THE BABYLON THING

Copyright © 2013 by Peter Ackers
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof
may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever
without the express written permission of the publisher
except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
Smashwords Edition 2013






THE BABYLON THING
1
Gorges de l’Ardèche, France, March 1997

Thirty thousand years after man had first daubed his indelible mark on the land, he was back once more to leave a timeless scar. Thirty thousand years ago he arrived after a torturous trek across windswept hills and through thick forests to shelter from the stinging rain; today he came in great machines that carried him through the air in the most resplendent comfort that money could buy. Thirty thousand years ago, man had come to live, to make for himself a secure home in the cavities deep in this clement land of healthy game and fresh water, where he had scratched and inked shapes upon the walls by firelight; today man had come for a much more simple reason. 
To party.
Six days after the first of the bulldozers had knocked down the first tree, the first of the choppers bringing Callot’s rich guests landed on one a helipad and discharged an elderly couple who sparkled with jewels. This couple was escorted into a marquee, where they were handed expensive drinks and a programme detailing tonight’s activities, which included talks, tours and shows. By this time, the next chopper could be heard high in the night sky.
The choppers came in a steady stream over the desolate land. The routine never faltered: the choppers gave up their guests, most of who were wealthy and respected members of the social science community, and then retired to a corner of the compound to sit idly in wait, their pilots smoking and laughing in their own private marquee.
Adam “Jacky” Jackson rode in the last chopper to arrive that night, with his date by his side and a married couple in the seat across from them. He spent the journey staring out the window, although it was night and he could see almost nothing once the city had fallen behind and the landscape gave over to nature. Here and there small lights blazed as the chopper passed high over some small village or farm or remote lane, but mostly the world beyond his window was empty. He saw cloudy black where moorland became lush forests, and the denser gloom of valleys dotted with the shapeless pale patches of craggy cliffs. And then came the area where the party was taking place.
"Dale?" said a voice beside him. He didn't register that she was speaking to him, not until her hand touched his arm. Then he remembered. Dale. The false name he was using tonight.
He turned his head to face her. Liza was tall, elegant, just how he liked his women. Although he had approached this one earlier that day, at the airport, with thoughts other than sex on his mind. In part he had sidled up and begun talking to her so he would have a partner for this party...and in part because of who she was. That joker streak in him.
"You've been silent for a while. Anything wrong?"
He shook his head. "Just thinking. Sorry." He turned back to the window. Lisa continued to talk to the couple opposite her.
Below the chopper, the landscape changed. They had arrived.
Jacky was no die hard conservationist, but it was hard not to be angry at the mass destruction he saw below him. An area about the size of five football pitches had been cleared of all plant life, the rough land flattened to make room for the dozens of heavy marquees, small wooden buildings, the helipads, and even a large area covered with gravel where about twenty choppers sat, bunched so close their rotors almost touched. The whole show had been fenced off by thick chain-link wrapped around posts driven into the earth. Bright lights lit everything up like some Olympic opening ceremony. Despite his anger, Jacky found he was impressed that the organisers had achieved what they had in just a one week. But when this party was over and the marquees came down and the choppers flew away, a giant blemish like a scar on a baby’s cheek would remain forever cut into this beautiful land. Jacky was surprised Callot had gotten permission. Maybe he hadn't. Or maybe he'd bribed someone in the government.
The thought made any guilt Jacky felt about his secret agenda here tonight dissipate.

2
The place reserved for Callot's speech hummed with the sound of hidden generators that provided heat against the chill wind that rattled the thick canvas walls of the marquee, although this noise was masked by the music of a five-piece brass band on a stage-like platform.
The guests filed towards the seats they had reserved at great fiscal expense weeks earlier. Jacky and Liza made their way quickly towards his own table, a small one in the back corner, right near the entrance. A little card folded into an inverted V sat on the table. BATES, D was written on it.
He sat and checked his watch. It would soon be time.
Up front, some of Callot's waiters were setting up the speaker’s platform. One placed a lectern; another set up lights; a final man positioned a flip chart. The waitresses got the easier job of circling the room, pouring wine, and smiling like they meant it.
Jacky picked up the bottle that had been planted on his table. French, of course, 1995. That figured. 
Jacky watched people mingling, forming cosy groups and chatting excitedly in anticipation of tonight’s ceremony. Couples split, men joining men, women with women. Some of them knew each other already, or had heard of their names. Jacky recognised a few faces. Some bigwigs in the world of archaeology, which was his field. And anthropologists, historians, sociologists: they were all here. The men in their black tuxedos were like clumps of deep space, the women with their glittery dresses and jewellery like the sparkle of a supernova. Jacky felt out of place, despite the fact that he was as rich as any man here and twice as handsome. He always felt this way at glitzy parties. Exposed, as if he stood out and they were all chatting about him. Every innocent glance became a suspicious stare. And maybe this time he wasn't just being paranoid. These people would all know who Leon Callot was, and so they would all know the identity of the woman Jacky sat with. 
He told himself to stop being silly. He didn't care what they thought of him. He was not exactly a respected member of their clan. He knew the problem was his environment, not his partner. He was not one for pomp and glamour. Give him a place with a beer-stained pool table and a barman with fading gang tattoos any day.
Lisa said, “Don’t stare at him, he hates that. Unless he’s speaking. Then stare all you want, just make sure to laugh and clap at all the right times."
Jacky hadn't been staring at Leon Callot, but now that she'd mentioned the man, Jacky scanned the room and found him. Over by the stage, awaiting his moment in the limelight. He was surrounded by acolytes and loving it, his arms gesturing all over the place like a guy being electrocuted as he answered their questions. Man of the hour and basking in it. Jacky stared hard at him.
Leon Callot. The man was tall and silver-haired and in photos Jacky thought he looked every part the ruthless businessman he was. Tonight he had forsaken his eternal white pin-stripe suits and wore something plain and black, like Jacky's. It made him look no less untrustworthy. But, Jacky conceded, maybe that image was purely in Jacky's mind. Certainly nobody else here looked upon him with scorn - more like admiration. Jacky, though, had only come across this guy after reading about his negative exploits regarding the reason they were all here tonight.
Three years ago three explorers - Etienne Brunel, Jean-Marie Chauvet and Christian Hillaire - had tumbled upon a cave in the hills surrounding the Ardèche River, and what they found there rocked the foundations of the archaeological world. 
The Chauvet-Pont d’Arc Cave, as it became known, hit the headlines. Here was the oldest know decorated cave in the world, with artwork on the walls dating back thirty thousand years to the Aurignacian period. It promised to make its discoverers rich, but then the French state claimed ownership on Feb 14 1997, which annoyed half the archaeological community, and then they annoyed the other half when they sold the cave to business tycoon Leon Callot, who immediately embarked upon a destructive new trend in exploration. Where once archaeologists had treaded carefully, sometimes using suspended bridges to avoid damaging the cave, Callot’s men had trampled in with drills and hammers, bringing down walls and digging holes all over the place. This had infuriated some people, not least the original discoverers, but it had also yielded a hidden cave that more traditional excavation methods would never have disclosed.
"Will you see if they have anything else to drink, Dale?" Liza said, jerking Jacky out of his reverie. She was pointing over by one wall, where there was a table and a waiter and a selection of bottles and glasses. For those who ran out of table-delivered wine, presumably.
Jacky approached the table. It was just a cheap, long table made of plastic, a foldaway piece of shit you might take on a camping holiday. Every expense spared. The waiter's uniform was also cheap and tacky and the guy wearing it looked like he knew it. He raised his eyebrows at Jacky, as if to say, what'll you have? Jacky pretended to think, a private joke to himself. Callot hadn't exactly arranged a buffet here. Every bottle of wine was the same, a 1995 claret, in reference to the year the Chauvet Cave was designated an historic monument. According to Callot.
"You look well pissed off, mate," he said.
The guy just shrugged.
Jacky told the guy he'd have two glasses. That was when he noticed someone beside him. His eyes first settled on a set of elegant hips below a thin waist, all wrapped in gold. His eyes followed the gold upwards, where it terminated at an ample cleavage. A pale face framed by blond hair was staring at him.
 "So what do you think of the wine? Good choice?" she said. She sounded American.
He looked her up and down again, lingering his gaze for an extra second on that cleavage. "Good choice indeed. Two years old. Cheap as hell, exactly why he bought it."
Jacky looked over at Liza, to see what her expression made of his talking to another woman.
When he turned his attention back to the woman, he saw they had been joined by a man. Leon Callot, doing the rounds amongst his guests.
His hand came out. Jacky shook it and noticed how smooth it was. It was not the hand of a man with hard work in his background.
"Leon Callot. I believe you're called Adam Jackson, right Mr. Bates?" Callot's upper teeth were as white and as straight as the best a dental surgery could manage. But his bottom lip hid his lower set, as if those were still under construction.
Jacky tried not to show his surprise. There were people out there who'd know him, and he'd waited for one to learn of his false name tonight and confront him about it. Now the main guy just had. He tried to think of a lie, some clever and practical reason why he'd booked his place here tonight under a pseudonym. Nothing came.
Callot didn't let him suffer long. "So you're my ex-wife's date tonight. Her attempt to make me jealous." His French accent was almost not there.
Jacky gave a long stare at the woman wrapped in gold, making it clear he thought the same about Callot's date for this party. He then threw a quick glance back at Liza and was unsurprised at her shocked face.
Callot grinned, took a sip of his own nasty wine. "But at least she picked a man with a genuine interest in antiquities. I knew she was coming tonight, probably just to see how much money I make so she can try to get her claws into it. Are you just here to make sure I get a fair amount so she doesn't feel cheated, or might you be raising your hand at the auction later?"
This was the reason for the party. Interest in the Chauvet-Pont d’Arc Cave had proved high enough to put great value on anything found inside it. Callot couldn't exactly carve the artwork off the wall and sell it, but the hidden cave that Callot's butchers discovered had been filled with goodies. Apparently it was all just junk, but when it was thousands of years old, even junk was worthy of a glass case under a spotlight in a museum. And Callot was planning to sell it all off, right here on the Chauvet Cave's doorstep, when all his rich guests were drunk and once his team of experts had filled them with the timeless beauty and remarkable history of the cave.
"I might help you out of your hole, Mr. Callot," he said, noting how the woman on the man's arm flinched at his words. "I got a bank charge once for going overdrawn by five quid, so I know how annoying it is. For the banks to call in your loans, I mean. And just after your divorce, too. Ouch."
He'd done his research on Leon Callot. The man had lost money on dodgy investments over the last five years. The divorce cost him, and after he'd dropped all that money into his ex-wife's pocket, the banks saw a man who was down and needed a final kick, so they called in two loans he'd taken out years earlier. 
The woman looked shocked, but Callot didn't. He was rolling with the punch and doing a good job.
"Oh, this isn't for the money, Mr. Jackson. My costs to set all this up-"
"Including bribes," Jacky cut in, staring at the nails on one hand as if to say he was not interested.
Callot continued as if he hadn't even heard: "-and hire all those helicopters-"
"And chainsaws."
 "- negates any profit you might think I'm making."
Jacky had thought about this. It was a puzzling factor. Tonight, for instance. He had bought wine and food and lights and tents, had paid dozens of guards, promoted the whole thing in newspapers. And then the labour to prepare the land. Not cheap.
The woman in gold jumped to her date's defence. "Leon is not interested in profit. He does this because the public should enjoy these fine treasures. He's planning to open the Chauvet Cave to the public, at no cost."
Enjoy these fine treasures... there was a line she'd probably heard from Callot's own renovated mouth. "Yeah, sure. That's going to close the exhibition at Vallon Pont d'Arc. They've got a mock-up of the cave, but who's going to care about that afterwards? Are you an archaeologist?"
She seemed to think about her answer. "No, but, er, I like art. I'd prefer the real thing to a mock-up."
"Well I'm an archaeologist. And we hate the thought of letting all sorts of people trample around the oldest-known decorated cave in the world. People, sure, they have a right to enjoy fine treasures, but there's right and wrong ways to do things. You heard of the cave of Lascaux? They opened that to the public. They had to allow more light in the cave, which resulted in the artwork getting maladie verte. Green sickness. And the extra heat from all those bodies caused maladie blanche, the white sickness. It got ruined. That's what'll happen."
The woman looked at Leon. Callot looked at Jacky, then smiled, then checked his watch, then seemed to remember he needed to be elsewhere. Without a word, glossy black and sparkling gold vanished as if yanked away.
Nice one, Jacky, he thought. Can't resist a bloody fight, can you? Now Callot's going to remember you were here. He tried not to think of this as a problem, but the nagging fear remained. He saw Liza waving at him, so picked up his drinks and returned to her.
For the next half an hour, Jacky was paraded like a new toy in front of Callot's guests. He had refused to go around and meet people, but it seemed nosiness was a driving factor in their heads, because they took turns to approach the Bates table. They congratulated the ex-Mrs. Callot on having made such a fine catch since her divorce from Leon last year, but they made sure the man of the hour wasn't within earshot. If anyone recognised Jacky, they didn't show it. Jacky just went with the flow, biding his time, waiting for the party to properly begin. Even though his had been the last chopper to arrive, people were still filing into the marquee and hunting their tables, as if they'd all run to the toilet the moment their choppers landed.
At that point, Callot called for silence, and every conversation abruptly halted in mid-sentence. All eyes bar one pair, Jacky’s, turned to face the host of tonight’s party. Even Liza was staring intently. She had never stopped loving her ex-husband, Jacky knew; his presence by her side, although exactly what he’d planned, had been nothing more than her attempt to show everyone that she hadn’t been trampled by the divorce, and perhaps to make Leon Callot jealous.
The lights were finally dimmed and the band fell silent, and Callot took to the limelight for his speech. Everyone still standing darted for their tables and sat down. Jacky was relieved. Callot started by thanking a number of people, milking his time under the lights. Jacky listened for half a minute, then told Liza he needed the toilet. She nodded but didn't take her eyes off her ex-husband. Jacky didn't care. He slipped out of his chair and, unseen, out the door.

3
"Composed of fossil deposits, this part of the Ardèche region of France, called the Gorges de l’Ardèche, or the Ardèche Canyon, has fought a ceaseless battle with the mighty Ardèche River. For a hundred million years, the watery blade cut meanders into its solid foe, and more recently - during the Quaternary Period - gouged underground cavities and caves, a vast labyrinth of lost tunnels and chambers untouched, and if touched then since unchanged, for thousands of years. Today the Ardèche Canyon is a thriving tourist spot, although in most parts is only accessible via the river. Of course, to the long dead people who painted on their walls, these caves were simply homes. These artists could never have foreseen that thirty thousand years after their deaths, their legacy would become world-famous..." 
The moment the canvas door slapped shut behind Jacky, Callot's annoying voice was overwhelmed by the wind, and he was thankful. He paused a moment, enjoying the cool wind on his face. Jacky was always more comfortable without a roof above him. He looked around.
The entire area was lit by lights atop tall tripods that looked aliens without arms. Jacky carefully picked his way through the few shadows they cast, ducking behind marquees whenever he thought he heard voices. The marquees were crammed in tightly, creating thin alleys between them, maze-like. Jacky was able to snake his way through the compound and avoid areas where the light was brightest, and avoid taking routes that took him towards voices. He was tempted to peek inside some of the marquees to see what treats Callot had in store for his guests, but time, he knew, was a factor and none could be spared for his curiosity.
He reached the perimeter fence without incident, although that was to be expected. There were a lot of security personnel here this night, but those he'd sneaked past had been engaged in idle chatter, not expecting anyone to be lurking around outside. The majority of the security guards, Jacky knew, would mostly be located around the building that housed the valuables extracted from the hidden cave.
Trouble was, that was where he was headed.

4
Once over the fence, Jacky found himself in forested land. He followed the fence, quiet as a cheetah stalking prey, and deep enough into the trees that he would be invisible to anyone in the compound. 
The circular compound was split in two by another fence running across it non-centrally. In the minor segment was the secure building; in the fence was a gate with a keypad lock that Jacky didn’t know the password to. However, he had never planned to enter via this gate, because it would obviously be guarded. 
He followed the circumference of the fence until the secure building was between him and the gate. And there it was, sitting all alone in the dark, nondescript, innocent, fragile-looking, like a flat-pack cabin you might buy from a home and garden superstore. But Jacky knew that within those thin walls were state-of-the art security devices to protect the valuables inside.
He had noticed that the gate in the fence wasn’t guarded. It should have been. And now he saw that no one was the guarding the cabin's door, either. There should have been. In fact, there wasn't a soul in sight. 
Jacky stared at the wooden cabin, thinking, wondering. Wondering why the lack of flesh security. Sure, there was security inside, but there should also be men watching the exterior. There were enough to spare. Jacky had seen over a dozen just along the trek from the helipad to the marquee where Callot was right now probably trying to impress all with his knowledge of the Chauvet Cave and France's Ardèche region. All wearing tuxedoes to blend in, all carrying guns that created noticeable lumps under their jackets. Where were they? That timid-looking cabin housed a collection of items that Callot hoped would bring him millions of pounds, so why was his security so lax? Was he that dumb? Or maybe he believed the remote location was secure enough. Certainly the opportunist thief wasn't about to stumble by. But this night had been heavily planned and heavily advertised and the location, though remote, wasn't that hard to reach from a local city or commune. Had he failed to secure an invite to the party, Jacky had been planning to cross the terrain by motorbike. Not impossible. Definitely worth the effort for a swag bag filled with millions.
The door. He looked at the door. It was on the far side of the building, the side he stared at. Just forty metres from the perimeter fence. The building should have been right in the centre of the compound, surrounded by marquees, but it wasn't. So the door should have at least been facing the interior, where those in the populated section could see it. But it wasn't. Getting to that door from where Jacky stood would take five seconds of climbing, and five seconds of running. A thief could be in and out and back over the fence and lost in the forest before the first tuxedo arrived to answer the alarm.
Something was wrong.
Instantly Jacky's breath caught. No, Callot was not a stupid man; he was quite the opposite. He was manipulative and scheming and if the security here was non-existent then it was exactly because of that manipulative, scheming nature of his.
Suddenly Jacky perked up.
From out of the shadows stepped a man in a tuxedo. The man strode casually across the grass and around the cabin and right up to the door. Jacky hadn't caught the man's face, and now he could see only the back of the guy's head. 
The guy plucked a sheet of folded paper from his pocket, opened it, and began reading. As he did so, he fidgeted inside his clothing, as if he were uncomfortable in eveningwear. Jacky understood completely, for he also abhorred wearing such formal gear.
The man pocketed the sheet of paper and looked around. Jacky saw his face. The gelled, slicked-back hair, the goatee beard, the long scar on his chin.
James Boyle. University roommate. Adventuring buddy. Now archenemy.

5
“Look at what not even a savage tomcat would drag in!”
James whirled and stared into the face that hung before his own shocked countenance. It was half in shadow, but easily recognisable. “Werewolf.” Werewolf had been James’s nickname for Jacky at University. Reason: because he inevitably turned into a bastard once his cool, charming persona had hooked a girl. Initially a harmless joke, the name had taken on a more insulting quality since their friendship had eroded. It was James’s method of reminding Jacky that he, Jacky, had also turned on his closest friend.
The pair might only have met a handful of times since their bust-up some ten years back, most recently nine months ago at an Edinburgh auction, but their friendship had been strong enough that each man remembered virtually every single thing he’d learned about the other: history, hates, likes, ambitions - everything.
“Why the suit, Jacky? It doesn’t become you. Where’s the hobo-style gear you so love these days?”
“I dare say I’m wearing this suit for the same reason you’re wearing yours. In his quest to woo, Mr. Callot dispatched invitations to just about everyone who’s ever made a profound mark on the world of archaeology. That explains my presence. But somehow I can’t imagine similar invites going out to the dens of thieves and smugglers. So why are you here, James?”
“If not the dens of thieves, then neither the lairs of backstabbers.”
Conversation always went the same way. Each man would speak in measured and refined lines at first, as if to declare he was no longer the rugged yob that had existed back at university. But the act would soon erode. Jacky decided to go first.
“Well, she was on her back when I stabbed her with my pork sword.”
James held at bay his anger. “Touché, dickface.”
"Dick in her face, yeah, I did that, too." He loved this kind of verbal fight, but his brain was firing questions at him. "What are you doing here, James?” 
“Ladies first. Up to no fucking good as well, obviously.”
“As well? Nice slip-up. But being a parasite, you need a host. So who’s the silly fuck idiot fleshing out your wallet this time?”
“Your mother. She wants me to finish what the doctors started in the delivery room when they stamped on you as you crawled out the abortion bin.”
Between drunken male roommates, insults of this calibre fly like mortar boards at a graduation. Jacky had long ago learned to immune himself to such taunts, and easily let this one slip by. He continued as if James hadn’t even spoken:
 “You must have been sent by someone who could trick the security people away and who could get you an invitation.” He looked James up and down. “And with a warped enough mind to imagine you in a suit. Any chance you want to just say a name for me?”
James said nothing.
“Callot,” Jacky said. “Must be. Slimy bastards like you two would be drawn together like magnets. But why? Tell uncle Jacky. Come on, I didn’t think there were secrets between us, James. Not after all we’ve been through. Egypt. Australia. Cambodia.”
“You first, isn’t that your motto?” James said sarcastically.
“Fair enough. No secret. Callot is planning to auction off a lot of valuable Aurignacian artefacts found in the Chauvet Pont d’Arc Cave. I have a client who isn't fan number one of that idea, because once these valuables have gone, they probably won't be seen again. Inside that cabin is something he wants. It isn’t valuable in terms of artistic significance, but it just happens to be something that was promised to him. Call me sentimental, but I happen to agree with him. Your turn.”
Jacky didn’t like James Boyle because besides being a thorn in his side, the Scotsman was basically not likeable. But they had been friends in the beginning, and had had enough good times to have developed a strange kind of affinity that couldn’t be eroded by just a few adversarial collisions. Because of this, Jacky couldn’t bring himself to lie to his former roommate; not about this.
James read his eyes and thought the same. His shoulders relaxed, as if this gesture touched his black heart. 
“Such a romantic.”
“Your turn.”
James shrugged, as if giving up his tale was no big deal. “I’m here posing as an antiques dealer. Like you, trying to act prim and snobbish like all these posh bastards. Callot brought me here, that bit’s right. The goodies inside that cabin are all for auction tonight, but don’t get your eye on the most valuable. They won’t be sold until a later date, in a secret auction that will take place once Callot has claimed the insurance.”
Jacky let out a low grunt as the last piece of the puzzle fell into place in his mind. “Aha. That’s why Callot arranged this stupid party. He will have a hundred witnesses to say he was nowhere near the artefacts when the theft took place. That’s why they’re housed in such a flimsy-looking cabin. Why we're out in the freezing cold a million miles from anything. And that’s why he has continued to use the Security of Historic Monuments Department instead of his own security - so he can sue, right? Shit, he really is short of money, isn’t he? And brain cells.”
“But not for long. And neither will I be. And you’ll get your own warped reward, whatever it is. Seventy virgins right here on earth, maybe. So it would be a shame if everyone involved lost out just because the intrepid explorer Jacky Jackson wanted yet another pointless fist fight.”
Jacky held up his hands in surrender. “Don’t worry, you're more valuable as help tonight. Obviously you know how to get into that cabin and disable the alarms, right?”
James plucked a key from his pocket. “A copy, arranged for me a week ago. But as for the alarms, no such luck, Werewolf. Disabling the alarms is not part of the boss’s plan. I am to set them off. When the door is opened, a silent alarm triggers in the security office and on the beepers carried by all security personnel. The office is empty at the moment, and most of these security gorillas have been called to a disturbance about five minutes away. Apparently someone told them one of the choppers went down. A fake, obviously. A minute after that alarm is triggered, a bell alarm will alert everyone else. Callot’s speech will be about finishing at that time. A hundred people, as you said, will see the innocent shock on his face as he realises a robbery is taking place.”
“So if you won't be sneaking away, how the hell are you supposed to escape?”
“I have my escape plan, nosey. Find your own.”
He was at the door suddenly, inserting the key, and then the door was open and James was moving inside, moving quickly across the wooden floor. Jacky quickly followed. Somewhere, he knew, fifty beepers were now warning fifty armed men that they should come running with guns drawn.

6
James had pulled a black plastic bag from his pocket and was fast filling it with items, everything that Jacky thought looked the most valuable. Mostly, these valuables were in reality junk: shaped stones and wooden pencils coated in manganese oxide, used for drawing; bundles of hair, made hard over the centuries, that had been used to fill in cracks or to serve as fur on the paintings of animals; scraps of clothing, crude weapons and, in a few of the larger cases, whole sections of rock containing complete drawings that had been carefully extracted from the caves. As promised, he did not seek the item Jacky was after, for he went straight past it, allowing Jacky to rush over, open the unlocked glass cabinet, which contained numerous items dumped in a pile on a felt-covered platform, and lift it out.
It was a necklace of bone, poorly made, the bones chipped, cracked, discoloured and shabbily tied together by wire.
He turned at the sound of a chortle. James had stopped his thievery to laugh at him. 
“Trust you, Jacky. But I suppose when you have money coming out your arse, it tends to lose its charm. Take your cheap jewellery and go, Jacky, before you fucking get me caught.”
The only piece of good advice he’d ever had from James. Jacky pocketed the necklace and rushed from the room.
As he got outside, his ears were suddenly filled with the sound of ringing. The general alarm. Now everyone knew what was going on. What a predicament that James had put him in. Stuck out in the cold, dark hills and cliffs in a foreign land, with a stolen artefact in his pocket and fifty armed security guards coming for him. If he were to be caught, it would certainly mean the end of his career and his reputation, and possibly even jail. He would be blamed for the theft of the things James was taking, too. So -
James. James was in just as much danger as he was, but James was cool about it. And why? Obvious: he had an escape plan.
At first he had assumed James had help from Callot with his escape, but upon further thought that didn’t seem likely. Callot had hired the mercenary Boyle because he wanted to wash his hands of the mission; that meant James was completely on his own. But cool. With an escape plan.
Suddenly he had his own escape plan.

7
James exited the cabin with his bag of goodies slung over his shoulder. He looked left and right. No sign of security yet; and no sign of that infernal Jacky Jackson.
He had itched to slam his fist into Jacky’s nose. But that could wait. Better this way. The man would be found with that artefact he stole and the robbery would be blamed on him. He, James, on the other hand, was going to slip quietly away down the cliffside - well, not so quietly.
He moved towards the fence, where there was a slash in the chainlink that he'd made earlier. He slipped through easily, but caught his elbow on a sharp part and tore his jacket. He didn't care. He hoped this was the last time he'd ever have to wear such a thing. Once he was out of the shaved land and submerged in the darkness of the thick trees, he felt so safe that he actually began whistling as he walked.
It was a mile's walk to his destination. Fifteen minutes after slipping through the fence, he passed the last of the white shoelaces tied around high branches. One needed a guide in this jungle, especially when it was dark. As casually as if he were getting ready for a day at the office, James put down his sack and kicked away some leaves, displaying a thin wooden board, which he lifted and cast aside. 
It took some strength to haul out the machine hidden in the hole out and manoeuvre it onto his back. When it was comfortably placed, he inserted a key from a bunch on a ring.
The Bell Aerosystems Jet Pack, dubbed the Rocket Belt, was the lightest on the market and that was why James had insisted on it. It wasn’t as fast as the more modern machines, nor could it remain in flight as long, just a mere half minute, but that didn’t matter to the Scotsman, who planned to cast the contraption aside once it had performed this last time for him and, with the profits from this mission, buy a top-of-the-range system. 
“If I’m not wrong,” said Jacky from behind James, making the Scotsman spin towards him, mouth agape, “that machine works by burning hydrogen peroxide. That makes it damn loud. Should bring security running.”
James couldn’t see the Cheshire cat grin on Jacky’s face: his eyes were stuck on the tiny snub-nosed gun in Jacky’s hand.
“Like a fucking bad penny, Werewolf. How did you sneak that thing past gate security?”
“Up my arse.”
"And I bet it went sideway." Suddenly James pulled a mask of anger over his face. “Are you planning to fuck me over, Jacky? Take this thing from me and just leave me here? Leave your old pal at the mercy of the security guards? That’s a bit extreme, even for you. Why do that when we can both escape?”
“Sure, James, I’ll just hang onto your feet as we fly down the cliffs. Take it off.”
There was further arguing from James, but with a little less-than-gentle vocal coaxing he finally took off the Rocket Belt. Jacky put it on, all the while keeping his gun targeted on James’s abdomen in case his old friend tried to rush him.
When the machine was secure, Jacky said, "Let's go check out the view."
Walking backwards carefully, throwing the occasional glance over his shoulder to determine a safe path, Jacky moved towards the canyon he knew was just metres away. The wind picked up as the trees grew thinner. The trees surrounded Callot's open area, protecting it from most of the wind, but here, right at the edge of the forest, nature was treating them to a sample of what it could do. And once they had moved beyond the last trees and out in open land, the wind was like a banshee: fast and loud. The mighty canyon was just thirty metres away, the Ardèche far below them.
The wind whipped Jacky's hair and unbuttoned jacket and tried to wrest the Rocket Belt from his back. It made his straight arm wave the gun enough to put doubt on a good shot. He moved steadily backwards, bringing James with him. When he was as close to the cliff edge as he dared get, he told James to sit down with his hands in his pockets. This close to the canyon, the wind was now frenzied. 
Jacky glanced out and down. The darkness hid the bottom; the cliffs appeared to descend into nothingness, an eternal pit. Jagged rocks and swirling water waited below. Impossible to safely judge a landing in the black night, even allowing for moonlight reflecting off the river. Besides, he knew the drop in some places of the canyon was 300 metres, and that was much too far a distance to be covered by the half-minute or so of flight time the Rocket Belt allowed. Hell, it might take him that long if he just jumped and fell. And even if he made it down there, the gorge was thirty kilometres long: he'd be trapped down there in the dark. 
James was smiling at him. “Problem, Jacky?”
“What’s the plan, James? Where were you taking this thing? Not down there, that’s for sure.”
“You know what, I have totally forgotten. Would you believe it? Curse my memory!” He was grinning.
Jacky looked round again, facing the abyss. Up, across, down. There was nothing but a sheet of black in all directions, a darkness as thick as that of deepest space. This was how the whole world looked in the days before artificial light, which was everywhere these days and, he now realised, very much taken for granted.
“James, tell me right now!”
“Good idea. You escape and I’ll stay here to be caught. Tell you what, you can even have my new girlfriend into the bargain. Want her postcode?”
Hairs stood up on Jacky’s arms and it had nothing to do with the cold, hard wind. Fear. Desperation. All was silent except for the wind and the keys in the machine on his back as they danced in the wind, but Jacky didn’t need to hear the security guards to know that they were even now fanning out, seeking, coming this way.
He turned his head, his eyes drawn to the key sticking out a hole in the Rocket Belt. Four keys dangled from the key ring, and a small, flat black piece of plastic that he recognised because he had one himself. With a rush of hope flooding through him, pumped by his accelerated heart just like blood, he snatched at the black thing, ripping it from the key ring. He turned to face the abyss once more, not really knowing what he was going to do or what he was expecting, just being driven by that sliver of hope. He pressed the button, pointing the piece of plastic out into space. It might turn on a great celestial light, or explode the world...
...or deactivate a car alarm.
Two quick beeps echoed in the night, barely heard over the roaring wind, and ahead of him, about sixty metres distant, small orange lights blinked on, indicators that briefly illuminated the rough shape of a car, a car that seemed to float above the chasm. Of course, this was a canyon - there would be another cliff on the far side!
“Tosspot,” James hissed from behind him. Jacky spun, pointing his gun, laughing.
“Still got that crappy old Fiat, then? Cheers, James. Oh, one more thing.” He slipped a ring off his finger and tossed it to James. The Scotsman stared at it, puzzled. His mouth moved but no words came and first. Then:
“This was in my . . . this was . . .” What he meant to say was that the ring was his wedding band, which he had never been able to throw away, even after his divorce following Lisa’s affair with Jacky. Instead, he had carried it in his wallet, until a seductive Japanese prostitute had pinched that wallet two years ago.
“I only wanted the map you drew of the old fort. Binned the credit cards. Don’t know why I kept that ring. Perhaps it brought back memories of fucking your wife up against my car.”
The insult hardly registered. James was trying to get his mind around another thought. “You set . . . Corona . . .”
“I set it all up, James, yep. Wanted the map. If it’s any consolation, I didn’t have to pay her much - with your money, of course. Bye.” Jacky threw the gun at James's feet. If he bothered to pick it up, he would see it was a copy, made of plastic, which he had brought only for intimidation purposes, knowing a real one would never get past the metal detectors everyone had been scanned by before boarding a helicopter. 
He pressed a button on one of the handles and the Rocket Belt kicked into life. Its noise was almost deafening, sure to bring the security guards running into this clearing. He didn’t care. They would find only James and a bag of stolen artefacts. James might tell them about him, but that would only make things worse for him. Jacky was here under the name of an archaeologist friend. A check would reveal that tonight Adam Jackson was entertaining friends at his house in London.
James perhaps realised all of this, for he rushed at Jacky with his teeth bared like an angry dog.
Jacky wasted no time. He manipulated the controls and the Rocket Belt lifted him into the air with a jerk that pulled the straps tight around his shoulders and chest. The combination of natural wind and jet-massaged air threw Jacky around like a kite at first, but he quickly got the feel of the Rocket Belt.
With the noise of the jet engines in his ears, Jacky did not hear the shouts from James. He soared out over the abyss. The old axiom was: don’t look down. That didn’t matter here, because to look down was to see only black. 
It was much easier than he thought. He had imagined a rocky flight, struggling for direction, fighting the wind, the Rocket Belt stalling, a hard landing on the cliff edge, a slip, a mad grip, fighting his way up and onto flat land. Instead, he floated smoothly across the chasm and touched down nice and neat. As the echoing roar of the twin jets faded, the sounds torn away into the night by the wind, different sounds came to Jacky from the other side of the chasm. Men in dark suits had flooded the clearing where he’d dumped James. They had guns trained on him. A torch illuminated him, and Jacky, even at this distance, could see the pain on his face. Yet again Jacky had trodden him into the dirt, and this time it was more costly than ever.
Quietly, he slipped off the Rocket Belt, dropped it over the cliff, then unlocked the Fiat and climbed inside. The shouting from across the way, the roaring wind and the distance meant he could start the engine without being heard, but the lights that would flicker when the key was turned would betray him, so he simply disengaged the handbrake and allowed the car to roll downhill. In the rear-view mirror, just before the descent of the car filled the reflective glass with land, he saw James, bathed in torchlight, struggling with the security guards, trying to fight his way to the cliff edge. It was as if he were trying to commit suicide, preferring a leap of death to the inevitable prison term. Jacky knew better, however: most likely, James was trying to get his claws around Jacky’s throat, despite the chasm between them.
Jacky started the engine. The tank appeared full. That was good; he had a long drive to the airport via the Hotel du Parc, where he would enjoy a hot bath and a glass of something stronger than Callot’s 1995 wine.

8
London, England
“You have a tongue like a dog!” the woman moaned.
Jacky raised his head from her cunt, shocked by this remark. Like a dog? Was that a complement? A Freudian slip? He hoped it was the former, because the latter didn’t bear thinking about.
“Don’t stop, you fucker!” she moaned, grabbing his hair, digging her nails into his scalp, and forcing his head back between her legs.
Jacky had met this woman just an hour ago at a posh wine bar. Although Jacky had given up the yuppie lifestyle years ago, he still retained his membership cards to all the best clubs, just for such an occasion as this.
“Fuck me like a dog!” she screamed, and pushed him violently away before spinning over onto all fours, thrusting her butt out for his attention.
More dogs! As he made himself hard, Jacky cursed Fabio’s existence. Fabio, the long-time barman at the wine bar, had a special friendship with Jacky. Jacky would enter the club of an afternoon, and Fabio would nod in the direction of any woman that he felt was up for some quick, no-ties fun. Jacky would move in with his shiny hair and sparkling teeth. And Fabio was good. Out of exactly sixty-one “nods”, only twice had the barman failed to see his friend leave with a woman on his arm.
Jacky inserted himself into the woman, whose name he had forgotten. She squealed like a pig with its balls caught in the sty gate.
As he pumped away, Jacky built up a rhythm that quickly became robotic, allowing his mind to drift.
It had been two weeks since he’d returned from France, and he was getting bored. One-night stands had long ago ceased to intrigue him; meaningless violence of a drunken night was no longer fun. These days, he had only his adventuring. Things like the Chauvet Cave thing in France. Mountaineers loved sheer faces; racing drivers loved 180 mph hairpin turns; Jacky Jackson loved dangerous adventures involving lost artefacts, Indiana Jones-style.
Problem was, missions like those didn’t come around that often. The phone still rung occasionally, but only occasionally. He still did hard fitness training, keeping up the boxing classes and hitting the climbing apparatus in his back garden daily, but lately his only outlet for his energy had been what he was doing now, fucking strangers.
“Grab my tits, you bastard!”
Bloody Fabio! This woman was a lunatic. She’d probably eat him praying mantis-style when they were finished.
Jacky Jackson had been born in 1965 into a rich family, thus instantly treading that path that bypassed all the problems faced by normal children: trying to fit in at school, trying to find a job afterwards, trying to further a career, seeking a mate; basically working at a life. But Jacky had rebelled at an early age. The private tutors had been decent professionals who taught him well; the inherited role as manager of one of the family’s three restaurants had been something to look forward to; and Cassandra, the daughter of a close family friend, had been a pretty girl that he had once happily envisioned marrying, which had been both families’ plan. But in the end, some happy-go-lucky streak in him had blown it all. 
At 18, Jacky had decided he wanted to study archaeology, so his parents had waved a few banknotes under the correct noses and hey presto! Jacky was learning history and archaeology at Nottingham University. That had been the start of his obsession with lost tombs, hidden temples and forgotten lands. Rooming with James Boyle had been the start of his new persona.
James Boyle was a genius with an evil streak, and certainly not the kind of person associated with the typical student. In no time he had gotten Jacky drinking into states of oblivion, fucking nameless women as if sex was soon to be outlawed, and beating the shit out of innocents on the streets of a weekend night. It was the kind of life James had been taught on the streets of Glasgow, and it came as a welcomed change to Jacky, for too long stifled by cocktail parties, tennis lessons and fox hunts.
“Put it up my arse now, go on!”
Jacky did as he was told. It was painful, as always. But fun, as always.
Reading about historical places and the exploits of other adventurers soon got boring. Jacky had pleaded with his family for money, and soon he and James were taking more and more time off from studying books to visit all the places they’d been obsessed by: the Pyramids of Giza, the remains of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, the palace at Knossos, many others. Then they’d tried solving a few historical mysteries of their own, like finding La Dorada, the Holy Grail, even Lord Lucan for a laugh. All ventures had quickly failed, but the spark that was the love of the hunt remained. It remained even today. His brush with James in France a fortnight ago had proved that the spark hadn’t been extinguished in his old friend, either.
Sometimes Jacky regretted what had happened between them. His and James’s roles had been reversed. Jacky had turned from yuppie to yob, while James had begun life as a street thug and through his life at university eradicated the violent and wild aspects of his persona, leaving behind a respectable married man who harboured views of a family, a proper job.
Until Jacky had fucked James’s wife after their graduation party, and the shock had broken James in two, propelling him instantly back into the lifestyle he’d left behind. That same night James had shagged three prostitutes and put an Asian cab driver in hospital.
They’d had good times. They had together joined the Treasure Seekers’ Society, a year into their university studies. This little-known but powerful organisation was run by a centenarian who, it was rumoured, lived high on a mountain and believed he could converse with long-dead famous historical figures by touching their belongings. He had, supposedly, held a conversation with Leonardo da Vinci by running his hands over the Mona Lisa. Now confined to a bed, his lonely life was played out amongst thousands of friends that his staff couldn’t see, emperors and magicians and soldiers from another age that spoke through the antique artefacts that littered his room. If ever he was bored, he had only to pick up his prized paintbrush and its owner, Adolf Hitler, would be by his side, expounding upon the Americans’ damn cheeky habit of sticking their noses into his business.
The primary purpose of the TSS was to feed the ego of its founder, and he wasn’t averse to laying out hefty sums of money to those who brought him the things he wanted. And at first, he had wanted everything. The more things he could get his hands on, the more friends that cluttered his bedroom. Riches were bestowed upon anyone who brought him even the dullest trinket if that item turned out to have been the property of someone who could cheer up the centenarian in times of arthritic pain and general woe. The select members of his TSS all quickly got rich, James included, which was how he managed, years later, to sustain himself without a proper job. These days, though, there were no more parties or group treasure hunts, just the occasional newsletter informing about the current state of health of the founder, who was supposed to be 124 years-old this September. He had tired of all his “friends” and had discarded their items. What he sought now was one simple object, a horseshoe fashioned in the 1700s by a man that the centenarian believed was himself in a past life. With this horseshoe, he would have himself the perfect bedside companion, a man with all the same tastes, all the same knowledge. To the man or woman who brought him this horseshoe, millions had been promised. Literally millions. Obviously, it was being hunted, secretly, by every member.
After Jacky had fucked James’s wife and James had lost his head, the Scotsman had thrown bad light across the good name of the TSS with his erratic behaviour during the annual Treasure Seek Rally, which was a vehicle race through the streets of Copenhagen in search of a hidden ivory tusk of no major value. For his actions James was tossed from the Society, yet he continued to keep up with events through a female member he occasionally shared a bed with. It was this woman who’d spilled her guts about the horseshoe. In the last ten years, James and Jacky had met only four times, all during the last four years since the faceless founder of the TSS had instigated the horseshoe hunt, and all but one, the most recent, as a result of following up the same leads in pursuit of that horseshoe. It showed that they were alike in their ways of working, which Jacky thought was a good sign that James hadn’t changed that much. 
Without that ugly wife-shagging incident, Jacky suddenly wondered, where might the two of them be today?
“Phone a friend!” she moaned.
Jacky pulled out and stood back, shocked. Two women at once he could do - had done - but no way him and another guy.
She reached out, grabbed his mobile and tossed it to him.
“Go on, bring a friend round.”
That was when the phone rang. It was Finch. Finch was a man he kept around to keep track of all his money and other interests. And to be his link to those who could provide the flame for Jacky’s spark. 
A new adventure!
He answered the phone. The woman watched, perhaps thinking he was phoning a friend. She didn’t seem to realise that he hadn’t called out. 
Finch was like the hackneyed vision of a country-house butler, and spoke accordingly. And why not, since Jacky had poached him from the family estate four years ago, buying him a small house and installing an office from which Finch could effectively control events in Jacky’s life. His opening sentence was typically clipped and straight to the point: “It’s Mr. Piet with an electronic transmission, sir. I believe it concerns possible work for you.”
Work! “Cool. Be right home.” He hung up. “And you, you foul slag, you sound like you should be on the pull down the pet shop. Get your knickers, and get out of my fucking house.”

9
Jacky brought his Harley to a halt outside Finch’s house and climbed off. He removed his helmet and stared down at two kids who had come close to stare at his bike.
“My tires go flat, I’ll hunt you down,” he told them. They ran away.
Jacky went through the gate and up the path. He knocked on the door, then pushed his way inside without waiting for an answer. He was paying the rent on this place, so could come and go as he pleased.
The stairs were not carpeted; Jacky’s boots made a booming echo as he jogged up to the first floor.
“Sir?” called Finch from somewhere above.
Jacky went beyond the first and second floors and scaled the ladder to the attic, which was where he found Finch in a dim candlelit room, sat before a computer that washed his face in white light. Finch was tying a shoelace. Jacky knew that Finch had decided to change into his butler’s outfit following his call to Jacky. He was old-fashioned like that. It had impressed the family, but Jacky didn’t care for tradition.
“Good afternoon, sir,” Finch said, getting out of the chair, and with a wave of the hand he beckoned Jacky to sit. Jacky did.
“Would you like tea, sir?” Finch picked up a silver teapot from a silver platter. Jacky saw the way the right pocket of his jacket swung as if carrying a weight. Jacky reached inside as Finch bent over to pour tea into a small cup.
“I prefer this,” Jacky said, unscrewing the top from the half-bottle of gin. “Your addiction is killing me, Finch.”
“Jacky!” called another voice, somewhat metallic. Jacky looked at the computer monitor, where there was displayed the head and shoulders of his friend Alberto Piet, a barrel-chested, bearded fifty-something. “Alcohol this early in the day?” His French accent, even after eight years a resident of Britain, was still as broad as that of someone who’d freshly learned English.
“It’s never too early in the day. It just becomes late for the night before. And how are you, Mr. Piet?” Jacky respected his elders; to them, he was as polite a young man as his rugged generation could produce. Aside from Finch, whom Jacky also respected although he rarely showed it, none of those “elders” ever saw just what a bastard he could be to other people, especially his women.
“A little greyer than last time,” Piet answered. “But seeing you always restores my youth, Jacky.”
“Then you should pop down for a kickboxing session, sir.”
Piet was a patriotic Frenchman, but with a job at the Historical Studies Department of Cambridge University, he was required to live in England. Therefore, he could quite easily “pop” down to Jacky’s home any time he wished. The reason why he never had in the four years they’d known each other was that he never granted himself spare time, always working on his own archaeological projects when not on duty at the university. This call, Jacky knew, would be professional, not personal. 
“A new mission for me?” he prompted, knowing Piet’s dislike for small talk.
“Not really, Jacky. I thought I’d just update you on my findings following analysis of the necklace you brought me.” He paused here for no obvious reason. But Jacky knew from his smile that he was enjoying teasing Jacky. He knew Piet would impart what he knew slowly, savouring each revelation. “This was the first chance I had to work on the necklace, as you know.” Two days after Alberto Piet had arrived in France following his requested presence by Jean-Marie Chauvet, a routine examination of a high natural ledge deep inside the Chauvet Pont d’Arc cave had wielded the dirty little trinket. The next day, Leon Callot, after lengthy secretive legal wrangling, had turned up unannounced and taken over, confiscating everything thus far retrieved from the area. 
“You’ve now had the necklace carbon-dated?” Jacky said, allowing himself to be led by his friend.
“As you know, radio-carbon dating is a breakthrough that got Willard Libby the Nobel Prize, but it’s talents are limited. It’s only accurate when dating material less than 40,000 years old. The amount of carbon 14 in dead organic material, in this case the bone, decreases by half approximately every 5370 years. After a certain amount of time, there’s so little left it cannot be analysed. That’s what happened when I sent the necklace to the lab.”
Piet was a smart, knowledgeable guy and Jacky knew it, and Piet knew Jacky knew it, yet he had this habit of regurgitating facts and figures as it to constantly prove it. “Are you saying they cannot date it? But there are other ways of dating. Fission track, K/Ar, USD -”
“Jacky, I didn’t say that. I simply said they couldn’t radio-carbon date it.”
“So it has been dated?” He was getting a tiny bit tired of the game now, wanted it all laid out for him, quick and simple.
“The cave contains art from as long as 30,000 years ago. But here is something foreign from long before that.”
“How long before?” Jacky said, trying to keep from snapping at him. But Piet was loving this. He glugged from the bottle again.
“Well, if you were to go back 40,000 years and try carbon-dating it then, you’d still be unsuccessful. If you then went back another 40,000 years and tried again, you’d have the same result. In fact, you’d have to make that journey quite a number of times before the carbon-dating showed any kind of results.”
Jacky frowned. In his impatience, he had been slow to catch Piet’s point. A 30,000 year-old cave of art, with a much, much older inhabitant. That could open up a whole new can of worms.
“In fact, you’d have to make that journey . . . 75,000 times.”
Piet leaned back in his chair, staring at the screen, watching Jacky, watching for his expression as he calculated the maths. To him, seeing his revelations draw disbelief on Jacky’s face was like watching a baby son learning how to walk.
Jacky shook his head as if to clear it, to set it working right, because the sum in his mind was wrong, wildly wrong, it had to be. “Three-hundred million years? What number did I carry thrice?”
A big smile broke Piet’s face. “Your maths is good, Jacky. Humans have previously been dated back as far as almost three million years, with the discovery of homo habilis, but we have found a man-made necklace a hundred times older than that.”


10
Jacky sat stunned, staring at the image of Piet, who was staring back, loving every second of this. “Everything I’ve ever learned about history, about archaeology, tells me that’s impossible.”
“It is!” Piet barked, laughing. “But I had you going!”
“Was that a big joke?” Jacky said, not pleased at being wound-up.
Piet was suddenly serious. “Jacky, if a mudslide suddenly covers my house, and in ten thousand years’ time some archaeologist excavates it, he could date any one of the artefacts there and think the house was fifty thousand years-old. Get my point? The bone necklace is 300 million years-old, but that doesn’t mean it was created back then. It could have been created at the same time as some of the art found in the same cave. Remember that it was bound with wire of some kind, quite a modern invention. But consider this: homo habilis was dated at 1.8 million years before present before Richard Leakey found a skull that was a million years older. Who’s going to discover an older one tomorrow? Breakthroughs come all the time, and hard facts are shattered just as often.”
Jacky sat back, thinking. He couldn’t see Piet’s point, couldn’t grasp the man’s reason for telling him this. He asked.
“No reason, my dear boy. You went through a lot to bring that necklace to me. I thought I’d just keep you informed.”
“Right. Okay.” He didn’t know if he should be flattered or not that Piet was thinking of him. He suspected something else. “These bones. Too old to be dinosaur. Must be a reptile that pre-dated dinosaurs, correct?”
“That’s right, Jacky. I’ve sent them off for analysis, should be getting that back soon. Thing is, bones that old, how would they end up in a Palaeolithic cave in France? Cave dwellers of that era certainly wore bone necklaces, but they used bones freshly picked, or bones discarded by predators, certainly not bones that were once fossilised. Could be a lost fossil site somewhere close by. Could be we’re on the verge of a new breakthrough that might change facts we’ve relied on for many years.”
“Every archaeologist thinks that after every discovery, Alberto. You know that.”
“Even so, when the results come back, they may necessitate action. I, er, may need your help again, Jacky.”
And there it was. Given his bad experience with matters of legality in the Chauvet Cave case, Piet was not planning to allow the same problems to arise in the future. If there was action to be taken based on the results he awaited, he was determined it would be conducted on his terms, and without interference from people in suits who didn’t know one end of a shovel from the other. Jacky had hoped Piet was contacting him today with news of a fresh mission, hopefully one fraught with danger and secrecy, and here it was!
“Call me as soon as you find out, Alberto.”
Piet smiled. “I certainly will, Jacky. Thank you. Bye.”
“Bye, Piet.” He ended the connection with a click of a button.
His hands were clammy. He realised it was apprehension at the thought of a new adventure.


11
A few hours later, Finch woke Jacky, who had fallen asleep in the withdrawing room downstairs, where he’d gone - he said - to read over information about Chauvet Pont d’Arc that he'd printed off the Internet. Finch saw that Jacky had found a notepad and had started on a letter to someone called Julian. If memory served, Finch believed Julian was Jacky’s old history tutor at Nottingham University.
Despite the cold attitude he adopted around most people, Jacky was touched by those who strolled though his life. From old primary school friends to far-removed family members, he remembered them all. The problem was, it often took a bottle of alcohol and some time to think for his feelings to come through. He would think of the good times and would suffer guilt at the memories of the bad. During those brooding times, he would scoop up pen and paper, and a few days later someone would receive a letter from a man they often didn’t even remember, a page or two expressing guilt at the bullying, or happily recalling the games of hide-and-seek.
Finch was no psychologist, but he had his own theories. Jacky trampled on friends and girlfriends alike because he found it hard to express his feelings. Finch recalled how hard Jacky had been hit as a child when he’d lost his brother, and could believe that the same boy, now grown, had learned that a person who kept others at a distance wasn’t wracked by so much pain when they were snatched away. Possibly. Or perhaps, as the man’s numerous ex-girlfriends claimed, he was just a cold bastard.
Taking his own empty gin bottle from Jacky’s hand, Finch shook him awake and informed him that there was another electronic transmission awaiting attention.
Jacky rubbed his sleepy eyes. Finch found it strange that Jacky rarely got drunk on alcohol, just sleepy. Yawning, Jacky wandered upstairs and once more sat in front of the computer. 
He pressed a button.
He had expected Piet’s bearded face to confront him, that grin, but what appeared on the screen was far more frightening. A 3-D illustration of a lizard. It was a typical-looking tetrapod, quite small. A legend below the picture said: Hylonomus lyelli.
The hard-drive whirred as it downloaded more information, more pictures. Jacky stared at the small sauropod as it suddenly became animated, little legs and tail waggling as it simulated a spacewalk two inches above a ruler that showed its size at 29 centimetres.
Jacky smiled as the penny dropped. Piet. This must be the creature whose bones had been fossilised 300 million years ago and 30,000 years ago made into a necklace.
Information was appearing all over the screen, with headings like Theropsids and Amniota. It seemed Piet was giving him a history of this little creature, which the text claimed was perhaps the forefather of all reptiles. It was all very nice of him to create this file, but useless, too. Cut to the chase, Alberto, he thought.
A pictorial family tree materialised, and lots more information. Jacky had to scroll down to get past it. Next, a world map with an island off the east side of Canada highlighted. Below that, the same map in zoom. And again. And again. Until the little island was detailed with place names, and coloured terrain with a key. Nova Scotia.
“Now who’s the Charles Dickens look-alike?” Jacky remarked as a new chapter in e-mail junk opened. A black and white photo, very old, of a bald, white-bearded man popped onto the screen, then a brief biography of the man, who had been called John Dawson.
Jacky rubbed his forehead. What was all this junk? He was about to get up and leave when an animated caricature of a town crier in the bottom corner of the screen caught his attention. A speech bubble above the bell he was swinging over his head said: “Click me for the abridged tour.”
That sounds better, Jacky thought. He spun the tracking ball on the laptop; the pointer zipped over to the bell-swinging town crier like a faithful pet returning.
Jacky clicked a button. The words and pictures disappeared, replaced by the video feed of a man. But it was not Piet.
It was a younger man, about forty, obviously tall even though he was sat behind a desk, handsome with his rugged, tanned skin, floppy black hair, and hairy forearms exposed beyond rolled-up expensive silk shirt sleeves. 
“Theodore Marcellus,” he said. The name didn’t sound Irish, but his deep accent was unmistakable.
“Adam Jackson,” he replied. “But I figure you already know that.”
He ignored Jacky’s remark. “The creature you just saw is the earliest known reptile, and the very one which evolved into the first dinosaur a hundred million years later. The map is of Nova Scotia, a part of Canada. That was where this little sauropod lived, died, was fossilised and, as the history books record, was discovered in the mid-eighteen hundreds by two men, one of whom was the man in the photo, Sir John William Dawson. In truth, Hylonomus lyelli was originally discovered over a hundred years earlier by a man called simply Patrick, and the very same man who crafted a necklace from the bones, the same necklace that was found in the cave in France. I have searched for this type of clue for years now, and suddenly it pops up, and that, Jacky Jackson, means this is your lucky day.”
“Oh goody,” Jacky said, his voice carrying sarcasm, but his eyes showing increasing wonder and intrigue.

12
“I wish to hire your services, Mr Jackson,” Marcellus said. Jacky noted the sudden change from calling him Jacky to using his surname, which made everything more serious. “I shall of course send you everything you need to know about this mission should you accept, but for now if you are willing I can give you a brief overview.”
This already didn’t sound like the kind of mission Jacky was noted for, but he nodded anyway. What was five minutes out of his life?
“Sure. Captivate me in a single sentence.”  
“I seek the location of the burial place of Shamash Mudammiq, long ago King of Babylon.”
“Suitably captivated. Why?”
“The history books record that Mudammiq was killed by his successor, Nabu-Shum-Ukin, in 901bc because he embarrassed his race through defeat in battle by the Assyrians. My family’s research has revealed that this historical fact is nothing but fiction. Mudammiq was not killed; his death was faked because Nabu-Shum-Ukin had a secret mission planned for him.”
“A secret mission,” Jacky repeated, tasting the words. “What happened to him?”
“History tells of his death at his successor’s hands, so there is no official record of what became of Shamash Mudammiq.” 
“So what do you know?”
“An ancestor of mine, while studying Babylonian history, came across this information. He discovered the true story of Shamash Mudammiq’s fleeing, learned details of his cargo and his helpers, and even his destination. My forefather immediately launched a hunt for this burial place, the ex-king’s tomb. He had a staff of dozens and feared a leak, so took steps to combat this eventuality.”
“If your ancestor discovered the destination, why don’t you know it?”
“I shall get to that.” 
“Okay. Next question: I assume, since the history books still put Mudammiq’s death at the hands of his successor, that no leak occurred?”
“No leak occurred. If it had, that would not be the only piece of history rewritten. The answer to one of modern history’s great riddles would also have been answered.”
Jacky’s mind spun, recalling what he had seen printed on the screen, knowing the clues were all there. “Does this involve our little lizard friend, or at least Nova Scotia, where he came from?”
“Do you have a working fax machine?” Jacky nodded, puzzled. “Print off this form and sign it. You must do this before we speak any more. If you refuse, I bid you a good future. Goodbye.”
Marcellus pressed a button on his computer and his image disappeared, replaced with words. Indeed, it was a form with a dotted line for Jacky’s signature. He read. It was a contract, basically. He was required to sign himself to silence in all matters concerning what he was told or given by Theodore Marcellus else be liable to prosecution.
He didn’t hesitate to print off the form and sign it. Hairs were dancing on the back of his neck at the thought of what might lay ahead. 
When he closed down the word processing window that the form was on, he was confronted with the e-mail message again. Scrolling further down, he located a fax machine number. The signed form went on its way.
He looked over the e-mail, waiting. Two minutes later town crier icon reappeared and he clicked on it eagerly. Marcellus was back, and he had Jacky’s signed oath in his hand.
“Very clever,” Jacky remarked.
Obviously satisfied he had what he needed, Marcellus got straight down to business. He spoke fast. “In case of a leak, Lawrence, my forefather, wanted other treasure hunters thrown off his trail. He was a respected archaeologist, but he lived in a time that knew no scruples. Enemies had spies everywhere in their eagerness to steal an idea, an invention, a discovery. Lawrence Marcellus was a great man, but he wasn’t immune to paranoia. So he envisioned and created an alternative treasure hoard, complete with traps and other safety devices. This was a secret project that used labourers from impoverished African countries, people who had no knowledge of archaeology and what their stories could mean. They were just hired hands building a pit of traps. This false tomb of treasures was then pretended to be the site that Lawrence was seeking, while secretly he went off in search for the real tomb. The man I mentioned called Patrick was left in charge of the building of this alternative treasure tomb. This how he came to be in possession of a bone necklace later found in France.”
“Ironic, really. If this story was never leaked, it became redundant. The false tomb must still remain hidden. Nova Scotia is a prime site for archaeologists and treasure hunters, especially Oak Island, home of the famous Money Pit, which has intrigued and foiled treasure hunters for two hundred years now. I’m surprised the location of your forefather’s false treasure tomb hasn’t been discovered by chance.”
“Oh, it has, Mr. Jackson, it has,” Marcellus said, smiling like a Cheshire Cat. “And it still foils people even today. My ancestor’s decoy will become a very publicised hoax when it is finally beaten.”
Jacky searched his mind for information about treasure-seeking expeditions currently ongoing at Nova Scotia. Just one he could think of.
Marcellus smiled again, perhaps reading Jacky’s mind. “The decoy was discovered by chance in 1795, just a few years after it was built. It is the very same one now called the Money Pit.”


13
Jacky wasn’t sure if he was being had.
“African labourers couldn’t have built such a series of traps. They even today still beat modern machines and -“
“- and those slaves were just hammering the nails they were told. It was my forefather who created the Money Pit; every device in it was envisioned by his mind.” Marcellus paused, but only for breath: he was too eager to tell his story to allow himself to be upset by Jacky’s insult.  “Lawrence had a son, Charles, whom he passed his knowledge onto as a child. Just a father telling nightly stories to his boy. But they were remembered. Charles had three children, each of whom heard the tale, and only one of whom, Catherine, had children of her own to hear the story. A number of generations later there was born myself and my brother, Joshua. Joshua turned me into the last of the Marcellus family lineage in 1971 when as a twenty-one year-old fitness addict his heart gave out during a training session. In 1989 I had a son of my own. I am forty-five and single and there is scant chance of further children.”
Jacky soaked all this up, and Marcellus waited for him to do so. He seemed sad at the memories.
He continued. “I was told the story by my father, but it seemed he enjoyed a good cliff-hanger, because he left out the most vital parts.”
Another pause. Jacky formulated a question: “Is he planning to tell you?”
“He’s dead, so I don’t believe there’s much chance of  that. He was a vile man who, it seemed, preferred to take his secrets to the grave. I was not given his diary until a few months ago during his will reading.” Marcellus smiled. “I gave all the money he bequeathed me to charity. I have enough of my own. If he’s up there watching me, he would have hated that. That is why I enjoyed it.” 
“Does this diary not contain everything you need to know?”
“My family has been one filled with careful men. What each man wrote in his diary was simply the stuff they didn’t care to remember. The blanks were filled in by Lawrence to his son, Charles, who told it to his daughter, Catherine, and so on. Until the story came to Marcus, my father, who it now seems did not love me enough to confide in me.” Marcellus looked sorry suddenly, as if he might any second burst into tears. The package is waiting for you. I will telephone you tomorrow for an update. Goodbye and good luck.”
The video feed was terminated, leaving Jacky staring at the e-mail message. The town crier was gone.
Just then the front doorbell chimed throughout the house.

14
It was a motorcyclist at the door, carrying a parcel. He said nothing, required no signature for delivery, and left on a bike that no despatch rider would be allowed to ride. Marcellus’s man.
Finch handed the package to Jacky, who took it straight into the living room and tore it open. There was a mobile phone, an old notebook, like a diary, another notepad, much newer, and a typed letter signed by Theodore Marcellus. He scanned the letter. It simply explained the package. The phone was so Marcellus could contact him; he should keep it on his person at all times. The old diary had belonged to Lawrence Marcellus, Theodore’s tomb hunting ancestor; the newer notepad had belonged to Marcus Marcellus, Theo’s father, who had become the latest family member to unsuccessfully hunt Mudammiq’s tomb and who, in death, had passed his findings onto his son. 
There was nothing else in the package, no contact numbers for specialists he might need to talk with, no proposed places to visit, no clues of any other sort. There was just the pair of journals, whose contents would influence his investigation. He decided to read the older one first. He yelled for Finch to grab him a pot of tea and flipped the diary open.

15

Nova Scotia, Canada

Halifax.
The technology inside Marcellus’ private jet, a Citation VII, wasn’t so advanced that it could counter turbulence. The seats were deep and soft, the surround sound system on the sixty-inch television almost making Jacky feel as if the zombies in the Resident Evil video game were actually right behind him, but the rising warm air smacking the light aircraft from below jolted the plane about enough to cause discomfort to a degree that he was glad when they landed at Halifax International Airport.
He thanked the pilot, who apologised for the turbulence, and exited the plane, which taxied in a semi-circle and flew off into the sunny sky. He knew he would never again see the man who had flown him here and felt a strange sensation. Funny how people can come into your life for the briefest moments and then go. He shrugged the feeling away and made for the terminal. 
As he strolled across the tarmac, he looked up at the windows of the airport terminal, seeing faces pressed against the glass, staring out. They were watching the departure or arrival of planes taking or bringing loved ones, but suddenly he felt like an insect under scrutiny, sure they were all wondering who he was, certain he must be rich and famous to own his own jet.
The car was waiting, as promised. A sleek black BMW. 
The young woman who stuck her head out of the sunroof was pale with black hair swept back into a tiny pony-tail, just enough of it to capture in the elastic band. Jacky’s first thought was that she was a vampire on a day off, if vampires wore jeans and T-shirts on their days off. 
“Jacky, Jacky, Jacky. I'll burn the photo Mr. Marcellus gave me, it doesn't do you justice.” Her accent was Irish, just like Marcellus’.
Jacky sighed inwardly. Another hot-blooded young woman who fancied herself almost as much as she did men. Saturday night in the pub, he adored such creatures. When he was at work, however, he didn't. “And you must be Leo. Strange name.” If she said it was due to her lion-like libido, he promised himself, he was going to turn and leave right now, even if it meant swimming back to England.
Instead of that, she simply said. “My star sign. Perhaps mum couldn’t think of anything else. Anyhows, in ye jump, and we’ll get you to a hotel.”
Satisfied with this response, Jacky climbed into the back seat. 
“Sit up front, babe. Less distance to fly if we crash.”
Jacky suppressed a smirk. “No thanks. I’ll have more time to adopt crash position flying from here.”
“Ah, a scientist. Okay, Dr. Jacky. Seatbelt on and we’re away. I’ll give you a brief tour guide while we’re driving. Been here only two days but seen it all already. Cool joint. If you get bored of the guide anytime, just kiss the back of my neck and silence will descend. ‘Kay?”
Perhaps that swim would have been better, Jacky thought as the car pulled away.


16
Lunenburg County
Seventy minutes later, minutes filled with incessant flirting from Leo, she brought the car to a rough, sudden halt outside the Cavalier Hotel, causing a few other drivers to honk their horns at her. She stuck her head out the sunroof and bellowed at them: “Yes, I do own this road, and a little side-street in Copenhagen, too!” She sat back down. “Guy must be taking road rage at college or something. Look, I’ll give you an hour to get in, get ready, food, whatever, then I’ll be back and you can decide where you wanna go first. I recommend the candlelit dinners at a little restaurant down -“
“Oak Island will be fine,” Jacky interrupted. Not irritated; her attitude was not in-yer-face enough to cause discomfort, and he did find her a little amusing.
“Well, that is why you’re here. Good plot. Glad I thought of it. Jump out then. Uno hour.”
Jacky climbed out and waved Leo away. She threw the BMW into the traffic with a lackadaisical vigour that evoked a few more honking horns. Leo’s head came out the sunroof with another typical joke: “My sister is in labour!”
Jacky entered the hotel with his single bag of belongings. There was already a room booked for him, as promised. He took the key, stuck it in a lock on a door two floors up and threw it on the dressing table inside.
His mobile rang. The ring tone was a simple beep-beep. His own had a current chart hit as the theme, but it was not this fact that told him it was Marcellus’ phone ringing; he figured the Irishman boring enough to not bother playing with the gadget’s features, that was all. Default settings all the way.
“Leo informs me you arrived safely. And that you wish to visit the Pit immediately. That’s good. Is there anything you need just yet?”
Jacky thought. “No. I just want to have a look at the place first. Then I’ll read up on its history. For the rest of this day I’ll probably be doing nothing except researching the Pit and this island.”
“As you wish.”
“This display says number withheld, and there are no entries in the phonebook. How -“
“I’ll always be calling you. And I’ll do so later. Goodbye.”
He hung up. Frustrated, Jacky changed the ring tone. Then he got undressed and stepped into the shower.


17
“Tell me a little about your employer, Marcellus,” Jacky said.
“No comment, officer. Want my lawyer!” Leo replied.
They were driving towards the location of the Money Pit, Oak Island, and Leo hadn’t yet irritated any other road users.
“Seriously, Leo.”
“What like? Big guy, moustache, forty-five, awesomely rich, and probably got a big dick, too.”
“Awesomely rich, yes. But how?”
“He inherited his money. His family’s been rolling in it since forever. Not like the rest of us who have to balance on tiptoe on top of it. He doesn’t own businesses and shares and things, doesn’t believe in it. That kind of money, he always says, is just noughts and ones inside a computer memory. And computers go apeshit now and then.”
“So he likes material things? Antiques?”
“Antiques don’t really interest him. It’s just because they’re valuable, physical things. He also owns hundreds of houses, most of them being used by his staff. That’s about it. Just buildings and cars and things.”
“So that if ever one day the world’s computers ‘go apeshit’ he can sell his buildings and cars?”
“’Bout the size of it. He’s mad on security, that’s all. Hates the idea of his world crashing down around him. He sees the future as his present, if you get what I mean. When his dad died recently, it devastated him, but not because of the personal loss. They didn’t really get on. What got him was that it proved how things can go belly-up for anyone, anytime. Also, he doesn’t want the family name to die. There’s just him and his son now, and you wouldn’t believe the stuff he does for his son, just to keep him safe. Doctors watching him all the time, never lets him do anything even remotely dangerous.”
“He really loves his son, then?”
“Sure.”
“What are you to him? Close?”
Leo swung a sharp right, and got a honk for her trouble. This time, only a raised middle finger exited the sunroof. “I was his son’s tae-kwon-do teacher when he didn’t have time to do it himself. But since he stopped his son doing physical stuff that might get him hurt, I’ve just been a handywoman. But since I’m a good friend, probably the only real friend he has, I get all the best jobs. Like driving gorgeous men around.”
Jacky ignored the remark, curious about something else she’d said. “Marcellus knows tae-kwon-do?”
“Knows? That’s like asking Einstein if he knows about physics. It’s all part of his self-preservation obsession, just like his vitamin injections and the quarantine-style oxygen tents he sleeps in. Crashing computers are one danger, and so is illness. Another is people coming at him. I always say, if someone wants to have a pop at him, their best weapon is to watch him in action first.”
“He has a special weakness?”
“No, because watching him, you’ll realise it’s suicide to go up against him.” Leo laughed at her own joke. “Marcellus is big on living forever, and he’s made sure nothing and no one gets in the way of that. You know, he ain’t as bad as you think. We all have a heart somewhere. It’s just that his is well guarded, just like his wallet and his face. Ain’t no girl gonna break that heart. That’s why he got a call girl in order get himself a son, then paid her off. Sent her to Australia, to make sure she didn't tell tales to the wrong people. He tells people that his the mother died. The only thing he does that resembles a sense of humour is invent a new death for her every time someone asks. Last one I heard, he said his wife died in a skiing accident. Try it. Ask him where his son's mother is. He'll probably say she fell down a lift shaft. Haven't heard that one yet.'th for her”
“Are we there yet?” Jacky asked, hoping the previous subject would be deflected. He had heard enough about Theodore Marcellus for now. He needed to keep his head on the job at hand.
“Unrealistically soon, babe,” Leo said.
Realistically soon afterwards, the BMW turned off the main road and into the car park of a small seafront hotel connected to a marina. On the grass behind the small building was a helicopter, engine turned off but with its pilot present, who was smoking and reading a newspaper in the cabin.
“Couldn’t get you a room here, sorry. Woulda been much easier, but they were all booked up with specialists from Diaz.” Leo shrugged.
“Diaz?” Jacky said.
“The drilling company. This is the closest hotel to Oak Island. It’s always booked up. Prices have trebled over the years with the interest in Oak Island, especially since Diaz Drilling Inc came in a few weeks ago. Anyway, enough of that. Let’s take a ride.”
They exited the car. Jacky had to shield his eyes against the sunlight and the wind coming in from across the Atlantic Ocean, for it carried miniscule amounts of grit from the car park.
Leo approached the helicopter, Jacky following. She spoke to the pilot.
“Jacky, meet Danny, our pilot. I know we said we’d lease you a chopper, it’s just that the people on Oak Island at the moment won’t allow civilians to come in alone. Danny’s one of theirs. And they’ve quite kindly allowed him to be borrowed out to us. And I’m sure it’s all down to their kind nature, and nothing at all to do with the grant Marcellus gave them for continued studying of the island.”
Danny and Leo slapped a high five, laughing. “Hop in, Jacky.” 

18
Oak Island
“Tiny place,” Danny shouted over his shoulder, barely heard over the roar of the helicopter’s rotors, “about five miles long and one mile wide. If not for the Money Pit, it really wouldn’t be famous at all. Only one person lives there. It’s closed to the public now, but that doesn’t hurt tourism. No sir, because there’s no shops or anything on the island anyway. In fact, because of this, the tourists have to come to the mainland for shops and hotels and things.”
Staring out the window, Jacky appeared not to be listening, but he was. He was also taking in the scenery below. Between the mainland and Oak island, roughly half a mile, there was a causeway for easier access. It was along this causeway that the latest bunch of treasure-hunters had brought their vehicles and their heavy, modern, expensive drilling equipment.
“Norse adventurers found Nova Scotia about 400 years before Columbus discovered America,” Danny continued. “French explorers set up residence here in the fifteenth century. Since then . . . “
Jacky listened to Danny’s history of Nova Scotia and Oak Island, but had ceased to take things in. He was going over his own mental notes, what knowledge he had acquired over the years. Any archaeologist/treasure hunter worth his or her weight in ancient soil knew at least something about Oak Island’s Money Pit, and since accepting this mission, Jacky had sought to expand that knowledge by reading books and Internet articles on the subject. And with all due respect, he was sure it was information of a more advanced and correct nature than that of a cocky helicopter pilot who’d picked up snippets during a four-week chauffeuring contract.
There were many versions of the tale, and Jacky wasn’t sure which to believe, so he generally accepted the original story he’d heard. A group of boys had rowed out to the island after seeing fires. One of them, Danny McGinnis, had come across a circular depression in the ground, which he had begun digging at. This was 1795; the beginning of the Money Pit mystery.
“And as to who constructed the Pit,” Danny was saying, “that’s another enigma in itself. Personally, I think it was the Knights Templar. . .”
Eight years and a few more digging attempts later, the boys had returned with professional help to excavate the pit, now 30 or so feet deep. The professional help, the Onslow Company, increased that depth to 90 feet, then it became flooded by seawater and they were forced to dig a second pit nearby with plans to connect the two deep down via a horizontal shaft. This second pit reached a depth of over a hundred feet before it too became flooded. The Onslow Company promptly gave up after over half a year’s work.
“- forget army surplus, they know those beasts are gonna be shot down, so they don’t  keep ‘em in such good nick. You want class, you want quality, you try Canadian Department of Forestry surplus fire suppression helicopters. Bell 206 Jet Ranger, best helicopter going, carries a thousand pounds of water. And she’s all mine, oh yes -”
It was 45 years before the Money Pit was next tackled, this time by the Truro Company. They adopted a different technique after their first flooding out; core drilling to ascertain the contents of the pit before excavating it. Bizarre discoveries gained by core drilling forced their efforts to turn away from excavating the Pit as they sought to understand and then combat a new twist to the tale: that the Pit’s treasures were cleverly secured by a multitude of booby traps. These security systems would foil numerous companies that came on the scent of treasure; holes would be dug all over the place, the idea being to tackle the Money Pit from the side. Some of these alternative shafts would be even deeper than the Money Pit, but the Pit itself would not be excavated any deeper until 1897, close to a hundred years since its discovery, when the Oak island Treasure Company reached 111 feet.
“I dunno why, but girls just like me. Louise blames me for that, like I’m supposed to wear a bag over my head or scar my face or something. She’s too jealous, I can’t help it if women find me -”
The Money Pit was by this time considered too unsafe to excavate any further until it was known fully just how deep the treasure was buried and what that treasure was. Numerous companies would come and they would drill deeper and deeper, making many discoveries, some of them good, some of them bad. By 1939, drilling had reached 190 feet. By 1976, it had reached 230 feet. This was achieved using Borehole 10-X, a steel tube 237 feet long driven into the ground to the northeast of the Money Pit. Four weeks ago, Diaz Drilling Inc. had gained permission to attempt the defeat the Money Pit. Two weeks ago they had begun to excavate a new pit nearby. 
“And here we are,” Danny said, and Jacky snapped out of his reverie.
The helicopter had barely touched ground and Jacky was out already Jacky and jogging across the land of Oak Island towards a series of huts on a hill, eager to battle this 200 year-old enemy that had defeated all challengers so far.

19
The three people who met them halfway up the hill introduced themselves. The handsome young one was the technical expert, Alan Bates from England. The middle-aged man was project supervisor, Mike Becker from Germany, home of Diaz Drilling, Inc. The smartly dressed young woman was the company’s legal representative, Sally Beaumont from Ireland. Without being told why Beaumont was here, Jacky knew. 78% of Oak Island belonged to Triton Alliance, as well as a licence granting the company 90% of any treasures buried there. But sure as hell Diaz Drilling, Inc. weren’t here just to dig up and hand over the Money Pit’s treasures to them. The fact that Beaumont was Irish like Marcellus also hinted that she was here to protect his interests, too.
“Glad to have a fellow Brit here,” Bates said, shaking Jacky’s hand.
“Glad to be here. Where do we start?”
With an almost impatient wave of the hand, follow-me-style, Becker turned and walked back up the hill. Instantly Jacky knew this guy didn’t want him here. 
“We haven’t been told much about why you’re here, Jacky,” Bates said as they all followed the tall German.
“Simply to assist. I’m an archaeologist.”
“They all are,” Becker mumbled.
“He hates everyone at first by default,” Bates whispered. Jacky smiled. “You’ll grow on him.”
They reached the top of the hill, where Jacky was finally able to see the site that had lured so many people over the last 202 years. It really didn’t look like much. In fact, apart from machinery and vehicles, he couldn’t see anything.
Sensing this, or reading the frown on Jacky’s face, Bates stepped beside him. He pointed.
“The Money Pit. It’s just a hole a few feet deep now, nothing special. The only proof it’s there is metal supports around the lip. It was filled in the sixties. Today we use two different shafts, one of which you might have heard of, Borehole 10-X, which is just over there, look. See?”
“It looks plain. Don’t get me wrong, I am used to archaeological sites. They lack the charm associated with unearthing history, but . . .”
“I don’t feel that any more. The Money Pit is the buried treasure, the chamber it’s in. Or whatever is buried there, if anything. The hole dug to reach it is just a hole.”
“Can we get inside, please?” Becker said impatiently. He was holding open the door to a hut made completely of corrugated iron that was buckled and weather-worn and seemed totally unworthy of the electronic keypad on the door handle’s lock. 
They filed inside. Danny brought up the rear, and just when he was lifting his boot to step over the threshold he got a palm in front of his face, like a bus conductor saying there was no more room.
“No civilians,” Becker said.
“You’re joking, Mike,” Danny replied, shocked. They were supposed to be friends.
“No civilians, Danny. You know that.”
The door was shut on him. Jacky heard the pilot cursing, then his footsteps receding.
The hut was obviously the brain of Diaz Drilling Inc.’s Oak Island project. A large file cabinet in the corner had papers filling the drawers, which were open. Two walls were covered with photographs of Oak Island, most of them aerial views, all of them marked in red felt-tipped pen. A third wall was plastered with charts and graphs and more photos, these taken from inside the Money Pit and various other shafts. The fourth wall was covered with a giant pin board, upon which were hundreds of little notes and more photos, most of these pictures of various items found inside the Money Pit and at various other locations on the island.
Bates went to this wall as the others seated themselves in plastic chairs, all of which were facing that wall. He reached up and drew down a projection screen. That was when Jacky noticed the ceiling-mounted projector.
“Is this show going to be just for little ol’ me?” he said. 
“It certainly is,” Bates replied.
“Get on with it. Waste of our time,” Becker mumbled. He moved his chair over to a desk and started writing in a pad.
Bates moved to a wall and killed the lights. Using a remote control, he switched on the projector.
“Since he got his dad’s diary, Marcellus has been monitoring everything and anything about this place,” Leo whispered into Jacky’s ear. “I understand that a piece of jewellery you found in France was connected to Nova Scotia. That’ll be how he found you.”
“I did wonder,” Jacky whispered back.
“Any e-mails or anything else, phone calls, anything that can be snatched out of space. Cost him a lot of money to get that aid from the governments of the world, but it worked.”
“And his part in Diaz’s presence here?”
“Eavesdropped on an e-mail. Since the bosses at Triton Alliance fell out and started a court battle against each other, they’ve gone cold on the digging front. Dan Blakenship of Triton still lives here, the only guy who does, but he’s away on a holiday paid for by us. Plenty of other companies have tried to muscle in. Diaz was one of them. Charles Diaz has long wanted to try digging here but never really got round to it. Marcellus helped. Marcellus offered to finance this project and to smooth things over with Triton, who basically needed the money he offered. Now, Marcellus told these people you were coming, but they don’t know the truth. To them, you’re a top-class archaeologist here to advise. You’re scientific support, basically.”
“And you?”
“Just a pretty face. But one Marcellus insisted is present at all times, no questions.”
“You’re here to keep an eye on things, right? I’ll bet as soon as some breakthrough is made, this project will suddenly be terminated. But why not send his own crew?”
“They might wonder at his interest. This way, he’s just a guy helping out. And yes, as soon as I report there’s been a breakthrough, Marcellus will pick up the phone and his men will swoop in and kick Diaz Drilling out the country.”
“Nice.”
During this exchange, Bates had prepared everything, and now he was stood by the projection screen with a wooden pointer, ready to go.
“Ready, Jacky?”
“Only missing the popcorn,” Jacky answered. 
The projector whirred. Slides were displayed; each was jabbed with the pointer and Bates’ voice explained facts. First, a little geography of Oak Island. Here was Smuggler’s Cove, also known as Smith’s Cove; the swamp in the centre of the island; and of course the Money Pit. Next, Smuggler’s Cove in close-up. The pointer jabbed at the map.
“1803. McGinnis and the Onslow Company dig to 90 odd feet in the Money Pit, and there they lift up a wooden platform. After that, water seeps into the pit, quickly filling it to sea level, making the Pit in effect only 33 feet deep. Can’t pump it out, so they quickly realise the water is coming from the sea. I mean, where else? Next year, dig another pit and try to then tunnel across to the Money Pit. Fills with water again. Pit abandoned. 46 years later, 1850, the Truro Company discover five channels cut into the land below this beach at Smuggler’s Cove. Only visible during low tide. Lined with rocks, covered with eelgrass and coconut fibre to create a kind of filter that stops debris clogging them. These channels meet at a bigger channel deeper inside the island. This larger channel slops downwards slightly, meeting the Money Pit, some 500 feet away, at a depth of about 100 feet. Effect? This ingenious trap would flood any hole dug into it, which included the Money Pit. Here, the remains of the cofferdam the Truro Company tried to build to block the water; here, remains of an older dam found when they were building it, proving someone earlier had made the same discovery and the same analysis.”
More slides. Jacky watched. Out the corner of his eye, he saw Leo playing with the calculator on her watch.
“The next idea was to intercept this flood channel by digging a new hole. It didn’t work. The Oak Island Association missed the flood channel and gave up. When they next tried to tunnel over to the Money Pit from a new shaft, both filled with water. Then came the Oak Island Treasure Company. They worked on a second pit, called the Cave-in Pit, which they thought might have been a vent shaft designed by the Money Pit’s creators. This flooded at 55 feet. They then tried to dynamite the flood channel, hoping to block it that way. No such luck.”
“Hey, get this!” Leo whispered, pleased at something. “If you fill the screen with eight ones and times it by one, it counts up to eight and back down to one. Same with nine ones and ten ones. Or four, or five. Wow! Cool!”
Jacky smirked. Such a kid.
“1899 and a second flood channel is found. Oh yippee. It surely meant that the first was not a fluke, not a natural occurrence, although the design of it kind of proved that anyway. Second channel at South Shore Cove. Lots more holes, lots more failures.”
“I’ve been alive for roughly 489,600 hours,” Leo said. “Cool.”
Jacky quickly did the maths, an approximation. “28, eh? So was I last year.”
More slides go past. “1965 rolls around and Bob Dunfield builds the causeway connecting Oaky to Novy and brings in bulldozers and a big crane to try to block off the water, while trying to dig into and block off the South Shore flood channel. And to dig a whopping hole which might have destroyed buried treasure. He discovers a shaft that has been refilled, one not previously known about. Refilled by the designers, maybe? At first thought 45 feet deep, later it is deepened to 90 by Daniel Blakenship, who set up Triton Alliance, who we have to thank for Borehole 10-X. During digging of this shaft, they find cavities. Now, limestone is known for producing holes underground, but these cavities were artificial.”
Leo thrust her watch into Jacky’s face, blocking his view of the projection screen. It was upside down, the dial illuminated. She had typed in the numbers 07734; read upside-down, and in that particular font, they spelled the word HELLO.
“Hello you, too,” Jacky whispered.
“1997 and the former owners, Triton Alliance, sell up to the Canadian Government. And in comes Diaz Drilling Inc. to fix up Borehole 10-X, extend it, and hunt treasure.”
No one had noticed Becker rise from his seat and cross the room. As soon as Bates was done talking, Becker snapped on the light, which stung everyone’s eyes, and hauled open the door.
“I have calls to make. Why don’t you show him around?” He meant Bates and Jacky, Bates and Jacky realised.
“Sure thing,” Bates said.
Jacky told Bates to wait a minute and went after Backer. He caught the German striding away down the hill. Called his name, and was up close and personal by the time Becker had turned to face him. Their faces were inches away.
"I don't want grief from you, Becker. Are you the school bully, asserting himself from day one? We're here for the same job, and I'm not even getting paid."
"I've heard of you, Adam Jackson. I've heard about some of the archaeological finds you've made and the way you sometimes risk your life to do it. If it weren't for your embarrassing social actions, I'd probably shake your hand. But you're like the Sid Vicious of the archaeological world. And I'm not going to shake your hand because I think you'll eventually bring the wrong kind of media attention to this island. So do your unpaid job and don't hinder mine."
Becker turned and left, and Jacky was left standing there. He'd planned to put Becker in his place with a few barbed sentences, but it was Jacky who felt like a reprimanded child. And gutted. Sid Vicious of the archaeological world? He'd always imagined himself more of a Jim Morrison. 

20
Becker remained in the hut, making calls. Beaumont went off to another hut to read files. Leo went off for a walk and to make a cell phone call to Marcellus, who would be requiring an update. That left Jacky and Bates alone to walk around the area that had seen so much activity over the last two hundred years. Back then it had been a lush land of oak trees, but now it was a life-barren landscape filled with machines and the holes those machines and others had dug. Fencing and signposts littered the area, as if this were some prize exhibit in a museum. Apart from the museum part, it was.
They walked to the Money Pit. A small hole, not even fifteen feet wide, in the side of a tiny hill. Strangely, the most heavily fenced-off area wasn't the actual site of the Money Pit. It actually contained the Heddon shaft, named after its excavator. The real Money Pit was to its right and didn’t have half its decoration. Perhaps, Jacky thought, this was to fool anyone who might come to destroy the shaft as a publicity stunt.
Jacky tried to imagine a 200+ foot shaft inside that hole; tried to picture a treasure being lowered into it by the Knights Templar, or thieving pirates, or men hired by Francis Bacon, then remembered Marcellus’ story and snapped out of it. A hoax; a decoy no less.
Bates was talking. “Right here stood the tree that intrigued Danny McGinnis to dig here. A branch overhung the depression, a branch with rubbing marks on it, as if made by a pulley system used for lowering and raising from the Pit. Two hundred odd years ago a group of highly skilled people came to this island carrying treasure. They spent what would have been weeks digging a pit, then hid their riches in the bottom and covered over it, laying a series of platforms and sealants. Then they built a flood channel to foil anyone hunting the treasure. Then they carefully cleared away their tools, just as carefully as they had worked, for they left no trampled land, no clue at all, all of it designed to give the impression that nothing had happened here. Then they somehow cleared out as secretly as they had come and worked. This island was not undiscovered back then, it was actually split into plots, this one called Lot 18. A masterful plan, executed with perfection, a treasure hidden from the world. But why bury it over 200 feet deep? Why leave a stone 90 feet deep with an inscription claiming two million pounds was buried below? Why put an oak platform ten feet deep, when this would surely make someone think something was below? Why build flood tunnels that would stop them getting their treasure back? Why go to so much trouble to hide it, yet leave a depression that looks as if digging has gone on, and a mark on a tree branch that even nosey kids would be curious at?
Jacky looked at him. “Are you a sceptic?”
“I’m a scientist, not a treasure hunter. They see fantasy, I see fact. We have books and files for you to read. Read them, and then we’ll see what you think?”
“You don’t even think just a hoax then? You think there’s nothing here?”
“The hoax may have been the original wooden platform at 10 feet. But I would have left a better clue, and not dug so deep. No, I think three boys started digging because they thought there might be treasure, and their minds played on it, and when they came back as men, their adult brains believed the story their kid minds had created. It grew from there. You’ve surely heard all the theories. Everything from the Incas to the Vikings. Each explorer who comes here believes one or the other or invents a new one. Currently there’s Mike Becker. He’s opted for the Francis Bacon one.”
“What’s that?” Jacky knew already, but wanted a fresh voice to tell it
“That Shakespeare’s plays were actually written by Francis Bacon. He buried them here to stop people finding this out. I mean, how daft? But say that to Becker, and all he says in return is some crap about how the original manuscripts were never found. I mean, if that’s how it works, we’ll soon have people here looking for Shergar.
“Read the files. Read my own analysis of the soil of this island, the limestone bedrock, and the sea. Then we’ll see what you think. Now, come on, let’s go meet the lads; they’re due to start the next phase soon.”
As Jacky followed him away from the Money Pit, back towards the huts, he thought Bates might just have a point. But then what did that say about Marcellus?  

21
Borehole 10-X was situated 180 feet north of the Money Pit. 60 feet east of Borehole 10-X was a new shaft, simply called Lucy. Charles Diaz had named it after his daughter’s newborn baby, just a week old now. He didn’t know that it was a joke amongst the workmen, who delighted in the quips like, “Going into Lucy’s hole today” every chance they got.
Lucy had been excavated directly above one of the artificial cavities discovered away from the Money Pit. These days, Borehole 10-X was unstable, becoming increasingly so, and leaks had been discovered recently, seawater seeping in, a scary thought for the men who went down the 230 foot shaft. A decision was made not to tunnel into the cavity from the bottom of Borehole 10-X and instead to concentrate on obtaining it via a new shaft. Hence Lucy’s birth.
Jacky, Bates, Becker and Leo were by Lucy’s side now, watching the men work. There were about fifteen of them, all highly skilled drillers, yes, but not a one of them with knowledge of archaeology. That was left to the resident bone digger, Dr. Abraham Ritch, another German and possibly the only man who got on well with and was respected by Becker.
The drill they were all fussing over was a customised CP-50 Skid Mounted Core Drill. Powered by a Duetz BF6M-1013DX engine, it towered almost 15 feet above Lucy, penetrating her to a current depth of 133 feet, at 1250 rpm, and she bore its 65,000 lbs of weight well, without a groan.
Three men were grouped around a monitor, pointing at something.
“The cavity seems to be empty,” Bates said to Jacky. He was studying the feed from a camera deep in the earth, but the quality was poor.“But it may be flooded. It seems wooden-based at the top and bottom, but the sides are free. Easier to come in from the side, because the roof would hold. That’s the problem doing it this way. If the roof is drilled through any wider, it may collapse and fill the cavity. I’m not a big fan of this idea.”
“You’re technical adviser,” Jacky said. “Say something.”
Bates didn't look happy about this idea. Jacky suspected it was Bates' fear of Becker. “Angled tunnelling isn’t something Diaz drilling can do. They don’t have the equipment. They could do it laterally from the bottom of Borehole 10-X, but she’s on her last legs. That’s why Triton gave up on her.”
“And you say this is a fresh shaft, not one that was dug and filled in?”
“That’s right. Most likely, the wooden floor and roof are naturally deposited. See, that’s something else people haven’t thought about. All these artefacts that have been found, they’ve all been assumed as property belonging to the designers of the pit. We have coins, tools, all sorts of stuff. But it could just be debris from previous attempts to dig up the treasure. Things gets dropped all the time. Hell, I lost my watch here yesterday. Will that turn up in fifty years’ time?"
Jacky looked around. At the machinery, at the men. It suddenly annoyed him that nothing seemed to move quickly. He wanted things to happen. He wanted to go make them happen. But he tried to calm himself and focussed again on what Bates was saying.
“The soil deep in this island isn’t solid. Natural cavities occur in the limestone, and hydrostatic pressure from the sea can force water into them, force them to collapse, which in turn might force open other holes - after all, the soil that fills one hole must come from somewhere else. It can happen miles inland, and the Money Pit is only 500 feet from the sea. So perhaps debris from other excavations has been swirling and moving about down there. The wood could just be coincidentally placed after a shift, that’s all. Hell, perhaps whatever treasure there might have been has also been shifting about. It could be a hundred feet that way, or this way.”
“Could be,” Jacky mused. He recalled what Bates had said earlier, about hunting fact, not fantasy. Jacky too was logical, not a dreamer; however, he was also, like most who came here, a treasure hunter, and therefore often liked to dream. He just didn’t want to believe such a fable as the Money Pit was just that: a fable.
“Christ!” came a sudden shout from one of the men before the monitor. Then came equally upset sounds from the massive drill, which promptly began to shiver. Something was wrong. Men quickly moved about and it was shut down. Becker rushed over to them, shouting, demanding to know what was wrong. Jacky and Bates approached.
“Cheap piece of shit!” Becker exploded, storming off.
“What is it?” Bates asked one of the men.
“Camera dropped out. Drilled right through flex. Caused a short.”
Bates turned to Jacky; they moved away, letting the men work.
“There’s a hollow shaft through the centre of the bit for feeding wires. This morning we encountered a small hole so we dropped the camera down, out through the jaws so it could move around. Nothing special down there. They’ve just continued drilling, but the head of the bit was left open. Three jaws that should have been closed must have been open slightly, and the camera must have fallen ahead of the bit, probably because it hit another hole, and now the drill has gone right into it.”
“So what does that mean?”
“It means the show is over for today.”


22
Lunenburg County
By the time Jacky got settled in a hotel room, it was early evening and just starting to get dark. And to rain. 
Having a room in Halifax, many miles from Oak Island, was not practical, he had decided. Calling Leo’s mobile, he had insisted she drive him to Lunenburg, where Jacky directed her around the streets until they found a house that had been converted into a three-room hotel. Small, cheap, and close to the action. Perfect.
Leo had offered a nightcap, but Jacky refused. Not because he was resisting her advances, he explained to Leo’s saddened face, but because he wanted to read through the things that Bates had given him. This Leo accepted.
Jacky had booked a room and gone up. The owner, a one-armed Argentinean who had fought in the Falklands War, made him a hearty supper that Jacky accepted gratefully, but insisted on recounting his highs from the war, which the archaeologist didn’t enjoy. Didn’t he realise Jacky was English?
Once upstairs, Jacky had undressed and climbed into the fluffy single bed. With the lamp on and the curtains open so he could watch the rain on the black glass whenever he needed to think. And now here he was, reading.
First Jacky went over the physical aspects of the Pit. They certainly hinted at buried treasure, despite Bates’ misgivings. A rim of carefully laid flagstones across the 13ft wide pit. 10ft down: a layer of oak logs, and again every 10ft down all the way to a depth of 90ft. Since sea level was reached at 33ft deep, the designers had had to install a water-tight seal; this they did with a layer of charcoal covering the logs at 40ft, a kind of putty at 50ft and coconut fibre at 60ft.
After 93ft, serious flooding meant that any further discoveries would have to be by core drilling. At 98ft-103ft, a spruce platform, then more oak, some metal, and spruce again. Some thought the wood and metal were chests filled with treasure.
A little further down, drilling reached a metal layer protecting a cavity. When this was drilled through, the platform collapsed, and all the soil and water above it dropped roughly 15ft. Any treasure the cavity might have contained was destroyed.
126ft and drilling discovered more oak and metal, but this was likely the destroyed platform originally located higher up, before the collapse.
At 130ft, it seemed, the designers had suddenly decided it was time for another watertight seal, this time a major one. They filled the pit to a depth of 154ft with a mix of blue clay and sand. Below this was a cement vault about seven feet high. Below it, another 10ft blue clay seal and then an iron plate at 171ft.
At 190ft there was a layer of rocks and gravel. Natural substances found deep underground - wow! Someone had claimed they were foreign to that land, but no photo was ever produced showing the words “Made in Taiwan” on the rocks. Jacky was with Bates on that one.
At approximately 237ft there was discovered a cavity that supposedly contained the Money Pit’s treasure, although this was at a separate location. But other digs had produced similar cavities, each purported to contain something of worth. That was the problem, Jacky thought. Just as Bates said: there had been so much damage done over 200 years to the area around the Money Pit, the underground was a labyrinth of cavities and shafts; nobody was even sure any longer where the Money Pit was actually located. Today there basically was no Money Pit, just the prospect of something buried somewhere at the eastern end of Oak Island.
Jacky rubbed his eyes, feeling tired but not sleepy. He thought. Beneath the surface of Oak Island was limestone and that made for the presence of natural cavities. The original Pit could have been destroyed by subterranean movement, which would explain the presence of oak and metal and other unnatural substances at locations apart from the Money Pit, but . . .
It posed another question, though: how on earth was he going to find whatever Lawrence Marcellus had buried there.
Whoa, boy, remember one thing: it was a decoy. Who says there will be anything buried at all? Perhaps it was just a little pit designed to give the impression that there was treasure buried. So that whoever dug there would continue to do so for 200 years and still, even with modern technology, not excavate the truth.
That didn’t make sense. Too elaborate for a decoy. Too far-reaching. Lawrence Marcellus only needed to distract the world from his real activity for a short while, until he could unearth Mudammiq’s tomb. And why had he never promoted the Money Pit as the location of the tomb? It had taken the discovery of a depression by a teenager to bring the Pit to light. Why had it been kept so secret if it was meant for the world?
Jacky didn’t know. And the hour was late. He turned off the lamp and tried to sleep.


23
Jacky couldn’t sleep, and spent the next hour staring at a rough-edged, old piece of paper by the moonlight coming in the window above the head of his bed.
The piece of paper was part of the package given him by Marcellus, supposedly a page torn from Lawrence Marcellus’ diary. Crisp and grimy, it showed an illustration in pencil, faded, almost invisible. Two straight lines running parallel with horizontal lines connecting them, rather like a sketch of a ladder. There was a number “18” inside the “ladder”. The bottom of the drawing ended where the paper was torn. But could this really be a quick illustration of the Money Pit, drawn by the man who supposedly designed it? The jotting down of a mental image not yet formed fully, the horizontal lines depicting the platforms that would later intrigue diggers so?
The only other mark on the paper was a small L, for “Lawrence” no doubt, above and to the left of the Pit sketch.
He thought of the guy called  Patrick, the fellow that Marcellus had mentioned. The guy who fashioned the bone necklace. In Patrick’s diary, which Jacky had skimmed through, there was nothing of note to this quest, nothing at all about the Money Pit. Mostly it contained his thoughts and actions. He read how Patrick travelled all over Nova Scotia during the first two weeks after they’d arrived (“they” were never described, but Jacky assumed it meant Lawrence Marcellus and the rest of the group), and how he had gone digging at a place called Joggins. Jacky knew that Joggins, near the Bay of Fundy, was the site where the world’s highest tides constantly eroded the cliffs and frequently revealed new fossils from the Carboniferous Period. There was no mention of his finding a fossil that he scraped away at to reveal bones he would use for a necklace, but then why should there be? Patrick wasn’t to know that his jewellery would later become so famous. 
No mention of Oak Island, though. And only scant reference in the diary of Lawrence Marcellus. Obviously Lawrence Marcellus had feared his diary would be read by others and hadn’t wanted to risk their discovering the truth, so he had kept all knowledge of the Money Pit in a mental journal. Wise.
Reaching over his head, Jacky stuck the piece of paper to the wet glass. That would probably ruin a major clue, an important piece of antique paper, and annoy Theodore Marcellus, but he was too tired to care.
Five minutes later his eyes snapped open. He just couldn’t sleep. And now he knew why. For an adventurer like him, research was not done naked in a bed. He could feel his mind clogging up, rusting.
He got up and got dressed.


24
Oak Island
Jacky ducked low, pressing himself into the sand, avoiding the guards’ torches. There was a grin on his face that belied his beautiful looks. This was the kind of face expressed by a man enjoying the touches of a woman. Jacky found skulduggery in the night much more arousing than sex, however. The thought of sneaking up on a man who has a gun was much more appealing than the thought of a woman seducing him. In that respect, one might almost think his beauty was wasted on him. 
He had dressed in Lycra jogging bottoms and a tight black T-shirt and training shoes with thick black socks. Tonight’s action was all about comfort and ease of movement, not appearance. He wasn’t planning to be seen, anyhow. The final piece of equipment was an item that he wrapped in a plastic bag so it wouldn’t get wet.
After leaving the hotel, Jacky had gone to the Marina to hire, borrow, or even better steal, a boat. He had come across the perfect thing for stealth, a Rover 280RIB, a Rigid Inflatable Boat. He had piloted this sort once before during a boating holiday in Colorado. Medium V fibreglass hull and transom with moulded anti-skid fibreglass deck. Problem was, he would have to row it because it would kill his mission instantly if the outboard motor was heard echoing across the water by the guards on Oak Island.
If he had wanted, a quick call to Marcellus would have accorded him the permission to take a stroll around Oak Island, but that would have taken the fun out of it.
The boat had been tied to a pier support post. Dropping into the water, he had played with the tight rolling hitch knot around the post, easily defeating it. It seem that the same gods who had made that part so easy didn’t want him to lose too much energy, for they had provided him with a pair of oars in the boat. He had scooped them up and begun rowing out of the Marina.
He kept a good distance from the causeway to the island, correctly judging that it would be guarded. The man who patrolled it occasionally swept the beam of his torch out across the water, but this was only to relieve the boredom and not because he’d heard Jacky splashing away with the oars.
He had hauled the boat onto the beach, the very same one that had divulged the ingenious drainage system that filled the Money Pit with water, and thrown shrubbery atop it to conceal it. That had been when the two guards had appeared on the crest of the beach, aiming their torches down in his direction, forcing him to dive into the sand and outwait them, for they were only routinely checking the shoreline.
Once they had gone, Jacky got up and brushed off most of the sand. He sensed something behind him and turned. A large yacht was passing by. He could see people dancing on the deck and could hear faint music. A boat party. Perhaps that was what had attracted the guards; just making sure none of the partiers decided to trespass.
He ran up the beach, ducked low and peered over the crest. The guards’ backs were to him as they walked away, laughing and joking.
Because the past two centuries had seen incessant and violent action around this part of Oak Island, the land was half-dead for flora. To the left and right, and far ahead on the other side of the island, there were thick expanses of oak trees, which of course was where the name came from. But ahead the land was bumpy, grassy and rocky and mostly barren. After the crest of the beach it dipped, then rose again to a maximum height of 33ft. Jacky found it hard going to follow the guards without cover of trees, but follow he did, keeping low to the ground and freezing every time there was a pause in their conversation. He couldn’t actually see them, just the light from wavering torchess, which thankfully never once came in his direction.
A shrill horn and a raucous cheer from off to the left, almost inaudible due to the distance, sent the guards running in that direction. Old Smith Cove was that way; perhaps the people on the boat had come ashore to continue their party. If so, that was good, for it would keep the guards out of his way.
The area around the Money Pit was bathed in bright white light from the spotlights lining the eaves of the thirteen huts that composed the complex. This was the first time he’d taken a proper look at this part of the island. Given the Money Pit’s fame - or infamy - one would have expected something a little more romantic, more practical and more business-like. It just looked like any typical dig area he’d ever been at.
Washed by light, Becker was plodding around the area, scratching his head, reading from a notebook. Perfect, Jacky thought. The item in his rucksack he’d brought in the hope of playing a kind of joke on that very man. It had just been a funny idea, but now it seemed he could play it out. Might as well. For a laugh.
Becker was alone out here, which made it easy for Jacky to creep around. Every time Becker's back was turned, Jacky darted across the land and ducked behind a fence or a knoll. At one point while he was running towards the Heddon shaft, Becker tripped slightly and turned to see what had caught his foot. Instinctively, Jacky jumped, diving over a low wooden fence, hitting the sloping, rough grass hard, tumbling over, rolling, out of control, his breath caught in his throat as he waited for darkness to overcome him, for the ground to disappear, and for his screams to echo as he tumbled down the large shaft, breaking bones against the hard walls until his body smashed many feet below. But he came to a stop a good five feet from the triangular entrance of the shaft.
He lay there, staring at the gaping black hole, listening, waiting for Becker’s shout, for his face to peer down from over the fence. But nothing happened. Jacky peered over the fence and saw Becker making his way up the curving path towards Borehole 10-X, having heard and seen nothing.
Quickly Jacky was up, climbing the hill, climbing over the fence, running up the path towards the largest hut in the complex and the one behind which was Borehole 10-X. He pressed himself against the hut wall, knowing that he was hidden because the lights above would sting the eyes of anyone who looked towards him. 
Hugging the wall, he moved around the hut until he was at the side that faced Borehole 10-X, and Lucy. 
Becker was knelt by Lucy, studying a series of graphs that had been compiled by the Golder Association for Triton Alliance years earlier. Never made public, the reports composed by the Toronto firm of geologists showed that there were indeed secret chambers far below the topsoil of Oak Island, any one of which could contain treasure. They had also suggested that the frailty of the land meant excavating these chambers was nearly impossible, for all the same reasons that previous attempts had failed, most prominently flooding. But Becker was a man obsessed. He believed in evolution: if those who had designed the Pit could not split the atom or send men into space, then no way could they devise a construction that would foil future generations’ attempts to excavate it.
He set his mind on the graph, and consequently did not see Jacky creeping around behind the dark, silent, solid core drill.
Jacky approached the steel behemoth carefully, quietly. Currently the drill bit was removed from the ground, the auger displayed so workmen could fix it. It was caked in dirt from a hundred and fifty feet below the surface, but the jaws were wiped clean and open. Jacky took off his rucksack.
He thought of Becker's reprimand, the Sid Viscous remark. Embarrassing social actions, he'd said. The guy had been referring to the kind of stunt Jacky was pulling off right now. He felt see-through, predictable, and it should have made him turn back, rethink his actions. It just made him angry and more determined, and he pushed on. Fuck Becker.
Two minutes later he left the area. Once out of sight, he planned to explore the rest of the island. But he no longer wanted to go running and hiding. Tell the truth, he was getting tired.
Retrieving the RIB, Jacky rowed back to the mainland.

25
Lunenburg County
When Jacky got back, he stripped off, planning to go into the shower to wash out the sand that was in his hair and inside his clothing. Instead, he flopped face-forward onto the bed, staring at the darkened window, at the piece of paper that had slid down a couple of inches, turning slightly to the right. As he stared, two things happened. One, his eyes slowly began to close, sleep forcing the lids down. And two, the picture on the paper began to appear different to his mind. In his dreams that night, based on the newly disclosed aspect of that 243 year-old sketch, Jacky Jackson would solve the riddle of the Money Pit.
But for now, he just slept.


26
Oak Island

7:31a.m
Barely awake, the workmen working at Oak island are preparing for another day’s drilling. Lucy is penetrated. The camera, safely inside the jaws for the drilling part, shows the progress of the cold, unmoving auger as it is lowered quickly down the shaft. Becker watches the monitor. Each time he watches the smooth walls of the shaft for things he missed the time before. Each time, nothing.
7:34a.m. and the auger touches the bottom. But Becker does not issue the order to begin drilling. Instead, he moves closer to the monitor, studying the grainy black-and-white picture, trying to work out what he is looking at, for it certainly isn’t soil.
A lump of some kind, roughly oblong-shaped, covered in mud. He grabs up the remote control, twisting the focus dial, trying to see better. Paper. Yes, now he can see. Bits of paper littered around the floor of the shaft and around the auger dug into the soil. Focus, you sod!
Workmen come to see also, alerted by the apprehension smeared all over their boss’s face. They too see paper. They too try to read what are now obviously words printed on it. A couple of words are made out.
The.
Art.
Is.
The breath catches in Becker’s throat as he makes out part of a dirt-covered fourth word:
Capu. As in Capulet. As in Romeo Capulet.
The remote slips from his grasp, dropping as fast as his jaw. The workmen are still trying to read the words, but Becker is staggering back, shocked, unable to breath. A vision of fame, of people saying God He Was Right All Along, flashes through his mind, and then suddenly he is pushing at his workmen, screaming at them to get the auger out, to grab that muddy lump in the drill’s jaws and bring it up, NOW! 
7:38a.m. and the auger finally pops free, dripping wet mud. A workman is shoved aside as Becker moves quickly forward, dipping his hands into the mud, trying to force open drill's the jaws, shouting for someone to open them even though they are opening. He snatches the muddy lump out, cutting his hand on the jaws as he does so , but he barely notices. People gather round. Becker shakes and wipes off the mud, and now they can all see he holds pages of a book, pages and pages, and they realise that their boss was right all along about what was buried here, because as he cleans it, he reads from it, his voice shaky, and even those who don’t know the story have heard of Romeo and Juliet, perhaps Shakespeare’s most famous work. Or, as Becker always claimed, Francis Bacon’s most famous work.
And now, as they begin cheering, Becker included, he is wiping the manuscript all over his shirt to clean it, and at about the same time that he recognises that the manuscript is actually a professionally printed and bound book, he sees the front cover, sees how modern it looks, sees the Penguin symbol on the spine, sees the title: Penguin Classics Series: Romeo & Juliet, and then sees red.
Rage consumes him in a flash and his fists fly, knocking down the nearest man, who considers jacking in his job and returning blows before quickly letting this feeling subside, and then Becker is cursing and storming away, promising that the culprit of this joke will be fired. 
8:41a.m. and Becker’s undiminished wrath is taken out first on two workmen, whom he fires for no obvious reason other than that they were on a tea break, then a little later his anger unloads on the group of people that Jacky last night heard partying on their boat. Deciding to check out this Oak Island treasure lark, they land at Smuggler’s Cove, but barely get to the end of the beach before Becker has all nine of the teenaged American boys and girls thrown into the sea, and their yacht stoned until it is out of range.
11:22a.m. and Becker’s ears prick up at the sound of an engine echoing across the island. Climbing on top of a hut, he watches a convoy of vehicles coming across the causeway that connects the island to the mainland. These rough-terrain vehicles come towards his site. Two trucks, eight cars. Dumbfounded, he watches as the vehicles grind to a halt on the edge of the site and at least thirty people climb out. 
Out of the lead car steps Jacky Jackson. Becker's rage intensifies at the realisation that everything bad currently happening is Jacky’s fault. He does not see the scientists who flock into his huts to take over, the workmen who cast aside all his tools to make space for their own, the engineers who begin to dismantle his drill like army ants round a dead mouse, devouring it.
Jacky Jackson, dressed for this sunny morning in long khaki shorts and a green T-shirt top, comes towards him, staring up at him, waving a sheet of paper. Now Becker notices that sod Leo and his own man, Bates, beside him.
His contract terminated? He hears this from Jacky’s lips. And more. Leave? What is all this? his confused mind asks. He is being kicked off the island? Him? Mike Becker, project director? Balled up, the sheet is thrown to him. Standing atop the hut, he catches it, opens, reads. Or rather, just looks. At the signature at the bottom, Charles Diaz’s signature on a letter. Now reads. Cancelled funds; mission over. He needs to read no further. Once more a ball, the letter misses Jacky’s face by inches. Jacky doesn’t flinch.
Down he comes, planning to smack that unflinching face. Now it moves, lightning quick. At first he thinks it is the momentum of his heavy fist, having missed its target, that drags him forward, toppling onto his face in the dirt. Then the growing pain in the back of his head says otherwise; as does the sight of that Bastard Jackson rubbing his palm, having caught it funny on Becker’s skull.
And what is this now, his own security guards helping him up, now escorting him away? Traitors! One more thing, Jacky calls to him. Becker looks round, while still being dragged away. A small one-armed Argentinean man at the Nova Hotel is owed $6.95 by Becker? What on earth can this man Jackson be talking about?
“For the gap I had to make in his book collection,” Jacky says, and Becker, now realising, roars like a wounded tyrannosaur.

27
Leo and Bates followed Jacky into the same hut they’d used for Bates’ report yesterday. Jacky crossed to the flip-chart and turned to a new leaf. He began to draw on it in black marker; Bates watched with glee and anxiety, unsure still of what to think of what Jacky had told him over the phone an hour ago - that he had solved the riddle of the Money Pit. Leo, however, had already had it explained to her, so she could inform Marcellus, and now sat picking dirt from under her nails.
Jacky drew a version of the illustration from the torn page of Lawrence Marcellus’ diary, including the letter L in the top left corner.
“The Pit? Bates said.
“A cee-gar for that chap,” Leo remarked. 
Jacky ripped the page from the chart and held it before him. Bates just looked at it, not sure if he was supposed to speak. Jacky just stared at him.
Finally he shrugged. “I give up. What am I looking at?”
Jacky tiled the large sheet of paper clockwise as Bates looked at it, until the L that was in the left top corner was directly over the sketch of the Pit. Now the L looked like  a chevron and the Pit was tilted at 45 degrees.
“There’s your Money Pit,” he said. 

28
By darkfall, they were ready. Jacky and Bates had spent most of the afternoon going over photocopies of reports and graphs from the Golder Association’s 1971 survey, cross-referencing that information with everything else they had. 
Jacky had outlined his findings, although he refused to disclose his source as being a diary written by the supposed architect of the Pit. Whatever treasure was buried here, it was indeed deep underground somewhere around the area where Danny McGinnis discovered a depression in 1795. The original shaft dug did not go straight down, though; it ran diagonally at 45 degrees then turned back on itself, again at 45 degrees, until it was directly beneath the starting point, effectively creating the shape of a V on its side, a chevron.
“That makes sense,” Bates had said. “Anhydrite and limestone make up the underground of this place. There’s going to be a hell of a lot of whopping water-filled holes down there. It seems the designers knew this and tunnelled around them. But could the Pit really be a pair of perfect straight lines? It would be like trying to get through a minefield. You’d have to zig-zag all over the place.”
“Possibly,” Jacky said. He liked this guy and really did want to share what he knew with him. However, he couldn’t give up his source.
With this new idea about diagonal shafts, Jacky had gone back to the diary, hoping to read things differently. And it had worked. Words and terms that had meant nothing the first time now had more important meanings. Lawrence Marcellus had referred to “stairs” and to “digging bases” without actually mentioning the Money Pit. Carefully filtering out what was relevant, Jacky had quickly painted a picture of the grand plan hatched in Lawrence Marcellus’ mind.
He had determined that not only was a diagonal, zig-zagging pit the only way to run deep enough without hitting one of the many water-filled pockets that would flood the tunnel, it also made for a more secure treasure vault. If anyone did happen to decide there was something buried, they would invariably choose to tunnel vertically. And even if they chose the correct location, there would inevitably be solution caverns in the way to foil any chance of excavation success. The plan was ingenious, really. 
Ironically, the naivety of a child had foiled Lawrence Marcellus’ great plan. Most geological experts were now agreed that the original depression discovered by Danny McGinnis had been nothing more than a sinkhole. Oak Island had many, the Golder reports said. The famous Cave-In Pit was one, created in a rumbling moment in 1878. When it was discovered to be above the flood channel from the sea, treasure hunters believed it to be man-made. The sinkhole discovered by Danny McGinnis had long caved in by 1795; a tree that had fallen into the hole when it was created accounted for the so-called “oak platforms” he and two friends discovered; the depth variations of 10ft were imaginary, for the wood was littered at all kinds of intervals, 3ft, 21ft. Completely random.
The charcoal and putty discovered at 40 and 50ft respectively were naturally deposited; the coconut fibre at 60ft was coincidence, nothing more than submerged trash from a long ago visit to the island - for coconut fibre was, back then, common as a wrapping for boxed items - that had been claimed by the sinkhole.
However, the iron and wood discovered at roughly 125ft were deposited by man, Jacky believed. There was a clue in the diary. Its discovery was pure fluke based on digging begun by a boy who’d found a filled-in sinkhole. His curiosity had set in motion a chain of events that would eventually unearth a secret buried in 1754, many years before McGinnis came with a shovel.
“I believe the Money Pit is not a straight shaft but a series of steps,” Jacky said. “Each step is a hollowed chamber of specific size, joined to create a diagonal of boxes. Either they descend from a place that allows them to avoid all the caverns underground or they go around one when it appears. In effect, this is the most secure way. Any chamber beneath a natural flooded cavity will be safe, because any tunnel dug down from above it will of course tap into the cavity first, and flood it. This is what has happened with every single one of the hundred or so shafts dug into this island.”
Bates was flicking through documents, comparing graphs and statements with the facts in his mind.
“I don’t know. It’s a nice idea. Just a bit far-fetched for two hundred years ago. Who had the technical capability?”
“I don’t think I want to start discussing the technology of Egyptian pyramids and Mayan observatories at this point. Let’s just assume two hundred years isn’t that long ago in the great scheme of things, okay?”
“Even if this is right, where would we start digging? And then there’s the fact that any number of these ‘steps’ could have collapsed by now, especially with all the digging that’s gone on in this area. I mean, remember the causeway? Well that was built by a guy so he could bring in a big crane, and with that he dug a pit 100 feet wide and 140 deep. That would have destroyed many of your ‘steps’.”
Jacky shook his head. He crossed to the dartboard and plucked out a dart. “Look at the map, look at my calculations. Do the maths. Each chamber, or step, needs to be big enough to allow men to work, right?” Jacky had already done the maths himself, based on something from the diary. In describing a bathroom he was having built, right at the start of the journal, months earlier, nothing to do with the Money Pit, Lawrence Marcellus had stated that for comfort a man had to have room twice his height and three times his length; anything less and fear of enclosure would set in. “We’ll say a man stands six feet high. Let’s add another man to his shoulders to give room for swinging a pickaxe or some other tool. And let’s say as a rule of thumb we add yet another man for the length. That gives us a chamber 18 feet long by 12 feet high. Now, let’s say that we take the spot where the iron and wood were haphazardly found in the Money Pit. That was 125ft, roughly. So we’ll say it was chamber number 10. Now, let’s count outwards, 10 chambers. 10 times 18 equals 180.”
Jacky approached a detailed map of Oak island on the wall. He measured off roughly 180 feet from the Money Pit with a compass and drew a circle. The line passed over -
“- Borehole 10-X!” Bates exclaimed. “Are you saying Triton discovered it?”
“By accident perhaps.”
“But it could be anywhere else along that circle line.”
“Let’s pretend that the iron found in the Money Pit at 125-odd feet was part of the outermost chamber, the one located at the sharp  point of the chevron. If the chambers return the same way for the same distance, how deep is the final one, the one right beneath Borehole 10-X?”
Bates calculated. Then he rose and approached a wall, the one covered with photographs. He stared at one. It was a still taken from the footage of a camera that the Canadian Broadcasting Commission  lowered down Borehole 10-X in 1971. The grim, grainy picture was of poor quality, the light on the camera barely able to penetrate the thick watery gloom. Shapes were visible: what might have been a wooden pillar, some chests, and what was famously thought to be a severed human hand, just floating there.
“No offence, Jacky, but you’ve been here two days and you claim to have cracked it. Are you seriously saying that this water-filled cavern is actually the elusive Money Pit? This gloomy cave?”
The truth came out of him before he could stop it. “We were never supposed to find treasure, Alan. Whatever is in those chests is a reward for anyone lucky enough to find it, but it isn’t what this is all about. The people who designed this thing were too professional to be off  by such a distance. That cavern is at roughly 235ft, and we’re looking for 250.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m  The Money Pit, which I doubt contains anything like money or treasure, is underneath that chamber.”

29
Borehole 10-X was not perfectly vertical. While its lowest point reached the gloomy water-filled cavern over the real Money Pit, its surface entrance was 13ft removed from the point where the workmen sent by Marcellus started digging. 
They hit iron in just five minutes. By darkfall, just forty minutes after they’d begun, they had unearthed what looked like an iron coffin for a giant, 3 feet wide, 12 deep, and 20 in length. The extra two feet were so that the iron vaults could overlap, allowing passage from one to the next through a trapdoor that swung downwards, while still extending 18 feet outwards each time. Jacky and Bates had missed this point: that if the vaults were stepped, bottom corner of one connected to the top corner of the one below, how on earth would a man pass from one to the other? 
A workman yanked on the handle and then kicked at the trapdoor. The door dropped open and foul, stale air escaped, making the workman who stamped the door open retch. His partner, stepping forward, shone his torch into the hole, revealing emptiness, four grimy grey walls. A rope ladder extended down from a point of the ceiling just inside the trap. He descended into the vault.
Above him, fifty faces crowded round the 6ft deep hole, blocking out the moonlight. When he reappeared through the trap, emerging from the blackness within like a ghoul rising from the grave, he was met with a dozen questions. When he remarked that there was a similar trapdoor in the floor at the far end of the vault, he was asked a dozen more.
That was when the men in black moved in.
A team of nine wearing black suits and thick padded coats, they were highly trained men sent by Marcellus to control what Jacky had known would be a tense situation should the Money Pit ever be found. Jacky stood back and watched as these men systematically moved everyone away. They were led away from the site as one of the men hauled open the rear door of a four-wheel-drive Land Rover and started pulling out equipment. Leo appeared, smoking a cigarette. Lately, she seemed to be taking everything in her stride, as if having already read this script a dozen times and knew every detail, everything that was happening or was going to happen.
“What’s going on?” Jacky asked, but he already had an idea.
“Everyone’s going to a restaurant to celebrate, courtesy of Marcellus. A privately hired one, where they won’t be able to tell their stories. They’ll be watched there and at the hotel we’ve arranged for them and even all day tomorrow if it takes that long.”
“If what takes that long?”
“Getting whatever’s down there, covering this whole thing up and getting the hell out of here.”
Some of the men were changing out of their suits. He saw tools and helmets with flashlights attached. The work here was supposed to be over for the night, to resume tomorrow morning. Jacky now knew that was not the case. Marcellus had brought in a bunch of tough-looking professionals and they were going to work in secret right through the night. He suddenly feared he would be next to be escorted off the island.

30
Of course, that didn’t happen. Why Marcellus should feel he was the best person for the job just because he had stolen a bone necklace, Jacky didn’t know. But it seemed he was Marcellus’ favourite player in this game. Leo spoke with Marcellus on the phone, then returned to report that Jacky was in charge. He accepted, then immediately afterwards handed the operation over to Bates, who was delighted that his views would now finally be heard, his instructions adhered to.
Jacky sat in one of the huts that was set aside for leisure, listening to the radio and studying Polaroids taken of the interiors of C-1, C-2 and C-3. These were the names given to the iron vaults, the C standing for “coffin,” which came from a joking remark from one of Marcellus’ men. They hadn’t yet discovered any bodies so that title was as-yet unjustified, but C-3 had contained a broken hammer that was even now flying towards a laboratory in Halifax for dating.
Jacky didn't want more than one guy in any of the coffins at one time, fearing extra weight could cause collapse, so he had delegated a guy as Photo Collector. This guy had to make his way down and back up each time the guy far below, Joe Carter, said he'd taken his photo.
C-4 had been breached just a few moments ago, and the photograph was yet to be delivered to him. However, the coffin must have been empty because otherwise his radio would have crackled into life. Normally he would have wanted to be right at the action so he could see any discoveries first-hand, but he wanted to spend the time reading over Lawrence Marcellus’ diary and making further notes.
Remembering the radio, Jacky turned it on so that he could keep a constant ear on the proceedings. The voice of the man systematically making his way deeper and deeper underground was three parts static to one part vocal chords; he sounded like a robot whose voice box was malfunctioning. Still, Jacky could make out his words okay. He was giving a running commentary of his every action, his every sight, but there was nothing of worth happening. That deep, the light coming through the traps would be extremely faint indeed, the subterranean gloom barely shifted aside by the ray from his helmet torch. There wouldn’t be much to see. He almost pitied the man, even though he had volunteered for the assignment.
Four vaults down. Sixteen to go. Deeper and deeper. Six more before the halfway mark, which the Oak island Treasure Company had unknowingly reached in 1897, and which the Oak Island Association had unwittingly destroyed thirty-six years earlier when they accidentally collapsed the Money Pit and flooded it.
Somehow, the hiss of static was soothing, like a lullaby. And like a lullaby, it put him asleep.
When he woke later, there were extra photos in his lap. Someone hadn’t wanted to wake him. He rifled through them. C-8 was the last. On one of the walls of C-7 someone had scribbled something, some kind of sum. It was probably just someone working something out, it wasn’t meant as a clue or a puzzle. Still, the man down there had considered it important enough to photograph.
He checked his watch. Carter had been down there almost three hours. It seemed like quite a long time, considering that all he had to do was open a few trapdoors. Still, three hours to get a hundred feet underground really wasn’t that bad.
His voice was still coming through on the radio, now quite hard to understand because the hissing and static had intensified with the increased depth.
“- okay, done here, opening trapdoor to C-9 -“
 Jacky heard a creak as the trapdoor was hauled open. Heard heavy breathing as the man descended the ladder. His microphone was attached to his helmet, meaning he didn’t have to operate a button to speak; his transmission was constant.
“- walls. This coffin sways with my footsteps, sways slightly. Loose soil, perhaps? Walls are colder to the touch than the others. Perhaps due to seawater, perhaps seawater is outside -“
Jacky tried to picture a ship, Lawrence Marcellus’ ship. It would have to be big, very big. Each of those vaults was solid iron, many tonnes in weight each. And he had buried twenty-four of them. How big a ship would that take? How many men would be required to carry them? How long would it take to bring twenty-four of them 500ft inland? How long would the whole process, from landing to leaving, take?
“- this trapdoor stuck. The seal seems slightly damp. I’m going to use the crowbar. Going to try -“
Something fell into place in Jacky’s mind. Like anything that falls, one moment it is at one place, the next it is elsewhere. That was how it happened. One moment the realisation was not there, and the next it was at the forefront of his mind, and he was snatching up the radio.
“Stop!” Jacky shouted into the radio. “Don’t open that door, don’t open it.” He let go of the TALK button, hoping to hear the man in the vault respond. Instead, Bates’ crackly voice was asking him what was wrong.
“Stop him, Alan! Don’t let him open that trapdoor! Christ, can’t he hear me?”
“He’s got his radio secured open on talk. No, he can’t. In case something happens and he can’t activate the talk button. That how we -“
Just then Bates’ voice was drowned by a strange sound. It was like a thud, but not a solid one. There was a half-scream, half-grunt by the man whose name was Carter, then nothing but hissing as his radio died, the transmission gone. Jacky dropped his own radio. He was out the door before it stopped bouncing on the wooden floor.


31
Everyone gathered around the pit was silent, watching, staring down at the open trapdoor of C-1, shocked by the sound coming from inside, a kind of rumbling. Nobody could think straight enough to even guess what it was.
Bates and a couple of others were stood in the right place to see down at an angle through the trap and to the trap at the far end of the floor of C-1. Their jaws dropped as they saw dirty water burst through the trap, swirl about inside the vault and then recede slightly, settling finally, flooding the first foot of the vault. This was sea level.  The Photo collector was down there, soaked to the knees, frozen with fear.
“What the -“ the man closest to Bates began, then was cut off as Jacky rushed into the action.
“C-10, dammit! They destroyed it by drilling more than a hundred years ago!”
“My god!” Bates said, staring down into the pit. He was talking to Jacky, but Jacky had gone, moved over to the Landrover, where he was fumbling through the gear in the back. “That means when he opened the trapdoor he let the sea in. The bloody sea! It’s flooded.”
“No shit,” one of the men by him said.
Jacky was back, a diver’s air-talk strapped onto his back, fumbling with the straps to tighten it, one hand clutching a torch. “He can’t last long!”
He jumped into the hole, landing with a resounding clang on the roof of the vault. The echo carried in the night.
“Jacky, what are you - you can’t!”
“He’s blind down there. The force of the water might have knocked him out cold.” And that was all he said. He dropped through the open trap, rushed to the far end of the vault and disappeared with a splash through the second trap, into C-2, far above what he hoped would not be a watery metal coffin for real when he got there.

32
Six people have so far died trying to unlock the secrets of the Money Pit, the most expensive treasure hunt of all time. 1861: the boiler powering a steam pump explodes, scalding a man to death. 1897: a rope slips from its pulley under the weight of Maynard Kaiser, plummeting him to his doom at the bottom of a pit. 1965: Robert Restall is overcome by carbon dioxide fumes and drowns at the bottom of a pit; during their attempts to rescue him, his son Bobbie and two workmen are also lost. There was a rumour that the death count had to reach seven before Oak Island would surrender; Jacky was determined that that fateful number was not going to come tonight.
The murkiness of the water was the scariest part of all. During his descent, he twice got his air tank jammed in a trap, but even those nervy moments didn’t match for fear effect the sight of his torchlight penetrating only a couple of feet. It was as if the light particles were being eaten away. As he descended and the pressure became greater, making his head throb, as if the things eating his light were trying to swallow him, too.
At one point he caught his hand on a trap as he was pulling himself through, and the torch slipped away from him. Panicking, he reached for it, but his fingers missed. It dropped out of sight, the twisting light swallowed by the black water in moments. Suddenly he was blind and the walls seemed closer and the water colder, and the trap was a mouth clamped around his waist, a mouth belonging to a monster that would hold him here until his air was depleted. 
He broke free, swimming frantically down, hands scrabbling before him on the cold surface of the lower coffin. He couldn’t even see his hands.
Then his hand closed over the torch, fingers searching, pressing the button. If it was broken, he was dead.
The light came on. A burst of courage and adrenalin coursed through him.
What seemed like minutes later he was reaching through another trap when the light illuminated a haggard face, full of fear, which coughed bubbles at him. Carter had resisted death for probably two full minutes, but upon seeing his salvation he had submitted. His face creased as he took in water. How horrible it must be, Jacky thought as he shoved his mouthpiece between his gnashing teeth, to try to draw in breath and receive only water.
He had to throw his arms around Carter and squeeze tight to cease his thrashings. After a moment or two, he apparently realised he was breathing air and not water; his movements calmed. Their hug seemed to bond them, even though they couldn’t see each other’s face in the murky water.
Jacky raised the torch to his face so the man could see it. He nodded his head upwards, then aimed the light into the man eyes to see the man’s response. Realising this, Carter also nodded his head.
The swim upwards was tough because only one man at a time could pass through a trap and they had to keep swapping the mouthpiece between them. But at least there was no rush this time and that allowed them to remain calm, which in turn allowed them to perform better, more professionally. They were not so disoriented that they forgot to make the necessary decompression stops during the ascent.
When Jacky’s head burst through the surface of the water, his body halfway through the floor trap of C-1, arms grabbed him. The iron vault was filled with men stood knee-deep in water, men who hauled the pair out of the water and lifted them, fed them through the ceiling trap into yet more arms. Carter lay on the ground and coughed and coughed. Jacky sat there, watching him, feeling nothing. Men slapped his back, congratulated him, but he did not proud that he had saved a life: that had been his plan and success was expected; only failure would have elicited an emotion from him.
Bates tossed Jacky a towel.
“Get these two something hot,” he called. “And a medal for this chap.”
Jacky got to his feet. “Keep that tea warm for me. I’ll be back soon.”
“You aren’t going back in there!”
“Why else are we here, Alan?”
“After what just happened? Are you insane?”
“Don't listen to my ex-girlfriends, Bates,” Jacky answered with a grin.

33
This time the going was much easier. He was wearing a neoprene wetsuit to ward off the cold, a flat, internal air tank so he wasn’t encumbered, and a facemask with a powerful mini torch on each side so his hands would be free. In a utility belt around his waist were items he thought he might need.
The going was quick; in only just over a minute, Jacky had reached C-9 and the floor trap that Carter had unwittingly let the sea through. Cautiously, Jacky poked his head through, looking left and right, the powerful pair of torches on the side of his head illuminating everything clearly.
He was looking into a natural cavern. The walls were rough rock and soil. This was the original Money Pit, long ago collapsed. In the roof of the cavern he could see a hole, the result of core drilling, that he knew rose to the surface.
Hoping that the cavern wouldn’t collapse around him, Jacky pulled himself out through the trap and floated in the murky water, careful not to let any of the wood and mud floating all around him bump his facemask or mouthpiece. He could see that a good portion of C-9 was exposed, rock and soil having been loosened away from it over time by the water. If the decay continued and the chasm expanded, soon that vault was going to come loose, just like C-10. It would fall to the bottom of the chasm, just like C-10, which he could see below him, buckled from the fall, roof ripped open by the drilling of many years ago. 
Because this was the point where the descending line of vaults doubled back on itself, the middle of the chevron, C-11 was twelve feet directly beneath C-9. The bottom of the cavern was much lower and C-11 was exposed as much as C-9 was. The chasm was some forty feet in height, but it was thin, tubular, and it was the walls that held the exposed vaults in place. Jacky floated in the space where C-10 should have been. He hung there in the black water and in his mind played the scene of so long ago as the drill sunk by the Oak Island Association hit the submerged iron vault, tearing through it, dislodging it, sending it crashing to the bottom of the cavern with a water-dulled, resounding thud.
C-9 and C-11 still swayed slightly in the movement of the water. Somewhere in this cavern was a vent that led directly to the sea; the movement was caused by the tide.
Pressing on with his business, Jacky swam to the roof trap of C-11. The trap was at the opposite end to where it was on all the others. For the backtracking journey at the bottom half of the chevron, the vaults had been laid in reverse.
This was the first time he was seeing and touching the exterior of one of the vaults, and he was surprised at the extent of the rust. Great chunks of it came away as he brushed the iron surface. He almost thought he might be able to dig his way right through to the inside.
Of course, with so much rust the trapdoor was never going to open without help. He turned the handle and then tried bashing the trapdoor, but his movements were slowed by the water and thus without power. Soon, though, the trapdoor submitted and slowly began to give. 
Jacky removed from his belt a tool he’d thrown together while up on the surface. It was simply a metal rod with wire tied around the middle, about five inches’ worth dangling free, looped at the end. The idea was to place the rod across the trapdoor, hook the loop over the handle and kick open the trapdoor. The wire would stop the trapdoor opening any more than five inches when the water rushed through, and thus stop Jacky being sucked through the trap and smashing his bones 12 feet below. Once the vault was fully flooded, he could open the trapdoor and go through.
Using this tool, Jacky made good progress. There were no more surprises involving watery caverns or missing vaults. In just under half an hour, he was swimming through C-20, the final, lowest vault.
The trapdoor in the floor of this vault was the final doorway to the Money Pit, or at least to the chamber that held the only treasures - or not - buried on this island. Jacky’s hand closed around the handle, but didn’t yet turn it. He pulled the small video camera from his belt, about to turn it on. Then he replaced it. It was selfish, he knew, but his spirit couldn’t be denied. And it was his spirit that wanted him to view the secrets beyond the door first, alone.
Despite the fact that the exterior of the trapdoor led into a flooded cavern, there was not enough rust to seal the door shut. It dropped open at his shove. 
Jacky Jackson entered the Money Pit.


34
Jacky floated in the small chamber, turning his head, looking, evaluating. He could only see whatever was captured in the thin twin beams of light from the torches on the side of his facemask. Working this way made it hard to evaluate the exact appearance of the chamber. It was like seeing segments of a picture and trying to envision the thing in its entirely.
He did get a fair idea of the place, though. There was a metal sheet against the roof, connected to another on the floor by a thick oak beam. Jacky guessed this was a makeshift pillar in case of collapse; the engineers of the Money Pit had known fully how pliable was the land of Oak Island.
The chests shown in the video taken by the Canadian broadcasting Corporation way back in 1971 for Triton Alliance were against one wall. Jacky swam over, passing the pillar. He put his hand round it and pushed for extra momentum; the pillar wobbled, the upper metal plate grating against the rock. Jacky felt the shifting, saw the rock grains floating down from the roof. They were like black hailstones in the light from his twin torches.
Jacky ran his hands over one of the chests. They were small, made of wood with raised metal rails and an arched lid. He tried to open one. Locked. He pulled a hammer from his belt and struck at the lock. The water made his movements slow, but there was enough force to cause a reaction, although not the one he expected.
Instead of busting the lock, the blow snapped all four rotted stiles, or legs, and the heavy chest crashed to the floor. Even though the distance the chest dropped was only a few inches, the weight of it was enough to send a boom resounding around the chamber and to dislodge rock dust, which swirled about around Jacky like a curious gas. It was so thick that even the powerful torches on his facemask couldn’t penetrate it.
Jacky was still, waiting until the cloud dispersed. Slight claustrophobia began to set in, quickly eroding as visibility returned to him.
When the cloud was gone, Jacky found himself staring not at three chests but at two. Puzzled, he leaned closer, squinting to see better. The place where the third chest had sat was bare. It was gone. No, wait, what was this - a hole? He moved closer, peering down. A hole indeed.
He remembered his own theory about a chamber below this one. The weight of the chest crashing to the ground must have sent it through the thin floor and into the chamber below.
Jacky poked his head through. Hardened to surprises and shocks as he was, even Jacky Jackson could not help but let out a yelp as he found himself staring at a face, a human face with teeth bared, a face that was coming towards his, a pair of arms reaching for him, fingers grasping.


35
In the salt water, the fleshy arms of the body were floating, the movement of the water giving movement to the hands, making them appear to be reaching, feeling. Jacky stared, letting his fear subside, remembering the video image from 1971. It had also shown a floating human hand, cut off at the wrist. He did not know how the hand had gotten from one chamber to the next, nor did he know yet to which of the many corpses below him it belonged.
They rested on the bottom of the chamber in a haphazard pile amidst debris composed of rocks, wood and tools. There was nothing else in the chamber. Just bodies, at least fifteen of them. Skeletons wrapped in torn clothing, some still retaining flesh not yet fully eaten by the salt water. Every one, he could see, had a smashed skull. Despite the gruesome scene below him, Jacky smiled. He smiled because the last piece of the jigsaw had just been inserted.
Fighting off his revulsion, he hauled himself through the hole and swam into the charnal house, down into the murk. From fifteen feet above the pile of corpses, the beams from his torches had widened enough over the distance to illuminate the entire horde. As he swam closer, the area covered by the beams shrank. Corpses disappeared into the gloom outside the circular range of the beams. Unseen, these skeletal remains should have posed no threat to his terrified, sickened mind, but the opposite occurred. Unseen, they were suddenly moving, his mind said, breaking free from the mass, coming around behind him, kicking with their bony heels, moving slowly because although in theory there would be less resistance if water passed right through them, through their ribs and mouths and eye sockets - which would mean more speed - they were not as buoyant as a flesh-covered corpse. But Jacky didn’t dare turn to fight them off, because to turn his back on those illuminated before him was to invite an attack from that quarter.
His hand delved into the mass, feeling. It pulled out a small satchel. As he tried to swim away with the satchel, a corpse reached for him, its hand brushing his face. He spat out his mouthpiece in terror. As he fumbled to replace it, the hand fell away, the arm snapped off with ease by the strap around its shoulder. The satchel the dead man had carried came away and Jacky turned in the black water, and there behind him was nothingness, and he swam into that nothingness, away from the dead men coming after him, reaching for him, wanting to pull him down to share with them the remainder of eternity in this hellish tomb.
Jacky entered the chamber above but didn’t slow. He swam fast, hard, towards the exit.
As he reached the pillar, he stopped and turned, composing himself. His fear was just fear, he knew. He couldn’t let it prevent him from doing what needed to be done. From making sure no other poor soul had to face what he had just faced. And to keep secret what Lawrence Marcellus had needed to keep secret all those years ago. And it involved doing something more profound than just keeping his video camera in its bag.
He kicked out at the pillar. It moved. More rock dust came down, partly obscuring his view. He kicked again, and a third time, floating on his back and thrusting with both feet. Finally there was a crack, and the pillar snapped. Jacky swam now with all his strength as first the metal plate and then great chunks of rock rained slowly to the floor. As he passed through the trap and into C-20, he felt it rock as the chamber behind him collapsed. Amidst the rumble, he almost thought he heard the voices of the dead wailing their disappointment at being entombed a second time, this time perhaps forever.

36
Nova Scotia

Late that night, Leo finally found Jacky. He was in a bar, drinking. Ever since he’d emerged from the depths of the Pit on Oak Island early that morning and had quickly vanished without a word to anyone, Leo had scoured the whole of Lunenburg County for him. His landlord at the Nova Hotel didn’t know where he was, he said at first. Only when Leo had returned for a second interview did the one-armed man admit that Jacky had sought his advice on the best bars in town. It seemed the Argentinean hadn’t realised that Jacky wasn’t asking just out of idle curiosity.
“What’s a nice boy like you doing in - actually, this place is okay.”
Jacky turned, saw Leo. She ordered a drink and then suggested they move to a cubicle. The barman reminded them that last orders was in twenty minutes.
Sat in the cubicle, Leo stared at Jacky. He wasn’t drunk, not quite. She studied him.
“Sorrow drowning or celebration?”
 Jacky stared back. “Both. I’m sorrowful about the fact that I’m celebrating.”
“I think I’ll take that to mean you saw unpleasant things down there today.”
The satchel removed from the tomb was slung around Jacky’s shoulder. Leo didn’t really notice it until he plonked it on the table before her. She gawped wide-eyed.
“I thought you didn’t find anything? This is from that pit, isn’t it?” She opened it, felt about inside. There were papers and things inside. She spread a few on the table. Jacky watched, seeing on her face all the same expressions of delight that surely had played on his earlier when he’d made his own analysis.
“Marcellus was right then,” Leo said. “Not entirely a decoy. The Marcellus family ego is hereditary. Old Lawrence couldn’t resist leaving a few clues.”
Sarcastically, Jacky said, “Oh yes, he left a few clues alright.”
Leo was so wrapped up in the things spread on the table that she missed this remark. Jacky was glad. 
“You look like the cat that got the cream,” he said.
“Just happy for the boss. This means a lot to him.” She stared at something she lifted carefully between thumb and forefinger. Age and water had made it very fragile. “So explain to the laywoman in me. What is all this stuff?”
Jacky explained.
“And you worked this out how?” Leo asked afterwards
“I had scientific help. A phone, a fax machine at the nearest library, and a good friend of mine at the University of Cambridge.” 
“Marcellus will build you a statue the size of Lady Liberty, Jacky. Lady Jacky, he’ll call it. Lord Jacky. This time next year, pigeons will be pooing on your head.
“Marcellus wants to let animals crap in my hair. I’m flattered beyond words.”
Leo pulled out her mobile phone. Jacky put his hand on it, also touching her hand. “Tell him tomorrow morning. No rush. The night is young. Let’s celebrate. More drinks.” 
Leo snapped her fingers above her head. “Waiter, two bottles of your finest fermented vegetable juice,” she called.
“Last orders’s just gone,” came the barman’s drab reply.

37
Leo proposed they go to her hotel room where they could enjoy immensely strong Polish vodka, which she had acquired a taste for now that it had almost permanently numbed her tastebuds.
The alcohol sounded good, but Jacky didn’t want to ruin a good, growing friendship by being in a place where she might get ideas. So he offered instead a visit to the beach - with the vodka, of course.
Crescent Beach was almost deserted at this time of the night. The only the other occupants were a man and his dog, which limped along in the sand on three legs, the fourth, left back, a short stub, wrapped in bandages.
Jacky and Leo found an old makeshift raft of logs and rope trapped in the sand and hauled it away from the water. It was wet, but better than the sand. They leaned back on the cold wood and stared into the sky. The moon was invisible behind dark clouds.
“You have a girlfriend?” Leo asked, handing Jacky the bottle.
Usually when he didn’t want to answer a question, the person asking received a smart remark. This time - maybe it was the vodka, the night air, the events of the past couple of days, the prospect of the adventure to come - he just gave it straight: “Don’t spoil it, Leo.”
“You have any pets?”
“I have goldfish.”
“Goldfish? Hardly good company for a cold winter’s night.”
He sensed her trying the girlfriend question again, this time coming in at an unprotected area like a lion attacking from a gazelle’s blind spot. “I do have someone back home,” he relented. “Nothing serious. Now, a new subject, please.”
“Okay. Wanna go to a private party?”
He turned his head to look at her. Her own head was raised, her eyes on the sea. He looked, too.
The boat he had seen earlier, the one full of partying people, was out there, lights blazing like the aurora borealis. It was a sleek Broward 113, made in 1995. 114 feet, with a beam of 23 feet. Powered by twin Deutz TBD 616-16 engines, it could reach speeds of 23 knots. It was 8 berth, but there were a lot more people than that on deck, dancing, drinking. The music was loud - Jacky couldn’t believe he’d not heard it before now.
Leo sat up. “Music. Drink. Men. And drink.”
Jacky laughed. “I guess you don’t have a boyfriend then.”
“Don’t need one. I have a loving St. Bernard back home.” 
“And I bet his barrel’s full of Polish vodka.”
“What better to wake up a hypothermic skier? Come on.” She climbed off the raft, staggering from the effects of the alcohol - 79% volume.
“What? Where are we going?”
She got on her knees behind the raft and started pushing, but it wouldn’t move; it was held tight by the wet sand and by Jacky’s weight.
“Help, man.”
Jacky rolled off the raft, already feeling giddy. He too knelt behind it and gave it all he had. He laughed. “This is daft. We’ll get lost at sea forever.”
“Don’t be silly. We’ll wash up on some undiscovered dinosaur-filled island somewhere. You'd love that, bonedigger.”
And so, they heaved the raft into the sea and climbed aboard. Until they had distributed their weight evenly, the small craft rocked and bobbed as if it was battling rough waters instead of what was really as smooth as a black mirror.
The pleasure yacht had its engine turned off, but they hadn’t weighed anchor; the natural movement of the sea was taking the boat away from the raft faster than Jacky and Leo could paddle towards it. When the gap had widened so much they thought they’d never catch up, and the distance back to shore was too great to attempt against the tide, Jacky and Leo got a little scared. Leo because the water was cold and black and deep; Jacky because he was getting quite drunk and didn’t trust his swimming abilities, which were normally excellent. They raised their arms into the air and waved them wildly, shouting.
Someone on the deck of the yacht pointed; seconds later a spotlight was blinding them. The yacht's engines fired up. Mere minutes after that, a ladder was thrown down and Jacky and Leo climbed aboard. Drunken,  topless young men crowded her, fussing over her. Five drinks were thrust at her. 
“Shipwrecked?” one asked.
“Here for Oak island?” another said.
“Wanna shag?” a third asked. Leo kissed him on the cheek, not wanting to upset anyone. 
Leo got straight into the swing of things, guzzling beer and dancing with men; Jacky followed suit - except for the dancing with men part.
The partiers, all law students out of New York on a holiday, were camped at nearby Plum Island, where they had erected a small tent city. Oak Island had seemed like a good place to visit, but they hadn’t realised that it was closed to the public. Entry via the causeway had been blocked by a locked gate with a sign: “Private/No Hunting or Trespassing/Danger”; landing at one of the coves had resulted in first a warning, then the second time forcible ejection. So they had picked the neighbouring island, much smaller, and pleased themselves by sailing around Mahone Bay, trying to see with binoculars what was going on around the Money Pit.
“You were part of the dig, weren’t you?” a handsome, tanned individual named Jeanette asked Jacky later when they were on a beach of shingle on Plum island, about an hour later. Everyone was coupled up, either romancing or just talking. Jeanette had recently split from Darren, who was further down the beach, roasting sausages on the fire with Leo. Jacky couldn’t help but feel disappointed that Leo had shifted her attentions from him to this new lad, who was blonde and muscular.
“I’m sworn to secrecy about that,” Jacky said. 
“Oh, come on,” Jeanette said, refilling his glass from a bottle of wine. “You can tell me. I’m a law student offering legal advice about treasure salvage rights. I’m sworn by the attorney-client act. I’ll be disbarred if I tell.”
“You aren’t even a lawyer yet.”
“Well, as soon as I pass the bar, they’ll disbar me. Tell, tell, tell.”
“No, no, no.”
“Well you have a choice. You tell me or you kiss me.”
“We found the Lost Ark of the Covenant.”
“Come on.”
“Which we used the Spear of Destiny to open.”
“Ho ho.”
“And inside, the Holy Grail.”
“Fancy a massage?”
He did, surprisingly. The alcohol was getting to him. He was not yet feeling horny, and hoped he wouldn’t, but certainly the prospect of having his aching muscles kneaded by this cute young woman was tempting.
As he lay on his front, moaning softly as his flesh was squeezed, Jacky watched Leo and Darren way across the beach. Darren got up and hauled Leo to her feet by her hand. He led her into a nearby tent. Just before she ducked her head under, she gave Jacky the thumbs-up sign. He laughed.
“What is it?” Jeanette asked. 
“The feisty lioness.”
“Sorry?”
“Nothing.”
The massage was soothing. Jacky felt his worries dissipating with the release of muscular tension. Soon, he fell asleep.

38
When he woke, there was sand in his mouth. He spat it out and got up. He had fallen asleep on his front. Jeanette had gone.
The beach was empty of life except for himself and a man who had fallen asleep with his legs in the sea, a bottle in his hand, make-up badly plastered all over his face as the result of some practical joke. The fire was now nothing more than dying embers. All the tents were quiet and dark, the occupants asleep. The sun was threatening to rise, judging by the red-grey colour of the sky.
Jacky got to his feet. He swayed slightly, still a little drunk. This early in the morning it was very cold and the wind coming in from across the sea was fast, making it worse.
Jacky moved across the beach, through the tent town. When he got to the tent that Leo had entered with the guy, he bent low, listening. Didn’t want to disturb them if they were . . . No sounds. Surely asleep.
He moved one of the door flaps aside and peered in. The guy, Darren, was curled into a ball, sleeping under a blanket. No Leo.
Jacky looked around the beach. There was no sign of her, but where could she be? Surely she wouldn’t have left the island without first waking him?
Jacky moved further up the beach, heading into the dense foliage, pushing through it until he had reached the top of a hill. From here he was able to see over the entire island. Plum island was small and green with sandy patches, totally uninhabited due to its size.
It became obvious that Leo was not on the island.
Jacky looked round, back down at the tent town below him. That was when he caught the movement.
The man who’d fallen asleep with his legs in the sea was slowly slipping further into the water, his arms left behind until they were stretched out behind him. It was a strange sight. It was as if he were sliding down an incline, but the beach was virtually flat and the fact that it was sandy made this impossible anyway. Being pulled? 
As his head went under the water, he stirred, coughing water. Then he went under completely. There was a moment of thrashing, then his body was still, floating on the surface, face-down.
Fascinated, shocked, puzzled, and still disoriented by alcohol, Jacky watched as a black shape emerged from the water, rising, standing. A figure clad in black, wearing a black hood with goggles and something in its mouth, like the mouthpiece a diver wears, except this figure carried no visible oxygen tank.
In the moonlight reflecting off the sea, Jacky could see that the water around this figure and the floating man was somehow thicker, darker. He only realised it was blood after he saw the flicker of metal as the dark-clad figure slipped a blade back into its belt.


39
Jacky ducked. He peered through the foliage, watching with baited breath as more of the figures emerged from the water, walking slowly and carefully but confidently onto the beach. Each carried a short-barrelled machine gun held firmly against his  shoulder, eyes sighting along the weapon, leading with it. Professionals. But what was their mission on Plum island? What did they want with a bunch of American teenagers?
After kicking off their flippers, the men spread out around the tent town. There were nine of them and eight tents. One man left the others to guard a tent each while he crossed the beach, heading in Jacky’s direction, into the foliage, to climb the hill.
He knew instantly what was happening. The man coming at him hadn’t seen him; he was coming to the top of the hill to make sure there was nobody on the other side. Then he would give the order to fire upon the sleeping innocents in the tents.
Jacky felt himself suddenly getting warm as his heartbeat increased, sending the blood pumping faster around his body. That spreading warmth could have been the alcohol diffusing from his body, for suddenly he felt sharp. 
His hands felt on the ground, coming up with a branch. Thick, short, hard - just right.
He lay on his right side on the cold ground, ignoring the sharp stones and twigs that dug into his flesh. The foliage surrounded him, but through the gaps he could see the lightening sky. He knew that anyone looking in at him would see nothing, while he had a clear view.
The black-clad man was coming right towards him, following the same path of trampled foliage that he had traversed. Jacky lay flat, the branch held close-gripped and two handed at his left breast as if he were bench-pressing with it. His right leg was bent beneath his outstretched left, creating an L-shape. Or the Bear-trap, as he called it. 
People trained in the art of attack are expected to know all the tricks, but that’s only when they expect there to be trickery. No man except the most paranoid could ever have expected to walk through foliage on a deserted island and suddenly step into a bear-trap.
His right foot came down inside the L-shape Jacky had created with his legs. Instantly the trap was sprung. His left leg closed, his right extending, swapping places. Left caught him behind the knee, right swept the man's foot backwards from under him. The result was that he fell instantly, crashing through the foliage, landing on top of Jacky. Under better circumstances, it would have been a dream come true. He hardly had to thrust upwards with the branch at all; the assailant's momentum was enough. His nose and goggles broke and he was still, silent. Blood from his crushed nose dripped onto Jacky’s neck.
Jacky froze, waiting. Down below, he knew, the other men would perhaps be looking up the hill, wondering what the sound was, where their boss was. Their stealth was his ally, for he knew they could not risk calling out to him; nor would they open fire until he had assured them the Canadian army wasn’t practicing manoeuvres on the other side of the hill.
Quietly, Jacky rolled the unconscious man off him. He slipped the strap of the gun off the guy's shoulder and then over his own: the machine gun felt light and comfortable to hold. Still, he would have preferred his own pistol.
Suddenly there was a crackle from the unconscious man. An ear-piece. Damn! They were in contact by radio headset; he had under-estimated them.
Quickly now he crawled through the foliage, knowing he didn’t have much time. If the man he’d incapacitated didn’t respond soon, they’d assume him out of action and all hell would break loose.
He moved down the hill, now not caring if he made noise. He had to get low. He would get just one chance and had to try to take as many of them as possible.
Looking through the foliage, Jacky saw that two of the men were in line. He had a plan, but it would require excellent targeting. 
He put the butt of the gun to his shoulder, peering along the sight, targeting the nearest man’s left trapezius at a point right by his neck. He adjusted his position slightly until he had the view he needed. Poof! The silenced weapon, set to semi-automatic, spat a single bullet. The man with his back to Jacky jerked as the round passed through his trapezius, splashing blood over his neck. A nanosecond later the man eight feet beyond him jerked as the same bullet, greedy for another victim, buried itself in his groin. Both dropped simultaneously.
The other assailants turned in the direction of the soft thud from the gun. Jacky crawled for his life as bullets crashed through the foliage in search of him. He was moving too slowly and figured his only chance was to run. So he stood up, giving the men a visible target.
Alerted by the gunfire, the teenagers had woken, were exiting their tents. The assassins fired at them, or beat at the ones who were too close. Hell had broken loose.
Surprisingly, the teenagers didn’t drop like rabbits but fought back, even the girls. Survival instincts? Or were they more than just simple students?
The wind was suddenly fast, tugging at the tents and the girls’ long hair. Jacky stopped; no one was firing at him. He used the moment to sight again. Excellent aiming put a bullet through a rope securing a tent to the beach on the side the wind was coming from. The tent flipped up, pulled by the hard wind, still secured at the other side. It arced up and over the heads of an assassin and the naked woman who was clawing at him. Perhaps that would buy him some time.
Jacky rushed onto the beach, fired again and another man dropped, a bullet in his brain. Bullets hit the sand by his feet and he instinctively jumped, landed, rolled, came up and shouldered one of the teenagers who was standing frightened like a deer caught in headlights. The teenager crashed into the assassin was who about to put a round through his back. Both went down. Jacky aimed; only one would ever get up again.
A man in black was smashing his weapon’s butt repeatedly into the head of a cowering man who was trying to crawl into the sea. This action flared anger up in Jacky even more than the murder going on around him. The assassin could have dispatched his victim easily, but was instead torturing him and obviously enjoying it.
Jacky ran at him, but he turned, perhaps sensing Jacky's fury, his gun coming around. Jacky tossed his weapon, pushing it away from him as one might a snake that has dropped into his hands. The result was adequate; it hit the assassin’s weapon, and knocked his aim off. The bullet that had Jacky’s name on it went wild.
He crashed into the assassin and they fell into the sea. Jacky pulled at the man’s mask and managed to dislodge his goggles. He forced the killer’s head under the water. The man was punching at him, but Jacky hardly felt the blows. Then his hands stopped, but Jacky continued to rain blows. Too late he realised why; the blade he’d extracted bit into Jacky's arm as he slashed. The blood seemed black in the night, despite the moonlight.
Jacky moved away, fearing a grave injury; the thought of a deep slice through flesh sickens the mind. The assassin stood up and calmly pulled off his mask, revealing himself. He was between Jacky and the beach, blocking his view of most of the carnage. But Jacky could see that the assassins were taking control, subduing the college students.
Jacky and the assassin with the beard and cold green eyes stared at each other. On the beach, a man with a wounded arm raised his gun, aimed at the man who was facing up to his boss, who’d for some reason revealed himself.
Jacky and the bearded man embraced each other, but not in a friendly way. Jacky planned to bite him; it was the kind of dirty move the assassin deserved. But before he could sink his teeth into the guy's bulbous nose, there was a shot that should have gone unheard amongst all the others, but Jacky knew this one was meant for him and perhaps that was why he heard it even above the roaring wind and the screams. Just like the cocktail party effect of hearing your own name amongst the jumbled words of social chatter. There was a thud and his head was snapped back, pain spreading quickly from his temple. As all went black and he collapsed into the sea, his last vision was of more blood, but this time it was not in the sea: it was running over his face.

40
Drumcliff, Ireland

As Theodore Marcellus replaced the phone, blood draining from his face, he knew that the assassins who’d four days ago terminated Jacky Jackson had finally arrived to kill him too.
That they’d taken four days to travel from Nova Scotia to Ireland didn’t puzzle him. For a whole day after he’d heard the news, Marcellus had stayed with his son in the lush lounge of one of his larger planes, circling the skies a couple of thousand feet above the nearest enemy gun. Since then he’d relaxed a bit, begun to think that the people who’d targeted Jacky Jackson had sought him and him alone - a rogue and a womaniser like Adam Jackson had surely made a few enemies over the years. The predicament he found himself in now, sharing his family home with just eight staff and his son in the dead of night, suggested that the enemy had decided to wait before coming at him. If they had figured that the first few days would see Marcellus beef up his security, they had been right. If they had guessed he'd let his guard down after that, they'd been right again.
Clutching his scared little boy’s hand, he crossed the small round room, which was filled with apparatus and amenities, including water, food and a toilet, to allow comfortable residence - “imprisonment”, he called it - for at least a month. He stared out the small, reinforced window, which was too high for his boy to see out. Not that he wanted him to see what was out there in the dark, coming this way. 
They were coming from the front, Jameson, his chief of security, had just informed him. That had puzzled Marcellus; wouldn’t a rear attack, from above, prove to be more profitable?
No, Jameson had said. He explained why.
The house, a 13th century remodelled Carmelite friary, was built on a flattened area cut into Ben Bulben, a 1700ft table mountain, almost two-thirds of the way up. Marcellus had chosen the spot because the mountain blocked any possible attack by missile - a potent if improbable fear of his - from across the sea less than a mile to the west, while radar secreted atop the mountain prevented aircraft from infiltrating surreptitiously, and from this height his men could see any attack coming from the east. For a ground-based intruder, a west approach seemed the better option, for once on top of the mountain the elevated position gave the best chance in a fight. The problem was, the climb to the top from the west side was heavy going, and besides, the flat top of the mountain was wide open and offered virtually no cover. Much easier from the east side, Jameson said. Intruders could mingle in the town of Drumcliff at the foot of the mountain, and there was an abundance of trees that offered cover - not to mention the fact that an east attack meant less legwork because the friary was on this side. Furthermore, attacks were always expected from the rear. It was how you shot someone in the back.
That made perfect sense, Marcellus realised. Down below, his security consisted of nothing but an inner and outer fence at 100 and 150 metres respectively. Up above, on top of the mountain, there were three guard stations along the outer fence, which climbed the mountain and dissected its table-flat top.
Station #2, the centre cottage, was owned by Billy MacArthur, who lived there with his collection of dogs and sold hand-woven baskets at the local market. Marcellus heard MacArthur’s strong Irish voice on the radio now, urged by Jameson to report on any activity at the mountain top.
No activity, MacArthur reported. The Yeats Freaks were still singing and drinking.
Famous Poet W.B Yeats, Marcellus knew, was buried in the graveyard of St Columba, the small church at the foot of Ben Bulben. Yeats’ grandfather had once been rector of this church, and Yeats himself had written a poem expressing a desire to be buried “Under Ben Bulben.”
“Cast a cold eye
On life, on death.
Horseman, pass by,” read the words on his gravestone. Marcellus wished whoever was coming for him would pass right by. But he didn’t think it likely.
Jameson came in the door, wheezing. Marcellus thought he should cut the man’s wage. He was bloody good at his job, but he was able to afford too many pies on what he earned, and it showed in his big, rounded gut.
“Sir, we should get you to the Batmobile,” he said. His face was serious, this situation was serious, but that name just made it all so funny. Batmobile. It was what his son called it, and that was why the name set. A real Batmobile at this moment would have been bloody helpful.
Grabbing his son into his powerful arms, Marcellus followed Jameson out of the room. They ignored the express lift whose shiny steel doors looked so out of place set into age-worn stone. The stairs offered less chance of being cornered.
They went down spiral stone stairs worn out of shape by generations of feet. For all his controlled panic, Jameson still wasn’t able to move his fat ass quick; Marcellus almost wanted to barge him out of the way. 
They reached the first floor and the solid iron shutter. Jameson pressed the switch, which did not need a retinal scan to operate it from this side, and the shutter whooshed up into its sleeve. That was a lethal accident begging to happen. They exited the belltower, which hadn’t had a bell for 96 years, and Marcellus felt the fear rising. The belltower had been turned into a secure vault, a safe room, yet he was being escorted out of it. The people coming for him must be very determined indeed. 
“Daddy, which one’s coming after you?”
Marcellus held his boy more tightly as they rushed along a gallery overlooking a vast, circular hall. Anyone who’d ever been rumoured or known to be a rival, business or personal, of Marcellus's was thoroughly researched and discussed; Darren must have heard a hundred names mentioned and consequently thought every one of those people was a daddy-disliker.
“No one, Chocolate. Bad weather’s coming. We’re going on the boat.”
“Using Batmobile?”
“Using Batmobile. You can ride up front.”
“I like that.”
“I know you do, Choc.”
Down the wide stairs at the end of the gallery, left along a short hallway hung with paintings, through a door that was invisible in a white wall when closed, and down a thin tunnel that was bare brick and concrete floor. At the end was a blank wall. Here was another secret door, but this time in the floor. Jameson pulled up a large trapdoor made of wood but laid with thin concrete in order to blend in when shut, then pulled out a radio.
“Baker, are you there? What’s going on?”
A voice crackled on the radio, echoing in the stone gallery. “Multiple movements. Only make out a couple on the monitors. Sensors say nine. Metal detectors weigh each one in at a few kilos.”
A few kilos. Marcellus didn’t have to be told to know what that meant: the whole reason for the metal detectors was determine if guns were being carried by anyone on the grounds. A few kilos each meant big guns. Machine guns.
“Courtyard?” Jameson barked.
“Nothing yet,” the radio cawed back. “Inner fence breached, though. Few minutes, they’ll be at the house.”
“Get the Rover online. Retransmit to onboard screens, right?”
“Doing.”
“I assume a clear courtyard means a clear back alley for us?”
“Go.”
Jameson stuffed the radio in his pocket and went down the steps that were under the trapdoor, hauling Marcellus with him by the elbow. Marcellus let himself be tugged about like this, knowing that Jameson knew his stuff.
Round the back of the friary, there was a space about fifteen feet wide between the building and the smoothened, sheer face of the mountain. Here there was a hole cut into the mountain wall with a gate that stood open. Just inside the mouth of the hole was a black vehicle, the Batmobile. Really, it was a Land Rover modified to run on electric rails that went deep into the mountain, descending almost to sea level, and emerged from underground over half a mile beyond Ben Bulben. The spot where the rails terminated was inside a decrepit stone cottage by the sea, not coincidentally just a few metres from a sturdy, modern jetty that seemed as out of place here in this timeworn, tranquil and barren land as did the toughened, brand-new steel security fencing surrounding the abandoned cottage.
They climbed in the vehicle. Marcellus strapped his son in the back, leaning over the backrest from his place in the front passenger seat. Choc moaned that daddy had said he could sit up front. Marcellus said he’d forgotten and there was no time to switch places. Jameson took the driver’s seat, although there would be no need to use the pedals or steering wheel or even the engine. All that would be controlled by the touch of a button.
It was a big red button on the modified dashboard, amongst many other buttons, all smaller, none as colourful, that worked the electronic surveillance and security systems of the vehicle and house.
Jameson pressed the big red button. That was all it took. Electricity crackled. The Batmobile began to move, quickly, its great acceleration throwing its three passengers against the back of their seats. Darren glared out the toughened windows, grinning even though there was nothing but darkness to rival an Abyssal plain outside. They were now deep inside Ben Bulben.
Up front, the two men were hunched over the dashboard, scrutinising the small screens. One, which Jameson pointed at, was an infra-red radar display that cleverly used an aerial photograph of the mountain and the house. Three green dots were moving down the mountain, towards the house. The radar, Marcellus knew, was programmed to recognise a specific temperature: that of the three electrically-heated suits worn by the guards who each ran one of the mountaintop guard stations. Any other heat sources would show up white. 
“As we figured, no activity from the top. Shall I let the men approach the house or return to their stations to keep watch?”
Angrily, Marcellus snapped: “How do I know? This is your department. Make a professional decision.”
Jameson pressed a button and then spoke into a microphone set into the dashboard. He ordered the men to continue their approach, but not to enter the house. 
Next, Jameson played with a few controls and a small joystick. Marcellus leaned back in his seat, sighing. He was free, safe, but he had grown attached to that house, and was sure that when whoever was coming got there and found him gone, they’d just trash the place to be spiteful.
“Hello strangers,” Jameson said. Marcellus looked. On a monitor there was a colour image from one of the many auto-iris 6mm cameras, in weather- and shock-resistant casings, that were scattered about the woods directly below the house, just inside the interior fence. Men in black, carrying guns. Six, eight, nine they counted, although the sensors noted the total as eleven. They were swift and stealthy, always ducking behind new trees so that Jameson had to work his fingers fast switching from camera to camera so he could keep at least one of them in sight. They looked like true professionals, here with a do-or-die mission, and Marcellus suddenly didn’t care about his house any longer. He fiddled nervously with the strap round his right wrist, his duress pad. It served no useful purpose here, all knew he was in trouble, but it gave his fingers something to fidget with.
Jameson fiddled with the controls, then sat back. Now the cameras were operated by PIR infra-red sensors, triggered by the presence of heat or by movement. The images changed constantly as any camera that was activated assumed priority. Marcellus couldn’t watch.
The Batmobile slowed, tilted upwards. A moment later it turned horizontal again. Now there was light coming in the windows, light that was just the less-black darkness of the night sky pouring in through the holes in the roof of the crumbling old cottage by the jetty.
Quickly they got out, Marcellus helping his son out of his seatbelt. They went through a heavy metal door, which swung shut on a spring and automatically locked - wouldn’t do to have just anyone waltz inside. 
Now they were outside, half a mile from the nearest bad guy. They rushed across the muddy grass. Jameson unlocked the gate in the fence and they were through, now stood on the edge of Ireland, looking down. Ten feet below, the jetty, and a small but powerful yacht tied there, awaiting them. The boat had been on standby further up the coast, its sole purpose to zoom down here as quickly as possible when the alarm went. Its pilot was inside checking controls and sweating because this was the first ever time he’d had to do this - day-in, day-out he usually sipped tea and watched TV on the deck until he was relieved.
“We have to climb down.”
“There’s a quicker way,” came a husky voice from behind them. Before they could do more than turn their heads - Darren didn’t bother, he was fascinated by the roiling black sea - a figure hit Jameson with a Hollywood feature flying kick in his meaty back. One arm-flailing somersault later, he slammed down hard on his back in the sea, narrowly missing the jetty.
Marcellus stared at the assailant with wide eyes, disbelieving. Darren stared with an intrigued grin, not realising the significance of the pistol aimed at his father’s chest.
Marcellus found his voice, albeit a croaky one: “Jacky!”

41
Jacky wore the water-heated uniform of the men Marcellus employed to guard the top of the mountain. At first Marcellus was going to ask how he got hold of one, then checked his tongue, remembering that this was Jacky Jackson. He formulated a new question: “Did you kill my man?”
Under the cap, which threw a shadow over his eyes so Marcellus couldn’t read them, Jacky smiled. “No. I just put him out.” He holstered his pistol. “A little bit like this -“
Before Marcellus’ tae kwon do-honed reactions could kick in, he was doubling over, wheezing, the result of a spinning kick to his abdomen.
“Daddy!” Darren cried, throwing his arms around his father. This threw Jacky off; his stance weakened. Marcellus sensed this, reared up with a roundhouse kick.  Jacky staggered rather than moved back. He felt the wind from the kick on his lips as it narrowly missed.
They stood there in the night, the frothing sea creating the only noise, squaring up to each other. It was like a scene from some epic martial arts movie, something that Jacky found amusing: “All we need is the tense music. Close-up on Jacky’s eyes.” He squinted, stepped forward. Marcellus was quick. His right leg came up, straight as an arrow, arcing clockwise. Jacky ducked under it, just. Marcellus was ready for this, though: the leg continued round, completing the circle. With a flick of his heel, Marcellus used the ground to bounce his foot right back into the air, now arcing anti-clockwise, returning even faster because the arc was smaller, tighter. His foot caught Jacky right in the temple. The stars Jacky saw weren’t the ones in the sky.
He felt himself hit the ground. Then there was pressure on top of him. The cap came off, a hand pulled at his hair. His face was pushed into the mud, left eye smothered, right eye seeing out across the sea but unfocussed.
Then his face was out of the mud and against Marcellus’ shoulder and the hand in his hair was stroking, smoothing, soothing. Then a voice was speaking right by his ear, loud and booming to his still-disoriented mind:
“Oh God, Jacky, I thought you were dead, I thought you’d been killed.”
The sincerity in voice was the most disorienting thing of all, and it pushed him over the edge, into the abyss, which greedily swallowed him.

42
When Jacky Jackson returned to consciousness, his eyes at first failed to fully perceive his surroundings, and his brain, devoid of information, filled in the gaps, incorrectly.
He sat bolt upright, his head throbbing, believing he had been buried or imprisoned in a tomb. Then he noticed that the walls of the tomb were folded and soft, and patterned, and that the thing he sat on was also soft, with a pillow.
He was in a bed. A four-poster, very luxurious. Red and yellow velvet, and sprigged satin. The walls were nothing but thick woollen hangings pulled to accord him privacy. He pulled one back to expose the room beyond. Originally, bed hangings had been designed to provide insulation against noise and privacy from servants who slept on  straw pallets in the same room. However, this room was empty of other people. Jacky climbed out of the bed.
Someone had stripped the stolen uniform from him; now he wore what he’d arrived in. Tight dark green jeans and a tight long-sleeved black T-shirt, with his brown suede jacket folded neatly and laying at the foot of the bed. 
The bedchamber was a curious mix of new, old and even older. He knew the building was a 13th century friary, and the bare parts of the walls and the ceiling were testimony to this, yet all of the furniture - the bed, dresser, draperies and paintings, and even a real-life X-frame chair derived from the sella curulis (folding throne), which he’d only previously seen on a portrait by William Larkin that was hung in his own house - were from the 15th to 19th centuries. Add to this the modern amenities - TV, phone, stereo - and the result was quite strange yet pleasing.
He was about to exit the bedchamber when the door opened and Jameson came in. He was in a new suit now. He looked like a butler, but Jacky knew he wasn't. Butlers would be liabilities to Marcellus: they couldn’t fight or shoot, couldn’t recognise the telltale signs of imminent danger, and they sure as hell couldn’t keep secrets under duress. Marcellus only had room around him for professionals.
Jameson stood in the doorway and informed Jacky that he was to follow him to see Marcellus. He didn’t look happy. But Jacky wasn’t about to apologise for kicking him into the sea.
He followed Jameson. They travelled down a corridor, across a dining hall, and stopped at a set of double doors at the end of another corridor. Neither man spoke during the two minute trek. Jameson, obviously, was smarting from being kicked into the sea. Jacky was smarting from being kicked in the head, from being put down by an older guy. And he was embarrassed that he'd been out long enough to be brought all the way back here, then undressed, dressed again, and laid in a bed.
Jameson showed Jacky the door then left. Jacky figured he was supposed to go in.
Marcellus was sat behind a large desk in this large withdrawing room stroke study. Whatever he was doing, he stopped it when he saw Jacky. His son was in a carpeted corner, playing on a full-size video game. Marcellus looked nervous, but not because he feared an attack. No, this was something else.
“What is going on, Jacky?”
He glared at him from across the room. “I could ask you.”
“Four days. No word. Where did you go?”
He couldn’t believe his cheek!
“Your spy woman left me,” he said. “And coincidentally, some other people showed up not long afterwards.”
“Who? Have you been with them? Why didn’t you call? What were you doing for four days?”
What indeed! Well, he wanted to say, first I nearly got my head blown off by one of your cronies, but fortunately he was a poor shot and ended up shooting his own man in the head, and said head was slammed into mine, knocking me unconscious. Then I woke washed up further down the beach. After that it was a nice trip back to the mainland, all the time trying to stay hidden. There, the simple matter of stealing a helicopter from a tour company, loading up on fuel and flying halfway across the Atlantic before finding a ship I could refuel at and use the Internet to trace you right here via the sale of the deeds to this place. And all that so I could stroll across the room and choke the life from you.
Except he wasn’t going to do that. Because he was reading Marcellus's tone, his body language, his eyes, and they were unanimous: Theodore Marcellus knew nothing about the attack. Unbelievable as it sounded, Jacky had to accept what his logic was telling him.
That left . . . 
“Where’s your monkey?”
Marcellus simply looked puzzled.
“Leo. Where is she?”
“Leo? I haven’t seen her for two days. She’s with her family, getting ready.”
Ready? “Get on the phone, bring her here. Do it now.” He tried a threatening tone, but it didn’t work. The way Marcellus snatched up the phone, Jacky figured he thought Jacky was preparing to divulge some important piece of information and wanted both Marcellus and Leo present.
When Marcellus hung up, his orders to the aide on the other end given, Jacky said, “Getting ready? For what?”
Marcellus ignored the question. “You sneaked in here, to my home, but why? When we brought you back, the house was surrounded by armed police officers. Jameson had to talk them out of trashing the place and arresting us all. Why was this, Jacky? Why did you come here to attack me?”
Oh yes, the police. He had called them with a claim that guns were being illegally mass-produced and sold at Marcellus’s home, then used the cover of their assault to mount his own. It had been a work of art. First pretending to be one of the Yeats clan singing on the mountaintop, then slugging the sentry who guarded the centre fence gate and taking his suit.
“What were you doing at the jetty? Were you waiting for me? How did you know I’d go there?”
Oh yes, the jetty. The house, he knew, would be too hard to break into, very secure, lots of modern protection equipment. So, after seeing the strange hybrid train/car inside the hole in the mountain, he’d quickly figured it as an escape vehicle and had climbed on top, where the darkness covered hi like a blanket. The trip through the mountain had been like a rather enjoyable, and very scary, amusement park ride. Had had to jump off and hide behind the vehicle when it emerged from underground in the run-down stone cottage.
Marcellus shook his head like a father disappointed in the actions of his young son.
Jacky didn’t care: something was wrong here. People had tried to kill him and it definitely had something to do with this Money Pit and Babylonian king lark.
Unaware he was doing it, Jacky crossed the room and sat in the chair that faced Marcellus’ across the desk. Their eyes met briefly, then Jacky’s travelled upwards.
Behind Marcellus - in fact, everywhere on the four walls - there were large paintings, very well done in watercolours. Most were of a man, a man about Marcellus’ age and with similar looks. But the backgrounds - and the state of the paintings - suggested age, as if they were painted long ago and depicted a  predecessor.
“Lawrence Marcellus,” Marcellus spoke up proudly. “These were painted by his closest friend, Patrick. Yes, that’s the man himself.”
He spoke as if Jacky were glaring in awe. He wasn’t. 
“He was like you, a treasure hunter. A bonedigger. Very respected, quite famous. He always wanted to find the most sought-after of lost treasures. The hanging Gardens of Babylon appealed to him and he promised himself he would find the truth about this wonder of the technological world. His research didn’t pay off in that respect, though it did give him insight into the truth about Shamash Mudammiq.”
There was still a strange vibe between them. Marcellus was forcing the talk, and neither of them felt comfortable with it. It was like the tension between lovers after an argument; except they weren’t lovers, and what had occurred couldn’t in any way be likened to an argument.
“You did it, Jacky. You found the country where the tomb lies. You have taken the Marcellus family closer to that tomb and a better world, as Lawrence did two hundred-and-fifty years ago.”
This praise was supposed to make Jacky forget his anger and smile and say everything was alright. It didn't. He could hear a clock somewhere and knew it was ticking away the seconds until Leo, that traitorous bastard, got here.
“When Leo told me, I was so overjoyed, and proud, too. You might have solved the riddle, but I was the one who picked you. I picked you out of all the possibles, and you came through, you came through for me, Jacky.”
Jacky blinked, once, slowly, and suddenly he was clear-headed. He stood up, his eyes on the larger of the paintings behind Marcellus’ head. He came around the desk, staring up at that picture. Marcellus stood too, wary of his approach because he was still unsure of Jacky's intentions.
“So this is Lawrence Marcellus, eh? Who’s that with him?”
Lawrence and another man were shaking hands on a background that looked like the deck of a ship. The theme seemed to be a deal, a journey, good friendship through the troubles ahead, that sort of thing - at least that was Jacky’s feeling.
“That is Henry Wren, another explorer. Lawrence’s comrade, his colleague.” Marcellus fairly spat the words, as if disliking their taste on his tongue. “They met when Lawrence was to buy a boat from Wren. It was Lawrence’s first attempt at sailing in search of treasure. He didn’t have enough money for the boat, so paid half. Wren accompanied him on the trip out of fear of being robbed of the remainder of his payment.
“Did they both plan to find Mudammiq’s tomb?”
“They went everywhere together,” Marcellus answered, full of pride.
“Does that mean they planned it together? Mass murder, I mean?”
The smile dropped right off the tall Irishman’s face.
“Or was it just your ancestor?” Jacky could feel Marcellus staring at him, wanting to read Jacky's eyes, which deliberately stayed on the painting.“Because I remember you said it was Lawrence who envisioned the great Money Pit decoy.”
Marcellus took a breath. He looked very angry, Jacky noted out the corner of his eye. Jacky remembered the speed of the man's kicks and was suddenly on edge himself, just as Marcellus had been when Jacky came around the desk. Still, he stared up at the painting.
“I mean, you never mentioned this man before now.”
“Henry Wren was a partner, but he wasn’t the intellect of the pair. That was Lawrence. Lawrence did all the research into whatever expeditions they went on. Lawrence envisioned the Money Pit and the great hoax that would allow him and his followers to safely, secretly go in search of Mudammiq’s lost tomb. It was Lawrence who found the location of that tomb. Without him, Henry Wren would have sold his boat to a fisherman and died alone in his bed, a withered old man, instead of as a hero on his final quest.”
Jacky looked at him now, puzzled.
“That’s right. You never did ask why my ancestor never recovered the tomb if he knew where it was. He knew it would be a dangerous journey. His diary was sent to his son from the country of their destination, which we now know is French Guiana. It was sent there with a note inside warning about Henry Wren. Henry Wren was a disease-ridden old fool who succumbed slowly to insanity. The legend says they died hunting treasure. I say Henry Wren killed my forefather and then later killed himself. Wren was capable of murder, my forefather was not. So my question to you is, what the hell do you mean about mass murder?”
The last words were shouted so loudly that Jacky flinched like a little boy. After, Marcellus just stood there, face reddened, chest heaving, staring at him.
Jacky quickly composed himself. The thought of his own near-death at the hands of unknown assassins helped. “If the Money Pit was a decoy to shift attention away from their true mission, then why did it never come to light?”
Marcellus stiffened, not liking Jacky’s tone, and not liking the fact that he didn’t know where this was heading.
“They plan it. They hire a group of African labourers and take a ship containing twenty massive iron vaults across an ocean to Oak Island, where they prepare a decoy that will stand up against two hundred years of technology. It should have been world famous, the tomb of King Shamash Mudammiq. And while the world flocks to this tiny island, your forefather and his partner sail to South America to unlock the real tomb. Why didn’t this happen? Why didn’t they tell anyone? Why did it take a kid playing a dare to discover the Money Pit years later?”
Marcellus’ mouth moved, fish-style. But words refused to come.
“I did some research of my own once I’d investigated the Money Pit, based on things I found and saw down there. I won’t go into detail. Suffice to say, the men hired to build the Money Pit were not Africans. They did not have the correct shape skulls. They were white, most probably Irish. I read some of their writings, from a satchel I took out of the Pit -“
“But Leo said you said there was nothing...“ Marcellus sounded flustered.
“I lied. I saw them because they were dead, all of them. More than a dozen, or two dozen. I read their writings, saw their documents, their plans for the Money Pit. Their plans, Marcellus. They were professional engineers and architects, one even a dowser who helped them avoid tunnelling into flooded caverns deep below ground. They built the Money Pit.”
“But -“
“The plan might have worked, but already, before the Pit was finished, your forefather and Henry Wren were getting paranoid. Too many people already knew the truth. One slip of the tongue and the secret would be out. That was why the story never got out, why the decoy was never made public. It was never supposed to be found once it was created. Because it had suddenly taken on a new purpose. Oh, the original treasure chamber was left as a token in case of discovery - they feared a leak, remember - but the real story of the Money Pit is the bodies below that chamber. The bodies of all those people, all those men who helped your forefather carry out his plan. Everyone who knew about it.”
Marcellus slumped against the wall, his shoulder nudging the painting of Lawrence and Henry Wren.
“A diary is a sacred item, a personal item, so why couldn’t your forefather use it to describe the location of the King’s tomb? Well, he couldn’t just write down the tomb’s location, because the diary might have gotten into the wrong hands. This was the same reason why he couldn’t outright give away tips on how to beat the Money Pit. He’d just killed to protect his secret; how could he possibly allow anyone to quickly excavate the Money Pit and find his gruesome treasure?
“But why not simply dispense with the Money Pit altogether, deny its existence, forget about it? Because the Pit was his way of disclosing the location of the King’s tomb. He knew the Pit was a tough enough problem to resist people for a good many years, a good many generations. Metaphorically it was like a timelocked safe. Waiting to open at the right time. The Money Pit would eventually disclose its secrets, he knew, but not until he was long dead and way beyond punishment.”
Jacky and Marcellus stared at each other. Marcellus was thinking of a response; Jacky was waiting for that response. While they waited, while the clock on the wall ticked away, rather as if it were counting down the seconds until a violent explosion, the phone rang. Marcellus put it to his ear, his eyes never leaving Jacky’s. A few seconds later, he hung up without speaking.
“Leo’s here,” he said finally.
Jacky backed away, never looking from Marcellus. He pressed himself against the wall just behind the door.
“What is all this?” Marcellus said.
“A pivotal moment,” Jacky said. It was meant to be cryptic; it just came out cheesy.
The door opened and Leo walked in, panting slightly. Despite the less-than-warm March weather, she wore a thin T-shirt that was wet with sweat. Biker’s leathers were on her legs and there was a crash helmet in her hand.
Leo stopped in front of Marcellus’s desk. “I counted sixteen times I nearly died and fourteen people I nearly killed on the way here. What’s the rush?”
“Jacky’s back,” Jacky said. Leo spun. Jacky pushed the door shut. He was leaning against the wall.
Leo broke into a grin. “Couldn’t keep away from me, eh?”
Jacky moved closer, looking carefully at her face, trying to read it. He hoped to see lies - or hoped not.
“Where did you disappear to?” he said, trying not to sound accusatory.
“Had to shoot off. You were having so much fun with that girl, so I didn’t disturb you.” She punched his shoulder playfully. “And then you don’t call.”
Jacky stepped back, looking between the two of them, feeling dizzy suddenly. He had expected so much from this confrontation, had felt so much anger over the past four days. And now it was all blown to pieces. But he should be happy, or at least relieved. Leo wasn’t lying; she didn’t know anything about the beach attack, and nor did Marcellus. He decided not to tell them. 
But if the attack wasn’t planned by Marcellus - then who? Had those men been after Jacky? Or had their target been the American teenagers? After all, Jacky knew nothing about them, who they were, who they knew, who they owed, who they’d pissed off . . .
“Jacky!” Leo repeated, snapping his out of a trance. “Where have you been? We’ve been waiting by the phone. We almost thought you’d gone in search of the tomb yourself. We know you have a dislike of partners. Where have you been?”
“I er, I also got called away.”
“But now you’re back. And the ball’s rolling again.” She turned to Marcellus. “Why didn’t you tell me Jacky was coming? Shame on you, boss.”
Marcellus shrugged. “I didn’t know.”
Leo looked at them both. “I smell tension. Problems?”
Marcellus spoke to Jacky. “I’m sorry about what you saw. I’m sorry to hear what you’ve just told me. But that wasn’t me. That was a man who is connected to me only by history. Whatever he got up to, I can’t possibly be blamed for. Can you accept that?” 
“Saw?” Leo said, smirking. “Jacky, what did you see? Did you peek at me getting laid in that tent, you rogue you.”
Marcellus spoke to Jacky again: “We can be ready to go in two days' time. I have already arranged everything. I have all the equipment and manpower you’ll need.”
“I’ll need?”
“I brought you on board because you’re an all-rounder, Jacky. You know Babylonian history and you know archaeology. I want you to lead the project. I’ll be coming along, but I won’t get in your way. I will veto nothing you propose and will give you anything you need.”
“And if you say no to that,” Leo cut in, “you even get a free hour with his head doctor. Who knows, as a bonus he may even cure your obsession with me.”
The three of them just stood there, Marcellus and Jacky staring at each other, Leo caught between them, trying to watch both faces. She tried another ice-breaker: she spat into her hand and offered it. “One for all and . . . come on, you know what’s next, we’ve all seen the Three Musketeers cartoon. One for all and . . .”
Jacky turned and went for the door. Leo let her hand drop by her side. 
“When you’re ready, I’ll be at home,” Jacky said, and slammed the door behind him.

43
French Guiana, South America

“They named a river after an Enya song!” Leo blurted.
Everyone looked up from their reading material to see that she was also looking up from hers, a great grin on her face.
“She sang a song called Oyapock?” said Jameson, who was dressed, rather stupidly Jacky thought, like some big game hunter from the forties, complete with high white socks.
“Not this one. Orinoco.”
“But we’re nowhere near that one,” Jameson offered.
“I know. Just noseying at the map.”
“Are you sure they named it after the song?”
For all his security expertise, Jameson could be very naïve about other subjects, it seemed. Jacky smirked as he saw Leo’s eyebrows rise; it had been a joke, but that obviously was lost on Marcellus’s primary bodyguard.
“Sure is,” Leo continued. “At one point the Orinoco looks like Enya’s face from the sky; so they named it after her first big hit.”
“Wow.”
The helicopters - three Bell 412EPs and a Bell XZ 100 - were skimming low over the rushing waters of the wide, meandering Oyapock River that divided eastern French Guiana from western Brazil. The rear chopper, the XZ, towed a Land Rover, which swung underneath it on heavy cables like a giant pendulum; the next chopper carried equipment that included four off-road motorbikes; the other two carried human cargo. The 412 seated fourteen passengers, but Marcellus had wanted his close crew - himself, Jacky, Jameson, Leo and another man - separated from his military group of nine. These were highly trained ex-soldiers, men who knew nothing about what was going on here, only that they might be required to wreak havoc, which was right up their dishonourable alley. 
Their destination was still thirty miles distant. A walk in the park in a continent the size of South America. They were only four miles along the river currently, the amount of time that short distance had taken made to seem much longer by the monotony of the landscape - water, trees, and the occasional riverbank village.
Despite being a possession of one of the richest countries in the world, France, since 1667, French Guiana was over 97% forest, with few cities and a small population, 38% of its 100,000 inhabitants living in the capital, Cayenne. Two-thirds of the population are descended from African slaves from the two other Guiana countries, Guyana and Surinam. Originally the Guianas were claimed by the Spanish, who failed to settle here. The English came next, but treasure rather than settlement attracted them, for stories of hidden natural gold sources were abundant. Following the permanent settlement of Guyana by the Dutch in 1615, West African slaves were imported to work in tobacco, cocoa and other types of plantations. By this time the French and English had also established colonies, and there was a rich mixture of races present. Once slavery was abolished, in 1836, many slaves infiltrated into the barren, forested land, to mix, mate and create a new ethnic group. Contractual labour was later brought in, including Indian and Chinese workers. The result of all these actions was to leave the Guianas with an abundance of minority groups. 
French Guiana became one large prison colony for the period 1852-1947. After this period, the French tried to promote settlement by a variety of methods. While most of the prisoners were returned to France to continue their sentences, some were given houses and jobs with local landowners. However, none of these methods was successful. Furthermore, attempts to attract foreign businessmen failed too, and the Overseas Department of France is today the main employer, with over 60% of products imported from France.
Jacky stared out the open fuselage door at the sun-sparkled Oyapock River, thinking about what lay ahead. And about what lay behind . . .

44
Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia
. . .
“So explain to the layman in me. What is all this stuff?” Leo had said, back in the bar, close to closing time.
Jacky smiled. He indicated the items he'd spread on the table.“These are the contents of a satchel carried by Lawrence Marcellus’ biographer.”
“Biographer?”
“Like his boss, he was big of ego. As an explorer, he knew that the story of his life would appeal to people. More than likely, he likened himself to Columbus or Marco Polo.”
“I get it. Historical purposes. So there’d be a record of his activities for future archaeologists.”
“Spot on. Lawrence Marcellus kept his own log, his diary, but that was simply his private stuff, just scribblings, notes. He wanted his exploits documented properly, so the man who carried this satchel was an expert writer paid to accompany Lawrence on his journeys and, basically, write a book.”
“Did this bag get lost? Or did Lawrence leave it behind as a clue?”
It was left behind because he didn’t want his story told, especially when that story involved mass murder, Jacky wanted to say. Instead, he said: “Probably it was a clue left for his future generations. Remember, the Marcellus clan believes in its own brilliance wholeheartedly. He knew someone further down the family line would find it based on the clues left in his diary, and that the book he wanted written eventually would be, making him a cult hero of sorts.”
Leo looked amazed. “Wow. So what do we know?”
Jacky talked, and illustrated with various things from the satchel. “1751, 3 years before the Money Pit was created. Lawrence was intrigued by Babylon. This series of notes by the writer describes the excavation of a stele at Shush in Iran. Shush is the present name of Susa, capital of ancient Elam, which -“
“What’s a stele?” Leo said. 
“A big stone carving with inscriptions. This particular one was adorned with Akkadian cuneiform. Akkadian cuneiform became out of date by about 140bc. It has about 600 symbols and is very complex. Somehow, the story of King Shamash Mudammiq’s journey was translated into this language. Lawrence Marcellus wasn’t sure how or by who. But the tablet itself, the stele, was translated by an astronomer, one of the few professionals still able to read the obsolete Akkadian cuneiform.”
“What’s Akkadian?”
Jacky groaned, laughing. “Babylon was split into two sections. Sumer was the southern part, Akkad the northern. Cuneiform is a language of symbols. Obsolete means gone, not in use any more. The word ‘professional’ means -“
“Ha ha. Look, I’m not as good as you lot at this sort of thing. Be gentle.”
“Okay.”
“So, the journey?”
“Even as late as 600bc, the Babylonians didn’t know too much about the geography of the world. They thought the sea encircled all the continents on a flat surface, like an outer ring of water. So when Mudammiq left on his journey, the new King sent along someone to map out the world, because Mudammiq wasn't planning to come back. The chances of the map-maker returning were considered small, but he was one man and that gave a better chance. As it was, he did return, using the very same boat that Mudammiq and his men sailed in, as soon as they’d hit land. The stele described lighter skinned people they discovered on this new land.”
“What land was it?”
“Around this time, the continent was  inhabited by many civilisations, the Amerindians being the oldest, followed by the Na-Dene then the Eskimo-Aleut. The first states involving kings and queens were coming into realisation, but it isn’t certain that it was one of these that the Babylonians discovered because they were emerging far across the continent. The people who -“
“Jacky,” Leo said, shaking his head. “If you don’t tell me right now, I’m going to lean over this table and kiss you.”
“South America,” Jacky blurted. 
“South America? Big place. Narrowed it down at all?”
“It was a long way to sail. Currents played a part. Basically, because they had no destination in mind, they let the water take them wherever. It was a devilishly long journey. They travelled by foot and cart south to the coast, then sailed across what today is called the Gulf, round the Strait of Hormuz and out into the Gulf of Oman. Now they find themselves in the Pacific Ocean, carried along the S.W Monsoon Drift, then west and south-west along the South Equatorial current. This takes them around the southern tip of Africa, where they are arrested by the cold Benguela Current. North, turning north-west. Now the ship is taken by warmer currents that carry the poor battered ship north-west somewhat parallel to the north-east coast of South America.”
“I hope you don't think I was mentally following that route you just explained. Cut to the chase.”
“It could be Brazil, Venezuela, any of the Guianas -“
“But it is actually . . . ?”
“French Guiana. You see, once Lawrence Marcellus had worked it all out, he decided on creating a decoy. He wanted the site of this to be far, far away, but within easy reach of French Guiana. It is a straight sail directly south from Nova Scotia to French Guiana, and a straight sail directly east from Ireland to Nova Scotia, creating a kind of inverted L-shape. The shortest route possible from A to B to C.” Jacky had sketched an outline of what he meant on a napkin. Leo nodded, understanding. “While in Nova Scotia, the man called Patrick discovered some old bones and made a necklace, which he took with him to French Guiana. He had a son and gave the necklace to him. The necklace went down the family line”
“But how do you know it’s French Guiana?”
“Because French Guiana belongs to France. Where was the necklace found?”
Leo slapped the table. “Of course. Silly me.”
"Over a hundred years later, one Patrick's descendants was arrested and imprisoned and later shipped to France. He had the necklace with him. Eventually it ended up in a cave that had a little bit of artwork in it that a lot of people were going to like quite a bit.” 
“And you worked all this out how?”
. . . 


45
French Guiana, South America
During the two days he had spent back at home while waiting for Marcellus’s team to pick him up, Jacky had honed his muscles some more in the training room of his old country house and had also decided to stock up on a few gadgets that he thought might come in handy for the journey ahead. These were stored in the pockets of his heavy-duty waistcoat. Until he knew for sure how fully he could trust Marcellus and Leo and the rest of them, he would keep at least a few secrets.
Leaning back into his seat, he surveyed the interior of the fuselage, examining each face. Marcellus had insisted that the trip be used by everyone to brush up on the history and geography of French Guiana, but the man himself seemed to be the only one doing that. Jameson had read a little during the jet flight across the Atlantic, but had given up once they’d landed at Cayenne, the capital of French Guiana. Leo had skimmed through a couple of tour brochures only cursorily. Jacky had done his reading at home. The other man, picked up at Cayenne, was a guide who obviously didn’t need to study the country. He did, however, feel the need to scrutinise Leo’s long legs below her long shorts.
For the hot weather he wore shin-high hiking boots with a wrap-around Velcro strap, same old green jeans and black T-shirt, now joined by a heavy-duty black outdoor waistcoat with numerous pockets. A pair of sunglasses hung out of one pocket.
The waistcoat was necessary because of the pockets, but it was thick and, despite the wind rushing in through the open fuselage door, Jacky was hot enough that sweat glistened on his face. Everyone was sweating. Leo's leg flesh glistened. Jacky found himself looking at them, just like the guide, Ramun.
“I think we’re here,” the pilot called back, barely heard over the sound of the rotor blades. Everyone moved towards the front of the fuselage, to stare out either the fuselage door or the cabin windscreen. “Looks like something’s going on down there,” he added.
The river was technically the divide between the two countries of French Guiana and Brazil, right and left respectively on a map. You wouldn’t know it to look, though, because the terrain differed not one iota between them.
The entire coast of the Guianas, almost 2000km worth, consisted of the Avicennia nitida species of mangrove. Sometimes just over a mile wide, this fringe was like a thick skin protecting the three countries, where nutrients carried from the Amazon has allowed the spawning of a heavy mass of life, mainly small fish and shrimps. Once this belt, this skin, has been penetrated, the land becomes barren and dry savannah and then a world of wet rainforest that sometimes sees an annual rainfall of 1500mm. 
If that sounded bad, Jacky knew it was paradise compared to the area that they were currently flying through. A fifty-mile wide section of super-humid forest on the north-east corner of the country, where even the mosquitoes get hot and sweaty. Humid, but continually battered by rains that can reach levels of 4000mm per year. The rains were coming now, just to prove a point.
Almost as if they’d breached a membrane around the forest, there was hot sunshine and then suddenly a wall of water whose weight quickly forced the pilot to put his all into flying the helicopter.
Through the downpour, the sight that the pilot had remarked upon was barely visible. Jacky could make out a section of forest in the process of being destroyed. Traces of smoke amongst the trees suggested the method was burning. The rains were making it hard for whoever was down there, though. Given the area and its rainy personality, Jacky doubted the knowledge and professionalism of the people cutting a swath of destruction below.
As they closed on the area, Jacky saw three helicopters, military sorts, in the burned clearing. He was suddenly suspicious.
“No markings on the choppers,” he called out over the sound of the rotors and the added noise of the rain. “Definitely not a mining company.”
Leo moved to his side, devilishly close - he could smell her perfume over the smells of the land being sucked into the fuselage. “Government?”
“This isn’t good land for trying to burn down rainforest. Fifty miles away there’s land that at least has a dry season.”
“So what then?”
Jacky shrugged. 
Marcellus had heard this conversation and he now pointed down at the site, asking the guide what was going on.”
“I don’t know, sir,” Ramun replied, his accent thick and French. “But if they are burning, then it is not for profit from the wood. Perhaps it is for the building of a reserve or a farm.”
Marcellus nodded, but Jacky just laughed. “Old MacDonald had a farm, and on that farm he had some fish.”
“You are right, Mr. Jackson. Perhaps a road?”
“A road to where?” Leo piped up.
“Excavation,” Jameson said. Everyone looked. He was staring at a map. He raised his head and shouted: “Pilot, fly over, don’t stop, carry on past.”
“What is it?” Marcellus said. 
Jameson held up the map. “Why are we here, people? The prison. This is the area.”
Jacky’s breath caught in his throat, as he was sure it did for all the others. They were here to search for the remains of a prison built and used before or around the official prison period of 1852-1947. It was hoped that clues found inside the ruins would shed light on exactly where in this country - the smallest in South America, yet bigger than England - a Babylonian king had long ago been laid to rest. This was a top secret project, known only to the people inside the helicopter, not including the pilot and the guide, yet here was physical proof, right below them in the flesh, that others knew, that others had the same plans. But who were they, and, more important, did it have anything to do with the beach massacre in Nova Scotia?
Jacky felt a chill run through his that was part apprehension, and part fight.

46
The choppers flew over the site of activity and away, further down the river a couple of miles, and landed at the first clear spot on the west bank. 
“You said this prison is unofficial,” Marcellus said to Ramun.
“That is correct, sir.”
“Then who the hell are those people swarming all over it?”
“I don’t know, sir,” Ramun said meekly. As usual when things were out of his control, Marcellus got agitated.
“What now?” Leo said.
Jacky unhooked his seatbelt. “No point twenty of us traipsing all the way there only to have to come back. I’ll go. I’ll take a radio.”
“Go where?” Marcellus demanded.
“To the prison.”
“Good idea,” Leo said, also getting out of her seat. “Me and Jacky will scope it out. And if he can keep his hands off me long enough, we’ll radio in what we find out. Could be nothing.”
Jacky slid his sunglasses on and jumped out of the chopper, and Leo followed. “If we aren’t back in an hour, then don’t worry because it just means Jacky’s hands have got the better of me.”
“You wish.”
“I don’t like this,” Marcellus said. He unclasped his seatbelt; this prompted everyone else to do the same.
Once out in the wet, everyone gathered. The soldiers, all wearing black, chatted amongst themselves, as did the pilots. Marcellus, Jameson and Leo conversed quietly by one of the choppers. Jacky  took a moment to speak with Ramun. He asked him what Marcellus had meant about the prison. Unofficial.
“This prison should not exist,” Ramun told him. "It was built using money applied for by the chief gaoler of a prison about twenty kilometres away. The money was for a large vegetable garden and irrigation system. Instead, he built another prison and kept it secret. It was a vile, monstrous place where often many convicts died. Underground. It closed in 1898 when the government found out about it. The gaoler was hung. They planned to reopen it, but the plan never came through. Rather than dismantle it, it was left to the jungle. Please, what does Mr. Marcellus want with this place? I am not supposed to know it exists. If anyone finds out -“
“Don’t worry about that,” Jacky told him. “I assume you’re being well-paid for this. Just worry about what to spend it on. Do you know any of the interior of the prison?”
“A little. Two years ago I gave a brief tour to a pair of government representatives who -“
“Draw me a map if you can,” he cut in. “Whatever you remember.” 
Ramun did, and soon afterwards Jacky was trekking along the riverbank, wearing his backpack and a baseball cap, with Leo by his side.
“All this rain,” Leo moaned. “It’s like Wimbledon tennis fortnight. This is supposed to be a tropical country.”
“These trees need the rain,” was all Jacky could think to say.
Leo looked up. The tops of the trees created a thick canopy, but it stopped more light than it did rain. “I bet this place is full of wild monsters.”
“Insects mostly. Snakes. A few small creatures.”
“No gorillas? No elephants?”
“Not here. Just spiders that carry enough venom to kill six gorillas or elephants.”
“You think that scares me? I’d never die from a spider bite. I’d die of shock at the size of the sod first. How long is this going to take us to get there?”
“Go back if you’re tired.”
“So I can stand in the rain with a bunch of men? No thanks; you’re better company. Besides, you need me to lead the way when we run from the first spider we come across.”
“You’re very considerate.”
Half an hour later they’d crossed the three or four miles between the prison and the area where the choppers were cooling their engines. For the last hundred metres, Jacky and Leo moved slowly, warily, careful not to make a noise that might carry. There was enough noise coming from the site to cover any they might make, but it wouldn’t pay to take that risk.
He saw a Jeep hidden amongst the trees, right in front of them, between them and the only overground section of the prison, a square, stone building that Ramun’s map had marked as “reception.” This was where new prisoners were logged in before being escorted down a set of steps leading to the cells. There were two men sat on the roof of the Jeep. They appeared to be playing cards. A rifle was laid next to each man, a pistol secured in  a shoulder holster.
“Guards,” Jacky said. He put his sunglasses away.“They aren’t parked in the clearing. The vehicle has been carefully driven into the thickness of the trees to be mostly concealed. These people might not care who sees from above, but they certainly don’t want anyone coming in from the ground. I’m betting there are other guards. Come on.”
They moved away from the riverbank, deeper into the jungle. The further they got from the gap in the overhead canopy cut by the ageless river, the darker it seemed to get. 
They saw another Jeep. This time the guards were inside the vehicle, smoking. The distance between the two vehicles was about 150 metres. Jacky figured there’d be at least two other Jeeps, a minimum of four to create a perimeter around the prison. 
They positioned themselves halfway between the two Jeeps, where they could see neither, and moved forward, closer to the building that the guards were protecting. Jacky looked round at Leo and saw her crouched over slightly.
“Think bending over will make you any less visible?”
Leo thought, and stood up.
They moved to the edge of the burned clearing. Jacky sat down by a tree, leaning into the dense growth at its foot. He tugged Leo down and pulled her close. Of course, she didn’t object.
The edge of the large clearing was line with trees that had been roughly chopped down and broken up. They created a kind of low wall of jagged wood. The wood was blackened by fire. The ground beyond was charred and dotted with tree stumps. The stone building was smoke-blackened. The only things not dirtied by smoke were the three choppers and three Land Rovers. The smell of burning wood was still heavy in the air, but quickly being removed by the heavy rain.
“Now what?”
“We’re beyond the point where those guards can see us. I’m wondering who’s inside.”
“You can’t be sure anyone is.”
“The guards back there don’t look like they’re here to stay. They’re guarding the outside only while whoever’s in there does whatever he’s in there doing. And there's three choppers with nobody inside. You wait here.”
“Why? Where are you going?”
“Elsewhere.”
He moved quick. Dashed across the clearing and past one of the three helicopters. Rushed from there to one of the Land Rovers. Whoever was running this show had the same kind of set-up as Marcellus had thrown together. Choppers carrying people and vehicles. And extra vehicles, locally rented or bought, probably. Marcellus had set it up in just a day or so; was this a rush-job too?
There was a petrol generator near the building, Cables, probably for lights, ran from it across the ground and disappeared into the open doorway of the stone building, which was flat-roofed and square, the walls about fifteen feet long. It was hard to imagine a whole prison complex was obtainable by entering that small building.
He rushed for the doorway of the stone building, dashed inside and hauled his pistol from an inside pocket of the padded waistcoat. The building was empty of life. The interior was brightly lit by an electric light hung on the wall, powered by the generator outside.
The floor was bare stone, dusty. There was a dead bird in one corner. The door was an iron gate; perhaps the bird had entered through the bars to find shelter from the rain. There were four marks on the floor where, Jacky thought, a desk had long ago been bolted. The prisoner was brought in, probably signed something at the desk, and then marched down the steps in a hole near the far wall. 
Jacky approached that hole and peered down the steps. The cables from the generator trailed down the steps. There was another light hung on the wall a little way down, illuminating the stone shaft enough so Jacky could see a heavy iron door at the bottom. Some sixty feet underground. Just like Ramun had said.
He descended the steps. Halfway down, there was a creak and the door at the bottom began to open. Voices filtered through.
He turned, muttering to himself, “Always the bloody halfway point,” and ran back up. The light from up above was suddenly blocked; someone stood there.
“Leo, go, move -“
He stopped. A rifle was aimed at him. Not Leo then. The guard waved at him, a smarmy I-win grin on his face. After putting his pistol in a waistcoat pocket, Jacky waved back.
"Any chance you're inbred and stupid enough to fall for the old looking-for-the-toilet excuse?"

47
Jacky woz ‘ere ’97, he scratched on the dirty wall with his finger.
The cell was tiny. Seven feet high, two feet across, like a stone phonebooth. No phone, of course. If they hadn’t taken his backpack, he would never had fitted inside. The only light came from outside the cell, from the room above. When the small shutter in the door over his head was closed, like now, only the gap between door and frame allowed any light, barely enough so he could see his own hand in front of his face. He’d written on the wall almost blind.
He could hear footsteps now, echoing as they came closer, down the steps. The guard with the gun had brought him here, aided by the two guards who’d come through the door at the bottom of the staircase. They’d forced him at gunpoint through that door and along a wide corridor lined with cells, nothing but cells whose doors were so close to each other those containment rooms must be smaller even than this one. At the end of that corridor, a trapdoor almost invisible in the floor, and a door in the far wall. There had been voices coming from beyond that door, but they hadn’t taken him there. Instead, through the trap and down another set of stone stairs. No lights had been placed down here, so one of the guards had picked one up and brought it. The stairs had led to what Ramun’s map called the Games Room. A square room with four doors, one in each wall. One that they’d just entered through, and three others. The floor was bizarre; a grid of wooden lines with a small metal trapdoor in each of the nine spaces. Jacky had instantly known what was meant for the area below each trapdoor: some unfortunate convict. But he cracked a joke about noughts and crosses. When one of the guards pulled open one of the trapdoors by a small metal ring, he had known that it was his turn to be a convict.
He looked up as the fist-sized shutter in the trapdoor slid aside, pulled by - did his eyes deceive? - the paw of a tiger. A baby tiger. A cute baby tiger whose face was pressed close to the shutter, sniffing the air. The light was coming from behind it, so that the animal appeared as not much more than a silhouette. Still, there was enough detail for Jacky to recognise what the animal was, to realise that he might already be going stir-crazy. A baby tiger. A baby tiger had just opened the shutter and was peering down at him.
“Hello, Jacky Jackson,” the tiger said in a high voice without moving its lips. 
Then the tiger was moved and he heard laughter from multiple sources. The trapdoor opened. Now he saw numerous human faces. One knelt, the others stood. The kneeler was a woman; the others were men. They all stared down. Jacky had the uncomfortable thought that all the guards were going to whip out their dicks and fill the cell with piss.
The woman was tall and muscular, the definition in her arms highlighted by the fact that she wore a sleeveless tank top. She looked about forty, but carried it off well. She was completely bald, but her bronze tan and catwalk-worthy face more than made up for this physical defect. Or was it a defect? The image her baldness supplied was more intriguing, more powerful than if she had had hair.
In her arms she held the baby tiger, one hand holding a paw, making it wave. The penny dropped for Jacky and he almost sighed with relief at knowing he still retained his sanity.
“These tiny cells are called traps,” the woman said. Her voice, English, was feminine yet husky. It was the kind that could read bed-time stories and play the part of a cartoon troll equally well. “It is not because they trap people. A trap is where they keep a greyhound before it is let out to compete. I hope you have the stamina.”
The trapdoor was slammed shut. Darkness reigned once more. But there were no sounds of people marching away.
The trapdoor was yanked open again. “You’ll find that I enjoy inciting emotion in people. I enjoy testing them, provoking them. I enjoy games and tortures. I enjoy reading anticipation and fear and hope and hopelessness on their faces. I enjoy knowing that there is no God and no Heaven or Hell and thus no comebacks for all the tortures and evil that my black heart loves to bestow.” She waved at someone behind her. “Bring that light closer, I want to see his face.” The light was carried closer, held over the trap. Jacky’s face was illuminated; so was the woman’s. Despite his anger, Jacky had to admit that this stranger was beautiful. Somehow, that made this whole thing worse.
“You are a pretty one. Look up at me. I want to read your face after I tell you this: I am going to kill you this day.”
Jacky tried not to show emotion on his face, kept it stony still, but the woman seemed to enjoy what she read anyway. She giggled with delight, and that giggle was what really scared Jacky. It said this woman was a nutcase.
“Oh boys, would you believe it? Jacky here didn’t believe me. Your self-belief is quite astounding.”
“Invincibility does that to a person,” Jacky replied.
“Immortality is quite relevant to your situation here, you may later discover. And mine. And your new friend Theodore Marcellus. And your ex-friend Leona.” She looked close, again trying to read Jacky’s face, this time in response to her mention of Leo.
At first her point was lost on Jacky, because all he could think of was that name. Leona. He hadn’t known before now that that was her name. Leo because of her star sign, she’d said.
Then it dawned on him. Ex-friend. A lump rose in his throat.
“Ex?” he croaked.
The woman giggled again. “Oh Leona, he cares for you.”
Jacky was puzzled. “She isn’t dead?”
“Dear no. I meant ex-friend because -“ she reached back and pulled someone closer, and that someone was Leo, and she wasn’t being restrained, and didn't look stressed “- I doubt she’ll remain in your good books after this treachery.”
At least Leo did seem truthful when she said, “I’m sorry, Jacky.”

48
“The plot thickens,” Jacky snarled. “I can't keep up. Any more fucking surprises, Santa Claus?”
The woman seemed to think about this, one long black fingernail touching her bottom lip. “Try this.” She waved at somebody beyond Jacky’s line of sight. A man he recognised entered stage left.
Jacky laughed. “This is turning into a soap opera. Hello, James.”
“Hello Werewolf,” James Boyle replied, giving a little wave.
“I guess right now it’s about time I really, really regret sticking my pork sword up your bird’s cunt.”
James’s head jerked back slightly, as if the words had physical force. He considered what his ex-friend had said and seemed to think of a response. Presently, he spat into the hole, right into Jacky’s hair and face. The woman waved him away, but James was already turning and moving away, laughing.
“This is a tale of deception and adventure unlike any you’ve embarked upon before, Jacky,” the woman said. “Lucky for you I feel there are many more chapters to be read on your face. It means you get to live a little longer.”
Jacky looked at Leo. “Please tell me you did this for your ill child. Or blackmail. That I can accept. Please tell me it wasn’t for plain old profit.”
Leo did look hurt, he saw. 
“Oh it was of course profit.” answered the bald woman. “It always is. Be it money for her, eternal life for others, adrenaline for you. We’re all here to earn. Yes, your own profit is the rush, the kick. That is why you came. That is why you so readily believed everything told you by Theodore.”
Jacky reacted.
“Oh I love your face, Jacky,” the woman giggled. “I could play with it all day.”
“Are you saying he lied to me?” Jacky asked, now feeling deflated. How much of anything was true? This was beginning to seem like some bad, bad dream.
“A picture tells a thousand words. An expression shows a thousand pictures. Beautiful. Yes, Jacky, a lie. Theodore Marcellus seeks the same out of this as I do. You have no idea who I am, of course. Please ask.”
Lack of co-operation might mean lack of answers, Jacky knew. So he played along.
“I am Gabrielle,” the woman answered. “In response to disliking my family’s history, I have eradicated the surname. So it is just Gabrielle. Trace back my family tree and you will find, sitting on a rotted branch, Henry Wren.”
Jacky dropped his head. How much worse was this going to get? A descendent of Wren now. Two generations of two families, both sticking it to him.
“Look at me, you have to look at me. Look at me or I will kill you now.” Softly spoken, yet full of venom.
Jacky looked up.
“I don’t know what you think you know about Lawrence Marcellus or Henry Wren. Just know this: they were both bad men and Lawrence Marcellus tried to kill Henry Wren. The Marcellus family is evil and it is an hereditary disease. He did not want to share the Babylonian king’s true treasure.”
“What is this treasure, and why all the secrecy? You and Theodore Marcellus both seem too rich to want simple money.”
“The Empire of Babylon should have become immortal. That was the plan. A brainless servant ruined everything. My family should have become immortal many generations ago, but again a brainless servant ruined everything. But now it will very much happen.”
“What do you mean by immortal? I don’t understand.”
“I know: your face tells me that. Oh, the contrast between us. Both beautiful people-"
"Don't forget 'modest'."
"- yet our destinies are so vastly separated. I am going to live forever. I will see today’s children old and withered and in the grave. I will see crumble buildings that are just now rough sketches. I will watch the sun go super-nova and kill the earth. And after that . . . well, I do like surprises.”
“And me?”
“Oh, you have about an hour to live.”


49
The room beyond the door at the end of the corridor lined with cells was where they now congregated. Gabrielle, Leo, James and others. The stone floor in this empty room had been dug up, a large metal safe extracted. It had been forced open. The papers inside were being carefully scrutinised. Leo sat with a flask of tea, brooding. James paced somewhat restlessly. Gabrielle was playing with the baby tiger, which she had named “Vodka.” Simply, it was the daftest name she could think of. She knew the tiger wouldn’t mind.
Leo looked at the items thrown in a corner. Jacky’s backpack and his gun, just tossed there.
“This is obviously everything,” one man said. “perhaps we should leave now. These can be worked through properly elsewhere.”
Without looking at him, Gabrielle nodded. She was trying to read Vodka’s expression. “Gather them up. We leave.”
Sat in another corner, back against the wall, was Angelo Porter, the leader of the band of Italian mercenaries that made up Gabrielle’s security team. He was the man who had sent Carlos into the foliage back on Plum Island, only to have his face smashed by Jacky Jackson. Worse, he was the one who had missed his target and blown the head off one of his own men instead of Jacky Jackson’s head. He was the man who at this moment in time hated Jacky Jackson more than anyone else on the planet. He sat there against that wall and fought the urge to storm down into the bowels of this prison and put a bullet in the bastard's skull.
The people in the room gathered up their stuff and left. It had been a successful mission. They had only been here one day and already they’d found what they were looking for: the secret files kept by the Chief Gaoler, buried for all time mere days before the French army had come in and closed the place down.
They emerged from the prison and into the jungle, where the rains still fell but the sun was now out, hot and bright. Gabrielle got in the largest of the helicopters, her private one, while everybody else made for the others. James stared back at the prison doorway inquisitively, before climbing inside one of the choppers. Angelo knocked on the door of Gabrielle’s chopper. She opened it. She studied him.
“I see anger. You know I wanted to use Video and Lampshade.”
“Yes,” replied Angelo. Despite the rage burning inside him, he was forced to suppress a smile. “Video” and “Lampshade” were the stupidest names he could imagine for those beasts of hers. “But he has proved to be trouble ever since the start.”
“Without him -“
“I know. I know what you’re going to say. Yes, without him we wouldn’t know as much as we do. But we know it all now, so he’s outlived his worth.”
“That is what you said before. He thanked you by killing half your men. But of course, that’s the whole point, yes? You are not thinking mission security here. Betrayed by your own face.”
“Yes, I admit it. I want him dead. If we leave him there, he might somehow get out and cause us yet more problems. Surely you’ve seen James Bond films.”
“Won’t that be fun, though?” Gabrielle said, pretending to be unfazed by this man’s sarcasm. “Oh, if you wish. Take a video camera. Record it for me. Get the expression. Make sure you get his face just before you shoot him.”
The cabin door slammed in his face. Angelo called over two of his men.
Gabrielle looked out the window at another of her helicopters. Inside, secured in a cage, were Video and Lampshade, Vodka’s parents. She’d nurtured and loved them since they were born, but now that they’d given her a baby, she had no use for them beyond today’s game.
She turned to her pilot and asked him to go and find Peter, which the man quickly did.
“Are the cameras all in place?” she asked Peter, her technical expert, once he’d come running. He nodded. “Good. Can you bring me a monitor so I can watch here? I want us to be on our way quickly.”
“Are we not waiting for Angelo and his men to return?” They’d just that minute re-entered the prison, armed to the teeth.
“He interrupted me, and he was cheeky. I don’t like him. Let’s play the game anyway. I have this little one now -“ she stroked Vodka “- so I don’t need the parents. The jungle is their natural home anyway. Let them in. They will be safe. The game will be good.”
Gabrielle waved him away. Peter was glad to go. He thought Gabrielle was every bit as insane as she’d made those poor tigers.


50
All but one of the choppers rose into the air. Gabrielle watched the screen on the monitor in her lap. The screen was split into sixteen separate images, each displaying the view from a different camera. Earlier, Peter and his team had arranged them throughout the prison at strategic locations so they collectively covered every inch. The game was sure going to be good. But oh look, one of the cameras had been positioned wrong, or nudged accidentally. The one in the antechamber was pointing up at the ceiling. Darn; that might be where the best action takes place!
Inside the prison, Angelo, Marco and Paul were striding down the corridor lined with cells. Each man wore body armour and carried a short-barrelled machine-gun, a pistol and a knife, the latter two tucked away in holsters.
“The boss wants a game. Silly bitch, did she think those animals could open his cell door? Now she wants us to play with this Jackson asshole in the Games Room. I have a better idea. We’re going to open that trapdoor and shoot him. In the knees, then the elbows, then the stomach, and then the face. And then I’m going to cut off his dick. No, dick before face. You guys get the pleasure of watching.”


51
Jacky shut off his mind, not wanting to imagine what it must be like to be trapped in one of these bizarre cells. He had registered the lack of noise for the last half hour and knew it could mean that they’d left him here to die. He was unable to sit down in this small cell. How long would it be before cramp set in, before tiredness -
- footsteps, coming down the stairs. Fear welled up inside. It was the not knowing, not seeing. He couldn’t help it. When the trapdoor was unlocked and yanked open, he ducked low, shielding his face with his hands, letting out a yelp of fright.
The hand that reach in belonged to Leo. “I am sorry, Jacky.”
He grabbed her hand.
Once out of the cell, the steely Jacky returned. He swept Leo’s leg and she went down hard on her face, letting out a grunt as her arm was forced up behind her back, straining the shoulder.
“Give me a reason why this arm shouldn’t break.”
“Here’s one: it should be my neck.”
Surprised, he let up a little on the pressure. “Perhaps it will be.”
“I didn’t know.”
“Know what?” Jacky demanded. 
“About the attack. Yes, I’m one of the bad guys, but I didn’t want you hurt. That night on the beach. My orders were to leave once I’d gotten the information Gabrielle needed. I just left, then made a phone call. This is the truth, Jacky. I only found out today that she’d sent people to kill you. Christ, I even made her promise that you wouldn’t be hurt. Do you believe me?”
“When I think you’re lying, you’ll feel this arm snap. Carry on.”
“It’s awesomely simple, Jacky. I like money. Marcellus and Gabrielle are in this for the same reason, so I went with the one who paid the most. Gabrielle, she likes this sort of thing, corrupting people. Her ancestor, this Henry Wren, he turned one of Lawrence Marcellus’ men against him. She thought it would be cool to do the same with me. She told me everything, and I'll happily tell you, you don't have to force it out of me.”
Jacky let go of her then and moved back. Leo sat up, rubbing her shoulder. He noticed that she’d brought his gun and backpack. They lay on the floor. As he talked, he put on the backpack and slipped the gun into his thigh pocket. The bad guys had taken his waistcoat.
“They grew up together. The Marcelluses and Wrens were always close. These two played together as kids. Then the Wrens moved to England and that was the end of it.”
“Does Marcellus know this Gabrielle is stealing his show?”
“No. No way. And he wouldn’t be happy if he did. You see, it was always thought that Lawrence and Henry had died at sea while searching for the king’s tomb. Then someone actually started to read their logs and do a bit of research. Then it all came out, and it separated the families. They were bitter enemies not long after becoming partners, Lawrence and Henry. Always trying to outsmart each other. In the end, Henry Wren bought off Patrick, the guy who made the bone necklace that started all this. Wren boasted about it in his own diary, which Gabrielle got passed to her. Marcellus found you through your e-mail, right? Well, Gabrielle found out what Marcellus was doing by the same means. She knew he’d found a clue and so she basically followed him. Contacted me, waved a big cheque, and I snatched it.”
“You’re on a roll, don’t stop now. Try to shock me.”
“They found the tomb. Then Patrick and Henry Wren left Lawrence Marcellus to die, they dumped him. Took his men and his ship and all the treasure. Patrick stayed on in this country. Wren set sail. But Lawrence Marcellus had suspected treachery, it seemed, because he poisoned all the food on the ship. So all his own men died. The ship was found at sea. Wren’s diary was found aboard, containing a note claiming the poisoning, claiming that the crew were planning suicide to relieve the intense pain and torture of the poison. No bodies were found, just possessions, which were returned to their families.”
“Was any treasure found? What was it? What is all this about immortality?”
“The treasure they were after was nothing more than plant nectar blessed by magic, that’s all. Supposedly, this nectar could reanimate a dead body, make it live forever.”
“So that’s where the immortality part fits in. Ha, it’s the world’s oldest dream, its most amazing treasure.”
“I don’t much buy it, either, but that’s the story. The Babylonians invented this nectar. It was full of nutrients, and once blessed by magic, it supposedly kept the mind alive forever and stimulated the brain and the muscles. No need for food or sleep. There was one problem. The body had to be dead. If a living body drank the nectar, it had all sorts of weird side effects.”
“Like?”
“Insanity, for one. And if what Gabrielle told me is true, speeded up evolution. It enhanced everything going on in the body. That was its power. Only if the body is dead can this be avoided.”
“No growth, enhanced, equals no growth still. Makes sense. Not that I accept anything that comes from your mouth. But let’s say it’s true. Why are we all the way out here looking for a king’s tomb? Why not search for this juice in Iraq, which is modern Babylonia?”
“If I have the story right, the Assyrians were getting tougher, so the new Babylonian king sent the ex-king away to become immortal. Mudammiq was dying of tuberculosis. He was the prime choice. Sail far away, die, live again, come back and refresh the Babylon empire. He took a big ship, some architects and some magicians The Babylonians couldn't afford to let the stuff fall into the wrong hands. Immortal Assyrians was the last thing they needed. So Mudammiq took it all away with him. So the story goes.”
“That’s a nice fairy-tale.”
“There’s a not-nice ending. According to Wren, they found evidence that Mudammiq was buried alive with a servant who was supposed to feed the nectar into the king’s body after death. But when the king died, the servant instead panicked, battered himself to death trying to escape.”
Jacky laughed. “So the immortality of the Babylonian empire was foiled by a scared slave? That really is funny.” He shook his head. “So, after all these years, Marcellus gets hold of his forefather’s diary and realises he’s onto a chance at everlasting life?”
“Yes. Gabrielle too. Marcellus was just waiting for a break. Gabrielle was just waiting for him to make a move. You know why Marcellus is most bitter? Marcus, his dad, kept his diary from him until after his death because he wanted Theo to bring him back. Amongst the things left to Theo in the will was a note. Theo burned it without reading it. But in a second note left to Darren, Theo’s son, Marcus said he’d see the boy soon.”
“I don’t follow.”
Leo laughed. “Marcus kept the secret because he wanted life after death. In his note to Theo, he gave the location of the tomb. He had waited because he wanted Theo to bring him back to life. Theo burned the note.” Leo shook her head. “Theo realised after he’d read the note left to Darren. Wouldn’t that just kill you?”
Jacky didn’t see the funny side. He had another question: “What was Marcellus’ plan once I’d found the tomb? Kill me?”
“He’s no killer, although Gabrielle certainly is. He’s just a guy who wants his son and him to live forever. He told me you were going to be well-paid. He also promised that he’d give generously to charity. He really isn’t a bad guy, you know. There, erm, there was another reason, though.”
“All this teasing is turning me on.”
“Well, being the intrepid adventurer, he thought you were the sort to take the plunge, so to speak.”
Jacky realised what she meant. “A guinea pig? He was going to force -“
“Not force.” Leo interrupted defensively.
“Okay, he thought I might be willing to test this magical potion? That I’d allow myself to die and be brought back as an immortal?”
“You seemed the sort to him.”
"No thanks. I'd get bored. A hundred years will be enough for me, I reckon." He looked around the room. “I always wondered why he was so eager to have me on board. He didn’t really ever need me for finding the tomb, did he?” Something stirred in Jacky’s brain. “If I was to be used to test the potion on a dead person, what about testing it on someone living? Based on what you’ve just told me, no one would dare risk that.”
“He wasn’t planning to force anyone, if that’s what you think. That’s more Gabrielle’s domain.”
Jacky thought about something else. Leo just watched him. In the silence, they heard footsteps at the top of the stairs.
“The trouble you mentioned?”
“Something else I didn’t want to happen to you.” She pointed at something. Jacky looked. There was a surveillance camera attached to the wall. But it was aimed up at the ceiling. “I turned it. She can’t see now. She wanted to watch the game. It was supposed to be tigers.”
“Tigers?”
“I’ll explain later. But these sound like people who are coming, not animals. I bet I know who. Gabrielle couldn't stop talking. I know there's a guy up there who isn't very happy with you. We should go.”
Jacky slung the backpack off his shoulders and put the diary in it. “Where do these doors go?” He put the backpack on again.
“You don’t want to know.”

52
The Games Room. Brainchild of the vicious Chief Gaoler, 99 years now in his grave, who built this subterranean floor to feed his sadistic ego. 
The nine most hated convicts were imprisoned in the tube cells under the floor of the antechamber. When he was hungry for pain - someone else’s, of course - the Gaoler would pick one of the cells and the guards would extract the convict. He would be given a choice of three doors. Beyond each, a different horror awaited.
The door in the east wall led into a large round room with a concave floor and an exit on the far side. In the circular wall were two alcoves; set into each was an iron ball standing three feet high and weighing 600lbs. A tripwire set off this trap.
The northern door opened into a long corridor that sloped down at twenty-five degrees, the floor greased, at the bottom of which was a wall with a door. Set into the floor at 10 metre intervals was a row of jagged spears connected by a cross-bar just below the head. This wall of spears was tilted towards the top of the incline.
The western room dropped instantly away thirty feet. Forty feet away was another door. In the water that filled the hole swam creatures that liked to bite.
Jacky had already read this much on the map drawn by the French guide, Ramun. And he knew that all the rooms had been stripped of their horror features. The iron balls were missing; the spears had been removed; the water had been drained. However . . .
“Gabrielle has set one of them up. She planned to play some sick game.”
“Which one,” Jacky snarled, a whisper. The footsteps were close now, right outside the door. He pulled his guns, pressed his back against the wall beside the door, on the side it was hinged.
“Don’t know. Open them and see.”
“No time.”
The handle turned. Jacky had locked the door. It rattled as the person on the other side tried to open it.”
“Who’s in there,” came Angelo’s voice.
“Just me!” Leo called back.
“What the hell are you doing? Open this door.”
“I was going to ask Jacky some questions. Go away.”
The door flew open suddenly as a foot kicked it. It swung into Jacky, who stifled a grunt. At least the door was blocking his body from the three men who stormed into the room.
Angelo saw the open trapdoor. “What the hell’s going on?” he roared, moving quickly over, aiming his gun down into the cell.
“He went through one of these doors. Hit me. Ran through.”
“Shit!” the mercenary yelled. He grabbed Leo’s hair, yanked her up. A hand signal and his comrades quickly moved towards the doors, taking one each. They yanked them open. Leo struggled. Jacky pushed away the entrance door, charged, gun pulled. He fired to his right and a bullet took Marco in the shoulder as he was turning. He fell through the doorway and landed hard thirty feet below on the grimy floor of the empty pool.
Paul turned, raised his rifle. Angelo did the same. 
“Bastard!” Leo roared, and threw herself into the room whose threshold she stood at. Still retaining a firm grip on Leo’s hair, Angelo was yanked inside also, stumbling, firing, falling. Bullets raked the roof and floor of the antechamber.
The loud report of the machine gun made Paul duck for cover. Jacky dove for him, narrowly missing being shredded by lead. He hit Paul hard and they crashed through the open doorway.
Gabrielle, it seemed, had enjoyed the idea of the circular room with the iron balls. The balls had been removed to one of the cells upstairs almost a century ago; earlier today she had had them moved back, the tripwire replaced.
Although they weighed 600lbs each, they were balanced so precariously on a single golf tee-like support each that they toppled easily when Leo and Angelo rolled through the tripwire. Two great spheres rumbled down the slope of the concave floor, like a big bowl, gaining a lot of momentum during that twenty-five metre downward journey. They would roll up the other side and down again, up and down, in all directions, crushing anything in their path, until gravity finally stopped them a whole two minutes later.
Leo dove aside as the first ball came at her. She felt the second one brush past her and clip Angelo, knocking him aside like a toy. The first ball rolled over the centre point and up, bending left with the shape of the floor, soon to come back. The speed they rolled, coupled with their unpredictable movements, would pose a tough problem, Leo realised, as she jumped the returning first ball. It would be like dodging busy traffic.

53
Next door, Jacky and Paul rolled over and over down the sloping floor. The spears were gone, so they were spared being impaled. But down at the bottom, the floor ended a good eight feet from the wall and the single door it contained, and there was no telling what lay in that intervening hole. The single light in this room was up near the top; the further Jacky and Paul slipped down, the dimmer it got.
They both seemed to realise the danger at the same time and let each other go. Paul scraped at the floor, trying to turn his body around, for he was sliding on his stomach, face-first towards that black hole. Jacky had managed to get himself into a kind of sitting position, pressing his boots hard into the floor, fingernails of one hand digging into the stone, gun butt in the other hand doing the same - trying to halt his progress. The chasm loomed.

54
Billy Smart was a chopper pilot paid handsomely by Gabrielle, like everyone else, to do his job. But not handsomely enough for this caper, he thought. Playing around with man-eating tigers, especially these messed-up creatures, was not supposed to be part of the job description. The new plan had been to wait for Angelo and the two other to return; why couldn’t they have just stuck with that?
Carefully, Billy opened the fuselage door, sliding it slowly across, slowly so the noise wouldn’t disturb the tigers. He gulped. There they were. In their cage, just lying there, meek as lambs. Big things, as big as they come, the male even larger than the female, and boy was she huge!
Billy didn’t know if it was possible to have an insane animal. He thought you had to have morals and a conscience and rules of society in order to even acknowledge the existence of insanity. Perhaps for animals it was different. Anyhow, he had seen this pair in action, and he certainly thought that whatever the animal kingdom version of insanity was, they damn sure suffered from it.
Strange how the blindfolds worked. These beasts had rotted minds, unwittingly - or not - crafted that way right from birth when the boss had got them and had begun messing about with them, experimenting with drugs, tortures, and Lord, all that metal stuff they’d implanted! Every waking moment was filled with roaring and violence, yet stick a blindfold on them and that was it, they became like old, loyal, domesticated felines, laying around as if they thought they were curled up at the master’s feet in front of a roaring hearth fire.
Billy figured the boss had probably done something to their eyes as well, or used hallucinogens. So that perhaps they saw a world that was so freaky and horrific it made them more and more insane with every passing minute. Perhaps the blindfolds covered that world and . . .
Billy didn’t know, and he didn’t care. He just wanted to get this over and done with and be away.
He unlocked their cage. He stepped in. He had the taser, but what was that going to do to save him if one of those blindfolds slipped off? It’d just piss these guys off more, that’s all.
Back of the neck, he’d been told. Grab a cat by the back of the neck, its brain associates that feeling with being carried in the teeth of the mother as a newborn. Makes the cat go limp, pliant. He’d seen someone do it to this pair before.
The two beasts were wagging their tails, alert yet docile. Lord, it was like they were watching movies inside those blindfolds.
Two hands needed. He had to put the taser away. So he did. Stepped between the two cats and grabbed a fistful of fur and flesh in each hand. This was all theory and this was the moment of truth. He expected to lose both arms in half a second. But as he grabbed the fur and pulled, the big cats went limp, their heads dropping onto their paws. Billy was almost hauled off his feet. Lord, they were well-trained. If training was the word. He didn’t think so.
It took all his strength at tugging just for the cats to realise that they were expected to move. Slowly, they came at his urging. He'd never drag them without their help, but they gave him only enough to make sure he used every ounce of strength he had. Out of the cage, out of the chopper, across the ten metres of burned land and to the prison doorway. They didn’t walk but shuffled, keeping their heads on their paws and their white stomachs on the ground. It took what seemed like hours.
The doorway wasn’t big enough for both animals to pass through at the same time. He had to take one at a time. And it took some time. He let go of the one on his left. He was right handed. If it went wrong and he was going to lose an arm after all, well, better the left. But the cat just lay there, suddenly wide awake again and wagging its tail, watching movies or memories behind the blindfold, as he dragged the other one through the doorway.
Eventually, they were both inside the reception area of this old, abandoned prison. Billy used the string he’d been given. Tied it around both blindfolds. He passed it between the bars of the solid iron front door. Stepped out into the rain and shut that door. Slid the bolt. The door didn’t have a lock because it wasn’t for security so much as to stop wild animals from getting inside. He hoped to lord it would also stop them getting out. If not, they’d surely tear open his chopper and swallow him whole.
Billy yanked the string and the blindfolds came away. The transition from peaceful cat to snarling monster was so quick you’d need an atomic clock to time it. Jagged teeth and claws gnashed and scraped at the bars of the door, at the stone walls. Billy ran. He wondered how Gabrielle was ever going to get those blindfolds back on her pets. He jumped in the choppers and sent it upwards. He didn’t relax until he saw triple figures on the altimeter. Once the fear was gone, all he could feel was pity for anyone left inside that prison.

55
Leo rolled aside once more. The ball rumbled past and went up the slope. Angelo was up on his feet, coming for her, avoiding the two balls easily. They were slowing slightly, making his task easier. They were reaching their highest points about ten metres from the top of the bowl now.
“Traitors occupy the ninth level of Hell, you know?” Angelo called out over the sound of the rolling iron balls.
Leo got up. "Notice that on your way further down, did you?" She backed off, with Angelo advancing. Now Leo was high up so that the balls couldn’t reach. Angelo was still down there, but he was quick and agile enough to easily avoid the iron killers. Another minute and they’d be stopped, touching down there in the centre, the lowest point.
She backed up until her butt hit the wall. The wall moved slightly. Quickly, she turned, saw a door, remembered the second exit, and grabbed for the handle. The door opened outwards, but revealed only the stone wall. A fake. The Chief Gaoler had a sense of humour, it seemed.

56
Jacky and Paul slid to the bottom of the slope. Paul began to scream as his efforts to turn his body failed; he began to roll over, twisting fast, legs and arms flailing as he went into an uncontrollable, dizzying spin.
Jacky lifted his gun and fired. Butt and feet placed flat, back propped up by his backpack, which was surely going to be ruined after this, he was able to aim as well as he needed. The handle of the door down below burst into shreds; the hinges exploded. The door wobbled in its frame, then toppled forwards, falling out of the frame and disappearing into the black hole between the wall and the bottom of the slope. 
Jacky didn't hear the door land, which was worrying, but what he saw was far worse than what he heard - or didn't hear.
In the gap left by the missing door was nothing but more wall. The frame and door, it seemed, had been nailed onto the wall simply to give false hope. Any convict who managed to reach the end of the slope, jumping the spears that had once been present, like some kind of malevolent hurdles event, would attempt to dive for the door, and even if he made it, somehow managed to grab hold and open that door - well, what then?
 He thrust his gun in his pocket as his body slid to the end. The black hole widened alarmingly quickly. His ass started to burn from the friction against the cold stone. The slope had looked as long as a ski-jump from up top, but it was shrinking fast. Paul's screams still filled his ears. The guy was flipping over, cracking his arms and legs and head against the stone slope. He angled across Jacky's path, mere feet ahead. Jacky screamed himself now, but it wasn't all fear. There was anger and adrenaline there, too.
The edge was upon him. Paul went over, still spinning. The gloom was deep, but nothing compared to that chasm. As Paul slipped into the abyss, he might as well have been slipping into a lake of oil.
Jacky leaned forward, thrust with his legs, knowing his timing had to be perfect. He rose into the air just as the ground ended. He thrust as hard as he could and his legs straightened just as he felt the friction on his boots slip away.
He reached out, fingers curled like claws, almost willing his elbows to dislocate just for a few inches’ extra reach. In the blackness this deep into the room, he saw nothing but the pale wall and the doorframe nailed onto it. They were the only things convincing Jacky's mind he wasn't floating in space. The only thing in his life now, which he wanted more than anything he'd ever yearned for, was that little ledge of old wood at the bottom.
In the final nanosecond before he would know if that little ledge of wood was real or imagined, Jacky became aware that he hadn't heard Paul's body land yet, either.
His fingers touched wood, dug in. His body swung into the wall. Strangely, his only hope was that he didn’t smash his knees.
The thud almost knocked with wind out of him. He kept his grip, hanging from the bottom of what was nothing more than a rectangle of wood stuck on a wall. 
Paul was silent. He’d heard no scream of death, no call for help. He couldn’t prevent his mind from imagining the guy falling still, turning over and over as he passed through the earth and out into space on the first chapter of his endless tumble through eternity.
Surprisingly, Jacky still had the strength to haul himself up. One hand on the left side of the frame, one on the right. Inches at a time, he pulled himself up, swinging his legs from side to side and using their momentum to help him throw his weight upwards. His feet could find no footholds and thus became useless, which put extra stress on his fingers. They began to bleed. The strain on his forearms was just as painful. But this was life or death. Aching forearms and bleeding fingers versus bottomless fall was no choice at all.
Soon he was up, and safe. His feet were on the bottom ledge and his hands grasped the sides of the doorframe. He sighed with relief. Then he actually laughed, while still panting from his exertions. Safe? He was balanced on a little slip of wood that might tear away at any second, his face three inches from a blank wall, a bottomless chasm behind him, a slope too slippery to climb just beyond that chasm. And guys with machine guns somewhere up top. Yeah, crack out the cigars, Jackson, you're home free.

57
Forty metres above Jacky, Leo was running around the top of the inside of the circular room, chased by Angelo, who was laughing. He could have shot her dead, but that wasn’t as much fun as watching how she panicked.
“Where are you going, traitor?”
Leo stopped. Turned. “I thought I’d pop to the shops. Want anything.”
Angelo couldn’t believe it. “Always the joker. Where did these balls come from?”
“Vanishing twin syndrome,” Leo shouted back as she ran.
“Eh?”
Leo ran towards the centre of the room suddenly. The heavy iron balls were still rolling, criss-crossing each other’s paths, but slowing still, playing in a space only ten metres in radius.
Leo crossed the danger zone with ease, zipped quickly up the other side and stopped, turned, waved.
A test? Angelo rose to it. Down, through the danger zone, up. Leo had moved away slightly so the mercenary couldn’t attack her. No sooner had Angelo reached the top, Leo was racing back down. Angelo followed.
The two iron spheres kissed each other like billiard balls. With a resounding crack, they flew off in unplanned directions. One nearly hit Leo, who was forced to jump aside. It caught her foot. She landed hard on her stomach, hard.
The other ball had been coming across Angelo’s path. After hitting its mate, the rolling mass of iron veered off at 90 degrees, straight at him. He felt his lower right leg snap. Down he went, hard, and slid towards the centre of the room.
Leo got up and rushed for the door. Angelo let her, the mercenary’s current problem worthy of his undivided attention.
He rolled aside as one of the balls came at him. Then the other came at him. They were slowing quickly now, their journeys shortening. Soon, they’d crowd and crush him.
Leo left the room without a glance back.

58
Jacky stood in the doorframe, facing outwards, still panting. It had been tough, pulling himself up, then removing his backpack so he could turn around. The pack was now back around his shoulders, but on the front of his body. The leather and the buckles would provide more friction than the top he wore, and that help in the task ahead.
He dipped a hand into the pack, seeking something that would help him here. It was too dark to see anything clearly so he was having to guess at what he was touching. His fingers brushed against a packet of chemical flares and he pulled one out, activated it. His world turned green. He dropped the flare into the depths below him.
It landed about fifteen feet below his feet with a soft plop and all went dark again. Some kind of thick fluid. Oil. Quicksand, maybe. Something that had swallowed the mercenary, choking off his scream. He was down there now, dead, the latest addition. The door was there, too, floating, but the body had sank. The fluid explained the lack of sound. Jacky wondered how many bodies might be down there? He figured the French authorities who’d closed this place down either hadn’t noticed this tar pit, or whatever it was, or hadn’t been able to get down to investigate. And if no one could get down, how the hell was he supposed to get up?
Seconds later, the flare sank and was extinguished. The bright green light had closed his irises, and now the darkness that returned seemed blacker than ever.
He had an idea. Using his gun. He had spare magazines. Blast a series of holes in the stone floor right up to the top and use them as hand-holds. He had the bullets and the aim to manage it. Yes, he could -
“Jacky!” came a shout from above. He looked. Stood in the doorway at the top of the slope, what seemed like a hundred miles away, was a silhouetted figure. Leo, by the sound of it. “Are you okay?”
“Fine!” he called back, edging his tone with sarcasm. 
“How are you doing?”
He couldn’t believe this. “Don’t mind me, you get off, or you’ll be late for the Village Idiot competition. I’ve got money on you.”
She vanished from the doorway, but continued to talk. Her voice was barely audible at this distance.
“Can you get back up?”
“Silly me, I never thought of that. Attempt to get out of this certain death situation. Good idea.”
“I have copyrighted the comedian sidekick part of this team, babe. I’ll sue you. Stick to being beautiful and tough.”
She was back in the doorway, carrying a bright ball of light that soon came bouncing down the slope towards him. A lamp on a wire. His hopes flared. At one point, the glass broke and the bulb shattered against the concrete. The metal casing continued its decent, tumbling over the edge and hanging there, just above the sludge.
“I don’t mean to be condescending here, but you have tied this to something, haven’t you?” he shouted up.
“My pet Tommy the tortoise. He’ll pull you up. See you in six weeks.”
Despite his situation, Jacky couldn’t avoid a little giggle.
He dove and caught the cable. This time he wasn't worried about slamming into a stone wall, and this time he cracked it hard, causing a grunt of pain. Hands, knees, elbows, all scraped. The backpack strapped to his front saved his chest from any damage.
He hauled himself up and over the lip and then got to his feet. He started to walk up the slope, threading the cable through his hands. He slipped a few times and banged already hurt parts of his body (again the backpack saved his chest), but he was soon at the top. Needless to say, it took less than six weeks.
“Thank you.” Jacky said when he was once more on flat, safe ground. He could have kissed the flat stone floor, but time was against them. He put his backpack on the right way after extracting another flare, which he put in his pocket, and after inserting a fresh magazine clip into his gun.
“Is the other guy dead?” Leo asked. Jacky just nodded. Leo said, “I don’t know about my guy, so we should go.”
Jacky was already halfway out the south door.
He raced up the stone steps, widening the gap between Leo and himself. He was panting by the time they got to the top. But there was no time to stop. Jacky raced along the corridor, looking through the bars of each cell, trying each door. Leo followed, just watching.
“I give up, what are you doing?” she said after a few seconds. Somewhere beyond the stairs at the other end, there was a loud clang, that of an iron door shutting. Both Leo and Jacky looked that way.
“They’ve locked us in,” Jacky said.
“Who? They’ve all gone.”
Leo was staring at Jacky. She watched as he stiffened. “You did say tigers, didn’t you?”
Leo turned her head. Seconds later, at the end of the corridor, Gabrielle’s two monstrous tigers appeared, racing down the stairs, forced to do it single file because of their size. Snarling, clawing the air as if fighting invisible enemies, their evil yellow eyes fixed on the two people who stood halfway down the corridor.
"Holy fucking shit," Leo said.
Leo and Jacky bolted at the same time. And of course, the killer tigers chased them.

59
On the monitor, her babies chased the man and woman down the corridor, and it stirred in Gabrielle a sense of pride. Pride because she had made them how they were, had ingrained into their minds the insanity that fuelled their bloodlust, into their muscles the hydraulics that powered their awesome bodies. For a brief moment she regretted leaving the animals behind. Then she felt the weight of their child in her arms, her little baby, and her sense of loss was vanquished.
The feeling of pride was good, better than the anger and hate she’d felt at seeing both Jacky and the traitorous Leona escaping certain death. Now they were both alive and her three highly trained men were dead. But that would soon change. The Jacky and Leona being alive part, that was. Her pets would see to that.
Video, the male, was so much quicker. Because he was male? Because he was longer and more seasoned with his new body and had had more time to adapt? Because his was the role of aggressor? Gabrielle didn’t know. But it was good to watch. It was intriguing to watch the man and woman, too. Jacky and Leona. Once friends, then enemies, and now, under threat of death, fired by desperation, they were bonded again. Not as friends and not as enemies, but something else. Some other human emotion that might be worth studying at a later date and in a more controlled atmosphere. Volunteers were easy to come by; methods of torture and death easy to create.
Jacky and Leona left the range of Camera 3 and entered the area covered by Camera 4. They darted down the steps at the end of the corridor.
Camera 5 was on the ceiling of this staircase, aimed down. It showed Jacky’s and Leona’s receding backs. Gabrielle watched, fascinated.  

60
Marcellus was on the phone to his son when Jameson yanked open the fuselage door of the chopper. Normally no power, event or problem on the planet would interrupt Marcellus’ time with his boy, but the look on Jameson’s face said this was time for an exception.
“The other troop is leaving.”
“Hang on a second, Choc,” Marcellus said into the phone. He climbed out of the chopper. Jameson pointed into the sky, but there was no need. A couple of miles distant, easily heard and seen, a number of choppers were rising into the air.
Everybody watched as the choppers flew further downriver, keeping low. 
Jameson said. “They’re looking for something. No prizes for guessing.”
“Oh, there is one prize,” Marcellus remarked. Although he did love his son more than anything in the world, he was only human and therefore cursed with an imperfect memory. He threw the mobile phone away without thinking. “We follow them. They’ve obviously found some clue.”
“One chopper in the air to direct a ground assault?”
“That’s your department, remember?”
“I’ll set it in motion. What about Jacky and Leo?”
Marcellus just stared after the receding choppers, and eventually Jameson had to shake his shoulder. Jameson repeated his question.
“Oh, I’m sure they’re fine,” Marcellus said.


61
Angelo raised his knife. He wobbled as he stood there because one of his legs was broken and a shoulder cracked, but the look on his face said he believed his injuries would be no hindrance.
Jacky and Leo came flying through the south door and into the antechamber and stopped. Jacky shoved Leo aside and she fell on her butt. Jacky just stood there in the doorway, hands raised in surrender. Angelo, stood in the centre of the room, approached, grinning. 
“Jackson, I’m going to use this to widen -“
He stopped there as the next stage of events came into play. So quick, Jacky dove aside. In his place, almost as if by magic, was a huge monster with silver teeth. Angelo had time to remember that those teeth were coated with Teflon and then his body was crushed. He felt hot, stinking breath and then hot, searing pain.
Jacky landed, rolled, came up with his gun drawn. The door. He spun, a leg coming up, his foot landing square and hard against the open south door. It banged almost all the way shut, there was a sickly half-squelch, half-clang and the door was smashed open. The door nearly hit crushed Jacky's legs. It hit the wall hard enough to rain brick dust onto the floor. There was a great blood smear on the iron.
Still carried by momentum, unchecked by the door, the great adult tigress, Lampshade, sailed into the antechamber, toppled, skidded, and crashed into her mate and his still screaming dinner. Lampshade’s face was bashed in, a flap of flesh hanging loose, exposing a steel plate bolted to her forehead. The plate, Jacky knew, had certainly saved the animal from a crushed skull.
Video turned and snapped instinctively at the thing that had knocked him. He stopped when he saw it was his partner. That was the last logical thing his illogical brain ever did. After that, chaos reigned in the mad creature’s mind.
As the beast snapped its great jaws around the battered face of the tigress, Jacky unleashed a stream of bullets at all three of them, knowing that Angelo was dead and would therefore put up no complaint.
“Out!” was the simple order he shouted at Leo, who was on her feet in a second and out the south door in another one.
Video yelped just once as the bullets dug in all over his body. That one yelp and that was it, he was turning, his jaws bloodied, fixing Jacky with his evil yellow eyes. Bullets erupted flesh and sent blood splattering; but some also pinged off into the walls, deflected by hard metal below the flesh.
Lampshade was dying. She lay on her side, panting, face torn open. A small piston was visible at the point where the maxilla and mandible - upper and lower jaws - were joined. Jacky didn’t want to imagine the increased power that applied to already awesomely strong jaws.
Video leaped. He landed on top of Jacky, who tried to duck and roll aside as man and beast fell. His left leg was trapped under the surprisingly soft belly of the tiger. He scrambled free before those teeth could sink into his flesh. He rolled over, planning to sit up and fire off some more bullets. But as he rolled, the ground slipped away from him. Reacting purely out of desperation, Jacky  dropped his gun and reached out for something to steady himself. He found himself clutching the doorframe in the west wall, one leg bent under him, the other hanging down into the room with the sunken floor . . . and facing the bloodied teeth of a monster.
He looked round. Thirty feet. It was preferable. He let go of the doorframe, pushed away, twisted in the air, and dropped into the room. The tiger snapped at where his head had been half a second earlier.
He landed hard, rolled over to lessen the impact, came up on his knees, staring up. The tiger was in the doorway, staring down. God, it filled the doorframe.
Jacky had seen domesticated cats attempting to jump down from heights they didn’t quite trust. The hind legs were flattened, creating a sturdy base, while the upper body was lowered over the edge, forepaws flat against the wall. This was designed to lower the animal as much as possible, decrease the height of fall, before it jumped. That was what this monster above him was doing now. Preparing to jump into this room after him.
Jacky backed off, looked around. The walls were smooth, not a single hand-hold. And why should there be - it was supposed to be filled with water. He could see the tidemark just below the bottom of the doorframe at either end of the room.
Marco’s body was here, broken and unconscious, or dead. His machine gun, too. Jacky snatched it up, aimed at the beast, fired.
No, it didn’t fire. Gun was bent slightly, battered in the fall, and the trigger wouldn’t depress. Damn!
He tossed the gun aside and once more backed off. The great tiger was shuffling its thick backside, tensing itself, mere seconds from launching itself into the air and joining him in the room. He was in a box, with no way out. Two doors, thirty feet up. For the second time in ten minutes, Jacky Jackson acknowledged that this might be the day he died. 
With a growl of rage, it leaped.

62
It didn’t growl, it groaned, and it didn’t jump, it fell. And as it cleared the doorframe, Jacky was shocked to see Angelo stood up there, knife in hand, gored beyond repair but somehow standing. The look on his face was almost one of triumph.
Cats always land on their feet. Cats that aren’t part robot, that aren’t already suffering from knife and bullet wounds. This cat landed hard enough to shake the room, head first, flailing forelegs unable to break its fall.
“Bit me now!” Angelo croaked. Then he collapsed to his knees, one hand on the doorframe to prevent his own fall into the room.
The great tiger raised its smashed head. There was blood all over the place, and a steady jet of something darker, thicker erupting from its broken skull, pulsing in tune to its heartbeat.
Oil.
Its left hind leg began vibrating wildly. Mechanical breakdown? This didn’t negate the beast’s bloodlust: still it came, shuffling along, forcing Jacky to back off.
The oil meant for its mechanical components was pooling around the tiger, mixing with its blood. Jacky almost felt sorry for it.
A strange whine filled the air, a noise that was purely mechanical. Jacky stared in fascination as the beast opened its jaws wide, as if ready to taste him. Wider, wider. His own jaw dropped as he watched the tiger’s open to an almost impossible angle, forced by the haywire pistons at the back of its mouth. He visibly shivered as a resounding crack echoed around the large, empty room. Bone snapping.
The poor beast toppled onto its side, legs kicking. Its voice was a low moan now. Blood and oil leaked, confirming what Jacky suspected. The tiger was dead.
Jacky looked up. Angelo, still on his knees, his own blood dripping onto the floor thirty feet below him, had pulled his pistol and was aiming it. Jacky almost laughed at the absurdity of this whole day, and wondered just how much worse it was going to get.

63
The report of the pistol was deafening in the room, the sounds bouncing off every wall, the floor, the ceiling, the echoes and echoes of echoes making the nine fired shots sound like ninety. When it was over, Angelo dropped the gun. Jacky stared at the tiger, now very dead, its head and body punctured, battered, shredded by .45 calibre rounds.
As he watched, Angelo opened a long pocket in the thigh of his trousers and extracted a thin but tough rope. His movements were awkward, slow, and obviously causing him great pain. Despite all this, he eventually managed to tie the rope around his waist. He faced the doorway, braced a foot against each jamb, and lay back. Jacky was puzzled. 
The free end of the rope came sailing through the doorway and into the room. 
Jacky took hold of the dangling rope and began to climb. He thought about a setup, but then he thought about everything else that had occurred, and repeated a previous thought. Could this day get any more absurd?

64
In a chopper about eight miles from the prison, Gabrielle stared at a monitor and watched Jacky Jackson climb the rope given him by one of her own men and felt emotions she didn’t like. Anger, disappointment. She was not used to these feelings and wanted them gone. But they would not go. She had been betrayed. Her enemy was still alive and her two babies were defeated. Video lay in that room all bloodied and dead. Lampshade was surely in the antechamber, whose camera had been turned aside, probably by another traitor, Leona.
If not for the fact that she felt she was close to her destiny, Gabrielle would have ordered the choppers to turn back. As it was, the knowledge that Jacky Jackson, Angelo and Leona were fated to die as mere mortals was enough to comfort her. 
She tossed the monitor out the door. Trailing wires, it crashed into the river a hundred metres below.

65
Angelo spoke without opening his eyes.
“Don’t ask questions. I was betrayed, so I have helped that bitch's enemy. Lucky for you, I want her dead a little more than I want you dead, and I can't have both. So I have no choice but to let you go, because you're the only one who wants to stop her. You will do that for me and my men. You will kill her and say it was for me. Now get away from me. I don’t want to have to look at you.”
Jacky knew that the man was showing great restraint. Just because they’d  survived a terrible ordeal, it didn’t make them friends. He was showing similar restraint himself.
“I’ll fetch help for you.”
“Don’t bother. Just get away -“
“I’m not cold-blooded like you,” he interrupted. "And I do what needs to be done. I'll put a bullet in the skull of a man who pulls a gun on me, but as soon as he's down I will try to save him." Jacky stood over him to make sure he knew he wasn't the one in charge here “I fancy a good night’s guilt-free sleep, so I'll fetch you help.”
And with that, Jacky left, with no intention of getting the killer any help. 
He found Leo upstairs, stood by the door at the top of the stairs, looking ready to slam it if the wrong person appeared at the bottom. She looked terrified and tired because she’d spent the last ten minutes shaking like a leaf.
“Those creatures are dead," Jacky said "The men with guns are dead. So relax and tell me what the hell is going on here. Those animals?”
Leo was silent for a short time. When she spoke, it wasn't to answer his question. She turned away from him. "I didn't do it for money, Jacky."
"Do what?" he said, knowing full well what she meant. 
"Gabrielle did contact me, but there was no money offered. She told me to get her any information you found or she would hurt Marcellus's son. If I told her what you found out, she promised not to hurt him. I said yes. That's it."
He didn't answer. He waited for her reaction to his silence. Truth was, he believed her.
Her reaction was to turn to him, compose herself, and say, “The tigers? Gabrielle loves experiments. When she gets hold of the magic in that tomb, she’ll seem all kind and benevolent because she’ll make others like her, immortal. Then come the experiments.”
“She sounds like a swell girl. Where have they all gone?”
“I didn’t catch all of the story, just a part, just something someone had found in a file.”
“File?”
“She came here to look through old files. She was hoping to find something , something that might yield clues to the tomb’s location. Exactly the same idea we had.”
“We? You aren’t part of the same group as me. Heck, I’m a group all on my own now. Did you give Baldy the idea?”
Leo hung her head. 
“Silly me, of course you did,” Jacky said. “As soon as I’d told you back in Nova Scotia. I bet you got straight on the phone.”
“What do we do now? I’m trying to make amends, you know.”
“Very honourable. I’d knight you if I had a sword. Either that or cut off your head. What did they find? What was this ‘part’ you heard?”
“All I caught was something about a prisoner being tortured. He is supposed to have begged for mercy and offered a treasure aboard a sunken ship in the river. It was thought that this ship might be Lawrence Marcellus’s, one that he built after Henry Wren and his men abandoned him.”
“And it may have sank with these so-called magic seeds aboard? Let them believe that if they want. We’re going to try something else.”
“What?”
Jacky waved a hand, indicating the wide corridor with its two rows of cells.
“If Patrick’s descendent was in one of these cells, he might have been bored enough to scribble things on the wall. It’s the best option we have.”

66
A call came through on the radio. Gabrielle looked out the window and down. The sun was beginning to set; its light made the river look orange, almost like flowing fire.
“I can’t see anything.”
The pilot transferred this fact across the radio. An answer was quickly forthcoming.
Gabrielle looked. To help, the pilot dropped the chopper lower. 
“Is that the point?”
The pilot spoke into his radio, then came back with: “Mr. Baxter thinks he’s seen something. But I can’t just yet.”
“Then let’s land and see.”
A few minutes later the choppers were down and asleep, and the sounds of the jungle reigned once more: the kiss of leaves against leaves in the wind that stirred the tops of the trees, the patter of the rain against the ground, the living sounds of the rainforest’s inhabitants, everything from golden toads to stinkbirds (so called because they smell like cow shit), monkeys to ferocious caimans. And of course the musical rustle of the massive Oyapock River coursing south south-west through the continent.
Gabrielle stood on the west bank at a sharp meander, staring into the water. Now that the sun’s rays weren’t bouncing off the water and into her eyes, she could see what Baxter had seen. The water was slightly murky, but not so much so that she couldn’t make out a firm shape about three metres below the surface.
A boat. Obviously, it had sailed too close to the bank, carried by alluvion, and had torn its hull on rocks in the shallow water.
“Please,” she called out, turning to face her men, to study their faces. “Someone, be kind enough to go and fetch my destiny, would you? The man who does gets a blank cheque.”
It was funny to see their faces, to watch them run and dive into the river without a thought for safety, for preparation.

67
At the exit-end of the corridor was a lever in the wall. It had no markings, and whatever wires or cogs it was connected to, they were deep inside the wall it protruded from. Jacky looked at it cautiously.
“It won’t bite,” Leo said, seeing his expression.
“When you’ve experienced as many levers as I have, you lose some of your optimism.”
“What can it possibly do? I bet it opens the cells. What else?”
Jacky examined it closely, looking for cracks in the wall and the floor, looking up at the ceiling.
Leo found this amusing. “You think it activates a booby trap? Come on!”
She pulled the lever before Jacky could shout a warning. There came a deep rumbling, and then all the cell doors opened.
“How else?” Leo said, a triumphant smirk on his face. “Don’t read so much Indiana Jones.”
He tried to think of a retort, but nothing came. "Come on, let’s search these cells.”
They took a side each. They needed to use flares because the two lights in the corridor weren’t bright enough to fully illuminate the dirty cells’ walls.
There were all sorts of scribblings on the walls, most of it in French. Words and pictures. Some of the doodles were lewd enough to require no translation into any language. Jacky saw poems mentioning sweethearts; these could be dismissed. In all the others on his side, there was nothing to indicate the name of the person who’d spent time locked up there, and certainly nothing that had relevance to Babylon or any other part of this whole mess.
Jacky exited the last cell. “Find anything, he called to Leo, who had just finished her own search.
Leo came out of a cell with her flare, looking at her finger. Then she put her finger into her mouth and sucked on it. “Nada.”
“This is no good. What’s happened?” Jacky pointed at Leo’s hand.
“Cut myself. Someone’s toenail sticking out the wall. Been using it to draw pictures.”
“Nice.”
“Next move?”
Jacky thought. “Perhaps a visit to this sunken ship that was mentioned. It might . . .” Leo was studying something small that she held between her thumb and forefinger. She dropped it and kicked it. “What was that?”
“The toenail.”
Jacky had only glimpsed it briefly, but that nail hadn’t looked like a man’s toenail. He bent, looking on the dirty floor for it.
“What are you doing?”
He found it and examined it.
“Jacky? You aren’t one of these people who collects them in a jar? Uuugghh.”
Jacky’s eyes widened.  “Which cell? Where’s this from?”
Leo pointed. Five seconds later, Jacky was in that cell, kneeling on the floor, running his hands over the engravings on one wall.
“Fifth time lucky - Jacky? No, he’s deaf. I’ll just talk to myself. How am I doing? Oh, fine, really.”
The engraving, which was really just grooves dug into the soft stone wall, showed nothing legible. It didn’t look like it was supposed to be anything at all, just marks. A line that forked into two, with words scratched below. “La Chaise.” However, someone had crossed out the “aise” and written above it “esis.” To create another word. 
“I didn’t know what all that meant. I don’t know French. Is it relevant?”
Jacky passed the “toenail” back to Leo, without looking away from the scoured wall. “Does that look human to you?”
Leo had a good look. To be honest, no, it didn’t. It was tapered to a point. “More like some animal’s claw. Something small. Like a cat.”
“Or a lizard. Hylonomus lyelli, for instance.”
“I’m lost. And I don’t mean because I’m in an underground abandoned prison in the jungles of South America.”
Jacky was remembering the necklace. The toes. The one with the broken-off claw. “He broke it doing this?”
“Who?”
“Scratching this.”
“Who?”
Jacky went silent, studying the wall. “La Chaise.” Changed to “Lachesis.” It seemed like the bored defacing of someone else’s bored scribblings, but it had come from a mind that knew things he needed to know, and perhaps something at the forefront of that mind had unwittingly come through in this graffito.
“Is this relevant?” Leo asked again. 
Something clicked in Jacky’s mind. He started to smile, but cut it off as something additional clicked. This new revelation sent a chill went down his spine. He looked at that word, Lachesis, and he thought about the necklace made of bone. He stood and left the cell, with Leo following behind, asking questions. He ignored them all until she physically stopped him
“Partners, remember. Tough, beautiful adventurer and comedian sidekick. Now where are you going?”
“King Mudammiq’s tomb, of course. I know where it is.”
This time when he walked away, Leo just followed.

68
One set of noises not made known to Gabrielle and her mob in the minutes after they’d landed and the choppers had quieted was that made by Marcellus’s squad as they crept through the jungle towards them. Some of the ex-soldiers in the squad had fought in jungles before and knew how to move quietly and safely. These were the ones who had led the way, who had cut a swath through the dense undergrowth and who had got them through areas infested with living dangers.
Whatever clues the enemy had found, they had brought Marcellus’s squad almost all the way back up the river. Two miles ahead, the river widened considerably, and gave into the Atlantic Ocean. Barely a hundred metres ahead, a team of men in black, obviously professionals just like Marcellus's men, were fussing around at the riverbank. 
This close to the coast, the super humid forest had been left behind and the mangrove forest that fringed the entire northern coast of the Guianas had once more taken over. This was better. These evergreen trees had pneumataphores, breathing roots that rose from the muddy ground so they could absorb oxygen. This close to the river, the density of the trees was not so great that it hindered movement, but enough to provide adequate cover for a bunch of men with guns.
The other mob was situated where there was a break in the mangroves that had allowed them to land three choppers. Marcellus, wearing a canvas helmet with a netted face to stop insects, looked through a pair of binoculars at the activity further down. He wasn’t yet concerned with what was in the river, what had just prompted about eight men to rush and dive in; he was seeking the top player here, the boss and organiser of this mission. Whoever this person was, Marcellus was sure he or she had also instigated the attack on Jacky in Nova Scotia. He wanted to see the face of his newest enemy. A person who seemed to know almost as much as he did about King Mudammiq’s tomb. And that was the scariest part.

69
Gabrielle turned her face to the great wedge of sky visible between the tops of the trees lining each riverbank. It was turning a deep red now, as if blood had been pumped into its blue liquid form. She had hoped to complete this all before nightfall, but that wasn’t really likely now, not unless someone quickly found something -
“I found something!” someone shouted. She looked. A man was climbing out of the river, aided by some of the mercenaries who hadn’t dived in. The man in question was Peter. She laughed. All these highly trained soldiers, and the hero of the hour was going to be her electronics expert.
He pushed away his helpers and ran towards Gabrielle, lugging something that he dropped on the ground before her. He fell on his knees in front of her and the item, coughing, dripping water, rubbing mud off his face and out of his eyes.
The object was a small chest. It was adorned with engravings that looked old; the amount of rust suggested a long time in the water. Gabrielle’s hope soared like a hawk on a hot current of air. Peter beamed up at her. Gabrielle stared down at what he’d found. Everyone else watched the pair; the mercenaries were so intrigued that they didn’t even turn to help their empty-handed colleagues who had also resurfaced and were trying to climb up the muddy bank.
Carefully, like a mother cradling his newborn, Gabrielle took the chest into her hands. She fought the urge to rip open the lid, instead wanting to savour this moment, the apprehension she felt at knowing she was on the threshold of a new experience, a new life, a whole new world. She suddenly wished she had a mirror: her own expression right now would tell volumes.

70
They reached the closed metal door. Jacky stared through the bars, up at the sky.
“Dark,” he said. He snapped back the bolt and yanked the door open. Outside, the rain on his head was a welcomed friend after the musty air below.
“So that’s what that black stuff in the sky is. I did always wonder.”
“Good. Now that that part’s over, you can join me in wondering how the hell we’re going to move through a gigantic rainforest in the black of night. I don’t recall where I saw the last streetlamp.
Suddenly Leo didn’t feel like making any more jokes. “Gets quite black, I assume? Can I also assume that all the snakes and giant spiders come out at night?”
“You can, but you’d be wrong.”
Leo visibly relaxed.
“They wouldn’t dare because of all the alligators,” Jacky added.
“Please tell me you’re joking!”
“What can I say? This is a jungle, with jungle creatures. I don’t know what lives out here. But I do know I don’t want to be stuck out here when it gets dark. You can’t exactly navigate by the trees out here.”
“It won’t be that bad, will it? We’ve got the flares.”
“You know what a bright flare is out here? It’s a ‘please come and attack us’ sign in leviathan flying insect language.”
Giant mosquitoes appeared in Leo’s mind. She raised a hand tentatively into the air. “Please, miss, can I wake up now?”
“Come on,” Jacky said, starting to walk. “We’ll go back to the camp. If we can bloody find it.”
“But what about Marcellus?”
“He doesn’t know you’re a traitor, and he doesn’t know I’m onto him. We’ll just pretend we found nothing.”
“I’m surprised he didn’t come after us. But what if he did? And what if he’s bumped into Gabrielle and all sorts of shit is breaking loose?”
“Don’t worry,” Jacky said. “We have pole position.”
“Eh? In what, the race to doom?”
“The race for the tomb.” 
“Oh god!” Leo moaned, almost tripping over a dead branch “I really, really want to wake up now. I’ll toss and turn all night, I don’t mind.”
“Wake up later. For now, dream us walking a couple of miles through predator-filled jungle, back to camp.”
“Last time I dreamed anything like that, I had to boil-wash the bedsheets.”


71
Marcellus felt a ball of anxiety inside his stomach that he thought was going to burn a hole in him, drop out of his body and scorch its way deep into the earth, lost forever, taking with it all his dreams.
Then he saw his men, and their guns, and after that he just saw red. How far he’d come. How much he’d suffered over the years, waiting for a break. How much he’d begged his father to share with him the secrets of the diary, which the old man had tried to translate alone, seeking the help of no one. All that waiting and suffering was not going to be for nothing, dammit.
He had wished his father dead. He had been glad when the old man had finally gone and the diary had come to him. If he could be so cold to his own blood in order to move a step closer to immortality, then what was his reservation about sorting out this bunch of unknown intruders?
There wasn’t one.
He stood up, eyes wide with anger. His men, crouched, hidden amongst the mangrove roots, looked up at him. He pointed at the intruders. “For every one of those bastards left alive five minutes from now, I take one million pounds off your reward.”
At first there was silence from his men. They just stared. Some were puzzled as to what he meant; others tried to read his face for signs of a joke. In the end, it took the actions of a greedy, young and trigger-happy man to set things going. He aimed his gun and fired a series of shots through the jungle. Overhead, a thousand birds took to the air, the collective noise of their flapping wings like that of a great wave smashing a beach. A hundred metres away, everyone reacted. Fire was returned. Of course, by this time every single man in Marcellus’ employ with a gun was shooting.  

72
As ex-soldiers, Marcellus’ men hadn’t seen proper combat for a long time. Gabrielle’s, however, were mercenaries with a long list of battles on their C.V.s, including most recently the unsuccessful one on Plum Island. Their expertise quickly shone through as they gained the upper hand, moving in close enough to their attackers so that a few unarmed battles broke out. Someone in Marcellus’ group got panicked enough to start tossing grenades about. They had asked for them and Marcellus had obliged without thinking of the damage that could be done. The damage this day was that two of Gabrielle’s choppers exploded and lit up the dark sky, not to mention the river water and earth that flew into the air.
Gabrielle was tasting immortality already, it seemed. Having had enough of watching this gunfight, she calmly walked off into the jungle, carrying her treasure. No care for the bullets flying around. She sat on a fallen tree not twenty metres from the nearest man with a gun and opened the chest. In her captivation with what might or might not be inside, she hardly heard the gunfire around her.
She opened the lid. The inside of the lid was mirrored, and she stared at her own reflection, not really liking the expression. Was that fear? Intriguing.
Finally she looked down, at the contents of the waterlogged treasure chest.

73
It was quite dark by the time they got back to the site where Marcellus’ choppers had landed. Despite Jacky’s warnings about using light, it had become so pitch black in the jungle that flares had been essential. Consequently, the insects had come and they had teeth. Red welts were evident all over Leo’s face and she continually made her displeasure known. She moaned about the cold that had settled with the disappearance of the sun. Jacky tried to shut her voice out.
Leo climbed inside one of the Land Rovers to get away from the flying monsters. Jacky went over to the four motorbikes tied together near a tree. He inspected them.
He untied them and wheeled two away, doing so in the dim light from a flare that he had tossed on the ground so the insects leave him alone. He started both bikes up and got on one. The engine warmed him immediately.
He waved to Leo, who waved back. He waved for her to come over, and she stuck two fingers up at him. So he spun the handlebars and turned on the headlight, splashing the Land Rover with light. Inside, Leo moaned as big flying things attacked the glass. She stabbed the horn, but they remained. She quickly got out of the vehicle and ran to Jacky.
“Are you trying to get me eaten?” he said.
“We’re taking the bikes. Otherwise, it’s a long walk or an impossible drive. Stop being a girl.”
“Are you joking? Let’s wait until morning.”
“Bad guys might come before then. I’m going. Catch up if you’re coming.”
And with that the bike roared away, lurching and bumping over the uneven ground as Jacky weaved through the trees. 
“Wait!” Leo shouted. she got on the other bike and followed the receding beam of Jacky’s vehicle. 

74
Jameson took his boss’s hand and hauled him deep into the cover of the jungle. Like lovers running through a sun-drenched field of daisies, they bolted through the wet flora hand-in-hand. Marcellus was fit, awesomely so, and Jameson highly overweight; still, it was the ex-soldier who had to stop for his panting boss after just fifty yards. Marcellus collapsed against a tree, swiping at large insects that were attracted to his sweat. Behind them, the gunfight was still raging, the sounds still heavy on the ears even at this distance.
Fear was making Marcellus exhausted, Jameson knew.
“Wait here, I’ll go back to -“
“No, stay,” Marcellus interrupted, grabbing Jameson’s hand again, clutching it tightly in both his own. 
“You’re right,” Jameson said, sickened by this show of fear much as one might be repulsed by internal organs on show. “The men can handle themselves,” he lied. “Let’s get back to the camp and wait for them.” 

75
“All dead,” replied the mercenary, Carlos, who had assumed command in Angelo’s absence.
“Are you sure?” Gabrielle said. “Your face doesn’t look as confident as your voice sounds. Turn over all the face-down bodies. Put a bullet in each forehead.”
“A few escaped into the jungle,” Carlos said nervously. “Should I send a team?”
“All dead, yet a few escaped into the jungle? Are we talking zombies?” Carlos’s mouth moved, but no words would come. She didn’t make him suffer long: “Here, share this amongst your men.” She handed over the small chest. Carlos took it, eyeing his suspiciously. He peeked inside; his eyes widened. Gabrielle watched him run off and distribute the contents amongst those men of his who weren’t dead. They reacted as would anyone being given jewellery made valuable by age: glee.
“Some for the fallen,” Gabrielle called out, feeling a rare moment’s pity. She went over, grabbed a fistful of jewellery from the chest and sprinkled it amongst the bloodied, lifeless bodies. Then she ordered the men to kick the bodies of the corpses - friend and foe - into the river. When this was done, Gabrielle watched the rushing water sweep the bodies away.
“What’s our next move?” Carlos said afterward. 
Gabrielle was staring into the river, thinking. Thinking how daft she’d been to believe that the treasures of a convict a hundred years ago would have been anything more than a box of trinkets. Wondering if they should return to the prison to search for more clues. No, better yet, they’d take to the air and fly about in the choppers, searching the ground for clues, for more enemies. Yes, they’d do that.
She waved away the annoying man like a curious fly. Carlos went.

76
“Behold the Bifurquer de Destin,” Jacky said. “The Fork of Fate.”
“I am beholding,” Leo said, but she wasn’t impressed.
They were stood at the riverbank. Behind them, their bikes sat cooling after the long ride. Leo’s muscles ached, those in her forearms throbbing. For the last two hours, they’d roared through the thick rainforest as fast as the rough landscape would allow, and had managed to cover almost thirty miles. They’d passed two villages and skimmed by the edge of a small town.
Leo’s head hurt and she couldn’t concentrate; it had been a nightmare journey through a black and bumpy world filled with the echo of engines. Maybe that was why she failed to see what was so special about the place that had Jacky so intrigued.
There was a roughly triangular-shaped island in the centre of the river, covered like most of this country by greenery. Between each side and the riverbank there was only a fifteen metre gap. Where it was forced through these thin alleys, the Oyapock became a frothing stream of water that literally hummed with power. Jacky wondered how any boat, especially an ancient one, could navigate safely through either of those channels without smashing itself to pieces. The dark made the river seem all the more terrifying.
“Remember the drawings on the cell wall? The fork?”
Leo just looked at him.
“This is it. It was in a travel book. Our biggest clue yet.”
“So the chap’s buried on that little island? I thought there’d be a big pyramid or something.”
“Would Mudammiq really have remained hidden all this time if that were so?”
“So how do you know, anyway? That stuff on the wall didn’t exactly make sense to me.”
“Someone had written ‘La Chaise’ on the wall. Someone else had changed it to Lachesis? It was just a case of a bored man locked in a cell defacing a wall. It wasn’t meant as a clue or anything.”
“So maybe it isn’t a clue at all. What is this La Chaise thing? This Lachesis?”
“La Chaise was a famous French Jesuit. The Jesuits sent missions to South America in the 1600s. Obviously, the guy in the cell originally was a Jesuit, but not La Chaise himself. And Lachesis - well, Lachesis was one of the three Fates in Greek mythology. He used a spindle to spin out the thread of human life. He decided how long it would be, and thus how long a person would live.”
“And why is that a clue?”
Jacky stared at the island. “If it is, I’m thinking neither Marcellus nor Gabrielle will be happy chappies when this is all over.”
“I’m still confused. Relevance between this island and that cell wall?”
“The Fork of Fate, this island, was so named by the French because when you got here, the current took over. If it swept you to the left - well, look how much more rapid the river runs on that side. You had a better chance at survival if your craft was swept to the right. This was where Fate was tested. I’m thinking that a man like Mudammiq, with his plans for immortality, wouldn’t want to risk everything on the unpredictable current of a foreign river. I’m guessing that they sailed no further. Besides, does either of those channels look wide enough to accommodate a boat the size of one that would be needed to cross oceans and carry many men and equipment?”
“Forget oceans for now. If that’s our place, how to we get across?”
Jacky had to admit that on that one he was stumped.

77
Marcellus collapsed into the back seat of a Jeep, panting. He was aching all over.
They had just gotten back to camp. Jameson was currently piling what dry wood he could find for a fire. Marcellus was going to give that man a serious pay rise when they got back home. Lately, the man had displayed stamina that belied his weight and a loyalty that plucked at the heart strings.
His thoughts were interrupted by Jameson’s voice, calling him to come and look at something.
“I was going to siphon petrol from one of the motorcycles for the fire,” the chief of security said. “Look.”
Marcellus didn’t need it explaining. Two of the bikes were  missing. He had no doubt it was Jacky and Leo.
“Perhaps they found clues, came back to tell us and found us gone,” Jameson said.
“Perhaps they plan to cheat us,” Marcellus offered instead. 
Jameson considered this. “They’ve left tracks. We could follow. Politely ask them if that’s true.”
“Get some guns,” Marcellus snapped.

78
Leo and Jacky stood at the point that was closest to the western point of the base of the triangular island. Below them, rushing water. The bank of the island was ten metres away and steep. Jacky noticed this.
“If we jump and don’t make it, then it’s hello death.”
Leo stared, aghast. “We can’t make that. Carl Lewis couldn’t make this jump.”
“But Evil Knievil could.” Jacky turned and walked back to their bikes. Leo watched him. When she realised his plan, she groaned.
“You’re mad!”
“You don’t want to believe what those doctors say. Step aside, please.”
“No. You’re being stupid. Let’s . . .”
“It’s only ten metres. These are off-road bikes. There’s a slight incline. The landing’ll be tough, but hey, no idea’s perfect.”
“I have one. It involves two hunks and my bed back home. Thank you.”
Jacky shook his head. He got off the bike, but left the engine running. He came, took Leo’s hand, and dragged her. She thought he was simply moving her aside. Instead, he made her sit on the bike.
“I can’t ride as well as you. At least let me write my will first.”
“Write it on the other side,” Jacky said, and climbed on the bike in front of her. She clutched his waist hard.
“Which other side?” she moaned. “The same one John Lennon’s on?”
Jacky didn’t answer. In three seconds he had started the engine, gunned the throttle and urged the bike into motion. It shot forward so abruptly that Leo was almost left standing.
Twenty metres later, they hit the incline and then the ground dropped away. Leo saw only the black behind her eyelids, however; heard only the guttural moan that came from her own mouth, even above the roaring water raging below her. She barely felt the landing, so smooth was it. But she felt the sharp pain of the undergrowth on the other side cutting into her legs as the bike tore through it, felt the bike tilt to one side and then skid. Then she and Jacky were on the ground, rolling. They came to a stop suffering nothing more damaging than dizziness. 
She opened her eyes to see that they were tangled in the thick undergrowth, she, man and bike. Jacky was smiling at her. He got up and dusted himself off.
“No John Lennon,” he said. “I guess we made it.” He reached down. Leo took his hand and was helped up.
“There’s no clear space this side. How do we get back?”
Jacky shrugged. “We’ll cross that lack of a bridge when we come to it,” he joked.

79
They walked for a short while and then stopped. Leo looked for a fallen tree to sit on; there was nothing. They all stood tall and erect and splendid. The soil must be good here, she thought. She leaned against one instead, watching as Jacky extracted something from his backpack. It looked like a laptop computer, but wasn’t even half as big as the smallest she’d ever seen.
“What you got?” he asked.
Jacky fiddled with it. “A little toy borrowed off the French government, courtesy of the good reference of a friend of mine.”
“Donkey Kong? Cool. Let’s have a go.” Leo came and stood by Jacky’s side, watching as he played with the machine. At his urging, a photo of South America appeared on the screen. It zoomed in on the Oyapock River, and then on a small dot that Leo assumed was this island.
“Are they satellite photos?”
“Indeed. High above us floats a satellite called Spot II. The French Government was kind enough to let me have a go with it. Spot II doesn’t orbit like other satellites, it retains a fixed position over South America. They have eight up there, each one in a different location, so the whole world is covered. And it even works well in the dark. This contraption allows me to play around with its lenses.”
“Cool. Can I have a go of the one over Europe? There’s a bar in Spain that I’d like to ray-blast out of there.”
“Oh look, a bare spot.”
“On this island?”
“On the back of the crown of your head. You’re going bald, girl.”
Jokingly, Leo clutched the back of her head and looked up, shaking her fist at the sky, at the satellite high above that sky.
“Near the middle of this island. A circular bare spot about ten metres across. This way.” Jacky put the device back into his backpack and started walking. Leo followed.
He stopped soon afterwards and put his face close to a tree. Leo looked too. There was a mark on the tree, a picture of a humanoid figure, slightly demonic. But the mark itself seemed natural, for it was nothing more than discolouration of the bark, as if it had grown that way.
“Wow,” Leo said. “Ancient graffiti?”
Jacky shook his head. “It looks like it has grown like. Could just be a natural mark that coincidentally looks like a demon.
“Don’t think so,” Leo said. “Check this.”
She was pointing at another tree. It bore a similar kind of mark, although the figure was different. In fact, there was a mark on every tree. Jacky counted Seven different “pictures”.
The island was only about a hundred metres long, so they found the centre quickly and easily. Here, there was no undergrowth, no trees. Instead, there was a perfectly round pond, about two metres in diameter. The water was clear and tinged green and very still; the edge of the pond was lined with brick.
They approached cautiously. Leo was staring at the water itself, surprised and puzzled by its calmness despite the wind, and by its colour; Jacky, however, was focussing on the thing that floated in its centre.
Now Leo noticed it. “What’s that?”
About the size of a football, it was a white decahedron, each face decagonal. It floated in such a way that only one face showed above the surface of the pond, but the clarity of the water allowed the pair to see the rest of the submerged object. Jacky knelt by the edge of the pond and leaned forward. He could see shapes drawn onto each face, one in each corner of each face. A hundred shapes. Those that were submerged were of course too blurred to read, but the ten displayed above the surface were perfectly clear.
Cuneiform.
“This is it,” Jacky croaked, his voice almost catching in his throat. “My god, I think we’ve found it.” Once more, he explained to Leo exactly what cuneiform was. “A hundred different characters. That doesn’t exactly cover the entire language, but I reckon it’ll be enough.”
“Enough for what?” Leo asked.
“To answer our questions.”
“Now I’m lost.”
“But how does it work?” he asked himself. He steadied himself with his left arm and reached out with his right, hoping to grab the object. But when his fingers got close, the object sank beneath the surface. It didn’t sink to the bottom, though; it just hung there, ten inches below the flat surface. 
When he withdrew his hand, the object returned to the surface, displaying the same face as before. 
Again Jacky tried to grasp it, and again it sank away from his touch like a frightened animal. This time he reached further, his fingers touching the cold water, but the object simply receded further. It wouldn’t let his flesh any closer than ten inches.
It floated on the surface once more. Jacky made a quick grab for it, but speed, it seemed, could not fool the thing.
“It doesn’t like you,” Leo said.
“It seems to react to something. Like two magnets of similar polarity. Possibly heat from my fingers."
He reached into his backpack and removed a pad and pen. He jotted down the ten characters displayed on the visible face, then made a quick translation.
“Symbols of greeting,” he explained. He got to his feet and began to pace in the clearing, staring at what he'd written. “Together they read nothing, but alone each is a kind of greeting word or term. It’s as if the thing is saying hello, like a welcome mat or something. But why won’t it show the other faces? How are we supposed to spin it round if we can’t touch it -“
“Jacky,” Leo called. He looked. Leo was knelt on the edge of the pool, staring at him. In her hands she held the object. She was stroking it.
“It likes me,” she joked.
Jacky dropped his pad. “How did you . . .“
He reached for the object, and it skipped out of Leo’s hands, dropping into the pond once more, where it floated into the centre and stopped. Again, the face of greeting was the one it displayed.
Leo jumped to her feet. “Bloody hell, what is that thing?”
“The Babylonians were fussy about what women could and could not be allowed to do. This must be payback. I think this is a job for the female of our team.”
“What am I supposed to do?”
“This thing is obviously here to guide us. Reach in and give it a spin.”
Nervously, Leo did just that. And this time when the object settled, the visible face was a different one. Jacky snatched up his pad. This time he jotted down the shape of the symbol located in the corner of the decagon that was closest to him, instead of noting all ten.
“Again,” he said. Leo spun the object again, and four seconds later Jacky copied down the shape of the cuneiform symbol at the bottom, the closest. As he worked at translation, a grin spread on his face.

80
“Erib-biti becomes in fall of the Seven in the sight of Nushku, who will reign in the bedimming of Sin in Heaven. The repentant may pray to Ea. Only through the Ordeal may any be judged.”
“I think I understood it better before translation,” Leo said a moment or two later. “Perhaps there’s more?”
Jacky studied his notes. “No, you saw for yourself, the object began to show the welcome face over and over after a while. This is it. I have an idea what it means.”
“Beans spilleth.”
“Well, Erib-biti means ‘temple entrant,” usually a priest. But I think in this case it means anyone who wishes to enter. The ‘Seven’ must be the Seven Evil Gods -“
“Are you sure it’s not the Seven Really Nice and Kind Gods?” Leo asked hopefully.
“Sorry. Quite evil. I’m thinking that the marks we found on the trees could be meant to represent those Seven Evil Gods. Next, Nushku. God of Fire. Sin was the God of the Moon. Ea was the God of Water and master of magic.”
“None of that helps.”
“Sin was bedimmed by the Seven in Heaven. The Babylonians thought that's what an eclipse was. They also thought rivers and fires were gods. The Ordeal was, I think, something to do with a person accused of something jumping into a river to be tested. Something like that. Also, the fork symbol of this place. A fork of lightning was the symbol of the god Adad, God of Weather, controller of the floodgates between Heaven and Earth.”
“Lots of references to weather and water and all that crap. But what does it all mean? Tune in this time next week to find out, folks.”
Rubbing his forehead, Jacky bent to sit down - then stood straight back up, realisation dawning on his face. “Water. We have it right here.”
“Oh yeah, rivers have some. Good thinking,” Leo said sarcastically.
“No, right here. This pond. The repentant may pray to Ea, God of Water.”
Leo stared at the pond. “Something to do with that spinny ball?”
“I don’t think my being unable to touch it has anything to do with being male. I think it’s because it senses I have done wrong in my life.”
Leo grinned. “What?”
“I have killed. I have robbed. I have cheated. And I think I’m supposed to repent.”
“Fair enough,” Leo said, although she didn’t really buy any of this. A floating ball that moved away from someone’s touch she could fathom - but one that could read a person’s soul? Noooo. “So how do you do that?”
In answer, Jacky jumped into the pool.
Its frigid temperature threatened to steal away his breath, but Jacky managed to keep his mouth closed. He found that his vision was surprisingly good beneath the surface. He hung there, watching as the object adorned with cuneiform markings revolved, some ten inches below his feet.
He kicked with those feet, upending himself. He reached for the ball but it sank away. He kicked with his feet and moved his arms, swimming down, deeper, following the ball into the depths.
Despite the increasing depth, the light got no dimmer. The flooded shaft suddenly ended, but there was a circular hole in one side which the ball passed through and which was just big enough to allow Jacky to squeeze though. He found himself inside a square chamber about three metres wide. Surprisingly, he could still see as well as he could just below the surface. There was nothing he could see that was creating light, though. Perhaps the water itself?
The chamber was lined with stone. The floor was featureless, but in each wall was a circular hole: the one that had delivered him here and three others, all identical. And in the ceiling was a bas-relief depicting a humanoid creature that was so obviously not human, with its over-large hands and abnormally wide head, that it must be a demon or a God.
Ea.
Jacky stared up at the carving and wondered how on earth he was supposed to pray to this thing underwater. Not only did he not know what to say, there was no way to say it underwater without giving up his breath.
He stared at the over-large ears and saw that one had a hole in it.
He swam up and put his eye to the hole. Beyond it was a tiny empty chamber with - could it really be? - a flame. A chamber the size of a shoebox and a flame that seemed to float there.
Could that flame have been breathing for nearly three thousand years? If so, it was being fed by air from the world above for sure.
Jacky put his mouth to the hole in  Ea’s ear and breathed. The air he sucked in was fresh; further proof it was coming from the world above.
He knew what he had to do. He had to breathe a prayer, but without the use of words. 
He blew out the flame.
The chamber shivered slightly as, from high above, there came what sounded like thunder and felt like a major earthquake. Jacky was suddenly very scared.

81
He broke the surface and sucked in a deep breath. Leo was sat by the side of the pool, looking less than comfortable.
“What was it, what happened?” he spluttered.
Leo just looked at him for a few seconds. “I’m not sure,” she finally croaked. “But I don’t believe in coincidences when Jacky Jackson goes exploring and weird, loud shit happens. Did you pull another bloody lever?”
“Only a small one,” Jacky replied with a wink. “Now, what happened?”
“Somewhere that way, a big loud thud, like something big falling. Too much like a big dinosaur’s footstep for my liking.”
Jacky hauled himself out of the pool. Water ran off him and pooled around his feet. He caught Leo looking him up and down.
“I don’t suppose you have a towel?”
Leo shook her head.
“Then I’ll run it off.” He broke into a jog, heading through the trees in the direction that Leo had suggested the sound emerged from. Leo got up and followed.
It took them about a minute to reach the northern tip of the island, effectively the apex of the triangle. It was here that they discovered the cause of the earlier rumbling. 
“Wow, they get Sky TV,” Leo said, staring at the object that had risen from the ground.
Jacky just shook his head, smiling to himself.
A number of trees lay flat around a large metal concave dish on a pillar set into a circular stone plinth. The dish was tilted at roughly 50 degrees. It certainly wasn’t for picking up Sky TV, but Jacky couldn’t figure its use.
The dish was propped at its current angle by a pole between its bottom lip and the plinth. The pole looked to be made of a substance like hard clay, black in colour. There was a second pole next to the first, but this terminated about a foot below the lip of the dish. Strange. 
The plinth looked to be resting on the ground, but closer inspection showed this wasn't the case. Jacky could see a gap, and empty space. Some kind of shaft that the plinth had risen through. Somehow, the plinth and dish were was designed to show themselves upon the extinguishing of the flame in the hole behind the bas-relief. Well, he’d done that, and here it was - but why? 
“So, intrepid adventurer, what now?”
“Now? I don’t know.”
Leo went to the dish, stepping over one of the trees that had been felled when the object rose. She stood at the edge of the hole and reached out. The dish was set solid; it didn’t move at her touch.
“I expected it to spin,” she explained.
Jacky counted the felled trees, but they didn’t number seven as he’d hoped - he remembered his translation of the cuneiform.
“Kept well,” Leo said, stroking the shiny surface. “Still shiny. Got a comb on you?”
Shiny. Was that it? Was it to reflect something? The angle it was tilted at didn’t make sense if that was the case.
The sun. 
“Silly me,” he said. Leo looked at him. “The Babylonians worshipped the sun, just like any other ancient civilisation. Before they knew it was just hydrogen and carbon. Lots of mechanisms, traps, secrets and things use the sun’s power. Most commonly, reflecting it.”
“So now what? It’s not doing anything.”
“I guess now we just wait. Until morning. See what the sun brings.”
She was pulling a grin he didn’t trust. “What dirty idea is brewing in that cranium?”
Twenty minutes later they were lying beneath a quickly made blanket of leaves, hugging each other. 
“Just for warmth, remember,” Jacky said. “Don’t try anything, don’t touch anything, and don’t loosen anything.”
“Scout’s honour,” Leo replied.
“You were a scout?”
“No.” That grin again.

82
Jacky woke to find the sun on his face. Leo was already up, sat watching the dish - which wasn’t doing anything different than before, even with the sun now in the sky.
“Did you touch me in the night?” he said. She spun to find him looking at her.
She got up. “Of course. Sleep well?"
"I had this nightmare that I was stuck on a tiny island in South America. How long you been awake?"
"A while. Didn’t want to wake you. I was eager to see what happens with this disc thing. Nothing has.”
Now it was morning, the bowl of the disc was bright, catching the sun.
“Judging by the angle, the sunlight is reflecting back into the sky," Jacky said.
“The sky? That’s not much use to us.”
“No. I don’t think this contraption’s reason is to point our way forward. It’s something else entirely.”
“You know, if we dropped that thing on its side, it’d make a great wok. Nice and hot.”
“Maybe we’ll have stir-fried tree later. But for now we just wait.”
Jacky adopted the Lotus position and closed his eyes. Leo watched him for a few seconds then she too sat.
Jacky seemed not to mind the wait, for it gave him time for some meditation, which relieved the aches in his mind and body. Leo, however, did not have the patience of a saint. She fidgeted and talked the entire time, constantly telling Jacky about aspects of her life gone and life to come. 
Jacky opened his eyes, remembering his translation of the cuneiform message. “In the sight of Nushka. Erib-biti becomes in the fall of the Seven in the sight of Nushka.”
"Do what?"
Jacky suddenly got a little scared. He stood up and Leo rose with him. “I’m thinking that the key here is not light but heat. Remember the trees? The carvings? Pictures of the Seven Evil Gods, who must fall. I’m also thinking that these trees need to fall. I’m also thinking I don’t like the sound of the last part - the part involving the Ordeal.”
“So what do -“
He stopped as they heard a creaking sound. They both watched as the black pole propping the dish at its current angle gave in, weakened by the heat from the sun. It snapped, and the dish moved. The lip clanged against the second, lower pole, its angle now steeper.
The reflected beam of light was now aimed into the trees. The concentrated beam of sunlight had a temperature of thousands of degrees. The trees in its path burst into flame. Despite the recent rains, they burned as if dead and dry. The wind played a part in the fire’s spreading and soon everywhere they looked there was a conflagration.
“Run, come on,” Jacky shouted over the roar or the fire.
“Well, the Seven are falling,” Leo shouted back.
They ran as fast as they could through the trees, hoping to keep ahead of the spreading fire.
“Where are we going?” Leo called to his.
“I think it’s time we undertook the Ordeal.”
They emerged from the trees at the end of the island. The river was below them, flowing fast and furious. Not the kind that anyone would joyfully leap into. But there was little joy to be gained from the alternative that was death by burning.
“This ain’t judgement!” Leo shouted. “This is the execution. I ain’t committing suicide!”
“Then we’ll make it murder,” Jacky answered, and pushed her off the edge. He jumped in after him, and they were both swept downriver, sucked beneath the surface.

83
Surprisingly, the water wasn’t so murky that Jacky couldn’t see the riverbed rushing by just a few metres below his as he tumbled over and over, sucked by the current.
He was able to notice that this channel running along the side of the triangular island was curved. Above the waterline, the riverbanks were jagged as they should be, but here below the surface, the bed and the walls were so smooth it couldn’t purely be because of water corrosion: man had had a hand in this.
Leo was in front of him, desperately trying to swim upwards. He caught a clear glimpse of her face and knew from the expression that she couldn’t hold her breath for much longer.
The riverbed was surprisingly free from debris and natural growth, which made the thing looming ahead of them that much more visible. It seemed to be a large plant trailing thick green tentacles. They reached upwards in the water, floating, but somehow resisted the pull of the current because the plant did not bend with the direction of the flowing water. It lazily danced as if this were a still lake instead of a fast and furious river.
The tentacles caught Leo as she was pulled into them. They snared her so securely that Jacky found it hard to believe  she’d naturally become entangled - yet also found it hard to accept that the tentacles had tried to grab her.
The body of the plant, he noticed, was set into the mouth area of a gigantic face carved into the riverbed. There was a jagged hairline and eyebrows and a nose and chin - and in each riverbank, just below the waterline, a hole representing an ear.
Just as Jacky was about to slam into Leo and also become ensnared, the tentacles parted. Leo was yanked out of his path and he was swept by her, tumbling over, nothing now between him and a long, lifeless trip to the Amazon.
Pressure on his scalp and suddenly he was no longer sailing with the current. Leo had grabbed his hair. The current was so strong that it felt as if he were hanging dead weight from his hair; it made his eyes water and he gritted his teeth. He closed his eyes, trying to clear his mind so he could think of a way out of this mess.
Then suddenly he was being pulled by the current again. He opened his eyes but could see nothing but blackness.
He was slammed hard against something, then something else slammed into him. Leo. There was a little more light now, allowing him to see vague shapes: the shimmering black surface of the water, stone walls, Leo treading water beside him, and a shaft above them which terminated at a circle of light some twenty metres overhead.
Mineshaft, his mind said. Then: No, not possible.
Leo reached out and grabbed something on the wall. An iron ladder, he saw. Leading up and out of this shaft. His mind was clearing now, allowing logical thought to return. Obviously, they had entered one of the ears of the stone face and it had brought them here, into a well of some sort with a ladder that offered a chance for escape. But on which side of the river? Were they back on the island?
He looked up. The sky was bright and blue. If they were deep inside the island, the sky above would have been tainted with flames, or at least with thick black smoke. Obviously, then, they were not inside the island.
Leo looked dazed and was bleeding from a cut on her forehead. Jacky put an arm around her and kissed her full on the lips. It had the effect of a shot of adrenaline: she seemed to jerk wide awake, shrugging off her disorientation. He looked at her, at her shadowy face, and she smiled back.
“You saved my life,” he said. “What’s your favourite pub back home?”
She looked puzzled, but answered the question. “Hare and Hound.”
“Okay. You and me and a couple of pints of ale. When we get back. My treat.”
"Going rate for saving a life, is it? A pint of ale?"
"A bag of crisps as well."
"Deal." 
Jacky pointed up. “Now climb.”
Invigorated by the thought of a date with Jacky, Leo climbed.

84
Jacky hauled himself over the lip of the stone-lined well and flopped onto the grassy ground. Leo was beside him, panting. He sat up.
They were on the Brazilian side of the Oyapock River, about thirty metres from the bank. Close enough to be able to hear the roar and feel the heat of the inferno raging all over the island. The entire top of the island was aflame, every tree burning. It was an awesome sight. They had survived it, but Jacky could not find joy.
“I should have died in that river,” he said.
“Don’t say that.”
“Remember that ball that kept moving away from me? It was the same with that plant that you became entangled in. It parted for me. It was going to let me go past.”
“The Ordeal, eh? You were judged. So you’ve killed, so you’ve got a black soul. Your heart’s fine. Why let some stupid myth get you down?”
“Down?” Jacky said, standing. “I’m not down. I’m angry. I’m going inside that tomb and no Ordeal, no Seven Evil Gods, will stop me.”
Leo sat up. “I thought the Gods were the trees? Remember the marks on them?”
“Just a representation. I’m thinking that what we’ve been through has been designed to test a person’s worthiness to enter the temple. My presence here has made whatever magical powers controlling things think that we’re here for negative reasons.”
“Oh God, I know what’s coming. Are you saying that if it was just me and my pure white soul, I could waltz right on in? But because you’re here, all sorts of traps have been activated? Involving Seven Evil Gods?”
“Exactly.”
“This gets worse.”
Jacky looked genuinely surprised by this remark. “Worse? No, this is just starting to get good." He pulled his pistol and checked it for water damage. He had a grin on his face that she he was enjoying all this. This was what he lived for.
“I’m dating a masochist,” Leo moaned, and flopped back down on her back.

 
85
The forest fire raged for a few hours before it showed any signs of abating. Once it began to wane, though, death was quick in coming. The flames had run out of food and they simply vanished, leaving behind a black, smoking mass of land.
As if the land realised what was needed to clean things up, rain suddenly appeared, a thick, hard downpour that had soon washed away most of the soot and all of the smoke. Jacky found himself looking at something quite amazing.
The fire had not only cleared all the trees and undergrowth, it had also burned away the top layer of soil, soil that Jacky believed was intended by the tomb’s designers to be combustible. With its vanishing there was revealed a large square platform of stone, scorched black, with a six-feet wide gash in the middle, running north and south.
Jacky hauled Leo to his feet and pointed. Her jaw dropped.
“The entrance?” she croaked.
“The entrance,” Jacky confirmed. “The letterbox.”
“Pardon?”
“It was mentioned in Henry Wren’s diary.” He had skimmed through it during the previous night while laying under the blanket of leaves. “No mention of fire or burning or anything like that. Just a description of the entrance: a letterbox that they were delivered through.”
“The rest of the clue is probably in the other diary. Like I said, all the clues are there, just split between those two journals. Want to take some time out to have a proper read through?”
“No, I like surprises.”
“I figured as much,” Leo said. “But how do we get over there? No bridges, no bike this time.”
“Let’s look at the river this side.”
They approached the bank and stared down. Nothing. Jacky looked left and right. “There’s one chance,” he said. “Obviously, as the channel on each side of the triangular island thins, the water becomes faster - as we found out. Swimming across the thinnest point would be impossible - we’d be swept downriver. But if we were to enter the water at a point somewhere upriver of the island, where the current is weak, we could swim into the centre of the river and the current would take us right into the apex of the island. Follow?”
“In theory. But if we missed the apex . . . “
“True. But I don’t think we would. We can both swim, can’t we? Care to risk it?”
“I’m beyond caring. Let’s do it.”
A hundred metres upriver from the apex of the island, Jacky and Leo walked into the water and started to swim. The current immediately took them, but its caress was soft. With enough effort, they found that they could even go against the current. They swam out into the middle of the river, by which time both were exhausted. From there it was a simple matter of relaxing and letting the river carry them towards the island, with minimal compensation for the slight direction changes by the current.
Jacky washed up against the bank and a few moments later Leo was beside him, panting. She flopped on her back in the mud.
“That was stupidly easy. Why didn’t we do that originally? No, let me guess, the bike stunt was more dangerous and so it had to be done?”
“We didn’t have a skateboard,” Jacky replied. “Come on.”
They climbed the bank. Once they were firmly on top of the scorched island, the taste and stench of burning was so heavy that Jacky's  eyes ran with water. Leo nearly coughed herself to death.
They walked towards the centre, towards the “letterbox”. They passed a hole in the ground lined with stone, just like the one they’d emerged from on the other side of the river. Of course, Jacky realised, there had been two ears on the stone face on the riverbed. Two exits, one each side. 
They planted their feet firmly on the blackened stone platform. 
The letterbox was not a deep and gaping chasm as Jacky had first thought: there was a set of stone steps going down, beginning at the north end and descending all the way to the south end, where they terminated at a hole cut into the earth. It was about the size and shape of a doorway and was lined with stone to prevent collapse.
“Seems to me, this stone block is nothing more than a frame or support inserted into the ground to prevent the collapse of a cavity below The tomb will be cut into the earth, more than likely. But after so many years, we can’t be sure how sturdy it is. Tread carefully.” 
They descended the steps, Jacky leading. At the bottom, he carefully poked his head inside the doorway cut into the earth, then, apparently thinking entry was safe, stepped through. Leo followed.
The rough walls of the passage beyond seemed to glow with their own radiance, giving enough illumination to see by. Jacky put his hand on one, discovering that it wasn’t as cold as it should have been.
“Some kind of solid resin. It glows, look. Negates the need for torches. Amazing. I never read about anything like this used by the Babylonians.”
“Magic?”
“Possibly.”
The passage sloped slightly down, gradually getting steeper. When it started to get very steep, there was a hand-support on each side: metal posts spaced every eight feet with hemp, old and frayed in places, strung between them. The floor was chipped from here on to provide friction to shoes. Jacky and Leo progressed carefully, holding onto the hand-supports.
They stopped as the walls ended and the slope suddenly dropped sheer away.
“Now what?” Leo said. 
There were two final support posts, one each side, jutting not straight up but forwards at a forty-five degree angle. The worn hemp hung down into the chasm. Jacky took a firm hold on one of the angled posts. He leaned out as far as he could, straining to see down, see what was below. What he saw shocked and delighted him.
“Wow. Those Babylonian architects were certainly busy-bodies. This is awesome.”
She could see child-at-Christmas glee on his face. This was what he lived for. She wanted to know what he saw. “What’s down there?”
“A big cave, enormous. The walls glow, I can see clearly. There’s water at the bottom, but it isn’t the sea - we’re below sea-level already. Must be a contained pool.”
“Anything else?”
“Oh, just one more thing: a gigantic temple.”
“You’re joking.”
“Nosir. A massive ziggurat. Pyramidal. Three stages. Two main tiers and the high temple on top. Must be sixty metres in height.”
Jacky pulled himself back up.
“The high temple, is that the tomb?”
“Possibly. Ziggurats were never designed to be tombs, though. They were the seats of deities. But if it’s true that Mudammiq came here to be reborn an immortal, then he would be considered a deity, and I’d have to say that the high temple is indeed his final resting place.”
Leo beamed.
“But there’s a major problem in getting there.”
The grin vanished. “What problem?” Leo asked.
“The ziggurat is upside down.”
“What?”
He held out his hand. Leo took it, puzzled. Jacky swung her round him and almost over the edge. Leo moaned, but he had a tight hold of her, and he had a foot on one of the support posts so he wouldn't overbalance.
Leo couldn’t believe what she was seeing.
“Temples are dedicated to Gods,” Jacky explained. “By making a major change in the design, in this case building it upside-down, the gods couldn’t sense it. Quite secret.”
Leo saw that the stone path they had followed curved right underneath itself and continued as a smooth lane in the rough ceiling of the vast cave. There were more support posts, with the hemp strung between them. It was as if a giant hand had taken the path and folded it in two.
More shocking was the ziggurat. The path terminated at large entrance doors set in the massive building, which depended like a sculptured behemoth stalactite. The high temple atop the second tier hung some ten or so metres from the shining pool of water Jacky had mentioned. 
For the life of her, Leo could neither understand how the heck anyone would be able to reach the temple nor why it was designed this way. Hell, they had even continued the rope support rail on the underside!
“These Babylonians,” she said, “were they bloody spiders?”

86
“A big iron ball that’ll roll down this slope and squish us.”
“A secret door directly into the tomb,” Jacky countered.
“Slime coming through these chips in the floor so we slip off and die.”
“I can’t think of anything else. I’ll stick with the secret door.”
“Then I win. We leave the lever alone. Step up.”
Leo stepped back. Jacky looked at the small lever in the wall, the lever they’d spotted half a minute earlier. It was coated in the same resin as the walls, which had contributed to is near-invisible status.
Jacky approached the lever, but he was filled with apprehension. Leo and her fear of strange levers! He looked at her, like a toddler who knows he is about to do something his mummy wouldn't like. She shook her head. Well, why risk it when there was another route open to him?
“You win,” he said. “Even though it'll probably just bring us a set of steps or a path to get to the ziggurat. But now there's only one way to get there, and I don’t think you’re up to it.”
Leo thought about a rebuke, but Jacky read her face. 
“Don’t be embarrassed to want to back out. This isn’t the kind of thing I expect that you do every day. Mind you, neither is it for me - I like Sundays off.”
Jacky grabbed the end of one of the support posts that was planted at a forty-five degree angle and swung out over the chasm. Below him, there was another angled post like a mirror image of the one above it. Jacky slid eight inches down the rope between them and put his feet on this lower post. He looked up at Leo.
“You know, I should really be offended that you'd prefer me to do this rather than pull a lever. I bet it opens a staircase that'd let us walk right on up to the door in comfort. I've been in places like this before. Seen a lot of stairs. Pulled a lot of levers."
"I know you're good at this climbing thing. At least I know what's coming."
 "Given the acoustics of this cave, if I shout you’ll hear me. If you hear a scream, it's just me falling to my death. Don't touch that lever while I'm hanging around down here. See you soon.”
He slipped his feet off the post and slid further down the rope, until he was able to wrap his hands around the post. Now he hung from the upside-down ramp, feet kicking air seventy metres above the still water below.
“I hope the rope holds!” he heard Leo call from up above, beyond the lip.
He groaned. “Thank you for that extra worry, Leo.”
Hand-over-hand, Jacky began to monkey-swing along the rope-rail. He closed his eyes so he didn’t have to watch the distance passing timelessly; instead, he counted the posts he passed, knowing there were thirteen between him and the upside-down double entrance doors of the ziggurat. One, two, three - they passed slowly, more slowly the further he got, which meant he was slowing. His weight was straining his shoulders and forearms, while the old, worn hemp was painful in his hands.
He wished for an anti-gravity atmosphere so he could stroll up this path upside down. He wished for suction boots. He wished for James’s Rocket Belt. And when the fire in his shoulders got almost unbearable, he wished for his warm bed back in Surrey, a billion miles from this ancient temple hidden deep in a river island in South America.
He reached out a hand, and it smacked stone. His eyes opened. He had made it: his feet kicked at the wall beside the double doors.
He swung his legs up and hooked them over the rope, then let go with his hands. He hung upside down and hugged his arms to his chest so the build up of lactic acid would subside. He hung that way for almost a minute, until he felt he again had the power to continue. The fire in his shoulders had gone, but there was new pain behind him knees, where the rope dug in.
He drew his gun, almost dropped it, and took careful aim in the dim light.
The report of the .45 calibre pistol seemed to echo around the cave for an eternity, threatening never to cease. But slowly it did, and when silence once more reigned, Jacky removed his hands from over his ears. So quickly had he thrown them there when the boom of the gun exploded throughout this subterranean world, he had smacked himself in the temple with the gun. A trickle of blood ran into his hair.
But blood and aching ears were the worst of it; the best was that the iron key-lock on the double-doors was shattered.
Jacky grabbed the rope with both hands, unhooked his legs from around it and swung down, backwards, forwards, and kicked. Another resounding boom, this one not a tenth as loud, and one of the doors, the nearest, creaked open. Back he swung, forward again, this time at an angle, and then let go of the rope.
He landed with both feet on top - the bottom from his perspective - of the doorframe, steadying himself with both hands, one on the frame, the other on the other door.
Now that his hearing was returning, he could hear a voice repeating his name. Leo.
“I’m fine,” he called back, hearing the fear in his own echo. “Relax. Back soon. No toucho levero!” 
Leo made a response, but he didn’t hear it; his attention was focussed instead on the interior of the large room beyond the doors.
It was square. The floor - which was about eight feet above his head - was composed of glazed blue tiles; there was a wide staircase leading up to another set of doors in the far wall that Jacky believed gave into the next level of the edifice. Far below was the ceiling, from which hung four chandelier-type constructions made of crystal that glowed, like the cave’s walls, with their own luminosity. Except they didn’t hang: they were flopped against the ceiling, held there by gravity. Between the ceiling and floor, four walls adorned with intricate bas-reliefs, each wall depicting a different kind of scene: war, fertility, everyday-life, and gods and goddesses.
But Jacky hardly noticed any of these details because he was studying something else inside the room, something taller than him and depending upside-down from the floor. A statue of some creature.
And it was a creature: roughly humanoid in shape, but there the correlation with man ended. The beast had a head like a dog with over-large nostrils and monstrous teeth; clawed hands and feet; and a stomach that gaped open, revealing curled intestines. But none of this was real: the creature, intestines included, looked crafted from the same resin that lined the walls of the cave. It glowed slightly, making the statue easy to see in the gloom. It was right in the centre of the room, facing the door, and its head was roughly level with Jacky's. He stared at its upside-down head.
Jacky didn’t recognise this beast. It wasn’t one of the Seven Evil Gods. But he recalled that numerous Babylonian texts had reported many more than seven bad guys. 
The glow from the statue combined with the light from the crystal chandeliers was adequate for Jacky to see clearly the best places to put his hands and feet on the bas-relief as he began to climb down the wall, towards the ceiling.
He turned his head as a creaking sound met his ears. What he saw he should have expected: why else would the demon be here, just hanging from the floor?
It was moving. An animated statue, or something given life by some kind of magical property within the luminous resin. Or worse, an actual creature with the resin for skin or flesh.
He froze, clutching the bas-relief, watching as the creature took a step, then another, then three more in quick succession.
It ran at him - ran across the floor that was now a roof. It ran and he was sure that it was actually running, not walking; running, which meant that both feet were coming away from the tiles - yet it didn’t fall. There was no suction involved here. It wasn’t like a spider that could walk upside-down.
This threw Jacky's brain into turmoil. It was as if this world were not upside-down to the demon but the right way up, and it was Jacky who was upside-down. Two worlds with opposing laws of gravity.
But the thing was coming, so he shut off these thoughts and started to climb down quickly, digging his feet into carved mouths, placing them atop sculptured shoulders, grabbing ears and spears and wrists with his hands. He looked up just as the demon reached the wall below him and swiped a clawed hand above its head. The claw smacked the bas-relief and broke a warrior’s helmet. Dust rained onto Jacky’s head.
Despite being created from hardened resin, the demon managed a yelp of anger and hate. Then it jumped. Jacky's brain said it should have come crashing down on him, but that didn't happen. Opposing gravities. The beast hooks claws into the bas relief above the doors began to climb down the wall after him. Again, upside-down, so that when it looked up and he looked up, their eyes met, six-feet apart.
Jacky climbed down as quickly as he could, not watching the demon, trying not to listen to its screeching. When he was three metres from the floor - which was actually the ceiling, he jumped, landing hard, rolling. He came up with his pistol pulled. The beast continued after him, filling the air with its high-pitched voice. His head was still trying to work this weirdness out.
He backed off as the beast's intestines snaked out lightning quick, like a number of whips, reaching for him. But he was out of range and receding. He nearly tripped on one of the curled chandeliers.
The beast had now climbed as high - or low - as it could; it clung to the wall just two feet from what to it was the ceiling. Upside-down. Head swivelled round, eyes boring into him. He was sure it blinked now and then, as if its resin eyelids could moisten the wet black balls beyond. He wondered if it had real eyes, if it could even see. Maybe it was his smell, his aura, his soul it could taste or sense.
Jacky fired at the demon. The bullets chipped away pieces of resin from its chest and one leg, and broke off an ear, and the beast roared. But it was not hurt; the roar was anger.
One of its intestines snaked out and found the closest chandelier. The demon swung out in an arc using its guts, pulled itself closer by retracting the whip-like lengths, and caught the chandelier with its clawed hands.
Under the beast's weight, the chandelier rose from the ceiling, the chain holding it in place pulled tight. It was quite a strange sight that made the basic laws of gravity contradict themselves, and once again made Jacky’s head spin as his logical brain tried to interpret what his eyes were relaying.
The chandelier swung as the beast seemed to handstand from it, legs kicking. Its intestines reached for him again and he backed away some more.
He looked at the beast, which seemed helpless as it swung from the chandelier. It looked away from Jacky for the first time. It threw its gaze down, towards the floor of the room, and Jacky realised that the beast knew fear. This is its ceiling, remember, he told himself. He remembered how it had had to climb the wall upside-down; how it had run across the floor. All these things went into his mind and were compacted into a simple answer that made him smile. Gravity was gravity, and momentum universal. He lowered his gunsight from the beast's face and took aim at the chain holding the chandelier to the ceiling. And took a few steps forward. The beast wasn't watching him, and he stepped far within the reach of its intestines.
He fired once, twice, and the chandelier was free. The swinging beast began to fall - upwards, taking the chandelier with it.
But the demon let go a mere nanosecond later. The chandelier fell back to the ceiling - Jacky’s floor - and the demon’s clawed hands grabbed his gun arm by the wrist. Jacky let out a scream of shock and pain as he was wrenched off the ceiling by his arm. He started to rise as the weight of the falling beast pulled him. The gun was aimed up, right into the demon’s face, and he pulled the trigger instinctively, repeatedly. One eye popped, spraying goo all over him. Another bullet shattered the shoulder of the arm it held him by. The arm broke loose and he was free, his upward movement suddenly checked by his own world's gravity .He found himself falling towards the ceiling - his floor - landing, tumbling. He came to rest on his back, staring up, watching as the demon slammed hard into the floor high above him. It smashed into a hundred pieces, which scattered across the glazed blue tiles and then lay as if glued there.
Jacky realised his right arm was sticking up, pointing at the room's floor. The beast's hand was still around his wrist, the weight of its big arm pulling on him. He swapped his gun to his left hand, stuck the barrel against the solid resin thumb pressing on his right wrist, and fired. Shards of the shattered substance sprayed everywhere, and the beast's arm flew as if propelled high above him, smashed on the room's floor and stayed there. He noticed fine dust floating around him, but moving away, upwards. He was enthralled by all this, but got quickly back on track.
“Six more of these bad-asses? Lucky me,”

87
Leo sighed; she never would have thought that hunting out lost tombs of Babylonian kings seeking immortality could be so boring. But that didn’t mean she envied Jacky’s position, climbing around on a big building that hung upside down.
“Hello, Leo.”
Leo looked round. Higher up the path stood a short man, quite fat, and a taller man. Once her eyes had focussed, her jaw dropped.
“Theodore?”
Marcellus stepped forward. He didn’t look pleased to see his old Tae Kwon Do friend. Further proof, the gun held by Jameson, the gun aimed right at Leo.
“How did you find us?”
“Us?” Marcellus said. “So Jacky is here. No doubt off exploring. And he left you behind?”
Marcellus spotted the lever that Jacky and Leo had argued over. He approached it. Leo moved in front of the lever.
“Wow, no, don’t touch that. We don’t know what it does.”
Marcellus seemed fascinated by his surroundings. He felt the walls, and peered over the edge into the chasm, and then stroked the lever.
“This place is quite amazing,” he said, moving Leo aside with his forearm.
“Yep. But hell, don’t touch that lever. Methinks it activates a trap.”
Marcellus scoffed at this theory. “Don’t be silly. It’ll be for a secret door or something.”
And with that, he pulled the lever.
From inside the cave there emerged a deep rumbling sound.

88
The first benefit he’d found about this place’s being upside-down: the door that led into the next level of the ziggurat was high in the wall, obtainable by a steep staircase, which meant that from where he stood on the ceiling, he could reach it. It was a simple case of reaching over his head and twisting the handle. Unlocked, this door swung outwards, giving into a sloping passage that curved up (down in Jacky’s position) and around the space between the inner and outer walls.
Jacky stood on the top of the doorframe and peered into the thin passage. The slope was actually the ceiling of the passage, while above his head was a set of steps. Of course, he couldn’t take the stairs and was forced to jump onto the ceiling.
Immediately gravity took him and he slid on his butt down the slope, like a kid on a helter skelter, scraping against stone as he curved around the outer wall. He zipped past a small door in the inner wall, then another, then a third, until he reached the end of the stairway where there was a fourth. He had completed one full revolution of the ziggurat.
He grunted as he slammed against the wall at the end, feet outstretched to break his descent.
The upside-down door was on his left. He grabbed the handle. This door opened towards him as well. He stared at the circular room beyond, this interior of the second level of the ziggurat.
The three doors he’d passed were below him: one to the left, one to the right, one straight ahead. Four doors; north, east, south, west, he guessed. Each door, which was situated at a different height, opened onto a staircase no wider than the door, and with no hand-rail, that led up to the top of a tall pillar, five feet in diameter, in the centre of the room. On top of the pillar a bust of a head, too large to be life-like but shockingly real in its detail. It was not a bust of god nor demon, and Jacky instantly took this to mean that it must be the king himself, Shamash Mudammiq. But it just lay there, not on any kind of pedestal.
At the zenith of each flight of steps stood statues made of resin, which Jacky didn’t like the idea of. The thing he’d just fought had been crafted out of that stuff, and look what had happened!
The four statues were looking down their respective steps as if waiting to challenge any who might climb towards the bust. Each was different in design. The one guarding the longest flight of steps, which ascended from the lowest door, the first he’d passed on his slide, was a hideous, muscled monster with two faces, one on the front, one on the back. The second was a statue of a goddess Jacky recognised: Lamashtu, who stole babies from wombs and preyed upon nursing mothers. The third statue depicted a man with ten outstretched arms, each of which had a closed fist. The fourth, the one at the top of the short flight Jacky faced, was a beast with massive ears and a long tongue that hung so low out of its big mouth as to curl by its feet.
His research suddenly came back to him. He knew what all this meant. It was a test of one’s purity. When ascending the outside flight of steps, the door a person entered through to seek forgiveness from the King or a God depended upon the kind of person he or he was. The first door was for violent criminals and traitors, who had to face the power and wrath of the muscled God whose name was Manag. The second door was for adulterous women, who would face Lamashtu and lose their babies. Third: to face Ishtani was the recourse of thieves, who would have to steal a single chance to live from one of the god’s ten hands, the other nine of which held pain, suffering and death. And lastly, the fourth door, the highest, was for priests and other proper erib-biti, who had only to pass the test of speaking the truth to the ears of the Goddess Quui.
Of course, with the ziggurat upside down, Jacky was able to jump down onto the ceiling and avoid the steps altogether. As he got closer, he noticed that the four flights of steps weren't connected to the pillar. Not even close. Each terminated at least a foot short, meaning a step across nothingness to stand upon the pillar.
He walked under the frozen statue of Quui, a good metre separating their heads. Maybe it was because the goddess didn’t see him; maybe the test was activated by feet on the steps. Jacky didn’t know and didn’t care. He was just glad that he made it into the centre of the room without incident.
Lamashtu was one of the original Seven Evil Gods; he figured the other three were also included. Counting the one he’d left in pieces, that made five. Five down, two to go.
Now that he was closer, Jacky was able to examine the bust a little better. He tilted back his head and stared up at it, still moving forward. 
The bust itself was not solid, but hollow: he could see this through the eyes and nose and mouth. It was lined with some kind of worn cushiony material within, as if the bust was designed for wearing, like a helmet.
Looking up and stepping forward, he didn’t notice the hole until it was almost too late. One foot stepped out into mid-air and he stumbled, fell, just managing to avoid toppling through a circular hole in the ceiling.
He rolled aside and stood up. The hole, three feet wide, was directly above the helmet. He remembered how the stone steps weren't connected to the pillar and put two and two together. Once someone put on the helmet, the pillar would rise. Whoever stood there would be inserted through the hole and into the next level of the ziggurat.
But there were only two levels and the high temple on top.
That hole, Jacky realised, led into the high temple - into the tomb of the king.


89
Jacky hung by his hands from the lip of the hole and let go, dropping some three metres onto the arched ceiling.
He was in a short, wide corridor, about six metres long, with a large set of double doors at both ends. One set was cut into the stone wall, designed to swing outwards on large metal hinges. These didn’t interest Jacky: it was the other pair, the metal pair studded with jewels and guarded by what looked like the petrified bodies of a pair of wasted men, frozen in tired stances, their bodies thin as if from malnutrition, their clothing torn and worn with age.
Jacky approached the doors, wondering if these men out in this cold stone corridor were meant to be the missing two of the Seven Evil Gods. They certainly didn’t look like Gods. But then Jacky remembered something he’d read. The goddess Lilitu, a succubus who preyed on men. From sexual unions with these men, she gave birth to foul monsters like the alu and gallu, which liked to maim and kill. Sometimes, though, these beastly children died, and when that happened the dead fathers were brought back to life to bring death in their place. 
Could these be the long-dead but well-preserved bodies of two such fathers?
Jacky stood before the doors, suddenly feeling apprehensive. But not because there might be danger beyond this barrier. No, it was the opposite, the feeling that this adventure might have reached its conclusion; that he would open these doors and find, inside, the bones of a long-dead Babylonian king, and that would be it. No more traps, no more foes. No more revelations. He would take the bones and whatever other valuables he could find, and in a couple of days he’d read about himself in the papers, and be given a letter of thanks from whatever museum he handed it all over to. And then it would be back to the history books and the long wait for the phone to ring.
He almost felt sad.
Something - or someone - started banging on the bejewelled doors.
From the inside.
Jacky stepped back, shocked. He didn’t dare imagine what it might be. Or who. King Mudammiq? A three-thousand year-old king trying to beat open the doors of his cell?
Behind Jacky, the stone double-doors opened. He didn’t even notice. The banging increased in intensity, as if whatever was inside had sensed his presence and knew help had arrived. But whatever was making such a racket, it certainly had power. Enough to convince Jacky that he damn-well didn’t want to open those doors.
“Shouldn’t we let him out?” 
Jacky spun at the voice. Of all the surprises, all the bizarre revelations that could have transpired, the very last he would have guessed was the very one that had occurred.
Theodore Marcellus was stood in the doorway, smiling. Beside him, Jameson, who had a gun trained on Leo.

90
Marcellus was like a child on Christmas morning as he approached the bejewelled doors: face shining, eyes sparkling. This was what he’d sought for so many years; a moment he’d waited the greater part of his life for.
The seam between the doors was coated with a sparkling substance, like dried glitter glue. Marcellus ran his finger along this seam, but didn’t quite touch it. He seemed oblivious to, or at least not to care about, what was banging on the other side.
“This is the stuff of magic, Jacky,” he said.
“I don’t think you should touch that door,” Jacky replied.
Marcellus just laughed, but didn’t look round at him. “I know more about the Babylonians, their history, people and magic, than you can ever learn.”
“Oh, I know. I’m very aware that you know exactly what lies behind that door.”
Marcellus turned now. He stared at Jacky for a time, then grinned. “You worked it out. Well done.”
A frown entered Leo’s face. “What are we talking about, people?”
Jameson put a foot against Leo’s back and pushed. Leo stumbled and fell to her knees. “You should be quiet, traitor.”
“I was fat at school,” Leo snarled at him. “I remember all the jokes, alphabetically. Don’t start me off.”
Jameson laughed. He waggled his gun as if to remind Leo that he had it. “You wouldn’t get too far, Judas.”
During this exchange, Jacky and Marcellus had just glared at each other. Now Marcellus spoke:
“I think he wants out, Jacky. Shall we let him?” He jerked a head at the door, indicating that he meant its occupant. Silly, Jacky thought, because it was obvious who the man meant.
“Think of the years he's been alone, Marcellus. Use your head. Think of the consequences of using that magic on a living body.”
“He can be helped. Anyway, I don’t have to explain anything to you.” Marcellus turned back to the doors, reached out for the twin door handles. His fingers stopped just short. He froze. The banging had stopped, but now a strange screeching was emanating from  beyond the doors, a pitiful moan of pain and self-sorrow. It made the hairs stand up on the back of everyone’s neck. Marcellus backed off.
“What’s that noise? Why is he making that sound?”
Jacky pulled Marcellus by the arm, yanked him away from the door.
“This place should be dead. He should be dead. This is not happening, Marcellus. Let’s leave now and seal this place forever.”
“That - that noise -“
“That’s millions of years of evolution squeezed into a couple of centuries. Millions of years of clawing and biting and jumping at that door, Marcellus. Picture it, for Christ’s sake! Imagine what the hell is in there!”
A tear appeared in Marcellus’ eye. “I’ve waited -“
“Then you shouldn’t have!” Jacky snapped. “Coming here was a mistake, that’s all. You didn’t sign a contract, you don’t have to go through with it. We leave now, and at worst you suffer bad dreams.”
“My son,” Marcellus croaked. He dropped to his knees, all hope suddenly gone, like air from a popped balloon. Jameson couldn’t believe what he was seeing; Leo just stared at the doors, trying not to imagine who was making that terrible cry, trying not to imagine what it must be like to spend three thousand years trapped in a tomb, and knowing that she’d be wailing and begging just the same if she thought help had finally arrived.
“Well at least this way he gets to see his father again," Jacky said. "Alive and well. So forget all this immortality crap. It’s a glazed over myth that reads better on paper than it sounds in real life.” To emphasise his point, Jacky swept out a hand, indicating the doors and the noise coming from behind them.
Marcellus threw his arms around Jacky’s knees and hugged them, hard. Jacky pitied him, but he also felt embarrassed by this whole situation. Especially by having his enemy crying into his legs.
He pulled him to his feet. Realising that things had changed, Leo also got up, and slapped aside Jameson’s gun. The fat man just gawped, unsure what to do.
“Are we clearing this joint?” Leo asked. “I’ve had enough of this country and its serious lack of pubs. Back home, first round’s on me.”
Jacky led Marcellus towards the stone doors, following Leo. Jameson didn’t know what was going on, but he was a loyal servant and he fell in behind his boss without question.
The stone doors gave onto a balcony without a railing. Jacky noticed that they were around the back of the temple, which was why he hadn’t been able to see the balcony or the doors from way back up at the cave entrance. And why they hadn’t been able to see the contraption that was suspended before them.
It hung from a mechanism on the cave roof: a thin helix staircase without a newel post, just a well. It hung as so by means of worn ropes connecting each set of string-boards to the set that curled above so it swung lazily in the slight breeze that found its way into the cave. The winders had no risers and there was no banister, just the ropes to hang onto for support, and the string boards were not boards at all, just thicker ropes that spiralled up and tied around grooves cut into the steps. The whole thing was just a lot of rope and some wooden steps and Jacky didn’t trust it.
"You obviously used this to get here,” he said.
Leo put out her bottom lip like a sorry child. “The lever. Sorry.”
"Told you. Stairs. Told you."
They all stepped onto the staircase. Jameson came last; he jumped aboard after tugging on a small lever, similar to the other one, on the wall of the temple. It took great effort to pull it, to twist it once round like a clock hand.
The mechanism on the roof whirred, the winding mechanism alive. The staircase jerked and was on the move. It swung slowly out into the centre of the cave and towards the wall at the top of which was the entrance. When the mechanism had run out of power, its springs relaxed, the top of the staircase was within easy reach of the cave entrance.
Of course, Jacky thought. There was bound to be an easier way of getting to the high temple: visiting Babylonians wouldn’t have made it as hard for themselves as it had been for Jacky.
They climbed the rickety staircase, holding onto the vertical ropes for support, trying to ignore how it swung to and fro. At the top, Jacky looked at the mechanism. It was just a box - probably metal - coated in the same resin as the rest of the cave so it would blend in.
The four of them jumped the three feet gap between the top of the staircase and the curled lip of the entry path. Marcellus and Jameson walked off ahead. Jacky and Leo remained. Jacky turned the lever. Then he watched as the mechanism moved away along grooves in the roof. The staircase curled around the back of the high temple and was once again lost from sight. Leo put her arm around Jacky’s waist, knowing it must be hard for him to give up on an adventure when so close to its climax.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
She looked at him and laughed. “It’s hardly a child I’m saying goodbye to. I’m not getting sentimental. Come on, let’s go. You owe me a pint.”
"Don't forget the crisps."
They laughed, and walked up the path and out into the bright sunshine and the hard rain. The sunshine was a relief
“Are you a pint person?” Leo asked. “You strike me as a sweet boy, when not shooting people, of course. Babycham, perhaps.”
“I have more surprises for you. But those are for after we get home.”
“You aren’t going anywhere,” said a new voice. Leo and Jacky looked up.
They had company: five men clad in black were holding machine guns on Lawrence and Jameson. Two others, James Boyle and Jameson, stood nearby. An eighth newcomer, the owner of the voice, stepped out of the cabin of a chopper parked on the stone platform, which Jacky and Leo had failed to notice because it was behind them.
“Except right back inside that tomb,” Gabrielle added.

91
“Strange, isn’t it, that the Babylonians would use magic to keep this island populated with trees, without realising that future humans would start killing all the rainforests off. This island was burned two-hundred-and-fifty years ago by my forefather, just as it was today. It re-grew as normal, just as it will when we’ve all left. Until the next time some tomb explorers come along.”
Gabrielle stood before them all and read their expressions as they knelt on the stone. Leona looked distraught, Jacky was angry. Her own people looked smug. Except James Boyle. There was something about his stony look that she couldn't read.
Then she looked at Marcellus, who looked away. She stepped closer, and he looked at her again. Her arch-enemy, right before her, and his expression was...leashed, she realised just in time.
“You!” he screamed, jumping to his feet, lashing out with a kick. His face was a mask of utter hatred. Gabrielle staggered back, away from the kick, but there was no need to worry, because Marcellus dropped with a grunt as the echo of a gunshot receded away across the island. Marcellus lay on the wet stone platform, his chest oozing blood.
Gabrielle stormed over to the man with the smoking gun and slapped him hard in the head. “I had other plans, you idiot!” she snapped. She was about to slap him again when a shot from someone else rang out.
This time Jameson fell. He’d jumped up and ran at Gabrielle; now quite dead, his body hit the deck by her feet. 
She shook her head. “If it wasn’t so sad, such loyalty would be honourable. Shame.”
“Shame that you can’t live out your sick plans for him?” Jacky said. Leo nudged him as if to say, Be quiet!
Gabrielle approached him. “Care to try the same macho event, Jackson?”
“No, I think I’ll wait to see your expression when all this goes pear-shaped and you die horribly.” Jacky got to his feet. A gun was thrust near his face, a warning shouted, but Jacky blew a raspberry and began to walk down the ramp, stopping halfway to turn and look back. “Well, come on, this is what you came for. Why waste time?” Another step, then he stopped and again turned. “Marcellus was after something other than immortality. That too, of course. What’s your major gain here?”
A few minutes later, the group of men and women were aboard the staircase, which was slowly moving towards the high temple once more. 
Leo was uncomfortable under the glare of the men with guns. They pointed and whispered to each other about her, and looked at her legs. A lot.
James Boyle had been uncharacteristically quite around Jacky recently, but now he moved closer to his old adventuring buddy and nudged his arm. Jacky looked at him.
Gabrielle was higher than everybody else so she could look down at them. She watched the interaction between Jackson and his old friend. They smirked at each other a lot, but although she couldn't hear their whispers, she could tell that their words to each other were sharp, barbed, derogatory. They were enemies and they claimed to hate each other, but Gabrielle didn't buy it.
When the conversation was over, she waited for Jacky to catch her eyes. “Something other than immortality?” she said, recalling Jacky’s earlier statement. “Do not jest: the Marcellus family is one I know better than you ever can. Every generation since Lawrence Marcellus has sought this lost tomb for the same reason.”
Jacky shrugged like he didn't give a shit “You’ll see.”
“Ah, intrigue. Try this: you are going to die this afternoon, Jacky Jackson.”
Jacky just smiled. “Two days ago you told me I had an hour to live. Given my reckless nature, death's probably long past due. But you'll be wrong again. What were your plans for Marcellus?”
“Did you see the hate on his face? Oh, that was so entertaining. Plan? Simple. This has been the longest race in history, I think. Between two families, it has been run for two-hundred-and-fifty years and -“
Jacky yawned and turned away. Gabrielle stopped talking. She thought for a second, then:
“Kill her.”
Two men in black grabbed Leo, and one put a pistol under Leo’s chin.
Jacky held up a hand, but there was no distress when he said, "Okay, okay.” He said it in the way a parent might concede to a stubborn child who wants to play a certain game.
Gabrielle read his apparent lack of fear as an act, which told her there was real fear there, kept hidden. He was trying to give her reactions she might not expect from a man in such a dire predicament. Trying to throw her off. This realisation pleased her. She waved at the man with the pistol and he put it away. “For betraying my ancestor, Lawrence Marcellus was -“
“I don’t think you quite understand what’s going on here,” Jacky cut in. “You think Lawrence Marcellus tried to betray Henry Wren. I think you’ll find it was quite different.”
The staircase reached the end of its journey, and the people piled off and through the open stone doors. The mercenaries kept their guns trained on their two prisoners, while Gabrielle approached the bejewelled doors with no less fascination than Marcellus had an hour before her.
“My god,” she wheezed. “Is this really it? It’s beautiful!”
“Did you just come for the door?” Jacky said. Stepping closer, barging roughly past James in the process. “I can get you a screwdriver if you like?”
Gabrielle didn’t even hear the joke. She approached the door and reached for the handles.
Once more the wailing came from within. It made everyone look. Jacky looked at Leo, flicking his eyes towards the stone doors. Slowly he stepped back. Leo, realising, did the same. The five mercenaries were stunned by the sounds coming from beyond the jewel-encrusted doors and didn’t even notice their prisoners retreating. 
“Don’t worry, my king,” Gabrielle said.
“The king’s just bones,” Jacky said. “No joking now. Last chance. Let’s just get the hell -“
Jacky’s voice died as Gabrielle put both hands on the door handles. In that instant, every sparkling jewel in the doors lost its glow, and the corridor was filled with noises. Animal screams and roars, and human moaning.
“Go, Leo!” Jacky shouted, moving back quickly, pushing Leo ahead of him. One of the mercs whirled, raised his gun ready to fire. Jacky tensed. James stepped forward and brought up his foot in a heavy kick at the merc’s arm, forcing it and his gun upwards. The round that should have taken apart Jacky’s head instead blew a hole in the stone ceiling - or floor.
The two upside-down guardians of the door suddenly came to life, their faces carrying a haunted, frightened look. Despite what seemed like fear in their faces, the two skinny men’s eyes displayed rage and hate. Their fingers curled into claws that reached for the people below them.
Now the mercenaries backed off too, crouching, aiming their guns up at the advancing guardians. The one who’d tried to kill Jacky copied. Gabrielle curled into a ball by the doors, arms over her head, staring up at these two men who had been kept alive by magic, immortal, brainwashed, she knew, into the sole duty of protecting this tomb.
Leo and Jacky ran out onto the balcony. Leo tripped and Jacky grabbed her arm, saving her from a short but ultimately lethal fall into the water below. A shape thundered past him. Jacky turned to face the shape. James, already on the staircase. He clutched the ropes like a man aboard a storm-faring boat, his eyes wide and terrified.
Back in the corridor, one of the mercenaries who was directly below the aperture in the ceiling - technically the floor - stared up and through it in disbelief. He did not crouch. He did not notice the moaning guardian until it had grabbed his head with both hands and hauled him off the floor. 
He screamed as he was thrown through the aperture. If the guardian had intended his body to plummet to the top of the pillar below the aperture, then it hadn’t taken into account exactly why he had been standing on what, to it, was the ceiling. Instead of plummeting, the mercenary fell onto the stone floor on the other side and lay there, staring up at the things that had originally caught his attention: four ugly statues moving with false life. They reached for him and he tried to press himself even flatter against the stone, screaming, unable to fathom why they weren’t falling on top of him. 
When the one with the massive ears touched his foot with its tongue, he regained a little composure and raised his machine gun, letting off with a short bust that shredded the one he didn’t know was called Lamashtu. Pieces of the statue bounced off the pillar. He watched, shocked, as they fell further away from him, to land on the high ceiling/floor.
The statue of Quui wrapped its long tongue around the man’s leg and pulled. He dropped his weapon as his body was hauled off the floor and into the waiting triad of demons.
Below, in the ante-corridor, the remaining mercenaries had opened fire on the two human guardians attacking them. Leo had jumped on the staircase and, after working the lever, Jacky joined her. The staircase began to jerk away from the high temple, swaying with the movement. One of the mercenaries came rushing out of the high temple. He attempted to jump onto the staircase, but the distance was too great and he plunged into the cold pool below. Jacky and Leo just watched, saying nothing. In its brevity, the event was almost funny.
Gabrielle composed herself enough to stand and once again try the doors, yelping as a bullet shattered one of the jewels in the door, right by her head. She yanked on the doors.
As the doors came apart, the sparkling “glue” in the seam shattered like glass. In that moment, all the magic in the cave, the ziggurat, the tomb, died.
In the lowest tier, the remains of the thing that attacked Jacky fell off the floor and rained onto the ceiling of the upside-down room.
In the second tier, the three demons trying to tear apart the mercenary fell away from the pillar, to slam hard and lifeless against the ceiling by the aperture. The mercenary was crushed and killed by the heavy, lifeless statue of the muscled demon, Manag.
Throughout the ziggurat and the high temple, the light dimmed. The mercenaries found themselves fighting in the dark against two uncannily irresistible foes. These were men made immortal by magic but no longer controlled by it, controlled instead by the power of life, which was why they lived still.
In the tomb proper, Gabrielle couldn’t see a thing, it was pitch black, but she could hear low moaning. The occupant had backed away, obviously scared.
Her fingers brushed over furnishings that were soft and pleasant to the touch, luxurious even after all these years. There was a sweet, pleasant smell in the room. This was the final resting place of a king, no doubt.“Don’t be afraid, your highness. I am here to help you. I am a follower. Please, come to me.”
She got close, could hear heavy breathing now. Her fingers reached out in the blackness and closed on a head. A head whose shape puzzled her.
The occupant did indeed come to her. 
Out in the cave, Jacky, James and Leo clutched tightly against the ropes supporting the helix staircase and shivered at the screams that emanated from the high temple. The glow from the cave’s walls had just dimmed, leaving them in a dark cavern lit only by the natural light coming in through the cave’s high entrance. 
“What the hell is happening in there?” Leo moaned. Jacky had never before seen her this scared, and it bothered him.
“Revenge. The Marcellus clan getting revenge. Henry Wren never did just cut Lawrence Marcellus out of the deal. They had to make sure that he never came back. But Wren was no killer. And there was only one way to get rid of him without killing him.”
Something flew out from between the stone doors, but it did not plummet. In the dim light Jacky could only see that it was some kind of spindly creature, quite tall, with claws that were really just elongated toes and fingers and nails. It was carried by wings like those of a bat, nothing but bone supports and a thin membrane of flesh, torn in places like an old kite. Its flesh somehow contradicted itself for it was both heavily muscled but thin enough to expose the shape of bone beneath, as if it had been highly toned but at the same time had wasted away. The neck was very thin, the head quite large in comparison, with an almost-bald, shapeless skull, wide black eyes and large nostrils. The mouth, full of short but jagged teeth, was set in an eternal grimace because the lips were almost nonexistent. 
It carried something. The bloodied body of Gabrielle, whose legs were kicking despite the fact that one of the flying creature’s arms had been thrust right through her stomach. Blood coated the beast’s entire lower half and dripped into the water below.
“What the hell is that?” James screamed as the beast flew past them, catching the staircase with a wing and making it sway more violently. As it passed, it dropped the body of Gabrielle, which fell through the ropes and hit the lower stairs, just below Jacky and Leo. She tumbled down, blood spraying everywhere. Her legs sailed out into thin air, but somehow she found the strength to grab on with her hands. She hung there, clutching the third step from the bottom, dying, and looked up at Jacky.
“Help me!” she pleaded.
“Jesus Christ!” James yelled.
Jacky reached down, ready to help, but then he stopped, withdrew his hand. Gabrielle looked on with a shocked expression, as if she couldn’t think why someone wouldn’t want to offer assistance.
Jacky reached into a pocket, extracted a pair of sunglasses. "You're going to miss the sun going supernova, unfortunately," he said as he  slid the glasses over his eyes.
They were mirrored. 
The expression on Gabrielle’s face, reflected in those twin mirrors, was so alien and horrendous to her that she lost concentration. Just for a second. Just long enough for her hands to relax their grip on the step.
She fell, plummeting to land with a splash in the pool below. Her screams echoed long after her body had vanished from sight.
“That thing’s coming back!” Leo shouted
Jacky looked. Indeed, the winged beast had circled and was again coming at them, this time intent on doing some serious damage. 
“’Thing’?” Jacky said as coolly as his racing heart would allow. “Is that any way to talk about Lawrence Marcellus?”
Before Leo had time to be puzzled by this response, the winged beast, with a piercing screech, crashed into and became entangled in the ropes, clawing and biting at the three of them as they tried to duck and move out of the way.

92
The creature fell through the rope and hit the steps. It might have been thin, but it was still heavy and its bones were hard because they had been broken and mended a thousand times, the result of Lawrence Marcellus’ constant attempts to batter his way from his prison over the centuries. That weight and those bones easily snapped three of the old wooden steps it landed on. Jacky lashed out with his feet, a guttural grunt expressing the power he used. A similar sound escaped the wasted lips of the creature as it was sent tumbling off the staircase, turning over and over as it fell. It didn’t orient itself in time and both Jacky and Leo watched with no mean joy as it splashed hard into the dark water below.
“Go, run!” Jacky shouted at Leo, pushing her, urging her to run. They needed to be at the top of the staircase. But Leo was so scared and confused that she could only stumble up each step, hands flapping about amongst the vertical ropes for support.
“What the hell is that thing?” she cried.
The creature burst from the pool below like a missile, aimed on a straight path. It struck the steps right below the two climbing people, rocking the staircase like never before, snapping the two boards right under Leo’s feet. 
Jacky was right behind her and he tumbled back as Leo was shoved into the air. She scrambled for the ropes, luckily managing to cling on and avoid falling through the newly created hole.
Jacky almost fell through the ropes, but managed to wrap an arm and a leg around a couple. The creature had curled its hands around one of the steps, claws dug into the wood deep, and was forcing its head through the hole, attempting to snap its jaws around one of Leo’s kicking feet.
“Clear off you sod!” Leo managed to say. It almost sounded funny. She kicked at the bald head, and the creature screamed its distaste.
Now certain that he wasn’t going to tumble off the staircase, Jacky withdrew his pistol and took careful aim.
The bullet shattered the creature’s right hand, passed straight through and cut the step it clung to in half. The thing let out a pitiful scream of pain as it fell away from them once more.
This time it found its wings before it hit the water. The three of them hadn’t made it five steps before the thing was back.
But it didn’t attack. It had learned that these enemies weren’t as easy to defeat as the others and had decided on another tactic.
Jacky watched the creature fly high above them and latch onto the vertical ropes at the top of the staircase, the ones connecting it to the mechanism attached to the roof. It started to chew on the thick supports, snapping them easily.
One, two, three, four, five. The staircase lurched violently as almost a quarter of the ropes holding up the staircase fell away like dead snakes and its centre of gravity changed.
“Move!” Jacky shouted, nudging Leo aside, barging past James. He tore up the steps as fast as he could, not caring about using his hands for support, gun aimed upwards. As he ran, he occasionally looked up and fired off shots, some of which smashed more steps, most of which hit nothing but the roof of the cave. He grinned as he saw and heard one take the creature in its calf, tearing up through flesh and exiting through the knee. The terrible moan of pain from the murderous monster was a beautiful melody to his ears.
The staircase lurched again, swinging like a pendulum, each snapping rope adding to its momentum. But Jacky did not slow. He got to the beast and fired off the last of his bullets point blank. Flesh blew apart, exposing black putty-like blood that had stopped pumping centuries ago. How the beast still retained any muscle control he didn’t know, didn’t care.
He dropped his empty gun; it clattered off the steps, fell through the darkness and was gone forever. He was full of rage now and there was no fear as he literally dove at the beast
He elbowed the creature’s head, knocking it back. Its mouth came away from the rope it was chewing. That rope was almost cut in half. Jacky grabbed it, yanked, and it snapped.
The creature squawked and tried to bite his face, but he ducked aside and it missed. He used the opportunity to wrap the rope end he held twice around its neck. It tried to pull away, but he threw his arm around its head, pulling tight, crushing its skull against his breast. This didn’t hurt the beast at all, but it did hold it tight for a second. Long enough for Jacky to feed the end of the rope between itself and the thing’s scrawny neck to create a thumb knot. 
The creature yanked free of his grip, but this only tightened the knot. The creature tried to make a noise but couldn’t, its throat too constricted.
But Jacky knew he couldn’t suffocate a thing that didn’t breath.
The beast pushed away from the ropes, attempting to fly away to prepare for another attack. The rope straightened, became taut, and the monster was jerked to a halt. It pulled harder. Where the rope was wound around the step he was on, wood cracked. Unconnected at that side now, the step swung out from under Jacky’s feet, making him yelp with surprise. With the restraint suddenly gone, creature once more attempted to fly away. 
 It was jerked to a halt as the rope was pulled taut again. It was wrapped around a step some 20 feet below Jacky, right where James stood. It jerked and pulled at the rope, but this time the wooden board held. The thing made a guttural moaning sound and tried to loosen the knot around its neck with its one remaining hand. Big wings beat, keeping it aloft.
Failing, the creature tried to fly down, away, back to the high temple, Jacky guessed. But with the taut rope around its neck, it could go nowhere. It carved a quarter-circle through the air, curving into the staircase twenty feet below Leo, where its wings became entangled in the ropes. This increased the anger, the confusion in the creature’s insane brain. It went into a panic, a frenzy, flapping its wings and beating the air as if fighting invisible enemies. The staircase rocked even more, and already strained ropes began to snap.
Jacky looked round, glad to see that they were almost at the exit now. Ten seconds, and they'd be free. When he looked back, he saw something that made him call out.
“James, no!”
James had climbed through the ropes and was leaning out, reaching down for the end of the rope that secured the flying beast like some strange pet on a leash. Jacky thought he was going to try to untie it, but he wasn’t. He sure wasn’t.
James took hold of the rope with both hands and jumped off the step, like someone about to rappel down a building.
As he slid down the rope, fast, the creature looked up at him. Jacky seemed to see all of this in slow motion. He didn’t know what was about to happen, but he saw the beast’s eyes, and was sure that he saw within them realisation of exactly what was about to occur.
It was over so quickly it was almost funny. James slid down the rope like a fireman down a pole. His feet slammed into the beast’s shoulders. He stopped dead, and like a relay runner who’d just taken the baton, the creature continued in the direction James had been moving. It fell, twisting, convulsing, and splashed into the pool below.
Its head was still back by James’s feet, the ragged, torn neck still claimed by the thumb knot. The head slipped away too, also to be lost in the murky water below.
James climbed back through the ropes, onto the steps. He lay there and made the sign of the cross, Leo was laughing wildly. Jacky closed his eyes. If he continued to look, he feared he might see Lawrence Marcellus’s head floating in the pool below, staring back up at him with pleading eyes that would never die.
The staircase ground to a halt at the end of its journey.


93
To someone who expects to meet death in a dark, waterlogged cave, the sight of the sun in a warm sky is like being given a new lease of life. Jacky stared up at the hot yellow ball, blinking against the slowing rain, and vowed he would never again risk his life in search of adventure.
Who was he kidding?
He helped Leo towards Gabrielle’s chopper, which he recognised as the Bell Armed OH-58D, the Kiowa Warrior, one of the finest combat choppers on the market. James followed at a distance, like a man who is unsure of the dangers those ahead of him might be walking into. They were almost there when movement in the corner of his eye made Jacky look. Marcellus’ chest was moving, slowly, softly, but moving with life.
He put Leo in the cabin and rushed over as fast as his injuries would allow. James just watched. Marcellus was indeed alive, but bleeding badly.
“I sensed death,” he croaked. 
Jacky bent to help him up. “Don’t give me any of that cheesy crap, Marcellus, I’ve -“
“And it wasn’t all that bad,” he cut in. “That’s why they were all insane, isn’t it? Not because they ate seeds when they were still alive. But because the average human lifespan is just enough for the mind to handle. Any more, you get bored . . .you start to lose it...”
“Yes,” Jacky said reassuringly, as he helped the older man walk.
“And any more than that drives you mad. I don’t want to be mad.”
“Stop babbling, Marcellus, or you might end up that way.”
“I just want to be dead.”
Jacky helped him into the fuselage and strapped the seatbelt on him. “A death wish from someone who wants to be immortal. That’s a first.”
Marcellus started to speak, but Jacky shut the door on him.
He checked Jameson. The man was quite dead.
Jacky went to check on Boyle next. Boyle was looking at the ground somewhat nervously, like a naughty child faced by a strict teacher in front of a whole class. Jacky just looked at him for a moment.
“Bad penny,” Jacky said at length.
Still looking down, James nodded. He kicked at an imaginary stone. “Gabrielle wanted someone close to you. For info. She found the closest.”
“I suppose you think you deserve thanks for kicking that gun away?”
“I suppose you think you deserve thanks for showing me my wife was a cheating bitch?”
Jacky laughed, but then Boyle's face became all serious.
"I don't really want you dead, Jacky. I know you too well. But it's probably going to happen, the risks you take. But a guy like you, and a guy like me, seems only fitting that we take our last breath because of a risk. A failed climb, or some boobytrap, something like that. Not a bullet. Not by some wanker with a gun. That's just wrong."
Jacky was taken aback by this. "Cheers. I think."
There was a short silence that followed. Then Boyle said, “Are you going to leave me here, Werewolf.”
“I’ve always hated that name, James. And don't you think missing in action on a dangerous treasure hunt in South America would be cool on your obituary?”
"I'd prefer dead of old age."
Their eyes met for a moment, and something uncomfortable passed between them. It was that feeling felt by very close friends who’ve had a silly argument that makes each party feel somewhat childish for their attitude. It did the same here. If nothing else, it served to remind them that at one time they had been inseparable friends. That at least counted for something. If never to be a re-established friendship, then at least a quiet ride home.
Jacky opened the door; James got in. “I have a new lead on the horseshoe, Werewolf. Jamaica of all places. Might need a partner.”
“Might consider it.” 
Jacky got in the pilot’s seat. Behind him, a high-pitched growl.
Marcellus was holding Gabrielle’s baby tiger, twisting it this way and that like a man studying a strange object. Leo took the squirming animal from him.
“Aw, cute. I’m keeping him.”
“No,” Jacky said, twisting in his seat and taking the baby tiger from her. Then he broke into a grin. “He’s mine.”
Leo said, “Lawrence Marcellus. So they didn’t kill him?”
“Nobody killed anyone except the chap they knew as Patrick,” Jacky answered as he started the chopper’s engines. The baby tiger was in his lap, licking his paws, happy with life, it seemed. The chopper rose from the island. If  there were any more bad guys out there, it was too late for them.  It was all over. Time to go home.
“Patrick?” Leo prompted.
“Lachesis, remember?" Jacky said. "Patrick thought he was something special. Lachesis decided the length of human life. Patrick likened himself to her. I realised that in his cell. I think he was the one who volunteered to test the magical nectar first. It brought him back after death and that, I guess, made him think he was some kind of deity with control over life and death. He was letting his ego play in that cell when he scribbled the name ‘Lachesis’. That was one of the biggest clues, a giveaway. The prison period in French Guiana didn’t even begin until almost a hundred years after Lawrence Marcellus and the others found the tomb. I thought it was one of his descendants in that prison, because of the years gone by. But it was Patrick himself. How could Patrick have lived for so long unless he’d used the magic? By the time he was imprisoned, a hundred years later, Patrick was the only one of the original group still living, apart from Lawrence, buried in a tomb, where he’d obviously found some remnants of that magic nectar. Patrick had killed the man who paid him off, Henry Wren, and all his men. Killed them and fabricated their suicides, blaming it on poisoning at the hands of Lawrence Marcellus. He wanted the power alone. And it had been planned all along. Weeks earlier, while Lawrence and Wren had been here in South America, Patrick had been in Nova Scotia, setting up the Money Pit decoy. It was Patrick alone who killed those people. Maybe Lawrence Marcellus and Henry Wren didn’t even know. It had all been planned from the start.”
“What people?”
Jacky remembered that Leo didn’t know about what he’d found at the bottom of the Money Pit. He avoided the question. “That left Patrick himself the only remaining player, an immortal.”
“But he went insane?”
“Insane enough to get arrested a hundred years later. But even that was many, many years ago. I dare say he’s a raving lunatic now.”
Leo looked shocked. “You think he’s still alive?”
“He’s immortal. Alive and insane and probably hiding in another cave in France. Or London, or anywhere. And all we know about him is one name. Hang on.” He banked the chopper, turning half-circle, heading back towards the island. Leo looked down at it, all barren and burned.
“How could he become like that? That thing in there? It was . . .”
“Since apes stopped living in trees, look how they’ve changed. They became us. More walking created flatter feet. That's evolution. Adaptation. Evolution is about learning and adapting. Lawrence Marcellus did nothing but scratching and biting and diving at that door, for years and years. Hence the claws, teeth and wings.”
Leo’s mouth moved. She sort of understood this, Jacky realised, but her brain was having a hard time accepting it - even after all it had witnessed. 
“What happens now?” she said, changing the subject before she went insane herself. Can this thing get us the hell away from here?”
“Well, it does roughly 230 kph and 270 nautical miles. It’ll certainly get us away from here, but we won’t be reaching home too quickly.”
“I could do with a few toilet stops after today’s adventures. What happens with that tomb now.”
“Well, in a few dozen years the trees will have all grown back. I dare say there’s still magic in there. They grew back after Lawrence Marcellus and Henry Wren destroyed them. The Babylonians made this thing to last. Unless we pull another lever.”
“What?”
Jacky tapped the lever in question. It was small and red and used to pre-fire activate the seven-tube rocket launcher located on the side of the chopper. 
“Two Hellfires, seven Hydra 70s, and two air-to-air Stingers, complete with laser designator for faultless targeting. We have enough firepower to smash the surface of that island enough to allow the river to flood the cave. sure. Bury the tomb. Marcellus here can invent a cover story. What do you say?”
He smiled at Leo. Leo smiled back. “You and your levers, Jacky!”
“You’re not wrong!” James said. “He's been doing it for years. Even nice, helpful levers turn dangerous when he touches them. The coffee machine in the library at university, ask him about that. Pulled the lever right off. Water everywhere. Or ask him about the Mahavira thing. That lever in Thandidin Temple in India. ”
Leo looked round at James. “Yeah?”
Jacky just groaned. "No, no, James, I tripped and fell into that one. That was an accident."
"Hell no," James said, laughing. "'Allow me,'" you said. Allow me. Allow you to trip? You went right over and pulled it after I said you really shouldn't."
"I meant allow me to go first. First into the chamber. I sensed the danger ahead. And you were so scared that day."
"My knight in shining armour. How about that false book in that bookcase in Japan, you remember that? The Lady Murasaki thing."
"That wasn't a trapdoor, man, it was a loose bit of floor..."
Leo sat back with a smile and listened to the two men bicker as the helicopter took them home.

