
Sir Ian Peters

By Kevin P Pearson

Text Copyright 2013 Kevin P Pearson

All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition
This Ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This Ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

To those that doubt, may you believe.

Acknowledgments

Many thanks to Katarzyna for her realistic cover picture of poor Sam, caught out on a cold night.
To get in touch with Katarzyna regarding possible art projects, please contact her directly at the email address below.

Katarzyna Waszewska-Adamowska

LABARTE

Email: pracownia.labarte@gmail.com

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Pine Meadows 1920

Chapter 1

My name is Edward Johnson the third. After dad’s passing in January 2007 at the miraculous age of one hundred and seven, I discovered a hand written document placed very carefully atop precious items and letters of note. 
Having examined these notes in great detail and considered the aging, yellowing pages, along with acknowledging the fact that my father, Doctor Samuel Johnston possessed the most truthful of characters; I can only conclude that the text is entirely genuine. Therefore I have left them for you, my inimitably valued reader to peruse at leisure. I hope you derive as much satisfaction, comfort and humour from them as our family have.
Dad lived all his long life in the same area of rural Northumberland. It seems he never spent much time revising these notes, writing the document in a very short period, preferring to allow memories to flow as freely as possible. I ask those who choose to read further understand and respect this. 
This manuscript has only been altered by placing quotations at the start of various chapters. Dad adored puzzles such as these more than most of his generation, positive they were: ‘Words of wisdom, the parables of our time!’ I am convinced this is what he would have wanted. 
One month before dad’s sad departure, I received an excited, hurried note: ‘Edward, all has come to pass. I have seen them! All three were present last night, at the very foot of my bed! At their touch I felt their glowing warmth passing through my hands! The feeling was akin to none other! It was nothing less than love, pure, unadulterated love! I did not doubt for one moment that they would visit; only that they would appear in such a truly glorious manner! Edward, believe me, my chamber was illuminated with the power of a thousand suns! Please come at once, with the greatest of haste - There is much we need to discuss.’
Regrettably, I did not arrive till the morning after his passing. I was otherwise engaged on the Africa savannah, in the heady endeavour of setting up a charitable trust, proving to be of great benefit to the indigenous Bemba tribe and their wildlife. By the time I laid eyes on dad’s urgent request, a month had already dissolved into the constantly expanding ether. 
The nurse on call on the night dad alluded to in his final communication confirmed that there had been an extraordinarily bright light issuing from all areas of his bedroom door. At the time this was thought to be dad’s work, reliving youthful experiences. Folk surmised he was being mischievous, purely for fun of course. It’s widely accepted the very elderly often do this kind of thing. I’m sure every one of us has this playful urge still buried somewhere, for we never truly lose this gift. Thankfully I still see it daily, a purse of the lips when discussing a particular subject, that certain sparkle in the eyes - not least is it more apparent in some of the most interesting, endearing people I know. 
When Dad awoke the next morning he reported he’d been blessed by the deepest, most refreshing night’s sleep since his one hundredth birthday celebrations. Such was the plane of his exquisite rapture at the night’s proceedings his exhilaration never fell below this standard. Over the next month this elevated mood never faltered. 

(Enclosed notes)
20th May 1970.
Dearest Edward,
my most trusted Son,

Considering I am advancing in years and old father time is slowly shaping me as he does us all, and although I have recently passed the very respectable age of seventy years and true, have no fear! I have no plans to retire from the genuine pleasure of your company anytime soon. So, if you should happen on this letter before I’ve the opportunity to discuss its content with you in full, please don’t take your discovery as some sort of strangely predictive fond farewell! For tis merely a moral tale, albeit an entirely true one, which I feel demonstrates in a small way the complexities of life and our still highly uncertain position in it. 
In order to fully satisfy my mind, I need to be as certain as possible that I have provided you with the absolute truth in this matter. I should also like to impress upon you to keep this letter close to your heart in a safe place, for the sake of your children and theirs. 
Edward, I have absolute faith in you to produce these notes at the exact moment necessary, precisely at the moment in your family’s lives when you think they will do most good. Take my word you need not worry yourself one jot with such suspicious thoughts of madness, nor choose to disbelieve these words because they seem bizarre, or suspect they are purely the influence of an aging mind. Just be aware at all times of their absolute veracity. I can assure you, my faculties are still of the highest standard, uncannily close to my younger days in 1920 when these curious events unfolded. 
You will of course, excuse mistakes in spelling, phrases or similar errors in punctuation I may have made, as I have never professed to be much of a writer of tales, much preferring the aural theatre in this regard. I didn’t choose that particular forum for this account as I’d sworn a solemn oath never to reveal these events till a series of signs became known, assuring me I had leave to do so. Once I have sworn allegiance to such an undertaking, nothing can convince me to the contrary. 
On that note: That none of my family would lie to their neighbour for their own financial gain overwhelms my person with the greatest of pleasure and grants me the very height of contentment. I fear I may have rambled too long with these preliminary notes, and my actual tale may prove a bit of an anti climax. I can only pray it will not appear that way. Perhaps its true meaning will shine through in the end?
Edward, due to the substantial price of such things back in 1920 there exist precious few pictures of any of us from that era, thankfully least of all me. But I may as well make a clean breast of it and tell you in my early twenties I was a tall, thin, gangly youth, one of those whom sprouted early. In fact by sixteen I’d already reached my maximum height of an impressive six foot one. Unfortunately the rest of my body did not wish to follow suit. Muscles, there were none. My upper torso erroneously gave the impression of a soul damned to suffer the endless torment of eternal malnourishment, whilst my unusually protracted face successfully carried the ensanguine pallor of one cursed with a singular aversion to our sun. 
What passed for hair was an abhorrent straw like mixture of deep, rich brown and darkened ginger, growing every which way possible at unbelievably different rates. The only possible advantage of this was it served to take notice away from my matching set of unfeasibly large ears. All barbers then and since have thrown their hands up in complete despair. I do not blame them one jot. 
With my body ‘twas an impossible task to try and restore any semblance of order, one thing which I craved ceaselessly in all areas of life. Thankfully the more I searched for order, the easier it became to uncover. ‘twas a beautiful discovery, almost as if it wanted this to be so. To my mind order as a concept can be summed up in a whole host of ways. For instance, in society absence of order would allow the strong to continually prey unchallenged upon the weak. Order consists of an immaculately clean library of perfectly aligned books strictly alphabetized for ease of function to the time challenged scholar. 
For me I found order of a most invigorating kind in the exciting field of mathematics. We all learn early on in our lives order exists in the perfect alignment and calculable orbit of our galaxy’s planets in conjunction with our life giving sun. Order is always at work unsleeping in the natural world all around us, regardless of whether we acknowledge it or not. To my mind, a world without order is one where only chaos reigns. 
My impromptu lecture could go on, so foregoing the unnecessary need to over dramatise a single iota - without order not a single one of us would be alive today. But above all back then I believed order was there to save us time. And time we are told is one of the few constants in our universe, is indescribably precious and woe betide one who foolishly squanders it. For as a wise soul once philosophised: ‘One does not want to reach the hour of one’s death, only to find that one has not lived.’ At least I used to think this way. 
Of course all these former points were and still are perfectly valid for ninety nine percent of our world’s population. By now you can confirm that order gave my life a deeper meaning along with immense comfort and in some ways still does. I was once graced with the good fortune to have an awfully good friend who envied and ridiculed me equally for these very same thoughts, though he’d never admit it. 
But tell me, what if one day all order were snatched away from you in a single moment and replaced with gnawing, abject uncertainty? How then may you react? Please bear with me, stay a while if you will, and if I can I shall endeavour to convey the significance underlying these confusing words. 
Note: Whilst the youngest, most mischievous amongst you may well consider these types of games old hat, I can assure you that in my day such self indulgent pastimes were almost entirely new and their effectiveness very real. Suffice to say, I’d lost count of the occasions such terrible pranks had befallen my sorry person. A desperate admission indeed coming from the mouth of a well accomplished mathematician. 
If I were to readily admit to you in my youth I was plagued, this statement wouldn’t be as far from the truth as you might imagine. This particular plague came not from the usual form of rats, mice, spiders or cockroaches. Nor was it born from any similar crawling beasties the vast insect kingdom has to offer. No sir, it sprang forth from the thoroughly evil mind of a far more cunning animal. One possessive of no rules of conduct nor morals which blight most folk; namely my younger sibling of twelve years, my true nemesis, Edward. 
Sadly it appeared little Edward’s maturity had not yet caught up to his high intellect. If one had not had far more pressing, more mature matters to attend to, then I’d gladly have devoted all of my waking life, as well as all the world’s resources in order to rectify such a mystifying anomaly. 
Edward’s entire existence, his all consuming passion was the careful erection of certain childish traps, or engagements as he liked to call them. Their sole purpose was to ‘meet the mission objective,’ which inevitably took the form of my person being sprayed with some noxious, sticky substance at the most unexpected and inconvenient moments. Normally this would happen with his full knowledge that I was expected at an important engagement and wore my very best attire. 
I later discovered that Edward kept a detailed diary, hidden not quite carefully enough under his bedroom floor, containing notes on all previous engagements. Each completed mission had been carefully marked using a scoring system on a sliding scale, considering how well they’d played out. His results had been pretty impressive. Also included in his art of war were complex strategies for future sorties, including back up plans and exit strategies - devices in case the rare, the unthinkable happened and the mission went pear shaped. 
My heart fell when I found no hints concerning actual future dates, still further reading the bold, underlined note at the back: ‘No information concerning forthcoming mission particulars can be released at this time, due to the fact that enemy intelligence networks can never be underestimated, nor their abilities to become cognisant of our cunning designs. Spies are around us at all times, ready at a moment’s notice to ruthlessly tear our army’s heart asunder. Forthwith you are now duly reminded that is regarded as very poor show to avail yourself surreptitiously of other people’s affairs. In other words, mind your own damn business!’ signed General Claus Gordon Davis of the queens own regiment, first battalion.’ Such insane ramblings beggared all belief.
In order to furnish you with just a tiny inkling of how Satan’s advocate’s mind operated, I shall detail one of his earlier sorties, so you can judge its crazed heights and sit in wonder at his sheer lunacy.
As Edward’s relentless campaign intensified, he resorted to far more ingenious devices. Consequences falling on me were catastrophic. That fateful day I’d had a particularly busy day at the office, completing many complex calculations. Back home I was greeted by my strangely attentive sibling’s bulging eyes, who was currently engaged in the messy, but highly important job of munching away on a batch of chocolate cakes. 
Evidently these buns had been freshly baked to absolute perfection. Quickly grabbing the largest one before his gluttonous hands lighted on it, I soon reduced it to an extremely small pile of crumbs. And why not? Hadn’t I truly earned it? Throwing Edward a quick salute of success, which he happily accepted, but not being the type to stay too long basking in the warm glow of victory, I retired to the relative safety of my bed to sleep off the day’s toils which had left me tired and slightly vulnerable. 
I awoke only an hour later with a terrific start. Angry, thunderous monsters rumbled deep down in the pits of my stomach. Realising immediately what had to be done I took flight via the back door, stumbling through the heavy cold night air to the outside toilet at the bottom of the garden, which was the fashion at the time. 
On arrival, barely had I toasted my miraculous success and assumed the required position, when my bowels opened up with such a furious vengeance that can never, ever be described accurately. Truly, it was all I could do, considering the shortness of breath, but whisper a series of plaintive bleats for help, whilst deeply contemplating the sheer futility of further existence. 
I will forgo the intricate details as to the results to ones psyche on finding out that some hideous merchant, specialising in negative energies, cleverly, carefully and with deep malice of forethought, had tightly covered the entire toilet pan with a new, almost transparent substance. Those of you living in the civilised world will recognise this material as cellophane. Need I say more? Resulting back blasts were literally of tidal proportions. 
Not only that, just try to guess at the depths of my dismay on the terrible discovery that all means of cleaning material, including paper tissues were strangely absent. I soon partly regained the power of speech. My cowed mewing then quickly escalated beyond all conscious control, eventually giving full unrestrained voice to the true heights of dreadful anguish. Horrifying screams of the most telling nature brought my parents rushing outside, plunging headlong into the inky darkness, ready to fight off my raging murderer. 
If the dim glow of my parents old lanterns didn’t reveal the true level of my misery, then passing neighbours certainly did, considering they were working country folk whose modern torches produced optimum illumination. One of them had rushed over, despite living nearly two miles away! 
While this saga unfolded, amongst the furore, as I stumbled around the garden in a shameful state of undress, shocked, dazed, confused, and, er, still not quite finished, I fancied I heard the unrestrained sounds of the mad general. Wild uncontrollable giggling drifted from the warmth and safety of his bedroom window. I am certain my wild eyes made out the vague silhouette of his repulsive, twisted person passing slyly amongst lengthy shadows created by the thin drapes. 
Next day huge swollen red tear lines were apparent, travelling down from Edward’s eyes, way past his mouth. Believe me these were not from sadness. I will not impress on you exactly how long it took to rid myself of the foul smell, using only the customary tin bath with cold water and lashings of cheap soap. 
To this very day my local reputation still hasn’t recovered from such a devastating blow. I seriously doubt it ever will. E.g. - Mrs Sue Jenkins who still lives at the farm down the road is just one of the affected parties. Every month without fail the old dear calls in person to collect money for her delicious fresh milk and eggs. She tries her level best to disguise it, bless her; but I know exactly what she is thinking! 
My firm belief is ‘twas only the intervention of divine wisdom, the healing power of earnest prayer and a smidgeon of hope in some form of eventual justice that kept my mind from developing some sort of unhealthy obsession with the posterior, along with a not unreasonable fear of unlit lavatories. Briefly I even considered using the garden incognito for this purpose, but that would have presented its own set of problems, especially under cover of night. One also grants my singular, stout, unwavering mindset kept these insidious demons at bay. To this very day the general hasn’t truly admitted his guilt in this disgusting affair. 
I held grave suspicions that this escalation in events was designed as some sort of final crushing blow, in order to effect my unequivocal surrender, thereby bending me forever to the general’s evil will. I could only hope that I hadn’t read the situation correctly and pray this would be the end of all further hostilities, at least on this scale.
All intelligence gathered from some of the general’s bible’s many stratagems was the possibility that I’d been successfully hit by an entirely original three pronged approach, one along the same lines as the well known pincer movement, but greatly modernised. 
During carefully phrased intensive questioning, the general did concede that was indeed an adroit suggestion, but asked: ‘Did I still not grasp the realities of my particular style of thinking? After all, on some reflection this particular raid had taken the distinct form of a four pronged attack. Besides, had I also forgotten that in the grim, harsh realities of modern warfare casualties were to be expected? Commanders call this ‘collateral damage.’ 
Apparently it gave him little pleasure to hear of such reprehensible approaches, but sometimes war veterans suffered from battle fatigue, which was regrettable, but only to be expected and not entirely unusual. Assuredly as night turns into day, as soon as his communication tent was back up and running, which had allegedly been the sad victim of a cowardly bombing run, he’d make no mistake in contacting the squad in question, thereby ensuring he received their sworn statements. 
“Really,” he smirked, “How can a general honestly be expected to be called to account for the actions of a small number of renegade troops?” Such politically styled philosophising did not impress me, not one jot. No, not in the slightest. He’d be hearing of this and more when his duly appointed court hour arrived. Justice would prove swift and decisive. 
Pushing my perceived advantage a little too far at times, I learned to wait for opportunities suggestive of his weakness. Times of obvious physical fatigue or trifling illness became firm favourites. 
“So, a highly decorated General, with no troops, eh? Where are they today then, out on manoeuvres? A veritable one man army you are and no mistake!” were amongst many intelligent lines I cheekily ventured. 
“’tis uncannily fortunate fate smiles upon you in such a loving fashion, that these facts stand so resolutely as they are. For what delicate flavours might you be forced to taste if there were but two of me!?” came the annoyingly witty riposte. 
For months following the previous distasteful toilet incident, usually in company he’d deliberately catch my eye, sniff the air like a wild animal, then work his way up to a low snigger, nudging me continually. I also had the misfortune to have borne witness to accompanying behaviour of this nature, even when the general wasn’t conscious of my person. On at least two instances I became rather disquietly aware of him breaking into insane peals of laughter, evidently replaying this episode in his mind, no doubt along with other choice ones, time after time. 
As time progressed I had to admit to myself that I’d obviously made a schoolboy faux pas in letting my guard down. This could never be allowed to happen again in the face of such an uncompromising enemy. I knew the risks, but chose to ignore them, consequently paying the ultimate price. 

Chapter 2

Trials hinted at earlier were always held in the back room of our home, overlooking the countryside. This was purely for reasons of convenience. For as father so sagely pointed out with much amusement ‘If the accused be found guilty as charged, then it was only a short walk for the condemned man to be led into the garden directly to the hangman’s noose, with the minimum of fuss.’ Such were the heights of his bemusement at such grave proceedings. 
He even took the great liberty of appointing himself high court judge, solely because ‘Who else but a man of my stature and standing could be expected to preside over such heinous crimes?’ After all ‘Did he not hold sole power over life, death, the sun, the moon, both ying and yang?’ Though he sadly confessed these sentiments did not seem to apply to the contents of his wallet. 
My extensive evidence, though truly compelling, was constantly interrupted with his cries of “Shame! Shame!” or “Well, I don’t believe I would have gone about it quite that way, but I can see the clear line of thinking.” Involuntary outbursts along the line of ‘Outstanding!’ and ‘Singular!’ became common occurrences hearing of certain tricks or japes as he preferred calling them. At other times pertinent data was thrown out of court with alarming regularity. 
“Objection. Hum...The defendant clearly didn’t steal the soiled fruit he is alleged to have launched with uncanny aim at the prosecutor’s person. As to my mind, exactly what sort of rogue would willingly accept payment for rotten produce? Objection overruled!” 
“Oh, so the improvised wooden mortar was discovered where exactly? The neighbouring field? I see. And the twine to which it was attached was wrapped around the outside of the back door? Ho, hum, yes, how curious.” 
At that age, I really didn’t know why I willingly continued to take part in such foolish charades. My dear, flustered mother Margaret attended purely in a vain attempt to restore some sort of balance, particularly when proceedings had occasion to become heated and pillow fights ensued, usually between prosecutor and accused. All this despite the fact that all weapons had been banned from the bench. Sometimes the bailiff became overwhelmed, so the judge was forced to intervene using the medium of ‘His very own, handmade wig, which only looked like a tea cosy’ and of course for no other reason than ‘Purely to restore order.’ 
Although this type of event happened at least once a fortnight, outside of school terms it occurred rather more frequently. When my protestations reached a certain level and my rapidly warming face matched a merry bright crimson, father would energetically leap to his feet almost dancing, shouting, “Order Sir, order! The prosecutor will see humour hidden within!” Much to the chagrin of my mother and I with very few exceptions were the judge’s final sage summations, announced at random with the utmost of pomp and ceremony. 
“Enough sir! Please, I beg of you! Never before have I had occasion to have had heard of such heinous crimes perpetrated in such a foul, singular, albeit clever manner! I now announce my verdict. The accused will be taken from this place, despite any worthless protests he may see fit to engage in, forthwith to the depths of the kitchen, where he will be forced to share with the members of the court in a last meal of ham sandwiches, hopefully followed by enormous quantities of cream cake. Furthermore, on the prosecutors awakening tomorrow, he will find a new shirt/trouser/jacket/shoe, of at least the same quality, lying patiently at his bedside awaiting his delectation and delight. Not least, let the prosecutor be made fully aware that the eloquence of his speech has not gone unnoticed, along with the real truth that his deep feelings in this most serious matter are duly recorded. He should not leave the bench before fully acknowledging how highly he is regarded by all members of the court. Let it be also known far and wide, that the expensive silk tie discovered cruelly dismembered last week shall be miraculously found whole tomorrow evening, its pieces happily reunited with their respective brethren. Surely this is the work of the power of prayer; an uncanny magic given to us by the grace of God.” 
I must stress that this always happened. Fortunately I never lost one penny due to Edward's mindless acts, as father never failed to keep his word. I never did work out how much these reimbursements actually cost dad, who was far from rich. 
Only on rare occasions that some small injury occurred, or more likely a potentially serious one  divined was Edward reprimanded in any stern manner. This took the form of especially firm words by the judge, who duly sanctioned elicitation of appropriate funds from Edward’s tiny account. 
Still, they were truly maddening, deeply unreal days. In retrospect I believe most youngsters would have happily introduced Edward to the fine art of pummelling at an early age, in a vain effort to discourage such aberrant behaviour, but such acts simply weren’t present in my nature and he knew it. 
The twentieth fourth day of January 1920 was an overcast Saturday morning I shall never forget. Still a fair few degrees higher than the mean temperature this time last year I noted on the thermometer mounted in the front hall - ten degrees and rising. That simply couldn’t be correct I calculated by last year’s charts. Today I’d found myself rattling round our downstairs hallway, weighing up the odds of my person coming through my weekly constitutional unscathed, which consisted of a long, energetic walk over beautiful countryside. 
Decisions of this nature tended to grant me a strange delight, perhaps as they were of such a different ilk from normal working life. Certainly, consequences for failure to choose the correct one were distinctly less severe. In general Saturday was the only day I could truly call my own, notwithstanding the small possibility that if I tarried too long I may have the distinct displeasure of ensuring my restless sibling didn’t damage anything, or more importantly, me. 
On finalising my procrastinations on this the most important of matters, I decided to place my life, along with my entire future in the trusty hands of fate. Immediately on making the conscious decision to do so, I leapt for the front door. At the last possible second before my hand lighted on the doorknob, a loud shrill voice rang out. 
“I really wouldn’t do that if I were you. At least not at this precise moment.” In the same instant my form was beset by a curious, pronounced tingling sensation at the peak of my head, which played its way slowly downwards, eventually covering my entire body. This singular impression culminated in a definite bouncing feeling in my feet. 
I have thought long since exactly how to describe the experience. The only way I could invoke a measure of certainty in expressing it is perhaps the strange feeling one get’s when ones blood pressure is caught unawares - a direct result of sitting in the same position for an extended period, then rising to your feet far too quickly. Perhaps you know it? Believe me; one fears they may pass into a faint. The eyes fog up, bringing forth a deathly, consuming blackness that more than hints at the notion. 
Not having the broader life experience I have now, I quickly shook it off, placing its origins firmly inside my sleepy brain. Nothing a brisk walk won’t cure I thought confidently. Now fully recovered, less than a minute later I reached for the doorknob a second time. In this instance it was my own instincts that successfully intervened. 
How the devil could I have been so stupid? Why had I forgotten the most basic of checks? Unbelievable! I’d even been forewarned, yet here I was about to hand pompous General Davis yet another easy victory. I set to work, taking great care to check for hidden traps that were so obviously crafted around the area. Were there cups of mouldy milk carefully balanced on top of the door? No, the door was firmly shut. Besides, that was much too simple. What about some snail slime or similar greasy, disgusting substance smeared liberally beneath the knob? Definitely negative on that one also. 
So... perhaps, it could only be... no, he wouldn’t? If he’s done that I vowed to burn his diary in front of him! I checked for disturbance in the blackened putty holding the latticed window in place, nervously entertaining fears Edward had connected the solid metal door knob to some rudimentary electric apparatus. The resulting shock would prove truly fearsome, especially to the unwary. 
All checks screaming negative, progress was no longer hindered. Victory was mine! Quickly opening the door and making good my escape, I called out allusions to the general's weak character and feeble nocturnal bladder control skills, ones you can be sure smelt of victory, leaving the greasy, diseased rat to his dirty little hole. It was so obvious Edward was peering from the little cupboard under the stairs, now sore at missing a cheap laugh at my expense, as his pathetic plan failed to come to fruition. 
Imagine my surprise on passing the safety of our garden gate and being unceremoniously bowled over from behind by the postman riding a heavy framed bicycle. Luckily I suffered no lasting injuries besides my pride, but was sorely winded. When I finally regained enough power of speech to accept apologies profusely offered by the shocked gentleman, I stormed back into the house to administer the sternest of reprimands. From the porch the same piercing voice floated towards me, piping up mockingly. 
“Told you so! But no, you wouldn’t listen would you? Poor, poor Sam. Once again thought he knew it all! It really is true! That proves it, they all are as easy! Well, perhaps you’ll listen next time?” 
Finding our back entrance firmly locked, I promptly made safe the front one. Make no mistake, the general was involved in this nasty business in some way or other, therefore must not be allowed to escape justice. I dropped to all fours, commencing a fingertip search of the premises, starting with the cupboard beneath the stair. I felt slightly perturbed by loud noises in the front garden, yet more soundly so by the appearance at the front door of Edward and mother, who’d obviously been together in town all morning. 
“I knew this would happen, Samuel,” Edward smirked confidently, “It was inevitable. And here’s the living proof. Now you have finally admitted to yourself that I am nothing less than your lord and master, perhaps we can now both move on, starting with you rising from your knees on my command.”
“Don’t be so silly Edward,” mother exclaimed sharply. “Samuel Johnson, stop crawling around in the dirt at once. Really, how much washing am I expected to do around here? Are you all in on a terrible scheme to kill me? Honestly, you both know far better.”
Now, having had but a small measure of my early life, you will not fail to wonder at my utter consternation at any former or latter revelations. I swiftly retired to what I hoped would be the safety of my bedroom chamber to collect my deeply troubled thoughts, where the same voice continued its whispering as faint echoes, yet continuously spouting forth little but sheer nonsense. All the insane babbling appeared to be emanating from deep inside the bowels of my right ear. After a time the far off voice became more consistent, sharper and more intense. 
Perhaps my brain had finally given up I seriously considered. After all, it had been subjected to the foulest of predicaments during its most tender, formative years. Was there evidence of this disorder prevalent in my immediate family? Perchance it could be the result of continuous overstraining of nerves left unsupported by essential nutrients? No doubt a lack of these elements over the years could hardly fail to present a major problem eventually in this regard? 
All this and much more filled my consciousness, long past the witching hour. Very early hours saw my wild debate dawdle somewhat. In due course my reasoning took a far wiser approach. Just as I drifted off into a deep sleep, far more measured, saner views came through. Ultimately I drew the conclusion I’d developed a simple infection, albeit only in a single ear. 




Chapter 3
‘Last night upon the stair,
I met a man that wasn’t there.
He wasn’t there again today,
I wish I wish he’d go away.’
William Hughes Mearns circa 1899

Exactly twelve pm Monday lunch hour found me sitting opposite a strait laced, no nonsense doctor pouring out my heart, my hopes, my fears, making certain to make no mention whatsoever of the strange voice in my head! No, that would not do. The voice had to be changed somewhat cleverly to represent diverse, unspecific noises, similar to the wind and the far off rushing of waters one hears pressing a seaside shell to the ear. In my wildest moment I fancied on the idea of making a clean breast of it; confessing all, yielding my very soul to be used at the good doctor’s behest. However, at the time medical knowledge was veritably archaic in this field. If I’d done so I could be sure of nothing less than immediate internment in a Victorian style asylum, a madhouse, probably for an indefinite period without trial or legal recourse. 
Curiously, my entire being became overwhelmed with a strangely desperate yearning to meet all of life’s challenges, for unrestricted glimpses at our planets most beautiful landscapes, for but a hint at what outstanding mysteries lie beyond our feeble consciousness, for a hidden depth of knowledge as yet unseen by modern man - the discovery of new lands, new dominions, new concepts, for a family to teach and learn from, and finally for a future unsullied by the uncleansable, blackened stain of madness. So I duly held my tongue. There really was no saner choice. Let this be a lesson to always trust your instincts. For they function as your last line of defence, as a means of self preservation, therefore must never be underestimated. 
“Yes, quite a common complaint nowadays I’m afraid,” the doctor said sagely. “Lucky for you it is so, for ‘tis fairly easily treatable. I suspect it is caused by poor hygiene, the result of allowing soiled water in your ear when bathing. Here, let me take a quick look. Yes, just as I thought, a universal problem and no mistake.” Thorough flushing of my ear ensued, followed by comforting words advising me to give it a week or two and all would be fine.
I’d barely stumbled into the crowded street, thankful to be free at last, then I was beset by the very same voice that had earlier granted me the grave misfortune of its company. 
“You did the right thing there, for once. For a millisecond you even had me fooled. I honestly considered you were going to collapse on the spot and reveal all. It seems I may have underestimated you a tad and have made the right choice after all. You might have some potential.”
“Enough!” I shouted angrily. “Who are you and why are you persecuting me?”
“Whoa, steady on there champ!” came the swift, piercing reply. Admittedly the voice had a strong point. Several folk were pointing in my direction, talking hurriedly to each other. 
“Out of the frying pan and into the fire, eh?” the unknown entity ventured. 
“Remember, that doctor was surely nothing less than a quack. I’ll warrant he never truly earned the certificate he so proudly hangs on his surgery wall. Unfortunately the poor fellow doesn’t understand the true influence of nepotism, but he still held the power to detain you at leisure. It simply wouldn’t do to give other people the same inclination. Now, if you’ll do one thing for me, who knows, perhaps in due course I’ll answer your queries and more? Have no fear, it’s nothing very difficult, nor against principles you hold so dear. Granted, you do have some talent, though you’re not quite as gifted as your sibling in a strategic sense. It's really very simple; all you have to do is find my location. We’ll call it hide and seek if you like. The solution’s perfectly obvious. ’tis literally child’s play.” You’re not wrong there I thought.
The next three days were spent in deep contemplation, the like of which didn’t escape the notice of work colleagues, who were used to my attentive manner. Growing tired of chasing up possibilities, I’d just about conceded defeat when the answer formed in an instant. The intruding entity was indeed correct; the solution was straightforward to a peculiar degree. Now just the small matter of materials presented the only obstacle. Several favours and no end of begging later I felt ready for the task at hand. 
Placing the well worn wooden doorstop in its favourite position beneath my chamber door ensured my test could commence with comparative security. I simply couldn’t afford to be disturbed, as how could I explain the intricate necessities of such an odd invention? 
Following a short interval to ensure lasting light levels, I’d constructed an apparatus which would furnish me with the desired result. This consisted of a basic exoskeleton made up of thin, easily pliable solid metal lengths, less than one quarter of an inch thick. It was very similar to modern metal coat hangers. I rescued this material from a local scrap merchant after leaving the owner a firm promise of help with his tax accounts. 
With the skeletal base now up and running, things looked pretty good. I then set to work with the rather more difficult task of correctly placing the tiny pieces of mirror I’d gathered, (twelve in total with a few spares) which were essential to complete the ensemble. Despite my haste, I’d carefully filed these pieces in a rough, circular fashion. This in itself wasn’t entirely warranted, but done purely as an afterthought; a precaution against cuts. 
Their positioning proved to be the biggest headache, as each one had to be tightened in a specific order, working strictly from bottom to top. One had to place these individual pieces strategically at regular intervals, so their brethren above reflected the image ever onwards. The very top mirror shard was left facing directly opposite the ancient mirror on my bedside table. 
It was imperative that all apparatus be arrested from lateral movement or the whole effect of the singular piece would be lost. If said event occurred (usually near the final top pieces) it was all I could do to contain my frustration, as the whole system would have to be painstakingly begun again, then finely tweaked. 
I have no choice here but to make mention of the extra difficulty presented by mirrors in days of yore. Anyone placing, say, a pencil point vertically downwards onto a flat, horizontal modern mirror will discover that they’ve been manufactured to a certain standard, and find they give an accurate reflection: I.E - The pencils point will appear as it should, mirrored exactly opposite its respective counterpart. However, this is not the case in the vast majority of antique mirrors. 
For if the above test be repeated on such an item, the mirrored reflection would clearly not be accurate, and the pencils point would be off by as much as one cm in any direction. I share this information not in an attempt to show off accrued knowledge, but merely as a history lesson in order to give you an accurate understanding of the delicacy of the operation. In those days lots of items were inaccurate. There was no point in complaining, we just had to make do. As for my little plan; it was meticulous work, yet absolutely necessary. 
Confidently releasing the appropriate degree of glee, I realised everything was in place and all was set. As long as I didn’t mind the discomfort at the slightly quizzical angle my neck was forced to adopt, I was free to directly view the inner workings of my right ear. What I located on very close inspection after around thirty minutes was...nothing…absolutely nothing. The deepest recesses of my understanding were probed to their frontiers, no, still nothing. No amount of adjustment to my equipment or repeated viewing were ever going to change that fact either. 
“Well, what did you honestly expect to find? A troubled pixie posing for a photograph? One chatty gnome waving out at you, smiling? A shrunken goblin suffering from painful haemorrhoids? Think about it – you see the world as you are, not as it is,” the voice laughed.
“You horrible beast,” I blurted, as everything clicked into place. “What wild devil derives pleasure from wasting another’s precious time?” 
“Wouldn’t exactly call it pleasure, more bemusement,” it replied, “Though I suppose, purely as a testament to your endeavours, I should perhaps answer your previous questions to some extent. And I suppose no harm would come of it if you were to picture me as a loveable pixie or sprite, present in so much of your English folklore! I understand how it unnerves you humans to parley with something you are completely unable to quantify. Now in answer to your first question; my name is none other than Ian, Ian Peters.”
“For the love of God, you lying...” I started in total disbelief.
“Now, now Samuel. There’s really no call to get yourself all flustered. Don’t you know it’s very rude to take the lord’s name in vain? You sound suspiciously like an old washerwoman I once knew. First of all, you will find I never lie. My name for all intents and purposes is Ian Peters; at least it is for this incarnation. I chose it myself extremely carefully from billions. I happen to like it purely for my own reasons. It’s special to me in so many different ways, most you simply wouldn’t understand.” 
I didn’t believe for one minute this was its real name, eventually coming to reason that he’d chosen it as a not particularly subtle reflection on his true personality. Yes, in all probability he chose it in order to afford himself some measure of amusement, perhaps in the way the child in all of us likes to laugh at what we may regard as silly names or references. 
“Secondly, I’m not persecuting you, nor have any intention of doing so. That simply defeats the object of my being here. Furthermore, those concepts are foreign to me; I’m not a spiteful, malicious human you know! And before you go off wailing, clutching your head, screaming of demons, searching the world’s churches for an exorcist, I will share with you the absolute fact that you are not, I repeat NOT in the grips of madness.” 
“How can one possible believe that?” I said indignantly, “After all, here I am talking with an invisible man called Ian Peters!” 
“Because young man, I’d wager all the gold on earth that there are subtle differences, certain nuances between true mania and this...happening? However, if you think in all your worldly wisdom you can prove me wrong, then please feel at liberty to go downstairs and inform your parents of your grave concerns. What do you expect will come of you in that instance? The wisest doctors on your planet, accompanied by the latest research and drugs will not remove me from your presence until I’ve had leave to finish my work. Try not to worry your tiny little head too much either, as I will be with you for the smallest time possible. It helps neither you nor me to extend my stay for a moment longer than is absolutely necessary. Rest assured, you will not be harmed in any way by this familiarity.” 
I remember feeling only a little reassured by this knowledge. After all this creature was able to enter my very consciousness at will. Who knew exactly where its true intentions lay? Where did he come from? What did this intolerable situation say about physics, the nature of reality? As time dragged on Ian’s words concerning my fears appeared to ring true, though he apparently did not extend these professed good wishes towards no small number of other folk. 
One of Ian’s worst diatribes of this nature came totally out of the blue, not seven days later one windswept morning as I arrived at work at the office, late for the first time ever. I’d been harassed beyond all belief by weather and transport difficulties alike. As I quickly traversed the long corridor leading to the accounts office my eyes set upon the plump cleaning lady near the end of the passage. Drawing closer it became evident Miss Dowry’s rather ample person appeared to arrest progress somewhat. 
“Excuse me madam,” I said with the greatest of respect, “But could you please see your way clear to allowing me egress, as I’ve a rather pressing matter to attend to, and it really wouldn’t do to allow it to wait.” 
“Ooh, really my dear? Is that so? And exactly why would I wish to do a thing like that?” the friendly lady ventured coyly, obviously bargaining for a compliment of some description. Immediately Ian’s little voice piped up shrilly, “Because you’re incredibly, incredibly fat and grotesquely ugly to boot! Good God woman, just look at you!” Almost simultaneously I heard the dull sound of my own voice involuntarily echo these very same words. Please believe me; I wasn’t even consciously thinking these terrible sentiments. Nothing could have been further from my mind. 
Disgusted at being subjected to Ian’s cruel trickery to this disgraceful level, with no hesitation I loudly ejaculated a stern reprimand. “Stay out of my life you foul little guttersnipe!” This had the distinctive consequence of reducing the poor, undeserving wretch to a veritable wreck who sobbed uncontrollably in floods of tears. 
Try and forgive me if you can to some small degree, as due to my tender years I’d scarcely begun to comprehend the subtle intricacies involved in consoling a female in such desperate need. To my eternal shame I took off, stumbling, tripping, running blindly, dangerously. My eyes flitted wildly and my face burned a fiery bright crimson red. 
Even in my flight I was blessed by the continuously repeating insults of: “You freak! You freak!” and: “Quick, go back Sam, go back! Oh my God, she’s a right little porker!” Ian’s voice echoed over and over shrilly in my ear in another despicable, transparent and cowardly attempt to get me to repeat these coarse phrases at the already devastated lady. 
Seconds later found me locked firmly in the gentleman’s lavatories, brimming with anger, frustration, disgust and complete, total embarrassment. I found myself completely unable to move from said position, despite concerned entreaties by my colleagues for no less than two hours. Eventually I plucked up courage to leave by feigning illness, retiring to bed for the remainder of the day. During this time I hit upon the idea of compensating the poor lady in some small way by surreptitiously leaving gifts at no small expense. These included beautiful flower arrangements, expensive French chocolates (not the most appropriate of items) and vintage wine which I discovered she’d a penchant for in the past. Along with these offerings I’d leave brief notes, each more humble than the last, begging forgiveness for engaging her in such horrific travesties. 
I then employed the services of a trusted colleague whose honour was beyond question. He explained to her over many weeks that I was the extremely unfortunate victim of a peculiar mental condition, possessing me uncontrollably at the strangest of times. This terrible ailment’s recovery (the condition hadn’t been named yet considering it was so rare) wasn’t aided by the fact that I’d recently been subject to inordinate measures of stress during both work and domestic life. 
I understand he took great pains to state that during these episodes comments I found myself saying were on reflection the actual opposite to their true intended meaning. In fact I regarded her person with nothing but the height of respect, as did everyone else. 
Reliable sources informed me later that luckily this lady was blessed with the kindest of natures. Presents notwithstanding, she immediately accepted my apologies, seeing them at once for the genuine, heartfelt regrets they were. That left her with feelings of deep concern regarding my current welfare, often making discrete enquiries via my friend to this end. I never did pluck up enough courage to meet her in person though. I thought this for the best, considering Ian was so obviously now in full flow, not to mention that my conscience was still soundly prickled beyond all description. 
After this incident, even for months after the good Miss Dowry had left the companies service, I found myself purposely shunning that particular corridor, fancying it to be haunted, using weird and wonderful excuses to try to justify this odd behaviour. 
Later Elizabeth intimated it was this very event which helped bring a matter she’d been considering for some time to a firm conclusion. It appears she’d harboured secret yearnings to move into the nursing profession, where she felt her true designs on life could be suitably nurtured, allowed to flourish naturally, as everyone’s should.
Only very recently have I spoken with her in person since that fateful day of days, when she expressed with such fervour how much joy it had given her over the years to be able to help folk in distress and endeavour to foster some level of inspiration in them. 
Along with this change in profession came a husband, her true soul mate. I felt very happy for her, yet still held my head low at her thanks for her ‘conversion.’ Nearly fifty years later I was still unable to meet her gaze. 

Chapter 4

Wednesday tea time. Four thirty pm. I gazed out Edwards’s chamber window, unable to avoid gloomy sky stretching far into the distant horizon. ‘twas raining rather angrily out there in the great beyond I noted, gritting my teeth. Misty clouds covered adjacent valley tops, swathing our countryside with swirling portents of dark, depressing doom. 
‘Deary me,’ I muttered dismally, for soon it would all be upon us. Their unmistakable signal meant simply ‘give up - no more hope.’ Closer to home atop the steep hill opposite sat the great oak tree our family named Rufus after a great war general who possessed an uncommon valour, preferring to lead his troops from the front. Where once Rufus stood proud and potent, he now crouched naked and vulnerable. Battle had commenced later than usual, yet the start of a bitter winter campaign had already taken a heavy toll on the strapping fellow as it had done to his loyal soldiers whose torn brown jackets lined dark woods behind. 
Woodland creatures scurried to and fro, frantically picking up ammunition discarded by our heroic warrior as he valiantly fought on to the bitter end, when the relentless forces of darkness overwhelmed him once more. One hundred years he had fought. Doubtless he could do so again, but now he sat, quietly watching and waiting, silently forming battle tactics. All the while he gained strength and comfort in the knowledge that they still held the high ground, and when reinforcements arrived his mighty army could rise up once more, defending merry England and crushing all who dared stand in their way. 
On the battlefield before him other little helpers ever efficient and impersonal were attending to the wounded whose dry, lifeless corpses and rotting clothing were strewn carelessly about in the stiff breeze. A sneaky red jacketed spy, his scheming work at an end, made his way stealthily down the hill, using tired, blackened bracken as cover and disappeared back to his home far to the east. 
Back at our home, creating a sliced black shadow against white wooden railings rested a shabby, ladies cycle, groaning with countless years of misuse and neglect. Her once striking paintwork was flecked with pebbles of thick, rusty copper and her royal seat once fat with luxurious padding now lay crushed and compressed into a paper thin meld of densely packed dried sweat and worn leather. Beneath her bowed body her rounded feet buckled with a lifetime’s service of bearing thankless burden’s men three times her size would baulk at. That certainly explained those curious scraping sounds heard moments before. 
Three brisk knocks at the front interrupted my meandering thoughts. At our door there now stood an officer of the law. This exceptionally well fed fellow was occupied in a losing battle, hopelessly failing to stem floodwaters breaking out everywhere on his forehead, despite being armed with a handkerchief the size of a giants bath towel. Yes, just about the reddest faced and fattest one I’d ever seen. Rogues must have drawn lots to work on his beat. Father answered the call. I caught most of the conversation on my way downstairs. 
One Constable Bray remained very polite and almost apologetic as he breathlessly explained the trying circumstances of his visit. Old man Parson’s place way up on the hill had been attacked by mindless vandals every night for the past two weeks. The angry farmer reported rotten eggs thrown at his workshop, which had taken quite a pounding. Sheer force they’d hit with suggested launch via some sort of mechanical machine. 
Of course that wasn’t the whole tale. Annoying knocking disturbed the peace at ungodly hours, weird, disembodied voices screamed obscenities and expensive tools had been stolen or damaged. Not only that, someone had flooded his barns and left strange tracks all over the property. The friendly officer mentioned talking to Mr Dawson at the dairy before he left town. Apparently the man spoke highly of our family and father admitted they were lucky to have such decent people on their side. Had father seen any suspicious character’s lurking near the hill lately? Father confessed he knew nothing of it and the officer happily accepted his word immediately. 
Constable Bray said he was happy to go back to town and tick the right boxes, confirming Parson seemed a bit of an odd character and was partial to a tipple now and again. So who knows exactly what had gone on up there on the lonely moor? After much small talk of cut backs at the station and exactly what folk’s taxes were paying for the chatty man waddled off towards his dying cycle. 
“You watch out for yourselves sir and have a good evening. Lovely place by the by, very quiet, peaceful like. Best not tell the missus; she’d love to live way up here.” With that he was off, heading west towards town. I noticed he chose to push the worthless bicycle up the small gradient. 
Father obviously never gave the incident another moment’s thought, barely mentioning it at the dinner table, never even asking us two if we’d anything to do with it. I understood the mad general wouldn’t attack anyone other than me. Knowing someone who may have done though, I asked him at the first opportunity. 
“Nothing to do with me Sam,” he answered airily. 
“One can’t help wondering.”
“Well one can stop now can’t one?” 


Chapter 5

I suspect it was only four short weeks since Ian’s impromptu arrival. From time to time on a Saturday night I’d feel the need to drop by the local public house to sample some of the landlord’s new wares. I was very rarely drunk though. Normally I’d nurse a couple of ales for an hour or so, before retiring in time to catch the last, rather early bus home.
This occasion was different. I’d been thinking for some time about how to harmlessly drown Ian’s voice out, if only for a short time. I was entirely unused to such close companionship and was unsure I was ready for it. I’d had a most trying week. Ian had taken great delight in interrupting my train of thoughts during important meetings, with outbursts of: “Boring!” and: “What are you still doing here Sam? This work really doesn’t suit you. Are next month’s sales forecasts really that important?” 
This visit I intended to blot Ian out as best I could, if only for a single night. After the second pint Ian stopped his usual philosophical ramblings to a certain extent. As I triumphantly finished the third it seemed he was gone at last! I then spent a most enjoyable evening conversing with the regular barflies. You can wager we soundly put the world to rights many times over. 
To that end, substantial respect is warranted to a certain young fellow by the name of David Allcock. A profounder thinker I have never met. Yes, the rather unusual surname didn’t go unnoticed to any of us at the time! I wasn’t a hundred percent certain whether that honestly was his real name, a mere spelling mistake, or simply an idle boast! Surprisingly no one was particularly forthcoming on this matter and I was too polite to ask. 
Nevertheless, without any outside help Mr Allcock managed to solve the worlds growing food supply problems. He checked all necessary boxes, capping off all pertinent questions with exceptional flourish. Incredibly clever and more than a trifle strange. 
What was stranger was David was only able to perform such magnificent feats whilst drunk. To my mind it seemed alcohol had the opposite effect on his ability to reason than the majority of us, exponentially brightening up, rather than dulling his senses. My impressions of his conversational skills without drink could only truly be trying and diffuse. 
However, I promise you - No one could match him, no one. Sorry to labour the point here, I’m just trying to inform you as clearly as possible - The man could neither read nor write. Nor could he have learned either; not in a thousand lifetimes. Edward, keep a sharp look out for these people. Look after them in any way you can, afford them every luxury, as sometimes their brains are so completely full with information, there is very little space left to look after themselves. 
Essentially ‘David’s’ are born in to this world to transform lives, not just nudge them. God given talent is as much at home in the lowliest of backwaters as it is in the most blue blooded of aristocracy. Neither takes precedence as far as I’m concerned. All in all, everyone who knew him would heartily agree David was a true enigma. Sadly, due to the sheer reserve of beer consumed, to a man we all stupidly failed to note down any of the finer points of our truly perceptive conclusions. 
What was to prove even sadder was the gentleman in question was struck blind and dumb in an avoidable industrial accident, passing on shortly afterwards. My significant point here being: He shouldn’t have been in the building in the first place. Alas, as fate would have it, David made the critical decision at the last moment to help an old friend out for the day, instead of visiting his aging grandmother, where he planned dictating a series of groundbreaking books. David really was one of those extraordinary cases you’re lucky to hear about once or twice in a lifetime, when folk cry: ‘What if?’ May his youthful spirit rest in peace.  
So, picture it if you will, it was far later than normal when I stumbled out the establishment, with a confident, cheery smile and swagger to match. A full five hours had passed since Ian last spoke. Therefore I was now free to celebrate my victory and indulge in the pleasures of my own crapulence. Along with this my conscience had soared to hitherto unknown heights of ecstasy, when my transcendental mood was interrupted most despicably with the sounds “Hey! Hey! Guess who?” at maximum volume. “You’ve certainly enjoyed yourself tonight Sam and no mistake!” 
“There’s no call for that type of behaviour. You deliberately tried to deafen me there!” I snorted violently.
“Come, come young man! Forget that little joke! Besides, you haven’t tried to guess who it is yet. Quick, you only get three chances! Don’t dare waste them!”
“Alright!” I cried, “Let me see. Is it a terrible, annoying, fat, bloated, warty, despicable, hideously ugly toad, who possesses very little in the way of social skills and consideration for people’s feelings, probably due to the fact he wasn’t cared for enough by his parents whatever they were and the creature in question has developed a distinctive problem with body odour?” 
“Oh no, and you were so close!” came the quick judgement, “But, I’m very sorry to report your first guess was far too long and unnecessarily intricate, therefore you forfeit your last two chances.”
“It’s a big, big shame that,” I said sarcastically. 
“Yes, yes, isn’t it just,” Ian agreed enthusiastically. “Anyway, young fellow, I happily gave you five hours of peace just then and I have something rather important to ask. I need you to take me to a certain place, now, tonight. This very instant.” 
“I shall do no such thing. Listen very carefully. This is what is going to happen. I’m going home now to drink those three liquor miniatures I have stashed for special occasions. Whilst I realise now that my being drunk won’t stop your whining, me being asleep assuredly will.”
“But it’s only this once, I swear!” Ian pleaded. 
“I really don’t care. And don’t waste effort trying to persuade me otherwise.” Ian’s sorry pleadings gradually turned into blasting my eardrums with alternate versions of “Ssss...aaaaa...m,” and “Sam!” for the next ten minutes. 
“Why can’t you just go yourself, you’re perfectly capable?” I asked eventually.
“I can’t Sam, honestly. Not on this occasion. It wouldn’t be right,” came his strange reasoning. I remained resolute. My face turned alternate shades of deep purple, while my mood swiftly followed suit and grew blacker every second. Out of the peripherals of my vision, just across the deserted, dimly lit street, I noticed the large forms of two blackguards moving purposely towards me. These types obviously had evil designs on the meagre contents of my wallet. Ian’s vast over usage of my name was at its peak, so my entire face was set with such grim determination and fury that despite my lean, young frame the hapless pair quickly shrank back into the grimy, black shadows where they belonged, deciding to wait for an easier victim. 
The hour was now late, so all bus services had been long over for the night, therefore I faced a journey of six miles as the crow flies. Nearer home weather turned against me. A terribly cold wind howled eerily, whipping relentlessly at exposed skin. I almost reached our front garden when Ian’s incessant pleading stepped up a notch. 
“Please, Sam. It’s tonight only, I remembered, I know it, honestly, truly, I beg you.” This behaviour suddenly turned to an even lower fawning, finally culminating in a veritable explosion of uncontrollable sobbing of the most pitiable nature. Such a genuine outburst of emotions tore soundly at the very depths of my heart, successfully piercing my generous conscience. I relented. I had no choice to the contrary. Any decent person with but an inkling of compassion wouldn’t have hesitated to act in exactly the same manner. 
“Alright, I’ll do it. But be prepared to grant me a hefty favour in return for this kindness.” 
“You can be sure of it,” came the quick response. 
“So, exactly where do we go?”
“You know where Sam. You’ve been there before, only you’ve forgotten. Just head directly north at your front gate, you’ll see.”
“Yes, I think I do. You mean to have me walking around in the dark, through swampy woods and across muddy farmer’s fields whilst still under the influence of alcohol.”
“Things are rarely as bad as they first seem Sam. Besides, I draw your attention to the striking fullness of the moon tonight. What better night to be abroad adventuring?”
“Quite!” I mused, strangely feeling much calmer than before.
“Never fear, as always I’ll be here to see you don’t get yourself into mischief!” Ian confessed. “And quite right too,” I agreed. 
“Precisely! Enough of this idle banter, as amusing as it is. This trip is significant to me, so please march north.” Sanity, along with its good friend reason obviously slipped by me that night, so off I trotted; a voice in my head my only guide.
In the very early hours I was ready to give up. My tired body had been sorely abused and felt drained of physical energy, spirit and mental will power. Naturally thoughts turned towards nagging suspicions of a wild goose chase. I may well have been pointlessly dragged over devilishly high chasms packed with evil briar patches which deliberately tore through my thin clothes, leaving deep raking valleys that lit up horribly in flashes of the pale moon flitting through towering tree tops. 
In creepy shaded areas in between I stood trembling as I imagined many tiny footfalls in vegetation behind. Yes, faint resounding echoes of fresh leaves being turned over endlessly, the smallest of twigs breaking crisply and bands of unknown shadowy creatures sneaking cautiously through the forest litter, examining my footprints with the greatest of care. 
And as I tried placing these fears where they belonged, I tried in vain to avoid legions of crawling insects magically multiplying to plague levels with each passing yard. One crept daringly down the small of my spine, leaving me squirming in sheer horror. For one terrifying minute I dreamt I’d been indelibly marked by the fellow eager to provide his family a new home. Ian felt certain these particular areas were unable to be avoided, as they were key landmarks. 
So we swept onwards, slipping silently across darkened mystical meadows overflowing with strange glowing flowers, queerly shaped roots and intoxicating odours. Meandering mountain streams dressed with miniature dancing grasses hid bubbling secret entrances beneath precious carven rocks, and blackened onyx pebbles that winked temptingly lined their floor. Further still oozing mud banks sucked a foot up and reluctantly coughed out the other. 
Next I plunged through knee high brushwood, between countless primordial trees that creaked and moaned forbidden warnings in the ghostly darkness. We’d come too far now, that much I was certain of. So regardless of what may be to come we travelled onwards, all the while watched vigilantly by an infinitely curious moon. 
At random I was harried by strange whoops, hollers and piercing shrieks in the near and far distance, which I desperately hoped came from native fauna. I vividly recalled talk of a large exotic cat which had shrewdly escaped from a local menagerie. Armed with this lore, my nerves were taken that little bit further towards their limits. You can wager Ian’s blasé comments didn’t help either. “I heard they can sense prey at quite a distance you know.” 
Perhaps after ten miles Ian’s constant teasing died down a little. 
“Shush. Wait. Can you hear it?”
“Hear what? Anyway, it’s you that keeps making all the noise.”
“Sorry Sam. I keep forgetting how different we are. I’m talking about the hum. Anyway, its close.” 
From that moment my senses developed a curious edge and the air took on a decidedly sweeter scent. Now it shifted a little, becoming thinner, as if we’d just travelled over the highest mountains. Further on flora developed a shining, shimmering, fantastical hue, issuing an incredibly relaxing, contented sensation of happiness, deep peace and utmost tranquillity. The feeling was exquisite, unique and indescribably serene.
I shall try to describe the strange atmosphere. Imagine a tropical summer’s day. Sun beats down relentlessly on the tarmac, which gives off a heat haze. Vapour like glistening rises up slowly from the surface, gradually dissipating once it attains a certain height. That weird night this delicate haze engulfed the whole of each organism. Each plant was gently outlined with its natural colour heightened exponentially in contrast and with myriads of shades. 
Whilst the plants peculiar mist shone, portions constantly broke off, rising up and passing through branches. At a certain height all plants vapours eventually mixed together, but if you looked close enough at a certain point you could identify each individual vapour and trace it back to its owner. 
All plant life constantly gave off this light, ethereal mist. Curiously, it gave me no concern to note that my exposed body parts also emitted this extraordinary substance, which rose ever upwards. On this singular discovery, I vividly recall feeling this was exactly as things really were, and that all life as we currently know it was subject to this occurrence. My eyes had been opened then, giving the notion that despite all forms around me continuously dispelling this matter, there seemed to be an infinite supply constantly provided by an unfathomable source. 
“Come on Sam, stop dawdling! That’s long enough,” came a cheery voice, finally breaking the ancient spell. 
“Ian, do you see it? It’s simply beautiful,” I said wondrously. 
“Of course I can see it, I have eyes! Strictly speaking you shouldn’t have been allowed to. Hum, a future gift may buy my silence. Right, forward, march! Duck! I did warn you,” he chuckled as the top of my head brushed a low branch with a small thud. Thin slithers of soft, greened bark dove past my face, melting into the moist earth. 
“Wake up there! Stop dreaming and start walking! This is no time to start wondering. This is all your own doing. If you hadn’t seen fit to drink as much beer earlier, then you’d have been far more alert by now.”
“Yes, if you say so, then I suppose it must be true,” I lazily replied. 
“I told you before young man; sadly there isn’t quite enough time for such witty repartee,” Ian gently chided. There followed a further dreamlike voyage through a rapidly thickening wood, turning into a mad, muddy scramble over an extraordinarily steep grassy knoll. Over the other side sat two large, light ochre rocks, smothered with coloured lichen and exotic flowering plants. I fancied these silent sentries weren’t made of stone and could come alive at any time. However, they lay as deceivingly still as ever, despite repeated, random glances backwards. 
“I don’t think she’s going to be here after all,” Ian remarked to himself. We soon arrived at a point where trees grew closer together, creating a naturally leafed corridor, which was the only way forward. Reaching a dead end, acting under strict orders of unending pain and unimaginable torture, I pushed through metres of thick, solid brush. Luckily this opened into a narrow natural path, encompassed on all sides and above by dense, dripping foliage. 
Gone was the earlier sense of paranoia and growing tiredness. The only light provided came from an unknown source seemingly only a short distance ahead. Rather strangely I made my way forward with far more confidence than in the depths of the moonlit wood. I still have no explanation for this. 
Frustratingly, the pale, amber light never got any closer, and I lost all sense of time. Suddenly, with an enormous start I reached the source. Instantaneously the peculiar scene broadened out into a large clearing, containing a perfect circle of twelve extremely old beech trees. Inside this mysterious ring lay another of twelve tiny, iridescent mushrooms. 
At the foot of four of the fungus lay vague, oval impressions in the soft earth, approximately six inches in length. Tiny yellow flowers adorned the scene. The fourth oval looked new and had been smothered with rich brown dirt. It seemed dried out, dishevelled even by dappled moonlight cleverly lighting the inner circle. 
Standing low and dead centre of the circle was a small slab of rock propped up table like by three fatter ones, wound protectively with lichens and furry mosses. A tiny section of this was thinly scribed with five lines I took to be numerical or alphabetical text. They appeared to have been originally placed at a forty five degree angle pointing downwards. I had no way of knowing which was the correct way to read them, whether to start from the top or bottom, so could only conclude they were of no human design. 
At the base of the first tree I heard soft scratching above, catching small, glowing, orange eyes staring down from high up. They were at a very odd angle. No body became apparent, and they vanished in a startling flash. 
Around the heights of the other trees whirled hypnotic green phosphorescent orbs, glowing, buzzing and clicking serenely. Occasionally one would collide with the bark, explode in a stunning cascade of colour, then simultaneously reform on the other side, emerging unharmed. Their beautiful forms become revitalised and more excited by this curious behaviour. 
Sensing movement below my gaze was drawn naturally to the forest floor which was scattered with thin, velvety moss. This species favoured as many shades of green as you can imagine. It’s weird, rubbery texture felt spongier to touch. And then - it moved! Slowly but surely it crept - side to side, up and down. A true living carpet of colour!
I stood there gazing, examining, dreaming endless unanswerable questions, going over and over countless possibilities. Presently I was overcome with a distinct sentiment that I’d been politely requested to leave. 
For some reason instead of returning the way I came, I moved directly through the clearing, further into the dark woods. Instead of getting hopelessly lost (Ian had remained unusually silent throughout.) I quickly gained my bearings and as dawn slowly broke I found myself trudging over rough tracks of familiar fields, filled with recognizable sights and sounds. 
There was one short cut home I knew, but hadn’t used in a while. Turning into what was normally an empty field, I now discovered pre dawn mist had carefully concealed the large forms of a number of resting cattle. No matter I thought, striding confidently between them, intending to walk right through the middle of the herd. 
Almost immediately one rose up to face me. Usual universally recognised frantic hand gestures for warding off belligerent beasts had obviously lost their magic. Screaming wildly at the top of my voice had the opposite intended effect. The mighty bullock took these actions as a challenge for leadership, presumably because I’d had the sheer audacity to disturb his large harem. In an instant he took to its feet, propelling steaming clouds of defiance. Then the enraged animal furiously pawed dry mud beneath its powerful hooves. The combined effect successfully whipped up a whirling sandstorm that followed its master’s wishes, blurring my vision and creating an acrid, choking sensation in my mouth, along with highly suspicious smells. 
Instinctively I knew I had to act, bravely fleeing at top speed for the thin barb wire fence some twenty yards behind. If I could just reach this I could dive over to safety I thought foolishly, forgetting such a flimsy obstacle wouldn’t slow such a powerful beast. Near the boundary line I saw three of the chief’s black minions had scrambled to their feet, eager to join the fray. As I approached the point of no return, the animal slackened off its furious pace, considering its point well made. I couldn’t afford to take any further chances, quickly following the broken fence line west up the hill to safety. 
After a long diversion I reached home, managing to lift the latch and sneak upstairs without rousing suspicion from the slumbering household. Just before I drifted off to sleep in a state of exhaustion, I fancied I heard a hastily stifled lament from near the antique rocking chair in the corner of the chamber overlooking the countryside, then silence.
Eleven fifteen am that very same day, I awoke to the sound of Ian’s slightly jaded tones quietly whispering in my ear. 
“Sam. Wake up, we need to talk about last night.” 
“Ah, so ‘twas no dream then, my legs are still burning.” 
“You know full well it wasn’t,” Ian replied with a little more energy. 
“It is vital, of the utmost importance that you tell no one of last night.”
“Why? Surely it would be beyond the realms of all possibility for anyone to ever find such a place?”
“Yes, of course, but nevertheless you must promise me faithfully you’ll never speak of such things till I give you leave to do so. Understand it will do neither you nor your listener any good whatsoever to hear of these events.” 
“What may become of me if I were to speak out?” I asked, becoming slightly concerned.
“Nothing will become of you Sam. I’d have thought you’d have realised my soul was clean of such base human traits as retribution. And I do admit to being a little surprised at your concerns.” 
“Alright, I promise. You have my word.” 
“Thank you, Sam. I know you are not one to break the sanctity of a solemn pledge.”
“Ian, what was that place?” I inquired, becoming a tad bolder. After a long pause he sighed deeply. “Somewhere I’d heard tell of for centuries. An idea most beings I know had dismissed as idle talk, similar to what humans call folklore. A concept shall we say that once I realised what I had suspected for so long was true, gave me an equal quantity of dismay and joy.”
“So why was this particular place so special to you that you waited so long to find it?” I inquired. 
“I have seen it. It’s over now. Allow the matter to rest.” 
“Sorry,” I mumbled, surmising it wasn’t good form to press folk, especially in such trying emotional circumstances. 

Chapter 6

Following that bizarre night, I never heard a peep from Ian for a full week. I held suspicions that during that time and also when I slept Ian took leave of me, taking off to places; doing things I don’t even want to begin to imagine. Perhaps only Ian himself knows exactly what he got up to, not to mention any whys.
Settling down for the night safe in my chamber, I pondered the potential outcomes of these situations. I couldn’t help smiling, finding I genuinely missed his presence, even the peculiar resonance of his shrill, ringing voice which thoroughly enjoyed chirping up at the most inappropriate moments. As I finally admitted to myself that he really wasn’t such a bad spirit, he arrived back loudly, on fine form.
“Hey! Hey! Miss me did you? Now come on, don’t lie!” I didn’t think for a second that my lonely reminisces brought him to my side. Rather, knowing something of his nature, I deduced it was far more likely that he’d been waiting patiently to make his big entrance, in order to produce maximum effect. So I thought it best to indulge him. After all, experience has told me it nearly always pays to try and make the best of certain situations. 
“Ah, ‘tis you,” I commented lazily in an unsuccessful attempt at playing down his appearance. “How terribly embarrassing! You appear to have caught me praying for your safe return!” 
“Oh, very good!” Ian mused delightedly. “It seems at least a tiny number of my exceedingly knowledgeable teachings haven’t been in vain!”
“So where have you been?” 
“On a treacherous journey in the depths of the cosmos, far beyond the sun!” 
“Yes, how silly of me, where else?! A brief, boring and wholly uneventful holiday no doubt?”
“Not exactly, my good man. For needs must as the devil drives! For I am neither here nor there!” he stated soundly. 
“How do you honestly think you are ever going to endear yourself to anyone if you keep so shamelessly ripping off other people’s material?” I laughed. 
“I’d apologise in the most exquisite, deepest, most profound manner ever if I thought one day you may understand it Professor Johnson! Let’s just say I’ve been entertaining and leave it at that.”
“Ah! By entertaining I presume you mean mindlessly annoying innocent people?” I ventured. “Not necessarily. Nothing I do is mindless per se. Believe it or not; there is strict purpose to most, if not all my japes, even besides the humour factor that is often left afterwards. Though I do admit, that is sometimes one of the most rewarding bits! For instance, remember when you walked in front of that car? In the middle of town, market day?  The place was packed.” 
“When I walked in front of that car?!” I gasped, taken aback. “I do beg your pardon, but don’t you mean when you forced me to walk in front of it?” 
“It’s not in my nature to force you to do anything against your will Sam.” 
“Ah!” I said, slowly recalling the details with a little more clarity, “But you were engaged in subtly distracting me at the time weren’t you? What were you singing again?” 
“The cow jumped over the moon!” he giggled playfully. 
“That’s right, you were supremely confident it was possible to successfully rewrite any song or nursery rhyme you wished in a matter of minutes, and you’d prove it, or die trying! I really do wonder about you at times Ian.”
“Your memory really has reached the very pinnacle of perfection!” he agreed, letting out another of his infamous schoolboy chuckles, adding, “Though, I must confess to slipping up slightly on that one. After all, who in all of creation would be dim enough to even think to improve on such a literary classic?” 
“Exactly!” I heartily agreed. 
“And when you think about it, who was actually hurt in that situation?” 
“No one,” I answered thoughtfully. 
“Well,” Ian said sagely, (I noticed he always liked to say ‘well’ before putting my arguments soundly to rest. Presumably he considered this gave him a certain air of authority, hinting perhaps at his access to hidden knowledge.) “I think that more than proves my previous point.” 
“How?” 
“How?!” Ian asked in wonder. “Well, let’s ponder this again eh? Let’s put more than thirty seconds thought into this one shall we?” he mused. “Facts are as follows: For reasons that haven’t been adequately evaluated yet, Sam decides against all sensible advice to walk in front of a moving car. Said car stops, its tyres smoking, an inch from Sam’s waist. Sam and driver of said automobile both instinctively freeze. It is extremely difficult for any of the large number of onlookers to ascertain with any measure of certainty exactly whose face showed the greater degree of absolute, stark, blind terror and shock. Um. Sam or driver? I can’t quite decide!”  
“Stop!” I cried, visibly cringing. 
“Please, it’s very rude to interrupt, so  if you’ll just let me finish,” Ian said casually. “Equally uncertain is the origins of the suspicious stains which flowed down the front of Sam’s shirt and his sparkling new trousers!” 
“Be quiet!” I said sharply. “You know full well that was coffee!” 
“Yes, I do,” Ian admitted regretfully, “But the burning question of the day is did everyone else?” 
“When that poor driver fell out of his vehicle he was white and shaking! I honestly thought he was going to die right there on the spot. Was there really any need to embarrass us both in such a demeaning manner?” 
“Yes, I think there was,” he replied slowly, “I’ve watched that fellow for weeks. Not once did he ever show any consideration for any road user, not least pedestrians. Families frequent those avenues Sam. Families with small children who deserve a pain free future. I’m not suggesting that his style of driving automatically makes the gentleman some type of uncaring, evil monster. Nevertheless he was stuck in his own world, quite content to speed along, looking, yes, but not observing. I imagine he was far more concerned with work timetables, or something equally as trivial that he misguidedly imbued with far more importance. With respect to his speed,” Ian continued, not quite ready to conclude his lesson yet, “Although his vehicle wasn’t mechanically capable of exceeding thirty miles per hour, the resulting collision with bodily tissue would have been catastrophic. Agreed?” 
“Agreed.” 
“Need I continue further?” 
“No, I think I begin to see now.” 
“You, do?” 
“Yes.” And for once I did. “I do still feel a little sore concerning the coffee part of the incident though Ian.” 
“I would advise cream for that,” came his swift response. Because he was in such a gay mood I tried a quick question he’d always dodged before.
“So exactly what do you do when you leave me? All told you’re up to something rather more than sightseeing I’ll wager,” I probed, expecting the usual brush off. 
“Oh, a host of weird and wonderful things young man. I find it’s awfully good fun imagining your another being now and again, don’t you? How they speak, feel, think, cope with differing situations without my skills, it’s a true marvel. You can become anything you like as well, that’s the beauty of it. I’ve even imagined animals too. You know I once wondered what it would be like being a marble...” he admitted, most probably drifting off into a long daydream. 
“Ian, I believe you’ve some explaining to do,” I piped up, before he could begin another of his long lessons. “I really don’t know how you’ve got away with it for so long. You’ve deliberately been distracting me. Why didn’t you assist me that morning with the cows?” 
“Because you didn’t need my help,” he answered quickly, “And because I wasn’t there. So try not to worry your little head too much over the affair. After all, I suspect the cheeky little chap was just showing off.” 
“Just showing off! Ian, it meant to kill me! If I hadn’t turned tail and ran, that’s exactly what it would have done. And how the hell do you know what I’m talking about if you weren’t even there?” 
After much deep reflection he whispered, “So then, killer cows eh?! Have you ever heard of such a thing?” and giggled profusely. 
“It’s nice to know you’re taking all this seriously, and have my best interests at heart,” I mused. 
“Well, we’ve discussed this area before young man, and at length. Suffice to say, I have both eyes and ears, so doubt you were ever in any real danger. Need I say more?” 
“I don’t suppose there’s much point. I mean, if you’re intending to continue taking things I say with a large pinch of salt.” 
“That’s the spirit, my poor deluded, innocent young child!” he mocked. And that, it seemed was that.

Chapter 7

Just over two weeks later, March 15th. A calm, quiet Monday night. One of the fondest recollections I had of my childhood was playing chess with father in our living room. In this area I knew I needed to concentrate hard in order to be in with any chance of beating him. The wily trickster had the military strategy of my brother, with the cunning and survival instinct of an arctic fox. 
There I was just about to take fathers rook, when I glanced up at the carriage clock. Three thirty three. My eyes moved to the curtains, but more to the draught behind them. They parted slightly, revealing only darkness. Curious. Nevertheless, I made my play undaunted, proudly claiming the piece as my very own. I examined the gallant young knight closely, for ‘twas a magnificently detailed piece. If he were to be my unwilling prisoner, it would be prudent to get to know my captive a little better, then maybe his term of imprisonment and my role as jailor may go that little bit smoother. Most folk agree it’s sensible not to make enemies unless one has no other choice. 
But, what pray tell was this? Our family possessed two chess sets. One was a farthing set sold by street peddlers to the working class. The other was this grand design, whose pieces were carved from expensive boxwood and the board crafted in finest mahogany. Grandfather Phillips had been presented with this by European royalty for an act of selfless bravery. When he passed he left it to his two sons who took care of it six months of the year each. 
There had been talk of selling it when young Edward came along and money became really scarce, and I dare say it would have fetched a handsome sum. Luckily it never came to that, as life slowly improved soon after. Anyway, this was the one we were using at present. No matter. I carried on playing, allowing father to mull over his next turn. 
I rose to my feet, needing to check something. No small number of niggling feelings denied me rest. My eyes flicked to and fro restlessly. Our clock in front still read three thirty three. ‘twas working sure enough. The curtain blew open a smidgen more. Three thirty three and darkness outside? Why, when had we ever played a game of chess at three in the morning on a board that I knew was at the other end of the county with my uncle? Yet still I played. I looked at the clock once more, hearing the mechanism turning. Father spoke in the background. 
“Your move Sam.” But in a female voice. That second I awoke with an awfully frightening start. My heart took quite some time to settle. Phew, now that was strange. My watch read six am. All was black and still, though a tad chilly. I was just about to go back to sleep when roused by a suspicious rattling underneath the bed. Ian! I’d warned him. I dropped to my knees to check what needless disorder he’d caused, but all was neat and tidy. I dived back into bed in the depths of indolent stupor, carelessly knocking my watch off the drawer. It read three thirty three. How could a watch move backwards? 
I mulled this mystery over, not linking previous events in any way and fell asleep, for I’d been unusually weary recently. Next I was awakened by loud noises right outside our front door. This was Ian sure enough. It seemed his antics grew more childish each day. During the day was bad enough, yet he had no right to annoy me during sleep! Through the angry mist came the realisation Ian had left for the night. He had promised this earlier and he was much, but no liar. 
We were pretty isolated in the depths of rural Northumberland, so folks didn’t just turn up here unannounced in the middle of the night by pure accident. That left one more disturbing possibility - burglars! Not that we had much of value to steal, but how were those heartless characters supposed to know that? 
Outside thick early morning fog had rolled in, annoyingly obscuring vision of the front garden and our nocturnal visitors from upstairs. I quickly went round the rest of the rooms expecting to find the house in uproar, yet Edward and my parents were still sleeping soundly and they were far lighter sleepers than me. Even our beautiful, faithful dog Elsa was chasing rabbits in her slumber and couldn’t be wakened. 
I considered slipping downstairs to provide descriptions for the authorities, when the unholy turmoil abruptly ceased. I went back into my chamber to pick up a candle, noticing a bright light making its way round the side of the house. Aha! So that was their ghastly little plan – now they had made enough noise to raise the hounds of hell, they had established there were no occupants to be wary of. At least none that warranted further scrutiny. Folk who didn’t wake up after that rabble, why they’d hardly be likely to hear soft footfalls creeping amongst them. Yes, that was it – and round the back which looked onto endless fields no one would see them at their wicked work either! These heartless folk were cleverer than I gave them credit for. The insolent rogues had obviously been thinking things through. 
I glanced at my watch thinking it may serve to give an accurate timescale for the crime, three thirty three precisely. Maybe I could scare them off? My brain wasn’t working quickly enough through fright though, and when I got scared I made mistakes. I crept to the back window, nervously watching the light draw closer and closer. At the flimsy back door it swung back and forth as though drunk and weary. A lengthy pause, three solid knocks on the flimsy wood, our house shook nervously, then nothing more. There was no way I was going to answer the call. 
After a while I gained just enough courage to gaze tentatively over the windowsill. There was no one there, no one! Yet the light source remained shining with the power of two oil lanterns. Aha, perhaps I’d left a lamp outside earlier and here it was swinging in the breeze? I pondered this for a moment, remembering we’d recently run out of oil, when the light source turned off instantly. I awoke shivering, confused and alone. My watch now read seven am - time for work.
All these events were exceptionally vivid, seeming reality itself. Until that final moment I truly believed I’d woken each and every time without fail. Not surprisingly the morning of the sixteenth felt bizarre enough to take pride of place in my sparsely filled dream diary. 
While on my way to work that morning I caught tiny unidentifiable tracks or trails swirling round the muddy front garden, which eventually made off up the hill towards the woods. I was far too tired to follow them, and by that evening they’d vanished.
Ian returned early that night as promised. I gave him a full, babbling account, expecting a long complicated explanation for which I’d have been most grateful. Instead of his usual antics he simply said, “I’m so very pleased for you Sam, you experienced a set of false awakenings. Yah hoo. Written it down have we?  Quick, let’s telegram the king! No, even better, I’ll stand outside the house for the next three days dressed as a jester, and whoever passes I shall demand they bow down to you and pay patronage.” He knocked notes off my dresser, pretending to be searching for something. “Lay off cheese at night is my advice to you lard lad. Forcing that rotten stuff down your gullet can only lead to further weight gain. Isn’t that right chubby?”
“Oh,” I said, understanding the delicate situation better. “I see, someone’s in a huff because I pointed out a home truth to them yesterday eh? Ian, I apologise, but I must say you were being most bothersome at the time. Besides deliberately messing about with my personal items without express permission you insulted our prime minister, a person I truly admire. Turncoat was the expression.”
“Yes, well you would wouldn’t you, and he is isn’t he?” he snapped, leaving no chance to question him further. “I have a pressing appointment by the way Sam, but give my regards to your best friend David George at your next illicit rendezvous. If you love him so much, why don’t you marry him? Be careful though, he wets the bed profusely.” 
“Leave her alone, she needs a bloke, not a joke,” I shouted after him, deducing what he was up to, the sly little blighter. Ian had become preoccupied with a certain raven haired young girl. By preoccupied I really mean enamoured; he rarely did emotions by halves. What he hoped to gain out of such a one sided relationship is anyone’s guess. It wasn’t as if he could talk to her like he did to me. Perhaps he was homesick, we may never know.

Chapter 8

On the last Saturday of Ian’s third month it appeared he’d broken a promise for the first time. I had him swear resolutely when I agreed to take him on that moonlight trek, that he’d have to give me at least one day a week off. The day I’d chosen was Saturday. I’ve alluded as to the reasons for this earlier. Not only was Saturday my only day free from work, lately Edward’s barrage of warfare operations which stepped up a notch on weekends had ceased. 
Edward had discovered the existence of a hitherto unknown group of Homo sapiens called females, and was currently romantically involved with a sensible girl from school. On hearing this delightful news I decided it was prudent to stop reading his war journals. 
I remember enjoying the liberating freedom of an extremely entertaining dream, travelling over vast mountain ranges eerily lit with most peculiar shades of blue and green. Curious low humming noises emanated from everywhere at once. Beauty and scale of it all was truly staggering. As I approached luscious valleys nestled below, the striking scene was interrupted by a curious far off whispering, numerous exaggerated coughs and an annoying tapping, a rustling, then the sharp thud of a solid object colliding loudly with my dresser. I awoke instantly, feeling none too happy about it. “I’m not talking to you. You swore an oath,” I said angrily.
“An oath I think you’ll find which hasn’t been broken,” came the excitable return. 
“I can see, I have eyes. It’s half past eleven, Saturday night. Now please go away.” 
“Sam, it’s actually one half hour past twelve. What does that prove young man?” 
“It proves that you’ve tampered with honest peoples clocks. A shameful pastime and no mistake.” 
“It proves no such thing, my dear young fellow!” was his cheerful response. “It proves that you’ve forgotten to put your clock forward by one hour, as is the strange custom you English folk like to indulge in.” Of course, yet again, Ian was quite correct. 
“Right again, oh lord and master,” I grumbled. 
“Sam, don’t be so blasé about other’s feelings.” 
“Alright, but is there really any need to be so dreadfully loud about it? And at this time of the morning as well?” 
“I’m really so dreadfully sorry Sam.” I wasn’t quite awake enough to work out whether he was being sarcastic or not. “Who knows, perhaps there wasn’t. But I’m celebrating. I’m already well underway with my task.” 
“Oh, so you do actually have a task then? I mean besides driving me insane, keeping me awake, causing no end of trouble. Can’t you leave me in peace, to relax and dream just this once? Everyone is entitled to some privacy, surely?” 
“Soon Sam, I promise. And of course I have a task. Did you honestly believe I exist purely to keep you amused?” 
“Well if you really do have a mission, why not at least hint at the details?” 
“Shan’t!” 
“Why on earth not?” 
“Because you might tell!” 
“You really are nothing less than a little child!” 
“Not strictly true. For I’ve long since passed my five hundredth year. And besides, I don’t make all the decisions. I have literally thousands of intricate jobs to perform. No small number of these need to be performed simultaneously, with meticulous attention to detail. I have to think on my feet and maintain the finest of balances you know. Who knows, this could prove to be my finest hour. In the great scheme of things your case is the smallest of side quests. I simply found myself strangely drawn to your soul, and as I passed decided to tarry a while on a whim.” 
I sensed an unusual opportunity. “Strictly speaking, you’re not in charge then? You’ll forgive me if I say how much that idea gratifies me.” 
“Well, young Sam. Broadly speaking, in terms of my positioning relative to mankind, I am as near the boss as makes no difference. It should be painfully obvious by now I’m the cleverest being on this planet, bar none. However, as you well know I don’t like to boast!” 
“Yes, I noticed that.” 
“And the very notion of one creature being arbitrarily placed higher than another in importance makes my spirit turn slightly risible.” 
“Quite right too! But are you really five hundred years old?” 
“Of course, why would I lie? I do sometimes feel a little older. Certain forms, places, people, certain experiences seem to produce that curious effect. But of course, and I’m positive I’ve told you this far too many times before - the fact is that time is essentially an entirely human concept. It is constructed for humans, by humans, purely in order to satisfy their insatiable appetites for imposing order and structure on what they regard as a wild, untamed world. As far as me and my friends are concerned, time simply does not exist. Any notion to the contrary shows just how little you as a civilisation have progressed since your recent conception, despite marked evidence and blatant clues suggesting this be so.”
“I would be correct in inferring that you are not a subscriber to the works of good Charles Darwin then?” 
“Pah! Really Sam!” he snorted. “‘Good Charles Darwin?!’ It takes fractions of milliseconds to reject such a ridiculous theorem.” 
“Yes, I think I get the general idea now thanks,” I said, trying to draw the conversation towards other possible revelations. Ian was far cleverer than that though, so I considered it best to let him express himself as he saw fit. After all, he was clearly caught up in one of his long rants. Perhaps this was a speech he’d wanted to air with humans for quite some time? I also hoped that allowing him free reign may help me save up a little more sleep time in the future. 
“So, this successfully brings me to my next point of interest. How absurd, how blinkered, how single minded to intimate animals and humans alike share the same ancestry? He should have spent more time on research and deep philosophical thought, rather than concentrating on growing silly little beards. I haven’t actually read the book in question of course, but have been given the gist of it. Small minded Darwin does demonstrate a rather dull schoolboy form of reasoning for a minuscule percentage of time, though only vague smatterings of half truths are contained in his works.” 
“Ian, it has always been impressed upon me never to indulge in ridiculing folk just because they happen to have been born less intelligent than you.” 
“I am not ridiculing him. I’m just pointing out some fixed, basic, fundamental facts,” Ian replied indignantly, then set off raising countless other interesting points to bolster his revelation. Strangely many were questions I’d pondered on much since his arrival, when I’d been forced to concede our world was vastly different than I’d imagined. Ian confirmed there were millions of forms and substances existing all around us, always. Sometimes strange out of place scents were a clue. Like a dog may carry fleas these unseen inhabitants often brought other substances along with them. We rarely saw these beings because the human brain filtered them out in order to allow us to function normally without too many distractions. He called this effect ‘nature’s nanny.’ My eyes had been opened to the tiniest fraction of these events during our moonlit walk. On rare occasions certain people could catch brief glimpses of the world as it truly was via deep mediation, rare drugs or vivid dreams.
Dogs can literally see smells, lions can communicate outside our range of hearing and most other animals can see far more colours than humans such as infra red and ultra violet light. In many ways the universe made children of humans. Not only is the universe stranger than you imagine, it is also stranger than you can imagine.
Ian talked of the strange black mist caught out of the very corner of the eye, which vanishes when one looks directly at it and how sometimes personal items can be found in the very same place a person left them, minutes or years later. He advised me to work on my instincts more, especially when sometimes one can feel another person staring at them.
Ian swore Homo sapiens were not the product of natural evolution as the earth wasn’t old enough, but annoyingly refused to divulge anymore, because to hear and to understand were two entirely different things. For once he explained without being patronising, that if I was a rocket scientist and had to teach to a toddler how to create one, I’d have great difficulty.
“Thanks for sharing Ian,” I said cheekily. He warned me of his beautiful singing voice and claimed King George the Fifth had recently knighted him. Apparently the grumpy old man didn’t have much choice in the matter, because honours seemed to be given out for bringing the washing in or remembering your own name when drunk. So from now on I had to address him as Sir or face the consequences. I was then admonished for deliberately keeping him up all night, which was a frightfully wicked thing to do. He ignored the fact he’d told me he never slept when away from home. 
Seeing as he was being unusually forthcoming I asked him of God and the afterlife. He said there was a God as such, but the being was neither male or female, there were numerous beings which had an awful lot of work to do, considering humans were only a fraction of sentient beings in the universe. That was why there were a lot more gods than we imagined. Heaven as we deemed it did exist, but was a different experience for each soul. Like spirits tended to be drawn to like. In this way it would be possible to meet old friends and ancient ancestors, depending on their life choices and true spirit. The longer he talked the softer his voice became, till it was naught but a faint whisper. 
“I can see much of the future Sam. Humans are especially easy, it’s one of my gifts and I’m unchained by such ridiculous concepts as time. You worry about your father a lot, despite trying to hide it. His illness will pass. Save your energy as he’ll reach a century. You will exceed this by seven years as long as you follow my advice. Never lose your selflessness for one and never entertain foolish notions of wealth and power, that is not how your life works to your advantage. Your father’s long lifespan seems natural, whereas yours has been extended by my close presence at such a young age. A by product if you will.” 
It was then Ian gave me two signs to look out for way into the future to prove the truth of his statements. First was simple: A blue horse! Second - the arrival in early 1997 of a gaseous comet of colossal proportions that would storm across the sky. In my final year before I passed to the next life he promised to return with my parents as final proof. I solemnly promised not to divulge these events until then.
I wondered whether his predictions were wise. After all, surely there are strict reasons why man should never know his future? Wouldn’t Ian get into some sort of trouble for this? His guarded reply was vague and slightly suspicious.
“Sam, perhaps I should have been slightly stricter with myself. Yet whilst I have certain guidelines, I’m largely free to bring about a successful conclusion in any way I see fit. Even if these transgressions were to be uncovered, it’s unlikely I’d be admonished to any great degree.” 
“Perchance it is frowned upon?” 
“I fancy I may lose certain liberties, certain considerations for a time. Depending on the body who, or hopefully if they discover this, um, oversight, they may well choose to look kindly on me, with respect to the large body of work I’ve been deeply involved with in the past.” 
“You’re not supposed to be talking to me at all are you?” I said loudly, perhaps a little bit too triumphantly, especially considering how open he’d been over the past few hours. 
“I mean, besides that, you’re not even supposed to be here, on this planet, in this particular period!” 
“I have to admit, your deductions are quite correct. However, given agreeable circumstances and provided with the necessary arrangements, I think I could exonerate myself in due course!” he announced, quickly adding, “I’ve just remembered something, something really rather important. It’s truly desperate, it really can’t wait. We’ll have to leave it there for the present.” I was left only with, “See you later, Sherlock!” and other such low mutterings, including, “Time flies, the devil, idle hands, and other oft used clichés. 
Very early next morning at the rising of the sun, I was greeted at the breakfast table by the inquiring eyes of father, who carefully watched my slow, tired progress as I worked my way round the kitchen, eventually taking a seat.
“Sam,” he said slowly and suggestively, “Mother tells me she thought she heard you talking in the early hours. I heard nothing. As you well know sleeping is one of my favourite hobbies. I happen to be very good at it, your mother will attest to that in an instant. If you wish to take lessons from me, I will be most pleased to oblige. I was born a natural I believe. A fact that seems to cause your mother no end of consternation, I might add,” he said, chuckling conspiratorially. 
“Sorry Father, I was practising a rather important speech for work. I must confess I lost track of time.” 
“Oh, a speech eh?” he nodded slowly. “Well in that case, let’s say no more about it. The last thing I want written in my eulogy is any mention of me failing to help my son attain his ambitions!” he laughed, winking. I despised lying to him, but was faced with very little alternative. A strange silence swept over the room. Father glanced at me out of the very corner of his eye. He seemed to be giving a situation an awful lot of thought.
“You know my elder brother David once told me a rather revealing tale. I believe he was twenty five at the time and had the curious habit of knowing other peoples affairs, though he didn’t warrant a reputation as an eavesdropper. I must admit I couldn’t make head nor tail of it myself and have berated myself over the years for not thinking deeper on his words earlier. I can only think that at the time I couldn’t be truly sure he wasn’t joking, despite his telling habit of constantly repeating an amusing tale over the years, or being unable to keep his lips together at the end of it. 
David said: ‘I have not been sleeping very well these past few weeks, so yesterday I devised a fiendish plan to find out why. Telling myself I needed some bread, I sent myself up to old man Fordacres bakery. Whilst I was away I climbed into the loft and drilled a little hole through the ceiling above my bed, cleverly managing to clean all the mess up before I got back. The idea was that when I went to bed last night I would get into the attic and watch to see why I wasn’t sleeping. At about ten thirty I told myself to make a nice cup of tea and whilst I was doing this I sneaked into the loft and carefully positioned myself over the hole to watch for anything that happened on the bed below. Well I stayed there until nine am this morning and nothing happened. I did not even go to bed. I’m positive I didn’t fall asleep and miss myself retiring. When I got out of the loft and went downstairs, what do you know? There I was sitting having my breakfast. I didn’t say anything as I did not want to let anyone know that I was spying on myself. But I’m sure to catch myself tonight. I’m certain I must have gone out fishing or to an all night party, so this evening just before I go out to the toilet, I shall sneak outside and hide behind the wall and when I come out I will follow myself. Will keep you informed about what we both got up to.’ He never did though. I don’t quite know why. You know now the particular area that I am referring to Sam?” 
“I think so.”
“It’s nothing to be afraid of. Although at first it certainly takes some getting used to. Different people obviously have greatly differing talents. I couldn’t dream of attempting any of the feats David’s achieved, and vice versa. It’s all about relaxing he said, and when I think about it, he was absolutely right. The only real barrier seems to be yourself, your own thoughts and insecurities. These ideas come together in an attempt to muddle your brain which has been heavily conditioned over time by society. I’ve noticed that you never seem to get any further in your efforts unless you take your time to take in all surroundings and learn from them. There’s no need to rush. Why would you want to anyway? What would be the point of it all? Real excitement comes from savouring the moment and carefully planning your next move. I think you’ll agree it would be sheer folly to jump into the deepest part of the river if you were a weak swimmer. Call me incredibly patronizing, only it’s clearly far more sensible to stay in the shallows for the time being, at least till you build up a little more confidence and strength. Now, if you consider the case of...” 
At that point sounds of mother rising in the room above prior to descending the staircase silenced his thoughts. 
“We can discuss this further later. Don’t mention this to your mother. I hinted at it once when we first met. I honestly thought she was going to call the local priest there and then and beg him to perform an exorcism. Unfortunately some folk are like that. It seems to take a lot out of them mentally to accept the reality of the esoteric. All thoughts of such are locked away in a large chest and buried in the cellar, nearest Satan where they belong. I did try to explain to her I was only guilty of subtly influencing my dreams, but I fear that only made things worse.” 
Father left it at that, strangely never discussing it again. Curiously the situation never seemed quite right to broach the subject, though this enlightening tale was enough encouragement to continue my nocturnal studies. From that point on my weak dreaming skills slowly increased. Incidentally, not once before Ian’s arrival was I aware I possessed any personal skills in this area. 
Yes, I had dreams much the same as other folk, but they were bizarre in nature, uncontrollable, brief and unremarkable. Without doubt it was Ian’s presence that prompted these changes. Consequently, at length I was able to perfect distinct changes in certain dream states, on rare occasions almost at will. There was one particular recurring dream which eluded me, one which didn’t change, no matter how powerful the influence borne upon it. 
At times when I felt I was truly ready for it and attempted to will it into existence, it steadfastly refused to materialize, staying frustratingly out of reach at the very peripherals of my vision. When furthest from my mind, it would dissolve into being, taking divine precedence, super imposing its distracting, haunting presence over anything and everything. I knew I’d been there before many times, paradoxically even in my infancy, before the first bewildering visit. 
Each time I saw it slightly more distinct than the last. After fifty years, rather foolishly I feel I now know the real reason why. We are not and cannot ever hope to be masters of all we survey, no matter how accomplished we become or how deeply we dare to dream. There lie situations which for very good reasons are far beyond man’s corrupting influence. I guessed father knew these places. He knew them very well. He knew their true purpose. I feel confident I now know this too. 

Chapter 9

May the 2nd. I was currently in my bed chamber, enjoying this early summer evening. Lying pondering a great number of theories about life, Ian, the future, I was overcome with the most extraordinarily compelling urge to open the bedside drawer. 
By now I’d become a tad more used to these feelings, so carried out their wishes almost automatically. It could have been a particularly ugly spider, a lump of smelly horse manure, or any number of other unmentionables playful Ian had left in that drawer, but on this occasion the scrawled message in there went a bit like this: 
‘About time you rose from your sweaty little mud pit. Lying and wondering without proper purpose never got anyone anywhere. Just forget all that foolishness and get up to old man Parsons Farm right now. It’s happening again. Terrible things are forming up here. Dirty work is afoot.’ 
I guessed Ian had some terribly poor joke lined up, but if I hadn’t investigated he may have kept me awake later reciting annoying poems. So rather reluctantly I rushed up there.
Old man Parsons Farm is still exactly as it was then - a set of four out buildings, with a small cottage sat in the middle, surrounded at the back by a circle of wandering beech trees. Large tracts of cultivated land lie either side and a beautiful sparkling stream winds its way lazily across the front of the property, replete with tiny bridge. Customary country turnstile and timber gate sit just across the brook. First signs of sunset reflected in the water as I arrived, completing a truly striking scene. 
As I reached the gate our local doctor burst out the cottage door, striding down the long, wet track. His face burnt angry red. Best not to repeat most of what he said under his breath. Kinder lines were: “Hypocritical fool. Oaf. Philistine. Who the hell do these people think they are? Been to medical school have they? This is the modern world, not the dark ages.” 
He rushed headlong through the beck, making off down the muddy lane, muttering continuously. Such was the height of his dismay, he looked straight thorough me. Having borne witness to such a display from a normally kind and patient gentleman, I gingerly made my way up the path checking for movement, as Parsons was not known for his kind temperament. An omniscient presentiment filled my thoughts, and I experienced that strange sinking, helpless feeling one gets when they are about to be involved in an accident, but have no way of preventing it. 
Foreign smells wafted past the farm gate; terribly thick, nauseous odours that turned the stomach and watered eyes. Overgrown grass banks and nettle strewn hedgerows wandering at the sides of the muddy farm track scarcely hid a variety of rusty equipment. Many different tools used in as many differing trades were tossed idly to one side, amidst countless empty sacks sticky with a queer brown residue. Larger blades of grass were swept in one direction - upwards towards the property. In the dried mud further ahead waited small, alien tracks leading towards the cottage, conducting their own merry little dance behind outbuildings. 
Drawing closer it became obvious the heartless vandals I’d heard about earlier had been back, leaving numerous pits in the barn’s shoddy paintwork. Cracked stones of varying sizes lay in messy heaps against walls, dried egg stains splattered doors and large deep scratches were worn viciously into the doorframe of Parson’s beleaguered cottage. 
Now his cottage had become a veritable playground for wild animals of all shapes and sizes. Her antique roof had long given up any hope of recovery. Missing tiles, oddly matched with coloured and cracked ones somewhat resembled a gigantic draughts board. The world’s crows were happily nesting around her heavily leaking gutters. Under the eaves they loudly taught their young to deposit toilet over a wide area below, creating dangerously thick pools of creamy white gloop where one could slip, cracking their skull on dirty, uneven cobbles. 
Further down stone work was weather beaten, worn, cracked and chipped, and all trace of mortar had been forced out the joints.
A decade’s worth of thick spider’s webs smothered the glass of the petite lattice windows both inside and out, which had been cruelly dulled by years of accumulated heat, dust and long congealed grime. Ancient paintwork was home to dry rot and the tell tale swirling borings of voracious woodworm. Holes the size of golf balls littered the ground base of the neglected cellar structure sitting crumbling below. Being a farmer Parsons was a busy man, yet I couldn’t help questioning why he’d let the place get into such a sorry state. One should always consider their home a capital investment. 
“Christ, this smell’s worse than cattle’s business. Right young man. About time too. There’s a large scrap of paper in your top pocket. Quickly, there’s not much time. Take it out, spread it out flat near the cellar. Quickly, make haste.” 
“Alright, I’m doing it aren’t I? What’s the point of keeping reminding me to do things when I’m doing my level best?” 
“Your best isn’t good enough then is it?” Ian chided. “Take the paper, fold it there, here and here. Now put this marking on the tail, no, not like that, like this. I’ve told you before, do it properly or not at all. Put the effort in will you, we’re nearly there. That’s all you need. Tsk, right good. Now do it.”
“I’m not sure that’s the best thing to do, considering the circumstances Ian.” 
I sank to my knees, peering through the cellars cracked, darkened glass at the trembling form of old man Parsons sitting on a large shaky piece of firewood. His great bulbous head was buried deep into unfeasibly large and hairy hands. Even more disturbing was the fact that on the dusty floor in very easy reach lay a shotgun and an old starting pistol. The disturbed man sighed and his hands shook in unison. As he trembled he breathed in far more deeply each time, much as one may do after a particularly upsetting accident, or when one learns of a loved one’s death and is attempting in vain to stifle the overwhelmingly horrific cry of pain that rises up in all of us in our darkest hours. 
“Good God, there’s no way I’m throwing a paper plane at him; he’s at death’s door!” I cried.
“Just do it, or I will. I didn’t bring you up here for you to bail out at the final second, you pathetic loser!” A dying candle stood spluttering weakly to the side on a makeshift wooden shelf to the man’s right. Then I did it. I’m still ashamed. There was no excuse, none. 
It hit hard squarely on the back of the man’s skull, exactly where I predicted. Parsons rose to his feet in a pique of anger. Luckily due to the condition of the window, along with the looming dusk, Parsons was unable to catch a glimpse of me. After a time it seemed he’d come to the bizarre opinion that the plane had come from nowhere. 
Gathering his wits he examined the invention closely, paying particular attention to the mark I’d put on the tail earlier. There was a frown, a small hint of recognition, then he opened it out flat, starting backwards quickly. When I launched it there was nothing written on that paper, nothing. However, Mr Parsons was reading it sure enough - He saw it clear as day. 
The farmer slowly made his way upstairs to the front room, bathed in peaceful flickering light thrown from the fireplace. I watched intrigued, silent and puzzled from deep inside misshapen shadows in the eaves. As the creeping fear from earlier subsided, so did the incessant chirping from our feathered friends resting above. And as the strain of late twilight gave way to the still blackness of night, prying, whiskered noses poked out of dusty, crumbling cavities at my feet, retreating when they perceived the scent of a silent stranger.
The fire roared up again unexpectedly into a blind rage. Huge trails of red hot flame bellowed up the flue relentlessly, viciously attacking warped metal and long dead timber with a furious vengeance. Under the unwavering gaze of this hellish inferno Parsons crumpled said paper into a tight little ball, put it on the disorderly mantelpiece amongst other tat and walked to the window. A minute later he picked it up again, reading a little more. At one point he almost threw it onto the crackling, welcoming flames, thought better of it, dropped it, picked it up yet again, then sat down on a chair, got up, read a bit more, looked worried and sat down on the chair again far more heavily. 
Parsons rose once more, paced the floor to and fro, ranted, raved, swore, then finally gave up, stroked his chin, then laid flat out in the chair staring at absolutely nothing for an awfully long time. All the while the fire blazed wildly. The thick set man then came to with a start, placed the offending note in his top pocket and made his way up the heavy wooden steps. Each dusty step he took saw the unnatural blaze dying down that touch more. There quickly followed deep, rumbling snores reverberating throughout the quiet yard. Flabbergasted at such puzzling sights, I shivered uncontrollably in the growing cold. 
“What the hell was that about!? What was on that paper? Don’t dare tell me that was one of your childish jokes...” 
“It most certainly was not young man,” Ian announced gravely.
“Our facts are simple Sam. Parsons is a damn fool. Sam, the man’s an inventor, and an extremely talented one at that. I told him I knew all about what he’s been working on in the past. How much work, how much thought had went into his idea. How much labour was still left before it would be ready, around eighteen months. Eighteen months to do it properly, properly or not at all, for he knows that no one in their right mind is going to pay him the kind of money and respect that he expects unless he finishes it properly. I told him how not only will it make him rich, more content, but more importantly sick people would benefit enormously from it. In a nutshell this would give him the fulfilment that he craved, though refused to admit to himself.” 
“None of his family or friends can do what he can do, and he knows it. No one but him. And he knows this. Folk may not think much of him by the way he treats them. You know the kind of charmless, unsavoury character he portrays in public. I gave him a damn good talking to, and about time too.” 
“Tom is desperately unhappy with his lot in life. But instead of getting off his fat, lazy bum and doing something about it like most reasonable people, oh, no, that’s too good for him, people should respect him. Respect? For what?  How the hell he thinks he has the right to demand respect from folk when he gives none? Pathetic. Respect is earned, not given away.” 
“This fellow blames everyone except himself for his loneliness, sloth, intemperance and impertinence. He makes the choices to continue doing these things every day. And at the end of the day, it’s him alone that can make the changes. Tom knows full well why his life isn’t going the way he wants it to, yet still refuses to change his damaging lifestyle. That obstinate prig is deliberately holding himself back, like a huffy little schoolboy.” 
“Sam I gave the man an ultimatum: either change your life today or forget about ever being happy and living the life you want. This is your final warning, your only chance - Make sure to grasp it firmly. I promise - You won’t get another.”
Such unexpected revelations were truly shocking. Old man Parsons a gifted inventor, who’d have thought? He seemed a drunken waster by all standards. Still, as years slipped by quicker and quicker, the public became more and more open about these things, which opened my eyes to other possibilities. Then I began to realise the extent of this particular problem in other folk: i.e. the frailties of the human psyche, the terrors inside us all that need to be confronted and destroyed, the horrors of addiction, and the enduring strength of the human spirit. 

Chapter 10

The 5th of June was a perfectly normal early Saturday morning, considering. Our household had been invited to uncle’s for the weekend and weren’t due back till Monday morning. I declined to join them. The reason? Work. Ian had graciously left me to my own devices on Friday, near twelve midnight after a few choice words concerning misbehaviour – saying the wizard was watching. He saw fit to return a minute later to leave a rude story, insisting on calling it a parable. I made him well aware I wasn’t interested in hearing it if it involved bodily functions. It turned out to be exactly that, concerning some silly teenagers who’d forgotten a change of trousers on a terrifying journey through a deep, dark wood. I had little choice than to listen and feign interest.
“Oh, sorry Sam, you’re looking a little disappointed, have you heard it already? I believe you can sympathise with these young gentlemen can’t you? Having a bad habit of pooing oneself at the first hint of trouble is hardly going to further your precious, pointless career any is it? Here endeth the lesson,” Ian said, letting out self satisfied sighs of utter contentment. “Now, wait one minute while I lean my precious head on your useless desk for a bit. Sam, please count to five with me whilst I do so, it’s very important.” 
“I will do no such thing. ‘tis childish and unnecessary.” 
“You must, you must, it’s essential for the piece.” Wood knocked a weird tune, a passing mention of ‘Spoilsport,’ followed, then peals of infectious laughter rang out. 
Cascades of paper balls and my prized pencil collection shot out the desk, ending up against the far wall amidst showers of beautiful sparks. To be fair it looked rather good, but I wasn’t going to admit it. 
“Just as I thought Ian, all totally unnecessary.” 
Coming from the cleverest being on the planet, he sure could be boring I whispered. 
“Heard that!” he hissed accusingly, before finally leaving. I waited for his inevitable return and the usual pretence of forgetting something when my wardrobe doors rattled annoyingly. That was one of the few constants concerning his behaviour; the irrational need to do things in threes. We are told even today events both good and bad always seem to appear in sets of threes. I don’t necessarily agree with this conjecture myself, but Ian did, weirdly arguing it was him who came up with the idea in the first place years before he was even born!
This time was different though, and Ian didn’t return. Instead I promptly fell fast asleep, or thought I did. ‘twas an unnatural sleep beset with queer randomness, uncontrollable visions, and disturbing scenes of death and destruction. This negativity faded when I thought of what Ian may have made of such an uncanny experience. 
Then I flitted back to familiar territory through ancient woods to the local rock pool I’d seen many times in waking. Her solid granite face loomed vast and ancient. Off to the left peaty ground fell away suddenly, leaving a wide decaying void, devoid of life and sunshine. For hundreds of years the other side had been left to nature, wild and untamed, a feeling travelling the full length of the forest. 
Behind me a gentle waterfall of lightly hued spray fell off the tip of a steep ledge, fed from luscious green meadows high above. Just out of reach of the beautiful mist below lay a long, rectangular rock, six feet in length, flattened out somewhat and dripping with thick, green fungus. Each edge boasted a single round impression in the rock to a depth of two inches. Although the slab looked wet and squishy from a distance, closer up I convinced myself it was supremely comfortable, dry and inviting. What harm could come of it? The notion became clearer the more I thought it through. I’d never done this before and never heard of anyone falling asleep inside a dream. 
I pondered a while longer, becoming increasingly more attracted to the idea. After far too much needless dawdling, I finally gave in to the intensely soothing sensation, so keenly feeling the desire to lay down to relax. Indeed respite was necessary from previous troubles for a short while. The rest of this vision could wait. There was no rush. As soon as I laid my head on the emerald bed, finest eiderdown pressed soothingly around my body, moulding perfectly around the skin. Soft silky sheets shrouded me, gliding smoothly and silently from their beds below. 
Sweet, narcotic perfume hung heavy in the atmosphere, assuaging higher reasoning, and there I lay, cocooned in a heavenly sentiment of complete safety and divine protection. Soon I imagined I was floating above them, yet part of them. Warmest, calmest sensations ever conceived rose softly from my toes up to my crown. When they glided upwards each portion caressed became supremely relaxed, till it finally reached my eyes. 
I faintly recall my eyelids being pulled together in concert with such tender care, and delicate sensations of falling without fear. My dream world fell away in slow motion, dissolving inwards. Colours, sensations and sounds broke up, everything moved towards a calm, tranquil oneness, a greyish, inky blackness, ultimately reaching complete unbroken stillness. 
I awoke truly believing I was safe at home at the start of another ordinary day. Through the thick darkness a pin prick of light flashed momentarily, then blinked out. Another appeared in exactly the same spot. It didn’t warrant further examination as I was still very tired. Now a third flashed. I tried sitting upright to explore the mystery, but was unable to move. Where was I? What was that appalling smell? What the hell was going on? I became dizzy, confused, sweaty, nauseous and extremely anxious. I swore copiously before trying to calm down and think. 
What remained of my vision remained blinkered and dulled. I blinked continuously many times, thinking much as a piece of metal may short an electrical circuit, so may we escape an unwanted nightmare. Alas I didn’t wake, but my vision did slowly clear and started to get used to the brightening light now hovering silently above. 
I was lying on a large slab of rock, though it appeared my physical body wasn’t in contact with it. All I could make out were two long, thin tubular shapes, one at either side of my head, and two at the foot of the rock, fading in and out of focus through swirling mist. Candles! Once, when I focused for a painfully long period I ventured beyond their straight lines, finding cold hard stone reflecting back. Why had the situation changed so drastically? I had no control here. I tried to move again, nothing. This was useless. There was something dreadfully wrong, but I knew not what. 
I needed to take in my surroundings more if only for sanities sake, yet still couldn’t move. I was hopelessly trapped in some sort of cave. In a terrifying instant my mind went numb. For how long I cannot say. A strong sense of melancholia swept over. I started to remember. I remembered fragments, small details. I tried to picture in my mind the sequence of events leading up to this dreadful situation, yet could not. The only thing left was meditation, so this I did. 
For hours, days or years I toiled, till at long last I recalled a most singular lesson learned on earth. There was no such thing as time. Time itself, past present and future was but an illusion, so all were one, and so I continued long on this concept till the light grew dimmer and memories brighter. My invisible shackles loosened somewhat. 
I remembered friends, acquaintances, good and bad, delightful walks in the countryside with family - mud, snow, sunshine, laughter, tears. A few black spots grew here and there, memories and situations that were jumpy and jerky, less detailed, like the grainy black and white pictures of the cinema, or the hollow recollections of a bad dream as they fade with the morning light. 
It was with some relief it dawned these darker collections seemed to consist of only bad memories. I believed they had been marked as such from when they first came into being and were eventually going to be erased altogether. 
I thought back carefully over my life, still unable to restore any form of chronological order. Stark significance and blind fun seemed inexplicably intertwined. One bright memory kept recurring. I remembered my one and only dog, Elsie. Twenty years old when she passed. Could never bear to find another. I fondly remembered her wet, investigating nose hunting out forbidden snacks in the kitchen. With great delight I recalled her fake expressions of guilt as she tried desperately to change the subject when her villainous treachery was discovered. 
I pictured us out walking together, how reaching a certain point in the woods she’d always race down the steep slope heading to the stream near the graceful waterfall. For five minutes she’d bark crazily, following unspoken commands from invisible creatures. There she returned to her childhood, blissfully playing with unseen friends. Magnetic qualities in the rocks and odorous plants that had curious effects on the canine brain were some of the theories put forward to explain this behaviour. An elderly doctor of note, then in his late nineties was the only one brave or eccentric enough to venture another possibility. I pictured his round, ruddy face, youthful, sparkling eyes and his playful grin. 
“You be careful up there young man. Those water sprites can be a little mischievous at times. I should know, I visited them a long time ago, when I were young. Cheeky little buggers! It’s not always them thats the trouble either, it’s the darker creatures their singing attracts. Any farmer worth his salt ul tell yu it ain’t just foxes that’s attracted to rabbits squeals. Careful lad, you may go up there one day and never come back!”
That must have been it! Elsie could interact with them safely whilst awake, but I’d entered their domain in spirit form, giving them far more control. The mischievous creatures were probably making fun of me for their own amusement. How long they intended to keep me I had no way of knowing. My future wasn’t on such a forsaken plane, so I’d have to escape. My bonds loosened a little more.
How the idea first occurred, how it came into being I cannot say, but it refused to be quieted. Facts flooded forth. Distinct recollections of youth and my entire life as an adult were becoming more intense, moving as vivid images in unison with the light above as it grew brighter and brighter. Everything I’d ever done, said, dreamt, everything I was ever going to do down to the tiniest detail. ‘twas uncannily as if my life itself had already taken place; I had already lived it and this was my final judgement. But this could not be - I was only twenty years old. Ian had foretold when I would pass from this world. Nevertheless, it appeared in this unknown place usual rules did not apply. 
This startling revelation accepted, a spectacular streak of argon electricity blazed downwards, barely missing my head, accompanied by unnerving, rasping cackles. Bright light flickered then faded, leaving the cave lit dimly with an odd red glow exuding from the walls. Four candles burst into life, adding a flickering orange glow to the tightly wound cavern. Instantly the ties that bound were severed. 
Then I knew what was wrong. My body sparkled weirdly and seemed vaguely out of focus. I made to pick up a candle and watched my hand pass straight through. This didn’t bode well, but at least my spirit was free. It was utterly ridiculous at first. Trying to walk in this state was completely impossible. Finally I reasoned movement could only be achieved via the spirit. I had to learn to plan three moves well in advance. 
Oh the terror as I attempted my first simple movement forward. Oh the fear as I pictured my head crashing relentlessly into rock. Oh the joy as I finally abandoned all efforts at decorum, allowing myself to drift aimlessly, at peace at last. Oh the relief, the overwhelming, indescribable bliss realising, yes it was possible to dive through rock without sustaining injury. No limits were apparent, yet. 
As delightful as this child’s play was I vividly recalled the reasons why this behaviour was possible. Acrobatics aside, there really was only one way out and that was forward. 
The shape I had taken for a reflective piece of shiny rock earlier was revealed as a metallic plaque inset into the surface, bearing words passing for Latin. My translation was a weak: ‘Bye ye wisdome shalle ye knowe me.’ One to mull over later, escape being the priority just then.
Penetration further than a few metres into rock proved impossible. Despite coming across interesting fossils sealed up in the core, movement seemed to be using up precious energy. Finally I plunged forward through the plaque. 
A brief moment of ecstasy overtook me. Flickering red, yellow and orange vapour swirled everywhere. Shapes vaguely familiar and others not of this world slipped closer and closer, all still amidst a twisting, turning, snaking mass. Six that morphed were highlighted brighter, watching, trying to figure out who or what I was, what my next move may be and whether I be classed a threat. One bolder fellow flew up to the bridge of my nose, staying a while. His tail fizzed intensely with arcing jolts of energy like trying to burn my features into his memory. The scout returned to its group when all commenced their unnerving behaviour just as before. 
Then the scene lit up in blinding violent flashes. In a fraction of a second the world transformed into one only a little more familiar. So, was I free? Oh? And what was this? A small, stout man, generous of figure sat waiting on a log only a short hop away. He looked like a garden gnome, though I’d swear he wore a mask. In the background lay a small white path leading onwards towards a rolling green hillside. Deciding he was merely another non sequential image imprinted randomly in a fantastical dream, I tried floating past when he said with an air of authority. 
“Took your time didn’t you.” 
“Who are you Sir?” 
“Tsk, they’re getting younger and younger,” he remarked to himself. 
“Well what are you then?” 
“First things first lad. I operate strictly on a need to know basis and you don’t need to know,” he replied slowly, eye balling me with playful authority. After allowing me to process this fact he followed with, “I’m here to make sure the wrong folk don’t get past.”
“Wrong folk?” 
“That’s right, your floppy ears didn’t deceive you, they heard me quite correctly the first time,” he answered bluntly, barely concealing a wry smile.
“Yes.” 
“Then why did you feel the need to ask twice?”
“I really don’t know.”
“Do too,” he said, furrowing his brow. His bushy eyebrows moved skywards, and he delighted in taking more interest in what I perceived to be an increasingly odd conversation. 
“Er, right. What, where is this place?”
“You don’t know!?”
“Alright. I admit it. I don’t know what I’m doing here, nor what if anything I’m supposed to be doing.”
“You’re looking for something,” he prompted, rolling his eyeballs. 
“Am I?”
“Yes.” 
“Er, like what exactly?” At this point he stood up, gazing deep into my eyes. Before I had the chance to react the cheeky little creature brushed his grubby finger lightly in the middle of my forehead saying, “I can tell this hasn’t been thought through properly.” Then without a word of apology for such rudeness said, “Something very important to you. An article that was taken from you against your wishes. An item that was dear to your heart, that will leave you unfulfilled until it’s safely back in your custody. Feel free to jump in at any time or we’ll be here all day.”
“Oh, yes, I remember now, you are quite correct.” I said, pretending to understand the situation, “How did you know?”
“Aren’t they all,” he said, reverting back to a bored drawl.
Then before I could quiz him further a faded recollection brought with it the raging flood of many dreams past.
“I know you don’t I? Sorry, I don’t know you of course,” I blustered, “I mean I’ve seen you somewhere before. Yes...you were burying something.”
“Hardly,” he replied firmly to the former, looking far across the landscape. 
“I think not,” was his firmer response to the latter, shaking his head from side to side.
“Sorry,” I said, realising how fortunate I’d been thus far. Things weren’t quite as simple as I’d imagined they may be safe in my bed chamber. Luck, I recognised by past experience was something that rarely came in pairs. Best not push it too vigorously, lest it sprung back. 
“Go on then. Far be it from me to keep you,” he said, waving me past dismissively. With that he plonked back down heavily, picked up a silver chalice, whet his lips, then froze instantly, stone cold and lifeless. Some watchman that I figured. 
I floated off following a tiny greying path of stone over the hill. Stretching up to the purple horizon wobbled a hundred crimson suns, burning brightly with welcoming flames. Further still sat a thousand crescent moons pulsing and dancing rhythmically, lighting the background with a peculiar colours. On either side of the path grew strangely bendy trees, swaying and pulsing in an invisible breeze. I boldly struck out between them, wondering what lay hidden within. 
Not a soul was in sight to break the dull monotony. Soon I realised the same trees were repeated over shorter intervals. Scenery looked real enough, yet there was no moisture to be found in the ground, no difference in foliage colour and no new growth visible either. Eventually I found myself on the opposite side of the path at exactly the same place, leaving no choice than to continue onwards. 
In order to effect an escape from this weird place I’d have to put a great deal more thought in. So I floated onwards up the white path far over the hills beyond, till under the gaze of a crimson sun I chanced upon a hefty ornate door beset with marvellous tales from other worlds.
I was stuck, marooned in a vague, empty nothingness, therefore I grasped at the solid handle, revealing a deep blankness stretching off into infinity. Without warning a whirling mass burst forth. Millions of tiny particles of blue energy built over billions of lifetimes swirled round at dizzying speed. Their mesmeric droning granted a sense of peace and tranquillity, like the far off rushing of waters experienced when pressing a seaside shell to ones ear. 
Swirls of energy bulged out from deeper within, sucking me inside with tremendous force. In a blinding flash I materialized at one end of a grand ballroom, drifting inches from the marbled floor. Instantly a solid impenetrable wall hung with grand ornaments shot up behind. 
In front highly detailed tapestries and intricate golden carvings were woven seamlessly into towering walls depicting rolling vistas, abstract thought forms, complex shapes and philosophies, transcending earthly expression and life itself. Off to the left lay a long bar, and behind that lay a pure white background decorated lavishly with extremely detailed golden intertwined scenes of gods, grandly sitting in judgement at unknown places. A silver inscription bore the Latin: ‘Council Of The God’s.’ 
On the bar top glasses and tankards were strewn around randomly. Some lay transparent, empty and lifeless, others seemed solid and full. Behind them sat a weighty, unwieldy till. The dusty drawer sprung open displaying a solitary new penny dated July the twenty fourth 1920. Mmm, the date wasn’t too far off. Suspended above hung a miniature grandfathers clock and barometer, presenting the information ‘three thirty three’ and ‘chance of showers.’ Temperature fluctuated wildly between five and fifteen degrees. What the blazes was this place? 
Glancing down the oaken topped bar I noticed patrons mechanically draining glasses of green liquid over and over. It was impossible to say what the gooey mess was. From their weird expressions I fancied it a psychological hit in the form of information. Separate from the overly eager barflies, hundreds of spectral forms moved to and fro across the imposing marble floor. Some even walked up and down walls and along the ceiling. Great numbers scurried round frantically, keeping tightly to walls like mice searching for a meal.
Two swarthy looking Egyptian types faded into view behind the bar, dropping to their knees furtively. One produced a sharpened fragment of yellow sandstone and with exaggerated diligence marked a series of capital L’s on the floor beneath the till in straight lines of six. Every second L was inverted and its horizontal line placed above the first. The second phantom acted as a lookout, constantly checking over his shoulder anxiously, fearing discovery at any second. 
When six vertical lines were completed, both stood bolt upright. Each clasped a glittering, jewelled scarab necklace which lit up brightly, and the nearest one chanted a repeating chorus. The symbolic configuration on the floor trembled and the area shook in unison. Hazy waves of energy burst from the outer walls, racing ever inwards. A tight circle of blue smoke materialized on the floor as the repeating letters rearranged themselves into series of three. It seemed the characters crude designs were met with a positive answer and both ragged characters launched themselves into the decreasing ring which disappeared instantly. 
I was the only spirit to show any interest in the curious spectacle and other spectral forms merely stood staring at a fixed point, confused and alone. Officious types stood off to the sides, walking along walls at odd angles, huddled in strange little cliques, engaged in lively debates. 
The strange door I’d come through reappeared with a clashing boom, changing size, direction and angle randomly. A lively guide bravely weaved a path through the ethereal mist ever onwards towards the twisting portal, followed closely by his faithful troop. 
At the far end of the ballroom one patron rose above the crowd. This bruiser sported the hair of a badger mating with a filthy cleaners mop, and wore pock marked clothes to match. Despite the room’s activity his gaze was always slyly fixed on me, which became terribly unnerving. The urge to flee became overwhelming when the tall stranger materialized directly in front of me, blocking any path. His last position remained highlighted for a second before fading away. 
“Might ‘av known. I figured ya woz different than t’ other folk, up t’ no good. Made the wrong move there, didn’t ya son? Who sent ya?” he shot accusingly. 
“That’s for me to know and for you to find out my good man,” I answered loudly with utmost confidence. Fortunately it was true - I was unlike other folk - They were dead. This could only work in my favour. I had nothing to fear from his sort here. I’d only just finished forming a mocking smile of triumph when the brute pinned me half way up the back wall. My handkerchief, a stubby pencil and small notepad fell uselessly to the floor. 
“Said who sent ya?” he thundered. “Better own up smartish lad. So ‘elp me, I’ll throw ya back down there!” His preposterously thick finger pointed through the floor. 
“The... man outside the cave,” I cried desperately. 
This old savage’s brain seemed to be evolving at last. Perhaps he may develop opposable thumbs given long enough. His choke hold eased up, then came the deafening bawl of, “Doctor Solomun!” The good doctor appeared instantaneously. It was the weird gnome from the road. Why the devil can’t I do that I thought enviously. 
“Let the boy down Gustav,” he said softly, seeming annoyed at being woken prematurely. 
“’aven’t been ‘ere for fowsand cycles just to let folk run round as they pleases. Gots me orders, me stripes to think ‘bout.”
“We’ve talked about this before. Those stripes aren’t a badge of honour. They were given to you for a reason. This is just one of them,” he stated kindly, like a gentle family physician might to a very young child. 
“Sez ya let him in,” the mountain quaked unsurely. “Ya vaatch for ‘im do ya?” he said even slower, clutching his swollen forehead. Solomun edged forward carefully. 
“Yes, I vouch for him,” he said, slipping closer still. 
“Gustav, let me tell you a story. Listen up, you won’t have heard it before. When your earliest ancestors first came to earth I was there. When Phoenicians first discovered the Canaan lands, I was there. When Romans conquered the ancient Britons, I was there. And when Mr Bell invented the electric telephone, I was there.”
“What woz ya doing there doc?” he said, moving his great head inquisitively. 
“Well, pull up a seat old man, I’ll tell you all about it. May as well now that I’m up,” he sighed. The way his hands shook it must have took all of the great oaf’s concentration just to keep me held aloft. This was my chance to break free! Like a caged tiger I sprinted for the moving door. As fate would have it, it disappeared at the last second. Sheer momentum propelled me through a curtained off area, straight into a group of participants huddled round a makeshift Ouija board. This secretive place was lit with eerie ancient lanterns, set with suspicious smells and decked with occult symbolism. I’d disturbed an impromptu séance, here of all places! 
All spiritualists threw their arms up in shock as I burst straight through the table, scattering precious contents far and wide. An elderly fellow quickly gathered his wits, made a series of symbolic gestures cutting the misty atmosphere, whilst others frantically made the sign of the cross, muttering anxiously with heads bowed. I found myself swept backwards by an invisible wind. Back and through the twisting exit door like a wild gust of wind. 

Chapter 11

One flashing instant later I lay on a dry sand bank at the fringe of a sprawling wood. Picking myself up, I became overwhelmed by warming orange light streaming from deep blue sky. My form pulsed slowly, till what luck - I became quite solid! In moments I felt invigorated, frightfully optimistic and truly alive. A flash of movement from brush to the side brought a gasp of astonishment and sheer joy. 
“Good lord! Sam, is that you?! It is, it is, young Sam! Why heavens, look at you! But surely not, please...you’re still so young.”
“No, I’m not. Well, pretty sure I’m not... yet,” I replied in sheer delight. Here was my favourite Aunt Rose! Everyone remembers dear old Aunt Rose. A more genuine loving, selfless soul you could never dream to meet. Beautiful flowing locks of blonde and the sweetest aura of kindness danced around her gentle brown eyes. My fondest memories of Rose were the infinite well of love her heart contained. Father always said the fairies must have brought her, for she’d enough for every living soul on the planet with more to spare. I used to think if I could marry one girl it would only be one with the same selfless heart as Rose. 
Behind her the ornate door wobbled, flexing and creaking as if giant hands pulled it from all directions. Its elaborate framework shook violently to the most extraordinary mix of high pitched beeps and deafening crashes. 
“What?!” I gasped nervously, flinching as the whining cacophony ended, and the door folded up in on itself and vanished. 
“Oh, it always does that,” Rose said, shrugging.
“So glad to see you aunt.”
“I’m awfully glad too!” she bubbled, standing back in admiration and clasping her hands together in boundless joy. “Sam, there’s something different about you, but I can’t quite put my finger on it.”
“Well I wish someone would.” 
“Quick now, I don’t know how long you’ll be allowed to stay. Hope there’ll be time for answers later. Come now, stay close. Tonight you’ll dine with us,” she cried, grabbing my hand.
“You do realize I’m twenty now?” 
“Of course dear, but you’ll always be that cute little ten year old to me, for none of us truly grows up, my special little friend,” she laughed, tipping me a beautiful wink. “Oh, your uncle’s face when he sees you, we shall tease him so!” 
We walked together hand in hand alongside a small babbling brook. Amidst bendy trees the air turned crisp and thin and sweet smells of fresh lavender permeated the delightful atmosphere. Twigs crunched softly beneath our feet and fresh apple blossom petals floated around as two happy souls leisurely meandered down the winding woodland path towards the centre of town. 
Aunt explained carefully arranged planting of nutritious vegetable matter provided villagers with sustenance. Whilst unnecessary, some felt better in the knowledge there was an inexhaustible supply of luscious wild berries, healing herbs and flowering plants. Seasons were similar to our own English climate, but more traditional black, depressing ones were surprisingly less dense and of a much shorter duration. 
“I’ll take you down to her wonderful place first. You’ll love it, everyone does,” she gushed. 
“Oh, Jacob’s mother Elsa dreamt that one up,” she cried, anticipating my next question, “Partly for him, partly for her, mostly for all. It was one of her greatest dreams as she travelled the plains. Elsa and your great grandfather were some of the very first pioneers you know, when the American west was truly old, long before others came bringing selfish greed. But we do not dwell on the past here. So this was one of the scenes she always wanted to build. For her it represented peace and true harmony with nature. When their family finally settled down to roost, survival reared its head. Crops had to be sown and defended, while hungry little mouths were begging to be fed. Wasting precious time and resources on flights of fancy by creating a portion of paradise could not be justified.” Our path became more detailed, welcoming and really quite delightful.
“Ah, we’re nearly there. This is the perfect time as well. At sunset it never looks more adorable. Sneak a look through the trees Sam. See it?” she whispered earnestly.
On the outskirts of the village where all paths converged lay a green grassy mound dotted with miniature bushes and shrubs, and nudged by a family of larger trees. Surrounding this heavenly knoll flowed a miniature moat. Its crystal clear water slipped back into a charming little stream where rainbow coloured fish gurgled, jumped and swam gracefully. At one side a tiny wooden bridge garnished with strange symbols and topped with exotic balustrades crossed the water. The inviting walkway faded away into growing shadows, leaving a shimmering moonlit rainbow spanning the banks. Rising from the glittering brook, low musical hums bounced between trees and spun around our heads. 
I watched intrigued as dusk fell on this strange and lovely paradise. Tiny nameless forms leapt, darted and flitted amongst the silky grass. From tree to tree phosphorescent creatures buzzed and clicked serenely, lighting the background with a magical glow. Just above the treetops swirls of energy mixed in dazzling flashes of colour and floated to the ground.
Rose whispered that on rare, unusual nights the atmosphere became infused with happiness, love and villagers’ thoughts for a wonderful future. At those special times sharp, tiny noses appeared off in the background, poking their way carefully through the scrub, playfully retreating from dappled rays of pale moonlight that strobed the isle. She named them the keepers. No one knew their story. 
The sunset, the beautiful scene, the tiny little animals, and the tranquil lullaby of those dreamy, placid waters allowed my heart to gently slip away into the sweet serenity of it all. Their effect combined, became healing and hypnotic. There was something more here, some indescribable force carrying the isle on slowly towards some unseen goal. A world within one, that was itself evolving, that only did so because of the presence of these extraordinary souls sharing its vision. I became instantly transfixed, attempting to coax answers out the isle. 
“See, I knew you’d feel it,” Rose squealed, studying me as a doting mother watches an excited child. “I come here every day with Brian, and every day we notice something new and even more exciting. Sometimes it’s just a colour on a leaf, others it’s the behaviour of the endearing little ones. Once we got so swept up in the atmosphere we didn’t notice any changes till we were back at home. It’s growing Sam, right before our eyes! Your great gran’s a clever lady, born well before her time. There was always something special about her, she can do things other folk can’t. I realised that the moment I met her. You’re the only other I felt that way about. Remember?” she said, cuddling in. 
“Yes, I remember it well, but I was a little too small to understand.” 
“Oh, Sam. I knew you were different, but didn’t know how to explain, you were far too young to understand. Studies weren’t for you, they weren’t part of your future, for others absolutely, but not for you. You’d have been so much happier escaping in an exciting book. But never mind all that now. You’re here now, that’s all that matters.” 
“So, how did she do all this?” 
Rose’s answer was drowned out by thunderous cannon fire and the subsequent arrival from behind the island of a small flotilla of miniature battleships from days of yore. Each had been meticulously crafted to represent a vessel of some distinction. I recognized one as Admiral Nelson’s ship ‘The Victory.’ The second ‘The Mary Rose,’ a fearsome looking vessel armed to the teeth executed a perfect flanking manoeuvre. I made out the grinding noise of her battery of cannons shifting, heard the sudden rush of flooding waters and she started listing dangerously on one side. Another mighty craft displaying skull and cross bones, bearing the moniker ‘Queen Annes Revenge’ took the opportunity to sneak through the party leaders. 
“Battle stations!” came the excited haroo as a thrilled child hurtled past. 
“Hiya Auntie Rose. Can’t stop. Forward men!” I only caught a fleeting glimpse of him as his navy proudly sailed past. Their twinkling mainsails left strange recurring images flickering in the iridescent twilight. 
“Who the dickens was that?” I laughed.
“Young Jacob, your great grandmother’s child. He’s been here since he was very young, eighteen eighty three. A trifling illness, something doctors nowadays are able to treat in an afternoon. Elsa looks after him now.”
“Can’t he... Well doesn’t he realise that he...doesn’t he understand, he’s well, you know...”
“Of course he does Sam, everyone here works that out in their own way.”
“Why is he still a child? Isn’t he allowed to grow up and experience other ways, as a teenager or an adult?”
“Of course. Gran has explained all. He’s chosen to stay that way for the foreseeable future. Having such a short and painful life the boy wants to experience everything he missed out on before he takes such a path. And who can blame him? I mean just look at him Sam, he’s in childhood bliss here - Living in the moment. There’s no stress for him, no limits either, nothing.” 
I must admit, ecstasy just doesn’t go any way towards describing the tiny little fellow’s immense delight in his games. I delighted in watching him run the length of the stream and laughed at his wild shrieks of joy. There was no more struggling for him, nor hardship or pain, only unadulterated bliss, which only got better with each passing moment. 
“So, what’s it like Rose? The passing, er, being here?” I said, watching Jacob closely till he faded away. 
“Beautiful, simply beautiful.” Her mind wandered a little, as it reminisced, lost in a series of ever happier dreams. “One never has to be scared to say the word,” Rose whispered. “’tis only a word. Besides, it’s only our bodies that failed, not our imaginations; they were let loose and are now in a completely free and natural state. When Brian and I first came here, he thought the whole thing was some crazy dream. I think a tinsy little part of him still does. Now having mellowed a bit, he says even if it is, ‘tis one he never wants to wake up from.”
“Oh, yes, Uncle Brian,” I said, “’twas strange I never met him. Mother said she found him a trifle brusque.”
“Yes he was at times, he had a lot on his mind then, all of us did. Married to work many would say, but I think you’ll find he’s quite the card nowadays. That’s what generally happens here, it brings out the best in all of us.”
“I can see that. And may I say you yourself look truly remarkable.”
“Why thank you young Sam, quite the knight in shining armour you turned out to be too.”
“Those creatures, are they real? Are they solid? Can you reach out and touch them?”
“Your gran has once. She says they’re as real and solid as you or I,” she answered, tapping me playfully. 
“What of the others?”
“Oh, they’re just shy. Give them time. I bet they’re just as curious about us. Existence would quickly get so dull if they all became our friends instantly.”
“Yes, I suppose so.” 
“Aren’t they simply gorgeous?” she gushed, sighing blissfully.
“I’ve never seen anything quite like them,” I confessed wistfully.
“Nor are you likely to any time soon, thank the lord.” 
As the sun drifted into quiet slumber, we tarried a while talking of life, love and secrets of the universe. Aunt Rose and I sat under moonlit stars, watching three moons playfully jockeying for position across the purpling sky. Further on moved three smaller companions, different colours, but not shining as intensely. “Their babies,” Rose pointed out confidently. 
“Everything’s so intense,” I remarked. “Colours, lights, creatures, emotions. How on earth does all this happen?” 
“Sam,” she said thoughtfully, “We don’t know for sure yet, perhaps we never will. We just help it along a little with our thoughts and leave it at that. As long as it makes us happy, that is all we really need to know.”
“Yes, I can see that now. Things are a little clearer.”
“Good. Oh, your uncle, the tea. Come along now,” she cried, jumping up and taking to her heels at high speed. “Follow the road,” she added, smiling over her shoulder. 
Rose and her husband Brian passed together very quickly in their mid forties, but here she possessed the speed and stamina of an Olympic runner. I only just managed to keep her in sight by carefully keeping to shifts in ground levels whilst rounding each corner. Woodland passed by in a crazy blur faster and faster. Up, down, a left, a right, then another. Soon the tall, towering shapes of trees either side melded together with the scrub, bushes, grass, flowers, and the far off sounds of a soothing piping, till all I felt was the gentle, calming whoosh of wind rushing past my face. The faster I moved, the more exhilarated and energized I became. 
“You see how amazing it is?” she said, rounding the final corner, “And neither of us even out of breath!” 
We’d arrived at a quaint country cottage, thatched with finest gold heather. Thin wispy puffs of smoke drifted from the neat chimney pot and colourful plants dripped down the walls. A white, knee high picket fence enclosed the front garden. Hung over a garden gate ‘Westbury Lodge Welcome to our home’ was highlighted on a little sign.
“It’s exactly what we’ve always wanted,” Rose confessed proudly, opening the gate quietly. 
“First let’s see what Brian’s really up to.” Tchaikovsky’s uplifting nut cracker suite drifted from the slightly ajar ground floor window. 
“Oh, look at him go! I knew it, he can’t resist – its Igor the Russian dancing bear!” she giggled. “I’ll be having a quick nap he says - my bum!” Nudging me to see the spectacle, I peered through the window, catching one of the most amazing sights ever witnessed. A giant of a man with full beard, moustache and wizard’s top hat perched on his head at a slant seemed to fill half the room. With hands clasped tightly to an imaginary partner, he whirled them round crazily to the addictive tune. When the melody reached certain memorable parts he left her momentarily to prance about on his tip toes like a playful little mouse. 
“Ah ha, caught you!” Rose exclaimed, throwing the front door open. 
“Almost,” said the fellow, sitting down clumsily. He pretended to be sheepish for a moment, then burst into laughter. 
“Guess who’s come to visit?” Rose cried. “I shall grant you three chances.”
“Oh, dear me,” he laughed again, “Chances such as these are never to be wasted. It couldn’t possibly be gran again?” 
“No.”
“Then, James, yes, Jolly James Jodphur the Judicious Japer from Sutton Coldfield?”
“Don’t be so silly Brian. Besides, I told you he’s gone visiting.”
“Yes, you did, so you did. Well, that can only leave...um...Jacob,” he said, after a lot of mock thought. “Come for your new toy son? It’s in the library drawer lad, all finished. Hop in and fetch it, bring it through, I’ll show you how it works.” 
I stepped inside. He looked up from his chair with a probing start. “Why, I know you. How could I forget? Your aunt used to show me pictures all the time. It’s, that’s right, it’s your Margaret’s lad isn’t it Rose... Sa...”
“That’s right, Sam,” I beamed.
“But you’re so youn...” he started. As his mind whirred his wide grin faded.
“It’s okay Brian, everything’s fine, he’s not here to stay,” Rose stepped in.
“Well thank the lord for that. You had me worried for a second.” Brian let out a huge sigh of relief and his enormous smile grew even larger than before. “Then come in lad, come in,” he boomed. “You are most welcome, take a seat. Here you are sit down, sit down,” he fussed, patting me soundly on the back many times. “Tell me what you’ve all been up to. Not too tired are you?” he inquired kindly. 
“No, I’m fine so far, considering,” I said, gladly taking the offered seat. 
“Considering? Sounds ominous. Problems lad?” he said, raising his eyebrow shrewdly. 
“Well young fellow, you’ve dropped in at the right time. I’m looking to outline a new project myself and would be grateful for a few warm up exercises. I was and still am an inventor you know. Your aunt tell you that did she?”
“Stop fussing Brian. Let the lad breathe. He can tell us all about it as and when he likes while we have tea. I promised him that much, and what sort of an aunt doesn’t make good on her promises?” she winked.
“Rightio Rose. Just thought we could have a bit of a chat, man to man, make up for lost time.” 
Our party moved into the dining room where a grand oak table had been set with dazzling tableware. 
“We don’t have to set it you know, or wash up, though sometimes I do just for the experience,” Rose remarked. Glancing down I realised that food I’d always dreamed about, but could never afford was there waiting patiently. Succulent, delicious, those heavenly aromas wafted tenaciously everywhere. Needless to say all had been prepared and cooked to total perfection. I knew I’d never taste another meal quite like it, so savoured each bite. 
“Not too bad, eh son?” uncle questioned knowingly. 
“There are no words,” I nodded, enthusiastically trying dish after dish. In between mouthfuls I told all as well as I could possibly remember. Everything from the age of ten when my tender eyes naively thought they’d spied Rose for the last time, to the undeclared war with the evil General Davis, my work life, the arrival of Ian, everything. My recall in this place was vivid and animated. Fine details seemed much crisper, whilst reasons for certain people’s actions appeared much less annoying and rather less obtuse. 
I told them all. Nothing was to be left to chance, as craftsmen cannot work without tools. I’d only promised Ian I wouldn’t tell a soul on earth. That promise has still been kept to the letter. Brian’s expressed genuine amusement at the thoroughly embarrassing toilet incident. Throughout the winding tale his enormous brain rapidly digested and analyzed all the facts, putting them into logical order for further evaluation. 
Brian worked mainly physically, using his mind in conjunction with his hands. He thought things through logically, whereas Rose worked mainly with emotions, using deep inherent spirituality and feminine intuition. Naturally their respective solutions to most scenarios were going to turn out slightly differently. But that in itself was no bad thing. For I’ve learnt its best to listen carefully to all points of view before making final judgements. 
Rose grew emotional at my memories of her death, remarking she only wished she could have done a little more, but having just arrived here it can take an awfully long time to influence people back on earth. 
“I sent dear Gregory to that end, remember? He was the only person near you whose brain was open enough in that way. I knew in my present state I couldn’t break through your pain to reach you. I whispered orders to him as he dozed in his broom cupboard between shifts. Bless his little cotton socks, I think he thought I was a teacher talking to him as I passed his room. I wasn’t strong enough then to do much else, none of us were.” 
I remembered Gregory Basil our school caretaker alright. Unfortunately the poor chap suffered from what society now calls learning difficulties. A thin, gaunt, stick of a fellow with the mind of a confused young teenager who always wore a long, scruffy tartan scarf throughout the year, regardless of the temperature, because his mother told him he may get a nasty chill. Gregory alone guided me through the heartache, whether he was aware of it or not. 
Instead of allowing me to mope alone, he’d chase me outside to play football in the sun. Once he gave me a toy rabbit he’d found in the lost property box, claiming, ‘Miss told me to give you this.’ Luckily one thing he excelled at it was good old fashioned determination and loyalty, which lots of folk twice his intelligence hadn’t mastered. Incidentally that last message passed way over my head at the time. It was only years later I realised that rabbits had always been aunts firm favourite. 
Rose found Ian a bit of a meddler, though overall there for the greater good. Brian said he understood his humour, suggesting it granted him character and thought his behaviour, particularly the self indulgent jokes smacked of boredom. Neither could say for certain why Ian chose me, what he was really up to on earth or how I got here. Both agreed soundly Ian wouldn’t let any harm befall me, but in the same instance remained puzzled as to why he appeared to have abandoned me in this state. 
“Sounds like a damn fine chap to have on your side. If he cannot get to you, you can bet your bare behind there must be damn good reason for it,” uncle said, sitting back in his chair and lighting yet another delicious vanilla pipe. Outside the brilliant moon crested the tops of the olive tree in the garden. A tiny speck of moonlight crossed from one gleaming eye to the other. Then he remarked stoically, “So Sam, it seems you’re stuck for a time. Ordinarily I’d have said that was no bad thing, but...” he continued slowly, choosing his words especially carefully, “Sam, you are a singular case. One can eat all one likes here; you may take that to the bank. However, our food only nourishes the senses and spirit - surely it cannot do the same for your physical body, wherever that may lie.” 
Frightful tingles of electricity raced up and down my spine as his statements true significance sunk in. Aunt Rose felt it too, for she looked at me aghast for a fleeting moment. 
“A quick and practical man you are Brian, one of the many reasons I married you.”
“I wish that it were not so on this occasion. Nevertheless, these matters must eventually be given the credence they deserve.” 
“Granted,” Rose and I agreed, wondering why we’d failed to think of such an important point before. 
Allowing a pregnant pause, Rose pursed her lips. “That Sam, if it happens will be in the far future. We must concentrate on the present. We’ll ask gran tomorrow what her feelings are on this. Elsa’s been here the longest. And there will be another opportunity at the return of James. Jolly James’ japes and jokes are merely a way to disguise his great intelligence.”
We moved back into the sitting room, chatting gaily long into the early hours of times gone by, speculating on the meaning and future of it all. 
Some time passed when my host’s voices gradually moved slightly out of synch with their mouths; fading away into the distance. I leant back against the soft cushion, beginning to truly relax and let go of all troubles thus far. My shoulders tensed and sunk for the last time. 
Rising sun sent her first gleaming rays skipping across the brightening sky. Deep orange fingers dove down to play amongst golden meadows. In the woods talkative shadows melted before hazy spots of light, where strange creatures slipped into existence. Finally a thin, solitary beam trickled through the cottage window, warming air to an intensely relaxing daze. My eyes grew heavy and weary. By degrees the couples calming voices grew softer, till their images faded out of focus and the room spun softly in thick shades of black. 

Chapter 12

I came round finding the sun blazing brightly. Brian sat opposite watching closely, much amused. 
“Good morning young fellow. No need to ask how you slept. ‘twas like watching a new born baby sleep for the very first time. I have never seen such a peaceful sight in life. Seems there are more things you are capable of here than you should allow.”
“Possibly,” I agreed sleepily. “Do you sleep uncle?”
“Yes, but by choice, not through tiredness. And you may call me Brian.”
“How long?” 
“Three days, Sam, three days. That’s quite some feat,” he mused.
“And you’ve been sitting here all this time watching?”
“Mostly. Sounds silly - we just wanted to make sure you were alright.”
“Well that’s very considerate of you, I feel much refreshed.” 
“Good. Now come along old bean, Rose is waiting at the square. Elsa wishes to meet you.”
“At the square?”
“Well, it’s more of a rectangle nowadays work we’ve been putting in lately.”
“Walk this way,” he said, clowning around and leading the way at a fair lick down his front lawn. Folk who walked like him normally ended up being arrested. Brian turned left out the tiny gate, comically opening and closing it carefully, forging a way ahead. His long, thick, tree trunk legs gave him an unfair advantage over a slight youngster like me. The peculiar fashion in which his legs and feet pounded the dry forest ground, in conjunction with the forward swinging motion of his arms meant his body succeeded in granting him a forward leaning, almost ape like gait.
Enormous number and variety of flowers and plants adorned the trail’s sides alongside the talkative brook. This fresh young chap was a remarkable specimen, whose clear waters could scarce be found in the highest of mountain streams. His spine was a combination of fine, rich sand and golden nuggets topped with tiny polished crystal shards. 
The dapper gentleman had been dressed in a rich blend of moist, luscious moss and delicate ribbons of purpled grass that danced delightfully for the pleasure of the noon day sun. Many of their colourful friends met in the middle, providing a magical playground for silvers of fish that darted and leaped through the miniature reeds. In a fit of joy I cupped a handful of the sparkling liquid, letting it trickle slowly between my fingers. Yes, perfectly clean and chilled. 
Surrounding this meandering water spirit lived an eclectic mix of trees; healthy specimens thriving in harmony alongside others I couldn’t place. Small, freshly dug holes sat at the side of the path. Some stood out in the open between fresh green ferns and wild grasses. Others were hidden beneath sneaky plant roots or clumps of shimmering silver bracken. Sadly it seemed their inhabitants were strictly nocturnal or just plain shy. 
“Marvellous isn’t it? Plants change most every week, always some new arrangement, it never gets boring here,” Brian said, glancing back.
Following some outstanding sightseeing we started down a slight incline. At the bottom stood a very impressive hedge, taller than the big man himself. Its thick leaves stretched off for miles in either direction. Brian paused, counting from the bottom upwards. Around three quarters of the way up the face there grew a purple flower boasting a faintly spotted centre. Brian’s giant fingers moved her delicately to one side and reached past, pulling gently at the velvety green stem beyond. A large section creaked outwards. The hedge had been grown into a natural gate. Fresh supple branches formed the hinges and locking mechanism. 
“Good eh?” he stated proudly. “If I’d have melded the two styles together on earth, I’d have been a very rich man indeed and a far happier one,” he confessed, ushering me through. 
We now stood on a cobbled square where alterations were well underway to transform it into a wondrous work of art. Brian explained the idea was to take the existing square shape, spin it around to the left a few degrees to form an offset circle, then build a larger rectangular structure all around it. The brickwork, flaring outwards in an ever increasing spiral looked absolutely fabulous. 
“Sam, this is your great grandmother Elsa,” Rose said. Elsa was a hard faced, weathered woman. Tall and thin, her grey hair parted widely at the front was kept secure using a large decorated peg at the back. This rigid style only accentuated an abnormally long neck. Her keen, hawk like eyes shrunk to a dot, sizing me up for faults. She certainly looked like one of ours.
“You’ll do,” she decided finally in a slight southern American twang, extending a long bony hand in friendship. “Welcome Sam.” She paused, looking me over once more a little longer. 
“I fancy you’ll be back,” she nodded. “Grab a spade boy, let’s get this lot finished first,” she cried, starting work again. 
“Glad to help,” I blustered, picking a spot close by. I shifted some soil and glanced around. Some truly unique works of art stood here. These homes for one, which were mostly from the last century, but marvellously kept. Without doubt the most beautiful and complex work was the large golden angel figurine perched high on a marble pedestal, looking down protectively on the workers. She boasted a magnificent silver harp. Noonday sun sat proudly behind, shining a dazzling gleam through the harp strings. I broke off work to gaze intently, expecting the guardian to rise of her marble stand and challenge me at any moment. I wondered whether she was sentient; if she knew I was here, whether her golden eyes could see me, or if the entity could read feelings. What was her function? ‘twas no ordinary garden ornament for sure.
Another mystery was the lack of people. I counted ones I knew so far - Aunt and uncle, Elsa, Jacob, Jolly James, whoever that was, and his partner Mary. Between acute bouts of fatigue on my first night there’d been mention of one or two others. But besides those, that seemed to be the present inhabitants of this world - a strange quandary for a place that didn’t seem to have any limits. 
“We don’t let just anyone in here boy. Places have to be earned,” Elsa croaked. I nodded thoughtfully. Elsa moved closer. Why I posed such a personal question at such an odd time I cannot explain. 
“Where is Jacob’s dad, why isn’t he here?”
“No doubt he is where he belongs. An exceedingly selfish man who abandoned me with child before the poor boy was born.”
“Elsa, I’m so sorry to hear that. I had no idea your life was so difficult. Things must have been terrible for you back then.” 
“One finds ways to survive.”
“Yes, needs must,” I agreed. A light breeze brought salty seaweed wafting over the area. Elsa kept silent for a time. 
“You remind me of him. About the same age too.”
“Oh, really?” I said, finding this frank admission a trifle disconcerting.
“Purely in looks, it doesn’t seem to be present in your eyes.”
“Well that’s a relief. One likes to think they have a tad more responsibility than that.”
“Perhaps so.”
Talk petered off. A time later work was deemed over for the day, so we adjourned to Elsa’s house for further discussions. Elsa’s home sat at the northern edge of the village, nestled between stunning grassland and a small tributary of the northern sea. 
A dramatic example of very early American wooden homes, it boasted an open plan garden, complete with fully functional water wheel attached to the northern side. A sturdy rope bridge set further up the river spanned the divide. Lush green flowering vines sneaked their way leisurely up brilliant white walls, rose, ebony and ivory planks made up the roof, and chocolate plants stood proudly on each outside windowsill. It was such a strange contrast of colours, yet worked perfectly. 
Elsa obviously liked to cling to the good old days, where life was harder, tools were solid and bulky, but reliable. She could have had any home she liked. Some folk are perfectly happy with the basics in life and good for them I say. Our family certainly were back in the twenties, despite being poor. As you’ve probably guessed an antique spinning wheel was perched on the front veranda, set up to run in conjunction with the water wheel outside, as were most of her home comforts which we take for granted nowadays. 
Inside the charming home compromised two main levels with a large dusty attic accessible only via a strong wooden storage box beneath the trapdoor labelled: ‘R H Boone trading company.’ After the exciting tour we sat together in the spacious front room. Chatting pleasantly whilst trying to commit the place to memory and mulling over exciting discoveries proved no easy task. 
Over in the kitchen in front, one of the old wooden blinds over the window happened to be partially closed. Light streamed through the thin slats, highlighting dust particles that are always present in the air. This was uncanny. Similarities to my own world were simply staggering. Why, even ascending the stairs had revealed the customary squeaky step. To my delight it creaked just as loudly on the way down as well. If I’d been allowed longer in the dusty attic, I bet I could have found signs of mice! This marvellous house had been lived in for generations, silently gathering memories and carefully storing sounds. ‘twas a beautiful, timeless piece, filled with extraordinary treasures, mysterious objects and never ending surprises. 
A large timber fan spun above, slowly gaining momentum in the hot, thick atmosphere as Elsa idly toyed with its rope controls on the wall. While we chatted of familiar things, I noticed she was staring at me from time to time, just as intently as before. Her lips were pursed tightly and her hawk like eyes narrowed. I wrestled with myself whether it would be good manners to try and engage her in direct conversation when Rose spoke up. “So, what do you make of it all gran?” Brian had been recapping my story so far, along with his own interpretations, which took quite some time. 
“I’m sorry, but I really can’t tell Rose. I just can’t work him out,” she admitted. 
“I am who I say I am Elsa,” I said kindly.
“Of course you are Sam,” aunt and uncle agreed immediately, “We should know straight away if it weren’t so gran.” 
“I agree you are no imposter. You would not be here if you did not belong. I can’t put my finger on it. I find it very difficult to read you. Past experience tells me when I can’t read someone it normally transpires they are hiding something. It’s hard to dismiss such a strong feeling because it kept me alive for so long.” 
Naturally our chat quieted for a time. A glittering butterfly glided smoothly between the fan’s sluggish strokes, taking refuge on the top of the door frame, nudging a delicate shaving that floated silently to the polished floor. At the open window two songbirds warbled sweet love songs to each other. Just behind me the fire crackled back to life, showering golden sparks over the wicker hearth. Drips of sunlight drizzled through imperfections in the floorboards above, creating tiny havens between the shadows and carving enchanting little shapes on beautiful timber beneath our feet. Brian glanced upwards as a golden beam caressed his forehead. I watched closely. Twinkles of light darted between his mischievous eyes. That very same colossal smile arrived back, directed at us all. 
“Gran, your senses are working as well as they always have. What we haven’t taken into account is that Sam is here as a guest well before his time. Thank the lord our saviour he has not passed. One cannot possibly expect to be able to read him as easily as any of us. To do so would defy all logic. His intellect, his spirit is here, but only part of it. Where his soul actually lies we could debate for all eternity.” 
Brian left a dramatic pause. “That gran is why you wonder, that is why you cannot read him, that is why his future and intentions are beyond you, and that is why Rose married me,” he cried triumphantly, rising to his feet and dancing a comical jig. He finished off the hilarious performance with a charming little bow and asked donations be sent to his favourite charity.
“Alright Brian, no one likes a boaster!” Rose laughed. 
“That explains it then,” Elsa accepted at last, sighing with relief. “I apologise Sam. I should have put more thought into the situation.”
“Forget about it Elsa. It really doesn’t matter,” I waved dismissively.
The front door swung open, sticking slightly at the last soft nudge. In rolled a big, brightly coloured ball, followed by a lively little boy and an even livelier little puppy. ‘twas an incredibly cute, loyal little creature that could have snuggled perfectly in the palms of your hands. She let out an excited little yip and sat down patiently, looking fervently at each of us in turn as if awaiting orders. 
“Hi Auntie Rose, hi Uncle Brian.”
“Hullo Sam,” Jacob said, bowing in jest. “Auntie Rose says you’re special.” Flakes of soil dropped from a mop of ginger hair, whilst thick tar stains hid most of the tiny brown freckles adorning his grubby, plump cheeks.
“I don’t know much about that Jacob,” I replied, smiling broadly.
“No? I guess not then,” he shrugged with the naked candour only children can possess. 
“So what have you and Jess been up to Jacob my lad?” Brian asked eagerly. 
“Been training her to fetch on the beach, just like you showed me. Just came to get some more of those treats from the kitchen.” 
“Good for you lad. Now remember what I told you, if you look after her, then she’ll look after you. There’s an effective method to training men and beast alike.” 
“Yes, thanks Uncle Brian.” 
“Oh mamma, Auntie Mary says the angel is glowing again,” he threw casually over his shoulder as he chased the delightful puppy into the kitchen. 
“Expecting someone Elsa?” Brian quizzed. 
“Oh yes, Aida Bell,” she replied with a beautiful smile. “I do hope it will be her. This will be the third time. I thought it wouldn’t be too long. What a lucky girl, she must have reached a hundred by now. We’d better go up there and help her. Jacob will be fine here by himself. Bless her, she can sometimes get a little confused. What with the strange experience of coming through, who knows what she’s thinking.” 
I understood the idea of someone coming through, as in through the strange, warping door, but was lost as to the relevance of the gorgeous angel statue. There was little opportunity for questions as everyone rushed off and headed up past Aunts house to where I’d first landed. The new arrival was expected shortly. I rounded the corner first, met with the bleak picture of an extremely elderly lady. The poor woman’s back was bowed and bent. Her stark white hair moved in all directions while she scratched around on the ground. 
As I drew closer she picked an object up, placing it on the bridge of her nose. Now her vision was somewhat restored she straightened up as best she could and gazed around her, looking very confused. The rest of the party arrived. Peering intently at me her slender neck strained, stretching forwards. I noticed her wrinkled hands and face shook. She croaked hoarsely, “Danny, is that you?” I stood deathly still, shocked into silence at such a distressing sight.
“No Aida, I’ll explain later, it’s me Elsa, your daughter.” 
“Elsa?! Really? My, my, really? Is it? It can’t be. No, no. Who, Elsa? Come closer little one. Oh yes, I can see you a little better now. You haven’t changed a bit my child,” she said, bursting into tears. “But you’re gone Elsa,” she sobbed, “I lost you. This is just some wonderful dream and I’ll wake up soon all alone. Can’t I stay, just this once. Oh, please do tell me I can stay. I will be as quiet as a mouse and promise not to get in anyone’s way. Things have become dreadfully strange of late,” she continued mournfully.
“Of course you can stay ma, for as long as you want,” Elsa replied, almost breaking up herself. “But first you need to rest. You know how you get when you don’t get enough sleep. Here, take my hand,” Elsa offered in complete devotion.
“And then I can stay?” Aida entreated with the wide eyed, hopeful expression of an expectant child. “You can stay,” Elsa nodded, smiling sweetly. Barely a moment later the old dear placed a trembling hand inside Elsa’s and their spirits joined together tenderly for the last time. Both dissolved instantly in a sheet of blinding white light. 
“Crikey, will she be alright?!” I said, “I mean, there’s a terrible touch of dementia there.”
“She’ll be fine son,” Brian said, patting me reassuringly on the shoulder. “Absolutely fine, I promise.”
“So, where’ve they gone? How did they just vanish like that? Can you two do that?”
“To Elsa’s house. I wondered who she was making that bedroom up for. That’s all she seems to have done recently. Elsa will be making sure she gets enough rest. You’ll be able to visit her in a few days if you like. By that time all earthly aliments will be gone forever,” Rose explained. 
“Well that’s a relief. I was worried she may be stuck that way forever for some strange reason,” I confessed. We headed back home, Brian saying it was good manners to leave them to their reunion in peace. 
“That was a singularly odd experience,” I thought out loud. 
“It’s a great deal to take in,” Rose admitted. Elsa made them vanish. I don’t understand how she does it, neither does she. As far as I’m aware it’s only happened once before under very specific circumstances. We can’t do it, but Elsa’s been here for a long time now we must remember, and as I told you at the island on your first night, things would become very boring very quickly were great gifts so easy to come by.”
“So you did. Yes, I remember it well. Well I shall look forward to meeting Aida later if I’m still here,” I admitted truthfully. “Why didn’t Elsa tell us she was expecting her mother?”
“I should imagine she couldn’t be sure it was going to be her. It’s not always who you think it is, but always a beautiful surprise all the same. Gran probably didn’t want to get anyone’s hopes up, let alone hers.”

Chapter 13

Two weeks later I sat patiently at Elsa’s magical island. I’d visited every night at twilight during my three week stay. Those magnificent moons began their magical dance again. Their amazing show was still just as spectacular and had been added to, yet tonight it failed to lift my mood. I became distracted and increasingly worried for the future. Despite the company of marvellous hosts, for the first time ever I felt alone. I believe this is why I dreamt that night. I dreamt I was safely back at home, fast asleep. Fast asleep before any of this uncontrollable madness happened. Long before the arrival of Ian and long before I’d been forced to face the stark, disturbing fact we were not alone in this universe. It was an exceedingly deep sleep too; the kind that normally leaves one refreshed and rational. 
Ian woke me, jabbering incessantly. Ignoring him proved useless. Warm covers were removed involuntarily and discarded against the far wall in a most disorderly manner. I glanced at the bedside alarm clock - two twenty two precisely. The workshy fob wouldn’t grant me a moment’s peace. Must sleep, so tired. Damn him! His words were garbled, earnest, awfully mixed up and terribly faint as if a trillion universes away. I would find no rest here, so I struggled downstairs in a daze. In our hallway I glanced at the thermometer, which soared to ten degrees. 
Outside our front door rising warmth vanished, turning the world cold and sinister. Way beyond the garden lay a horribly pale horizon, sitting cold and malignant in the background. Stretching far off into the distance swirled a tunnel, warping, twisting and spitting spitefully. Everywhere else a disquieting dead silence prevailed. The door swung shut behind me with a decisive click, followed by whistling wind and the far off rushing of waters one hears at the entrance to a seaside shell. 
Then came the muffled voice again, bursting out the hazy, evil twilight, louder than before, but no clearer. It was Ian alright, the damn fool. What was this crazy nonsense, and why the devil didn’t he put an end to his foolish charade? Now the noise swept from the back of the house, stopping as soon as I went round.
Behind our home in the year 1920 there sat a small outbuilding; a crusty, ancient structure well past its prime. Lord knows what still held it together. Memories father used to joke. In its place lay a dilapidated well, equally as broken, it’s once proud structure sorely stained and neglected. Things couldn’t get much stranger. From deep within the wells pitch black darkness Ian’s shrill voice pierced shadows with increased urgency. ‘Sam...out...stop it...not funn...beg...remember that...night...time is...she will...’ Each word echoed dully off the dirty walls as it rose, only to frustratingly merge in with the next. His voice looped endlessly. I kicked the stone in sheer frustration. Three small ornaments fell from on top the structure, which weren’t there before. 
The first, a classic ghost lay flat at my feet. If the treacherous moon here could be trusted I judged it pointed almost south. The second a gnome no less, a fraction smaller than the spectre lay on its side. His pointy cap lay at angle of ninety degrees to the right. The third article landed right way up squarely between the other two. My word - a miniature replica of the angel placed in the middle of the town square! What intrigued me more was the fact her harp worked. 
What in the name of Satan’s bed fellows was one supposed to make of these? I lifted the angel aloft when all noise stopped dead. Besides its sharp detail there wasn’t anything special about it. No compartments lay secreted in the bottom, nor helpful words. No, that would have been far too straight forward. 
Finally I’d had enough. This, everything, my life so far, the whole darn scenario had finally reached the height of ludicrousness. I marched back to the front door which swung open in a rush of wind. While passing through the gap the wooden door closed haughtily on my clenched fist, leaving a minor injury. More importantly the angel had been crushed into a cloud of useless white dust. 
I lay awake a while. feeling my thumb throbbing weakly. I was surprised to see a bruise forming. This wasn’t home, it couldn’t be. It was just me wishful thinking again. Finally I rose once again and started a wild crusade, checking round the house in a frenzy, searching for the tiniest of clues. Even my precious handkerchief, pencil, jotter and pocket watch were there on my dresser. Nothing seemed out of place. No other living soul was around. And why would there be? After lengthy soul searching, I finally accepted I could do no more. I turned over dejectedly to allow sleep to take me under her ancient spell once more. 
I awoke confused and sweaty. Soft silken covers were now shoved disrespectfully to one side, near the wall. I must have acted out my troubles as I slept. Warming sunlight streamed in fiercely through the window. Yet another perfectly beautiful day. Of course I was still at aunts, where else would one be? I searched the bedside cabinet for a change of clothes, noting I still looked the same in the dresser mirror. Aha, the bruise was still there! This couldn’t be a coincidence. Didn’t Ian declare coincidence a load of old hokum? Brian’s thunderous voice cannoned up the staircase. 
“Sam, rise and shine! Quick lad, James is back!” 
Whirling down the spiral staircase, I caught a blurry view of him. Quite a small man, a lot older than Brian with an oversized, bulbous head and shock of white hair. He wore robes of a devout Buddhist monk, except these were much more flamboyant and colourful, covered with a multitude of symbolic characters and animals. Strangely, no matter where they were placed, none seemed to take precedence over another. A symbol between his shoulder blades showed ouroboros or the Chinese symbol for ying and yang. Purely on looks I should have thought him a profoundly eccentric professor if he were dressed in different attire.
“Aha, Mr Jodhpur I presume. Pleased to meet you,” I cried, stuttering in the middle of ‘Jodhpur’ for some obscure reason while darting into the front room.
“Who? Oh, James is fine. Some call me the three J’s, though those folk are fools!” he giggled.
“I was never good with words, my forte lies with numbers,” I replied, slightly embarrassed.
“Exactly,” he tittered, smiling widely.
“Apologies, I’ve just this minute woken up.”
“Will give you fair warning next time. Sam, isn’t it?” 
I nodded while he twirled round for Rose’s benefit, who was enamoured by his new clothes. 
“I’ve just slipped up from gran’s. The old dear filled me in. Mind you, her mother can’t half talk. In the end I had to sneak out the kitchen window like a common criminal. I dearly wanted to take her delightful little puppy away if only for the night, although I fear it’s too late for the poor girl now.” He nudged Brian, breaking into laughter again. “Now, to business,” he said, calming down a little and finding a seat to his liking. “The problem as I see it is threefold,” he stated firmly, slyly handing Brian something who looked bemused, then highly appreciative. “One, how you got here in the first place. As everyone knows there is generally only one way that can happen. Who sent you on this wild trip? ‘twas most unlikely to be your pal Ian’s doing, otherwise he’d have rescued you long ago. We all know there are all sorts of shady characters out there, but thankfully none of them can penetrate the world you dwell in now. Two, why you are here seems equally as important as the first. Three, which is probably the most important is how can we get you safely out of here? It goes without saying my good man, the third looks to be inextricably linked with the other two at the moment. Now Brian tells me you are able to sleep here. Not only that, it appears you also seem to be refreshed by it, much as one is on earth.” 
“Correct.”
“I must say, most irregular and most enlightening. It seems you are bound fast by some rules, yet not others. For instance, we can recreate our dearest wishes here, whereas you cannot. That suggests much to me. Mmm, should we make a comprehensive list of such possibilities, leaving nothing to chance it should prove simple enough to make a comparison of the two. Every scholar worth his salt knows knowledge is power! Pray, sit with me a while, relax as best you can,” he asked, politely offering up a wicker chair opposite. “Try to think back, not with emotion as that can sometimes cloud ones judgement. Use the part of your mind that deals solely with common sense issues and speak from that angle only.” 
“Jolly James the psychiatrist. You’ve kept this quiet long enough. Been away on a course have you?” Rose joked.
“Please madam, wait your turn! Now, as I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted, think back from the very moment you arrived here and met your aunt. What was different?”
“I could touch, feel, run as if I were solid and back on earth. I can rhyme, reason, move some objects, sleep, smell, sweat, draw, I can dream, eat...”
“Hold on there young Sam, you can what?” he interrupted in astonishment.
“Er, I can dream?” I repeated slowly, not sure whether I was guilty of some crime.
“You can dream! Why wasn’t told of this?!” he said, turning to Brian who threw up his hands in complete submission, admitting he knew nothing of it either.
“’twas only this morning I knew myself,” I confessed. 
“Oh, well fair enough,” James agreed, realising he hadn’t been misled. “This case is far more complex than I first realised,” he mused, holding his finger beneath his nose and looking at the ground for a time.
“I do wish everyone wouldn’t keep saying that.” 
“No matter Sam, it will make solving it all the more satisfying. You have some of the finest minds known to humanity at your disposal here, as well as your uncle,” he quipped, looking out the corner of his eye in his direction and pursing his lips, whilst touching me reassuringly on the shoulder. Brian pushed his tongue against the corner of his cheek, looked away for a moment, tried to ward off a large smile and asked in a cracked voice, “But what of the dream James, it seems to be of some significance.”
“It is of the utmost significance. Sam is going to tell me all about it.”
“Well I was back at home, asleep.”
“Asleep, marvellous.”
“Er, yes, Ian was his usual childish self...”
The rest of my tale was told exactly as related earlier from the moment I fell asleep back on earth.
“These imps at the waterfall Sam, describe them.”
“Have never seen them, just witnessed the effects.”
“Shame, if we had we may surmise what their playful game was, and what sort of power they may possess.”
“Of course Sam, you do realise that you are most assuredly asleep right now dreaming, that the second dream started when you chose to fall asleep by the waterfall, that the third dream state you entered this morning was the third dream within a dream?”
“Er, I suppose. I’ve never really thought about it as deeply as that before.”
“No, you wouldn’t, they wouldn’t, they don’t. It’s normally the outsider that has to step in and sort out all the complicated matters afterwards.”
“You sound a trifle envious James,” Brian remarked shrewdly.
“I most certainly am. For despite having studied dreams for most of my life, never have I come across one so complex and lucid. As Holmes himself would say – A most singular case. Intriguing on so many levels. One of the reasons why I became so interested in this subject was that I rarely dreamt myself, so have been living vicariously off others experience’s ever since. First I wanted to find out why I didn’t dream much, why others did, and if there were explainable reasons for this.”
“And did you?”
“Unfortunately not, no, but I will. That is my mission. James Jodphur will not fail,” he said with absolute conviction.
“Where do you think I am now?”
“Good heavens boy, where do you think you are!?” he asked, chortling away.
“Er, no, I mean where is my body now?”
“Oh, I see - in the forest, by the waterfall. Laid out on that rock you spoke of.”
“Are you sure?” I asked nervously.
“Most certainly. That my young friend is the key to how you got here, but unfortunately is not the way back. A one way trip I’m afraid. You can’t just go back to the cave of echoes, even if you were able to work out how to and expect to come and go as you please. Our universe as I know it simply doesn’t work that way.”
“Cave of echoes?”
“A provisional name. Time I spent in there convinced me it was where all memories and learning from all earths’ inhabitants are held, to be accessed by the knowledgeable few.”
“How on earth did I get to the woods in the first place? I was definitely asleep at home when the whole thing started.” 
“Ah, the possibilities are endless my child. You may have simply sleepwalked through stress. Seems to me you take work far too seriously and don’t have many other outlets, say in the way of hobbies. At the moment there are other considerations. For instance, I distinctly remember your good pal Ian saying dirty work is afoot earlier, specifically mentioning Parson’s Farm.” 
“And just where is Ian in all this?” Rose inquired.
“Exactly where I’d be. Standing by his side, watching over him. You have your very own guardian angel Sam. For the moment your physical body is quite safe. Though as Brian rightly said, that cannot possibly last forever.”
“Are you absolutely sure?”
“I would bet my life on it, if you pardon the choice of expression,” he gagged. “Unlike a lot of other folk, I put a great deal of thought into what I say long before I say it. I refuse to jump to conclusions unnecessarily early, always checking each fact individually for merit before discarding it.”
I probably still looked worried because Rose and Brian said, “If James thinks it is so, then it is so. We’ve never known him to be wrong in forty years.”
“Well thank you James, I feel much relieved.”
“No problem,” he nodded sagely, with much enthusiasm. “Now, this Ian fellow, I should very much like to meet him.”
“So would I,” I mused.
“Yes, it does seem a little strange he will not show himself to you. Of course it may well turn out that to see him in his true form may harm you in some way. I arrived at the firm conclusion long ago that nothing physical can penetrate this place unless a higher power allows it, so it’s not surprising he had to contact you in this way. And we can be sure he sent you that dream in yet another way. You recall the temperature in your hallway the day enigmatic Ian first sprang into your life? Ten degrees? And ‘twas the same in your dream? It sounds like he needs this temperature to manifest himself in our world. This cannot be coincidence. Folk have hung for far less. I’ll wager he’s far more powerful than he lets on as well. Judging from your experiences it wouldn’t surprise me if he could manipulate weather should he fancy. And one simply does not travel at will around the universe and choose earth as a holiday destination, so obviously Ian is up to something far more complex than petty meddling on earth, if only we knew what. Sam, when we meet here again I shall tell you, or you shall tell me.”
“That may be a very long time, I hope.”
“For you, not for us.”
“Then it’s settled. The game is on.”
“It most certainly is,” James agreed, looking deeply into my eyes, clasping my hand and shaking it vigorously. “In the meantime, we shall work these clues together. By together I mean me, by myself, with not a lot of help from anyone else!”
“What clues?” we all cried, smiling gaily.
“Er, the blatant ones. Keep up everyone, and you thought I was joking then!” The japer turned to Brian politely. “May I?” 
Brian happily gave up his grand chair nearest the window to join Rose on the sofa. As he passed me he whispered, “Fancies himself a Victorian detective. Likes to sit at a certain angle while figuring out problems. Says sunlight beams directly into the brain, sends him secret coded messages, helps him work on a higher plane and transports him to a different land. Cloud cuckoo land more like!” he suggested, moving his finger in circles around one side of his head.
“I am much better than that my fine fellow. The famous detective you speak of was based on me and me alone. The only major difference being I actually like people.”
“That’s possible,” Brian said, scrunching his face up, but taking it for truth all the same.
In due course James settled. Having plumped fine velvet cushions up just to his liking he proceeded to give his verdict with the conviction of God himself. One couldn’t help noticing his fingers drummed the side of the seat rhythmically, as if his thoughts were steadily getting in tune with his bodily functions in order to maximize efficiency. 
“Our first major clue seems to be when you arrived. Apart from the restraints and the odd scratching noise you reported in the cave of echoes, our experiences match, though when you pass for real the experience is likely to be quite different. The inscription on the plaque seems an odd mix if indeed it is Latin. Perhaps it will turn out to be ancient, a new language, a code, or maybe a peculiar mix of all three. Don’t discount it may have served as a hypnotic suggestion designed to keep you there. It’s also quite possible it’s a red herring. Sam, if one were to translate it word for word, the phrase would be: ‘Verily ye wisdome ford ye to occupy me.’ Not: ‘Bye ye wisdome shalle ye knowe me.’ I’m sure you’ll agree our interpretations are a little different. The second clue is that gnome you met when you left the cave. There was no gnome when we passed through. I have my suspicions about that fellow Sam. He really gets my gander up that one. And once my gander is up, it’s one hell of a job to get it back down.”
“But he helped me in the bar later with the doorman, remember?”
“I remember alright. Right after he read your mind.”
“When?”
“When he touched your forehead. You admitted it yourself, but gave it no further notice.”
“Now that you mention it, it does seem a trifle odd.”
“A trifle odd? Sam, a fellow who reads thoughts without expressly asking permission first is no different than a heartless blackguard who distracts you whilst his confederate clubs you on the back of the head. A common thief, a nasty little sneak through and through. There’s no distinction between the two as far as I can see. ‘twas a ruse, nothing more. Both characters are as entirely untrustworthy as the other. Though you weren’t to know old chap. That’s how these fellows operate. They seek out the naive, the weak and vulnerable, much as a lion to zebra. For all we know the nasty occurrence in the cave and the gnome outside may well be the work of the same creature. Something scratching at my head says these earth imps weren’t involved this time.”
“Oh? Then what did the gnome want?” 
“We should be thinking more along the lines of what did he or she get, even though that will prove to be the harder of the two to answer. You’d seen him before in another dream long ago. That may prove to be of consequence. I’ll file that away for now. Moving on, we come to our third clue, the ancient door itself. When I arrived at that point many years ago the weird door was sitting directly in the middle of the path, thirty yards from the cave, requiring no lonely wandering or soul searching. That strikes me as very odd indeed. Once again, never forget you are here by an odd series of coincidences, and choices made by all parties involved have grossly distorted the final picture.” 
“Next we’ll move on to what I deem minor points, starting with the so called doorman. You say he assaulted you? He never gave us a second glance. We can discount him as a suspect. Threatened to throw you back down there for a start, presumably meaning back to earth did he? I seriously doubt he had the power. ‘tis obvious the fellow is dull witted, that’s why he’s been there for so long. I believe Gustav is an unhappy pawn, blissfully unaware of his role in this sordid affair. The fact that the fellow masquerading as the gnome was willing to facilitate your run through the bar suggests he was determined you take a certain course, via the only visible exit - the revolving door. Why this should be so is another part of the overall mystery for us to explore. Where this would have taken you at that moment is also of some concern. That séance you interrupted panicked the gathering into sending you by complete accident to a place of safety, directly here where you met your aunt. Those folk were totally unaware what they were doing. Rank amateurs to my mind. The simple truth they didn’t even know where they were themselves tells me that much. Now we have one filthy schemer’s name etched on the top of our sheet; the chameleon, we should waste no more time looking for co conspirators.” Everyone nodded wisely.
“Next one wonders what these shady looking Egyptian fellows were up to. Running from something or someone I should say, or perhaps themselves? These symbols one of them wrote, could you copy them?” I drew them perfectly in chalk on the floor. 
“Nice. And the answer to their request?”
“Three symbols formed. I can only recall the first. Sorry, there was a hell of a lot of smoke.”
“I see, understandable. Write it down anyway over there, at the top of the drawing. Don’t worry about it for the moment, it’s not always easy to retain sober facts in the midst of a crisis. But the smoke you saw, ‘twas definitely blue?” he pressed.
“That much I do recall.”
A few quiet minutes passed. “’tis no ancient language I’ve come across before I’m sad to say, and I’ve studied a few. ‘tis most likely to be what some uneducated folk call a portal spell, basic, but effective enough.”
“A spell? I didn’t know you were into that type of thing,” Rose exclaimed. 
“That and a thousand other subjects. Have never seen a spell cast successfully on earth, but I’ve studied reams of text concerning them. It’s amazing just how interconnected these particular supernatural subjects become. The more you study them, the more there seems to be to discover. Sadly Sam cannot repeat the words used, not being versed in ancient Egyptian, which is no one’s fault. So we’ll put that one away for the moment too, file it alongside the nimble fingered chameleon. No doubt if we leave them alone together for long enough, they’ll become bosom buddies,” James chortled. “Watch out for those chaps Sam, I have the uncanny feeling you’ll bump into them again before the show ends. Feels to me this may just be the beginning of your strange experiences, though that is just a feeling, and I prefer to work with cold hard, facts. If they are unwilling to help, you must use everything in your arsenal to persuade them to do so. I fear your continued survival may depend on it.”
“But how? I can’t even speak their language.”
“Oh, you’ll find a way Sam, I’m sure of it. I’ll help all I can.”
“Looking back you also mentioned the clock on the wall above the bar. Three thirty three. I recall it stopped at twelve when I breezed through. Definitely three thirty three and definitely still moving?”
“’twas three thirty three all right, but I couldn’t say whether it was still working.”
“I see, that’s fine. Then your latest dream. The clock read two twenty two? 
“Correct.” 
“Then outside, the numbers changed again back to three, three, three. The position the three ornaments fell in spelt it out. When you picked up the third all noise stopped. Sounds like you had the right idea there. He’s helped us out far more than I first thought. Please tell him I should like to shake his hand.”
“Who, er Ian? Will do.”
“Not one of you sees the significance of the numbers eh? I’m surprised at you Sam, a mathematician I hear. But you were asleep I suppose.”
I bit my bottom lip. I still didn’t fully understand. It was patently obvious not one of us did. 
“’tis a blatant clue exactly as I said earlier,” James reemphasized. 
“There’s one more thing, my pocket watch is missing. ‘tis most annoying, for its a family heirloom.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t give that a second thought young fellow,” he answered bluntly. “I must say Sam, all said you seem to be taking all this remarkably calmly.”
“Seems I’ve little choice at present.”
“Don’t worry of the future, your situation shall change before long. Granted, there’s an awful lot of information to digest at one sitting, but we always find the air clears soon enough. Yes Sam, things will look up after a little more thought. And if you think of anything else no matter how small, drop by any time. Can’t stop for tea Rose, must rush, promised Mary I’d help with her costume. Wait till she hears all this. My, my,” he said, picking up his stack of notes and wiggling them about in the air for all and sundry. “I’ll get right on it. Never fear friends,” he promised, turning to Brian excitedly. “Bye, bye, keep in touch, all of you.” 
“Brilliant, just brilliant!” he muttered under his breath. In a flash he was gone, picking up his trailing coat tails and hurrying down the winding woodland path. 
“James truly loves all this doesn’t he?” I remarked, frightfully amused.
“Every minute,” Brian admitted gamely.

Chapter 14

Several wonderful days passed which were spent exploring, eagerly attempting to map the area. I always like to gain a good understanding of prominent landmarks for future reference. Back home it made me feel a little safer. One never knows when the lie of the land may prove useful. Moonlit nights were mostly spent gawping in awe at the island, making mental notes and trying to make out new constellations under strange stars. Then early one morning came the invite, thrown neatly through the open sitting room window by a passing young boy, who had a far more important engagement. 
“Am meeting Henry, see you later,” he said, speeding off up the track.
“Who’s Henry?” I asked Rose. 
“Oh, er... Henry the tree. Henry the hazelnut tree,” she coughed.
“Henry the Tree? And he chats to him as if he were real?” I said, much amused. “Surely that boy has a fine imagination. We could make a promising writer out of him.”
“Apparently so. I’ve never heard Henry talking when I’ve been there, but stranger things have happened,” she declared, pointing at me, herself and the magical world.
“True,” I agreed, picking up the rolled note tied neatly with a dainty red ribbon.
We were cordially invited to celebrate my favourite aunts great, great grandmother’s mother’s ‘first day.’ ‘First day’ meaning the day she became fully aware and conscious of her new existence. The first few days didn’t count, because she remained asleep for most of them. 
When we arrived I found her transformation incredible. Aida was alive in practically every sense of the word and spoke with such depth, lucidity and passion it was hard to believe this was the same person. Her face had changed too, no glasses for a start. Skin was tighter, plump, and far less wrinkly, suggesting during her slumber she’d been fully hydrated and pumped with nourishing food and vitamins. 
Hair was noticeably straighter and darker. The lady’s back was no longer bent, and she happily sat up straight without pain. I wasn’t currying favour when I remarked her appearance was of a much younger woman, and that it was extremely difficult for me to acknowledge the fact she was one hundred and eight! 
My word Aida could talk! Nonstop, always using energetic gestures to express her astonishment at this fact and that one, this person and the other. Every so often excitement would build up to such a degree she’d leap to her feet and hug everyone, taking them by surprise. 
One couldn’t mistake her family connection on Aunt Rose’s side. Eventually Brian could contain himself no longer. “Hey watch it girl, tea stains you know!” he joked, provoking her to more laughter and more hugs. Talk on her travels here was short and sweet. Apparently she never passed through the same stages as the rest of them. She remembered being in a hospice, feeling a little woozy, then slipping into a dream. Her next memory was our bewildering meeting in the woods. Since then she’d been steadily improving beyond her wildest dreams.
“So you got a by. You probably deserved it,” Brian piped up. 
Our party nodded in agreement, so Brian decided chancing his luck. “So, tell me Aida, who is Danny? Got yourself a younger fancy man I shouldn’t wonder!” 
“I honestly don’t know. I don’t rightly remember knowing anyone by that name, worse luck!” she said, gamely entering into the spirit of things.
“That’s a shame. Looks like I’ll have to start making all the juicy gossip up before long,” he pouted. As much as I cared to stay, a quick check of the clock revealed that time was pressing. 
“Sam, the things I can tell you. Come by later before you go, I’ll give you pointers that will stand you in good stead,” Aida promised amiably. I nodded enthusiastically. One hundred and eight years is an unimaginable amount of time to accumulate useful information, so it would be awfully wise to listen to her. I left the happy little company to it in the end, slipping quietly out the back door, while they giggled like naughty schoolchildren. I had an important engagement to attend. 
For the past week James had schooled me daily, emphasising the importance of my forthcoming trip out of here. Today would be my tenth lesson. After the third tap on James door the happy fellow shouted ‘enter!’ in a deliberately assertive, yet playful manner. 
“Ah ha, there you are Sam!” he cried, moving over to his work space covered with many large maps listing dozens of destinations, some connected with orange ink and accompanying highlighted red stars. 
“Going somewhere James?” 
“You can bet your freshest pair of underpants I am. Will be taking Mary with me this time. ‘tis most enriching to find a partner who shares ones passion for exploration. If you should find such a girl Sam hold on to her with both hands. Frees the soul from doubt you know, knowing ones enthusiasm for a certain topic isn’t boring them. Out there the sand is soft and golden, the water blue and warm, and Mary, bless her, just adores friendly dolphins. This is going to be perfect for the both of us!” he beamed, gazing far off into the distance in contentment, rubbing his hands together vigorously. 
“Sounds amazing James, where is this Lake Titicaaca?” I asked, peering at his map a touch closer. “Ah, ah!” he replied, waggling his fingers. “You’ll find out when you’re supposed to, not a moment before. I’ve agreed to help you get out of here, and that’s exactly what I intend to do. I’m sorry Sam, but if I filled your head with endless stories of entire new worlds, how could I be sure some other piece of key data would not exit? And if that were to happen my young friend, I should never forgive myself.”
“Sam, I get the feeling this will probably be our last full session, so feel free to ask me anything you please, as long as it’s relevant to the situation at hand. And I’ve formed a hypothesis, not yet complete, but a working one nonetheless. Sit down, let me run it by you. Having thought long on this singular matter, here’s where we are so far. Our very good friend the angel who watches over every one of us is a big part of our path into here, and from what I can gather for you the heavenly girl is also a way out. Give me a moment to explain further. Being a mischievous, prying young imp, in your dream you found that the miniature in the garden well had a working instrument. The fact that it was crushed, leaving a lasting bruise suggests its importance. I also imagine someone wanted us to know that in certain circumstances the full version could be coaxed to play.” 
“I’ve studied that magnificent lady much myself, but then Sam, you have access to various other areas we do not. For instance the mysterious hum you spoke of which was present at the midnight walk with Ian on earth and the weird shape shifting door. We cannot hear it, but none of us have had the pleasure of Ian’s company. And that my good man is precisely my point. When Ian took you on that wild walk in the woods, he inadvertently left you with this extra auditory sense, presumably one of many he was born with. ‘tis only a faint shadow of its former self though, explaining why you hear it louder at some times than others. He has already confided in you that being around him has bestowed upon you the great gift of longevity. Perhaps he hasn’t realised this extra souvenir yet. I always like to cover all eventualities, but know this Sam - If we can find a way to accentuate and augment this endowment, even temporarily, then it shall boost your ability to pick up clues that are beyond us.” I agreed, happy things were making a little more sense.
“What I propose is you take yourself off on a journey around town to soak up our atmosphere. True, sounds a bit casual, but I’m counting on a positive outcome to complete a theory I’m currently working through. You see, when a person is by themselves for an extended period free from outside influences, their senses can become vastly more acute. Ascetic’s round the globe swear to this. In the meantime I’ll be trying my best to create a miracle. Over the past two weeks I’ve been attempting to recreate a working miniature musical harp.”
“Sounds like a big undertaking.”
“Things are progressing as projected. I hope to have it with you before the end of the week, with full instructions. The poor fellow will only live long enough to serve his purpose, which is all we need. You see to my mind, our solution lies with sound waves. Much as a singer of a certain pitch may shatter a glass, I attest an exact replica of our angel’s harp will resonate at the precise frequency necessary to produce the desired effect. Bear in mind I cannot predict what that effect will be just yet. However, once the frequency is in the bag, I don’t expect any outcome other than favourable.”
“I can see why folk flock to you for help,” I murmured, much impressed.
“Thank you Sam, ‘tis always great fun when they do too. And just what else were you wondering about?” he asked, catching a strong whiff of uncertainty still tainting the air.
“Why do I keep getting strange tingling sensations in my fingers and tips of my toes?”
“Pins and needles my dear boy,” he answered emphatically. 
“Oh, yes!” I agreed, feeling a tad foolish.
“Now, I have some work here to complete. Love to show you round, but first things first you know.” 
“I’ll leave you to it, will see you nearer the end of the week, and thanks again for the lessons. If they don’t help me get home safely nothing will.”
“Child’s play. It’ll be like you never left!” he assured me.
What a most agreeable chap. I shall always remember him I thought, letting myself out.

Chapter 15

The end of the week drew near. Day time jaunts had produced other unexpected wonders, but I hadn’t seen much success with James’ proposal. On the other hand I had been lucky enough to have spoken to most of the villagers present during my stay. People were naturally polite and clever, seeming uninterested in wealth. Most chose to exist rather modestly, yet could have had castles in the hills if they desired. Many spoke gaily of the untold beauty of their village late at night, warming me to the idea of a midnight jaunt. 
Today was Thursday the 24th of June 1920, eleven pm, though lord knows what date it was back on earth. Rose and Brian had retired for the night. Since there was no fear of fire Rose had opted for candlelight inside, so I stood in the front room marvelling at her striking art work again. One elaborate candelabrum hung in the centre of the room, lighting the place with a warm, friendly glow. 
Strange noises drifted from the garden. I cracked the front door open quietly, finding two medieval torches placed in metal brackets set at either side. One crackled into life to a pungent, resinous smell. Just what I needed! I held it aloft, watching fiery globules drip onto the grass. Thick shrubs rustled and parted behind. “Bah, shucks, caught!” Jacob cried, dashing across the lawn. 
“Gran is waiting to tuck you in!” I called after him. 
“Yeah, see you Sam. Come on Jess.” He took off towards town, melting into the growing darkness. Only rocks plunging into the stream broke the wonderful, dreamy silence. I followed the path slowly, marvelling at mysterious, shadowy shapes created by the burning torch. Soon the thick night air grew lighter, smelling clean, fresh and invigorating. Before I knew it I’d taken the turning off the main path and arrived at the beautiful isle.
Tonight the tiny wooden gate across the small divide lay open, showing a lively group of cute creatures had gathered in a circle just beyond. One stood in the centre on tip toes, rising above the rest. From faint whispering sneaking round the trees I guessed he was finalising plans. His whiskers stiffened as he elegantly bounded backwards. The moment he landed cleanly each half of the circle broke up, slipping left and right and swirling patterns in the grass. The performers whirled faster and faster, while others gracefully leaped over them, shooting sparkling rainbows between the trees. 
“Excellent!” I applauded loudly, hoping for an encore. Instead the gifted troupe formed two parallel columns. I carefully negotiated the gap between them, making sure not to accidentally tread on any of the fragile little fellows. Their path led between two moving bushes. Blinding flashes shook the ground and whooshes of wind swept the trees. My next memory was sitting on the moonlit island, looking out at the silent woods. Ground felt soft and warm, tiny unnameable animals bounded near and a gorgeous firefly briefly lighted on my outstretched hand. I glanced behind, seeing that the glorious isle stretched far off into the distance; way further than it possibly could to an observer across the bridge. If only I had more time!
A rigger’s fog horn sounded down towards the village – mischievous little Jacob still hadn’t made it home. Its faint toot reminded me I had to move on. I still needed sleep as well and had promised to meet James bright and early. When I stepped off the island back onto the bendy village path my torch relit, weirdly lighting tops of the smaller trees. Its soft tones shone a ways into the vegetation at either side, creating a fantastical feeling of unreality to the shimmering woods. 
Presently I arrived at the village entrance. Through the glowing gate all lay dark and quiet. All the torches burst into life one by one in a big circle, just enough to light the square with a dull, welcoming glow. Low murmuring sprung from near the angel figure. I found no known cause, but at the front of the base just below the soil line, I discovered a finely chiselled set of numbers: Fifteen, eleven. Bright blue moonlit streamed through the taller trees behind the guardian. His long beams highlighted the musical instrument resting in her left arm.
My thumb throbbed softly, giving a weirdly strong compulsion to investigate the marvellous harp further. The feeling grew stronger still. Whilst I stood deliberating in the dim light the need grew even more intense. The town clock struck twelve once. I prayed none of the villagers would peer out of their windows to see me clambering all over their golden saviour. Any credibility gained thus far would be destroyed forever. In a flash I’d climbed half way up. Gold proved very slippy, and I ended up clinging frantically to her chest in an embarrassing embrace. 
Fresh winds came calling from far out to sea, shattering my weak grip. I fell to the ground in slow motion, squealing like a startled young girl. My freaky cry resonated shrilly round the square, reverberating with the grating whine of an air raid siren. I scrambled to my knees, expecting bedroom lanterns to light up. Luckily this never happened. 
Whether it was the peculiar tone of my desperate scream resonating through the delicate strings, or the natural undulations of the whispering wind, the harp started playing a haunting tune, as if plucked by ghostly hands. Sadly the noise was louder than mine earlier. These people had been awfully kind, so I had no wish to disturb their sleep or mediation with such childish foolishness. But what was this? The tune continued, yet the strings had stopped vibrating. Soon it became obvious the strange, mounting melody was audible only within my head. 
I’d report this to James tomorrow as agreed. No doubt he’d make far more of it than I could. The hour was late and I could hear the northern sea calling gently. This would have to be my last call. I slipped silently past gran’s house, witnessing a small shape slipping through the front window with the guile of a ninja master. 
I navigated to the beach by moonlight, following a smooth sandy path thick with curious plants that thrived on such powdery manure. From the oceans depths a vast turtle army had sailed ashore.
Right up to the grassy bank legions of blinking eyes shone like fallen stars. Far to the right I noticed a single gap in an otherwise unbroken line – that poor fellow only had one eye! Moonbeams danced across the shells, tracing multi coloured arches that gleamed brilliantly. I strained for mile upon mile, without spying a single speck of unoccupied sand. For a moment the open sea lit up behind the relentless charge. In those dream filled waters floated more, and behind more still. I became so overwhelmed by the incredible scene I felt faint. For quite some time all I heard was the constant churning of soft sand, the delicate plops of millions of eggs being placed carefully in their cradles, and foamy waves lapping gently against the heaving shore.
Jutting out a ways to the left I made out a small wooden quay which lay empty, but seemed very interesting. When I drew near an odd mist formed in swirls of grey and white, quickly covering the length of the deck. Such vaporous haze dissipated, slowly revealing masts of a sleek sailing ship, and a spotless deck shining brilliantly. Her lower hull was gay with mottled weed of the deep and festooned with coloured barnacles dripping with salty odours of ancient sea water, from countless voyages across a million timeless oceans. This magnificent white ship had been built for speed and longevity.
Up on the quay nary a soul could be found. I remembered such a ship from a weird tale in a magazine. An adventurous lighthouse keeper named Basil Elton had taken to the sea on such a fine vessel long ago, and had been dreaming on it ever since. But if the story were true he wasn’t here now, and I had to head back home.
As I passed through the square an urgent hiss darted from James’ back door. 
“Mary and I love watching the turtles on the full moon. At a stretch we can see them from our bedroom window. Every year I tell her we can get a splendid view from down on the beach, but she is worried we may startle them. Well, you know, perhaps next year,” he sighed with a grin. “I saw your little display – most amusing by the way. Quick, tell all.” James seemed delighted at the night’s occurrences, promising to stay up all night thinking it through. 
“That’s it 15, 11 – music! I told you didn’t I? Good boy Sam, I knew you wouldn’t let me down. I can do this, just two more days! See you tomorrow, or rather today, bye.” 
His outside lamp went out with imploding puff, and he’d vanished. I heard a table being knocked over in the dark, then nothing. James was a rare character. I still laugh out loud when thinking of him. 

Chapter 16
'The best things in life
aren’t things'
-Art Buchwald

On awaking I remembered this should be my penultimate day. I’d hardly slept anyway, constantly waking at regular intervals. It would be sad to leave the folk here, but I had a life to lead. 
Floorboards creaked under the sudden onslaught as I bounced out of bed. I threw open the delicate drapes to be greeted by a fabulous new world. As far as the eye could see countryside far and wide was lined with a perfect covering of crisp, delicate snow. 
Thick, glistening icicles a metre long had formed from the gutters. Two fell off in the middle, showing Jacob whizzing past the front garden. The joy on his face as he bumped along the frozen stream showed this was his very first snow. Emitting alternate cries of disappointment and total delight, he attempted to master the intricate details of ice skating in an instant. Jess, his faithful little puppy gambolled along behind, yapping furiously, trying to catch each tiny snowflake before it fell to earth. 
A homely circle of snowmen waited patiently on the front lawn, all complete with carrots stuck in very strange places! A baby squirrel tried climbing the frozen trunk of Rose’s fine olive tree. Failing miserably, he chattered and clicked in frustration, much to the amusement of his boisterous troop of friends. High in the treetops birds whistled and hummed many a merry, searching tune. Their excited calls told all to spread the incredible news - Winter had come to Pine Meadows at last! 
Well, quite a change by all standards. Enormous smiles played across my face as I descended the stairs, wondering what all the fuss was about. Hushed voices were engaged in conspiratorial whispers near the front door. 
“Happy Christmas!” Aunt Rose cried, blowing a rolled up party toy loudly in my face. 
“God... I nearly di..” I blurted out, jumping backwards. Luckily my terrible faux pas was brushed aside. 
“We’ve never celebrated Christmas here before. It was Brian’s idea,” Rose confessed. He was chatting of days gone by last night, when he realised he never did find the time to spend a Christmas day with you, not once.”
“It’s true,” he admitted guiltily. 
“Well, go on give it to him,” Rose whispered, digging him playfully in the ribs.
“Sam I remember you earnestly knocking on my shed door from time to time, eager to see what inventions I may have come up with, whilst I continued deep in my work. Um, a bad case of monomania I suppose it was, though I could have controlled it better. Anyway, those times are gone and I have made you this,” he said, handing me a small worked object. “It’s not much I know, but I hope you’ll accept it in the spirit it is given.” 
“That’s perfectly alright Brian. I understand now more than ever no one in this life is perfect, let alone me,” I laughed. “Of course I’ll accept your gift. ‘tis most generous of you. I promise to treasure it. Er, what is it?” I said finally, turning the article over in my hand. 
“Now that’s the thing,” he said brightening up to his usual pleasant self. “I’m not absolutely sure. I was out in our back garden yesterday basking in the afternoon heat, finishing off a fortieth anniversary present for your aunt - a beautiful piece, when out of the corner of my eye I spied a piece of rare wood lying there on its own. It was set in its own indentation it had made in the grass. It certainly wasn’t there when I first went out, that much I know for sure as I’ve a grand eye for detail. Well, I figured things like this don’t just appear out of thin air for no good reason here. So I picked it up, got the strangest idea to work it on my lathe a little, this way and that, you know, follow your instinct. Then followed the niggling notion to make it into an large round insect of some description at first, a grand ladybird maybe, with working legs and all, then decided against it at the last minute, as it would have required splitting the wood. Instead I contented myself with making the carvings you see here and here, the three little nicks in the sides and finishing off with the long delicate cut down the middle, leaving small gaps at top and bottom. I’ve put a cord to it also, allowing swift access if needed.”
“You can’t fail to see the craftsmanship that went into it too. Thanks again Brian,” I said in admiration.
“Not a problem son, a few minutes careful work. I just hope it will prove of some use to you on the outward journey. If not, it will make a fine souvenir.”
“It will indeed, but how can we be certain I’ll be able to take it out?”
“James is of the opinion you can. He predicts you can take a minimum of two objects out with you, with a possibility of a third.” 
“He hasn’t elaborated on his reasoning yet,” Rose cut in. “He’s left you this precious little harp and a very important little bag as well,” she confessed, handing me a tiny velvet pouch filled with gold angel dust, saying James would explain more later. She stood and stared longer, just quietly looking, puzzling, then slipped into the kitchen followed closely by Brian. “Don’t worry son, I’ll look after her,” he said. I was left standing wondering just what else I was to be presented with, intrigued by quiet dialogue coming from the kitchen. 
“Don’t be so silly Rose, of course it’ll be allowed to leave. He only wants to make us happy, you know that, we all do. Just give it to the boy. What sort of character would he be if he didn’t grant an aunt the liberty to give a gift of her very own choosing to her favourite nephew? You’ve earned the right. Rose, it’s a magnificent present. If I’d been given that when I was his age...” This puzzling talk went on for one minute longer.
“Alright, I shall. You’re right, I know you’re right.” They appeared at the door. Rose looked a tad sheepish, then they both beamed. 
“Rose has rare gift for you,” Brian winked.
“You don’t need to give me any more presents you know, I promise. I already have all one could ever ask for right here.”  
“We understand, but here it is anyway. Keep it till you get back home,” she said, pressing a small note into my hand. I pocketed it with great care. 
“We’re all off to the hall. Today also happens to be the japer’s birthday. You’re welcome to join us if you fancy. We’ll be there till three.” 
“It will be a riot!” Brian added enthusiastically. 
“Thanks, but there’s a few things I really need to finish here first.”
“Okay, have fun!” they said, making off merrily arm in arm towards the beckoning village. 
As said earlier, I’d been awake most of the night thinking. Amongst issues already touched on, I desperately needed some sort of present to leave for uncle and aunt. It had to be something that showed true thought, along with a commitment to their wonderful philosophy. 
I wished I could tell them I’d advise mother they were safe and blissfully happy, that they had a plot already laid out for them here for their home, to be furnished by Brian’s handiwork, but knew I could not make that promise, for I’d already promised silence to Ian earlier. Perhaps I could ask him to bend his rules just once? It had to be worth a try. No, I couldn’t swear to that by any means, but maybe I could hint to it in some way?
So what else could I leave? Here they had everything they needed. Then I had it. Whenever I complained about the increased expense it was costing me to keep him Ian always made throwaway remarks, usually taken from philosophers of old. One in particular stuck in my thoughts: ‘The best things in life aren’t things.’ The kind couple had talked at length about situations they’d dearly liked to have changed when alive. Why the thought never occurred to them to ask yours truly is another of life’s many mysteries. Rare selflessness seemed the answer. This was one task I could do for them. I left a note, placing it on the mantelpiece where uncle lit his pipe after an early evening stroll.

‘To my favourite aunt and uncle,

These past three weeks have proved to be one of the most memorable and happiest times in my entire life. I wish there was some way, indeed any way I could thank you more. Your genuine kindness throughout has been entirely selfless and beyond all compare. Not if I lived for a thousand lifetimes could I dream to be graced with the good fortune of finding a more delightful group of people, nor a more charming place to spend eternity. 
If it pleases you so, it would grant me great pleasure if you would do me the honour of reserving me the enchanting little cottage across from the angelic statue in the square. The week’s retreat I spent there learning with James was most exhilarating. The setting, the whole atmosphere, dare I say demeanour, felt it was truly made for me. When I left I took with me the strangest of feelings that the place was genuinely sad to see me go. I know how funny that sounds! 
Rose. With regards to mother. As you are aware, her only brother was one of the brave that sailed off to the Great War, sadly becoming one of many unfortunate souls that never returned. All mother received as comfort was a brief note via the war office. Even now, whenever anyone mentions him the poor thing retreats to her room for the rest of the day. Father follows her without fail, but always comes back within a few minutes looking sad and defeated. 
I recall her saying she always yearned for a sister, confessing if she’d been lucky enough to choose it would only have been you. All of us know she is more than a little afraid to admit to thinking of matters such as we discussed. The whole life after death debate leaves her dreadfully nervous so. Unfortunately she possesses the temperament that balks at such thoughts, though deep down she’d dearly love to have some sort of closure to finally put her mind at rest. Some of us require certain proof before we can allow ourselves to believe. This I entirely understand. 
It would be extremely difficult, if not impossible for me to convince her of your survival, even if Ian had not sworn me to secrecy earlier. I therefore give my word if I get back home, I will beg him to reconsider. If not, I’m positive he’ll be able to help in some way, by way of a sign, however subtle. The mischievous little chap claims to be the greatest mind on earth. Well rest assured I will call him out. Let him dare deny he owes me this much. 
Brian, I remember you talking of your lifelong friend Thomas Davison, your younger sister and those lost patent documents you hid for safe keeping. Please take it as read your partnership shall continue from across this great divide, as I will hand him those papers personally, with both Thomas and Irene benefiting as was your last wish. 
My next task will be the welfare of Irene. I will track her down, forsaking my spare time if necessary. Before I left the gardener from his lordships manor was talking of a procedure called plant hybridization. If this proves a dead end I will see to it myself. It may take some time, but, mark me - Irene will have her proof. 
Once again, thank you dearly for everything, for sparing no kindness and for brushing aside the many faux pas that I am most likely to have made. Apologies I can do no more than this. 
I am humbled to have been granted a holiday such as this and to have been allowed to spend it with everyone. You say you sometimes see our earth’s moon if you concentrate for long enough and think of us. Every month I shall wait till its full and happily gaze out there too. When it changes colour, no matter how subtle, I will know you are thinking of us too. Till we meet again under this cloudless sky when time stands still. 

Your adoring nephew,
Always,
Sam.’

I’d barely placed the note on the mantelpiece when the brass village clock chimed twelve dully in the distance. Infectious waves of laughter, music and singing drifted past the open front door. There was but a few hours left before I joined them. It was high time I made a move. I’d almost decided what I wanted my last day to turn out like. There was a beginning and an end, that much I was sure of. So I trotted off, quietly chiding myself for not being an artist. Still, memory would suffice. I discovered from an early age if I concentrated on a scene for long enough, it became indelibly etched up there somewhere. 
My first port of call starting a large circle was Jacob’s tree house at the far side of the woods. Leaving the cottage behind, my footsteps broke the top layer of harder snow with a wonderful crunch, revealing beautiful fine powder below that puffed up into the cool air. Halfway there the snow grew deeper, revealing I was first to venture thus far this morn. I trudged further still and over the brow of the hill when a wispy bearded gentleman carrying an expensive polished walking stick walked briskly in my direction. Drawing near he broke the silence with a cheery hallo, breaking snow apart with his stick. “Almost pleasant isn’t it!?”
“Indeed,” I replied, chuckling heartily. Something in his genial manner tickled my fancy. As he passed he nodded knowingly, saying, “Come along now Grace.” Yet no one else was there. I turned, watching him go his merry way. Now and again he’d stop, raising his stick, here and there as if pointing out places of interest to his invisible companion. Even curiouser was the fact he left no footprints. Aunt had told me visitors of a certain disposition were always welcome here, so I stood a while, musing as he grew smaller and smaller. 
In the fresh snow ahead I spied a set of small prints leading off into the trees. A new arrival by my reckoning. Every few metres they’d halt, change direction and restart further on. Some exciting new species of bird was the only explanation I could come up with on such short notice. 
Ten minutes later I reached Henry; a grand old Hazelnut standing at the entrance to the thicker woods, proudly watching over the rest of them. Nothing less than full scale war could have brought that towering leviathan down. At least a century old, he’d far surpassed his natural lifespan. Such a sleeping giant really was a particularly impressive sight in this weather. I entered the wood, hearing a string of creaks from the old fellow that sounded like laughter.
Last up was Elsa’s stunning isle. Still as staggering and just as interesting. There was no show this time though, but something seemed different. I had no idea what. 
Down in the village the clock struck three times, so I made my way quickly to the square, intending to head to the beach after the party. All lay unusually quiet. This was odd. I thrust my head through the town hall door, expecting a big surprise, but the large room lay dark and deserted. A single spluttering silver candelabra revealed the riot planned earlier had gone exactly as intended. Gleaming musical instruments were placed in their positions, complete with music stands for the score. Talented musicians had played Ravel’s Bolero. Shame I missed that one. 
Off to the left sat a large projection screen, and a film projector was positioned at the back. Hanging from heavily decorated rafters right down to the floor swung a massive white sheet declaring: ‘ALL AT PINE MEADOWS WISH THE THREE J’S THE HAPPIEST OF BIRTHDAYS AND AN EVEN HAPPIER RETIREMENT!’ Folk had written their own personal niceties and amusing anecdotes beneath. ‘James Jodphur - ninety three today and still an adorable little child at heart!’ - Probably a sly one from Brian or the japer’s amusing mother! 
‘To our universe’s most tiresome meddler - Remember, I still have those photographs - Stay away from my vegetable patch!’ – All the best, John. 
‘Thanks muchly for the amazing pep talks.’- Andrew. 
‘Thank you for letting me win your special birthday prize Uncle James. Will keep it to myself till needed as promised.’- Jacob, Jess and Henry. One lively character had left a mini series of poems entitled: ‘Jolly James Jodphur - The Naked Truth.’ 

‘All were sitting round the fire busy lightly chatting. 
The atmosphere fully charged, 
yet all was calm and quiet.
In an instant in James barged,
and it turned into a riot!’

‘twas late one tumultuous Friday night, invited to a ball.
As the Japer’s jokes bound around, he thought he knew it all.
When time for speeches came around he feigned a great disaster. 
The first time he made a sound, the hall fell about in laughter.
If you’d seen him then as you see him now, you’d love him ever after!’

‘Once upon a Christmas morn things were looking grim.
All us folk were sickly poor, all weak and deathly trim.
We adore how he trounced all before, so clean and neat and prim.
For from beneath his cloak he produced a poke,
and all were filled to brim!’

‘One desperate day in mid July, our village rife with thunder.
In the working shed our japer sped, his selfless mind asunder.
His ideas were for others, where lesser would have plunder.
Down to his amusing choice of socks, he really is a wonder!’

‘twas party time once again,
Even gran and friends were able.
Into the night they prance, their grace and dignity fable.
James the fellow gave up all to dance,
he ended up through the table!’

‘Finally his earthly time had come, 
most would cry and scream and pout.
Off his bum such a chum, we scarce could do without.
He joyly opened up the door so all could hear about. 
‘Come get these things before bell rings or simply do without!’

Now the time had come to put James’ theory to the test. Out into the square went I, checking pockets nervously. My harp, the velvet bag. Yes, everything I needed was still there. Three twenty five pm. On cue as I gazed into her eyes, the angel’s harp glowed with a blue phosphorescent sheen, increasing in increments of three every minute. That meant ‘twas actually today! Still, he’d only been a day out. James was a genius! 
Now the blue haze became smoke that melted away into the woods. In response to the tiny replica harp being close to its brother there came a grinding, and a marble stairway wound upwards from the front of the angels base, terminating twelve feet above the guardians halo. I felt eager to be off, so flew up there. Half way I took out the tiny harp, pressing the delicate mechanism into action. 
On the third rendition of the repeating tune lasting three minutes, the full sized harp started up at precisely the correct point, turning the piece into an exquisitely beautiful, harmonic number. Singularly peaceful, tranquil and warming, gentle as a summer’s breeze, I imagined lying gazing up dreamily at cloudless skies. Such stirring music told of a journey with a grand, selfless purpose, long before needless greed and suffering. 
More secrets lay hidden in between - Hints of a state before the notion of time, a oneness with everything. A unique passage delving into those long forgotten realms of dream, when even the universe was young. Peace and freedom roamed wild and free and great spirits glided through planets empty valleys, gently caressing unborn souls of plants and trees, whispering them into existence, soothing, nurturing, speaking softly of wondrous beauties they could become. 
For endless aeons they travelled till the cosmos heart beat at last. Faint and faltering at first - an uneven, yet steady beat, then – faster and faster to a mighty, roaring thunder. And at the resonance of the glorious hum even the gods themselves stopped to rejoice, marvelling at the magnificence they had wished. The sun itself was born, granting sentient life to barren planets, and constantly radiating outwards.
I broke out of the captivating trance at exactly three thirty two. Where had everyone gone? The air became cool and still. Across the square soft crystalline flakes tumbled soundlessly. Within moments muddy footprints were replaced with a thin carpet of velvety white fluff. I stepped a little higher. Hearing an exaggerated cough, I swung round and there they were - huddled in a happy little group at the foot of the stairs, gazing up proudly. James smiled broadly and winked knowingly. It was now or never. 
“Quick son, this is your chance!” Brian urged. I waved gaily, climbed, then hesitated. For as pleasant as the feeling was to climb those marble stairs ever onwards, I felt the compelling urge to drink in the intoxicating scene one last time. 
Fresh snow melt trickled down the glistening window pane of my favourite homely cottage across the square. Late afternoon sun sneaked out from behind a cloud, melting all footsteps I’d left behind. Her rich, deepening rays tip toed up the steps, stopping respectfully at each one. And as I turned away, headed into the unknown, somewhere in the far distance I heard the haunting echo of a clock chime for the last time. Three thirty three. This was it! 
A potent poignancy overcame me. I placed my feet carefully on the final step, the very one the suns warming light had just reached. Buzzy, excited feelings tingled through my body restlessly, arching my back. For once in my life I felt truly positive for the future, realising come what may, the glorious sight of this peaceful village and these joyful, beautified faces would remain etched in memory forever.

Chapter 17
‘When you’re going through hell,
keep going’
-Winston Churchill

I’d been warned such a dramatic shift between dimensions wouldn’t be instant, so this interim period should be spent preparing mind and spirit. One couldn’t expect to arrive back on earth instantaneously. James had been quite clear that at first things would be slow. After that lands and dimensions I may visit on my journey home could only get faster and stranger. He stressed to exhaust all avenues of investigation in each area whenever possible, as it would be impossible to go back. 
Training had compromised many areas: Thinking on ones feet, stealth, camouflage, using available terrain to my advantage, how to take in a scene quickly and avoid making wrong decisions. 
Reading subtle clues in a character’s body language, and their possible interpretations came next. This encompassed a whole host of phenomena namely: plants, animals, gaseous, water or fire based and spiritual and electrical life forms. James informed me that contrary to popular belief carbon based life was not the be all and end all. Since his passing he’d found that element made up only a tiny percentage of possible life forms out there. Life could spring from any substance, anywhere in any form.
Aliens were classed as anything that wasn’t human in body or spirit. Therefore all they did was likely to be alien and difficult for me to interpret. For instance human morals could not be relied on with these fellows, for who could say one would not betray you, being unable to grasp the fundamentals of friendship and loyalty? The Jolly Japer clearly delighted in such lessons, the way he paced up and down the floor proving theories - he had such a thirst for knowledge and an innate need to pass it on it inevitably became incredibly infectious. 
“If you fail, I shall fail Sam. And if that were to happen, it shall be because of a wholly unexpected factor outside the realms of our universe itself, not because I didn’t give you all the ammunition you could possibly need.” His learning was staggering. James Jodphur was a rare genius and an extraordinarily loyal friend.
In a blue flash I arrived on solid ground. As predicted I was back to an awkward, spectral form. Night had fallen. All that lit the way ahead was a pale, gibbous moon. I floated nervously just above a large dirt track. To my left lay an enormous cliff. Ground at its sides appeared cracked, crumbly and highly unstable. Despite opportunities afforded by my current state, a flash of intuition warned me to stay clear. My top priority was to find a way back to my body before it was too late.
To my right rose a steep clay bank, beyond which lay black, menacing nothingness. At the foot of said bank stood thin trees, whose trunks grew crooked and twisted. This was hardly what I expected. I moved forward gingerly till striking the top of a rise. 
Thunder roared and lightning flashed, highlighting my vague, bent silhouette against the high sandy banks. Heavy rain followed, passing through me, pounding the muddy ground relentlessly. Dirty brown sand and filthy water pirouetted high into the air. Slamming back down, they created colossal craters passing for giant’s footsteps. Backwash flooded them quickly, oozing out fresh, bubbling mud from deep beneath the surface. Instinctively I shivered violently. Something felt terribly wrong, like my life-force was failing. I continued onwards, hoping for answers. 
Down in that deathly deep gulf all stayed dark and dreary. No rain fell there, only a pale, suspicious mist rising steadily. Up here a raging storm begun again without wind. Lightning flashed once more, showing a log cabin not far ahead. Now rain fell horizontally, attacking the sodden bank. Trees creaked unnervingly under the strain. Creeping closer to the hut I brushed aside grimy webs hanging over the stairs. Up four hewn steps lay a thin veranda, just wide enough for a person to stand and gaze out over the landscape, or for someone to gaze in.
Smoke chugged out the chimney, hanging in the air, gathering into large elliptical clouds that jiggled from side to side. Suddenly a single sooty black puff shot upwards, joined by an extraordinarily malodorous smell. Behind the cabin solid rock reached high into the sky. To my left lay a small garden, bordered by thick bushes. Exploring this area tickled my fancy. There was no room to go behind the cabin, so I contented myself to go over it instead! Tumbling over and over I eventually effected a textbook landing. Aha, over in the far corner was a miniature grey gravestone. Fresh cut exotic flowers poked their heads out a crystal vase at the base. An inscription read: ‘Here lies the mortal remains of Charles Dancer Smythe. Passed quietly as foretold in the season of the Great Spirit, aged thirty and two.’ Written beneath lay: 

‘When we dream, we will find each other.
Love always, 
Jade.’

Apart from a spectacular display of plants and a healthy wooden bench, there sat a small ornamental fountain which had run dry. Cleverly hidden under a bush against the fence line was what had to be an exit! It proved a small, square shaped contraption, no more than a metre across, soundly locked by thick, twisting roots burrowing their way deep underground. This would prove quite a test of my limited spiritual powers. 
I decided to check out the lodge first through the only available window, located low down on its right hand side. Background noise quelled my approach. My training was paying off. Positioned at the far right of the window where the pale moon cared to cast most of its shadows, I took great care to make sure to time quick glances to coincide with intervals between lightning strikes. 
Sitting with her back to the door, warming hands over a crackling fire was a lady, clad in a neat brown shawl. Long tresses of raven black hair tied up in neat lengths reached the floor. I suddenly realised she seemed to be staring deeply into the fire, hardly moving. This was unnatural. Yes, by all regards she was just staring into the flames, waiting for something. Every so often I swore she smiled. Then I had it. Of course, she could see me! This shrewd woman hadn’t been staring idly, but cleverly waiting patiently for that extra flicker of flame that leaps from the fiery belly of blazing coals. If one stares in the same spot for long enough, one can sometimes get a glimpse of what is behind you. This requires intense concentration and faultless discipline.
Here sat an adept at subterfuge, toying with me. Fears attacked me from all sides. Again I felt that nervous feeling that something was very wrong here, so I headed clumsily for the exit. I attempted to connect spiritually with the intricate locks on the entrance. Bah, foiled again. My heart plunged hearing a weathered door thrust open, two light footsteps and the scent of honey blossom. I inhaled deeply, receiving a sense of endless meadows, towering peaks and gay abandon revelling in the joy of life and nature itself. One remarkably cheerful voice floated down the steps.
“Leaving so soon? Shame, I thought we may become friends.”
Seconds later a commanding female presence stood at the garden entrance, peering in.
My word she was indescribably beautiful. No one could have asked for more. 
“You were doing that wrong by the way,” she laughed, noticing my fixed stare, and throwing her locks away from gorgeous emerald eyes. I noted they naturally expressed a distinct sense of openness. This is a rare look some folk are blessed with, giving an air of trustworthiness. 
“Come in Sam. Creeping about in this weather, you’ll catch your death!” she said, sashaying up the stairs. 
So there I sat, watching attentively while she stirred up the fire. Fresh flames highlighted hidden lustres in those elegant locks. Jade would make a perfect spy. Folk would tell her anything. I sat with my hands placed on the knees, eyeing the door unconsciously. 
“There’s no need to be nervous,” Jade purred sweetly, “You followed your instincts, feeling the one that came before, which was why you fled,” she explained in that sumptuous, heavenly voice, pointing at a heap of clothes and a crude mask in the corner. “We had a nice, polite chat. I told her she had no business here, so she left with her tail between her legs.” 
“Oh, introductions. I’m Jade. Welcome Sam.”
“What was Doctor Solomon doing here?” 
“Hush, I can only tell you what you need to survive. That amulet around your neck, do you realise how precious it is?”
“No, yes, no, well a bit, a friend made it for me,” I stuttered, feeling terribly foolish.
“Then it was a deeply clever and especially good friend indeed. If I wore such a rare treasure I should keep it exceedingly well hidden.”
“Are you a spirit?”
“After a fashion.”
“I see, what was it you wanted to discuss?” 
“How to talk to girls,” Jade teased. 
“Why would you want to help me at all?”
“Some of us are like that you know. There is no hidden agenda. We see a like minded soul in distress and we act. My time here is short. I regret I cannot answer many of your questions, but I can tell of things to come, for which fair warning can be given.”
“Come, take my hand,” she offered. Glorious pulses of electricity sped up and down my spine, lodging at the back of my skull.
Jade looked deeply into my eyes, searching for some hidden cue. She could have stared into them for eternity for all I cared. 
“I can tell you that before this is over you will have been tested beyond virtually all on earth. If you fail there will be no sanctuary this time. The moment you truly give up hope will be your last. Fight to the very end. Never surrender!” she cried urgently. “Ah, I see it now - a dark shadow watches over you.”
“Ian?”
“No. That is all.” She stopped abruptly, sitting back heavily. The atmosphere grew quiet.
“Jade, who’s Charles?” 
“My other half,” she sighed.
“This was his house when he lived. I come here once a year to laugh, cry, sing and honour his memory. Imagine my disgust to find his abode sullied with lowly ruffians like her, who’d mindlessly destroyed land he’d tended for centuries.”
“Do you expect him back soon?” I asked quietly.
“Sadly I cannot tell. ‘tis often so with loved ones. A gift such as mine has two sides. He’s been away so much longer than expected. Where he resides now, in a thousand years he has not dreamt. That is the problem.”
“Perhaps this may help?” I said hopefully, pulling the miniature velvet pouch out. Between leaving the village and this moment it had somehow been imprinted with the symbol of ying and yang.
“You’re sure? There’s but a thimbleful there,” the beauty asked doubtfully, gazing longingly at the glittering substance. 
“We’ll share. Father taught me you can take the measure of folk if they treat you well when they have no earthly reason to. Please help yourself,” I offered. 
“Bless you Sam,” Jade murmured. “This precious dust cannot be found or stolen - it has to be given freely without deceit on the receiver’s part, or its powers are nil. I need a mere third,” she confessed, dabbing a touch into a silver chalice. 
“I shall sprinkle it over his grave under a yellow moon and dance amongst the stars,” she laughed, jumping to her feet. “I shall bear his children, each one prettier and quicker than the last,” she swore, dancing round the room. “Soon we shall be together for all eternity. Sam, I shall tell him of you, of my castle on Eikorion, of your gracious gift and selflessness. Now you may join us when you’re ready. Come, take my hand, there is one more.” 
Jade looked deep into my eyes, searching through limitless time and space, speaking softly. 
“Sam, make haste. There isn’t long - though he’ll die before you do.”
The room partly dissolved, leaving vague, ghostly shapes. Morphing amongst furniture swirled a forest, a crystal clear waterfall and a youth wearing thin night wear, lying on a long slab of rock. Around his pale face hung a ghostly grey pallor, tainting his eyes with an unnatural mix of dirty brown and deep, jet black. I hardly recognised the ailing youth as me. 
I watched the scene updating in weird flickering stages, as if certain parts had happened earlier, and others later. Forest animals bounded over two sets of footsteps leading into the clearing, one large, one small and alien. A wide circle around the scene lay green and lush, whereas outside this warming sphere of light hung an oppressive black cloud, swirling ceaselessly. 
Good lord! Just then my eyelids flittered rapidly, my chest rose terribly slowly and my lips turned blue. Through the darkness burst a small golden ball. Instantly the shimmering sphere rushed to my chest and started glowing brightly. Trees bent inwards. All within the circle lost its fabulous sheen. A buzzing droned as the sphere grew rapidly to an enormous size and vanished. In a blink it returned, bursting over my body in cascades of golden sparks. My breathing became regular, but the rest of my body seemed the same. Back to its original size, the ball made a final pass, before hanging in the air above the right shoulder. 
The nightmarish scene faded away as the lodge slipped back into focus. In the charred grate only a few smouldering embers clung desperately to life. Morning had broken. All was calm, dry and quiet. Sadly, beautiful Jade had gone. I made for the escape route immediately, stopping at the sight of the fountain which was now spouting liquid rainbows high into the clean air. I caught a glimpse of my spirit form in the spray, realising its colours flickered uncertainly like a failing bulb. 
Luckily the escape hatch lay open. Deep down in the tight, dark tunnel my amulet glowed dully, just enough to make out the trickle of muddy water running down dank mossy walls and across a sandy floor. I searched vainly for hidden passages by travelling into the sides. This maze meandered up and down in all directions, yielding many false and real dead ends. 
Rounding a steep rise, I floated past an unlit torch embedded in a niche. I grasped it firmly when it spontaneously burst into life. Then there drifted a faint scratching echoing against the walls far to the rear. I continued onwards. The urgent noise increased in volume, accompanied by heavy, excited breathing, like hounds at the start of a hunt. What sort of being made such desperate sounds? 
In panic I dropped the torch, which went out. Stifled by the gloomy atmosphere I panicked further. Walls wobbled, pulsated and moved in faster and faster as I flew onwards. Still the wild scratching drew closer, melded to a fevered rasping, choking, telling of increased excitement and malevolent intent. My pursuer kept pace no matter how fast I went, slowly gaining. I screamed in terror as the entity cackled and laughed insanely close behind. 
I clasped my chest feeling sharp, intense crushing sensations deep inside. Ahead a tiny circle of light pierced the oppressive darkness. Through the tiny hole I flew, exploding outside into a bizarre world. At first I fell helplessly to an unseen floor far below. At least that was what I imagined was happening. After falling endlessly with no reference point with which to ascertain speed and direction, I heard, nay felt a small pressing crunch at my crown, realising only at that instant the sensation of falling made no sense - if anything I’d actually fallen up. 
The small land mass I’d been driven into turned in a series of juddering motions through one hundred and eighty degrees, leaving me still stuck in the same precarious position. Odd, soft, rubbery material wobbled vigorously across its length, like waves on an increasingly violent sea. 
Whilst fixed rigidly in the same place I was sent hurtling at increasing speed towards an endless horizon, till three atmospheric tunnels of light opened up, each blinking constantly before gaining final fullness. Two lay below, one above. At the same moment a transparent morphing blob appeared on top of the lands furthest edge, constantly changing size and phasing in and out of reality, slithering mindlessly this way and that. 
At one point it dropped towards me, taking no heed of the presence of the cosmic vortices that ran horizontally at a horrendous pace. I wondered whether I was in fact moving at all or maybe the sensations were just happening inside my head, because the only real view I had was through my legs. Then the senseless movements of the blob changed, turning towards me again with deadly purpose.
Globules of transparent partially congealed liquid dripped off the glistening thing when the inevitable happened. The incredible force generated by those energies above built up to such a degree that all I could hear was tremendous howls increasing beyond all measure as my spirit spun out of control, sticking me fast in the smallest tunnel. Naught but screaming turmoil was unleashed within. 
Upwards I saw the translucent life form had now gained solidity and changed colour to deep, sooty black. I attempted in vain to reach my golden stash, but was far too late. Now an increasing build up of energy behind spat me out through the horizon in wild showers of super heated sparks and eye watering blurs.
Now the scene before me became deathly deep, booming black. Presently small white flashes lit the area up far and wide, only highlighting random unknown objects. I floated aimlessly around many incomplete ones, whilst others were exceedingly bizarre, alive in some weird sense, exquisitely detailed and throbbing with charged energy from the preceding world. 
When I wondered deeper on the meaning of it all the background flashed to an eye melting brilliant white, a far off screeching gained definiteness, never quite fading away, and dozens of different items were now highlighted in pulsing flashes of black. Shapes of incomprehensible character appeared when this new world turned as blue as a rare new moon. 
Everywhere started rippling crazily. I stared down at my hands, equally thrilled and vexed while millions of tiny square specks of black and grey fizzed angrily, forcing me to a nauseous, debilitating angst. If I’d been able I’d have retched uncontrollably. Instead I chose to concentrate, closing my eyes and opening them three times in quick succession. 
On third glance space cleared back to white and thick black passages snaked from behind, leading in every possible direction. This was when the real confusion truly began. Upon this new board vague shapes and human like figures coalesced at weird angles, still with that terribly unnerving cacophony screeching incessantly, which seemed to drain my spirit and will to continue. For the first time I chose to move towards them, only to discover that curiosity moved them away in equal measure. 
Yet again the environment slipped to a blank nothingness for quite some time. Immeasurably perplexed I finally dared to move again, when this existence built itself up in conjunction with my own movements, perfectly keeping up with me faster and faster, but only in the direction I was currently facing. For if one looked away, then those avenues for potential progress were wiped out and closed permanently. 
Directly behind stayed highlighted, only not quite as bright as ahead, for what reason I will never fathom, as it also seemed return was impossible that way, because from out those infinite depths spewed unwelcome nauseous blackness. Whereas previously there was no atmosphere as such, there now roared deathly cold, and I shivered involuntarily. 
Then the unnerving scratching returned, like dragging nails across a blackboard. This time I couldn’t bear to see my pursuer and immediately used a pinch of powder swinging dangerously from my person. Woe! Far too much spread far too quickly in too much haste in a wide arc all around. 
The moment it left my fingers it spread out further and further, each grain pursuing its own agenda, but working together as a whole, almost as if possessed of a single mind, forming a large, golden ring, yet with dangerous, suggestive gaps left. I fretted it wasn’t enough - the circle was incomplete. Just as fresh energy flow passed between each one of them, the golden ring melded together forming a wide, well rounded barrier, which moved me slowly into the scene at odd angles. Spirits were raised here. This was it! Freedom! All lit up as the ring moved slowly past and it seemed the space, while still unfeasibly large was in no way as limitless as one first imagined, ‘twas only the factor of being granted a limited view. 
None of the wild imaginings of before followed, only frustrated screams of my maddened pursuer as I drifted away from them unhindered. As those screams grew fainter the protective ring dimmed in definitiveness, moving inwards slowly. When reaching my body’s weak outline it shrunk down to a minute point, taking my consciousness with it. 
Extremely difficult to explain further. Will try as best I can. Was asleep, then wasn’t. Was running for my life through our woods, then was standing still, enclosed in perfect serenity. Unfamiliar woods sprang up once more. I would have sworn Ian was there because that tingling sensation ran down the back of my neck, till I discovered an uncomfortable, thick swelling there. I almost threw it off in fear and loathing, till realising ‘twas simply my precious amulet thrown about in the mayhem. Thank god at least that was safe. 
Shadowy trees bent and snapped viciously to the grim tune of a dark shadow moving in from the south. In desperation I ran, throwing down some light, shimmering powder which didn’t glow as before. It’s seemed its powers waned with each use, as does the efficacy of drugs upon the human body. Only a few grains remained and I was blowing hard. I didn’t have the strength to jink left or right. I sorely needed rest. 
My only escape left was a tiny niche in towering rock dead ahead. I strove onwards hopelessly, knowing my failing spirit couldn’t hope to penetrate further than a few metres through solid mass. The sheer emotion of the chase and the accrued momentum of the desperate flight must have served to carry me through, for thankfully it happened. I felt being held back just near the glow of a greenish light, then delivered head over heels on a dull, sandy floor, becoming completely solid again. 
I scrambled forward, discovering all around was dry rock and stone, rising hundreds of feet above. Brilliant, I was trapped, and now I heard heavy breathing and ceaseless snorting as a raging creature forced its way onwards through the wall. If I’d made it, there was little reason to believe it could not. I fell to my knees, feeling the hopelessness of defeat.
Through no fault of my own I’d been thrown on this forsaken plane and been left alone to survive. To have come this far only to be frustrated was the sad story of my entire existence, for now I would unable to fulfil promises, and have no future in our waking world. Would anyone ever find my spiritual remains? Where in God’s name was Ian, and why would he let this happen? What becomes of spirits in these terrible circumstances? And so, in a final act of desperation and defeat I wept bitterly at the ungodly injustice of it all. To be denied liberty at this final hour was cruelty personified. 
There was no heaven for me, only hellish emptiness of infinite space, a mindless slave to a demonic spawn who’d... I barely looked up when that foul snorting increased in ferocity, scarcely registering the gold dust dropping at my side. There was no where left to run, the game was well and truly up. Now there was only one thing left to lose. My spirit had nothing left to give. I gazed through a blur, seeing a red haze forming. My head swam, lolling to and fro maniacally. Perhaps this happened when our end is near? I weakly called aloud all the sacred names of God, begging forgiveness. 
Red turned to blue haze. An ever shifting amorphous black mass hovered closer, becoming denser, coalescing into a form resembling gigantic boar and many others. Although my senses were nearly gone I knew it circled with increasing menace, watching and waiting till the time was right. It was master here and would dispose of me on its own terms. Evidently it didn’t care one bit for the dust that lay by my side, snorting and wailing terribly, threatening bloody vengeance for battles past. Presently the dull golden shimmering faded into nothing. 
Then blinding blurs brought a whiff of centuries of exploding sweat and sand, blotches of dark skin and trailing smudges of white. God almighty, they’d landed plumb on top of the terrible beast! ‘twere only stunned, and in a second it turned to face this new threat and would have run the smaller one through, but for dozens of gleaming flashes of a stubby scimitar from behind. After a terrible moaning and thrashing it was no more. 
I’d laid flat out on the sandy floor by now, with those two familiar Egyptians towered over me. I couldn’t speak yet and was unable to attempt sign language. There was still no exit and the taller of the two still held that dripping dagger tightly, looking around furtively. The excited pair jabbered wildly, roughly pulling me half way to my feet. 
Over at the bubbling, stinking mass piercing screeches of unbridled fury interrupted our meeting as a dark orb of energy flew at me with fantastic speed, grazing my amulet as it soared by, hitting the wall behind with a sound thud and exploding into a thousand sparks that shot up through the cavern high above.  
I sank to my knees again. Now he was of the opinion that I was no threat, and their enemy was also mine, the rather grimy fellow offered his hand to help me to my feet, yet I was still too weak. When this became apparent, he offered tiny sips from a leather flask. I watched curiously as he checked walls fastidiously for hidden switches. Lighter coloured sandstone was given special attention. Evidently he’d been at this game for a long time. Strange, his dogged persistence reminded me of an old nursery rhyme. 
His violent companion had calmed down considerably, sitting with his legs crossed, staring blankly straight ahead - looking into space itself for an answer. His partner wasn’t about to give up so easily. Eventually the hopeful man stopped searching the walls. His face grew grimmer, and he began a new quest for a hidden key or mechanism by tirelessly digging in the shifting sand. 
One had to admire such boundless spirit and tenacity - He’d divided ground up into ever decreasing circles. Presently he drew closer, motioning me to move. “Sansi.” For a moment I feared the terrible beast had been magically reawakened, and glanced fearfully over my shoulder, such was the shock at what happened next. He almost leaped out of his skin, staggering backwards violently into the soft sand.
In a moment he was up, his eyes fixed, unblinking, larger than dinner plates and gleaming like erupting volcanoes. This was the look of a devout zealot that finally came face to face with God himself. ‘twas like he figured if his eyes left me, I may fade away to nothing. He crept closer, pointing at my chest.  “Ekai, ekai!” This doesn’t look good I thought, unnerved by his singular, obsessive curiosity. I shrank back as he approached. My instinctive movement appeared to have registered some dormant etiquette in his psyche as he stooped in respect, repeating intently, “Ekai, ekai!” his friend bowed and tapped his chest. My word, he meant my amulet! I took it off, gladly offering it up. 
He smiled, then grew pale and frustrated. Here he copied my outstretched palms, but his were empty; this was what was made him so sad. Of course, a gift for a gift – ‘twas the standard custom where the solid barter system still ran free. I felt warm knowing folk held such standards, especially given the harsh age he hailed from. 
I felt I needed to explain our situation as best I could. Both fellows watched intently. For myself I feigned sleep, lying flat out, rolling over on to my side, head resting on the back of clasped hands. I rubbed my eyes exaggeratedly and thrust my arms out in front, reminiscent of a horror film. He must have imagined me stark raving mad as I looked ridiculous. 
Then I drew the two of them as best I could in the sand, lying flat out on an ritual Egyptian death slab, with their spirits rising above them. They jabbered for a while in shock and sadness, but it was obvious both understood. I placed my amulet in front of them, tracing the ritual I saw them perform earlier. Before I’d even finished the fellow knew what his part of our bargain would be. That winning, toothless smile returned as he proclaimed:“Sli, sli.” The taller fellow talked with more vigour. There was much pointing at the heavens, through walls, recounting energetic tales of strange lands and increasingly stranger experiences. 
I surmised they’d travelled this way since their death, hunted by strange, nameless things that haunted these other dimensions. Certainly, filth encrusted dress, pale, pitted skin and crude tattoos spoke of thousands of years past. From what I gathered they lived in the age of powerful pharaohs, and were slaves forced to work on pyramids. By realistic sounds made of rock falling it seems the hapless pair met untimely deaths under heavy stone. Perhaps they reasoned they’d angered mighty gods, this being their punishment. Neither of them had realised they were dead and both were now eager to move on to their final destination.
I bowed low, presenting them the rare gift, which they placed on a nearby rock. One prised a ruby red scarab beetle from his own amulet that instantly absorbed into mine. The new construct buzzed loudly like angry bees, sprouted legs and wings and turned to face its master.
The fellow chanted ‘Slaach da mai,’ drawing strange designs in the dusty atmosphere and touching each of us in turn. Instantly the weird creature lighted on his shoulder, humming agreeably. 
Overwhelming happy, the fellow indicated I should ready myself for the final ritual. This began by drawing symbols on floor, chanting, followed by tremendous earthquakes conjuring green pulsing smoke that combined with red dust drawn from deep within the walls.
Then the symbols morphed into a transparent bubble which I stepped inside, watching its hypnotic liquid colours ebb and flow like a gentle sea. Now they took on faster, swirling, clockwise motions, turning the syrupy substance to a light shower. 
Three jarring bumps spaced further apart shot through my chest, jerking me forward. In between starts was the strangest sensation of falling backwards continuously, uncontrollably, but free from fear. Faster, faster and faster. 
Everything happened so quickly I was unable to shield my eyes from the rushing, rising wind that blasted the scene. Between the blurriness of the scenery the wind carried the most peculiar noises I swear whispered my name, willing me to stop. Once I passed one of such enchantment, a mournful, yearning song of the most gorgeous tones, I should have stopped forever. Thankfully, as was the casters intention, I had no control over speed nor direction for the bubble’s integrity held me fast and increased in speed even more, making more alluring visions frustratingly brief. 
At the edges of vision I caught jagged glimpses of a desert island whirling crazily round a bright flashing star. Further down the captivating illusion of an elderly mage, replete with crystal staff sitting atop a high tower. A wooden torch flickering behind oddly lit his long, knee length beard shifting pendulously in the stiff breeze. 
Above formed a decadent golden city complete with inhabitants that waved and beckoned from fabulously high balconies, whilst in courtyards and open grassed spaces gay pipers cast sweet, soft melodies upwards on friendly currents of warm air. Below remained a kaleidoscope of twisting, churning, shimmering colour and a queer chomping sound as the bubble picked up yet more speed. This and more are what came to pass during that fantastical flight. I knew these were but few of the infinite other dimensions, all as tempting as any on earth, only infinitely more beautiful.
I felt another bump when sensations, music and voices increased significantly, petering off in smaller waves till a solid, final bump, when my sight ceased into the blackness of deepest sleep. 

Chapter 18

I came to cold, wet and weak on the slab, being roughly roused by father. While being taken back home on the back of his bumpy old dog cart, he disclosed the talkative postman informed him he’d glimpsed me at the edge of our woods, dressed in bright green from head to toe, beckoning furiously in the early morning mist. Obviously this was totally impossible. Knowing how religiously I kept to a strict timetable, holidays included, father’s suspicions were aroused further discovering my empty chamber. 
I’d been gone at least thirty six hours by then, and if a true friend hadn’t looked after my needs during this vulnerable period I’d have almost certainly succumbed to exposure. Far more prepared folk have died of far less. Once at the forest entrance, father recalled running around wildly, shouting, ‘I have two sons, I have two sons.’ ‘tis most strange how a parent’s brain reacts in times of mortal crisis. 
“This behaviour goes beyond a joke Sam. If your mother ever found out about this she’d never let you out of sight for the rest of her life. I ask nothing this time,” he said, looking gravely disappointed, “But mark me, if anything of this nature ever happens again, I will be asking questions, and a whole lot of them. And I promise you will be answering them.” The bizarre situation was left at that. Nothing more was ever said. Having dried out somewhat, and after devouring a hearty meal I waddled upstairs, lapsing into sound, unbroken sleep, only waking after  twelve hours to the noise of kitchen cupboards rattling incessantly downstairs. 
Everyone had gone to town by now, and on the bed side table lay my handkerchief, pencil, jotter and faithful pocket watch still ticking away and set correctly, which was bizarre, but a big relief. 
When dressing I was delighted to find Rose’s letter still intact. Crass and ridiculous as it sounds I slipped it into the drawer for safe keeping, leaving it untouched for nearly three years. I immediately stormed downstairs, adamant I was to be granted an explanation by fair means or foul, finding a very casual Ian.
“Oh, hello there young fellow. Have been through all the other rooms. Just checking out the kitchen. See, look closely, aha, just as I thought - There lies a nasty splinter on the handle, best be careful, a chap may really hurt himself on that. Yes... suspect I could probably fix that if I’d the mind to. However, was just thinking of...” 
“I’m waiting,” I cried loudly, no longer happy to be distracted by such obvious behaviour.
“I’m sorry,” he said very quickly and softly, after rambling mindlessly. In that instant all he’d subjected me to – the late nights, the broken days, the teasing, the secrets – every single incident flew to mind in vivid, animated colour - everything came to a head and I lost my temper for one of the few times in life. To my shame I confess to have thrown my frustration at the general at him too.
“Sorry won’t work this time Ian,” I shouted truculently. “What I’ve been dragged through requires a whole new vocabulary. This has to be something to do with you.” 
“Er, sorry. But can’t...”
“One claims the sacred ties of friendship,” I argued angrily, pacing the floor and shouting loudly, “But one is no friend at all if one does not trust the other implicitly.” With that outburst he was gone, leaving me sitting at the table, head in hands, sinking deeper and deeper into inconsolable, black depression. Very surprisingly one half hour later he returned, a tad more subdued. There were no words at first, but I knew enough about him to recognise the signs alright. 
“Alright you were correct. I should have told you earlier, but was distracted.”
“Distracted. I see. And this distraction took divine precedence over my well being?”
“No, not exactly. I thought this would have been remedied long ago, but has proved to be far more tiresome that first expected,” he said, sounding like he was put out at having to even think of it.
“I see, now we’re getting somewhere,” I nodded wisely, beginning to sound more like a priggish headmaster disciplining a pupil, than a chancer way out of his depth.
“Was searching,” he confessed, seeming suitably chastened.
“Someone, or something?”
“A soul.” 
“A soul?! Good God in heaven Ian. What the devil have you been up to?”
“A soul that is sought by many others. A rare prize if brought in intact.”
“Ah, ha, I might have guessed – Decorated Sir Ian Peters, a common bounty hunter.”
“This soul has nothing to fear from me. She was once my friend, my pupil, my...” 
“Psh, quite what she’d be doing with the likes of you...” I said, quickly adding: “So what do you plan on doing when, or if you finally catch up with her?”
“I will allow her to find rest.”
“Hang on there, that doesn’t sound a far cry from what other fellows would do to her!”
“There’s a marked difference. Do you realise how deeply she planned this, with what forethought? She deliberately waited till your house was empty, so there was a sufficient period for her to work when you would not be missed, and then she tried to kill you Sam, purely to distract me. I cannot allow her to get away with such despicable, wanton cruelty as that, else where would we be?”
“Yes, I understand that. Presumably there are other factors in this equation?”
“Of course. But I have a marked advantage.”
“Which is?”
“Wouldn’t be much of an advantage if I went round broadcasting it to all and sundry would it?”
“No, I expect not. Please, pray continue,” I said loftily, hoping my personality change wouldn’t become permanent.
“I’m warning you.”
“Yes, I know, heard it all before, the wizard, consequences and all that palaver. Kids stuff,” I said, rudely. 
Ian continued quite frankly, which made a pleasant change. I’ve left the rest of his story for you to take from it what sense you will. 
“Before you ask, she has no name, none that could be translated into English anyhow. May as well call her Fira for now, to keep things clear. When we are young and reach a certain age, we are requested to take an interest in those from neighbouring dimensions who did not have the advantages in life we were lucky enough to enjoy. We did not have the liberty of picking them ourselves, they had to pick us. This particular female had the highly unlucky fortune of being an orphan. I say orphan, of course she had parents as such, only they left as soon as she came to be. No one knows where, nor why. Because of this I truly felt for her Sam. I was blessed with the most delightful childhood and indulged in every whim, so felt compelled before the outset of our ceremonies to request her as my pupil and confidante. Her or no one. I almost drove mother to madness to this very end. Believe me, that is no small task. ‘It is not my place to intervene. Rules are there for good reason,’ she’d smile sweetly. ‘Whatever will be will be.’” 
“That indescribable night our ceremony went exactly as I hoped. As soon as we met I knew we were destined to become greatest of friends. Relations between teacher and gifted pupil progressed extremely rapidly. Our kind mature extremely quickly up to the age of two you see. One of your earth years being equivalent to nine of ours. Then our maturation slows naturally to a crawl. Ours is one of very few in this universe that can achieve this. I have decided recently never to die. Barring very few catastrophes, none of us need to either. All of us are created with what you will come to call the genetic imprint, the extensive memories of our parents and immediate grandparents, though these are capped, buried deep till we reach the age of one, and are revealed at our parents discretion.” 
“As I keep telling you time as a constant is a complete fallacy. It doesn’t flow there as on earth, it isn’t allowed to. We learn to manipulate time for our own benefit and amusement. So unless we desire it there’s no day, no night, no seasons, no weather, no atmosphere, no pain, no death. If we wish to experience our world in a different light, we simply wish it. If I wanted to see what my home planet looked like as a gaseous purple cloud with legs of a baboon, I’d simply change it. Meanwhile if another wished to experiment with weather and mix hail, rain, fog, sunshine, and so on all at the same time they could. The good thing about this is the only limit is our imagination. And just because I wanted to play football with surrounding planets, whilst a friend was using them as giant gobstoppers to impress a younger playmate, neither of us need worry about harming the other, for we make our own reality using a entirely different time frame, and experience it purely in the present. Again, all other residents need not be affected in any way. This is not magic, just a fundamental understanding of ourselves and constituents around us. Because of these singular skills we have remained hidden from the envious eyes of those who would seek only to dominate and destroy.” 
“After our ceremony some choose to live in the past, some only in the present, some in the future. Some beastly show offs make the convoluted choice to live in all three! Don’t ask me to explain that one, for to you it would be as infinitely complicated as it sounds. On earth I fear too many of you live in the past, while not enough choose to live in the present, whilst planning for the future. Well (sighing) that brings me back to, where was I? (pause) ...After the ceremony.” 
The poor little fellow talked with a rare depth of real feeling and showed such innate vulnerability here, it proved far more difficult to feel anywhere near as annoyed as earlier. Consequently the intense anger which was contrary to my nature subsided.
“By the age of one and a half I’d experienced such wonders with her...Sam, I’d have shared, given her anything she wanted, anything she needed – and she likewise. I can’t describe it in any other way - I was her and she was me. You may choose to call it passion, devotion, love, yet it was something far more. I trusted her implicitly, but alas she stole from me one night, from all of us, then fled. Yes, I still can’t quite accept it as true, even after everything that’s passed since. She stole from me while I slept. Information it seems, don’t know exact particulars, how much, let alone why. She knew I was vulnerable while I slept, we all are to some degree. For all our learning we cannot defend ourselves from those we truly care about. My usual automatic blocks failed miserably. As soon as I awoke I knew. I felt it deep inside. My aura, my life force, my very being itself had been damaged. You see we all have three energies at birth. With her went not just important data and trust, but one of mine.” 
“For almost five of your centuries I’ve chased her through corona of a thousand stars, across a million universes, a billion planets, earth being just the latest. She knows well I’m following her, whilst furiously attempting to repair the increasing damage she selfishly leaves behind, for ‘tis my fault - mine alone. I trusted her and must take sole responsibility. I fear her end game seems dangerously vague. Her immediate concern seems to be leaving widespread panic and destruction in her wake. Fira seeks the weak, the defenceless, those creatures, those souls across the endless stars that harbour deep resentment for troubles past. Here she sows seeds of hate - feeds them wild ideas well above their station.” 
“Sam, I can feel your brain exploding. Yes, Fira was the entity who fished young Timmy Bridewell’s corpse living out the river. Fira haunted old man Parsons for two months straight, driving the deeply confused, intemperate fellow to the brink of insanity. Yes, she was also present earlier at what you call the woodland glade, though I thought I’d missed her and yes, it was her that trapped you so dangerously in the dream. Those false awakenings you made a meal of in March – I’m sorry, I was too distracted to put them together till it was too late. That was her testing you to see how malleable your thoughts were.” 
“Please, if my friendship ever meant anything, know that I have never lied, but have kept some truth from you. Sam, I apologise for this, for trusting her, for choosing you, for not acting quicker, everything. I had banked on this being over long, long ago, but didn’t count on her resourcefulness, her willingness to involve you in this sordid affair, yet still her latent flair for subterfuge. I can only ask, no beg. Please, can you ever forgive me?”
“Quite a story. Of course you are forgiven. The problem as I see it was not of your making. And I also apologise for my rudeness earlier. It was unforgivable.”
“We are both sorry Sam.”
“How the devil did she know of that strange, magical place hidden in the woods?”
“Told her didn’t I, along with other ancient legends of earth, including the best conditions to visit, and what may be achieved there spiritually.”
“Mmm, sounds as if she’s taken off on a wild crusade to find her parents,” I mused.
“Sadly that’s probably your heart speaking Sam. I doubt her intentions are as transparent now.” 
“Phew, so what do you figure she’s up to?” 
“Wish I knew,” Ian replied, muttering sadly, “But she needs to be stopped before others catch up with her.”
“Ah, yes, the others.”
“Sam, the whole point of this is she’s currently freely running around your known universe and infinite dimensions with her mind filled with hatred, using many of my skills and my energy. That’s part of my future, not hers. I may have given these had she asked, had she needed them. But the scary thing is although she’s unable to pass this information on to another, given the right conditions a like minded evil could take it from her. This would be no easy feat, but it could be done, eventually. Immediate consequences to her would be eternal damnation. Consequences to us could prove fatal. We remain hidden because of our unique skills. Were such information to leak out, we could only survive in pockets, always on the move, never able to relax, unable to grow in spirit. And remember, many others survival depends only on ours, in the same way every organism on earth is connected, each co dependent on each other to fulfil its potential.” 
“Where is she now?”
“Gone from earth for now it seems, or it appears so. You helped with that. That was her first big mistake for centuries, underestimating you and the intelligence of your friends. She’s fled again, the trails gone cold for now.”
“Surely your parents, the other residents of your planet could have sorted this all out long ago? Seems they can do pretty much as they please.”
“Have talked to them at length. This time we don’t see eye to eye. Not wishing to get involved further than is strictly necessary our elder members engaged the talents of those known as watchers, one time pets, but, to put it crudely, glorified bounty hunters. Even the true Elders remain resolute. We cannot be seen to condone violence, physical or mental, let alone possible murder, no matter the cost. It is inconceivable for them to undertake such a task. It may drain their  very souls.”
“But this dangerous energy you speak of – she stole your life force?”
“Of course. And once more, I’d gladly have given it to her had she genuinely needed it.”
“But yet without it you still seem... Ah!” I jumped, suddenly remembering. It hadn’t escaped my notice over the last two months that occasionally Ian would stop mid sentence, become distracted for a time, only to start talking again exactly where he left off. ‘twas almost like when talking over the phone and from conservation you gain the uncanny notion a person’s staring out the window, tired after a long day or otherwise engrossed in a newspaper. This behaviour was sometimes a bit of a relief considering how so many of his rants would tail off into how he’d run the country ‘with freedom for all’ and how many pies the king ate for lunch. ‘Eight Sam eight! Does anyone really need to eat eight pies? I think not. There’s no need for it. No need at all.’ Hearing this story certainly explained why Ian was growing odder. Even his silly jokes made less sense.
“I never claimed to be perfect, if that’s what you’re getting at,” he said, picking up my thoughts. This was something entirely new. “How long have you been able to do 
that?”
“Do what?” There was that far away voice again. This is all getting a little too rich for my blood I reflected, worried about privacy. Having told Ian about the note left for aunt and uncle he offered help. Brian’s part he’d leave to me, as it all seemed fairly straightforward and didn’t require adult supervision, while dealing with Rose’s side himself, citing ‘plausible deniability’ as the main overriding factor. I may have to wait a little, which was fine. His promise was enough for me.
‘twas then I told all that had happened during my enforced holiday. Two hours passed.
“I see Sam. I thought better of you, missing most of the blatant clues,” he sighed dolefully.
“What clues?”
Why the barefaced number clues for a start. The significance of three three three for one. Tsk, mind of a mathematician, brain of a tadpole. Lucky for you James was around.”
“Sorry to disappoint you, but there was the confusion of the three twos to deal with also.”
“No there wasn’t! Come on, you don’t expect me to believe that! The three twos were of no importance, they were simply me warming up. Wise up! How easy do you think it is to influence people’s dreams during such deep, unnatural sleep?”
“I don’t know, I confess I’ve never tried.”
“Nor had I till faced with no alternative. The meaning of the numbers was, surprise surprise; threefold. I have told you over and over again I disliked the human obsession with time. I hoped you may realise it was really me contacting you and you may recall telling me of your false awakenings, how the same number kept cropping up three times before you awoke for real. That was her accidentally prophesising how important these numbers would prove later. Putting the two incidents together in context should have been straightforward enough.” 
“I told you, had you been listening, rather than drawing crude maps and making friends with weird creatures that your awakenings had been a dry run for her, seeing how easily it would be for her to manipulate you when you slept. Useless asking me to explain it, but being privy to her nature, not only was this your ticket out of there, there would also be a total of nine different stages for you to pass through, three, three, three. So I was trying to give you hope. After all, you’d already cleared three.”
“But there was actually ten. So you slipped up there didn’t you?” I said smartly.
“Pointless trying to second guess me Sam - There was nine. That unexpected visit to your relatives obviously wasn’t part of her nefarious plan.”
“Okay, I get the message. Er, perhaps this sounds a little hollow, considering how thoughtlessly I acted earlier, but thanks for looking after me. Jade showed me a glimpse.”
“Least I could do, though even I started to tire. I directed every scrap of my power straight to your brain to keep you thinking during your visions, which was why your body was failing. Sam, the sheer amount of energy it takes to keep a human alive is astounding. Mark me; each and every one of you is a walking bomb.”
“Yes, it looked far from straightforward,” I said reflectively, asking, “Is that what you really look like?”
“In certain situations. Of course you can never gain an accurate picture of me from that perspective. A seer’s view of one such as I is coloured by so many different shades, and shades between shades. The physical distance involved is a large factor, the mental expanse even greater. The mental acuity of the subject involved, along with the natural talent and training of the seer are all mitigating factors towards the subjective quality of the whole experience too. Seems the fine lady can crudely contract and dilate time. All in all I’d say the girl did quite well, considering circumstances and limited mental capacity of her subject. Such skills aren’t just given away. I never guessed she was there either. Mind you I was very busy and her intentions were pure.” 
Ian paused here for a time, making out he was thinking deeply. “Yes, I think I would very much like to meet Jade.”
“I bet you would. Honestly Ian, you need help.”
“Well that may be so, but on this subject I believe it would be proof of insanity to take it!”
“So how is a medium able to perform such feats?”
“Jade is a seer Sam, not a medium. A seer is able to see ones past, present and future, whilst a medium is able to converse with the dead. Look it up if you like. I’ll wait here while you fetch your precious, vastly outdated encyclopaedia.”
“Don’t think I’ll bother,” I said, knowing far better by now.
“Learning at last eh?”
“Tsk, and thanks for leaving Brian the amulet. How you did that is perhaps the biggest mystery.”
“Wasn’t me.”
“Surely?”
“I think I know my own actions Sam.”
“Okay, then one can only wonder who did,” I said, drifting off into other realms for a second.
“So what of the well?” 
“Another one you couldn’t figure eh? Sam, I had no idea whether I was getting through to you at all, where you were mentally, nor what was truly happening. I could just work out when you were going through times of great stress by following rapid eye movements. During the time you told me you were visiting your relatives, it looked like you were deeply sleeping as normal. Even the occasional smile crossed your ugly face. All was well on earth apart from the telling fact you were in the middle of a forest wearing very thin pyjamas, on two of the coldest nights of the year. You ask me of the well? Sure you don’t want to think that one through again?” (Pause.) “No ideas? Tsk, typical. To most educated folk a well represents life itself, water see? So the fact that I spoke to you from the depths of the well where water itself lies should have reemphasised the importance of heeding my words. Though then again, you were asleep I suppose.”
“Shame I couldn’t put your words together.” 
“Perfectly simple, as are you at times.”
“It certainly seems as much. You’re dying to tell me aren’t you Einstein? If you’re waiting for me to suck up to you, you’ll be waiting for a hell of a long time.”
“Not at all. ‘twas: ‘Sam get out of there now. This whole thing has gone far enough. It’s not funny anymore. I beg you remember that Friday night, time is short, she will not give up.’”
“Sam get out of there? What did you think I’d be trying to do whilst lying unconscious in the middle of a bitterly cold forest - Booking a weekend’s retreat apple picking in sunny cider country!? Honestly.”
“Originally I thought you were faking, being rather unsporting and trying to pay me back for amusing jokes I played in the past.”
“Seriously, you thought I was shamming?” 
“For a second, yes, till I checked your vital signs and realised this was something far more serious. So then I asked you to recall that Friday night, when you saw things you weren’t supposed to - recall that night and try to work out what was real and what wasn’t. Knowing these three items would be stuck in your mind, ghost, gnome and angel, I told you to take them and what to do with them for time as far as you were concerned was short. Needless to say the ghost was you and the gnome Fira, who was using that form for herself from one of your dreams. James’ reasoning was correct about the positioning they fell in too you know 3,3,3, and that the angel was the crucial one.”
“I tried taking it, but well you know the rest.”
“Well I didn’t mean literally. I meant take them in upstairs in your mind, remember and understand them, then use them to free yourself. Obviously you couldn’t have taken the model angel out of there, it only existed as a figment of your imagination. Honestly, it’s a wonder you even survived at all, you must have been playing around like a right twonk!” 
“Alright, I don’t think enough time has passed to allow for jokes about this thank you. And the bruise?”
“To remind you of the angel and that you were still very much alive and mortal. And lucky it worked wasn’t it? Needs must.”
“How was it the entire message seemed to be one part of a flowing whole if these communications took place at different times?”
“Bound to be some sort of disparity with the mind bending concept of differing realities between dimensions. We mustn’t forget realities between them either. The difference between where you and I are mentally is an entirely different reality anyway, with vastly differing rules. It sounded to you as if I were a million light years away from you because I was. You were unnaturally unconscious also, see? I had to attempt to breach these countless realities in turn, rather like you like to place work files into strict alphabetical order. And like you, manually flicking through an unsorted warehouse full of cabinets overflowing with data becomes all consuming and equally frustrating after a while, see? It’s possible many other creatures wrongly received that very same message if they were dreaming also. ‘tis also possible some of the more friendly ones I contacted for back up passed it on correctly, only at differing intervals. See?”
“I think I grasp the essence of it all,” I said, if only to stop his convoluted explanation. I had read little on space/time theory, advanced quantum physics or whatever it was he was trying to explain just then.
“Finally Sam, thank the lord.” “There’s one more possibility...” he said, trailing off again, then he was gone.

Chapter 19

Late June melted into a stifling early July. Tuesday the sixth to be more specific. In our reality life in the Johnson household settled down, going on pretty much as normal. Ian was still here now and then as he fancied, whenever he felt the need to use me as a sounding board for outlandish theories, ridiculously farfetched stories and silly jokes. 
Father had been working many extra hours, hinting he was out having oodles of fun with old friends, but I knew ‘twas so he could purchase the family a single gift each for the festive period. I was on my way to work, when who should return? One who nobly knighted himself the king of kings. Not even bothering to say hello, he piped up with, “I’ve been thinking. This James fellow, I should very much like to meet him.”
“That can be arranged,” I smiled, surprised with my new found gallows humour.
“Crude jokes simply don’t suit you Sam.” 
“Never claimed they did.”
“Never said you did,” Ian replied, saying, “Oh, this is tiresome.”
“You started it all.”
“Didn’t.”
“Did so.”
“Did not. Oh, yes, I see what you mean; I did didn’t I, good eh?”
“If you say so.”
“Thanks Sam, a joker cannot live without his audience.”
“I’m just glad you’re finally growing up Ian.”
“Here, found this,” he said proudly, dropping a new pencil. How clever of him. An object falling from thin air, yes, that would prove incredibly easy to explain! As far as I was concerned he was becoming far too complacent, flying too close to the wind for comfort, and once more before I was able to call him on these points he disappeared, leaving the statement, “Don’t be a stranger!” and cheerfully deserted me once more. It was an ordinary pencil sure enough, of good quality with the letters J B stamped near the top. At that point it wouldn’t have surprised me if he’d stolen it. Ian really was getting stranger and stranger all the time. I vowed to be ready for him next time, continuing into the building. 
“Ah, Samuel, right on time as usual.” Checking his watch was Mr Davis - proprietor of ‘Ariana P Davis Financiers.’ He was an old, sprightly gentleman, who chose the name to grant his dear wife a part in his business and wore a monocle pressed precariously against his eye. His zeal for business and working numbers perfectly matched my own. 
His company existed purely to provide secured loans to big business, but more recently to carefully vetted individuals who’d demonstrated an instinctive ability to grasp a promising project with both hands and wring every last idea out of it. The man was canny indeed, possessing an unfailing predator’s eye for such people. 
Recently he’d hinted he may retire soon and had grand plans for the lucky predecessor. To say my views were mixed on this after the past six months would be moot; but I’d given a level of commitment with respect to a certain period’s service. In return the kindly fellow had promised assurances of fair conduct, and in writing. In those days this was quite rare. So it was with great reverence I shook his outstretched hand as vigorously and sincerely as I could muster. 
A youth even younger than me stood by his side looking sheepish, whom Mr Davis suavely introduced as his wife’s cousin, one Julian Brisket. “Julian will be staying with us for a while Samuel. I wanted to introduce you two in person.” 
“Pleased to meet you Julian,” I said, extending a warm welcome.
“Thanks Ssssam,” he stammered, nervously mumbling something along the lines of ‘get up to speed.’ His feet constantly shuffled to and fro almost independently. 
“Julian, Mrs Stahl is expecting you upstairs in accounts, I’ll fill you in later.” Off the jumpy character went. “The boy’s got a highly logical brain I’m told, despite the erm, other problems, which I’m sure we can work through. I promised we’d look after him for now. I trust you’ll keep him on the straight and narrow. Sam show the lad the ropes, see if he has any real promise.”
“I shall introduce him to the chains we keep in our dungeon as well if I may sir.”
“Show him whatever you like as long as it’s during break,” he laughed out loud, granting me a friendly nudge. 
“Well, must be off. Time waits for no man a wise philosopher once said.” “Never met my wife,” he mumbled, walking straight out the main door, half turning on the hoof. “Oh, Sam, get on to maintenance will you, it’s getting awfully cold here at nights - middle of blooming July as well.” “God’s work is never done,” he added, lowering his voice. “Have another word with Ged as well, those hairy little buggers footprints are all over the back yard again,” he confessed, touching his nose conspiratorially.
“Will do sir.” This could prove a godsend. After all that had happened so far I had future plans which didn’t involve this office. If Julian was half the brain he was cracked up to be, this could prove my ticket out of here. Life wouldn’t be easy of course; slogging up to the good parts rarely was. Extra hours would have to be worked to compensate for the increased workload, but I could have him up and running at my speed in six months. Mr Davis could have his new manager, and I could have a new life. 
I trotted up to work on a high. Two hours later I was toiling on the new Parson’s account. Seems the poor chap had finally got his act together. He must have done to convince shrewd Mr Davis to finance him I can tell you. Who the devil calculated these projected figures though I wondered, flabbergasted at such obvious errors. Seems they just plucked them out of thin air, jumbling them up a few more times for good measure. No wonder the amateur didn’t have the good grace to sign their names to it. I’d have been ashamed to too. A sudden draught caught the top page, spiralling it perilously close to the open window. It was lucky I now had my own little office off the beaten track where Ian’s childish outbursts were unlikely to be observed. I flew over there, determined not to let the document escape unchallenged, and there he was stood right in front of me - Mr Julian Brisket. “Er, you’re a sneaky one, didn’t see you come in.”
“Mr Davis needs the Peterson account,” he said, betraying none of the previous nervousness. He’d been with Esther all morning. I bet she’d been mothering him I thought. She was like that with all new starters, the old dear.
“Have it right here,” I replied, checking my heavy filing cabinet behind. “Oh, the bliss of the English alphabet, ‘tis such a time saver,” I joked, “Here you go fellow.”
“There’s something missing,” he said dully, thumbing through the thick file at an incredible pace. There’s no way he could have read it that quickly, unless he really was some sort of prodigy. “Really? I don’t think so Julian, I’m normally very thorough.” I turned back round to the cabinet to investigate further, only to be struck heavily from behind. I came to balanced unnaturally against the cabinet. In between thick menacing fog rolled a terrifying guttural hissing, as if a creature’s windpipe were being used for the first time. Words formed after what seemed an age, in two echoing voices before gaining any semblance of meaning. 
Julian dragged me to my feet, thrusting my face into the open cabinet drawer, squeezing my throat tighter and tighter. “Sam, tell of her.”
My mind fell utterly blank and a terrific pounding in my head grew worse. “Who? You’re mad,” I screamed wildly. 
“Where is she Sam?” the voice hissed again.
“I never ask more than once,” grated the second.
“Leave now and I won’t inform Mr...” I gasped weakly, hopelessly caught in the grips of temporary amnesia.
“As you wish. Will find her the painful way,” they sighed together, squeezing even tighter. Julian whirled me round away from the wall, throwing me over the table. I heard a dangerous crack and knew I was seriously injured and helpless.
The next second a blast of wind pinned me to the back wall, picked Julian up and tossed him like a rag doll through the window, which exploding outwards like a bomb, taking half the wall with it. The sickly crack of bone echoed dully from the pavement far below. My poor, innocent office lay in tatters. Debris and brick dust were scattered everywhere, whirling round in weird, confusing cones. Desperate, deafening screams echoed over and over. Later I knew they’d been mine. Where the window once lay drifted Ian’s adrenalin charged voice. “Sweet baby Jesus and the orphans, look at them go!”
“Ian, what the hell?” I screamed, knowing my life was now over. 
“Will speak later Sam, am off to see the wizard!” he giggled insanely. When the room cleared everything was back to normal and I was sat at my desk shaking uncontrollably, doubting any wizard in his right mind would want to see him. What sort of weird madness was this? What had the crazy fool just done? I wanted out and fast. The clock struck twelve and I nervously made my way downstairs, very worried about a repeat incident.
On my way there Mrs Stahl assured me Julian had been with her all morning and was very fast at her tests. At lunch I sat thinking deeply. In the meantime most food made its way down my freshly pressed shirt. Whilst changing into it a spare in the toilets I whispered uselessly to Ian for an explanation, but his silence lay unbroken, so I trudged back to work. That hot, muggy July afternoon, instead of working I thought. Yet this only led to more unanswerable questions cropping up, like strange verbal torture. 
Home time arrived and I rushed outside, dodging youths playing street soccer. An unfortunate looking young fellow inquired as to the time, as the rusty tin can passing for a football trundled over my newly polished shoes. 
Later I sat in my bed chamber staring mindlessly out of the window, blind to the picturesque summer scenery and gazing deeply into the mirror, unhappily hoping some older legends were true, and one really could find answers to such odd questions, even ones hearts desires if only one looked into the glass at certain precise angles. It worked for a chap in a book I once read when very young, but there were consequences, and that was just a book wasn’t it? 
I sat and waited, then waited some more. The hour touched three am and a brilliant yellow moon still hung high over the misty dew dressed meadows. Her gorgeous beams trickled silently across a starless sky, slowly forming a gleaming golden arch over the woods. I looked closer, intrigued. 
Smatterings of thick grey smog rolled up languidly from hidden valleys yonder, yielding the startled lowing of steaming black and white beasts taking shelter under the wise old oak tree. Out there the air itself parted, allowing an immortal spirit to return. Gentle whistling noises behind pulled my head bolt upright to ‘face him.’ 
“Still up? Thought you’d be fast asleep dreaming of friendly giants, mischievous imps, defeating mighty dragons and rescuing beautiful princesses’ now the world’s back to normal.” 
“Hardly back to normal though is it?”
“What d’ y’ mean kind sir?”
“Besides the incident at work and ignoring me afterwards you mean? Those points don’t quite sit right.”
“Er, the incident?”
“Forgotten already have you? Figures.”
“Oh, you mean the incident?” he said, mocking my emphasis. 
“Dealt with Sam. Is that what you’ve been up half the night worrying yourself to death for? Forget about it.”
“Fine bedside manner you’ve got. And just how would you suggest I forget about it Doctor Peters? It happened didn’t it?”
“Well, it happened sure enough, you were there. But then again, it hasn’t, d’ y’ see?” he said mysteriously. 
“Yes, thanks again for letting me in on the plot Ian. I suppose ‘tis only fair seeing as I’m the target,” I threw sarcastically. “If you’re ready to answer one thing, just tell me what you did to those two characters when you were giggling at the window. Surely you remember that much?”
“Just... just chased them around a bit,” he admitted in odd blank intervals, just like a naughty schoolboy. 
“Chased them around a bit? How old are you - three?!” I cried, bewildered and strangely amused. I bit my tongue, trying not to laugh - such odd behaviour shouldn’t be encouraged. I’d stake my future if I’d asked where he’d been I’d have faced the equally vague answer ‘out.’ 
“So there’ll be no trouble later?”
“Not from them fellows.” 
I drew a deep, cleansing breath. “Good.” Edward, I now formed a small idea of how fatherhood may work. Realising it was going to take extensive planning and boundless patience, I vowed to start research that very day. 
Ian coughed deeply and rain fell just outside my window, leaving mysterious little trails meandering down the lane. The odd fellow wasn’t any more forthcoming than that on this subject that morning. I surmised his long, tiring hunt, coupled with the traumatic loss of his precious energy served to affect him in more ways than were apparent too. It seemed even spiritual beings such as him could suffer forgivable patches of forgetfulness and eccentricity like most of us. He’d found the clue with the pencil sure enough, though no wonder he couldn’t put it all together so neatly like in the past. 
Still, despite this developing problem we talked long into the night like old friends. Finally Ian fell quiet. Outside rain ceased, dawn finally broke, and as I slipped into a happy dream I heard sleepy chirps somewhere in the distance, weird faint cries fading across the way and the far off chime of a lonely church bell.

Chapter 20

The 24th of July 1920, long after Ian’s ‘Moonlight sonata’ I found myself hard at work. My self confidence was brimming over. I’d even volunteered to work on a Saturday to help young Julian get up to speed. It won’t surprise you one bit to learn then, that Ian chose that very day to reaffirm the same attempts at shameful trickery that had so successfully landed me in real trouble with the poor, rotund cleaner some months earlier. 
He found it worthwhile nearly all that day to cut short my thoughts regarding future pricing etcetera, predominately during important meetings with senior staff. The gist of his highly intelligent argument was: “Boring! What are you still doing here Sam?! Look, yes, yes, I knew it, there is a sun outside! Opportunities. A chance for a real life! Oh, and need I mention the women Sam?!”
“You really like girls don’t you,” I stated, when fate found us alone at last. 
“Of course, don’t you?!” he asked incredulously. 
“But why?” I asked, genuinely puzzled, “After all, whatever for? I mean, not that I don’t find them attractive or anything, it’s just that you’re...well, not of the same race,” I postured lamely. 
“Not of the same race?!” Ian echoed extremely sarcastically, “You really do need to work on English more Sam. Maths really isn’t the most romantic of subjects,” he advised solemnly. “And considering you asked, I may as well tell you we have females too. Just because I have an entirely different make up physiologically, that doesn’t mean I cannot truly appreciate girl’s wonderful, delicate frames, admire the tender softness of their beautiful, silky skin, nor marvel at the certain bounce as they glide angelically down the road,” he crooned dreamily. 
“That’s disgusting Ian, I’m trying to work here!”
“How dare you!” he screamed at the top of his voice, “I meant the bounce of their hair Sam! Why, I ought to spank your bare bottom for suggesting otherwise! Grow up! Now, if you will be so kind, stop interrupting the marvelling, because I haven’t even started yet! What soul could not gaze in awe and wonder at a true lady’s graceful majesty, nor be swayed, prepossessed even by the very thought of just a touch of her gorgeous, succulent, luscious lips, which would provide a pure and radiant heart such as I with such a level of intoxicating warmth, that, Sam, even with my truly extensive learning, I can’t quite describe out loud...How...It would...simply...If...I would be...Surely...If only I...could...Sam...Sam...SAM...I believe I would die! Yes, that’s it! Sam, Sam,” he screamed violently in wildly high pitched tones, “For the love of God call a doctor! Help me, I’m about to experience a cardiac arrest!” 
“Stop this mindless, babbling nonsense this instant! Ian, you’re a complete disgrace! Children behave better.” 
Evidently he’d been struck deaf as he continued unbowed, whispering softly and reflecting a truly poignant tone. “Their thoughts Sam, can you guess how frightfully endearing and delightful some are? And I’ll wager you’ve caught those times the way a truly beautiful woman looks on the outside? You know - The exquisite, divine beauty of it all? If you gaze deeply enough in their eyes on these rare occasions, at the correct, precise moment you can truly perceive any present inner beauty also, for it radiates out in wonderful, warm waves of light. At these precious moments this beauty combines together around them, creating an overwhelming sensation of their truthfulness and depth for love. It genuinely shows their compassion and their true soul - their very spirit laid bare. It’s simply beautiful, their eyes sparkle like diamonds and my heart dances in joy.” 
“I can imagine that,” I agreed, “and I suppose it’s nice you’ve put a little thought into something other than yourself for once.”
However, Ian was far from finished. “Beauty,” he said, completing a long, deeply reflective sigh. “By that I mean natural good looks, I see quite often. Thankfully it’s evenly spread across the globe. But this inner beauty,” he murmured wistfully, “this indescribable magnificence appears a little less abundant than first thought.” 
“Thanks for sharing Ian, but I have work...” 
“Further more intensive studies will have to be carried out in these areas, you understand?” 
“You’ll let me know the results then?” 
“Indubitably my good man!” he said cheerily. “Now, let studies begin,” he announced triumphantly. “For every day at precisely this time, the very vision of loveliness passes this stuffy old building. The absolute pinnacle of lusciousness, the peak of perfection. This rare and blessed maiden possesses the most striking of physiques. Her radiant smiles speak only of genius and only hint at the depth of her passions, whilst her voice, oh, her accent, Sam, its enchanting tones and list will echo over and over forever! If only we could record it’s soothing and revealing tune.” 
“So that’s the poor girl you’ve been following. There’ll be laws passed for folk like you.”
“No matter, there are many ways round that anyway. Why, her elegant, raven hair alone, the fascinating way it cascades so alluringly around her sparkling, emerald green coquettish eyes, then drifts down over her...” 
“Enough!” I screamed, surprisingly loudly, “What the hell do you think you’re doing, you raging madman!? Twenty minutes! Cease this foul gutter talk this instant! Listen up, there exists certain thoughts it is clearly better to keep to one’s self!” 
“Ooh, hark at you - getting all excited? Do be careful Sam, the wizard is watching!” was the nub of his reply. “There’s no call to get embarrassed, it’s perfectly normal for males of every species to feel that way. How many of us would be here if it weren’t so?”
“One just needs to be a little more careful about what they share with each other, that’s all.” Despite his exasperating persistence, his jocular tone quickly quelled my annoyance. 
“I was only truthfully answering your question,” he said innocently. “I felt I just needed to impress on you these few points, just a small number of the limitless reasons why I am so justly grateful for the existence of the female, including and because of all her intricate complexities.” 
“I think we gathered that much Ian, a long, long time ago.” 
“It’s just that human females are without compare, the prettiest, the most delicious in the entire known universe in every possible way, excepting my own species of course,” he crooned. “’tis a most perplexing mystery why this should be so, that’s all,” he said, again lapsing into deep thought over possible profound connotations.  
“Right,” I said, glad his long impromptu lesson seemed to be over, “I believe I’ve stayed here long enough.” 
“How long have I been telling you that?” Ian said, tutting like a steam train.
“Right, I’m off. You can stay if you like,” I remarked, half wishing he would. “Hey maybe you’d like to finish off the work you deliberately stopped me from completing this afternoon?” 
“Your comedic timing is slipping, we both know who the true talent is here.” “We’re off!” he shouted loudly as I hastily made for the exit. “I don’t need a commentary Ian.” 
I headed for a nearby news stand, watching tiny spots of tepid water appearing on the pavement ahead. I was more than a touch annoyed that the seller had left, probably because I was rather later than usual, which was not of my doing. Because I needed the late edition to prepare for work tomorrow, I strode towards our town centre at the risk of missing the last bus service home. 
All these thoughts and more raced endlessly in ever widening circles, twisting and turning through my straining brain. Of course they weren’t helped by Ian’s glib remarks. Apparently if I’d only stopped wittering away to him about girls earlier, then I wouldn’t be faced with such a situation. Therefore I only had myself to blame. 
Thankfully we found a news stand tucked away in a side street. To my utmost delight I noticed a crisp, inviting newspaper still patiently awaiting my arrival. Ian suddenly mirrored a curious, dog like sniffing. All of a sudden this playful manner changed to the petulant begging of a spoilt young child. “My present! You promised, remember!” My teeth clenched involuntarily, relaxing as I admitted that Ian was absolutely right. “What is it?” I asked, under my breath. 
“There! In that bottle! I knew it was true. Fancied they could trick me did they? I may be getting old, but no one fools the like of Sir Ian Peters!” 
“Quick, buy it!” he urged incessantly. This discerning vendor possessed quite an eclectic mix of merchandise. Evidently he was one of the rare, forward thinkers of his ilk, these products being strong evidence of his pioneering attempts at diversification. The bottle in question was a small vial proudly claiming to be: ‘Purdy’s Finest Wax and Camphor Solution,’ containing fifteen millilitres of pure oil. For the princely sum of only sixpence it could be mine. Sixpence! Surely this could only be liquid gold, used only by mighty pharaohs. 
Now, before you think I’m greatly exaggerating, please understand that back then sixpence represented nearly one month’s hard work. So you can appreciate I was more than a tad reluctant to purchase Ian such a magnificently expensive gift. However, I’d made a firm promise earlier, therefore would not baulk from my duty, no matter how painful the consequences. 
I must make mention of the moment when handing my coin to the ecstatic vendor, because he seemed to experience some unforeseen trouble prising it from my unusually firm grasp. 
“May I commend you on your wise purchase sir?” Ian cracked as I made my way forlornly down the lonely street. I quickly realised I’d forgotten a paper, seeing another chap buying it anyway. “This better be worth it Ian, because it shall be the very last present I ever buy you!” 
“Oh it is my good man! Truly excellent stuff and no mistake. Oh, by the way Sam, I think you’ll find you’re going the wrong way.” 
“Why’s that?” I asked suspiciously. 
“Because, you are invited!” he chirped, over and over. My heart fell. I was under no allusions as to his meaning. More often than not this phrase spelt out a heady mix of confusion, embarrassment and unthinkable spiralling ramifications to me, a poor unsuspecting soul or both. 
“For God’s sake Ian, no!”
“Watch out, the wizard is watching!” he squawked in delight, which turned out to be one of his favourite phrases, second only to: ‘Yes, I can see, I have eyes!’ 
“Why can’t you give folk some time to themselves away from your little games? Can you please just give it a rest for once? Haven’t you tortured me enough today?” I pleaded hopelessly. 
“This won’t take long,” he promised, adding, “I think you may very well like this one.” I had little choice other than to follow his maddening voice, as he led a merry dance further into our town centre. 
Very soon I found myself stood at the entrance to the small, open park, most of my person partially concealed by an ancient, crumbling wall. “Stop. Take cover!” Ian demanded.  The only thing of the slightest interest were local vagrants, approximately twenty metres away, sitting around the market place near the town statue commemorating fallen soldiers. I’m sad to report every member of the unenviable group were ruffians and hopeless beggars to a man. “Wait!” Ian ordered, triumphantly announcing: “Yes, he’s here! A sad victim of habit no less.” He drew my attention to the unelected leader of this disparate group, who as per usual was engaging in ‘begging’ from passer bys. Any individual who did not do him the courtesy of acknowledging his stately person, especially ones who dared pass without paying what he considered a fair toll would be met with the coarsest of profanities, whether they be man, woman or child. 
“Ian, the man’s an absolute disgrace!” 
“I can see that Sam! I have eyes! But, I also have a plan which, providing you follow my instructions to the very letter, will very quickly bring an end to this type of aberrant behaviour, once and for all!” 
“Leave me out of it! Do it yourself!” I said despairingly. “I wish no part in this depravity! Ian, for the love of God and all that is holy; surely you are acquainted with this fellow’s ghastly reputation? He has a marked propensity to wicked, shameless violence, in drink or out of it,” I said, hoping against hope this may sway Ian’s conscience. “Why only last month poor old Mr Witcherly, who can only walk with the aid of a stout stick was pursued half way across town by this very fellow, whose cowardly designs of bodily harm were only thwarted by the timely intervention of four burly constables! Heaven only knows the true horror of the gentleman’s terrible fate if this lucky event had not occurred.” 
“I know,” Ian said deliberately, “I have eyes, I was there.” 
“Well why the hell didn’t you put a stop to it? Do not falsely claim to be of one character, then prove yourself another! Are you not thoroughly ashamed?” I cried.
“On the contrary Sam, I’ve explained this before; I am unable to intervene directly in such affairs, for to do so would only serve to highlight various discrepancies, therefore certain relationships would undoubtedly have to be re-evaluated, not necessarily for the greater good either, certainly not at this point.” 
“You’re beginning to sound like the mad general! You need help. What kind of talk is that?!” 
“SAM!” Ian barked. “If I did not know your heart better, I may well take offence at the haste you uttered such ill chosen words. Just trust me when I tell you we now have a perfect opportunity to right this wrong, which lies so close to your heart. But if you insist on wasting precious time, apportioning blame willy nilly, the chance will be lost, perhaps forever.”
“Well, right, well, well, right, then…that’s alright then!” I stammered, adding a hurried ‘Sorry’ in the end, which went ignored. 
“I admire your passion, but it would serve you best in the future to take a little time scrutinising the finer facts,” Ian said quite sensibly. “For I think you’ll find things are rarely exactly as they first appear.” Aware his guidance had been acknowledged, he quickly ran through his cunning plan. Predictably this fell on me to carry out. He swore if I followed it to the letter I may come through unharmed. His warlike terminology and harrowing description of the upcoming scene made it sound like an assassination. Whilst I ‘engaged the enemy’ he swore to watch for interlopers from a high tree. 
“I must say; it really does sounds the height of simplicity,” I mused sarcastically. 
“And lucky for you it is so!” he remarked brightly. 
“Ian, I will of course do what you ask, but would like to state that of late you have become rather too free in spending other people’s money.” 
“Maybe,” he said nonchalantly. 
“And not only that, you have become a tad too fond of using me as your personal puppet.” 
“Perhaps, but we’ve work to do,” he said proudly, presumably keeping his dignity intact. 
Suitably armed with ‘the incredible power of knowledge’ I wandered over there, disguised as a casual shopper. As predicted the massive fellow sat there, boldly demanding payment ‘for his war service.’ In a weird, suspicious fumble I managed to grab hold of my lucky penny, which I’d vowed never to spend. His deep, coal black eyes lit up and he shifted his mop of greasy hair, eager to see his prize. Stale beer and vomit wafted off his rags, sickening me. I coughed, holding the shiny, tempting coin just out of reach, gazing deeply into those unfeeling eyes, speaking loudly and clearly as if my words were unquestionable fact. 
“Your mother dearly wanted me to give you this.” The greedy oaf deliberately ignored this, reaching unsuccessfully for the penny. I repeated the words, making certain he acknowledged them. His eyes flashed blood red with demonic, animal frustration, and his face grew wilder and wilder. It seemed he was about to utter the most heinous of curses, but being so incensed couldn’t find the right one. My arm shook uncontrollably. For one terrible second I thought I was dead. Indeed, I was ready to collapse at his feet, curl up, play dead and pray for it all to be over as cleanly as possible. He wrested the coin out my twitching hand, and I felt his whole demeanour alter inexorably so. Unbridled anger changed palpably to true perplexion in an instant. The shiny gift dropped from his grasp, landing unclaimed at his feet with an odd tinkle.
That was my cue to run and hide, back behind the wall. There I bravely watched the unfolding scene from relative safely. You can wager that singular occurrence did not go unnoticed by the beggar king’s avaricious compatriots. Spits of rain turned into a fresh, light shower and the situation became a mad, vicious scramble amongst themselves. Dirt, rotten teeth and torn clothing were thrown high into the air as the shameful rabble fought each other wildly for but a hint at perceived happiness.
Ian’s mood lightened as he screamed encouragement like some crazed, invisible coach. But I noticed the king’s confusion had now moved to a state of genuine, deep reflection. Every part of his being sung the dizzy heights of profoundest contemplation. 
Ten minutes passed. Officers bravely broke up the wild melee. Ian’s weird idea of fun seemed over for the day, when the king voluntarily gave up his throne in what seemed a strange, bloodless coup. His majesty sprung to his feet, forsaking his swag bag - a dirty, multi coloured sheet tied loosely onto the end of a thick, rough branch. 
Now he saw fit to disregard his robes of state. Clearly forgetting their divine eminence, they were slung casually to one side. The rather fetching coat, which was probably stolen was left to the peasants to do with what they thought best. 
Their king then unceremoniously decamped, striding purposely across the square. His large frame was soon lost forever amongst the bustling crowd. I never did see him again and have often guessed what became of him, for he was one of the few Ian ‘helped’ whose fate didn’t become apparent in my later life. 
As I walked the long way home that late afternoon still soundly puzzled, I questioned Ian with regards as to his true intentions today. Of course it wasn’t quite as easy as that to get suitable answers. Admittedly I didn’t quite push him perhaps as much as I should have, but, as you may imagine he was still buzzing with the day’s proceedings. 
“It was beautiful Sam, beautiful I tell you! Did you see him, or were you distracted too much by the fighting? I saw both.” 
“Yes, I saw him Ian, I have eyes! I was there in the middle of it all.” 
“Honestly, it was truly magnificent, you could actually picture his emotions!” he crooned. “Why, if you hadn’t taken to crouching behind the wall in abject fear at that point, then you could have reached out and touched them! Yes, Sam, I can still picture it: Ten, nine, eight! Three, two, one...Yes Houston, we have lift off! Auntie Anne, Auntie Anne, it’s a twister, it’s a twister!” he announced rather peculiarly. 
“What are you talking about?!” I asked quizzically, not expecting any sort of explanation. 
“Oh, you wouldn’t know about that would you? Well no matter, you shall soon enough! Did you see that fat nosey farmer skulking in the background? I bet the greedy swine’s eaten most of his stock. Thought he was going to intervene, almost wished he had. I’d have left a nasty surprise for him.”
For the life of me, I couldn’t work out whether Ian was so happy about the king leaving, or the ensuing riot. I hesitate to suggest maybe it was a little of both? When he’d calmed slightly and stopped giving stupid, childish answers, I was granted a small window of opportunity. 
“Ian, who is that man’s mother? How do you know her?” 
“His mother’s dead,” he said stoutly, “She has been for some time.” 
“I see.” I said, though I didn’t. 
“I really don’t want to dwell for too long on this subject, as it is nearly time for my medicine. Some sickness, particularly those concerning the complexities of the human brain are easily solved by a being such as I, but to the most endearing of your scientists these often prove far more complicated. Indubitably they have many roots and are sometimes widespread, though all are interconnected irrevocably so, as they so obviously issue from the same source.” 
“Is that so?” I said, still not clear on most of his points. 
“It is indeed, and you’ll become acutely aware of this as you see more of the world. You’ll learn, in time. Just never let anyone, no matter how involved their learning tell you any disease is more convoluted, more insidious than afflictions of the mind. Nor let these same authorities tell you that the divine ruler’s intemperance was some sort of a disease.” 
“How so?” 
“Because addiction, no matter the form is simply a state of mind, not something you catch like a common cold.” 
“I’ll remember that,” I said stoutly, if only to steer him away from another long, puzzling explanation. “Take care you do.” Now our funs over, quick, hurry home, it can only be hours now,” he said fitfully. 
“As you wish master!” I agreed, thoroughly looking forward to the safety of my soft, warm bed. 
Halfway home brought another shock. Light, warm showers from earlier progressed to large drops of ice cold water. Such was the enemy’s spiteful onslaught, they pounded my exposed forehead and delicate eyes. 
“There’s something dry you can use under the next bush Sam.” Sure enough I uncovered the remains of a tatty cloth sack, brown with age. Thankfully the outside had been treated liberally with beeswax. This will do nicely I thought holding it above my head, uncharacteristically shouting in triumph. 
Success was short lived. Thousands of beads of dried mud and smelly mould had successfully camouflaged themselves within. Propelled by their sly raindrop friends above, every one of them launched downwards in a perfectly timed strike, covering every part of me simultaneously with fine dust, followed by disgusting liquid muck. Desperately trying to clear my face only served to spread the filthy menace. 
“Look before you leap. That’s one of your favourites isn’t it?” Ian tutted, sandwiched between fits of maniacal laughter. Between the king and this, today was one of his best days ever. Now he was free to laugh at both events in turn at his convenience.
“Thank you, ‘twas most invigorating,” I said, remaining as dignified as possible. And as if this incident wasn’t quite enough, as we neared my humble abode Ian’s excited trash talk stepped up another notch. It sounded like he was preparing for something particularly big, but I didn’t see why he had to be so rude, so reminded him who had possession of the liquid he coveted so. 
“That’s alright Sam,” he sniffed casually, “I didn’t really want to try it anyway. I was just playing with you, deliberately wasting your time and money. If the truth be known, I’d much rather just improve my wordplay skills by reading the dictionary aloud, which I’ve longed to do for quite some time. Let’s see...starting at, ooh, let me think...A...a... yes, A, Aardvark. Now after each definition I shall bless you with my own interpretation of the word. As a special bonus I shall include reasons why the dictionary’s definition is so patently erroneous!” “And,” he promised, “And, young man, you will listen, for ‘’tis so clearly for your own good! I will not tolerate insubordination by any of my class! No sir! Not for one second. If I catch you slouching, if you even...” 
“Alright,” I said, shaking my head in despair, “I was only joking.” 
“Oh, is that so?” he said sagaciously. “A jest eh? Well that’s alright then, isn’t it? Things worked out best for the both of us then didn’t they?!” 
“Yes, strange how that sometimes happens,” I duly agreed, purely to keep the peace. Seeing as we had both reached a pleasant accord on this matter and were in my bed chamber once more, Ian gave another unnecessarily long winded explanation about how to best administer the medicine to his person. This boiled down to simply pouring the fluid into my right ear, without spilling a single drop. The weird, pungent liquid must have evaporated somehow as nothing whatsoever spilled back out. One full sixpence had gone forever.
Very soon Ian’s mood rose swiftly, becoming progressively more excitable, even more than I’d ever conceived possible. Delighted squeals, incoherent babbling noises and gracious comments of the most endearing nature issued forth incessantly from his person. Without warning the little fellow’s funny ramblings took a different turn. “Charlie, can you hear me?” “Ah, ‘tis you! I knew you couldn’t keep off the stuff!” “Charlie Bamforth!” “Truly? And where is he?” “Oh, he’s away at...no he isn’t! Come out Harold Krenshaw, as if!” “As usual I chose the best name.” “David, you may as well own up as well, you can’t hide from me, you two stick together like lovers. Honestly, you fools must think I’ve gone senile!”
Increasingly I became aware Ian was engaged in deep conversation with at least three other entities. Try as I might, I followed very little actual dialogue regarding the many wildly varying topics currently under discussion, because the only audible hint of these came from Ian himself, presenting me with a decidedly stilted take on dealings. 
At no time did I hear any other voice directly, but was entirely convinced of the others presence. This wasn’t simply a case of Ian’s intoxicated ramblings. Suggestive snippets of conversation indicated all were separated by vast swathes of space and time. Any attempts by me to get through to Ian during this discussion failed. I felt his presence here as usual, yet his spirit, the real him was somewhere out there, deep in the farthest flung reaches of incalculable space. 
One point I can be clear on was this was no important business meeting. And one can gain a small idea how deep their chats actually got from garbled snatches of speech which passed quicker and quicker - a jocular, kind hearted ribbing passing between folk that have grown very close over a prolonged period. These friends trusted each other implicitly and hadn’t seen each other for an awfully long time. 
Judging from tiny clues I guessed this substance acted as a rare narcotic on Ian’s system, with the added bonus of allowing others to visit certain events, times or places of their choosing and interact with the inhabitants thereof, even if other parties did not use the substance at the same time. As long as they’d taken it themselves at least once and visited this place or person once before, then that was all that was required for it to work indefinitely. Presumably because not all spirits Ian associated with shared his powers of bending time, this was why he prized this substance so highly. On certain days, in certain places, with the correct knowledge it may even prove possible to commune with those spirits long passed. 
The fact that back then camphor was widespread and Ian hadn’t shown any interest in it before suggests this particular bottle tickled his fancy, due to its rare purity. Thinking on the wide variety of oranges for example, many are bland and tasteless, others dry and full of large pips. However, if one is lucky enough to find one containing exquisite sweet juice married with soft, succulent flesh, one rarely passes up the opportunity to fill his basket. 
Ian’s enthralling behaviour continued for almost three hours, though lord knows how long it was for the various participants operating on different timelines. Presently Ian’s emotions balanced, his fuel ran out and he jolted back to me on this plane, becoming very tired, relieved and grateful. Yet behind all this emotion I garnered a secretive, distant yearning. When asked of his health he’d only mutter, “Ask the quest...”  “Not answer directly. “I will tell you all when...” The weary old fellow didn’t elaborate on these puzzles, leaving me with another frustrating lost opportunity for answers. 
Very soon even this noise faded out, till at long last I welcomed the passing of a blessèd gift from heaven; a truly enchanting golden silence, interspersed with a strangely mesmerising droning; akin to a distant fly, or the gentle fluttering of a moths delicate wings. I truly believe that for the first time in almost five centuries Ian Peters slept. 

Chapter 21

I awoke at the entrance of a brightly decorated alley on a long, lazy slope. Rising up, I drifted slowly over tight cobbled streets speaking of older, wiser days. Between those welcoming doorways, ancient gabled roofs and mottled arches, hope ran free.
I reached the mighty gothic cathedral once more. Father was there at the door. Though much older now, his eyes were still filled with child like wonder as he gazed down the luscious valley, waiting patiently.
Drawn westwards I swept through immaculate gardens, brimming with rainbows of colour and misty forms of folk I’d known when young. Merry groups smiled dreamily as I passed, circling a fabulously adorned water fountain that gurgled and splashed. My spirit floated higher and higher over that indescribably beautiful place - at the peak of the green hill.
“Wake up! Sam, wake up!” 
“It happened again, the dream!” I exclaimed. “It was so outlandishly weird, yet so incredibly peaceful. I know what it is now, it’s when I...”
“Sam, I feel so strange.” 
“What do you mean strange?” 
“Just odd.” 
“Well, it is only rightly so Ian, you are a trifle odd after all.”
“Sam, this is serious,” he said, in the most sombre tone I’ve ever witnessed. 
“Are you ill?” I inquired, a touch more concerned. 
“I really can’t say, I’ve never been ill,” he confessed. “My stomach feels like there are hundreds of tiny insects crawling around in there. Despite my best efforts to the contrary, their constant whirling gets faster and faster.” 
“Ah, a hangover.” 
“That’s simply not possible.” 
“Guilt then?” I proffered, for lack of another suitable explanation. 
“No. Besides, I really haven’t done anything that I’m inherently ashamed of.” 
“Ah, this better not be one of your tasteless monster jokes,” I warned, thinking I’d seen through his childish designs. “They may impress some of your little chums, but they don’t serve me in the same fashion.” 
“It truly isn’t Sam, I swear. I feel terrible, terrible. Please help, I beg you!” 
“Ian, I can’t exactly take you to the doctor!” I cried desperately.
He moaned pitifully. I rose to my feet at a total loss, feeling terrible pangs of fear. 
“Sam, when I slept they tried to take it!”
“Surely not?!” I cried, understanding instantly.
“There’s two outside, and he’s coming now, I can feel him searching.”
“Who’s searching?”
“A relative.”
“Surely that can only be a good thing?” I said, a little relieved. 
“No situation can be truly divined as only good or bad. I’ll lose track of her now.” 
I moved over to the window, curious as to the depth of the gathering storm looming across the entire countryside. Just outside the gate stood two strangers I recognised. One was a teenager I’d seen playing football that day outside work, the other the fat, nosey farmer hanging round the town square last night. Both stood swaying blankly, oblivious to the pouring rain and thunder. 
“Let’s get out there, my family will be back soon!” I cried rather stupidly, without any plan.
“Wait for me,” Ian shouted weakly.
In seconds I’d rushed outside and been slammed against the stone wall across the lane. I started up the hill to draw them off. Then I saw him, bathed in slender shadows thrown by the grand oak sat at the top. An unnaturally tall, thin man whose face lit in weird lines of streaked lightning. 
“We have a rotten traitor in our midst. A horrible little sneak!” Ian ranted weakly. 
“Maybe we can reason with him, you deserve more time,” I said, surprised at my new found confidence. Even from that distance I saw the tall, wise fellow shake his head sadly. 
The growing tempest brought endless darkness. Cloud after cloud exploded with billions of volts of raw, electric power and weird rushes of choking air rippled violently through the trees. In a frightening whoosh our entire forest moaned in terror at a great, relentless beast roaring wildly just behind the oak. The tall man held his arms casually out to the sides, holding it back in a massive, growing arc.
“Remember everything Sam, I shall return,” Ian said, fading away.
“Wait!” I cried, instantly caught in a sphere of pulsing green light. I turned, finding my two possessed pursuers held just as fast. Rapid series of lightning balls illuminated the countryside for miles, whizzing over our heads and pouring into the trees. Many blasted harmlessly off my shimmering green field. This fearsome show gained in intensity, till deafening explosions and demonic roaring sounded like the most violent of wars. The last thing I remember was the weird, tall man nodding at my fears, then I fell into a welcome swoon.
I awoke with a breathless, jerking start. It was early morning and I lay downstairs in the centre of the front room. Our clock read three thirty am. Great pains had been taken to make certain of my continued comfort. Pillows had been placed carefully beneath my head as I slept. I vividly recalled events up to Ian’s arrival as one hopelessly jumbled, incomprehensible mess. As I rose slowly to my knees, my eyes fell on the tiny form lying unnaturally still to my right. Then I remembered everything - Sir Ian was gone.
Of course I knew he wasn’t truly dead, this was simply a minuscule part of him he no longer needed, shown in a shape our limited human brain could comprehend. By his own admission he’d never really been alive here. But still, gazing on his miniature, vulnerable form I could barely control the terrible sadness that touched my spirit. 
Although he was but one inch in length, his features were incredibly detailed, looking remarkably similar to a classic elf or pixie one sees so expertly illustrated in story books. He possessed hair of the finest blond hue, and Sir Ian’s eyes were purest emerald green. But it was the look left on Ian’s person that remains so firmly imprinted on my mind. For his expression told of nothing less than the heights of total and utter ecstasy. 
When my tremors subsided I reverentially wrapped his minute form up in a small swatch of finest velvet, placing him carefully in the middle of crossed palms and made haste to the only place I could think of. When undergrowth got thicker, I held him closer to my chest, for I was struck with awful, nagging fears that he may fall, his tiny body lost forever amongst the dense scrub.
I have no idea how I found it again, though after much wandering I did indeed carry him back to that beautiful forest glade which had brought him so much excitement. The oval mounds were still present, just as before, though a fourth one had been carefully excavated recently. Here I gently laid his form down to rest, and stayed a while talking softly, seeking answers, kneeling, wondering, praying and deliberating. 
Presently the atmosphere grew lighter and a hushed buzzing filled the air from everywhere at once, focusing on the only open sphere. At length soft, dry earth was taken up from nearby grain by grain, filling it in completely. Four striking blue flowers pushed up from the soil, attaining their true, mature form. Then Sir Ian’s bed became much as one of the others and surrounding grasses quickly covered its oval sides. Very soon only signs the area had ever been disturbed was the presence of those four stunning blue flowers, emitting their glorious perfumes. 
For but a moment the entire forest was abuzz with excited chattering, the sky lit up brilliantly, invisible creatures moved along the ground and colourful whooshes flitted through the trees. The curious humming rose further, matching the forests high pitched intensity, suddenly abated, then all became calm and still. 

Chapter 22

Following that emotional stormy morning in late July I tried settling down to life as best I could. Urges to share my incredible experiences with the funny little fellow outside the confines of my mind grew stronger and stronger; if only to give some ailing folk hope. Luckily this tempting feeling waned as I recalled my promise, accepting a pact was indeed a pact. It wasn’t easy, it took time and discipline as these things tend to. As best I could I finally accepted Sir Ian had gone for good. 
He’d always said once he left he’d never return to bother me till I’d passed my century, joking he had far better things to do! Despite knowing this there remained alive within me a small hope he may keep a certain promise made all those months ago, if only he was able. I’d been allowed access to so much that should have remained hidden and was eternally grateful, but yet to let this yearning die would have allowed a small part of me to perish also. 
Edward, sometimes when the full moon hung high in the heavens and a faint shooting star trailed across our endless sky, I’d wake breathlessly from a wild dream, a faint flutter in my heart, imagining owls hooting in the trees was the misguided young fellow messing around with vegetables in the garden, or allow myself some comfort for a mere minute or two that noises in the misty meadow yonder were tiny little footsteps picking up the scent of catnip in an inexplicable effort to attract all cats in the area. 
Of course one never got up to check, or dared speak his name out loud for fear that may shatter the delightful illusion. However, we are told when infants if one wishes selflessly and does so with a true heart, providing we are judged to deserve it, maybe just maybe, once in our lifetime we may be granted our hearts desires. 
I’m extremely pleased to announce the last seven days of October 1920 were exceptionally sunny for that time of year. Not only were we blessed with no clouds to speak of during the day, there were widespread reports of the unusual brilliancy of our moon throughout that entire week. 
I can still picture dear mother now with such vivid distinction it may well have happened only last week. Every morning for the last ten years since Rose had passed she’d tumbled into the kitchen, grabbing the local newspaper. A few minutes later she’d lay it down looking bitterly disappointed. Sometimes she’d allow herself a morsel to eat. 
This Monday morning was distinctly different. If only I’d known during those earlier years what I know now, I’d have pieced it together in an instant. Seemed to me mother had been searching for something all this time in classified ads near the front. 
Yes, today started normally enough, apart from a puzzled look at the paper as part of her daily routine. Tuesday came and went and she left the kitchen briefly, looking flustered. In retrospect, Wednesday the 27th seemed to be the turning point - a raising of her eyebrows and a quick, thoughtful glance. By Thursday night gone midnight she’d dragged father outside to stare wondrously at the curiously bewitching moon. 
Friday morning I noticed she’d started making discrete, personal notes of her findings which she carefully kept in her pinafore, quickly transporting them to safety upstairs. 
On the sixth day, a Saturday, there was no paper printed, so she sat peering at her clasped hands, nervously allowing her right thumb to continually rub the knuckle of her left forefinger. Every so often she glanced expectantly at the clock and the window. I looked her up and down, wondering fitfully whether it may be wise to start a conversation. I noticed father glancing her way from time to time too and it seemed he was experiencing feelings along these very same lines. 
Before either of us could formulate any sort of plan, the decision was taken out of our hands. A beautiful robin redbreast fluttered along the ledge outside the window, chirping happily. Mother rose briskly to her feet, heading straight upstairs, where strange rustlings could be heard between deep rumblings of a neighbouring tractor. 
Faltering engine noise faded away into the distance, and not thirty seconds later she returned, placing bacon on the stove and balancing thickly sliced bread on the side of her plate. This was most irregular. As sun rose gently over the horizon, for the first time in ten years I saw that winning, fulsome smile return, the one I remembered fondly back in her brighter days when I was a sensitive young child. This was unbelievable! Yet there was more. When she smiled she hummed a cheerful, warming ditty to herself, one bringing back more warm memories of aunt from my tender childhood. I’d had my suspicions since day one, but ‘twas still one hell of a shock nonetheless. 
I looked at father; he glanced back at me. I peered over the table at Edward who gazed uncertainly at father. Father looked back over at mother as if to convince himself, gave us both the once over again with his eyebrows raised, during which I successfully deflected any involvement, then threw his hands up, blissfully content the situation was finally solved. He continued with his breakfast, thoroughly enjoying a contented little smile. Father was clever that way - clever enough to understand when to push and when to hold back. Strange times indeed he remarked as the festive period drew ever closer, for Christmas day itself was a roasting ten degrees.
Edward, parents the world over have their own tale of how they met. Some speak of pure coincidence, others are tragic and painfully short, a few feature true romance. Many are just downright hilarious. I find my own story particularly special, possibly even unique. 
This very minute I finished reading Aunt Rose’s letter again, as I like to every wedding anniversary, for it never fails to grant me great comfort. Old times flood back and accompanying emotions are overwhelming. During this magical period I get excited, starry eyed, overly talkative and feel like screaming with joy. I also like to talk our amazing life through together with Constance, speak endearingly of endless love and hint of even happier times to come.
‘tis now the 17th June 1970 and vivid memories of those amazing days in the roaring twenties are now flowing freer than ever. Can you believe I almost forgot to include this!? 

Rose’s Letter. 

‘Dearest Sam,
This is one for you only. There are two things you need to know, please listen carefully as is your forte! One is the truth that you have eighty years left on earth. Sadly Brian and I barely managed to scrape that between us. Think what you can do, see, accomplish. Seize every opportunity, not always the one to make endless piles of money either – you’re old enough to understand that money doesn’t bring you happiness; merely security and increased options. 
As for Mr Peters, try to allow the naughty fellow a little slack, after all he didn’t have to choose you, and I understand some of his points regarding work etcetera, remember!? I won’t mention the fact that the lucky chap’s blatantly far cleverer than any of us can ever hope to be. One only has to keep one promise to make us happy and that is to promise to try. 
The second is perhaps the best. Brian and I think so. Remember Constance Gray? Stop blushing - you do too don’t you!? Once I came to pick you up from school as Margaret was busy. Passing the classroom window I saw you gazing in each other’s eyes, though ‘twas just for mere seconds. In that brief poignant moment of crystal clarity you saw something you recognised in her and her in you. At that early age it must have been extremely difficult to know just what it was or where you recognised it from, but Sam, as you grew older by God you knew. Yes, you knew and you understood the true significance of what had happened that special summer’s day. 
At the tender age of ten physical beauty wasn’t part of the equation for either of you, so you simply recognised that Constance was attracted to the true you, and at that very moment she saw inside you, past any facade, finding the true, selfless part that possesses unlimited love with no end. Surely it goes without saying you saw exactly the same thing in her? I too know this wonderful, magical sensation and guarantee it’s extremely rare. Exactly the same thing happened to your uncle and I more than forty years ago, and we’ll be together for all eternity, longer! 
I bet you’ve hardly spoken to her since, poor girl. Sam, I can’t explain how I know this, but I promise if you question her she’ll confirm every last detail. Constance is a beautiful young woman now and still sits and thinks about you when alone, wondering of times to come. Each passing year her visions and hopeful future expectations fade a little more. She will not come to you the way you are now, leaving fate in your hands. She thinks you at present a trifle too selfish and single minded, though knows deep down that is not your true heart. 
Go to her now child, when you have these points truly in hand, for soon it will be far too late - a girl of her sweet nature and singular looks will have a thousand suitors vying for her hand. We both know she will not wait forever - alas she cannot - she has too much love to give. 
I know you’ll give these points the greatest of thought because of the person you are and where they came from. Aunt Rose would rather die than steer you wrong, my special little boy! Sam, I trust you’ll make the correct choice. So looking forward to seeing you lovebirds in Pine Meadows!

In the meantime, 
Love from us both, 
Always.’

I foolishly waited nearly three years before opening this amazing note, wrongly believing it contained something entirely different. Of course Rose’s words were perfectly true. I felt strongly there had been an unspoken agreement between Constance and I that special day to be together in the future. Apart from a simple lack of courage, I’d long wondered what sort of life I could provide such a rare beauty. Didn’t she deserve far more than such a work centred bore? And the way I was then, I couldn’t possibly hope to provide her the happiness she truly deserved. I knew then as I know now, if I wasn’t truly happy, then neither could she be. Breeding such a situation would have been exceedingly selfish of me.
By the time I’d opened the note I’d left my stifling office, moving on to exciting design work, feeling far more confident with life and my place in it. So at dawn next day I sprung out of bed, knowing it was now or never, praying precious Constance hadn’t given up. 
Talk with mother revealed Constance had been travelling on the continent, but as fate would have it was now living with her mother, ten miles from town. There was no bus service out there, so I set out at a brisk pace, buying two attractive bunches of budding roses along the way, one white, one red. I gently coaxed a flower out in the middle of each bouquet, so perfume circulated freely. 
When I arrived at her home, earlier confidence sagged. Old doubts slyly crept in and I thought how incredibly foolish I’d look turning up unannounced after all this time. I’d barely spoken to poor Constance since school and felt thoroughly ashamed of that. My being here - did that not make me a bit of a chancer, a cad? Why would she even talk to me? This bright girl may well think me mad and set her dogs after my worthless hide. She may well be correct and I may well deserve it. 
I felt faint and weak. My stomach pulsed, tightening uncomfortably - a nasty, nagging pain crammed with nausea and sharp, stabbing pangs of hunger. So I stood at the end of the track, transfixed to the spot for a full fifteen minutes, shaking and willing the growing negative feelings to pass. After a while it became apparent they were here to stay, perhaps for good reason, and I was now of the mind that this may be part of my just punishment. 
I shuffled nervously up to the door, knocking ever so quietly. An infant could have knocked louder. Several long minutes passed. If no one were home, then all would be for naught, I just knew it. An old door lock chinked in pain and the door swung open slowly. I recognised the elderly lady from schooldays as Constance’s mother. Whoever she was expecting, ‘twere most certainly not me, for she started backwards in genuine surprise. 
“Constance please,” I mumbled, glancing uncomfortably at the floor. 
“One moment,” she whispered, leaving her door slightly ajar. Bare wooden stairs betrayed hurried clomping and a rush of muffled voices echoed round the wide hall. My heart fluttered uncontrollably, hearing nimble feet negotiating the long staircase a fair few steps at a time. The door creaked open and there she was – beautiful Constance Gray. Rose had been unnervingly correct; the angelic young girl was totally and utterly perfect. A vision in a bright blue dancing dress that must have been tailor made in the city of high fashion she’d been lucky enough to visit. Locks of golden hair shimmered radiantly and bronzed skin gleamed with a healthy, heavenly glow in warm sunlight streaming across the doorway.
Constance’s beautiful chestnut eyes lit up brightly when she saw me, but then her eyebrows moved upwards and stayed, while her arms folded automatically. “Sam?” she asked, tilting her head and pursing her lips tightly. One terribly uncomfortable silence followed and my legs trembled. “Constance, I’m so very sorry,” I said, crestfallen. 
She studied me closely for several agonising minutes. “I should say you are,” she declared, relaxing. “Are you here to stay Sam?”
“Yes, if you’ll have me.”
“Come in then, I’ll show you around,” she cried happily, taking my hand, granting me a gorgeous smile and accepting the flowers gratefully. ‘twas as if we were already an elderly couple, I’d been found guilty of a misdemeanour, had admitted it and been forgiven. 
Her mother sat by the fire, disguising her great interest in proceedings by knitting furiously. 
“Her gran always said she felt Constance was waiting for someone. Well, I never ever guessed it would be you Sam,” she confessed, smiling happily. “Here son,” she cried gleefully, rushing over to her dresser. From a specialised jewellery box she coaxed an antique golden necklace and an even older silver ring. Both had been sleeping there for quite some time. She hung the necklace around her beaming daughter’s neck and placed the magnificent silver filigree piece in my hand, pressing it firmly closed. “Mind you take good care of these precious gifts Sam Johnson, or gran and I will be back to haunt you!”
Edward, that was the most terrifying, surreal and happiest day of my life thus far. We married in a beautiful moonlight ceremony one year later, the 17th of June 1924 under the attentive gaze of a full and colourful moon. Constance confessed everything, confirming all Rose had said. That very week she’d almost given up on me ever courting her, blaming herself, wondering what she could have possibly done wrong. Just like me she’d told no one of her feelings, holding a crazy idea that if she did her life may not work out as planned. 
Most folk married far earlier way back then, some at sixteen. So, at the age of twenty three I’d gotten there just in time. No matter how much your dear mother likes to joke, our life together has been pure, unadulterated bliss. In forty six years I can’t recall a single argument. And to think I nearly missed out on all of it and all of you. Luck? Destiny? If only there were words far greater in imagination and infinitely more descriptive. 
Edward, I long for the moment when I’ll be able to discuss these events amongst many others in far greater detail. Please understand, due to time restraints I’ve simply been unable to tell of all events that transpired during and after Sir Ian’s visit, so have contented myself by setting down a few of the main events exactly as I remember them. I believe this is the best course of action for now. To finally be free to speak with a fellow human on this very subject with the gay abandon it begs would be nothing less than pure joy.

Your Loving Father,

Samuel Johnson.

END

Thanks for reading!
Enjoyed Sir Ian Peters?
Please email comments/questions to – glossyturnipstories@yahoo.co.uk  (Please name book in email title line, so I know it isn’t pesky spam!)
Other stories in my current collection include:
The Phantom of Pilberry Place
The Legend of Brandice May
Into The Light
All available as E books.


Pine Meadows 1920

 
