The McCall Initiative
Episode 1.1: Deception
Published by Webfoot Publishing at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Lisa Nowak
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
All rights reserved
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be resold or given away. No part of this ebook may be reproduced in any form, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form without prior written permission of the author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Cover design by Steven Novak
What if the Pacific Northwest seceded from the United States? In 2063, it has.
Episode Description: The climate change that’s devastated all but the Northwest corner of the U.S. has been around since before Piper Hall was born. She doesn’t spend much time thinking about it, the secession that created Cascadia, or the closed border, erected to keep out climate refugees. All she wants is to get through high school and earn a medical degree so she can pull her family out of poverty. Piper’s sure her little brother’s stories about poor people vanishing are just rumors—until she comes home to an empty house. Losing her future, her family, and her freedom and forced into hiding, Piper has to find a way to get to the bottom of the disappearances. But the only one who can help might be the very boy whose family has displaced her own.

Table of Contents
Dedication
Cascadia Map
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Acknowledgments
About the Author



Sign up for my new release newsletter and get a free copy of Dead Heat. Your email address will not be shared, and you can unsubscribe at any time. Click here, or type this URL into your browser: http://bit.ly/LisaNowakNewsletter
Dedication
This series is dedicated to Oregon’s finest governor, Tom McCall, who harkened in a wave of environmental awareness in the late ’60s and early ’70s that transformed the state and influenced the entire nation.
Among many other accomplishments, McCall was responsible for:
-  The first Bottle Bill in the nation. Nine other states have since adopted this legislation, and more are currently in the process of doing so.
-  The Beach Bill, which gives the public access to all beaches.
-  Land use planning, which protects the farm and forest land Oregon’s economy relies on and prevents urban sprawl.
-  The Bicycle Bill, which dedicates 1% of transportation funds to bike and pedestrian paths
-  Vortex 1, the first and only state-sponsored rock concert.
Tom McCall was a creative problem solver who believed in making short-term sacrifices for the long-term greater good. To learn more about this amazing man, visit the Tom McCall Legacy Project’s website: http://www.tommccall.org/
“Heroes are not giant statues framed against a red sky. They are people who say; This is my community, and it’s my responsibility to make it better.”
- Governor Tom McCall


Cascadia, 2063

Chapter 1
Piper
Portland, Oregon, Friday, May 18, 2063
My little brother Nick’s stories are so far-fetched, there’s no way anyone could believe them, but there’s something so compelling about the way he tells them, you just can’t help wondering.
“You know those rumors about how people are disappearing?” he asks, his black hair hanging in eyes that spark with excitement. “Well, I know what’s happening to them.”
And I’m sure he’s going to tell me all about it.
“The crimps—that’s what they call the guys who do the shanghaiing—they’re like dogcatchers,” Nick says, not disappointing. “They round up poor people and put them on big trucks, then they take them to this compound in eastern Oregon. It’s really spooky, with machine guns everywhere, and vicious dogs that’ll rip your arm right off your body. Everybody stays away because they think it’s a high-security prison. They say the U.S. government paid off President Cooper to put it in Cascadia so Americans wouldn’t have to deal with all those criminals. But really? It’s owned by a drug company. They use the people for drug testing. And sometimes they do other kinds of weird experiments, like seeing if they can transplant brains and stuff.”
My nine-year-old brother sits on the closed toilet lid, his mouth going a mile a minute as I get ready for my shift at OHSU.
“Don’t you think that’s a little over the top?” I touch up my eye shadow, keeping it discreet, the way it should be when you’re in the medical field. Some of the girls in the Junior Student Assistant Program plaster it on like they work in a strip club. Combined with the skintight jeans they wear, it’s enough to make the old guys in the cardiac unit go into v-fib.
“The disappearances aren’t real,” I add. “It’s an urban legend.”
“Grandpa thinks they’re real.”
“Oh, there’s an endorsement.” Much as I love my grandpa, I don’t believe half of what comes out of his mouth. He thinks the climate crisis was engineered by big box stores in the early 21st century so they could sell more air conditioners. He’s got a stash of cash under the floorboards in his room, along with a collection of hand-written journals, because he’s sure an electromagnetic pulse is going to wipe out all the computers any day now.
“If the disappearances aren’t real, how come there aren’t any homeless people anymore?” Nick asks, tossing his shaggy hair out of his face.
I lean in toward the mirror, sweeping mascara over the lashes of my left eye. “Maybe because the mayor didn’t want the capital of Cascadia to look like a giant armpit?”
“Right,” Nick says, giving me an eye roll full of pre-pubescent drama. “That’s what all you naysayers think.”
Naysayers. Now there’s a word straight off Grandpa’s lips. I’m going to have to talk to Mom about how he’s corrupting her only son. Not that there’s much she can do about it. Grandpa’s been living with us since the accident, and with Mom wrangling two jobs, she counts on him to watch Nick when I’m at work or my volunteer position at the hospital.
“If the disappearances were real, there would be documented accounts instead of just rumors, Nick. You should type up all that fiction and put it on Amazon. I hear there’s a high demand for conspiracy stories these days.” I drop my makeup into a drawer and push it shut. “Now get lost so I can use that toilet for its intended purpose.”
* * *
I walk several blocks through the cool May mist and catch the bus to Lloyd Center. Normally, I’d take the 66 straight across the Ross Island Bridge, but Grandpa needs a new journal, and the Nostalgia Store is the only place that still carries the kind of paper notebooks he likes.
That inconvenience is fourth on his list of pet peeves, right after low-flow toilets and the high cost of meat. The number one spot goes to self-driving cars. I guess when Grandpa was a kid, most families had more than one vehicle, and getting your driver’s license when you turned sixteen was a rite of passage. Now anyone can drive, but lots of people can’t afford to. Cars got crazy expensive to register after the first wave of climate refugees swarmed here in the early ’30s, causing major gridlock. We’ve been lucky to afford a car at all since Dad died and Grandpa moved in with us. But I don’t care. Riding public transit gives me a chance to do my homework, and I like watching the colorful people who “keep Portland weird.”
When I’m done at the mall, I catch the MAX—Portland’s light rail system. The train is crowded with commuters cutting out of work early on Friday, so I have to stand.
“Hey, Piper,” a guy calls to me.
“Uh … hey,” I say. Why’s he even talking to me? I recognize him from the Junior Student Assistant Program, but it’s not like that means we have to be buddies.
The train swooshes toward the city center, with riders piling on and off at each stop. Just before it goes across the bridge, it pulls into the Rose Quarter. A herd of people spills out, freeing up some seats, and I nab one. I glance out the window at the Rose Garden Arena, where Jefferson Cooper grins back from his re-election billboard. Among all the electronic signs-in-motion that plaster the sides of buildings and vehicles, the stillness of this one stands out. Doesn’t hurt that it’s four stories tall. Dressed in jeans, an untucked button-down shirt, and a sport coat, Cooper leans against an early Stumptown brick wall. His dark hair is short on the sides and long on top, with that disheveled-on-purpose sort of styling that makes my friend Bailey swoon. His full beard is so closely cropped it almost looks scruffy, and his brown eyes stare out at his constituency with a let’s-go-have-a-beer kind of friendliness. He’s the picture of casual leadership, which is pretty much what you get when you elect a rock star for president.
I turn away from the window. Even though it’ll only take ten minutes to get to Oregon Health and Science University up on Pill Hill, I’d like to pull out my laptop and finish the history chapter I’ll be quizzed on tomorrow. But I forgot to download it, and I know the craptastic city Net service isn’t going to let me access the cloud while I’m on the MAX. Despite the pro-Cascadia hype, not everything’s coming up roses in the Rose City. The thing I don’t understand is, if Jefferson Cooper’s as great as everyone says, why the hell can’t he get us some decent NetMax?
I entertain myself by looking out the opposite window at the Willamette River and Waterfront Park, which will be trampled into a muddy wasteland next week by Rose Festival crowds. Nick wants to go this year—he still remembers Dad taking him to the carnival when he was in kindergarten—but we never have the money. We don’t have the money for anything, which makes Nick’s stories and Grandpa’s conspiracy theories just a little bit spooky. If someone really is shanghaiing poor people off the streets of Portland, we’ll be the next to go. I want to help, but even if I win one of the twenty-five spots in the Senior Student Assistant program, and the scholarship that comes with it, I’ll have four years of college and four more of med school before I start making any money. Nick will be my age by then.
At the hospital, my shift goes smoothly. I don’t mind dealing with bedpans and vomit, because at least at OHSU we get to work with patients, even if it’s on a limited and closely monitored basis. High school volunteers at most hospitals are stuck pushing magazine carts and running errands. I could do a lot more than they let me, but I understand why that will never happen. The only official medical training I have is what I got when I joined the program last fall. Watching twenty million surgeries on YouTube and out-scoring most med students at Sim Surgery does not qualify one to be a doctor.
When I’m done at nine, I call to remind Mom I’m stopping by Bailey’s and won’t be home till late. She doesn’t answer. Huh. Usually she’s off work by now. Maybe she’s in the bathroom or got stuck pulling a long shift. I leave a message and, just in case, call Nick’s phone to make sure he knows not to expect me. He doesn’t pick up either.
Worry wiggles around in my gut. Nick always answers. Maybe I should go home to make sure everything’s okay. But it’s Bailey’s seventeenth birthday, and as much as I hate parties, I can’t stand her up. Of all my grade school friends, she alone braved the nerd alert issued on me in middle school and remained loyal all these years.
I fit my moldable plastic phone around my wrist and head for the locker room to get my backpack. I don’t bother shucking off my scrub shirt—the only part of the uniform they’ll let us wear, since they don’t want people mistaking us for someone who knows what they’re doing. It’s not dirty, and anyway, I sort of like being seen in it.
“Piper, can I have a minute?”
Dr. Alvarez stands in the doorway. She’s an angel in a lab coat. The one person who sees me as an individual in the mob of first-year JSAs. I hitch my backpack over my shoulder and follow her into the hall.
“I hear you’re going to stay with us for the summer,” she says as I fall into step beside her. She’s petite—a good two inches shorter than me—and she wears her dark hair in a long braid.
“Yeah. I don’t want to get rusty.” Normally, JSAs don’t work between their junior and senior years, but I managed to snag a shift.
Dr. Alvarez laughs. “I hardly think that’s possible. Let’s go to my office and have a chat.”
My heart races a little. I relish every minute she spares for me. Most Junior Student Assistants aren’t lucky enough to have a doctor show interest in them. Dr. Alvarez not only takes me seriously, she also gives me perks, like the access code to the hospital’s website, so I can watch training videos. Usually, people don’t get that privilege until they’re SSAs.
Once we’re in her office, Dr. Alvarez takes a seat behind her desk. I drop into the familiar chair across from her, glancing at the diplomas on the wall, the abundance of bonsai plants, and the neatly ordered desktop, with each item meticulously lined up. This is one of my favorite places. Someday, I’ll have an office just like it.
“So which medical advances are on the agenda today?” I ask. “The new Swedish drug that’s supposed to cure Alzheimer’s? That lab-grown kidney they say they’ve perfected at Oxford?” We’ve spent a lot of time discussing the latest developments. Before the climate crisis diverted so much funding, OHSU was cutting edge in research, but for the past thirty years, the Europeans and Japanese have been kicking our butts. It’s only since Cascadia broke away from the U.S. that we’re starting to gain ground. Of course, if President Cooper would dedicate as much money to medicine as he does to green energy, it might speed things up a little.
Dr. Alvarez smiles. “Actually, I’ve got something for you.” She slides a drawer open, pulls out a MedEval device, and places it on the desk. “I upgraded to the G6 model, and I figured you might enjoy having my old one.”
She sounds casual, like this is something she’d toss in the trash if I didn’t take it, but the fact is, she could’ve traded it in for credit.
“Thank you,” I say, lifting the monitor and finger clip off the desk. The two words aren’t anywhere near adequate, but I’ve always tanked at spilling my feelings. I hope the grin on my face gets the job done.
This is the single most awesome thing anyone has ever given me. I haven’t touched one since Dad showed me how to work the G4 model the ambulance service assigned him. This one’s smaller. The size of a phone instead of a tablet. I push the power button and slip the clip over my finger. After a few seconds, it wirelessly transmits my heart rate, temperature, blood pressure, and blood oxygen level to the screen. With the use of the two tiny electrodes tucked away in the back compartment, I could also run an EKG on myself. Tapping a button will let me save all the data to a patient’s file and add voice notes.
“You might want to be discreet with that,” Dr. Alvarez says. “Keep it at home for now.”
“Of course.” If I pull this thing out in front of the other JSAs, they’re going to think I got some special favor. We aren’t assigned MedEvals until we’re in the SSA program, and even then, they’re beat-up loaners.
“I really appreciate this,” I say, taking another shot at being human.
Dr. Alvarez smiles. “I know.”
I stuff the MedEval into my backpack then look up at her. She’s leaning forward, her hands steepled over her desk. The smile has disappeared, quick as spring snow on Mt. Hood.
“There’s something else I’d like to talk to you about, Piper.”
Uh oh. Dr. Alvarez has never said a harsh word to me, but something in her tone tells me she’s about to. How did I mess up?
“I’m glad you’re staying for the summer,” she says. “I want you to have a strong chance of getting into the SSA program, so I’m assigning you to a group where you’ll work closely with others. It’ll give you an opportunity to develop your skills as a team player. That’s the one area where you fall a little short.”
What? My face freezes, my smile going stiff and fake as shock threatens to melt it away. “I do everything anybody asks me to,” I say. “No matter who I get stuck working with.” The words pour off my tongue without passing through that part of my brain that’s supposed to act as a filter. Ah, crap.
Dr. Alvarez has the good grace not to mention the size eight sneaker planted firmly in my mouth. “Of course you do. Your reviews are exemplary in that regard. The nurses say you’re a joy to work with, and the patients rave about your compassion and willingness to go the extra mile. But your peers say you’re cold and wooden with them at best, and treat them like they’re beneath you at worst.”
The freeze travels down my neck until my whole body is in cryogenic lockdown. I can’t argue. It’s true. But how am I supposed to feel? While they were playing with Barbie dolls and skateboards, I was suturing pigs’ feet and making my paramedic Dad quiz me on the circulatory system.
“You’ve got a brilliant mind and great instincts, Piper. You’re going to make an excellent doctor. But if you can’t learn to be a team player, you’re going to cheat yourself out of the scholarship you’ll need to get there.”
I am a team player. It’s just that my team is my family, not a bunch of kids who want to edge me out of my one chance at getting a medical degree.
“I think you’ll like the project I’ve assigned you to,” Dr. Alvarez says, like she’s afraid I might implode if she doesn’t soften the blow she just delivered. “There’s a study over at Doernbecher for Magnusson-Bell Syndrome. That’s a—”
“Condition caused by a virus scientists accidentally created while genetically engineering cattle. Most people fight it off easily, but in little kids, the elderly, and anyone with a compromised immune system it leads to heart failure and—”
Dr. Alvarez lifts a hand to shut me up. “All right, you know what it is.” She shakes her head, the faint curve of her lips not a smile at all. “You don’t have to prove to me how smart you are, Piper.”
My face burns like a Colorado wildfire. Why do I have to be such a dork? “I’ll work hard on being a team player,” I say. If there’s one thing I know how to do, it’s apply myself.
“I hope so,” Dr. Alvarez says. “Because I’d hate to see you sabotage your career before it even begins.”


Chapter 2
Piper
Half an hour later, I’m standing on the front steps of Bailey’s house—one of the bigger ones in Ladd’s Addition—dreading what I’m about to do. Parties and I don’t get along. It wouldn’t be so bad if her parents were here, but they’re in Upper Seaside for the weekend.
Music and voices pulse through the door. I have the perfect excuse to go home—I need to find out why Nick didn’t answer the phone earlier, or again while I was on the bus—but Bailey’s expecting me. Anyway, the lack of response has to be a fluke. If there was an emergency, someone would’ve called.
I draw cool air deep into my chest, trying to forget Dr. Alvarez’s lecture and drum up my courage. The drizzle is still falling—a calm before the perfect storm. Hard to believe most of the U.S. is a sun-baked cinder this time of year. Except for less snow in the mountains, a few more dams on the rivers, and a big dead zone off the coast, the climate crisis hasn’t affected the Northwest much.
With my courage as drummed-up as it’s likely to get, I open the door and step inside. Half of Cleveland High must be crammed into the living room, dining room, and foyer. A fog of mojo smoke assaults my lungs, and the whole place reeks of pot. The full-wall video screen, streaming a music station, blasts sound and images that make me want to take shelter in the nearest closet. Only for Bailey would I subject myself to this kind of madness.
I spot her on the couch.
“Piper! Come sit.” Her voice beams across the room, about three shades more cheerful than normal. The toothy grin she flashes, and the warm Latina complexion that makes her look tan even in winter, came from her dad. She got lucky there. She could’ve wound up pale like me, with her mom’s Irish skin instead of just her auburn highlights and hazel eyes.
I push through the throng and lean down to give her a hug. “Happy birthday.”
As I take a seat beside her, I set my backpack on the floor and paw through it. Bailey’s dad owns condos and industrial properties all over town, so there’s really nothing I can buy that she doesn’t already have. All that leaves is picking out the funniest card in existence. It’s kind of become a tradition between us, trying to top each other every year.
I hand the envelope to Bailey. She slides a fingernail along the top to slit it, pulls out the card, and starts busting a gut. The guy to my left, Derek or Eric Something-or-other from English, offers me the pipe he’s holding. Judging by the look of people, it’s already made the rounds a few times.
“No thanks.” Mojo—a combination stimulant and hallucinogen—is supposed to be where it’s at these days, but why would I subject my brain to that crap?
Derek/Eric passes the pipe—which is appropriately shaped like a skull—to Bailey, who glances at me guiltily before handing it off to the girl beside her. No freakin’ way. Bailey Torres is stoned? I should’ve known something was up from the way she howled at my card, but getting buzzed is totally unlike her. She’s an athlete. Not just on a school team, but in club soccer, too. One of those hard-core types who play year-round in any kind of weather. She jokes about partying, but I’ve never seen her do more than take a few sips of beer. I’d better stick close.
The video wailing from the wall monitor ends, and another starts up—The Tom McCall Song. It’s an anti-U.S. protest that immortalizes a popular Oregon governor from the 20th century. Jefferson Cooper’s band, Frequent Deadly Lightning, released it years ago, before the McCall Initiative, but now that Cooper’s running for re-election, it’s huge again. Not that it needed the boost. It’s practically Cascadia’s national anthem.
The familiar lyrics pulse through the room:
Way back in the ’60s, a hundred years ago,
There was a man, who took a stand,
And made our state the promised land.
He saved our air and rivers, he made our beaches free.
When others came to stake a claim,
He said, “Just let us be.”
What we need now is a hero, a legend who can save us all.
What we need now is a hero, a man like Tom McCall.
The song might be the same, but the video is new. Someone combined original band footage with clips of Cooper’s rise to fame, from his early activist days to his election.
Who’s gonna be our savior, who’s gonna say “enough?”
Who’s gonna take our borders, and close them suckers up?
Superstorms slamming the East Coast, drought burning up the Midwest,
Wildfires in the Rockies, crops eaten up by pests.
A feast or famine of flood and drought,
The whole damn country’s a mess.
Popular moments from Cooper’s first three years as president flash across the screen: him cutting the ribbon at Coho Dam, breaking ground for a geothermal plant in BC, shaking hands with the project manager of the Moma Wind Farm.
As the chorus gives way to the final verse, the camera zeros in on Cooper jamming on his electric guitar, looking positively pissed off. This is the part that made the song go viral. The part that turned him into a legend.
The Northwest ain’t your Band-Aid, the Northwest ain’t your crutch.
It’s time to solve these problems and not just cover ’em up.
Stop leeching off our power supply.
Stop trying to drain our rivers dry.
We can’t save you all and we don’t wanna try.
Just go away and let us be.
What we need now is a hero, a legend who can save us all.
What we need now is a hero, a man like Tom McCall.
Tom McCall, you’ve gotta save us all.
Tom McCall, you’ve gotta save us all.
Tom McCall—please come back. We need a hero who can save us all.
Bailey, eyes glued to the screen, sighs as the song ends. “And six years later, he’s still scorching.”
I laugh. “He’s twice your age. Give it up.”
“He’s thirty-one. That’s only …” she stops to count on her fingers, “… fourteen years older. We could make it work. I’m open-minded.”
“Yeah, but his Secret Service would—” A burst of snickering breaks out on my left, and I turn to see the guy beside Derek/Eric playing with my MedEval. My backpack lies open on the floor. That son of a—
“Dude, check it out!” He holds up the monitor as he tokes off the pipe, which has made its way back around the room to him.
“Hey, give me that!” I reach for the MedEval, but Loser Boy sweeps it away, holding it up out of reach.
“Did you see what happened to my heart rate when I took a hit?”
“No kidding, dimwad. That oughta give you a clue about how stupid it is to smoke that stuff. Now give it back!” I latch onto the MedEval screen, and he releases it.
“Whatever you say, Doc,” he grunts, tossing the finger clip at me. I snatch it out of the air as he snickers and Derek/Eric joins in, along with a couple of others.
“Whassamatter?” Loser Boy motions toward my scrub shirt. “All your real clothes in the wash?”
Everyone stares at me, making my face burn. I stuff the MedEval into my backpack and jam it between me and Bailey on the couch.
She hooks an arm around my neck. “Grow up, jerk,” she says to Loser Boy. “Just because Piper knows what she wants to do with her life doesn’t give you any excuse to rip on her.”
“Aw, I was just messing around.”
“Well, do it somewhere else. This is an asshole-free zone.”
I want to get up and leave, and not just because I’m humiliated. But with Bailey sampling the stratosphere, I can’t. Even though she looks okay now, that could change fast if she keeps sucking that stuff down. What if some creeper tries to take advantage of her, or these bozos trash her house?
I stick it out until the end of the party, sitting by Bailey and trying not to think about what a craptastic night this has turned into. Chaos swirls around me, but my guilt-inducing presence keeps her from imbibing more mojo, and by the time everyone leaves, she’s border-line sober.
We throw the food scraps into the compost bin, pour the half-empties down the drain, and shove the furniture back into position. The place still looks like a superstorm swept through, but Bailey assures me she can take care of the rest tomorrow.
“Thanks for staying,” she says, twisting a long strand of hair around her finger. “I know it had to be your idea of hell.”
I shrug as I swing my backpack over my shoulder.
“And the mojo. It was twenty kinds of stupid. I could get kicked off the team for that.”
Right. Because nuking half a million brain cells is nothing, so long as you can still kick a soccer ball. “You’re not going to do it again, are you?”
She shakes her head.
“Okay. Then we’re cool.” I give her a hug and head out the door.
As I walk the twelve blocks home, I try not to psych over my conversation with Dr. Alvarez. It’s not like she’s ditching me from the program. It was just a warning. I’ve got three months to fix things.
I round the corner to see our house completely dark, and something cold skitters up my spine. Mom always waits up for me. Even if she crashed, the flicker of video should be spilling from the living room window. Grandpa lives for Midnight with Maddox.
Spooked, I jog up the driveway and onto the porch. The doorknob won’t turn in my hand. My heart thumps. Mom never locks up before I get home. Did something happen to Grandpa? A glance confirms our old beater Mazda’s still here. If Mom had to call an ambulance, she would’ve followed it in her car.
I yank my key out of my pocket, fighting to get it into the lock. When the door finally gives way, dead quiet greets me.
I flip on the light. “Mom? Grandpa?”
Silence.
The pounding of my pulse fills the void. Adrenaline surges through my veins. I hurry across the living room to check the kitchen. If something bad happened, Mom would leave a note where I’d be sure to see it—on the table, or the video screen. I find nothing.
Damn! Why didn’t I come home right after work? Why didn’t I pay attention to that first prickle of worry?
I head down the hallway, my breath tight in my chest. Nick’s door is closed. When I swing it open, I find the bed empty, the tangled blankets trailing to the floor. Fear grips me, an icy hand squeezing my heart.
“Mom?” My voice comes out in a shriek. I rush to her room, the hallway suddenly five miles long. No one here, either.
Shit. Oh shit! What’s going on?
I stand with one hand on the wall, trying to get a grip. Think, Piper. There has to be an explanation. But not one shred of logic can penetrate my rattled brain.
The slightest creak sounds behind me. I jump and turn. A man steps out of Grandpa’s bedroom. He raises his hand, and I don’t wait to see what’s in it. I just throw myself into Mom’s room, slamming the door behind me. My panicked fingers fumble with the lock, and then I’m rushing across the floor as the guy tries to kick his way in.
I slide open the window, rip loose the screen. Behind me, wood splinters and light floods in from the hallway. I scramble over the sill and into the night. There’s no time to think, no time to figure things out. I need to run, to hide. Instinct screams not to risk circling around the house, so I cut from our small, unfenced yard into the neighbor’s. I sprint down Woodward, up 22nd, along Taggart. If the guy is still on my tail, maybe I’ll lose him by changing course. My phone lets out the beep-beep-beep-squeal of an incoming emergency alert, but I ignore it. I don’t slow down until I’m across Division.
Finally I stop, leaning forward, hands on thighs. My breath rages through my throat. Now what? My family’s gone. Some maniac is after me. What am I supposed to do?
Bailey. She’ll help. She’s a goofball and a flirt—not exactly the type to step up in an emergency—but she’d rip her own kidney out of her body for me. I run to her house and knock on the door. It takes her only a second to answer.
“Piper! Get in here, quick.” She drags me inside.
“My family,” I gasp, falling back against the closed door. “They’re gone, just like in those stories Nick tells. There was a strange man in my house. I think he had a gun.”
“That explains the alert they just sent out.” Bailey wags her wrist phone in my face.
That was about me?
“There’s a warrant out for your arrest,” Bailey tells me, sounding fully sober now. “They say you held up some doctor at OHSU to get drugs.”
“What?”
“We need to go.” She pulls off her phone, tossing it on the coffee table. “They’ll know you’re here now.”
Crap. My phone. They can track me through it. I pull it off, dropping it to the table like it’s contaminated with flesh-eating bacteria.
Bailey scoops it up and snaps the moldable plastic back around my wrist. “No, we’ve got to use this to throw them off your trail. Let’s go.”
My mind is such a scramble, I can’t even ask questions. I follow her out the door, down the street, to the bus stop on 12th. The buses only run every fifteen minutes between midnight and 6 a.m., so we have to wait. I pace back and forth, yammering about what just happened. Bailey mutters soothing things. She’s freaking amazing. Not once has she stopped to ask questions—to wonder if that broadcast might be true. My eyes prickle, and the babble chokes off in my throat.
“Don’t lose it on me, Piper,” Bailey says, pulling me into a hug. “We’re gonna get rid of your phone, then I’ll take you some place safe, and tomorrow morning we’ll figure this whole thing out.”
Figure it out? How? My family’s gone. I’m a fugitive. My life is over.
The bus rolls up before I can put all that in words. I follow Bailey on board and we ride toward the MAX station. Questions keep cycling through my head. Where are Nick, Mom, and Grandpa? Who took them? Are they okay? My thoughts go back to the stuff Nick said about drug testing and weird experiments. I know those things can’t be true, but I didn’t think the disappearances were real either.
“I should’ve gone home,” I mumble, my head resting against the cool glass of the window.
“What?”
“I called Mom and Nick, but they didn’t answer. I should’ve gone home. Maybe I could’ve saved them.”
“Right. You just would’ve gotten nabbed, too.”
Maybe. Probably. But that doesn’t make me feel any less guilty. “This whole thing is whacked. Why would anyone go to so much trouble to set me up?” I keep my voice to a whisper even though there’s only a couple other people on the bus.
“They obviously don’t want witnesses. I’m guessing when you got away from the guy at your house, they let loose with that emergency alert. Probably had it ready to go, just in case.”
Who has that kind of power? Some weird Cascadian mafia? The government? I let out a breath and close my eyes, my head jiggling against the window every few seconds when the bus smacks a pothole.
Bailey’s fingers close over mine and squeeze. “Don’t worry, Piper. I’ve got your back.”
And she’s going to take on people who can control the police and media?
When we reach the transit center by the Rose Garden Arena, Bailey gets up, taking my hand to pull me with her. Like a mother undressing a little kid, she snaps the phone off my wrist. “Wait here.”
She jogs across the plaza to the raised platform for SuperMAX, the light rail that runs the heavily populated I-5 corridor between Medford and New Seattle. When a train whooshes to a stop, she slips through the open door and emerges a second later without the phone.
“There,” she says. “You’re now officially on your way to Medford.”
I gawk. I’ve never seen Bailey take charge like this. She’s lucky if she remembers her lunch money. Every thing she’s done—leaving her phone at home, taking me on the bus instead of in her car, luring the cops away from Portland—is like a carefully orchestrated surgery. Where did she learn to think on her feet like this?
“Now what?” I ask. Even though I’ve got a jacket, and the temperature must be in the upper fifties, I’m shivering.
“Now we get you off the streets.” Bailey slings an arm over my shoulders and directs me to the MAX yellow line.
We ride to the Albina/Mississippi stop, where she gets up and leads me out into the darkness. The streets are deserted.
“What are we doing here?” I ask.
“You’ll see.” She walks briskly, leading me up Albina, then down Russell, where she ducks into an empty parking lot that’s closed in on three sides.
“This is the White Eagle Saloon, one of Dad’s properties,” she says, cutting through an overgrown tangle of trees and vines to an outdoor seating area beside the long, narrow brick building. The vegetation is so thick it blots out the streetlights.
“The city wants to build condos here, so they’ve condemned everything on this block,” Bailey adds. “This place has been closed for almost a year, but they aren’t going to tear it down until next winter.” Her dad pays her a hefty allowance for helping him keep an eye on properties like this, reporting back to him about graffiti and anything that looks suspicious.
I follow her to the side door, where she punches a code into a keypad. Inside, the building is pitch black and smells faintly of stale beer and fry grease. Bailey pulls a light tube out of her purse and clicks it on. The plastic gives off a bright white glow that illuminates a ten foot circle around us and makes the few remaining chairs and tables cast eerie shadows against the walls.
“You can stay here as long as you need to,” Bailey says. “I’ll bring you some clothes and food tomorrow.” She sets her purse down on the bar. “C’mon, let’s go upstairs to see if the last owners left behind any mattresses or bedding.”
The full extent of what I’m up against only now sinks in. I’m going to have to camp out in this creepy old tavern. For days, maybe. Thank God Bailey seems to know what she’s doing. Without her, I would’ve collapsed in the street by now, a zombified mess.
I follow her outside. She takes me around to the back of the building and up an open metal staircase. The lights of downtown Portland glimmer from just across the river. Even with the darkness hiding me, I feel exposed up here on the landing. I huddle against the wall and dart inside as soon as Bailey opens the door.
“This was the hotel,” she says. “It’s not accessible from the bar. It’d probably be more comfortable than downstairs, but if you have to get in and out, you’ll be too visible coming up the back steps.” She leads me along the narrow hallway, opening one door after another to shine her light into the tiny rooms. We find a small closet, but there’s nothing inside.
“The front entry’s out, too,” Bailey says. “It’s in plain sight of Widmer Brewery down the street, and their restaurant gets a lot of traffic. Your best bet’s coming in and out the way I showed you. Unless we can find the tunnel.”
“Tunnel?” It’s the first word I’ve said since we got off the MAX.
“Yeah, there’s supposed to be one that leads to the waterfront, but it’s been closed off for eons. Rumor has it, guys used to get shanghaied out of the bar in the early twentieth century and dragged through the tunnel to ships waiting on the river, but really it was probably just used to bring in illegal liquor. This place is supposed to be haunted, too, so if someone sees you, maybe you’ll get lucky and they’ll think you’re a ghost.”
The way she’s talking—like I’m destined to spend the rest of my life camped out in a derelict building—sucks my already-tanked mood into a bottomless pit. Is that all I can expect now? In the course of an hour, I went from being an ambitious, law-abiding high school student to becoming a wanted criminal. A wanted criminal without a family. My mind darts off in twelve directions, all of them sinister. Shut up! I scream silently at myself. You can’t think like that. You just can’t.
Bailey opens a door near the front of the building to reveal a bigger room with a bed. “Bonus!”
We lug the mattress down the stairs, through the narrow gap in the vegetation, and into the bar. After we thump it onto the small, wooden stage in the back corner, Bailey flops down on top of it. I wiggle out of my backpack and tuck it into the space between the mattress and wall before collapsing beside my friend, breathing hard. Staring up at the ceiling, I try not to think.
“We can check the basement for bedding,” Bailey says after a long silence.
“Don’t worry about it.” I don’t give a rat’s right foot about bedding. How can I care about anything like that now?
My eyes tear as the stillness lets all my fears rush me at once. My throat goes tight, but I manage to squeeze a few words past the obstruction. “What if they hurt them, Bailey …? What if they killed them?”
She turns toward me, propping herself on one elbow. “They didn’t! You listen to me, Piper. Your family is okay, and we’re going to find them. You got that?”
My eyes fill, and I close them, feeling the hot wetness of tears run down my temples and into my hair.
Bailey shakes my shoulder. “You got that, Piper?”
“Y-yeah,” I gulp.
“Good.” She lays back down, her arm draped across my rib cage and her forehead pressed against my cheek as I cry.
I’d like to believe this new take-charge Bailey can fix everything. But deep down, I know I’m screwed.


Chapter 3
Logan
Several days prior, Chicago, Illinois
I inch forward, mindful of my footing. Three of my best men are right behind me. We slink along the canyon floor, watching for tripwires and landmines. As dusk settles around us, each step becomes more treacherous. Acrid smoke from a smoldering village burns my throat, and I stifle a cough in the sleeve of my fatigues. The slightest sound could tip off the enemy.
My team is exhausted. They need rest, but I know not one of them will utter a single word of complaint. They are the very definition of courage and loyalty.
A few hundred feet more, and we’ll be at the base of the hill. If we can get to the top and plant the bomb, we can neutralize this outpost and gain control of the entire sector.
The hard-packed ground ahead, which should be easy to navigate, is obscured by scattered rock and small rivulets of soil, dislodged from the canyon wall by recent bombings. I step forward tentatively and—
“Logan!”
My attention is diverted for only a split-second, but that’s enough. My foot comes down wrong and bam! A flash of sound and light knocks me backward, blowing my legs into a million bloody pieces.
“Turn that thing off, Logan. I need to talk to you.”
The virtual reality is so lifelike, I feel an electric sting all the way up my thighs. I push a button on the armor at the back of my left wrist and the simulation ends, leaving me staring at the inside of my darkened visor. My back throbs from landing on the game room’s floor. I flip up the helmet to see Dad staring down at me. He’s five-foot-eight and thirty pounds overweight—so pale and doughy, you’d swear his skin has never seen sunlight and his only exercise consists of wrestling donuts out of a box. But put his engineer’s brain up against my athlete’s body in an equalized competition, and he’d kick my butt.
He retracts the rear screen, opening the room to expose the furniture in back, and sits down on the couch. I continue to lie on the floor. Even though I know it wasn’t really my flesh scattered all over that canyon, it takes me several moments to recover from the shock.
Dad shakes his head as I finally hoist myself to my feet. “Still playing those shoot ’em up games. I can’t for the life of me figure out how I raised a violent kid.”
It’s got nothing to do with violence. It’s about strategy—about taking a team of men on a dangerous mission and keeping the casualties to a minimum, about outwitting an enemy that has you out-powered, outnumbered, and backed into a corner. But it’s no use trying to explain this to him. He didn’t understand the first two dozen times. He doesn’t get why I play football either.
Still feeling a little shaky, I lower myself onto a chair. “What’s up, Dad?”
He strong-arms his frown into a smile. “I’ve got good news. We’re moving to Portland.”
“Maine?” Inside I’m screaming what the hell? But I’d never disrespect him by saying it out loud. “Well,” I venture, “it’s cooler there at least. That will be good for Zoey.” Of course with superstorms hitting the East Coast every couple of years, and the shoreline being swallowed up by the rising sea, Maine’s problems are nearly as bad as Illinois’.
“No,” Dad says, “the other Portland. Portland, Oregon.”
He can’t be serious. The border’s been closed for four years. “How? Nobody can get into Cascadia.”
“There are exceptions.”
“What—did you buy our way in?” I grin, meaning it as a joke. Sure, we have that kind of money, but my father is the most honest, ethical man I know.
“Of course not!” His expression crumbles into a scowl. “That kind of thing doesn’t really happen. A headhunter from Intel recruited me.”
“Really? That’s great.” It’s a monumental honor. Dad’s a software engineer, and he’s wanted to work at Intel for a long time. They’re the largest, most powerful computer component company in North America, and they’re very selective about who they hire.
But as happy as I’d like to be for Dad, I’m stunned at the idea of moving. I only have one year of high school left, and I’m captain of our football team. Besides, I don’t want to leave my JROTC battalion. I’m sure Cascadia’s got a program of their own, but it wouldn’t be the same.
Of course, I can’t tell him any of this. It’ll just lead to another lecture about what I should be doing with my life. And while I’m not willing to sacrifice my identity to win his approval, I can at least earn some respect by not arguing.
“The important thing is, this will mean getting your sister out of Chicago,” Dad says. “The climate in Oregon will be much easier on her. And a new study just opened up for Magnusson-Bell at Doernbecher Children’s Hospital. One of the treatments is showing real promise.”
It’s the best news we’ve had in years. “Can you get her in?”
“Of course. That’s one of the agreements.”
I’m afraid to let myself have any hope. Zoey’s eleven, and no one with Magnusson-Bell Syndrome has lived past the age of nineteen. Usually, they’re lucky to make it to seventeen.
“I know this is short notice,” Dad says. “But we’ll be leaving next Monday.”
“What?” This time, I can’t keep my irritation to myself. “There are only a few weeks left before summer vacation. Why can’t we wait until school’s out?”
Dad releases a long sigh. “Logan, we’ve already had three blackouts this spring. The weathermen are saying it’s gearing up to be the hottest summer yet.”
For people like me, the heat is only an inconvenience, but for the sick and elderly, it’s deadly. Still, we’re talking about less than a month, and it’s not like we don’t have ways of coping.
“Zoey does okay in the cool room,” I say. The small space at the center of the house is insulated by the rooms around it, so it stays relatively comfortable during our power-outages, which sometimes last for weeks.
“The cool room is a joke. It barely keeps her from getting overheated, and your mother thinks it’s unhealthy for her to be hiding in the dark like a mole.”
He knows as well as I do, Zoey doesn’t care about being stuck in a windowless room. The heart problems caused by her MB have limited her physical world so much she’s had to build a virtual one. As long as she has her computer, she’s happy.
“I know this will be a big change for you.” Dad stands up to signal he’s done with the conversation. “But it’s the opportunity of a lifetime. Not just anyone gets to immigrate to Cascadia.”
That’s true. A good majority of Americans would give everything they own for the chance. And I’m not completely opposed to the idea. What Jefferson Cooper did, leading an uprising and peacefully breaking away from the U.S., is nothing short of amazing. I’d love to learn more about it from an insider’s perspective. But my goal since junior high has been to go into the Army.
How can I do that if I’m no longer a U.S. citizen?
* * *
Over the next few days, I silently stew about the impending move, hunting for alternatives. My friend Paulo’s family might let me spend my senior year with them. I doubt Dad would pay my room and board, and it’s virtually impossible for anyone under eighteen to find work in Chicago, but Mom might take pity and give me the money.
I ultimately dismiss the plan and the half-dozen others I come up with. It’s not that they aren’t workable. It’s Zoey. I’ve accepted that joining the military will mean missing out on the last few years of her life. What I haven’t planned on is losing the upcoming one. That’s too much of a sacrifice. I have no choice but to go to Cascadia.


Chapter 4
Piper
The White Eagle Saloon, Saturday, May 19, 2063
All night long, my mind bobs to the surface of consciousness, and I will myself back into oblivion, hoping the next time I wake up, this will all just be a nightmare. Eventually, the trick stops working. A little light seeps through the overgrown bushes around the side door to tell me it’s morning. I lie on the bare, funky-smelling mattress, paralyzed by my new reality as I stare at the ceiling and listen to Bailey snore.
The scene from last night keeps replaying in my mind, but no matter how many times I go over it, I can’t change it. What if I never see Mom or Nick or Grandpa again? A tightness grips my chest, making it hard to breathe. It’s not the first time I’ve been through this. I guess I should be grateful that at least now there’s hope, even if it’s slim. Three-and-a-half years ago, I wasn’t so lucky.
Memories rush in to ambush me. Rain pounding down outside, the smell of turkey filling the house, Dad telling me he’ll be back in an hour, and that I can’t go with him to pick up Grandma and Grandpa because I have to help Mom with Thanksgiving dinner.
We didn’t really worry when that hour stretched into two, but then there was a knock at the door. The cop standing on our front porch told us there’d been an accident. We forgot the turkey in our hurry to get to the hospital, where we sat up all night. But there’s only so much anyone can do when things are that bad. The next day, the father who’d been my whole world—who’d urged me to follow my dream of being a doctor the way he wished he had—died.
For weeks, the rest didn’t matter. The only thing I could think about was the chasm of emptiness I was drowning in. And then Grandpa came to live with us because the accident had cost him everything, killing his wife and son and putting him in a wheelchair. That was right after the whole secession thing happened, so medical coverage—shifting from the U.S. National Health Service to the Cascadian version—was a mess. Grandpa was left with huge debts, while Dad’s hospital bills sucked up every bit of his life insurance and almost cost us our house.
Beside me, Bailey snorts and rolls over, rubbing a hand across her face.
“Piper, are you awake?”
I scramble to pull myself together, to shove those awful memories back in the vault. “Yeah.”
“Are you okay?”
How am I supposed to answer that? I’ll be damned if I’m going to cry again, but my throat aches from holding back tears.
Bailey pushes herself up on one elbow and looks at me. “Your family’s okay, Piper. I’m sure of it. Whoever’s taking these people is probably just dumping them outside the border. We’ll get this figured out.”
“How?” My voice sounds hollow. “Nobody believes the disappearances are real.”
“Right,” Bailey says, nodding. “People don’t want to think anything bad can happen in Cascadia, so they ignore the rumors. But we know they’re true now, right? And that means there must be evidence somewhere. We’ve just gotta find it.”
“Don’t you think someone’s already tried?”
Bailey runs a hand through her long, tangled mess of hair, sweeping it out of her face. “Maybe. Maybe not. These people are going to an awful lot of trouble to track you down, so my guess is, they don’t want to leave stragglers behind. They probably target small families so there won’t be anyone left to ask questions.”
I go on staring at the ceiling. Bailey’s argument doesn’t explain why no one’s heard back from the people who got abducted. If they’re safely outside the border, why haven’t they gone online and raised a big stink?
“It’s not gonna do you any good to lie here stewing about it,” Bailey says, squeezing my arm. “C’mon, get up. You’ll feel better with some food in your stomach.” She swings her legs over the side of the stage’s low platform and reaches for her purse. After digging around in it for a few seconds she says, “Ah, here we go. The breakfast of champions.”
She pulls out a bag of peanut M&Ms—Cascadian edition. Even when the secession threatened to take away a good chunk of their electrical supply, the Mars Corporation couldn’t resist an opportunity to make a buck.
Bailey pours some green, white, and blue candies into her hand and tries to force them on me.
“Maybe later.” What I really want now—what I’d practically kill for—is a good cup of coffee.
I get up and head for the bathroom, which is behind the stage at the very back of the building. After I do my business, I splash water on my face and try to swish my teeth clean. This is even worse than the camping trips Mom and Dad used to drag me on. At least then I had a toothbrush.
Feeling dirty and disgusting, I schlep myself out to the main room. There’s not much light coming from the side door, which is right at the end of the bar on the east wall, but more oozes from the windows at the front of the narrow building. Even though we’re far enough back from them that there’s virtually no risk of somebody accidentally seeing us, I still feel like I’m walking through Waterfront Park in my underwear.
“Wouldn’t you know it, not a single drop of booze,” complains Bailey, who’s rooting around behind the bar. “All the last owner left were a few glasses, half a box of napkins, and these stupid drink umbrellas.” She dumps a handful of them on the bar then slips out from behind it. “C’mon, let’s go do a little reconnaissance in the basement.”
I’m up for anything that’ll distract me, so I follow, shivering in the tavern’s chill.
To get to the staircase, we have to cut through a tiny kitchen tucked along the center of the wall opposite the bar. Bailey steps inside and flips on the light, stopping a minute to take inventory.
I lean against the doorjamb and wait. There’s not much in here but a carton of salt, a couple of beat up pots and pans, and a huge grill and stove assembly that looks like it wasn’t worth anyone’s time to haul away. Bailey spots one of those little dorm refrigerators under the counter and plugs it in.
“Hey, it works,” she says. “Now you’ll be able to store some real food.”
Shouldn’t she sound a little more regretful about the prospect of me being stuck here that long?
“Won’t your dad notice the electricity?” I ask.
Bailey shrugs and heads for the staircase. “If he does, it won’t be for, like, a month. But probably not, because there’s solar panels on the roof.”
“How do you know these things?”
“Simple. This was a bar. They needed to keep their beer cold and their music hot, which was kinda hard to do with the power cutting out the way it used to when the U.S. was sucking us dry. Solar kept places like this in business.”
I guess she must’ve learned that kind of thing from her dad, but it’s another side of Bailey I’ve never seen.
She leads me down into a creepy, windowless basement, where the concrete floor is so uneven it looks like it was allowed to set the way it was poured. Pipes and wires, which seem more modern than the rest of the building, hang low over our heads. A brick wall divides the front of the basement east to west, and another separates the north end from the south.
“The entrance to that tunnel I was telling you about is supposed to be under here.” Bailey kicks a wooden platform that covers the floor at the foot of the stairs. “C’mon. Help me lift this.”
I grab one corner of the structure, which is maybe six inches tall and four by five feet across. We heave, raising the front edge. Underneath, the concrete looks different. Like someone patched it with a porous, substandard material and ran out before they got the job done. The area is wet and cluttered with old drink coasters, scrap lumber, and a single Pabst Blue Ribbon can.
“Well, obviously nobody’s cleaned under here in a while,” Bailey says, toeing the container. “Didn’t the PBR guys bite it, like, twenty years ago?”
I shrug. “Sorry. I don’t keep up on the alcoholic beverage culture. Doesn’t look like much of a tunnel entrance, though.”
“Of course not. They filled it in. But maybe we can bust through.”
“Maybe you can.” There’s no way I’m going outside as long as people are chasing me, and if I change my mind, I’ll use the door.
“Fine.” Bailey lets go of the platform. Gravity rips it from my fingers, and it thumps to the ground.
She turns to explore the basement, which is mostly empty except for a walk-in cooler, a regular-sized freezer, and a set of shelves that holds rejected towels and bedding. A few empty boxes lie around on the floor.
“Can we go back upstairs?” I ask. “It’s a little creepy down here.”
“You’re probably sensing one of the ghosts,” Bailey says as she sorts through the linens. “I was kinda hoping we’d have seen one by now.”
“Ghosts, hell. It’s rats I’m worried about. You don’t really believe in that woo woo stuff, do you?”
“Maybe.” She leads me back toward the staircase. “There are at least two of them. Rose was a prostitute who lived in the brothel on the second floor. She was supposedly stabbed by a jilted lover. The other ghost is Sam. The owner took him in as a little kid and gave him a job. He lived here his whole life. Y’know that room where we got the mattress? That was where he stayed.”
We go upstairs, and I help Bailey put sheets on the bed. When my stomach growls, she hands me what’s left of her bag of M&Ms. I’m desperate enough to eat them. At least they’ve got caffeine.
“Now what?” I say.
“I need to get you some food and stuff. Maybe while I’m gone, you can go online and see if you can learn anything about the disappearances.”
The idea gives me a glimmer of hope, so after she spruces up her hair and makeup, tells me the code for the alarm system, and takes off, I fish my backpack out from behind the mattress. When I reach inside for my laptop, my fingers brush against the MedEval. A weird little pulse shoots through me. That part of my life is over now. I’ll never get into med school—never become a doctor—because everyone thinks I’m a violent drug addict. Does Dr. Alvarez believe that, too? Shame wells up at the thought. How could everything go so wrong so fast?
I pull out my laptop. The Net service gods smile on me, maybe because I’m not zipping along on the light rail, but panic surges the second my browser pops open. Can the kidnappers trace me through a computer the way they can through a phone? I scrabble through memories of crime shows and movies. I’m pretty sure it’s as hard to pinpoint someone on the Net as it is to get a good fingerprint from a crime scene. But to be safe, I don’t check my email or go to any sites that’ll log me in.
A search brings up a page full of hits. I spend the next few hours exploring them while my stomach gripes about having nothing but M&Ms in it. Every time my thoughts wander off in a pessimistic direction, I rein them in. Breaking down and blubbering like I did last night isn’t going to get me anywhere.
My research tanks what little hope I had. I don’t learn anything useful. It’s all rumors and speculation from secondhand sources—people who say a best friend’s boyfriend or a family in their neighborhood disappeared. There’s nothing from anyone who was actually abducted.
Why’s there no trace of these people? Shouldn’t employers and schools be reporting them missing? Who’s taking them, and how are they covering their tracks? It doesn’t make sense.
The authorities say there’s no evidence of foul play—that everyone who’s been reported missing moved voluntarily. People who believe in the disappearances argue nobody would leave Cascadia of their own free will. They think poor people are being deported to make room for rich Americans, who are buying their way in.
When I finish my research, I’m tempted to check the news websites to find out what they’re saying about me, but I don’t have the guts. I’m not sure I could handle seeing people from OHSU spreading lies about me. I fall back on the mattress, my belly gurgling, and wonder what the hell I’m going to do next. How are we supposed to find my family if there’s no clue where to start?
I hear something outside the door, and panic explodes through my body. Crap! Maybe they can track someone through a computer! I jump up and run to hide in the bathroom, my heart trying to beat its way out of my chest.
The door creaks open. “Piper? Where are you?”
I slink into the main room, my face hot with embarrassment. Of course it’s Bailey. Get a grip, Piper.
She drops a huge duffel bag on the bed and shucks off her over-stuffed backpack. “Sorry I was gone so long. I had to go to the house and then hit a couple of stores. And I figured you’d want this.” She unzips the backpack, letting the delicious odor of greasy fast food waft out. McDonald’s. Judging from the smell, she even sprang for real meat, not the veggie dreck I’m used to.
“I don’t suppose you’ve got a cup of coffee in there?”
“Nope. Sorry.”
“That’s okay,” I say, and take the bag. “This is great.” Not bothering to sit down, I tear into the Big Mac and fries as she unpacks everything else. Food, toilet paper, a pillow and blanket, soap, a toothbrush, shampoo, even a few changes of clothing that look like something my little brother would wear.
“Stylish,” I say around a mouthful of hamburger.
“Well, if you need to go out for anything, you can’t be running around in your regular clothes—especially not those scrubs. You’re gonna need a disguise. Which is why I got you this.” She pulls a long blond wig out of the duffel bag.
I snicker. Does she really think people will buy that? It might cover my short black hair, but with my dark eyebrows, it’ll look about as natural as fried chicken in one of Portland’s ubiquitous vegan restaurants.
I swallow my last mouthful of fries and lick salt off my fingers. “So, am I still making headline news?”
“Oh yeah. You’re supposedly armed and dangerous. A couple of guys have my house staked out, too. I had to sneak in and pretend I’d been there all night. When I left, they ambushed me and tried to follow my car, but I dodged ’em in traffic. I parked at Lloyd Center, turned off my phone, and then took the bus to get this stuff.”
“Sheesh, Bailey,” I say, shaking my head as I drop into a chair. “How’d you think of all that? It’s like you’ve been leading this secret double life or something.”
She shrugs. “I always kind of wanted to have an adventure, you know? I’ve been waiting for something exciting to happen since third grade. I thought maybe the secession movement would be my chance, but no, I have to go on leading a boring, pampered-rich-girl life.”
My skin flares cold and my stomach tenses around the food I just stuffed in it. For a second, I can’t say a word. Then my true thoughts spill out. “So this is all just fun and games to you?”
“Piper, no—” She breaks off, her eyes widening into a boy-did-I-just-screw-up look.
“You realize this is my life we’re talking about, right? Not just some chance for you to play hero?”
Bailey sinks onto the bed, her expression sagging right along with her body. “Oh man, I’m sorry. I didn’t think about it that way.”
Part of me wants to punch her, and the rest is just grateful she’s smart enough to have everything figured out. The two feelings wrestle with each other until the second one squashes the first. Bailey might be a little crazy, but she loves me.
“It’s okay,” I say, forcing some flippancy into my tone. “At least your grandiose delusions came in handy.”
She manages a smile, but her eyes are glistening. “I really didn’t mean to blow off your problems, Piper. I know this has gotta be hell.”
I get up and go over to put my arms around her. “Yeah, but you’re going to help me fix it, right?”
“That’s right,” Bailey says, hugging me back fiercely. “Whoever took your family better watch their asses, because I plan on kicking them clear to New Seattle.”


Chapter 5
Piper
Since Bailey’s parents are out of town, she commits to spending another night at the White Eagle. But first she abandons me to play soccer.
“I’m sorry,” she says, giving me a hug. “But I can’t let my team down.”
She comes back late that afternoon bearing fast food, coffee, spray paint, and her old tablet, loaded with books.
After dark, we black out all the glass in the doors and windows, which makes me feel more secure. It’s not until morning, when Bailey swings the side door open and sunlight peeks inside, that I realize we’ve turned the already-gloomy tavern into a tomb. It’s the first nice weather we’ve had in days, and I ache to go out and soak up the sun like a lizard, but I can’t force myself within ten feet of the doorway. Bailey tries to convince me I’ll be perfectly safe in the outdoor seating area—the bushes and vines are so overgrown it would be impossible for anyone to see me—but I can’t risk it. I was too scared to even sneak up the back staircase last night to take a shower.
“You’re being paranoid,” Bailey says.
I know. But I can’t help it. It feels like bad guys are hiding everywhere, waiting to snatch me. Even the trucks rumbling by on Russell make me jump.
At noon, Bailey takes off again. She’s got another soccer game, plus she needs to finish cleaning up the mess from the party before her parents get home. I’m on my own all day. That’s when I find the nerve to look myself up on the Net, using Bailey’s tablet, just in case I’m wrong about them not being able to track me on my laptop. I hate that I’ve waited this long, that I didn’t have the guts to face up to things yesterday. But since Friday night, I’ve been trapped in a soul-sucking fog that’s barely left me enough energy to eat and breathe.
The news is as bad as I expected. They interviewed kids in the JSA program, and none of them have anything nice to say.
“Piper was always a little strange,” comments one guy I barely recognize. “She never talked much.”
“It doesn’t surprise me she’d pull a gun on someone,” says another girl. “She was kinda creepy, y’know?”
A doctor I’ve never met claims I held him up and threatened his life, demanding oxycodone. I keep reading, my whole body tense, dreading what Dr. Alvarez might’ve said, but there’s no word from her.
The story goes on to report that my phone was found on the SuperMAX south of Eugene, and that I’m armed and dangerous, just like Bailey said. If anyone sees me, they’re supposed to contact authorities immediately. Right. Because if they try to apprehend me themselves, I might blab the truth about the kidnappings.
The only thing I learn on the other news sites is that my family supposedly moved to southern California on short notice when my mom got a job offer, and I stayed behind to finish my junior year. Pretty much what the police said about everyone else who’s been reported missing.
It’s only ten-thirty when I finish reading. I’ve still got the whole day to kill. And the one after that. And the one after that. A thick, dark gloom settles over me. Am I going to be stuck in this hellhole forever? Bailey said she just needs time to figure things out, and so far she’s been right about pretty much everything. But what if she can’t come up with a plan? What if this is all I can expect from the rest of my life?
Longing wells up inside me. A deep need to plunge into the refuge I always seek when things get bad. My future in medicine might be over, but right now, the only thing that’ll make me feel better is to lose myself in that world.
I can’t risk logging into the Amazon cloud to read my medical books, so I settle for surfing the Net, steering clear of OHSU’s student training database. Even if the code Dr. Alvarez gave me still works, using it might be the tip-off that’ll get me busted. There are a lot of other good websites, though. I spend hours watching surgery videos on YouTube and trying not to think of my family. But the memories sneak in.
I picture Grandpa, who alternately drives me nuts with his conspiracy theories and cracks me up with his raunchy humor. I think of Nick, who’s always living adventures in his head when he’s not acting as Grandpa’s legs so he won’t have to give up on pruning shrubs and planting pansies. I remember Mom, who spends her days teaching kindergarten then wears herself out waitressing at night so we won’t lose our house. She insisted on me signing up for a summer shift in the JSA program, even though I could’ve spent the twenty hours a week flipping burgers to bring in extra cash.
I have to find my family. Failing isn’t an option. The idea of never seeing them again snatches the breath right out of my chest.
It’s almost eight o’clock when Bailey comes back, bringing a coffee maker, a bag of groceries, and a mocha shake from the new gourmet ice cream shop on Mississippi. She sets everything on the table of the booth I’ve staked out in the corner opposite the stage. The scent of fresh spring air clings to her. It seems like a year since I’ve been outside.
“You doing okay?” she asks, flopping on my bed and narrowly missing a bag of potato chips.
I suck on my milkshake, welcoming the merciful rush of sugar and caffeine. “I guess. How was your game?” I’m desperate to talk about something—anything—other than the mess I’m in.
“Good. We smoked ’em, 4-0.” Bailey fishes a chip from the bag and pops it into her mouth. Kicking off her shoes, she stretches out on my bed and rests her feet on the brick wall above my pillow.
As she makes her way through my chips, we talk about her soccer club, and that leads to a discussion of how the Timbers, Portland’s major league team, are kicking butt this year. I don’t give a rat’s right foot about this stuff, but it’s a distraction.
“They’re playing New Seattle next Friday,” Bailey says.
Even I know this is a major event, since the Sounders—or “Flounders,” as Bailey refers to them—are Portland’s biggest rival. “You going?”
“Hell no. I heard Jefferson’s supposed to be there.” Bailey never calls him Cooper, or even the president. With her, he’s always just Jefferson, like they’re buddies or something. “Not that I wouldn’t mind sharing a private suite with him, but it’s always a pain in the ass when the Secret Service shows up.”
“Just imagine if Sarto went too.” Before he was vice president, Sarto used to be the mayor of New Seattle, and he’s still a huge Sounders fan. The rivalry between the two cities and their soccer teams keeps him and President Cooper constantly ribbing each other.
“They won’t let that happen,” Bailey says. “Those two never go to games together. All it would take is one well-placed bomb, and boom, there goes the Cascadian government …. Plus we’d lose the Timbers.”
“Yeah,” I say with a straight face. “That would be just as tragic.”
She picks up my pillow and flings it at my head. “It would be!”
I toss it back, and for a few seconds we’re engaged in battle, like two normal teenagers on any ordinary day. It feels good to laugh, but Bailey gives up way too soon, letting the pillow lie where it falls.
“I need to get going. My parents just got home, and they’re being all clingy.” She bites her lip, giving me a look like she’s dipping her toe in a lake, debating about whether or not to plunge in. “You gonna be okay?”
Even though there’s no difference between night and day with the windows blacked out, the idea of being here by myself after dark feels lonely. “Sure,” I say with a shrug. “I better get used to it, right?”
Bailey gives up the lip chewing and moves on to twisting her long, dark hair around a finger. “Why don’t you let me talk to my dad about this? Maybe he—”
“No!” As bad as today was, I’m not ready to trust anyone other than her. Just the idea of it sends fear slicing through me.
“Piper …”
“I can’t risk it. Anyway, aren’t those guys still watching your house?”
“Well … yeah,” she admits.
“They’ve probably got your phone tapped, too. Maybe they’ve even got the place bugged.”
Bailey studies me, her eyes a little sad, and finally nods. “Okay. I’ll keep it to myself.”


Chapter 6
Logan
Chicago, Illinois, Monday, May 21, 2063
The morning we leave, it’s seventy-five degrees by eight o’clock. For the past ten days, temperatures have reached the upper nineties, only dipping into the seventies at night.
Zoey’s buckled into our SUV with her laptop, and I’m loading up our bags when Dad comes out to tell me to take Mom’s duffle back inside.
“What?” I turn to see an uncharacteristically rigid expression on his face. “Why?”
“Don’t argue with me, Logan!”
The outburst makes me jump. Wow. What’s got him so upset? Without a word, I pull Mom’s bag out of the Toyota and carry it into the house. Dad stays behind to talk to Zoey.
“Mom?” I call as I close the door behind me. She’s standing at the front window, staring out in an absent sort of way, hand at her throat.
“Mom,” I repeat, touching her arm. “What’s going on?”
She startles and swings around to give me a tight smile. “Just a temporary change of plans. I have to wrap up some loose ends, but I’ll join you in a few weeks.”
Loose ends? At this point? But as I’m pondering this, my brain strategizes a way to use it to my advantage. “Let me stay, too. I can finish my classes and keep you company.” I’ve made my peace with the move, but I’m not looking forward to plunging into a new school three weeks before the year ends.
Mom’s fingers go to my cheek. “Honey—”
“You’ll do no such thing.” The door slams behind Dad, punctuating his statement. “Get in the car. We’re leaving in two minutes.”
My fists clench at my sides, but I’ve rarely seen him this angry, and I don’t want to start a war. With my mouth shut, I follow the order.
Mom trails me outside. Eyes teary, she pulls me into a quick, forceful hug before leaning into the back of the SUV to wrap her arms around my sister.
“What’s wrong?” Zoey demands. “Why aren’t you coming with us?”
“I will, sweetheart. Just not right now. Don’t say anything more to your father about this, okay?”
“But—”
“Please.” Mom brushes Zoey’s blond hair back from her forehead, giving her a do-it-for-me look.
With an eye roll and an exaggerated sigh, Zoey relents. “Fine.”
“I love you.” Mom backs out of the car, turning to face me. Her hand finds mine and squeezes. “Take care of her, Logan.”
Something as unsettling as it is unreadable hovers in her eyes, but there’s no time to decipher it. “Of course.”
A door slams behind me and Dad barks, “Let’s get moving.”
I slide into the front passenger seat while he steps up to Mom, draws her close, and buries his face in her hair.
“I’m sorry, honey.”
“We’ll work it out,” Mom says. They stand like that for several moments before she pulls away.
Neither Zoey nor I say a word as Dad gets into the car and types something into the navigation console, his fingers stabbing the keys.
I sit motionless, trying to process what just happened and afraid the slightest wrong move or word will lead to another explosion. If this is just about tying up a few loose ends, why’s Dad so tense?
When I fail to come up with a logical explanation, my mind wanders back to his reasons for making this move. Zoey’s a big one, for sure, as is the opportunity at Intel, but I wonder if he might have another motive—if he’s hoping it might dissuade me from joining the military.
“The Army’s for kids who don’t have the smarts for college or can’t afford it,” he’s told me more than once. “You have other options.” He’s never been able to see how insulting that attitude is, not just to me, but to all the people who put their lives on the line defending his freedom. One thing’s for certain—I’m not going to ask him about it now.
Despite Mom’s absence, Zoey is soon reclaimed by the raw excitement that’s possessed her since she learned we were moving. Cascadia is her idea of the Holy Land. She’s probably Jefferson Cooper’s biggest groupie, and she has every one of Frequent Deadly Lightning’s albums, even though they came out before she was in kindergarten. But her fanaticism is more than just a tween crush. Zoey’s way into all things green, and Cooper’s energy policies have elevated him to god-like status in her eyes.
“Maybe we’ll actually get to meet him, Logan. Wouldn’t that be totally prime?”
It’s nice to see her so full of zip, but still, I laugh. “I think he’ll be a little too busy running Cascadia to hang out with a couple of kids from Chicago.”
The stink of dying fish seeps into the car as we head north along Lake Michigan.
“Ugh,” Zoey groans. “Look how low it is already. I don’t think it was this bad last spring.”
The ugly, green water, thick with algae bloom, oozes decay. Despite our blizzards and torrential winter rains, the lake never fully recovers from the summer heat. These days, it seems the dredges outnumber the ships, fighting an endless battle to keep the channels deep enough.
“Fortunately, that’s not our worry anymore,” Dad says. “Where we’re going, the government takes a proactive approach to the climate crisis.”
He’s plotted a northern route, which he hopes might be a little cooler: I-94 through Wisconsin, Monsantesota (as it’s been known since the corporate takeover of the bankrupt government six years ago), and North Dakota. According to the navigation console, the drive to the Cascadian border outside Butte, West Montana, should take less than a day. It’s crazy to think that in the 1800s, wagon trains spent months crossing the country. Or that even as little as thirty years ago, before self-driving cars became common, the trip could take days if you stopped to eat, sleep, and fuel up. But that’s not an issue for us. Our hybrid SUV will go seven hundred miles on a tank of gas, and Dad brought along plenty of food. He’s afraid Zoey will have a medical emergency out in the middle of nowhere, which is a frightening idea, considering her homecare nurse wasn’t allowed to come with us.
The road’s surface, which hasn’t been good since Madison, deteriorates as we head into Monsantesota. The Toyota alternately jolts from hitting potholes and darts to avoid them. We don’t see a single living tree the whole way across the plains states. Even grass doesn’t grow here anymore. A dust storm scoops up the unanchored soil and scours our SUV with it. Of the few times we stop, twice it’s because the grit is so thick it overwhelms the navigation system.
Somehow, the powder works its way inside. A dry, metallic scent fills my nose. I can taste the dust in the air, and it makes Zoey cough. Dad keeps glancing over the seat at her. Each time he asks, “You okay, honey?” she gets a little bit crankier.
But Dad’s incessant worrying isn’t the only thing bugging her. Even though our Toyota has the Net package, it’s not working properly in this godforsaken wilderness.
“Ahhhh!” she yells, pounding a skinny fist against the door panel. “That’s, like, the twenty-millionth time it’s dropped.”
Something I’m well aware of, since she hollers every time it happens. She’s probably on Connect Me, engaging in social network repartee as one of her many personas. She has at least three in addition to her real self, and probably more. A staunchly conservative widowed schoolteacher in South Florida. An elderly Canadian environmental activist. A high school sophomore in a small town outside New Seattle, who’s a huge fan of Japanese anime. Sometimes she gets into arguments with herself, which is a real crackup. Even though fictional personas are against the site’s rules, she’s found a way around the barricades that keep most people from doing it.
“Which one of you got dropped this time, Sparky?” I crane my neck to look at her between the seats. Zoey glowers, jerking her chin toward Dad. He doesn’t know about her Connect Me mafia. I grin and shake my head. Whenever I’m on the site, I worry I might be talking to one of my sister’s yet-to-be-discovered secret identities.
As we make our way across the country, Dad’s mood improves, and he begins commenting on the view outside the grit-caked windows. Probably the most unsettling things we see are the ghost towns. Big cities like Minneapolis and Fargo have become nothing but block upon block of abandoned buildings. Garbage, shattered glass, and derelict cars litter the streets, and the drifts formed by the incessant dust are so big our SUV has to swerve to avoid them.
There’s one sign of hope as we drive through Bismarck at sunset. A new factory, built by FreedomCorp. It’s huge and looks like a fortress, with high brick walls topped by razor wire. Dad says they manufacture telecommunications equipment and need the walls to keep out looters. Zoey looks them up online during one of her computer’s rare moments of Net lucidity.
“‘FreedomCorp believes in the future of America,’” she reads. “‘While other companies are closing their doors and leaving communities high and dry, we’re making a concerted effort to breathe new life into these troubled towns. We offer not only steady employment at a great wage, but also family lodging in our clean, friendly, state-of-the-art facilities. Anyone seeking employment in the cities of Bismarck, Cleveland, Houston, or Tulsa should be sure to apply. We have many exciting positions available.’”
“Lodging?” I say.
“It’s not a new concept,” Dad replies. “A lot of companies have done it. Vanport, for example, just outside Portland. The entire town was built to house the families of shipbuilders during World War II. It makes sense to resurrect the idea. Some of these cities have horrible problems with crime, blackouts, and food shortages. If they’re going to survive, someone has to step up to solve those problems.”
As a fan of political and military history, I’m familiar with Vanport, but I let Dad believe he’s educating me. It’s rare that we can find a topic we’re both interested in, and I don’t want to ruin the moment.
“What amazes me is that something like Cascadia could happen,” Dad says, shaking his head. “Who’d have thought a secession was possible, let alone a peaceful one?”
I’ve speculated about this quite a bit. “The only reason it worked is because Cooper was willing to trade water and electricity for the equipment on those military bases. If he hadn’t done that, we’d have wound up in a civil war that would’ve wiped us all out.”
Dad glances at me, a rare light of respect in his eyes. “I think you’re right.”
In my opinion, the compromise was a brilliant tactical maneuver. Cooper realized the United States wouldn’t be able to cope with a sudden loss of resources from the Northwest, so he proposed a grace period of five years in which they’d continue to receive water and electricity at no cost. When that didn’t fly with his co-conspirators, he amended the idea. Cascadia needed a military, and simply taking over the bases in their territory would have been a slap in President Goldstein’s face. But a trade gave him an out.
“What I find fascinating is Cascadian politics,” I say, since further talk of the military could easily lead to an argument. “The Northwest is known for being liberal, yet Cooper’s taking a middle-of-the-road approach. I mean, sure, he’s into green energy and regulating emissions, but he also pushed for a closed border. Plus he rolled back Goldstein’s latest gun-control law.”
“Lots of hunters in the Northwest,” Dad says. “It’s one thing to give up semi-automatic weapons and another not to be able to buy ammunition for your deer rifle. Cooper’s no fool. He’s not going to alienate half his constituency. And the Cascadian Party’s a good compromise after years of gridlock between the Democrats and Republicans.”
I settle back in my seat. This is something I could talk about all night. “True. But there’s division even within that party. I mean look at the vice president. He thinks Cooper’s energy infrastructure projects are too big a financial risk. And then there’s the issue of water rights. If Sarto had his way, there wouldn’t be equal distribution between cities and farmland.”
“I think that’s the point,” Dad says. “I guarantee you, the Cooper/Sarto ticket pulled more votes because of that diversity.”
He’s got me there. It’s a political strategy that’s been used forever.
Once dusk has given way to night—after nine, because it’s almost summer and we’re so far north—I climb in back and fold down the seats so Zoey and I can get some sleep. It’s eerie to hear the dust scratching against our SUV in the darkness. I wake at sunrise and crawl up front to sit with Dad.
“Did you get much sleep?” I ask. Even though he doesn’t need to pilot the car, the driver’s seat couldn’t have been comfortable. But it would’ve been even more cramped in the back with us.
He sighs and rubs a hand across his stubbly face. “Enough.”
I scrounge in the bag at my feet for some energy bars and hand him a couple. Silence hovers between us as we eat. Despite last night’s discussion, the two of us aren’t very good at communicating. Zoey is the one he understands. She’s as smart with computers as he is, and none of my efforts to please him can compare to her just being herself.
I pull out my iPad and bring up my favorite book, The Art of War. It’s an ancient Chinese work that’s been used as a military training guide for centuries, but Sun Tzu’s wisdom can be applied to anything strategic—law, business, sports. I use it regularly on the football field.
Zoey wakes up an hour after I do. Like a magician performing some slight-of-hand, she works a pain pill out of the bottle in her backpack and slips it under her tongue. She wouldn’t be taking one if she wasn’t feeling awful, but she doesn’t look any paler or shakier than normal. I don’t want a repeat of yesterday’s grumpiness, so I pretend I didn’t see.
“How ya doing, honey?” Dad asks, turning to flash a grin at her. He must not have noticed her covert maneuver, or he’d be fussing.
“Great.” She gives him a thumbs up. Her own smile looks only slightly forced. She’s spent years perfecting that please-don’t-notice-me-I’m-fine expression.
I dig into the food bag for some of my homemade trail mix and hand it to Zoey. Even though we can afford the meat many people do without, she refuses to eat anything with a face. Since this is one area where Dad won’t humor her, I’ve learned to run interference, taking over the cooking that he and Mom are too busy for anyway.
Dad’s sketchy mood has returned by the time we stop in Bozeman to find a bathroom. I hurry back to the car, not wanting to set him off. I have no idea what’s bothering him now. We’re only eighty miles from Cascadia. He ought to be happy.
The last stretch passes quickly, and as we approach the border, we begin to see trees. Real trees. I’ve spotted a few patches of forest high up in the mountains since I woke this morning, but they were graveyards. Dark, brittle skeletons ravaged by fire, and sickly stragglers fighting for any drop of moisture that might make it over the Rockies.
Zoey presses her forehead against the window. “Logan, look at the trees.”
“That’s nothing,” Dad tells her. “Just wait until we get to Idaho and Oregon.”
“I know, Dad.” Zoey’s passion for research is exceeded only by her love for all things electronic, and she’s no doubt thoroughly studied the subject. Besides, she’d be the ultimate tree hugger if there were any trees left back home to hug. Most of them died after the anti-watering laws went into effect.
We top a crest and the border crossing at the Continental Divide comes into view. A couple of trucks are lined up at the gate, but judging from how deserted the interstate has been, I suspect most freight is shipped in and out through North California and the southern part of Idaho. I’ve hardly seen any other cars since I woke up. Only limited travel visas are issued for Cascadia. The official word is that regulations will relax in the future, but for now, they want to keep everyone out.
The checkpoint, which looks like something you’d see in photos of concentration camps, makes that clear. An imposing steel and concrete structure, complete with roll-down gates, blocks all four lanes of traffic. A fifteen-foot chain-link fence extends from it, the top angling back over the U.S. side with looping strands of concertina wire. Underneath, signs read, “Danger. High Voltage.” The fence runs as far as I can see in either direction, disappearing among the trees. Guards armed with assault rifles stand at each of the gateways.
“Damn, look at all those guns,” Zoey says.
Dad pulls up behind one of the trucks. “Language, Zoey.”
“Remind me again of why Mom couldn’t come with us?” It’s her way of sticking it to Dad for reprimanding her.
“Like I told you, she had some important matters she had to finish up at work.”
“So when will she be done with all that?”
“I don’t know!” Dad snaps.
Zoey flinches, staring at the back of his head with wide eyes. I don’t think he’s yelled at her more than a dozen times in her entire life.
“Probably in a few weeks,” Dad continues, his tone more reasonable. He runs a hand through his hair and looks at her through the rear-view mirror. “You have to remember, her career is just as important to her as mine is to me.”
I glance at him. Since when? Mom’s a journalist, and even though she enjoys her investigative environmental reporting, she’s been threatening to quit for years because she’s sick of the stress and deadlines. Besides, I can’t see her allowing work to come between her and Zoey. This is the woman who, every time Zoey’s been in the hospital, has spent the nights camped out in a chair beside her bed.
The trucks are ushered through, and then it’s our turn. The guard steps close, rifle at the ready, to look through the driver’s window of our SUV. “Passports and visas?” he barks.
If we’d had any doubts, he makes it clear this is no friendly weekend trip to Toronto.
Dad hands over the official papers from the Cascadian government then holds out his wrist phone. The guard bumps it with his tablet to transfer the digital version. He glances at the readout. “Carl Voigt?”
“Yes, sir.”
“And you have two children? Logan, age sixteen, and Zoey, eleven?”
“Yes, sir.” Dad’s tone brings to mind the way a soldier would speak to a superior officer, another thing that’s totally unlike him. In his world, he’s used to being pack leader.
The guard peers around Dad, dispassionately appraising my sister and me. “Wait here while I check this out.”
He walks over to consult with someone in the booth, keeping an eye on us the entire time.
After five minutes, Zoey starts fidgeting. “What’s taking so long?” She leans between the front seats to look around Dad’s shoulder. “He should be able to check everything on his tablet. It’s like he’s—”
“Hush, Zoey.” Dad’s fingertips drum out a beat on the side of the navigation computer. He darts a glance toward the booth, releasing a long breath through tight lips.
After ten minutes, the guard comes back. He hands the papers to Dad. “You can go.”
The roll-down gate creaks skyward with a rattle. The Toyota’s hybrid engine engages. We drive through the checkpoint, out of the United States and into our new life.


Chapter 7
Logan
We spend the night in Cascade Locks because Zoey is enamored by the sheer majesty of the Columbia River Gorge. I am too. Raw basalt cliffs, cloaked in stunning evergreens, tower high above the river. Wispy, low-hanging clouds shroud the cliff-tops, giving the place an other-worldly aura. The air, cool and moist, soothes my lungs after the hot, dry dust we encountered on the Great Plains. I feel like I’ve been transported to some surreal alternate universe, more amazing than any I’ve encountered in my virtual reality games.
Wednesday morning, we drive along the Columbia. The fresh, clear water is such a contrast to the murk of Lake Michigan. Zoey’s torn between staring out the window and using the Net to look up everything she sees. She finds a video of one of Jefferson Cooper’s speeches from his first campaign, four years ago, and plays it.
Standing in front of the green, white, and blue Cascadian flag with its Douglas fir tree silhouetted in the foreground, Cooper looks more like a rock star than a president. “Whether climate change is man-made or naturally occurring is of no consequence,” he says. “What matters now is how we respond to it. If we’re to leave anything to our children, we need to make changes. We need to harness the power of the wind and sun—to build dams to collect the rain, since we can no longer rely on snow pack. Urban and rural citizens must put aside their differences and work together to ensure there’s enough water for everyone. It’s only if we come together as a community that we can build a nation that will not only survive, but also thrive in the decades to come.”
Even though I’ve been in Cascadia for barely a day, Cooper’s passion wakes a sense of patriotism in me. My own leadership abilities are limited to a quiet, behind-the-scenes approach, and I’d never be comfortable speaking to the masses, so I can’t help but admire his charisma.
“Too bad someone didn’t have that much sense fifty years ago,” Zoey says. “Then we wouldn’t be in this mess.”
We arrive in Portland by mid-morning, but our house isn’t ready, so we stay in a downtown hotel. I’m astonished by how friendly the people here are. When you pass them on the street, they meet your eye and smile, rather than looking away as they would back home.
Dad, who won’t start work until next Tuesday, takes us on multiple tours of the city and surrounding valleys. Portland is a smorgasbord of colorful sights. Food carts offering vegan, organic, and GMO-free options. Street musicians in dreadlocks and tie-dyed hemp clothing. Bubbling drinking fountains, right out on the sidewalk, that never stop running.
I’m struck by the irony of this last wonder, since signs everywhere pay testament to Cascadia’s progressive stance on the shortages caused by the climate crisis. “Supplement with solar.” “Power down for a strong future.” “There’s enough for everyone if we water on assigned days.” My cynicism spurs Zoey to research the issue, and she learns the water in the fountains is recycled. I should have known better than to get between her and her hero. She’s already gone loopy over Jefferson Cooper’s re-election billboard and forced us to listen to every Frequent Deadly Lightning song in existence.
It blows my mind to be in the midst of so much lush, fragrant vegetation. Trees, shrubs, grass, and flowers—I see more green in a few days than I have in my entire life. And it drizzles the whole time, something just as astounding. I swear, heaven itself couldn’t be as stunning as the state of Oregon.
By Friday morning, the movers have everything unloaded, so we’re able to leave the hotel. Our new house is actually an old one, built in 1908. It isn’t very big, but compared to our utilitarian place back home, it has character. And the small yard is a mass of raised beds, filled with blooming plants, something Mom will appreciate. It seems so strange to be here without her, and I can tell from Zoey’s waning bubbliness that she’s feeling the loss. For her sake, I hope Mom ties up the lose ends that kept her in Chicago soon.
We spend the weekend getting our furniture situated and belongings unpacked. This is followed by Memorial Day—which they continue to celebrate in Cascadia—so I get one last reprieve from school. I try to talk Dad into letting us study online for the rest of the year, since we only have a few weeks left, but he tells me it’s best to get a head start on making new friends.
When I arrive at Cleveland High Tuesday morning, I’m given the option of going straight to class or watching a series of videos on Cascadian history. Even though I’ve studied the subject in depth, I opt for the videos. Better than having to face a crowd of strangers first thing in the morning.
I’m led into a small room at the back of the office. The half-dozen desks have tablet-style computers imbedded in the tops, just like back home. I suspect the entire system is the same, with teachers only through sixth grade, at which point the desk-vids, with their access to the cloud-based curriculum, take over.
The reasoning is that only little kids need nurturing, and discipline can be maintained without teachers in the upper grades. Sensors in the desk-vids detect if a student’s gaze strays for more than fifteen seconds and give a warning beep. That’s usually enough to keep me focused, but some kids aren’t as able to stay on task, so cameras are used to monitor what’s going on in the classrooms. If anybody causes trouble or refuses to do the work, someone’s sent in to handle the situation. Dad thinks the whole system has an Orwellian reek—and I’ve heard President Cooper agrees—but I’m used to it. It’s not like we don’t still have advisors and a tutoring center.
I power up the desk-vid and log onto the cloud.
“In October 2057, Jefferson Cooper, singer/songwriter and leader of the indie rock band, Frequent Deadly Lightning, composed The Tom McCall Song. The lyrics outlined his disdain for the U.S. policy of diverting power and water from the Pacific Northwest to the rest of the country. It was a sentiment shared by many in the region, and the song went viral, resulting in Cooper being inundated with requests to speak out about the climate crisis.”
It’s nothing I don’t know. In fact, the video leaves out a lot of details, like the fun the media had when Cooper appealed for someone to take charge and become a champion for the Northwest, and his bass player pointed out he was already filling that role. But it’s a quality production that provides a good glimpse of Cascadian pride, and it’s better than sitting in physics class.
“Cooper’s grassroots efforts to form Cascadia, a country named in honor of a populist movement dating back to the 1970s, met with wide approval. The area would include the bioregion of the Columbia River Basin—Oregon, Washington, Idaho, western Montana, and southern British Columbia—along with northern California.
“Though the campaign was popular, it didn’t gain steam until retired U.S. Senator David Daskalov, impressed by Cooper’s passion and charisma, took the budding young leader under his wing. With Daskalov providing legal advice, Cooper drew up the McCall Initiative, a petition for secession named for 20th century Oregon governor Tom McCall. Cooper went on to approach the leadership in the various state and provincial governments, persuading them to hold special elections to vote on the issue.”
The next part candy-coats things, making the call to secede seem simple. But my reading has told me it wasn’t that easy. Even though the measures passed with overwhelming majorities, the state governments were so busy bickering over their liberal vs. conservative agendas that the movement stalled. Cooper had to go over their heads, recruiting the U.S. senators and congressmen from the area to form a committee.
“The first meeting of the Cascadian Congress took place in Portland, Oregon’s, Benson Hotel in January of 2059. A constitution was drawn up, and a declaration of secession filed with the government.”
The video goes on to explain Cooper’s bargain with the U.S. and how he got nominated for the presidency, another thing Daskalov had a hand in.
“In a grand address, Daskalov outlined the qualities and values needed in the first leader of this new nation, concluding that Cooper, who had done much of the hard work already, was the ideal man for the job.
“By this time, Cooper was ready to step down and go back to his music. But public outcry became so strong that he agreed to run for office, forming the Cascadian Party.”
The video glosses over the protests of people who doubted a 28-year-old rock star with no previous political experience had what it took to be president. It mentions Daskalov’s death from a heart attack, but not the speculation that the loss would make Cooper crumble. However, it does cover one of the biggest surprises of the campaign.
“Rick Sarto, mayor of New Seattle, who had initially opposed locating the Cascadian capitol in Portland, abandoned his own bid for the presidency to align himself with Cooper. Though they differed on several positions, Cooper was impressed enough with Sarto to select him as his running mate.”
The presentation ends with a summary of the landslide victory, and just like in 2059, I’m gratified by Cooper’s ability to rally and prove his opponents wrong. It’s nice to know that, in Cascadia at least, the majority of citizens realize youth doesn’t necessarily equal incompetence.
The desk-vid shows me several more videos, one of which details how, after the military bases in the region were secured, troops were given the option of returning to the U.S. or re-pledging their allegiance to Cascadia. This is of particular interest to me, considering my career goals, but I’m not sure I’m ready to dedicate my future to this brand new nation.
After I finish watching, I have to face the inevitable—finding my way around in an unfamiliar school. As a football team captain and leader in JROTC, you wouldn’t think this would intimidate me, but the truth is, I’m not good with crowds. The desk-vid won’t allow me to stall, so I proceed to my regularly scheduled class, English.
Academically, changing schools is not an issue. All the ones in America use the same government-mandated curriculum. Apparently those in Cascadia do, too. Cleveland High appears to be on a lesson plan identical to that of my old school, down to the day. Which means I have a week’s worth of work to catch up on. I should have anticipated this and studied on my own, but the landscape unfolding around me has been a lot more interesting than homework.
After English, I go to lunch, which is equal parts loud and lonely. At home, I was always surrounded by friends. Here, I’m invisible. I thought I’d prefer that to having to deal with a mob of strangers, but I was wrong.
When lunch is over, I consult my schedule and head for trigonometry. The desk-vids make it so there’s no need to move from room to room, but years ago, a panel of experts argued that if kids don’t get exercise and social time, they’re more likely to become disciplinary problems. As an athlete, I laugh at the idea that walking from one class to another constitutes real exercise, but I’m glad they’re not allowed to park us in one place for seven straight hours.
The rest of the students in trig are taking a quiz I haven’t studied for, so I spend the period catching up on some of the lessons I missed. I’m in the middle of a problem when the intercom blares. “Logan Voigt, please report to the main office.”
My stomach instantly goes into lockdown. Zoey. I switch off the desk-vid and head for the door.
In the office, I receive the news I’m expecting: I need to go pick up my sister because she’s sick.
“We couldn’t get a hold of your father,” says the secretary, who has purple hair and two piercings in her left eyebrow.
I’m not surprised by the news. No doubt, he’s busy going through company orientation. What annoys me is that they’d try to call him when I’m clearly listed as the emergency contact in Zoey’s paperwork. My school is only a few blocks from hers, so they’ve got no business disturbing my father on his first day at a new job.
“Do you have a vehicle?” the secretary asks.
“Yes, ma’am.”
Dad prefers public transportation, and Portland’s light rail goes straight out to the Intel campus, so he let me use the Toyota this morning. The secretary signs me out, and I jog to the parking lot. I know the situation can’t be desperate, or the nurse at Zoey’s school would’ve sent her straight to the hospital, but my heart still pounds as if I’ve narrowly avoided fumbling a perfect pass.
At Winterhaven School, the secretary directs me to the nurse’s office, where I find Zoey lying on a cot. She’s about two shades paler than her normal ghostly hue, and I know what this means. Why can’t the poor kid catch a break?
“Hey, Sparky,” I say, sitting down beside her and squeezing her shoulder. “You okay?”
“Yeah.” She sounds as pale as she looks. “I just wanna go home.”
“She lost consciousness in her classroom,” the nurse says. “But she was at her desk, so fortunately she wasn’t hurt.”
“No, I just made an idiot of myself in front of thirty kids.”
“You can always blame it on the school food,” I suggest.
Zoey doesn’t even attempt a smile. I feel for her. I’d be disgusted with myself, too, if I’d made that sort of entrance at Cleveland.
“I wish Mom was here,” she says.
“So do I.” She’d be able to get a smile out of Zoey, or at the very least, coax her into accepting the hug she so obviously needs. Mom calls every day, but it’s just not the same as being with us.
“Let’s go.” Zoey pushes herself up off the cot, and I help her to her feet.
“Do you think you can make it to the car on your own, or should I carry you?”
She gives me the evil eye. “If you try, I’ll bite you.”
Hearing that much fight in a voice that’s so weak twists at my heart.
I make things easier on both of us by starting Dad’s SUV with my phone and directing it to meet us at the front entrance. Zoey insists on taking every step herself, but she leans on me heavily. When we get to the car, she collapses into the front seat.
“I’m never coming back to this school.”
“Can’t blame you there,” I say. And Dad won’t make her. She’s missed more classes than she’s attended, but it hardly matters when she’s smart enough to teach herself.
At the house, I carry Zoey inside because she’s short of breath now. There’s only so much damage I’ll allow her to do in the name of preserving her dignity. Denise, the new homecare nurse, shadows us down the hallway. She’s older than the one we had back in Chicago, about our grandma’s age, and her eyes are kind.
After a quick evaluation, she gives Zoey the news we’re both expecting. “We’re going to need to put you back on your PVAD, honey.”
Zoey groans and scowls at her. She made it clear on Sunday she has no use for Denise. But then, she’s never liked any of her nurses. It has nothing to do with how competent they are, or even if they’re friendly. They’re just one more reminder of how she’s not like other kids.
I leave the room while Denise attaches Zoey’s ventricular assist device to the port implanted below her collar bone. She’s not a baby anymore, and she won’t put up with her older brother seeing her bare chest.
When Denise is finished, she lets me back in. Zoey’s sitting up in bed wearing her pajamas, a scowl, and the PVAD vest she hates. It has a hidden pocket to hold the pump that helps her failing heart do its job. The device isn’t very big, but when you’re in the fifth grade, anything that makes you stand out is social suicide.
Denise scrolls through Zoey’s records on her MedEval then turns to me with a puzzled look. “According to this, it’s been less than a month since your sister last used her PVAD. Could this date have been entered wrong?”
I think back. “No. I remember she was upset because she had to wear the vest to Mom’s birthday dinner. That was May second.”
Denise consults the MedEval again. “Zoey, how long has it been since your doctors mentioned an implanted device to you? Most MB kids your age have one.”
“No!” Zoey’s eyes go wide. I wouldn’t have thought she could get any paler, but she does.
Denise turns to her, full of grandmotherly charm. “Honey, it would make your life so much easier. You wouldn’t have to worry about episodes like the one at school today. You understand it would be completely hidden, right?”
“I’m not your honey,” Zoey says, her voice as jagged as shrapnel. “And I don’t need a …” she stops to catch her breath, “… damn implanted device.”
“Can we talk a second?” I motion Denise toward the door with a jerk of my head.
She follows me into the hallway.
“Look,” I say. “We all know Zoey’s going to need that surgery eventually, but you’re not going to earn any points by arguing with her. She’s scared to death of the idea.” I explain how the last time, when she got her port, she had a near-fatal reaction to the anesthetic, and what should have been outpatient surgery turned into a month-long hospital stay.
“I know, Logan. I’ve read her medical records. And she isn’t the only MB patient who’s had such a strong reaction. But that was almost four years ago, and we’ve learned enough about the disease since then to prevent that sort of thing in eighty percent of cases. It’s in her best interest to have the procedure.”
“It’s in her best interest not to be terrified.”
“Of course.” Denise nods and softly touches my arm. “But it’s my job to work with your sister’s medical team to educate her and your family about her options. We have a duty to keep you updated about the latest medical advances. And we’ll do that, but you need to do your part. Zoey’s just a little girl. Your family can’t keep allowing her to dictate her own medical care. You have to stand up to her and do what will keep her as healthy as possible.”
I know she’s right, but I also know how hard it is to see my tough, sassy little sister scared half out of her mind. And that kind of stress can’t be good for her.
“Please,” I say, “don’t mention it again until you’ve talked to my dad.”
Denise agrees, and I go back into Zoey’s room to cheer her up. But by now she’s got her laptop out and is lost in another world.
I take pity and don’t try to bring her back to ours.


Chapter 8
Piper
Despite Bailey’s determination to help, her efforts to find my family go nowhere. I spend the next ten days hiding out in the White Eagle, lost in a daze while she tries to come up with a plan. Even though I can’t blame her for running smack into the same brick walls I did, I feel cheated. She seemed so sure of herself in the beginning—so confident she could fix things.
The first few days, I’m anxious about missing school, hoping there might still be some way out of this mess and not wanting to get behind. But eventually I stop caring. I fritter away my time reading Bailey’s books, watching surgery videos, and trying to shut out the construction noise from the condo going up across the street. I’m not any more successful at that than I am at shutting out the memories of my family. Crazy little snippets hit with no warning: Nick leaving buckets on the lawn in summer because Grandpa’s got him convinced the Groundwater Fairy will fill them up. Dad telling gruesome stories at the dinner table about his last shift while Mom shushes him, worried it’ll scare Nick and me. As if I’d be anything but fascinated by something like that.
The memories are as much a curse as a blessing. I’m desperate for every detail I can dredge out of the swirling chaos of my brain, but each one makes me feel worse. Deep down, I know I’m never going to see my family again.
Being socked away in this crypt doesn’t help. Bailey nags me to go out for some fresh air, but whenever I get close to either of the doors, my heart starts to race. The constant darkness has screwed up the calendar in my head, and I have to use the one on her tablet to keep track of how long I’ve been here. Not that it makes any difference. By Memorial Day, I’m spending most of my time lying in bed, staring at the ceiling.
Bailey sneaks in that evening, the way she has every night, bringing me food and coffee. This time, she also brings news.
“I went by your house,” she says. “Somebody’s moved in. There’s an SUV in the driveway and a bunch of broken-down boxes on the porch.”
Anger and loss ricochet through me, doing major damage to everything they hit. But it’s not like her news is any surprise. If people are buying their way into Cascadia, it only makes sense someone would take over our house. I want to ask for details, but I can’t. It’s easier to lie back and listen as Bailey recounts the two soccer games she played today, wrapping up a successful tournament weekend. My life has been reduced to living vicariously through a jock, and I don’t even like sports.
Tuesday morning marks the beginning of my eleventh day in captivity. I spend it picking through the teen romances on Bailey’s tablet, trying to find something I haven’t already read. I’m getting sick of books where the love interest’s only redeeming quality is being scorching, but it’s not like I’ve got room to be picky.
It’s noon before I realize I haven’t eaten anything. I drag myself into the kitchen to make lunch. A simple box of macaroni and cheese—Grandpa’s favorite—makes my eyes load up with tears. I blink them back, too exhausted to flog myself for being such a wuss. Why does every stupid little thing have to rip me into a million pieces? As I put water on to boil, I think of how he liked to mix peas and faux-tuna in with the noodles. And then I remember—his notebooks!
Out of nowhere, Grandpa’s voice fills my head. “When I kick off, I want you to have my journals. There’s a loose board in the hardwood floor under my bedroom window. Pry it up, and you’ll find a cubbyhole. That’s where I stash them.”
Hope flares hot across my skin for the first time in over a week. Maybe they’re still in the house. All the rest of our belongings have no doubt been hauled away, but how would the kidnappers find something like that?
An all-consuming need swells in me. I’ve got to have those journals. They’re the only thing left of my family. A pulse of fear threatens to snuff out my excitement, but I squash it flat. Nothing is going to stop me from finding this one last link.
I think up a plan as I eat my lunch. It’s a weekday, so the new people are probably at work or school. The windows in that house were replaced decades ago with the cheap vinyl kind, the ones with the little flip latches nobody in our family ever bothered to secure. It’s easy to pry them up from outside. I should know, since Bailey snuck in that way often enough. That’ll give me a direct route to Grandpa’s room, and if I come and go through the backyard, anyone who might be watching the place won’t see me.
It’s a wonder I haven’t thought of the journals sooner since I still have the notebook I bought Grandpa the night of the kidnapping. But it’s been stashed in my backpack, along with my laptop, MedEval, and scrub shirt, and I haven’t been able to bring myself to touch any of that stuff since the first morning I was here.
I unload the pack now and cram everything into the space between the bed and the wall. Sucking up my courage, I tuck my hair under the blond wig and sling my empty backpack over my shoulder. As I reach for the door, my fingers freeze on the handle. A flutter of palpitations takes over my heart. What if I get on the MAX and someone recognizes me? What if the kidnappers are waiting outside? What if someone thought to flip that stupid little latch on Grandpa’s window?
For almost an hour I waver, changing my mind, sitting down to mess with Bailey’s tablet, and then getting up and wandering back to the door. The indecisiveness makes my brain ache. I want those journals so bad I can practically feel them in my hands. But what if I get caught?
Damn it, Piper, stop being so paranoid! It’s Bailey’s voice I hear as much as my own. And it’s right. I can’t hole up in here forever. At some point, I’ll have to do something. It might as well be now.
Before I can stop myself again, I take a deep breath and dart through the door into the cool, damp afternoon. The construction noise amps up my heart rate. I peer through the break in the shrubbery, step out into the parking lot, and slink along the overgrown vegetation until I’m near the sidewalk. A peek across the street tells me none of the workers are out in the open.
Act like you belong here, I tell myself. And then I do it. Ignoring my fear, and the wig’s incessant itching, I walk to the MAX station. When the train comes, I use some cash Bailey gave me, rather than my transit card, to pay the fare. It feels like I’m wearing a giant neon “WANTED” sign, but no one looks twice at me the whole ride.
To get to the house, I cut down Woodward and sneak in the same way I got out the other night—through the yard that backs up to ours. Panic needles me the entire time, but I keep telling myself not to psych. I slink along the bushes that edge the yard and duck low to dash across the wet grass. Finally, I’m under Grandpa’s window. A glance tells me no one’s inside.
Without giving myself time to think, I pry off the screen, place my hands against the pane, and lift. My sweaty palms squeak uselessly against the glass. Crap. It must be locked. Now what? I give another desperate shove, and this time the window slides upward. Yes!
I boost myself onto the sill and drop down to a bed that’s been pushed to within a foot of the wall. Glancing around, I step to the floor. The room is done up in purple, the walls plastered with posters of Jefferson Cooper’s band and that anime character, Jyunsui, who’s so popular with tween girls. A guitar rests on a stand in one corner. Stuffed animals—mostly frogs—line the shelves and desk, with one even snuggled up against an oxygen tank that sits on the side table.
That snags my curiosity, but there’s no time to speculate. I move the end of the bed away from the wall, lifting so the feet won’t screech against the hardwood. My pulse pounds as I crouch in the narrow space, feeling along the floorboards for a crack. With shaking hands, I pull out the pocket knife Bailey left me and use the screwdriver blade to pry up the board. Hair from the wig falls in my eyes. When I shove it back, I still can’t see into the dim cubbyhole. Damn. I reach inside, scooping out everything my hand falls on. Eight notebooks, each about seven by nine inches, and a wad of cash wrapped in a fat rubber band. I stuff everything into my backpack and run my hand through the space one more time. Nothing left but the dusty wooden sides and bottom of the compartment.
I can’t believe how easy this has been. Maybe Bailey’s right, and I’m being paranoid. I fold up the knife and slip it into my pocket. As I’m replacing the board, the floor creaks outside the door. Crap! My heart slams into freak-out mode.
There’s no time to scramble through the open window. All I can do is drop to the floor behind the bed and hope whoever’s out there will go away.
No such luck. The door swings open. Someone steps into the room.
“What the hell?”
I lie on my stomach, holding my breath, willing myself to be invisible. Go away, go away, go away.
The silent prayer doesn’t work. Footsteps cross the floor and stop at the end of the bed.
“What are you doing in here?”
The wig twists off my head as I roll over and glance up. A pale, skinny blond girl, who looks maybe eight or nine, stands at my feet.
“Please don’t scream,” I say, my voice low.
The girl rolls her eyes. “Do I look like a screamer?” She pauses to take a breath, and I realize she’s wearing a PVAD vest. Well, that explains the oxygen.
“You’re that girl from the news … aren’t you?” she asks. “Piper Hall?”
She knows that and she’s not scared? “Yeah,” I say. “But I’m not armed and dangerous, and I didn’t steal those drugs.” I lift my hands so she can see them, using my elbow to leverage myself against the bed as I get to my feet.
She stares at me—a challenging look without an ounce of fear in it. “Well, I guess that means I can’t … count on you to put me out of my misery.”
“Magnusson-Bell?” I ask, nodding at her vest. The syndrome has a cyclical nature, so a portable ventricular assist device was designed specifically for kids who have it. Their hearts go through periods of recovery where they don’t need the boost of a regular VAD.
“Yeah.” The girl scowls, flipping long hair out of her face.
“That’s rough.”
“It’s none of your … business.” Willpower alone seems to be keeping her upright. She’s trembling—her body rigid with the effort to hide it—her breath quick and shallow and her lips slightly blue.
“Shouldn’t you be using that oxygen?”
The girl glowers at me. “I’ve been a medically fragile child … most of my life. I think I … know what I can … get away with. And if you’re going to nag me … I will scream.” She has to stop to catch her breath. “What are you doing in my house?”
I’d like to sweep this kid into bed before she collapses, but she’d definitely make me regret it. “It used to be my house. I’m on my way out. I just needed to get something my grandpa left here.”
“Why didn’t he … take it with him?”
“He didn’t have time. Someone—” my voice catches a little, but I go on, “kidnapped him, along with the rest of my family.”
“Really?” It’s the only word the girl gets out before a fit of coughing chokes her. She grabs at the wall for support, her already-pale face blanching.
I step forward, hooking my arm around her shoulders to steer her into bed.
“Zoey, are you okay?” a guy’s voice calls.
“You’ve gotta … get out of here!” the girl gasps. She tries to wiggle free to push the bed into place, but I don’t let her. Shoving it back with one arm, I scoop her down on top of it with the other. I snatch up my wig and backpack, but before I can get to the window, the door squeaks open.
“What’s going on in here?”
The only cover available is a chair in the corner. I make a dive but only wedge half my body behind it before a guy my age comes into the room. From his tousled blond hair and blue eyes, I can tell he’s the girl’s brother, even though he’s got the firmly muscled body of an athlete, while she’s a skinny twig.
Fortunately, it’s her he focuses on. “Zoey—oxygen,” he orders, shooting her a stern look that barely covers up the worry in his eyes. She scowls and reaches for the tubing on the table beside her bed.
I hold my breath, fists clenched, hoping he’ll slip right back out that door. Instead, his gaze flicks toward the open window. When it comes to rest on me, he jumps but quickly gets a grip, hiding his surprise behind a perfect poker face.
“Who are you?” he demands, edging toward his sister.
Now that he’s looking my way, it’s obvious he’s scorching. That messy blond hair, the smoldering, protective look on his face. Hell, I’m as bad as Bailey. My life is at stake, and my hormones decide to kick in?
“Nobody,” I say. “I was just leaving.” I slink out from behind the chair.
“Wait! You’re that girl from the emergency alert.” He sweeps across the room in one swift, fluid motion, grabbing my wrist. “What are you doing here? I’m calling the cops.”
“Logan, no!” Zoey sits up, eyes big. “We have to help ….. Someone took her family.”
He turns toward his sister, his fingers solid as a handcuff around my wrist. “Are you crazy? She’s a fugitive. They say she’s armed and dangerous.”
If I hear that line one more time, I swear I’m going to punch someone. “I just came for my grandpa’s journals,” I say, holding up my backpack. “They’re all I have left of my family.”
Logan swings to face me, his grip relaxing. “Okay, fine. Climb out that window right now, and I won’t say anything. But I don’t want to see you around here again.”
“You’ve got it.” I back away.
“Wait!” Zoey scrambles up to dig through the drawer in her bedside table.
“Damn it, Zoey,” Logan says, going after her.
“She needs our help.” The girl pulls something out of the drawer, pushes past her brother, and presses it into my hand. “Plug that into your computer and fire up … Carrier Pigeon. It’ll ask for a … transport passphrase. Type in ‘Frequent Deadly Lightning rocks.’ I’ll be in touch.”
Logan scoops her off her feet. “No, you won’t,” he says as he puts her back in bed. He turns to me. “Get out of here.”
“No,” Zoey says. “I want to know … what happened to her family.”
I hesitate only a second before telling them what I came home to eleven days ago—the empty house, the guy chasing me. “We didn’t do anything wrong, I swear. Not any of us.”
For the first time, Logan’s expression melts into something kind. “I’m sorry. But you need to go. Coming here was crazy. It’s the first place they’ll look.”
He’s right. I hitch my backpack over my shoulder and crawl out the window. I got what I came for, and that’s all I care about.


Chapter 9
Logan
The moment the girl slips out of the room, Zoey starts in on me. “You shouldn’t have … made her go, Logan. I can help …. If there’s any trace of her family online … I can find it.”
I slide the window shut, cutting off the flow of moist, cool air, and turn to face her. “She wasn’t safe here.”
“She’s not safe out there!” Zoey bolts upright in bed, her expression fierce. “We could’ve … hidden her in the attic or something. She’s probably … living on the streets.”
Typical Zoey—always eager to save every homeless soul, mistreated individual, and orphaned chipmunk.
“I’m sure she’s got a place to stay.”
“Yeah, right.” Zoey rolls her eyes. “Like the Cascadian federal prison.”
“You need to calm down. It’s not good for you to get this excited.”
Her gaze narrows and her lips scrunch into a pucker. “Maybe you should’ve thought about that … before you kicked Piper out.”
I fold my arms across my chest. “Do you want me to tell Dad about her?” I ask, giving her my best big brother glare.
If Zoey could breathe fire, I’d be a pile of ash. But she doesn’t seem to realize I’m bluffing, and she settles against the pillows. “This isn’t over, Logan.”
I’m sure it’s not. If I know my little sister, the second I leave, she’ll be on her computer, sending a message to Piper Hall.
I go to my room to start my homework, but I can’t get the girl out of my head. Her sad and desperate eyes, so dark brown they look black, still cut into me. Common sense dictates I should believe the emergency alert, but instinct tells me she wasn’t lying, that she really did live in this house up until a little while ago. And that’s what’s so disturbing. If someone’s snatching people out of their homes, the rumors I’ve heard are true. And maybe not just the ones about poor people being displaced.
I try to concentrate on trigonometry, but the numbers merge into an indecipherable jumble of sines and cosines. Did Dad lie to me? Is it possible he bought our way into Cascadia? I can’t imagine that. He’s so honest that when he works on his friends’ computers, he claims the income on his taxes.
There must be some other explanation for what happened to Piper. Maybe it’s a coincidence. After all, they wouldn’t have orientation videos for new citizens if there wasn’t a legitimate immigration policy, would they?
I’ve almost got myself convinced of this when I realize Piper’s story solves a mystery that’s nagged at me since we left home. If her family was deported, and she escaped, one less person left Cascadia than should have. Is that why Mom had to stay behind?
I click the Net icon on my laptop, bring up Google, and type in “Piper Hall.” Each of the dozen hits repeats the story I already know, adding only that Piper’s mother, brother, and grandfather recently moved to California and weren’t available to comment. This last part immediately raises my suspicion. What parent wouldn’t have something to say about an accusation like the one leveled against Piper? I enter her mother’s name into the search box. Plenty of links come up, but nothing connected with California. Further research fails to reveal records of address, utility usage, or place of employment for Piper’s mom or grandfather. Neither are registered to vote, and the younger brother, Nick, isn’t enrolled in school. I know it’s only been eleven days since they allegedly moved, but there should be something. What does this mean?
There’s only one person who might have an answer, and he’s not home. But maybe there’s another way to learn something.
I tell Denise, who’s in her basement room absorbed in an online soap, that I’m going for a jog. After changing into sweats and running shoes, I head out into the mist.
At the end of the driveway, I stop to tighten a shoelace, discreetly glancing up and down the block. Whoever took Piper’s family must still be watching the house, hoping she’ll come back. That’s what I’d be doing.
It’s not as simple as spotting a sinister black surveillance van with tinted windows. I’m just hoping to see something that looks out of place. The street is lined with parked cars and trucks, all innocuous-seeming. I haven’t been paying much attention, so I’m not sure which ones belong in the neighborhood.
Chances are, whoever’s watching will be across the street where they’ll have a better view, so I jog to that side and start down the sidewalk. All the vehicles I run past are empty, and none look unusual. Could they be monitoring the place remotely? I suppose it’s a possibility, but it wouldn’t be practical. If Piper showed up, they’d want someone on site to apprehend her. She must be smart to have snuck in and out of the house without being noticed.
With the fresh, sweet scent of blooming things drifting from people’s yards, I jog down the block, enjoying my workout. This is the first real exercise I’ve had since we left Chicago. I’ve missed the fluid feeling of my muscles warming up and working together. As I round the corner, I pour on the speed, letting my worries fuel me.
The block we live on is as long as four regular ones, but for whatever reason, the numbered avenues don’t bisect it. It takes me a few minutes to circle back around to our street. And then, as I’m closing in on the house, I see it. A non-descript silver Ford sedan. The lightly tinted windows barely allow me to discern a figure in the front seat. I note the model and plate number. This could just be some random person, sitting in his car for a moment after returning from an errand, but at least now I know what to watch for.
The run feels good, and Dad won’t be home for a while, so I take a few more laps. The light rain soothes the heat from my face and arms. Back in Illinois, jogging anytime after the end of March was not for the faint of heart. I think I’m going to like this country—if I can just figure out what to do about my future.
Each time I pass the silver Ford, the man is still behind the wheel. It looks like my suspicions might play out. I’ll have Zoey run a check on the plate number to see if she can learn anything.
As I go inside and resume my homework, I leave my bedroom door open so I’ll know when Dad comes in. My head is clearer now. I make it through trig and English with no trouble. And then the front door creaks open.
A sick feeling wells up in me. I’m going to have to confront him. I thought I was ready, but I’m not. Despite the difficulty I’ve had winning my father’s approval, I’d much rather go on being a disappointment than learn he’s not who I’ve always thought he was. But I can’t hide from the truth.
The short trip down the hallway feels longer than all the blocks I just jogged. I want to believe Dad will have a logical explanation, but deep down, I know he won’t.
He pulls off his rain-slicked windbreaker and hangs it on a peg by the door. “Hey, Logan,” he says, tossing me a perfunctory look that makes it clear he isn’t really seeing me. “How’s your sister? I got a message from the school and another from Denise. She said everything’s okay, but she doesn’t know Zoey the way we do.”
“Zoey’s fine.”
Dad has those creases in his forehead that tell me he’s worried. Usually, I’d go out of my way to reassure him, but this time, I don’t care.
“Are you sure?” he asks. “She’s not scheduled for her first appointment at Doernbecher until next week, but if there’s a problem, maybe they can get her in sooner.”
“It’s not an emergency. She just had to go on her PVAD, same as the last half dozen times. She’ll feel better tomorrow.” I can’t keep the annoyance out of my voice.
“Then what’s wrong? Why are you looking at me like that?”
For once, I have his full attention, but it only makes my resolve falter and my tongue freeze. I swallow, calling up the focus I learned on the football field. It doesn’t matter how badly a botched play rattles you, you can’t let yourself get flustered.
I clear my throat and stand up straighter. “Today I found out Piper Hall, the girl who’s been in the news, used to live in this house.” It takes all my willpower to keep my eyes locked on his.
“Is that so?” Dad glances beyond me toward the hallway.
“Yes. Up until a couple of weeks ago, in fact.” Though the statement isn’t quite an accusation, my pulse thuds in my ears.
“Interesting.” He fidgets with his phone, twisting it on his wrist.
“Do you know anything about that?”
Dad tenses almost imperceptibly, his fingers going still. “Of course not.”
I hate what I’m about to do, but there’s no getting around it. Drawing a deep breath, I steel myself against the knowledge that my next question will change everything.
“Are you telling me the truth?”
“What?” His eyes snap up to bore into mine. “Just who do you think you’re talking to?”
The evasion tells me what I need to know. “I thought I was talking to my father, the man who raised me to be honest and ethical. Maybe I’m wrong.”
Dad’s face flushes. “I’m not sure what you’re getting at,” he hedges, crossing his arms over his chest. “But I can say one thing. I’m not going to put up with this attitude.”
I should be angry that even though he’s the one at fault, he’s trying to shift the blame to me. Yet the only thing I feel is disappointment. A deep, overwhelming sense of loss. All my life, I’ve looked up to my father. I’m not ready for that to change.
Calling up every bit of my courage, I venture the incriminating words. “I don’t believe what you said about that headhunter recruiting you. Or why Mom had to stay behind.” My nerve falters, but I force myself to press on. “I think you bought our way into Cascadia.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“Is it?” My voice sticks in my throat, a jagged lump that feels like it might tear a hole through me. I’m not sure what upsets me more, that he did something so dishonorable, or that he lied about it. “Just tell me the truth.”
He shifts his weight, eyes focusing somewhere around my knees. “I don’t owe you an explanation, Logan. I did what I had to for your sister.”
“What the hell, Dad?” Despite my suspicions, the confession hits with the force of a grenade.
“You’d have done the same damn thing, so lay off,” he barks, shouldering past me toward the kitchen.
And now I have my answer.
The question is, what am I going to do about it? Even if I had the courage to turn my father in, how could I? He’s right. Zoey’s better off in Cascadia, and I can’t throw away the one chance she has.
But there is something I can do to counterbalance this injustice.
I have to help Piper Hall find her family.
End of Episode 1. The story continues with Episode 2, Revelation.
Now available: http://bit.ly/MI_2Smashwords
Or buy the box set of episodes 1-3 (Deception, Revelation, and Conspiracy) for $3.49 and save 50 cents. http://bit.ly/MI_BoxSet1Smashwords
* * *
Author’s note: Those of you who live in the Portland area will know that the Rose Garden has been renamed after a company I don’t choose to advertise in this book. This deal happened before publication, and I could have made an adjustment, but I elected not to. Fifty years from now, it’s unlikely this company will still have a contract with the Rose Garden owner’s successor. I choose to believe sentimentality will prevail and the original name will be restored.
* * *
Thanks for taking the time to read The McCall Initiative. If you enjoyed it, please consider leaving an honest review on the site where you purchased it or on Goodreads. With so many books out there, it’s hard for a new series to gain traction. Your feedback helps immensely. Also, word of mouth is the most powerful advertising, so please help out by recommending the series to your family and friends. 
If you’d like to be notified of new releases, please sign up for my newsletter. It’s the easiest way for me to let you know when the next book becomes available. I promise I won’t spam you or share your email address, and you can unsubscribe at any time. Plus I’ll give you a copy of my book Dead Heat absolutely free.  http://bit.ly/LisaNowakNewsletter
For information about the real Cascadia movement and series-related merchandise, please check out my website. http://www.lisanowak.net/
Acknowledgments
One of Tom McCall’s strengths was his ability to recognize other people’s good ideas and transform them into reality. He was a catalyst—a person who could bring together various elements to create something greater than the sum of their parts. A similar thing happened to me when I began planning this series. As I talked to people about my idea for the Pacific Northwest to secede in response to a rush of climate refugees, they offered all kinds of great insights, plot twists, and details. I learned there was already a movement to form “Cascadia,” a bioregion that would define the Pacific Northwest in its own terms. Drawing upon that history, along with Portland’s culture and colorful past, I was able to put together something much more interesting than what I would have dreamt up on my own. The bottom line is, I can’t take credit for everything in this story.
That said, I’d like to thank those who contributed awesome ideas and details: Laura Marshall, Marla Bowie LePley, Beth Miles, Alice Lynn, Barb Froman, Angela Carlie, Julian Blankenship, Roxie Matthews, Moma Escriva, Pat Lichen, Bob Earls, Rose Lefebvre, Magan Vernon, GP Ching, Jacqueline Carl, Helen Wand, Mark Petruska, Craig Hansen, Jessica Greif, Gretchen Sass, and Neil Bradley.
I’d also like to express my appreciation to my critique groups, Chrysalis and Wow, my copy editors, Allison Hitz, Bob Martin and Amy Rose Davis, and my great team of beta readers: Beth Miles, Elle Strauss, Alice Lynn, Barb Froman, Melanie Curry, Bob Martin, Angela Carlie, Stacey Wallace Benefiel, Connie Barr, Sharon White, and Cari Jermann.
A lot of research went into this book, and many people assisted with that, including Zack Barrer at the White Eagle Saloon, who was kind enough to give me a tour of the establishment. The staff at Pittock Mansion provided fascinating information about Cascadia’s “White House,” and those at the concierge desk of the Benson Hotel answered myriad questions about the layout of that building. Joe Streckert of Portland Walking Tours was also helpful, educating me about Portland’s sordid past and clearing up myths about the Shanghai Tunnels. The staff at the Central Branch of the Multnomah County Library (which becomes the Congress building in this series) helped me access additional information about both the tunnels and Portland history, but that should be no surprise because librarians are just cool that way.
I’m particularly grateful to Alexander Bartich for the use of his Doug flag. I had enough work to do without having to design one of my own. How fortunate that he’d already done so, and that the Timbers Army have helped to popularize it. It’s always nice when you can incorporate existing cultural references into your work.
There’s a strong soccer element in this series, and I know nothing about the sport, but fortunately, I have friends who do: Sean and Wendy Herrin and Kelly Garrett. Thank you for explaining the nuances, as well as how soccer compares to American football.
I’ve always been fascinated by medicine, but it wasn’t until I set out to create a character with a medical background that I realized how much I don’t know. Sharon White and Cari Jermann spent a great deal of time in person and through email educating me. In addition, Christine Fletcher, a veterinarian and talented YA author, provided a number of valuable details that I can’t talk about here without creating spoilers.
Another of my interests is meteorology, and again, I didn’t realize how little I knew about it until I started reading the Fox 12 Weather Blog. One day, I will find the time to study up on the subject. In the meantime, I owe a huge debt to KPTV channel 12 Chief Meteorologist Mark Nelsen for reading my manuscripts and fact-checking my climate data.
While Zoey might be a computer genius, I am not. I am indebted to Max Bell and Neil Bradley for providing the technological information to make this series accurate. Both spent time educating me, but Neil went above and beyond, chatting with me endlessly on Facebook until he drummed some basic computer concepts through my thick skull.
Finally, I’d like to thank my husband Bob Earls who knows much more about politics, government, and history than I ever will. He’s spent more hours than he probably cares to count discussing the fine details of the plot with me and talking me out of bad decisions. While it might be annoying to be blindsided by statements like, “you know, Canada would never let all its western ports go without a fight,” I’d rather hear it before publication.


About the Author
In addition to being a YA author, Lisa Nowak is a retired amateur stock car racer, an accomplished cat whisperer, and a professional smartass. She writes coming-of-age books about kids in hard luck situations who learn to appreciate their own value after finding mentors who love them for who they are. She enjoys dark chocolate and stout beer and constantly works toward employing wei wu wei in her life, all the while realizing that the struggle itself is an oxymoron.
Lisa has no spare time, but if she did she’d use it to tend to her expansive perennial garden, watch medical dramas, take long walks after dark, and teach her cats to play poker. For those of you who might be wondering, she is not, and has never been, a diaper-wearing astronaut. She lives in Milwaukie, Oregon, with her husband, four feline companions, and two giant sequoias.
Connect with Lisa online: 
Website: http://www.lisanowak.net/
Blog: http://lisanowak.wordpress.com/
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/LisaNowakAuthor
