

Dead Women Tell No Tales

By Anna M. Loritz

Copyright 2013 Anna M. Loritz

Smashwords Edition




This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Prologue

In the early 18th century, a wealthy plantation owner’s daughter from South Carolina and a destitute young widow from London disguised themselves as men and set sail on the Atlantic Ocean in the most dangerous era of maritime travel.  History now recognizes them as two of the most infamous pirates from the Golden Age of Piracy.  The following tale is pieced together from the scraps of truth and legends that remain of the lives of Anne Bonny and Mary Read.





Chapter 1

It was the summer of her seventeenth year that Anne Cormac decided to run away from home.  Home being an immaculately kept mansion on a plantation owning no less than twenty-five slaves settled nicely on the edge of Charles Town.  For weeks after her disappearance, her father was certain she had been kidnapped.  Why else would a girl with anything her heart desired at her disposal suddenly vanish without a trace?  It was quite a shock to Mr. Cormac when, months after his daughter’s disappearance, a sole survivor of a piratical raid provided a clue as to Anne’s whereabouts.  Anne had always been strong willed, but this was something else.

“Good God, Mr. Whitney,” Mr. Cormac exclaimed to the young man storming out of the parlor.  “What has happened?”
“I have had enough,” Mr. Whitney spat, pressing his handkerchief to the four fresh scratch marks on his cheek, “Your daughter is perhaps the most unruly, pigheaded, violent girl I have ever had the misfortune of acquainting.”
“I beg your pardon?” Mr. Cormac replied, wide eyed.
“Yes,” Mr. Whitney replied, grasping at what remained of his dignity.  “Anne is a menace and a wretch, and I wish I had never met her.  The engagement is off.  I will not call on this house again,” he exclaimed, marching down the hall.  “Good day to you all!”  The young man slammed the front door on his way out.  For a moment Mr. Cormac stood with his mouth open, watching Mr. Whitney go before addressing his daughter. 
“Anne!” Mr. Cormac bellowed, throwing open the parlor doors.  “What have you done?”
A slender, dark haired girl stood at the window, watching her jilted fiancé storm down the front walk.  A smirk played on her rosy lips.  Her cheeks were flushed.
“Mr. Whitney has broken off our engagement,” Anne explained, feigning innocence.
“And why would he do such a thing?” Mr. Cormac roared.  Anne turned to look at her father and was slightly surprised at how quickly his face had turned crimson.  Her mother stood in the door looking panicked.  Anne and her father both shared volatile tempers.  She knew that within minutes they would be screaming at each other, her mother fruitlessly begging for them to stop.
“I don’t pretend to know that man’s motives,” Anne replied hotly.
“Why did he have scratches on his face, Anne?” her father exclaimed.
“I struck him,” Anne retorted.  “It insures that I no longer have to worry about him calling.”  Her remark was all her father could bear. 
“You ungrateful little wretch,” he growled, storming across the room towards her.  Anne flinched, waiting for the back of her father’s hand to strike her cheek, but it never came.
“William, no!” her mother pleaded, latching on to her husband’s arm.
“Stay out of this, Peg!” he roared, shaking her off.  Anne’s mother was always sickly and her feeble attempt to stop her husband was laughable.  Once again he turned his wrath on his daughter.
“Sit,” he commanded, grabbing Anne by the arm and throwing her into one of the parlor chairs.  “Now,” he snarled, leaning over her, “I’m not sure what transpired between you and Mr. Whitney, and quite frankly I do not care, but I have had enough of your behavior lately.  I don’t know what the devil has gotten into you, but it’s going to stop.  Mr. Whitney is a respectable wealthy young lawyer.  I’ll not have you ruining your chances with him.”
Anne rolled her eyes and opened her mouth, but her father cut her off.
“You will not speak!” he shouted.  “I am not done!”  Anne clamped her jaw in anger.  The longer she was made to sit in silence through his speech, the more explosive her reaction would be.  She closed her fists around the arms of the chair as she listened to her father and began to stew.
“Flirting with men other than your fiancé is not appropriate behavior for an engaged girl, nor is insulting him in front of an assembly, even if it was in jest.  And you cannot tell me that you did not spill your tea on him on purpose last week at Mrs. Thompson’s ball.  You agreed to the engagement and you’re going to see it through.  In a few days, when Mr. Whitney has had a chance to cool down a bit, you will pay him a visit.  You will work your charm on him, and you will restore the engagement.  Am I clear?”
“I would as soon eat glass!” she exclaimed, lurching up in her chair.  “I will do no such thing!”
“Yes, you will,” he thundered.  “Mr. Whitney is a respectable young man.  Any other girl in these colonies would be pleased as punch to secure an attachment with such a gentleman.  He is handsome, sociable, and has excellent prospects.  I cannot understand why you are against the engagement.”
“The man is a self-important pig.  He thinks he knows more than he actually does.  He walks into a room and expects everyone to turn and admire him.  He’s hardly attentive to anyone’s speech but his own and if there is a looking glass in a room he will stand so he can watch himself.  I do not know why I ever agreed to marry the man.  I am convinced I could never love him, much less live with him!”
“What has love got to do with marriage, Anne?” her father exclaimed.  “The two things hardly keep the same company nowadays.  You of all people can understand that.”
“Do you expect me to understand that, when you cannot conceive of it yourself?” Anne replied coldly, glaring up at her father.
“You’re speaking nonsense, Anne,” her father spat.
“You left your wife and ran off to the colonies with your pregnant servant girl because you ‘fell in love!’” Anne exclaimed, jumping out of the chair and pointing at her mother.  “How can you expect me to rejoice in the concept of marriage when you’re not even married to the woman you call your wife!”
“Silence!” her father bellowed.  Anne’s mother pulled her handkerchief to her face and stifled a sob.  Her father threw Anne back into the chair and this time grasped its arms so she couldn’t escape.  “Now you listen,” he growled, putting his nose only inches from hers.  “You should be grateful that I was young and foolish and affected by love.  You live in a mansion with servants to attend to your every whim.  You go to parties and dances and haven’t a care in the world.  You have a wardrobe full of expensive gowns and shoes, and I have always given you everything for which you have asked.  If I had not run away to the colonies with your mother, you would be the bastard child of a peasant woman.  You would work as a scullery maid or a laundress.  You would be thankful to have a crust of bread and a potato for a meal and at night you would sleep on a kitchen floor in the fireplace.  Hunger and discomfort would be your only friends and every day you would wake up cursing your life.  Do you understand?”
“I already curse my life!” Anne shrieked, fighting her way out of the chair and passed her father.
“I am not done with you,” her father shouted, catching her arm.
“What more can you have to say to me?” Anne wailed.
“Only this,” he rumbled.  “In three day’s time you will call on Mr. Whitney, apologize, and return home once again an engaged girl.  Do I make myself clear?”
“Perfectly,” she sneered.  She jerked her arm out of his grasp and stormed out of the parlor, ignoring her sobbing mother.  She pounded up the stairs, ran down the hall, and slammed her bedroom door shut.  Angry hot tears ran down her face as she threw herself onto the bed.  She was aware that she was wrinkling her dress and ruining her hair but didn’t care.
“Pardon me, Miss Anne. Would you like me to leave?” a timid voice asked.
“Betsy!” Anne exclaimed, lifting her head and glaring at the slave girl in the corner.  “What are you doing here?” She was embarrassed that the girl was privy to her sobbing and angry that she was in her room without her permission.
“Tending to the fire,” the girl stammered.
“It’s hotter than hell today,” Anne shouted, “I don’t want a fire.  Get out!”
“But, Miss, I . . .” Betsy protested.
“I said ‘get out!’” Anne screamed.  She whipped her pillow at the alarmed girl who scampered towards the door.  Anne missed Betsy and instead the pillow hit the mirror hanging on the wall.  It fell to the ground and miraculously remained in one piece.  She sighed and dropped her head back down on the bed.  She was too frustrated to cry anymore, but she pushed her bottom lip out into a pout.  She let her leather pumps slip off her feet and clatter noisily on the floorboards beneath her bed.
The events from the parlor replayed in her head.  Up until today she had been content to marry Mr. Whitney.  She knew he was narcissistic and arrogant, but she hadn’t so much cared.  He was handsome and rich and as good an option as the other three suitors who had offered her marriage, but today something inside her had snapped.
She and Mr. Whitney had been sitting on the settee having tea.  Since they were engaged they were allowed to keep company without a chaperon.  Mr. Whitney was blathering on about something of little consequence to Anne when suddenly it dawned on her.  She couldn’t live the rest of her life that way, listening to conversations that didn’t interest her, feigning a smile, following the procedural dance of manners.  She wasn’t sure if it was the heat, the unexpected realization, listening to the droning Mr. Whitney, or perhaps all three, but suddenly she lashed out at the man, dragging her nails across his face.
He gasped and gingerly reached up to feel the four fresh red gashes on his face.  Anne herself was slightly surprised at her outburst but mostly amused at Mr. Whitney’s appalled reaction.
“What in God’s name was that for, Anne?” he exclaimed, reaching into his pocket for a handkerchief.  
“I hardly know,” she laughed, “but it felt wonderful.”
“I beg your pardon!” he gasped, jumping up off the settee.  He marched over to the mirror and examined the cheek of his horrified expression.  “Look what you’ve done,” he sneered, turning back to Anne with a huff.  “The engagement is off!”  He stormed out of the parlor.  Anne watched him leave and made no effort to stop him or conceal the smile on her face.

Reluctantly, Anne pushed herself up off the bed, fighting the many petticoats under her dress to get her feet on the floor.  She sighed and walked over to the mirror on the floor.  The pillow had cushioned the fall and the glass was intact.  Since her corset prevented her from bending all the way over, she knelt down and picked up the mirror.  It was heavier then she expected.  She rested it on her knees and held it at arms’ length to examine her reflection.
Anne knew she was pretty.  Ever since she was thirteen she had been referred to as the beauty of the county, but at the moment her face repulsed her.  Her features seemed distorted and grotesque, her nose too long, her eyes abnormally round, and her cheeks a haughty red. 
Her father’s words about her recent behavior echoed in her head.  Anne herself couldn’t explain it.  She was constantly restless, always annoyed with someone or something, and more short tempered than usual.  All these things she could attribute to the hot weather or the stress of the engagement, but there was something else she couldn’t account for, an instinct of sorts.  This inexplicable urge had been growing inside her, consuming her thoughts for the past several weeks.  When she tried to remember its origin she realized it had always been there, but only this summer had it actually pushed her to the brink.  She felt as if she were about to explode.
The biggest frustration of it all was that she didn’t even know what this urge was.  Some days she was sure she longed to jump from a cliff and fall for hundreds of feet into the green glassy ocean, letting the cool clear water wash over her.  Other days she wanted to run, so far and so fast that no one or nothing could stop her or find her.  On some days she simply felt destructive and had the bizarre urge to destroy something beautiful.  
This strange motive inside of her made everything about her life seem unbearable.  The formality of society and the familiarity of the plantation were suffocating.  To Anne, life almost seemed surreal.  She looked back down at the reflection in her lap.  In another sudden burst of anger, she smashed the mirror onto the floor.  The glass splintered into thousands of pieces, creating a mosaic that shimmered across the floor.
In the hall the clock chimed four o’clock.  Supper would be served in two hours, and she was determined to avoid her parents until then. Mindful of the shards of glass, she stood slowly.  Her shoes were across the room, under her bed.  When she realized she couldn’t reach them without stepping on glass she left without them.  
She padded down the hall in stocking feet to a small white door.  She unlatched it and made her way down a creaking set of unpainted steps.  She wasn’t allowed in the servants’ part of the house, but she never obeyed her father’s rules anymore.  Poking her head out the door at the bottom of the stairs, she saw the kitchen was empty.  She hurried passed the hearth, but as she got to the back door, someone opened it from the other side.
“Tula!” Anne exclaimed, relieved it wasn’t another of the household slaves who would tattle on her.
“Miss Anne, what are you doing here?” the motherly woman scolded.  “You know your father doesn’t allow you to come to this part of the house.  You’d best get out.  I don’t want to get in trouble because of your mischief.”
“I’m going for a walk,” Anne explained.
“Good!  You need to cool off,” Tula replied sharply.  “After the row you caused in the parlor with that Mr. Whitney . . .”
“Shut up, Tula,” Anne snapped at the unwelcome reminder.
“You’re father’s right, Miss Anne,” Tula continued.  “You’re seventeen, but lately you’ve been acting like a child of seven.  I’ve watched you grow up all seventeen of those years and I know you can raise a fuss, but I’ve never seen you behave quite like you have been. You’d best start acting like a lady or else your father’s going to . . .”
Anne interrupted her by giving her a sharp pinch on the arm.  Tula yelped in pain.
“I don’t care if you’ve been my nurse seventy years,” Anne shouted hotly, “you’re not my father and I’m not going to let you make speeches at me, too.  Now, get out of my way!”
“Yes, Miss Anne,” the slave replied curtly.  Anne threw open the door and let it bang against the wall of the kitchen.  She stomped down the back steps and then turned to face Tula once more, a cruel smirk on her lips.
“And Tula,” she said mischievously, “Betsy slammed my bedroom door on her way out and it made my looking glass fall off the wall.  Please clean up the mess and then tell my father so he can replace it.”
“Yes, Miss Anne,” Tula replied, clenching her jaw.  Betsy was Tula’s daughter.  Tula had given birth to many children while on the Cormac plantation, but Betsy was the only one to survive infancy.  She was now fourteen years old and Tula’s only family.  Anne knew that if her father thought Betsy broke the mirror the girl would get a sound lashing.  Forcing Tula to tattle on her own daughter was the most malicious way she could punish Tula for trying to chastise her.  Anne also felt a small sense of relief knowing the blame for the broken mirror could no longer fall on her.
She ran through the backyard where the household slaves did their chores.  She didn’t stop running until she reached the edge of the garden.  Walking through the shady groves, she was soon able to let her temper subside.  She exhausted the two hours before supper, trying to ignore the heat and her errant thoughts.


Chapter 2

May was one of the busiest times of the year for inn keepers in London.  It was the time of year when people came out of their winter hibernation to enjoy the entertainments of town they had been depraved of for so long.  For Mary and Noah, it meant that their small hotel would fill with those whose only purpose in society was to be social.  Young men who had nothing to do but spend their fathers’ money, perhaps learn a respectable sport, like shooting, and acquire a taste for brandy filled the streets and clubs.  Young ladies fluttered in and out of shops, tea rooms, and dance halls wearing pastel muslin gowns and ornate bonnets, hoping to attract the attentions of these young men.  Noah called it hunting season.
Of course London wasn’t solely populated with young people.  They had chaperons, often older neighbors or family friends whose chaperoning responsibilities fell by the wayside as they mulled around town calling on old friends and reliving their own days of youth.  From May through October London became one big frivolous party for the gentry.  At one point, Mary had been a part of this class.  Her mother had dreamt of her daughter growing up to be one of the dainty flowers, smiling, nodding, and floating around a ballroom, but that wasn’t the life Mary was destined to live.
“Noah, we need more wood on the fire in the dining room,” Mary announced as she sailed into the kitchen carrying a stack of dirty dishes.
“We barely have enough for all the guest rooms,” he sighed, pulling his hands out of the basin of dishwater and wiping them on his pants.  “I’ll have to go chop more.  Send Liza out to fetch some in a few minutes.”
“Where is she?” Mary asked, setting the dirty dishes by the wash basin.
“I think she’s still putting fresh linens in all the rooms,” Noah said over his shoulder as he hurried out the back door and into the yard.
“Thank you love,” she shouted after him as she pulled a pot of potatoes off the fire before they boiled over.
Mary was grateful their inn, The Three Horseshoes, had steadily grown in popularity, but it was getting to be more than Mary, Noah, and their girl Liza could handle.  Now in their third year of business, even with a significant raise in their prices to afford the two meals they provided their guests each day, customers kept coming and business became more lucrative.  Mary knew that soon they would need to hire help.  She ran the platter of potatoes out to the dining room of noisy guests.  When she returned to the kitchen, she found Liza waiting for her next chore.
“Mrs. Lawrence . . . ” the girl began.  Mary noticed she seemed to be leaning on the table for support, but didn’t think much of it.
“Liza, have you finished with the linens?” 
“Yes,” the girl answered weakly.  “Mrs. Lawrence . . .”
“Mr. Lawrence is outside chopping wood,” Mary said, turning to the basin of dirty dishes.  “I need you to fetch some of the split wood and put it on the fire in the dining room.  The way the conversation is going in there it looks like they will be up late tonight.”
“But Mrs. . .”
“Please, Liza!  I’d do it myself, but if these dishes don’t get washed now I’ll have nothing to serve the dessert on,” Mary exclaimed.
“Yes, ma’am,” Liza sighed, wearily making her way towards the door.
Mary scraped the scraps of food off the plates and into a bucket with potato peelings and other waste that they could use to feed the pigs.  She hastily attacked the stack of dishes, her calloused hands turning red in the hot water.  Heavy footsteps echoed on the back porch.
“Finished already?” Mary asked, recognizing Noah’s tread.
“Not exactly,” Noah replied.  In his arms was a limp Liza.
“What happened?” Mary exclaimed, wiping her wet hands on her apron.
“I don’t know,” Noah answered.  “She was halfway across the yard with an armful of wood when she dropped to the ground.  She feels awfully warm.”  Mary pressed her hand to the girl’s face.
“It’s hard to tell.  My hands are so warm from the dishwater.”
“What should we do?” Noah asked.  The fire began to hiss as the stew boiled over onto the embers.  Mary ran to the fire to pull it off.
“Well, she can’t stay down here,” Mary said.  Usually Liza slept on a mattress on the floor by the kitchen hearth.
“Should I put her in one of the guest rooms?” he asked.
“I guess you’ll have to,” Mary sighed.
“Should I fetch Hamilton?” he asked.
“She doesn’t need a doctor.  She’s simply fainted,” Mary answered quickly.  “Place her on a bed in the room closest to ours.  See if you can wake her.  I’ll bring her a cool compress as soon as I finish the dishes and get the stew served.”
Noah hesitated for a moment then started for the door.  He was back in the kitchen a few minutes later.
“Mary, I think she might be quite ill.  I could wake her, but she seemed delirious and was out again after only a few seconds.”
“What would you like me to do, Noah?” Mary exclaimed, ladling stew into bowls.  “We can’t leave in the middle of the supper hour.  Liza will be fine for tonight.  If she’s not improved tomorrow, we can fetch the doctor in the morning.”
“As you wish,” Noah sighed, leaving to chop more wood.
Mary was clearing away empty stew bowls, half listening to the guests’ gossip, when Noah came into the dining room to stoke the fire and add more wood.
“Some for the guest rooms, too,” she whispered to him as she whisked by.
Mary was in the middle of carrying desserts out to the dining room when Noah stumbled into the kitchen.
“Did you get wood in all the guest rooms?” she asked.
“Yes,” he muttered.  “Mary, I’m going to lie down.  I’m not feeling very well.”
She stopped her rushing around and looked at her husband.  His eyes were watery and distant and his face had turned pale and peaked.  She set down her serving tray and gently took his face in her hands.
“You do feel warm,” she said softly.  “Perhaps you and Liza have both come down with something.” She slid her hand down his face and neck and let it rest on his chest, over his heart.  “I’m sorry I was so demanding tonight.”
“You were overwhelmed,” he shrugged.  “We all were.”
“Forgive me?” Mary asked.
“Of course,” he whispered.  She pecked him on the lips.
“Go lie down,” she smiled.  “I’ll finish up down here.”
Noah feebly made his way upstairs as Mary rushed the tray of desserts into the dining room.  Somewhere around midnight the peacocks and peahens exhausted every trivial topic of discussion acceptable for young men and women of propriety and went to bed.  Mary finished washing the few remaining teacups they had been using and trudged upstairs.  She stopped in the guest room Noah had put Liza.  When the light from her candle fell on the girl’s face, Mary could see that it glistened with sweat.  She placed her hand on Liza’s forehead.  She was burning with fever but trembling as if she were cold.  Mary wasn’t sure whether she should fetch the girl another cool compress or cover her with blankets.  She did both and then anxiously hurried to check on Noah.
He seemed to be in the same condition.  She shook him, at first gently and then more roughly.  She breathed a sigh of relief when his eyes flickered open.
“How are you feeling?” she asked.
“Mary,” he whispered, groping to find her hand.  She slipped her hand in his and used her other to push the hair off his sweaty forehead.
“How are you feeling?” she asked again.
“I . . .” he tried to speak but was struggling to form words.  He gripped her hand and his eyes fell shut.
“Noah!” she exclaimed, shaking him again.  She put her face near his to assure herself of his soft breathing.
“I’m going to get Doctor Hamilton,” she told him, in case he could hear her.  She pressed her lips to the rough skin of his knuckles and then hurried out of the room.
She flew through the house and out the back door.  Even though it was spring, the night air was still very crisp and cool.  She slipped her arms into her coat as she hurried across the yard to the stable.  Mary and Noah didn’t own a horse but kept a stable for their guests’ animals.  One of the gentlemen staying at The Three Horseshoes at the moment rode a beautiful thoroughbred.  She decided he wouldn’t notice if she borrowed the swift riding horse.
Throwing the doors open flooded the stable with moonlight.  A few bright pairs of eyes blinked intently at her.  She slowly approached the thoroughbred, clicking her tongue.  She let the horse brush its velvet nose against her palm before patting its long sleek neck.  It seemed gentle enough so she quickly slipped a bridle over its head and led it out to the yard before jumping on its back.
It had been quite some time since she had ridden bareback, but it felt as natural as if she had done it yesterday.  The horse also seemed to be accustomed to it.  She pressed her heels into its sides, and it started forward.  Its hooves echoed against the cobblestone streets as Mary galloped through town.  The cold night air whipped against her face causing tears to well in her eyes and loosening blonde strands of hair from her bun.  She quickly covered the few miles to Doctor Hamilton’s and reined the horse in front of his house.
“Doctor Hamilton!” she shouted towards the second story.  She waited a few moments, listening intently.  “Doctor Hamilton!” she hollered again.  A faint light flickered into existence in one of the windows.  A moment later the window flew open and Doctor Hamilton poked his head out.
“Who goes there?” he shouted down.
“It’s Mary Lawrence,” she replied.  “Hamilton, you must come quickly.  Noah and Liza have fallen very ill.  They were fine and healthy today.  Now both of them are delirious with fever.”
“Delirious?” the doctor’s voice was shaded with concern.
“I cannot get either of them to stay conscious for more than a moment or two,” she explained.  It took effort to keep the rising panic she was feeling out of her voice.  The horse could sense it and began to dance about as Mary tried to keep it still.
“I will be right down,” Hamilton promised, shutting the window.
Mary waited impatiently on the anxious horse.  The longer she sat, the more the night cold sank into her bones.  By the time Doctor Hamilton dressed, prepared his bag, and fetched his horse, Mary was fighting the urge to shiver.  His horse was barely on the road when she snapped her reins to hurry home.  Every few minutes she would glance back to ensure the doctor was still with her.
As they galloped into the yard of The Three Horseshoes, Mary leapt off the thoroughbred and threw open the stable doors.  She led both horses in but didn’t waste time putting them in stalls before slamming the doors shut.  Mary and the doctor clambered into the house and rushed up the stairs, not stopping to remove their coats.  Mary watch anxiously as Doctor Hamilton examined first Liza and then Noah.
“I need to bleed them,” he finally said.  “It should help to bring down the fevers.”  He began pulling up the sleeve of Noah’s shirt.
“What do you need me to do?” Mary asked, desperate to make herself useful.
“I need a dish or a shallow bowl to catch the blood,” he replied as he pulled supplies out of his bag.  Mary quickly left the room.  She sorted through the dishes in the pantry until she found two pie tins.  Glancing at the other supplies in the kitchen she also grabbed a few clean linens.  As she made her way back upstairs it occurred to her that she was still shivering.  She brushed her forehead and found it wet with sweat.
“Will these do?” she asked the doctor.
“Yes,” he nodded and took them from her.  He placed one tin under Noah’s arm and then carefully made an incision on the inside of his forearm just below his elbow.
“I know you have the stomach to handle such things,” he said, turning to Mary.  “Could you sit with Noah while I treat Liza?”
“Of course,” Mary whispered, seating herself on the bed next to her unconscious husband.  Doctor Hamilton hurried out of the room taking his bag and the other tin with him.
Mary watched with a creased brow as little red rivers flowed down both sides of Noah’s arm collecting into a growing pool in the tin.
“Please,” she whispered, placing her hand on his cheek.  “Please, get better.”
Tears began forming on her eyelashes and slipping silently down her cheeks when she thought of how indifferently she had responded to Liza’s sudden illness and how Noah had struggled through her orders although he was sick himself.  She had been more concerned about the comfort of her guests than she had been for the safety of her family.  Now both lie unconscious and bleeding.  Somewhere in the back of her mind Mary knew her turn was coming.  Doctor Hamilton quietly reentered the room, a pie tin of blood in one hand.
“Done already?” Mary asked anxiously.
“Yes.  She is much smaller than Noah, so I drew less.  One must be especially careful with children.”
Mary simply nodded.  Her blue eyes sparkled with silent tears.
“Let me have a look at him,” he said, motioning for her to stand.  She wiped the tears from her face and took the tin of blood he handed her as he sat down.  He felt Noah’s wrist for a pulse and then pressed his hand to his forehead.
“That should do,” he sighed, placing a wad of cotton over the incision.  He folded the arm up to keep the cotton in place until he could bandage it.
“Here,” he said, handing Mary the second tin.  “Would you dispose of these?”
Mary nodded and took the other tray.
“Best to do it outside, somewhere no one is likely to step,” he advised.
“Of course,” Mary replied.  She made her way towards the hall but paused in the doorway, suddenly overcome by lightheadedness.  She closed her eyes, leaned against the door frame, and took a deep breath.
“Are you all right, Mary?” Hamilton asked.
“Fine,” Mary answered, collecting her senses and stepping briskly into the hallway.
Doctor Hamilton pulled a roll of fresh white bandage out of his bag.  With nimble fingers he began wrapping Noah’s arm when a clatter followed by a thump echoed from the hallway.
He sprang up from the bed and dashed to the doorway.  Two empty tins lay in the hallway, spatters of red on the walls and across the floorboards.  Lying in a heap where the wall met the floor from her half-conscious attempt to slow her fall was Mary.  


Chapter 3

As the first son of George and Catherine Cormac, William Cormac inherited the largest sum of his parents’ fortune upon his father’s death and lived very happily as an attorney in Ireland.  Very shortly after inheriting, William Cormac married a woman from his home county, County Cork, and settled down to enjoy his newly found fortune and wife.  
When he married her, William Cormac had every intention of fidelity, but truth be told, Mrs. Cormac was not the easiest woman to be faithful to.  The young Mrs. Cormac was rather slow and rather shallow.  She found most of her pleasure in gossiping with her neighbors.  She of course knew how to read, but didn’t make a practice of it.  She didn’t enjoy the symphony, one of Mr. Cormac’s favorite past times, but perhaps the biggest threat to her marriage was her passivity.  Nothing seemed to bother her, and she didn’t argue with her husband aside from when he tried to convince her to attend the symphony.  Mr. Cormac quickly developed many mechanisms for dealing with boredom.
On top of this, Mrs. Cormac wasn’t particularly pretty.  Her reddish skin was about the same color as her thin frizzy hair.  Her short limbs seemed shorter when compared to her somewhat plump core.  Her bluish gray eyes bulged out of their sockets making her look permanently surprised.  Mrs. Cormac was ignorant of her husband’s boredom and happy in their marriage, so when she hired a dark haired dark eyed fifteen year old girl to replace their aging cook she had no idea of the temptation she had put in front of her husband.
Peg Brennan had been orphaned at age nine.  Less than two days after her mother, the last living member of her once family of seven died, she was taken in and made a servant at a lord’s house.  Peg was a fast learner and a hard worker, and the lady of the house was thoroughly pleased with her.  But when poor Peg reached the age of thirteen she began to attract the attentions of the lord’s fourteen year old son.  By the time she had reached fifteen she had grown into a breathtaking young woman.  She had round hips and rosy cheeks. She possessed a silent passionate presence that made her mesmerizing. 
It was no surprise when at age sixteen the lord’s son declared his love for poor Peg.  His partiality towards her had always been painfully obvious to his parents.  The lord didn’t object to his son’s affections for they seemed harmless.  However, when it was discovered that his heir intended to marry the scullery maid and could not be persuaded otherwise, Peg was sent away.  Peg did not particularly like the lord’s son and wouldn’t have married him if she could help it, but no one bothered to ask her.  Instead she was sent away and began working as a cook for Mrs. Cormac.
This transition in staff at the Cormac household took place without Mr. Cormac’s knowledge and went unnoticed for quite some time.  Peg always had the dinner prepared and on the table before the Cormac’s came into the dining room.  She rarely ventured farther into the house than the kitchen where she slept.  It wasn’t until Mr. Cormac questioned the origins of a new entree that he discovered his old cook had been replaced.
“What is this?” Mr. Cormac asked as he examined his spoon in disgust.
“Cabbage stew, dear,” Mrs. Cormac replied.
“Why on earth are we having cabbage stew?” he asked, looking even more disgusted.  “Couldn’t Widow Dunlop get beef at the market?”
“Oh no, I told Peg she could make whatever she chose for dinner tonight,” Mrs. Cormac replied lightly, slurping the stew.  “Try it, dear.  It is quite good.”
“Who’s Peg?”
“The cook,” she giggled.  “My dear, you didn’t know we hired a new cook?”
“Why did we hire a new cook?” he demanded, a bit angry now.
“My dear, Widow Dunlop was so terribly slow.  Her hands were crippling and she was becoming quite useless.”
“You sent her away?” he gasped.
“Well, I suppose,” Mrs. Cormac began, “I replaced her.”
“Why didn’t you ask?”
“You’re always so busy.  I didn’t want to . . .” She was startled at her husband’s volatile reaction to something she found utterly trivial. 
“Widow Dunlop has lived in this house longer than I,” he exclaimed standing, somewhere between shocked and angered.  “Where did you suppose she had to go?” he shouted over his shoulder as he stormed out of the dining room towards the kitchen, intent on turning Peg out and requesting that the old widow be returned to his household.  Mrs. Cormac remained at the table, dumbstruck, her bug-eyes slightly wider than normal.
In the kitchen, Peg leaned over the hearth, ladling herself a bowl of cabbage stew.  Thundering footsteps echoed on the wood floor outside the kitchen door, so when it was thrown open, Peg was only mildly surprised.  The astonishment, in fact, was mostly Mr. Cormac’s.
“Sir?” Peg uttered in her soft voice, placing her bowl on the mantel and folding her hands as she curtsied.  He wasn’t certain if it was her beauty or her self-assured presence that made Mr. Cormac forget why he had come to the kitchen.  He cleared his throat as he tried to remember.  
“Are you Peg?” he managed.
“Yes, sir,” she answered, curtsying again, this time not lowering her eyes so she could examine his face.  Mr. Cormac quickly broke the stare.  For some reason his new cook’s curious dark eyes made it difficult for him to think.
“And you are the new cook?” he asked, clearing his throat again.  Peg nodded once, amused by Mr. Cormac’s obvious discomfort.  Her eyes narrowed slightly and the tiniest of smiles curled her lips.  Poor Mr. Cormac found himself unable to think clearly and barely able to form coherent sentences.
“Widow Dunlop?” he managed.
“What of her, sir?” Peg replied.  
“She was the cook before you.”  Peg nodded curtly again.  “And quite old,” he added.  
Peg raised her eyebrows, somewhat confused.  Mr. Cormac turned and placed his forearm on the mantle. He stared into the fire in hopes of distracting himself.  The absence of her inquisitive eyes made speaking easier.
“Mrs. Cormac sent her away without my knowing.  She has been a part of this household for longer than I.  It was a terrible mistake,” he tried to explain.
“I see,” Peg remarked, still slightly confused.
“I don’t see where an old woman like her has to go.  I had every intention of employing her until she died.”
“So,” Peg tried, “you would like me to go?”
“No,” Mr. Cormac replied abruptly.  “Well . . . you see . . . Widow Dunlop has always been my cook.”  Peg made her eyes wide and curious.  “Do you know where I might find her?” he implored.
“Yes,” Peg answered. “She lives with her daughter’s family now.”
“She does?” Mr. Cormac exclaimed, a hint of relief in his voice.  Peg nodded.
“And her daughter’s family can afford her?”
“It would appear so,” Peg offered.
“Do you know? Is she well?”
“I visited her on my way home from the market yesterday, to see that she had settled in, and she appeared quite content, sir.”
“Content,” he mused after a moment of thought, “I didn’t realize she had family living nearby.”  His mind was finally beginning to settle.  He turned back toward Peg.  “I don’t suppose she would want to come back,” he stated.  Peg wasn’t sure how to answer, but she knew her employment was perfectly secure.
The crackling of the fire became the only noise in the room.  Peg fixed her eyes on the buttons of Mr. Cormac’s vest.  She could feel his pensive eyes burrowing into her face.  She didn’t want to look up, but the seconds moved by uncomfortably slow.  She lifted her gaze.
“Did you enjoy the stew?” she asked.
“What?” he replied, breaking out of a trance-like state.
“Mrs. Cormac told me you prefer beef stew, but the cabbage was about to go bad, so I thought I best to use it tonight.  I hope you didn’t mind,” she apologized.
“Oh,” he cleared his throat and averted his eyes, “I haven’t tried it yet.”
“I see,” Peg said as she lowered her eyes.
“I meant to,” he started, “But then my wife told me about Widow Dunlop.”
“I understand,” a small smile curled Peg’s lips.
“I suppose I should try it,” he said, clearing his throat as he turned towards the door.  He was glad he could remember how to walk.  He stopped in the doorway.  “Sorry about the misunderstanding, Peg.”  She nodded once.  “Good night,” he added as he hurried back to the dining room.  Peg listened to his footsteps as she took her bowl of stew off the mantel.
Mr. Cormac knew he was in trouble, when he awoke that night having dreamt of his fifteen year old cook.  He rolled over to see if his wife was still asleep.  Her wide stomach rose and fell steadily.  Peg’s dark eyes seemed to linger in the night air in front of him.  Blinking, he tried to scatter the image.  It wasn’t his fault.  Peg was irresistible to most people, and in Mr. Cormac’s bland and colorless world she blazed so brightly.  Not comparing his cook to his wife was almost impossible.  Mr. Cormac rolled over and went back to sleep.  
He made a conscious decision to avoid Peg and the kitchen, yet he dreamt of her for the next several nights. Each time he would awake with a terrible sense of guilt and roll over to see if his wife still slept.  On the fifth night he realized he was losing his battle.  
The more he isolated himself, the more he thought of Peg.  Throughout the day he would try to imagine what she was doing at the same moment.  He savored every morsel of her meals.  She was quite a good cook.  Worst of all, the thought of her sleeping peacefully two stories below him, made Mr. Cormac sick with longing.  
Mr. Cormac had always been quite sure of himself.  He was fearsome in the courtroom, his temper intimidating, but when he saw Peg, he felt uncertain.  His stomach would turn and perspiration would form along his brow.  Poor Peg was all too aware of the effect she had on him.  When he entered a room and found her there, he would flush and try to start a small conversation, but his sentences would come out in pieces, a string of disconnected thoughts.  Then an uneasy silence would settle in the room and he would scurry out with a hasty “good day.”
As time passed, Peg began reciprocating Mr. Cormac’s feelings. She found herself drawn to the young attorney but tried to hide it because he was trying so hard to conceal his desires.  Now they both blushed and spoke in incoherent fragments to each other but never stepped outside the lines of propriety.
It had become more than Mr. Cormac could bear.  She consumed his thoughts.  He found himself at a self-created ultimatum.  Peg would have to go, or he would have to go to her.  The thought of Peg leaving was sickening and yet relieving, but he knew he couldn’t send her away.  He had no reason to do so, yet the thought of betraying his marriage filled him with guilt.  He would be risking his reputation.  If only Peg had been born into a rich family, then he could have had her.  She was such a beautiful girl, it was a shame.
A heavy spring rain beat down on the Cormac house late one Saturday afternoon, the rough wind shaking the windowpanes.  Peg trudged home into the wind, her head down, her basket wrapped under her gray cloak.  She sighed, knowing the packages in her basket would be wet and half the food would be ruined.  She darted into the muddy alley that led to the backdoor of the home still new to her.  She stood under the small overhang of the backdoor as she fumbled in her pocket for her key.  She checked the pockets of her apron, skirt, and cloak and then her basket, but couldn’t find the cold hard piece of metal.  She tried to remember where she had placed it and finally decided that it must have dropped out of her pocket when she paid for the groceries.  
Peg raised her fist and beat against the heavy wooden door.  She waited a few moments and then remembered Mr. Hurley, the old butler, was sick and was probably upstairs sleeping.  She sighed, wrapped her cloak around herself more tightly, and ran back up the muddy alley.  She wondered if anyone would even let her in the front door.  It was likely that no one could hear her knocking over the roaring wind. 
Mrs. Cormac was out calling on friends this afternoon.  When she was gone the other servants temporarily neglected their duties and gathered in their upstairs rooms to smoke and play cards.  Peg mounted the slippery steps to the towering front door and lifted the brass knocker.
From his study at the front of the house, Mr. Cormac could barely hear the heavy beating of the brass knocker on the front door.  He pulled the curtains back from the window and shuttered at the thought of being out in the rain.  Mrs. Culver’s messenger boy had showed up at the door fifteen minutes earlier, soaked from cap to boot.  Mr. Cormac had answered the door.  He knew the butler was sick.  His wife had sent word that she would be staying at the Culver’s for supper because of the storm.  Mrs. Culver’s messenger had come in to dry off and stayed for the small party upstairs.  From the shuffling and stifled laughter coming from the floor above, Mr. Cormac could tell he was still there.  He sighed and got up to answer the door.
As he pulled the heavy front door open he hoped it was no one of importance.  Answering his own door would be an embarrassment.  On the contrary, a look of embarrassment covered the face of the person standing in front of him.
“I lost my key, sir,” Peg said softly, peering up at him from under her hood.
“Oh,” Mr. Cormac replied, surprised and relieved. “Come in.”
“I’m sorry,” Peg apologized, “I must have dropped it somewhere at the market.  I knocked at the backdoor, but Mr. Hurley is sick and . . .”
“It’s quite all right, Peg,” Mr. Cormac said taking her dripping basket from her.  Her lovely black hair stuck to her forehead in pieces.  Rain drops were slipping down her red cheeks and onto her neck.  
“Oh but I’m making a terrible mess,” she apologized again.  She tried to reclaim her basket and retreat to the kitchen.
“Peg, please, the mess is nothing,” he pleaded as he grabbed her arm.  “If you don’t take off your wet things, you’ll catch cold.”  He blushed a little as he helped her remove the wet cloak.  It had made a sloppy puddle on the floor beneath her.  Peg let him help her and found herself blushing a little, too.  
“Thank you,” she murmured.  Her confidence had been failing her in his presence lately.  This was the closest he had ever been to her.  She could smell his clean cotton shirt and a trace of tobacco smoke.  He watched her carefully.  She blinked her wet eyelashes and brushed the wet hair off her forehead.  Her damp shift clung around her collar bone. “Is Mrs. Cormac home?”  
“No,” he answered softly, breaking out of his daze.  “She was visiting the Culver’s when the storm hit.  She’s dining with them tonight.”
“I see,” Peg said.  “Would you like me to start dinner, sir?”
“Peg, I wish you wouldn’t call me ‘sir,’” he said with a pained expression.  “That’s what my father requested I call him as a boy.” 
“I see,” she said softly and nodded.  “Then what would you like me to call you?”
“William, I suppose,” he said with a shy smile.
“Would you like me to start dinner . . . William?” she asked, struggling with the informality of the address.
“No,” he answered.  They stood in silence for a moment.  He sighed. “Peg?”
“Yes?” she answered.  He tried to form a sentence.
“I can’t seem to . . . I don’t know . . . I wish I could . . .” But the lawyer couldn’t find the eloquent words he wished to speak, so he simply confessed, “I want you.”
With a pained expression, he watched Peg.  Her features moved incrementally as a range of thoughts and emotions passed through her.  After a moment that felt like an eternity, he extended his hand to her, palm up.  Looking up into his soft wistful eyes, she placed her hand in his and nodded.  
“I want you, too,” she whispered.  He led her up the wide stair case, and she followed silently. 
On days when Mrs. Cormac went calling, the servants were no longer the only ones to retreat to quiet rooms upstairs.  It was not long before Peg found herself with child.  The next time Mrs. Cormac left the house, she went to Mr. Cormac, crying and apologizing.  They both knew it would only be a matter of time before they would have to face the consequences of their choices.  He doubted they could cover it up.  The servants weren’t terribly clever but they knew of the affair, while Mrs. Cormac remained ignorant.
“William,” Peg reasoned as Mr. Cormac held tightly to her hand.  She was nearing five months pregnant.  “I cannot stay here.  Mrs. Cormac will notice soon.  Your reputation will be tainted, and no one will want to hire a pregnant scullery maid.”  Tears were welling up in her bright eyes.  “What am I to do?”
“We, my dear,” he corrected, “are going to the colonies.”
“What?”
“The Americas.”
“Yes, I know what they are, but why do you want to go to the Americas?”  Her tears stopped abruptly.
“There is money to be made in the colonies.  We can afford a very comfortable life there,” he explained.
“But leave Cork? Ireland is my home. What about your business?” Peg stammered.
“They don’t matter anymore,” he answered innocently.
“You would do that for me?” Peg whispered.  Her eyes blank with shock.
“How else can I be with you?” he whispered as he wrapped his arms around her.
“I didn’t realize you felt . . . What about Mrs. Cormcac?” she mumbled.
“I love you, Peg,” he whispered and kissed the top of her head.  Peg let herself be hugged.  
A few weeks later, Peg and Mr. Cormac boarded a ship for the Americas.  Peg didn’t want to go to the colonies and wouldn’t have if she could have helped it, but he never bothered to ask her.  She gave birth to a beautiful dark haired dark eyed baby girl within a month of arriving on their tobacco plantation in South Carolina.


Chapter 4

Mary Read never met her father.  Her mother was widowed when Mary’s father, a captain, died at sea.  Mary was born two months later, leaving Mrs. Read with a newborn, a two year old son, and no income.  Mrs. Read’s only hope was her rich aloof mother-in-law, who was partial to Mark, her only grandson, and Mary’s older brother.  
Shortly after her husband’s death and her daughter’s birth, Mrs. Read went to visit her mother-in-law.  She too was a widow, and would perhaps understand her daughter-in-law’s suffering and financial situation.  Having dressed her family in their best attire, she sat down to tea in the rich woman’s parlor, all the while praying Mark would behave himself.  She knew her son wasn’t like other toddlers.  He could barely walk at age two.  His eyes were always staring off into space, and he often threw temper tantrums.
Little Mark behaved himself through the visit and even managed to smile a few times for the old woman, who cooed over him and fed him sweets.  She took little notice of her new granddaughter.  After a bit of polite debate with his mother, the grandmother agreed to provide her daughter-in-law with a sizeable sum to ensure the boy was properly raised and in exchange expected another visit in a year’s time to see her grandson again.  Mrs. Read thanked her and adamantly promised a future visit, hoping it would prove to be as lucrative as the first. 
With the sum her mother-in-law provided, Mrs. Read and her two children lived comfortably in the year following her husband’s death.  In the promised visit that took place at the end of the year, another donation was permitted for the raising of little Mark.  Indeed, Mark was terribly small for his age.  He had a wide nose and heavy eyelids.  He couldn’t be taught the usual employments of a toddler and cried much more often than his baby sister.  Poor Mrs. Read was afraid to make the third year’s visit, fearing his grandmother wouldn’t support her son, who was now noticeably handicapped.  But the old woman didn’t seem to notice that year or the following.
The winter before the fifth year’s visit Mark died of pneumonia.  Mrs. Read was devastated.  Another member of her already small family had left her and once again her source of income was in question.  She held her daughter, her remaining family, close to her chest as she watched the priest say a blessing over her son’s body.  Silent tears rolled down Mary’s cheeks, wetting the front of her mother’s dress.  Mrs. Read looked down at her in surprise.  Mary was now four and uncommonly clever for her age.
“Why are you crying, Mary?” her mother whispered gently into her ear.
“My Marky,” her daughter whispered back as she buried her face in her mother’s shoulder with a fresh burst of tears.  Mrs. Read gasped, staggered at her daughter’s comprehension, how different she was from her brother. 
As she took her last look at Mark’s face, an idea came to Mrs. Read, accompanied by a wave of guilt.  She studied Mary.  Her bright blue eyes were puffy and red from crying.  They were the same color as her brother’s, although hers were much more inquisitive and covered with beautiful thick eyelashes.  Mary and Mark had the same blonde curls, though hers were much longer.  They also shared the same round face and wide smile.  Mary was only an inch or so shorter at age four than Mark had been at age six, but she was growing quickly.
Mrs. Read tossed and turned in her bed that night, contemplating her idea.  She didn’t think Mary would understand, and even if she did Mrs. Read was sure her daughter would suffer from psychological repercussions.  Then there was the matter of the grandmother. Surely she would be able to tell the difference.  Beneath all her worries, Mrs. Read kept wondering if she could afford not to try.  She fell asleep undecided.
Mrs. Read awoke to find Mary curled up in the covers next to her.  She rolled onto her side and watched her angelic daughter sleep.  Mary still had tear streaks on her round flushed cheeks.  Tears began sliding down Mrs. Read’s face and onto her pillow.  Mary had been her saving grace the past four years, so patient and tender with her brother, helpful and loving to her mother, quick to learn and always even tempered.  
Mrs. Read knew her daughter would agree to her bizarre request and play her role dutifully, if she could only bring herself to ask.  She rolled onto her back, wiped the tears from her cheeks, and stared up at the ceiling, deciding how best to ask the unfathomable favor.  She felt the sheets next to her rumple and glanced over to see Mary’s eyelids flutter open.
“Good morning, Mary,” she said softly.
“Good morning, Mother,” Mary answered in her delicate voice.
“Did you get scared last night?”
“No,” Mary sighed, sitting up and brushing the hair out of her face, “I was lonesome.”
“Lonesome?” her mother exclaimed softly, amazed at her daughter’s attempt at grown up vocabulary.
“I miss Marky,” Mary whispered with trembling lips.
“Oh, sweetie,” her mother said as she sat up and pulled Mary onto her lap, but Mary didn’t cry.
“You were crying, Mother?” Mary asked, tracing the tear lines on her mother’s face with her tiny fingers.
“Yes, I was crying, Mary,” she explained gently, “but the time for crying is done.  Hmmm?”  She kissed her daughter’s soft blonde curls.
“Yes, Mum,” Mary replied dutifully, sniffling a little.  Mrs. Read rocked her daughter back and forth for a moment.  She closed her eyes and tried to collect all her thoughts.
“Mary, I need you to do me a favor,” she started.  Mary turned to look her mother in the face, sensing the precautious tone in her voice.  “Do you remember Grandmother?”  Mary looked thoughtful for a moment.
“Is she the woman with the sweets?”
“Yes,” her mother smiled, but only for a second. “Do you know why we go to visit her?”  Mary shook her head innocently.  “Grandmother was particularly fond of Mark.”  At the mention of her brother, Mary’s face fell, but she did not cry.  “She was giving our family money to make sure that he was cared for, but now that Mark is . . . gone, I do not think that Grandmother will give our family money anymore.”  Mary’s eyes narrowed as she listened to her mother.  Mrs. Read wished she knew what her quick daughter was thinking.
“Grandmother does not love us anymore because Marky is . . . dead?” Mary’s voice broke as she asked her question.  Her mother kept her voice light and cheery as she answered.
“No sweetie, Grandmother still loves us,” she tried to choose her words carefully, “but she gave me money to take care of Marky.  She does not know that I used the money to take care of all of us, and to pay the cook, and to buy clothes.”  Mary nodded her head, making her blonde curls bounce.
“I understand,” she said softly, with a trace of sadness still in her voice, “You had to trick Grandmother.”  Mrs. Read smiled.
“I suppose, I sort of tricked her,” she replied, “but you see why?”  Mary nodded again.
“Grandmother thought that we could take care of ourselves, but she knew that Marky was different and needed help,” Mary reasoned out loud.  Mrs. Read pressed her lips together to stop the wave of sadness about to escape her.
“Yes,” she whispered, “but we do need her help and that’s why I need you to do a favor for me.”  Mary’s curious eyes searched her mother’s face.  Mrs. Read lifted her daughter in her lap and turned her around so she wouldn’t have to look into the curious eyes or see their reaction when she made her request.  She leaned her head down to whisper into Mary’s ear.  “When we go to Grandmother’s house next month, I need you to pretend to be Marky.”  
Mary jumped off the bed and spun around to face her mother.  Her eyes were wide with shock, but other than that her face was smooth and composed.  She was confused and angry, but when she saw the torment and regret in her mother’s face, her eyes became soft and curious again.  Silent tears were running down her mother’s cheeks.  Mary lifted her small pink hands and wiped her mother’s tears away.
“Don’t cry, Mother,” she soothed, “I’ll pretend to be Marky, and Grandmother will give us money.”  A small sob escaped Mrs. Read, and she pulled her selfless daughter to her chest.
“Oh, Mary,” she wailed.
“Don’t cry, Mother,” Mary said again.  Mrs. Read held her daughter’s angelic face in her hands.
“Thank you,” she whispered. 
That afternoon Mrs. Read sheared off Mary’s long blonde locks, leaving her with a curly mop.  Mark’s clothes still sat in a chest at the foot of his bed.  Instead of packing them away or cutting them into rags, Mrs. Read tailored them to fit Mary.  The following month Mrs. Read took Mary to visit her grandmother.
“He certainly is growing into a handsome boy,” Mary’s grandmother exclaimed.  “Tell me Mark, how old are you this year?”
“Six, Grandmother,” Mary answered, glancing nervously at her mother.  Mrs. Read nodded reassuringly although her heart beat quickly.
“And tell me, Mark,” her grandmother pressed, “have you learned to read?” Mary peeked at her mother out of the corner of her eye.  Mrs. Read shook her head ever so slightly.
“No, Grandmother,” Mary replied.  It wasn’t completely true.  Mary could read and recognize a few small words, but Mark hadn’t been able to learn.
“He cannot read yet,” her grandmother said disapprovingly.  She turned to Mary’s mother.  “Who is his tutor?”  Mrs. Read had never hired a tutor for Mark, or much less sent him to school.  She avoided the question all together.
“Mark is still learning to recite,” she replied coolly.  “Mark, recite the alphabet for Grandmother.”  Mrs. Read had tried teaching Mark the alphabet using their old horn book many times, but he didn’t have the patience for such things.  Mary on the other hand could recite it perfectly after hearing her mother read it aloud twice.  Mary recited the alphabet for her grandmother.  Her grandmother’s face puckered into a small smile.
“Very good.  Can you recite the Lord’s Prayer?”  The old woman asked.  Mrs. Read sucked in a nervous breath and tried to come up with an excuse to defend her daughter, but before she could open her mouth, Mary began to recite the prayer.
“Our Father, who art in heaven,” Mary began tentatively.  She knew that the words on the back of the horn book were the Lord’s Prayer, but she couldn’t read most of them yet. “Hallowed be Thy name.”  She had heard the prayer in church many times, though.  “Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.”  She knew she could say the rest of the prayer if she could keep the words strung together as she spoke.  She closed her eyes and sped through the rest of the prayer, not knowing what she was praying for. 
When she opened her eyes her grandmother was smiling with delight and her mother’s face was a mixture of surprise and relief.
“And you say the boy’s tutor hasn’t begun to teach him to read yet?” her grandmother asked, turning to Mrs. Read.
“No,” Mrs. Read replied, beaming at her daughter.
“Well, if you ask me, Mark is certainly ready to learn to read.  I would like to oversee his education from now on.  What would you say to moving into town and letting me provide him with a better tutor?”
“Oh, my,” Mrs. Read exclaimed.  Her face turned red as she fumbled for an excuse.  “I couldn’t possibly . . .”
“In addition I’ll pay you one crown a week, for taking care of your other expenses,” the grandmother added slyly.
“One crown a week,” Mrs. Read murmured to herself.  She glanced at her daughter, whose blue inquisitive eyes were examining her expression.  Mary gave her mother a quick nod.  “That is a very generous offer.  Thank you.  I will make arrangements to move as soon as I return home,” Mrs. Read answered unthinkingly.
“Oh, I am so glad!” her mother-in-law babbled, happily satisfied.  “There is a house down the street for let.  The woman who owns it is an old friend of mine.  She will be so pleased to finally find it occupants.  It should fit the three of you quite well.  Oh my, but I didn’t notice until now.  Where is your daughter?”  Mrs. Read turned her wide eyes on Mary.  Her mouth hung open, and her pulse began to race.
“Mary died,” Mary replied somberly.  She bit her lip and tears rolled down her cheeks as she thought of her brother.  She went to her mother and buried her head in her lap.
“Pneumonia,” Mrs. Read said tonelessly.  Her eyebrows knit together and she stared down at the blonde curls in her lap.  She patted her daughter’s head lovingly.
“How dreadful!” the old woman exclaimed.  “I am so sorry to hear it.”
“Dreadful,” Mrs. Read nodded in agreement, her eyes distant.  Soon, it would be as if Mary were dead.  She had traded her daughter’s life for one crown a week.  Mary would never get to be a little girl again.  Her mother had trapped her indefinitely behind the mask of her brother.

Mary was a fast learner.  Not only was she learning to read, she was also quickly adjusting to boyhood.  After her lessons with her tutor in her grandmother’s front parlor, she would be sent out to play with the neighborhood boys.  Despite being smaller than the other boys, she seemed to be accepted.  She learned all the usual employments of a little boy, shooting marbles, spinning tops, and eventually even learning to wrestle.
Even in the privacy of her own home, Mrs. Read kept Mary dressed as her brother.  Living only a few houses down from her grandmother, they never knew when they were going to be unexpectedly graced with a visit from her.  Mary’s clothes, dolls and other things from when she was a girl were packed in a chest and hidden in the attic.  Aside from her mother insisting that she at least learn to sew and cook, Mary grew up a boy.
For years Mrs. Read and Mary carried out their charade successfully.  As Mary got older, playing her brother convincingly became more difficult.  Every morning she would have to wrap her chest with long strips of linen.  She wore her trousers looser than the common style in an attempt to hide her new curves.  Her mother kept her hair chopped to shoulder length and had Mary tie it back, as she had noticed some of the other young men wearing their hair.  
Mary’s round soft face was hard to disguise as male.  Her lips and cheeks were naturally pink.  Her blue eyes were framed with thick lashes.  Mary’s smile was perhaps the most telling sign of her gender.  When it spread across her baby face it emphasized her round pink cheeks and made her eyes sparkle playfully.  Her mother discouraged her from smiling too wide and was constantly reminding her to speak in a low voice.  With a little practice, Mary was able to speak in a soft tenor convincing enough to be masculine.  She avoided social events, finding her gentle features and voice made her a favorite amongst the other young ladies.  
Shortly after Mary’s fifteenth birthday, her grandmother died.  To Mrs. Read’s horror, the old woman’s fortune was not left to Mark.  The grandmother’s property and the majority of her wealth legally passed to her brother’s relations.  Mary’s grandmother had willed a small sum of five hundred pounds to Mark, but it wouldn’t sustain Mary and her mother in their current lifestyle for much more than a year.  
Mrs. Read and her daughter were left with a choice.  With her grandmother and source of income gone, Mary was finally free to be a woman.  She and her mother could move and start a new but more meager life.  Mary was now portraying a seventeen year old Mark.  She could easily find work as an apprentice or house servant and allow her mother to live comfortably.  Finding work would mean another indefinite sentence as her brother, though.
Mary and her mother stood near the fireplace of their small kitchen, taking off their wet clothing.  The rain beat against the kitchen window, rattling it in its pane.  Mrs. Read’s eyes were still red and puffy from the funeral, although she hadn’t necessarily been crying over the loss of her mother-in-law.  Mary’s usually lively eyes were distant as she gazed into the fire, her mind churning with indecision.  Ultimately she knew the choice would be hers.  Although they hadn’t actually discussed their situation, both mother and daughter knew their limited options.  
Mrs. Read glanced warily over at her daughter.  Mary had become so independent and sure of herself in playing her role as Mark, that it was easy to forget she was only a fifteen year old girl.  Mrs. Read knew she relied on her daughter far too much.
“Mary,” she began hesitantly, “this masquerade needs to stop.  You need to be a young lady.”  Mary turned to look at her mother.
“No,” she said gently, “I do not need to be a young lady, Mother.  We need money.”
“Mary, you don’t have to be a boy.  We can get money other ways.  We can move back to London and find work there.”
“Mother, I’m not about to let you become someone’s laundress, not when I can make twice as much here as someone’s stable boy or footman,” she replied a bit angrily.
“But, Mary, you are not a boy.  We have done this for much too long as it is,” she protested.  “You have gotten an education and we have as much of your grandmother’s money as we could get.  It is time we stopped this.”
Mary leaned against the fireplace with her arm on the mantle.  It was difficult for her not to slip into her masculine mannerisms even when there was no need for her to pretend to be Mark.
“But what if I stayed a boy,” she said staring into the coals.  “I was thinking I could work for Mr. Weber.  I heard he was looking for an apprentice.  He’s getting old.  I bet he would pass on his business to me in a few years.”
“A cooper!” Mrs. Read shrieked.  She began pacing the kitchen.  “Your own business!  Mary, have you gone mad?”
“Think of the money, Mother!” Mary shouted.
“I’m thinking of your future, Mary!” 
“What of it?” Mary asked, taking her mother’s wrists so she would stop storming about the kitchen.  Mrs. Read studied her daughter’s face.  Mary’s eyes were wide and questioning, her jaw set in determination.
“The safest, easiest, and most respectable way for us to get money,” her mother explained softly, “is for you to marry.”  Mary’s shoulders relaxed as she let out a long breath.  Now she studied her mother’s face.  Mary hadn’t noticed how delicate looking her mother had become until now.  Her pale skin pulled against her cheekbones and little wrinkles were forming around her eyes.  
“I don’t see how you can get married if you’re living as a man, running your own business,” her mother reasoned. Mary let go of her wrists and turned back towards the fire.  She bit at her lower lip as she tried to calculate in her head.  Her mother was right.  The easiest way to secure their future was for her to marry.
“Who would want to marry me?” 
“What are you talking about?” her mother asked shocked.  “You are a beautiful girl and much more intelligent than most of the young ladies in town.”
“That is exactly it, Mother,” Mary answered tensely.  “Everyone here thinks I’m Mark Read.  I cannot suddenly become Mary Read again.  We would have to move back to London.”
“Then we will move back to London,” her mother affirmed quickly.  “Once we become known in society, I’m sure a young gentleman will single you out right away.”
“Mother,” Mary exclaimed impatiently, “we will not be able to afford that kind of society.  We’ll have spent most of our five hundred pounds moving back to London.  We will be penniless unless the both of us find work.  Besides, I do not even own a dress!  I’ll be lucky if a farm boy wants to marry me!”  Mrs. Read’s face fell.  Tears began to collect in the corners of her eyes.
“There must be some way . . .” she whispered as she sank into a chair at their rough kitchen table.  Mary sighed and sat down across from her mother, taking her hand.
“Let me pretend to be Mark for a few more years,” she said softly.  “I’ll find work and we can save up money, so when we do move back to London I’ll have a better chance of finding a suitable husband.”  She wanted to keep her mother hopeful.  Mrs. Read wiped her wet eyes with her already damp handkerchief.
“How many years, Mary?”
“I cannot say for certain, but I think two years would be sufficient for us to save enough money to move.”
“The gentlemen you meet in London are going to want young wives, and if we wait . . .” her mother protested.
“We have lots of time, Mother.  I’m only fifteen, remember,” Mary answered laughing.
“So you will not go to Mr. Weber and ask to be his apprentice?”
“No,” Mary sighed.  “I’ll find work elsewhere.”  She gave her mother’s hand a squeeze.  “We’re going to be all right, Mother,” she reassured her.  “We’ll be in London in no time.”
But Mary and her mother never made it back to London.  Mary worked as a footboy to a wealthy French woman, but did not stay for long.  The woman drank excessively and would slap Mary and refuse to pay her.  When Mary heard the British militia was staying in the nearby countryside, she went to visit them.  Learning their wages were higher than what she was making as a footboy, she enlisted.  Promising to write and send money, Mary left her mother with the remainder of their five hundred pounds.


Chapter 5

“Anne!” her mother exclaimed as Anne entered the parlor through the servants quarters, “You look horrid!  Where have you been?”  Anne was a bit surprised at her mother’s tone and aggression.  She couldn’t remember the last time her mother had addressed her so sternly.  Her mother was usually timid.  She had never gotten used to being a member of the upper class.  It was usually her father who did the scolding.
“I went for a walk in the garden,” she explained.
“The garden?”  Her mother raised her eyebrows as she stared at Anne’s soiled hem.
“Well, I walked in the woods for a bit, too,” Anne confessed.  “It was shadier there.”  She caught a glimpse of her reflection in the mirror.  She really did look horrid.  Her whole face was red, either flushed from the heat or burnt from the sun.  Almost all her hair had fallen from its original artistic twist on the top of her head.  What were once lovely brown curls were now limp strands of hair, frizzy from the heat.
“You’re not even fully dressed,” her mother gasped.  Anne’s stockings and under petticoat were tucked in the crook of her elbow.  Her pumps were still lying on the floor under her bed.
“It’s hot out,” Anne protested, quickly growing tired of her mother’s scolding.
“Well hurry upstairs and tidy yourself before supper.  We have a guest tonight.”
“Who?” Anne asked.
“An officer of some sort.  He’s out on the porch with your father and they’re going to come in soon.  Dinner is almost ready.  Go upstairs now, Anne!” her mother exclaimed, shooing her towards the door.  Anne stumbled out through the parlor door and towards the stairway at the end of the hall.  She had just begun to mount the first step when she heard the front door creak open behind her.  She tried to hurry up to her room, taking the steps two at a time, but she only got halfway up when she heard her father address her.
“Oh, Anne, there you are!”  His tone was completely opposite of what it had been earlier that afternoon.  He was putting on airs, to impress their guest no doubt.  Anne stopped in mid-step and turned to look down at her father.  She held the arm with her petticoat and stockings behind her back to hide them from their guest.  She couldn’t help but notice the man standing slightly behind her father, who averted his eyes as he waited to be introduced.  “Where have you been?” her father asked lightheartedly.
“I was out walking in the garden,” she replied, trying to step backwards up the staircase towards the refuge of her room.  
“Well, come down here so I can introduce you to our guest.”  Because of his near-sightedness, Mr. Cormac had no idea of the indecency of his daughter’s appearance.
“Oh, no, I shouldn’t . . .” Anne tried to make an excuse, but her father cut her off.
“I insist,” he said sharply.  Anne tried to pretend like nothing was wrong by behaving as gracefully and civilly as possible.  She ran her fingers over her hair, and walked slowly and smoothly down the staircase.  The gentleman could no longer act like he didn’t notice her.  A small smile curled his lips, realizing the effort she was making.  By the time she reached the bottom of the staircase, Anne felt completely ridiculous and realized that her composure couldn’t hide her haphazard hair, red face, and bare feet, so she just walked ashamedly towards her now gawking father.
“Captain Rackham,” her father’s voice faltered as he tried to cover his embarrassment, “this is my daughter, Anne.  Anne, Captain Rackham is a British privateer.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Miss Cormac,” the captain uttered in a deep smooth voice as he extended his hand.  Anne held out her sweaty right hand.  Her garments still hung in the crook of her elbow.  Her face flushed.  She wasn’t sure if she was blushing because of her dirty stocking, her dirty feet, or because the handsome young man was pressing his lips to her three middle fingers.
“I . . .” Anne began, thinking she should explain herself, but the damage was already done.  She changed her sentence, “I’m so glad you could join us for supper this evening, Captain.”
“Thank you very much for having me on such short notice,” he replied.  Anne thought perhaps his remark was a snide suggestion about her appearance, but the corners of his eyes and mouth wrinkled slightly as if he were trying to hide an understanding smile.  Anne blushed a little again.  Her father was giving her a very peculiar stare.
“If you’ll excuse me,” she said, “I think it would be best if I freshened up before supper.”
“Of course, my dear,” her father exclaimed in a tone full of relief.  
“I’ll be down in a moment,” Anne said as she made her way up the stairs.  She thought she could hear her father apologizing to Captain Rackham as she got to the second story landing.  She was mortified, but the captain didn’t seem to care.  He hadn’t been flustered by her appearance, if anything he had found her comical.  Anne decided that she would rather have the captain laugh at her than be repulsed by her.  
Tula had cleaned up the glass and straightened her things.  The room once again looked immaculate.  Anne closed her bedroom door behind her, and leaned against it for a moment as she decided what to do.  She didn’t want to call for Betsy because she would be in the kitchen helping with dinner, and Anne didn’t have time to wait for her.  Without her she couldn’t change her dress or do much with her hair, but she could manage.  
She went to her wash table and poured the pitcher of water into the wash bowl.  She splashed the lukewarm water onto her face and let it dribble down her features and off into the bowl.  She looked up to where her mirror had hung a few hours ago and was instantly frustrated with herself for breaking it.  Instead she pulled a small hand mirror out of the drawer of her nightstand and studied her reflection.
She had a wild, lively look about her.  Her face was very red and her eyes were bright and watery.  Compared to the grotesque doll she had seen in the mirror before, she seemed almost savage.  Anne wiped her face.  She noticed that the water remaining in the bowl had turned slightly brown.  No wonder her father had gawked at her like he did.  The captain’s reaction to her had actually been very kind.  Anne knew she wouldn’t have been able to resist making a biting remark if she had been introduced to a hostess who looked as disheveled as she did. 
Anne picked the remaining pins out of her hair and began running her silver backed brush through the tangled mess, careful not to make it worse.  When she had finished, she tied a cream colored ribbon around it to make a low ponytail.  She pulled a fresh pair of stockings on over her dirty feet.  She found her shoes under her bed and slipped them on as well.  She threw her old petticoat over her footboard and didn’t bother with a new one.  Anne reexamined herself in the hand mirror. 
Her dark eyes stared back at her from under thick lashes. Her face was still red, but only on her nose, cheeks, and forehead where the sun burnt her usually pallid skin.  Now brushed and tied back, her hair seemed presentable.  Her face still had a liveliness to it, but she no longer looked savage, and definitely didn’t look doll-like.  Hopefully the captain would appreciate her change in appearance and it wasn’t too late to make a better impression.  Six chimes rang out from the clock in the hall, and Anne realized she was supposed to be in the dining room. 
As she slipped into the dining room she noticed that everyone was standing behind their chairs waiting for her.  Her father stood at the head of the table, Captain Rackham at his right, and her mother at his left.  The final place setting was to the right of the captain.  The unbalanced table bothered Anne.  It made her feel excluded, like a child tagging along. 
“Anne,” her father scolded as she walked to her chair, next to the young captain, “You have kept Captain Rackham from his supper.  Apologize before we sit down.”  Anne felt the uncomfortable embarrassment begin to creep into her again.  She knew he was punishing her for their dispute earlier that afternoon.  Her attempt at a better impression was failing.  But as she turned to give her apology to the captain, she noticed his mouth had turned into the smallest of understanding smiles and relief revived her mood.  She made her eyes wide and innocent and her mouth pursed into a small pout.  With the slightest hint of sarcasm she apologized. 
“I’m so sorry to have kept you from your supper, Captain Rackham, but do not you think I look improved?”  The captain raised his eyebrows with surprise, but quickly answered her question, matching her discrete level of sarcasm.  
“ ’Twas no inconvenience, and your looks are indeed much improved.  I would rather my supper delayed a few moments, than be guest to a barefooted hostess.”  Anne clenched her jaw to stop the laugh about to escape her.  She was highly amused with the captain’s willingness to play along.  Her father cleared his throat.
“Ahh, yes, thank you, Anne,” he said, pulling back his chair.  “Shall we?” he announced, gesturing towards the dishes on the table.  As she sat, Captain Rackham slid Anne’s chair in underneath her.  The small gesture made her feel forgiven and lady like.  Her pulse quickened ever so slightly.
Anne found it difficult to concentrate throughout dinner.  Her food became cold as she listened to the conversation between her father and their guest.  His heavy English accent made everything he said sound profound or polite.  It tickled Anne.  It seemed so delicate and sophisticated compared to the Irish lilt of her parents.
She watched him from the corner of her eye.  All his movements were fluid and confident.  He seemed completely aware of himself and everything around him.  Anne wondered if it was natural, the result of finishing school, or because he was used to constantly adjusting to the motion of the sea.  Anne was trying to analyze the sailor when she heard her name tacked to the end of a question.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” she responded, her spoon in mid air.  She lowered it and noticed the waiting eyes on her.  “What was the question?”
“I was wondering why you haven’t eaten any of your dinner,” Captain Rackham replied, giving her a mischievous smile her parents didn’t seem to notice.  “I found it delicious.  I’m almost done, and I conversed through the whole meal.”  Anne stared down at her full plate of food as she tried to remember why she hadn’t eaten anything.
“I’m afraid I’m not very hungry this evening,” she replied.  “I think it must be the heat,” she added quickly.
“Are you all right, Anne?” her mother asked, suddenly concerned.  “It is terribly hot today.  You are excused from the table if you need fresh air.”
“Mother, please don’t fuss.  I’m fine,” Anne answered before her mother could suggest any other remedies.
“May I propose,” Captain Rackham interrupted, “that Anne finish a bit of her dinner and then show me around the garden?  I could use a breath of fresh air myself.”  He winked at Anne.  Once again neither of her parents caught his sly gesture.
“What a good idea, Captain,” her mother exclaimed.  “Anne, what do you say?”
“Of course,” Anne replied, meeting the gaze of the captain.  
“Oh, but Captain, we were going to meet in the study for drinks after supper,” her father objected.
“My dear, I’m sure Captain Rackham will have time after their walk to talk in the study,” her mother interjected, throwing him a look.
“I’m not as busy a man as you suppose, Mr. Cormac.  I’m sure I have time for both,” the captain replied.
“I see I’m outnumbered,” Anne’s father said sullenly.  “Anne, hurry and finish eating so you won’t be out walking after dark.”
“Yes, sir,” Anne answered picking up her fork.  The other three at the table had nearly finished eating and watched Anne as she picked up small bites with her fork.  Feeling their stares, she tried to draw the attention away from herself.  
“I’m curious, Captain, what is it that a privateer does?”
“Anne,” her father scolded, “A young lady does not ask about business matters, especially at a dinner table.”
“Oh,” Anne replied, once again feeling childish as well as confused, “I didn’t think it a matter of business but more a matter of occupation.”
“It is both,” the captain said, trying to appease both Anne and her father, “and I’m not offended.  It is a complicated and misunderstood profession.”  He stopped and glanced over at Anne’s father.  “Perhaps I could simply explain what it is and why it is necessary, sir.”  Anne’s father glanced at his wife, who appeared curious herself.
“I suppose, since I’ve already obtained the reputation of being easily persuaded this evening,” the once lawyer replied.
“Thank you, sir.”  He turned towards Anne, “Miss Cormac, bear with me while I explain a few things first.”  Anne nodded and lifted her fork to her mouth.  She felt uneasy with the captain focusing his attentions on her.  
“As I’m sure you are aware, the economy of the world has changed dramatically within the past several decades,” he began.  “With the high demand of goods from the Caribbean and the colonies, there has been an increase in trade and merchant ships on the Atlantic from nations in the east, especially from Spain and Portugal.  Trading with the western continents is making them wealthy nations.  Their merchant ships are known for being hostile.  They are very territorial and have opened fire on other British vessels.  The Scottish suffer under their treachery as well.  They are now going so far as to capture other merchant ships, claiming their goods and sometimes the crews as well,” he explained in a calm even voice.
“How dreadful!” Anne’s mother gasped.
“It is indeed, madam,” the captain continued.  “The Spanish and Portuguese are becoming a strong naval force in the Atlantic.  Their economies are flourishing on our stolen goods.  They are becoming a threat to the English.  They call the practice privateering.”
“But aren’t you a privateer, Captain?”  Anne asked, confused.  He looked slightly disgusted by her question.
“English privateers are merely defending our country’s economic stability by combating the privateers of Spain and Portugal.  We’re reclaiming what was ours in the first place, while keeping those Spanish pirates in their place.”
“Pirates?” Anne exclaimed, almost choking on her last bite of dinner.
“Without a letter of marque, privateering is nothing more than common piracy, Miss Cormac.  Several of the ships I’ve captured are those of pirates, claiming to be privateers.  They sail under their country’s flag, but have no letter of marque.  They keep the stolen goods for themselves.  But privateer or pirate, they suffer the same fate when captured by an English privateer.”  Anne’s father cleared his throat again.
“Thank you, Captain,” he interrupted, “but I think that’s all Anne needs to know.”
“You are quite right, sir,” he replied.  “It isn’t something a young lady should concern herself with.”  He turned to Anne, “Now, if you’re finished, Miss Cormac, I would be most grateful if you would show me about the garden.”  Anne set down her fork.  She had only eaten a few bites, but no one at the table noticed.
“Of course,” Anne replied as she lifted her napkin from her lap.  The captain jumped up so he could pull out her chair as she rose from the table.  
“Don’t be too long, Anne,” her father warned as he gestured towards his study.
“No, sir,” Anne answered, heading towards the door.  Her father gave her a quick threatening look, reminding Anne to behave herself, but he had nothing to worry about.  Anne didn’t think she could misbehave in front of the captain.  As friendly as he was, something about him intimidated the usually fearless Anne.  
Evening sunlight slanted onto the wide front porch.  Anne wasn’t sure what to talk to the captain about.  She already knew quite a bit about him from sitting through dinner.  She wanted to know more about privateering, but she didn’t want to ask anything improper.  Luckily, she didn’t have to start the conversation.  The captain’s smooth voice broke the silence.
“It is terribly hot here,” he observed.  “Are most days like this?” he asked as he offered Anne his arm.
“Well, August is the worst,” she explained, laughing to herself a little.
“I imagine the heat could make life in the house quite . . . trying,” he ventured.
“Oh, could you tell?” Anne asked sardonically as she stopped to open the garden gate.  The captain smirked.
“I did notice you and your father were rather . . . short with each other,” he replied, reclaiming Anne’s arm and shutting the gate behind them.  She smiled to herself.
“Yes, we’re both short tempered all year round, but in the summer, we’re at our best.”  The captain let out a loud unguarded laugh.  Anne was slightly startled by his reaction, but joined in his laughter.  The careful polite façade he had worn at supper was wearing off.  
“Miss Cormac, you must leave many people tongue tied,” Captain Rackham chuckled, his eyes sparkling.  
“I suppose,” Anne smiled and blushed a little, “I often say things I shouldn’t.”
“Oh, but I find you amusing,” the captain exclaimed.
“You do?”
“Quite,” he answered with a wide grin.  Anne grinned back wickedly.
“Since you find my words so amusing, then perhaps you would not mind me asking more about privateering?”  The smile left his face, but his eyes still twinkled.
“I don’t think your father would approve of that conversation,” he commented, glancing warily at the house.  Anne rolled her eyes.  Her father couldn’t censor her life forever.
“Perhaps a few questions?” she pressed.  
“No,” he replied, a small smile curling his lips again as he attempted to change the subject. “Your garden is quite unique.  We don’t have many of these flowers in England.”
“You can decide which ones you want to answer,” she bargained.
“No, Miss Cormac.”  Although he was firm in his responses, he seemed to be enjoying the bantering.  Anne noticed and decided to take advantage of his good humor.
“The least you could do is explain the reason for your visit,” she exclaimed, pretending to be upset.  Captain Rackham stopped walking and Anne turned to face him.  He easily read through the fake anger she had attempted, but Anne kept her hard expression.  He fought the smile on his face as his green eyes met Anne’s dark ones.
“Very well,” he sighed.  “My ship needed to make port.  The crew is weary and we need to restock our supplies.  I came to your father specifically because a privateer also acts as a merchant when he comes ashore, trading for goods to bring home.  Tobacco is in high demand throughout Europe.  I was hoping to trade with him before we set sail again.”
“I’m sure he would be happy to oblige, Captain,” Anne said sweetly.  “Now see, that wasn’t so dreadful, was it?”  She looked up at him with mock innocence.
“No, it wasn’t,” he laughed as he turned and started walking further into the garden.  Anne followed.
“Where is home to you, Captain?”
“London, but it’s been almost two years since I have seen it,” he replied wistfully. 
“Do you miss it?”  It wasn’t the sort of questions she was interested in getting answers to, but she was trying to lead him to other, more burning questions.
“Sometimes, but The King’s Fortitude is my other home.”
“The King’s Fortitude?” 
“My ship,” the captain answered.  “She is far from glamorous - small, damp, and rat infested - but she has gotten me through storms and winters and battles.  I’ve been aboard her so long it’s as if she is a part of me.”  Anne shivered.  Living on a ship sounded miserable.
“I do not see how anyone could live such a dreadful life,” Anne murmured.  The captain laughed a little to himself.  He turned towards the setting sun and seemed to fix his gaze to a point on the horizon.  Anne studied his expression of concentration.  His tanned skin glowed in the last rays of the day’s sunlight; his sharp green eyes squinted against its brightness.  He had a square angular jaw and high cheek bones, giving him a look of authority.  His hair was bleached a light brown color.  He was easily a head and a half taller than her and had wide shoulders.  If his actual size wasn’t enough, the way he carried himself made Anne feel small next to him.  Anne was wondering if her day in the scorching sun would turn her skin the same tan color as his, when his voice interrupted her thoughts.
“Tell me, Miss Cormac, do you enjoying reading?” he asked, snapping out of his reverie.
“Not particularly,” she answered truthfully.  His question puzzled her.  He smiled down at her.
“You don’t enjoy poetry?” he tried again.
“Not at all,” she replied.  “I never had the patience for it.”  The captain pulled a little brown book out of the breast pocket of his coat.
“Then perhaps this will not help, but we will try.”
“What?” Anne asked, eyeing him suspiciously.  He flipped through the pages of the small book.  Finding what he was looking for, he handed the book to Anne, and pulled her to a bench encircled and hidden by shrubs.
“Read this passage,” he instructed, pointing to a stanza starting half way down the page.  Anne’s eyes moved back and forth across the page, trying to read through the passage as quickly as possible.  
“No, no,” the captain interrupted, placing his hand over the book.  “Poetry is like music, it must be performed to be appreciated.”  Anne rolled her eyes, but cleared her throat.
“Indeed, now they are troubled,
the thoughts of my heart,
that I myself should strive with 
the high streams,
the tossing of salt waves –
the wish of my heart urges 
all the time
my spirit to go forth.”  Anne, feeling ridiculous, glanced up at the captain, who merely raised his eyebrows, willing her to continue.
“That I, far from here,
should seek the homeland 
of a foreign people . . .”  She stopped again, still feeling foolish.  “Why don’t you read, Captain?” Anne suggested, pressing the book into his hands.  He just smiled.
“Very well,” he muttered.  Anne thought she heard him say something about a stubborn Irish woman.
“Indeed there is not so proud-spirited
a man in the world,
nor so generous of gifts,
nor so bold in his youth,
nor so brave in his deeds,
nor so dear to his Lord,” The poetry Anne had detested a moment ago, suddenly sounded sad and beautiful.  The captain’s voice was gentle and lush.  It sounded so melodic compared to her odd eclectic Yankee accent.  The words seemed to pull at something inside of her.
“That he never in his seafaring
has a worry,
as to what his Lord
will do to him.
Not for him is the sound of the 
harp
nor the giving of rings
nor pleasure in woman
nor worldly glory –
nor anything at all
unless the tossing of waves;
but he always has a longing,
he who strives on the waves.”  The captain stopped and looked to Anne, whose eyes were wide and glassy.  “Now do you see,” he asked shyly, “how someone could choose a life at sea?”  Anne lifted her eyes and met his gaze.  She nodded.
“That was beautiful,” she replied meekly.  A smile broke across his face, again.
“It’s called ‘The Seafarer.’”
“I have never heard of it.”  
The captain chuckled, “Well . . . if you never read.”  Anne gave him a look of defiance, but smiled despite herself when she saw him grinning at her.  “Did you understand it?”
“Yes, I believe so.  You endure the dangers of the sea because it is the adventure itself you enjoy,” Anne answered.
“Something like that,” the captain said with a smile.  “Some sailors will say the sea calls to them.  They crave the wind and the motion of the sea.  They call it wanderlust.”
“What an odd word.”
“Yes, I suppose it is,” he remarked, trying to read her expression.  Anne’s dark eyebrows were knitted above her narrowed eyes, as though she was thinking very hard.  When she realized the captain was watching her she relaxed her face.
“And do you think you have wanderlust, Captain Rackham?” she asked.
“Yes, very much so,” he smiled.  He stood up and offered her his arm.  “Well, Miss Cormac, I have told you all about myself, but I don’t know much about you.  I know you don’t like to read and that you are rather . . . hot blooded shall we say.  Enlighten me, Miss Cormac.”  
Anne looked into the setting sun and blinked a few times.  Her carefully supervised life in the small bubble of Charles Town society seemed so mundane compared to his.  She sighed and answered his question.
“I don’t like riding, drawing, or playing the spinet although I’ve been taught all three.  I don’t have the patience for reading or stitching.  I guess I enjoy parties, but dancing and cards easily bore me, and I don’t like having to entertain guests.”
“Then I am terribly sorry,” the captain exclaimed.  Anne glanced up at him.  His green eyes were wide and sparkling with shock or amusement, she wasn’t sure which one.
“Apart from you,” said Anne quickly, and she realized she meant it.  The captain laughed.
“Is there anything you do like, Miss Cormac?”  Anne pursed her lips.  She sighed, realizing she actually had to think of something she enjoyed doing.
“I like walking,” she answered dryly.
“As do I,” the captain said gently.  They walked in silence for a few minutes as the sun slowly sunk below the horizon.  “Well, Miss Cormac, I think we’d best return to the house.  I wouldn’t want you to break your word.”  Anne looked at him confused.  “To your father,” he said curling up the corners of his mouth.  “You promised to be back before dark.”  Anne smiled back.

It was too hot to sleep that night.  Anne lay on top of her covers, trying to not let any parts of her body touch so she wouldn’t feel the sweat on her skin.  She was trying to remember the words to “The Seafarer.”  For some reason she could only remember the words Captain Rackham had recited. Maybe he was right about poetry being like music, not that she enjoyed either.
Anne slid out of bed and went to the window.  She pushed both panes wide open to let in the breeze, even though there wasn’t much.  She leaned out the window.  She wasn’t sure if it was hotter inside or out.  Knowing she wouldn’t fall asleep for a long time, she sat on the window sill and looked up at the night sky.  Only a few stars shined through the thick clouds.  It was bound to rain soon.  Maybe then it wouldn’t be so hot.
That nagging restlessness, her constant companion, was now more than an annoyance.  Something inside of her had been set in motion, but she couldn’t seem to identify what that something was.  She sifted through all the details of her day.  It had been an eventful one.  More had happened today than usually took place in a week on the Cormac plantation.
Anne sighed and tried to stop her thoughts so she could sleep.  She rested her head on the window sill, closed her eyes, and listened very carefully.  She could barely make out the lapping of the ocean through the thick night air, and she fell asleep listening to it.
She awoke with a start the next morning, still at the window.  What she wanted was suddenly very clear.  The pieces had fit themselves together for her as she slept.  Her mind was no longer jumbled with wild thoughts, but focused with determination.  The more she thought, the fiercer her determination became.  She began planning. 


Chapter 6

Something very hot was touching Mary’s face.  She blinked, but opened or closed, everything looked dark to her eyes.  It wasn’t until she felt cool fingers brushing her forehead that she realized it was her face that was hot.  For some reason she felt anxious, like there was something she was forgetting.  She willed herself to sit up, but her body didn’t seem to want to move.  Someone was calling her name again.  It was a voice she recognized, but she couldn’t form words to respond.  She thought she could make out the face of Doctor Hamilton leaning over her.  The voice told her to sleep, so Mary stopped struggling and let herself slip into a fitful sleep.
Blurs of red men and flashing rifles caused Mary to twist her face in agony as she dreamt. The cacophony of panicked shouts and explosions rang in her ears.  She fought against the haunting dreams until she came to a pleasant one.  Unlike the glimpses of the battle of Flanders she had just escaped, this dream was as vivid as if she were reliving it.  The shallow walls of the tent hung on either side of her.  The distinct smell of camp, smoke, gun powder, and sweat, tickled her nose.  
A sting of pain shot through the lower left side of her ribs.  She knelt on her limp straw mattress.  The tent was too low for her to stand up straight.  She quickly and quietly stripped away her coat, vest, and shirt.  She slipped her fingers through the hole in her vest, trying to determine how big the fracture of wood in her side might be.  The blood had made a long oval stain on her yellowed cotton shirt.  She tried to focus on her breathing as she peeled the material away from tender skin, careful not to moan.
Only a few yards away, three members of her platoon lounged around the campfire finishing supper.  They murmured to each other about the day’s victory.  She needed to pull the shard of wood out of her side and stitch together the ragged edges of her skin before her tent mate came in for the night.  She had become a cadet, lived amongst a battalion of soldiers, and fought in five battles in her eighteen months of serving in the British militia and had managed to successfully conceal her sex.  She wasn’t about to let a splinter of pine reveal what she had worked so hard to hide.  She wasn’t sure what the consequences of her charade would be, but she wasn’t ready to find out.
Mary laid her soiled shirt on the grassy floor of her tent, careful not to get blood on anything.  She held a tiny candle up to her side to examine the gash.  The rough chunk of wood was easily visible between the jagged edges of her skin.  She wouldn’t have to dig around too much or pull too hard to get it out, and the wound had stopped bleeding.  Blood had soaked up into the linens wrapped around her chest.  She debated unbinding herself.  It would make cleaning and sewing the hole in her side much easier, but she didn’t want to waste time.  Instead she folded the bloody linens up away from the wound and examined her side in the candle light one more time.  She winced as she leaned over to set the candle down and reached for her canteen.
Mary gasped.  The murmuring from the men at the fire had stopped and she heard the shuffling of footsteps as her tent mate approached.  Before she even had time to think to blow out the candle, a light haired soldier had poked his head in the flap of their tent.
“Mark, are you still up?” he whispered gruffly.  Mary scrambled to pull her shirt to her chest and cover the wound.  “Dear God, Mark, what happened to you?” the soldier asked as he crouched down in the tent beside her, seeing the blood.  Mary stared at him, wide eyed.  In the faint light of the candle she watched the concern in his face turn to shock.  He staggered backward, putting as much space between them as the little tent would allow.
“Noah, I . . . please don’t tell anyone.”  Her whisper was barely audible.  The seconds ticked by slowly as they stared at each other, she trying to gauge his reaction, he trying to make sense of what he was seeing.
“Who are you?” he whispered in a panicked voice.  “What are you doing here?”
“My name is Mary Read,” she answered slowly.  “I’ve been pretending to be my brother Mark since he died . . . when I was four,” she explained.  Noah’s expression hadn’t changed.  His eyes were still wide and his mouth hung open a little.
“But what are you doing here?” he breathed.  Mary tried to control her rapidly increasing heartbeat.  This was the first time in her thirteen years of disguise that anyone had discovered her false identity.  She was beginning to slip into a state of panic.
“I’m making money to send to my mother,” she whispered.  She let her shirt fall back to the ground and Noah quickly averted his eyes.  
“Please, Noah, don’t tell,” she pleaded.  He looked thoughtfully at the ground for a moment and then turned his head up, careful to look Mary in the face and not at the other parts of her anatomy which she was shockingly unabashed about.  He gave her a small nod.  “Thank you,” she whispered.  She reached for her canteen and a grimace flickered across her face.
“But Mark, you’re hurt,” he exclaimed, kneeling at her side again.  He shook his head as if trying to clear it.  “Sorry . . . Mary, you need to see the surgeon.”
“I can’t,” she insisted.  He held the candle up to her side.
“What happened?”
“I was in the right flank when the supply wagon was hit with a cannon ball.  A shard of wood from the wagon cut into my side, and it’s still in there,” she whispered hastily.  She pushed his hand away and went back to work.
“Mary,” he stopped her, grabbing her wrists in his big hands.  “Let me take you to the surgeon.”
“No, Noah.  If I go to the surgeon, he will turn me over to the captain and I’m not sure what the punishment is for something like this,” she whispered angrily, pulling away from his grip.  “Regardless, when the captain finds out I’m a woman, I’m sure he will not let me continue to fight, and I need the money.”
“I know the surgeon.  Doctor Hamilton is a reasonable man.  I’m sure if you explained your situation to him he would agree to keep your secret . . . as I will.”  Mary studied his face.
“Thank you, but it’s not as bad as it looks,” she replied impatiently.  But as she dribbled water over the wound her face creased with pain.
“I think it is,” Noah argued.  He put his face very close to hers forcing her to look him in the eyes.  “I will not let anything happen to you.  If you don’t want Doctor Hamilton to tell the captain, I’ll see to it that he doesn’t.  Don’t you trust me?”  Mary clenched her jaw angrily, but then sighed in defeat.
“Fine.  Let’s go.”  Of course she trusted him.  She had fought and slept next to him for the past seven months.  Despite the secrets she had to keep from him, he knew her better than any other person on earth besides her mother.  Noah smiled shyly, his eyebrows still raised in amazement that he had been living with a woman for half a year and didn’t know it.
“But don’t start thinking that because I’m a woman I need taking care of,” she warned him as she carefully slipped her bloody shirt over her head, holding her face tightly so she couldn’t wince.  “I’ve looked after myself for the past year and a half and I’ve managed fine.”
“Until now,” he muttered.  She angrily tugged her arms into her jacket, this time not bothering to hide the winces.  He held the flap of the tent open for her.  “After you.”  Mary glared at him, blatantly showing her dislike for his change in behavior towards her.  She unwillingly stepped out of the tent first.
The two soldiers treaded softly through the sleeping camp.  Only a few men remained at their campfires, talking in hushed voices.  The moon was only a tiny sliver in the clear sky, and darkness blanketed the camp.  The surgeon’s tent, as well as the tent for the wounded sat on top of a hill at the far end of the camp.  Mary stumbled a bit as the incline of the hill took her by surprise.  Noah was at her elbow in a second.
“Are you all right, Mary?” he whispered.
“I’m fine, Noah,” she answered, slightly annoyed.
“Would you like me to carry you?”
“No!” she hissed, “Stop it!”
“Sorry,” he muttered.
The long hospital tent glowed faintly from the candlelight inside.  Mary hurried ahead of Noah so he couldn’t hold the tent flap open for her.  Mary held her breath as she entered.  It smelled strongly of blood.  She tried not to look around too much, but she recognized the boy sleeping in the cot nearest to her.  The left side of his face and his left shoulder were covered in bandages.  A tin plate of wood shards sat on the ground next to his cot.  He had been in the right flank with her that afternoon.  He must have also been near the wagon when it exploded.  She swallowed and closed her eyes, fighting back her nerves.
She wasn’t nervous for the doctor’s procedure.  It was his reaction to her when he discovered her sex that she feared most.  She felt Noah standing next to her and she was oddly comforted by his presence.  She realized that she hadn’t often felt unsure of herself when she was a man.  Being discovered for what she truly was brought on a foreign feeling of vulnerability.  She scanned the rows of cots, looking for Doctor Hamilton.  She quickly decided that if she didn’t get the impression he was the sort of man she could trust she wouldn’t give him the chance to discover her.  She would remove the splinter and sew herself up.  Noah had promised to keep her secret.
Doctor Hamilton sat on the edge of a soldier’s cot as he finished bandaging the boy’s wrist in a splint.  Mary could easily read the compassion in the surgeon’s face.  She let out a shaky sigh hoping he would be compassionate enough to keep her secret.
“Everything is going to be fine,” Noah assured her.  “Doctor Hamilton is a good man.”  Mary nodded.
“Doctor,” Noah called out across the tent, “may I have a word with you?”
“What can I do for you, boy?” the doctor asked as he came over to greet them.
“I have a . . . favor to ask,” Noah said in a low voice.
“Noah . . . Lawrence, isn’t it?” the surgeon asked.
“Yes, sir.”
“How’s your ankle, Noah?”  Noah smiled, surprised that the doctor remembered his name much less his last injury.
“Fine, sir.  Still gets a bit sore when I run, but . . .”  Mary cleared her throat.  She wanted to let the doctor help her before her nerves got the best of her.  “Sorry,” Noah said quickly.
“You said you needed a favor,” the doctor prompted.
“Yes, sir.  May . . . Mark and I please speak with you in private?  Perhaps in your tent?”  The doctor raised his graying bushy eyebrows.  He eyed Mary suspiciously and his eyes fell to the bloody stain covering her shirt.  
“Are you hurt, son?” the doctor asked Mary.
“Umm, yes, sir,” she responded softly, pulling her jacket shut to hide the stain.  Mary could feel her side beginning to pulse and was relieved she was going to have a doctor’s help soon.
“It’s a bit more complicated than that, sir,” Noah interjected.
“And I can’t treat him here?” the doctor hedged.
“No, sir,” said Noah.
“Very well,” the doctor said, his brow creased with suspicion. “Follow me.”
Mary followed the doctor out of the tent and into the dark night.  In the faint glow of the candlelit tents she thought she could make out the salvaged parts of the wagon responsible for her troubles.  
“Now what seems to be the problem?” the doctor asked, lighting the candle on the table as they entered the tent.  His tent was much bigger.  They easily stood upright inside it.
“Well, ahhh . . .” Noah stuttered, glancing warily at Mary.  Mary sighed.
“I’ll show him,” she murmured, shrugging out of her jacket.
“Show me what?” the doctor demanded.  Neither of them responded.  Noah averted his eyes.  Mary grimaced as she lifted her arms to remove her shirt.
“Oh, I see,” the doctor exclaimed.  He raised his bushy eyebrows again, but didn’t seem nearly as shocked as Mary had anticipated.  “Were you in the right flank today, my dear?”
“Yes, sir,” Mary responded, feeling slightly relieved by his casual response.
“That damned wagon,” he grumbled to himself as he went to his cabinet and pulled out a few supplies. 
“Doctor Hamilton?” Mary pressed.
“Yes, my dear?”
“You mustn’t tell anyone about me.  I was not going to come to you at all.  I was going to fix myself, but then Noah discovered me.  He’s promised not to tell anyone I’m a woman.  He said it was safe to come to you because you would not tell.  Please don’t tell.” Mary realized she was babbling, but she was near panic.  She looked to Noah for support, but he was still staring at the ground, determined to give Mary her privacy.
“My dear, you have nothing to worry about,” the doctor said kindly, carefully sidestepping her request.  He slid his cot to the middle of the tent and pulled up a chair next to it.  “Now, how about we get that piece of wagon out of your side?”
Mary nodded adamantly.  The doctor motioned for her to lie down.  She laid down on her right side so her injured left side was exposed for the doctor to work on.
“Like this?” she asked nervously.
“Yes, that will be fine,” he said calmly, taking his chair behind her.  Mary could hear the clinking of metal instruments as the doctor prepared to dig into her side.  “Now, my dear, why don’t you tell me your real name.  I’m going to assume that it is not Mark,” he said calmly.
“Mary,” she whispered hoarsely.  She knew the doctor was trying to distract her, but it wasn’t working.  She tensed her body, waiting for him to start tugging on the shard of wood.  
“Noah,” Doctor Hamilton said lightly, “why don’t you pull up a chair and talk to Mary while I work.” Noah had been standing in the corner with his eyes lowered.  
“Yes, sir,” he said, a small look of terror coming over his face.
“Here, dear,” Doctor Hamilton said softly, handing her a folded blanket.  “Perhaps you should cover yourself.”
“Thank you,” she replied, bunching the blanket to her chest.  Noah pulled up a chair next to her head.  Mary turned her head in the pillow so she could see Noah’s face.  His pale blue eyes were soft with concern.  His forehead wrinkled.  Mary winced as the doctor poured alcohol onto her side, but smiled despite the pain when she saw Noah’s reaction to her.  “You’d think you were the one on the operating table.”  His face broke into a smile.
“You’re right.  I’m supposed to be distracting you.”
“You’re doing a terrible job,” she grimaced.  She heard the clinking of metal tools again.
“I’m sorry,” he said. He knit his brows, trying to think of the best way to distract her.  “If it’s not too much trouble to ask, I’m curious to know why you’re dressed as a man and serving as a soldier.”
“It’s a long story,” she whispered.
“It’s going to take a long time to fix you up,” he smirked.
She was hesitant at first, but eventually she told him everything.  Noah listened patiently as she described the agreements between her mother and her grandmother, the funeral of her brother, deceiving her grandmother for over ten years, and working as a footboy.  Ignoring the pain in her side was easy enough as she divulged her story.  She told him of her first experiences as a soldier and finally stopped when she realized further describing her life would include him.
“Brace yourself, Mary,” the doctor’s gentle voice interrupted.  “I’m going to pull.”  Without pulling his eyes away from hers, Noah slid his large hand into hers.  Mary grasped it tightly and clenched her jaw.  A hot searing pain ripped through her side.  She let out a small stifled moan and a few tears escaped her eyes.
“There,” the doctor said, satisfied.
“Aren’t you glad you didn’t have to do that yourself?” Noah teased gently as he wiped the wetness off her face with his free hand.
“Yes,” she admitted, letting out her held breath.  She gasped and held her breath again as the doctor splashed the hole in her side with alcohol once again.  Noah took her other hand as soon as she released it from its clenched fist.  Mary felt a new sensation in her tender side now and realized the doctor was stitching her up.
“So you’re pretending to be Mark at age nineteen?” Noah asked.
“Yes,” Mary said nodding.
“How old are you right now, Mary?”
“Seventeen,” she said softly.  She could tell he was trying to control the surprise in his face.  The doctor’s voice interrupted their hushed conversation.
“You’re all done, Mary,” he said, wiping alcohol across the cut one last time.  It only burned her side a little now.  “If you’ll sit up, I’ll bandage it and then you can be off.”  Noah freed her hands so she could push herself up.  She wished she could take his big warm hands again, but instead she held the blanket over her chest.
“Seventeen?” Noah whispered in amazement.  The doctor’s quick gentle hands wrapped fresh white bandages around Mary’s abdomen.  She realized that soon she’d be wrapped from her underarms down to her waist.  It would make breathing even more difficult.  
“Doctor Hamilton?” Mary asked.
“Yes, Mary?”
“You will not tell anyone about me, will you?”  The doctor let out a long sigh as he tied Mary’s bandages in place.  He got up and put the tools he had used to repair her side in a dish of alcohol.
“Doctor Hamilton?” she pressed.
“Mary,” he began, “I’ll see to it that you are exempt from any punishment . . .”
“No, Doctor, please!” she exclaimed.  She whipped around to face him and winced.  “You must understand . . .”
“I do understand, Mary,” he said.  “I heard your story, too.”
“Then surely you see why I cannot just suddenly become a woman again!”  The sense of assuredness she felt a moment ago was gone and she began to panic again.  Silently, Noah took her hand again and the panic eased slightly.  The doctor let out a long sigh and studied her with narrowed eyes.  He sat in thought for a moment that felt like an eternity to Mary.  When he finally spoke, it was soft and pained.
“I will keep your secret,” he replied hesitantly, “but only temporarily.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“I will keep your secret because it is not mine to tell, but you make me nervous, Mary.  You’re young, only seventeen.  I do not think you realize the danger you’re in.  You’ve been lucky in battle so far, but you know that there are much worse injuries you could receive,” he said, gesturing towards her ribs.
“I’m not afraid of getting hurt,” Mary replied, a little offended that he thought of her as weak after the bravery she’s exhibited.
“It’s not only battle wounds I’m worried about, Mary,” he was speaking more fiercely.  “Did you ever consider what might happen to you if your enemies captured you and discovered you were a woman?  If they were less than honorable men . . .” he trailed off.  Mary gasped a little.  She hadn’t thought of that.  Noah’s hand tightened protectively around hers as he grasped the doctor’s meaning.  She heard his teeth grit as he clenched his jaw.
“But yes,” the doctor started again, after he had given her a moment to contemplate what he said, “I will keep your secret, until either you are hurt again . . .”
“But, Doctor . . .” He held up his hand, and she stopped.
“If you get hurt and I have to treat you on the field, I’m not going out of my way to hide who you are.  They’ll be none of this waiting ‘til night to help you, especially if your injuries are serious.”  Mary knew the doctor was right, and she was feeling more relaxed again as Noah rubbed his thumb along the back of her hand.
“Very well,” she sighed.  “What was the other reason?”
“You said you were from London?” he asked.
“Yes, but my mother’s living in Bristol right now.”
“My other request is this.  The next time we return to England, you must go home to your mother.”
“But . . .”
“If you do not, I will let the captain know you are a woman.  I am sure he will not allow for a woman to serve in his battalion.”  Mary sighed.  She knew Doctor Hamilton was being more than fair.  “Do we have an agreement?”
“Yes,” she answered softly.  “Thank you, sir.”
“Good,” he said, satisfied.  “Now, wait here a moment.  I’m going to see if I can find you a fresh shirt and get you some new strips of linen to umm . . . bind yourself.”
“Oh,” Mary said, blushing. “Thank you.”  She clutched the blanket tightly to her chest with one arm.  The doctor exited through the tent flap, but quickly poked his head back in.
“One other thing,” he said suspiciously.
“Yes?” Mary asked.
“Noah?” he said, narrowing his eyes.
“Yes, sir?”
“I am assuming you will continue to share a tent with the young lady.  Will I be able to trust you?” he accused, looking pointedly at their hands, hers still in his.
“Yes, sir,” he exclaimed, blushing.  He dropped her hand and slid back in his chair, putting as much space between them as he could.
“Mmm,” he grumbled, convinced of Noah’s sincerity, at least for the time being.  He stepped back out into the darkness.
Mary took a deep breath.  She suddenly felt very light.  She wondered if the bandages were wrapped too tightly, making her dizzy.  She realized she wasn’t dizzy, only relieved, as if a weight had been lifted off of her conscience.
She looked up into Noah’s content face and suddenly she was crying.  At first just a few tears leaked from the corners of her eyes as she tried to control herself, but it was no use.  Big wet salty tears streaked down her face.  She hugged the blanket in her arms and tried to muffle her sobs with it.
“Mary!” Noah exclaimed, confused by her outburst.  “Are you all right?”  Mary bobbed her head up and down, but didn’t bother trying to speak.  “Does it hurt?  Do you want me to get Doctor Hamilton?” he asked, his eyes wide with worry as he tried to examine her side.  Mary shook her head, and before she knew what was happening Noah was on the cot next to her and she was wrapped gently inside his strong arms.  He rocked her back and forth.
“Mary, everything is going to be fine,” he reassured her.  “I’ll keep you safe.”
“I’m not afraid!” she choked out.
“Then what’s wrong?” he asked, brushing the hair off of her wet face.
“I don’t know,” she admitted, sniffling.  “I think I’m . . . relieved,” she said, laughing at herself as the tears continued to slip down her cheeks.
“Relieved?” Noah asked, even more confused.
“Yes, except that’s not the right word for it,” she muttered into his shoulder.
“What do you mean, Mary?” He stopped rocking.  Mary wiped her eyes and tried to steady her breathing.
“Besides my mother, you’re the first person to know who I really am.  I’ve been Mark to everyone I’ve met for the past thirteen years,” she explained.
“So you’re relieved?” he asked, not ready to let go of her.
“More than relieved,” she whispered.  “Even if it’s only around you, I don’t have to hide anymore.”  Her voice broke as she finished her sentence.  Noah beamed and hugged her tightly.
“Silly girl,” he muttered.  She buried her head in his shirt and let herself sob and be comforted.

Mary wasn’t ready to leave, but she could feel herself waking up.  Something in her subconscious was pulling her out of her favorite dream, even though she fought to stay.  She squeezed her eyes against the daylight that suddenly flooded the dark comfort behind her eyelids.  She heard one of the voices from her dream calling her name.  Doctor Hamilton touched her forehead, feeling for her temperature.  Mary’s eyes flew open.  She remembered why she had to wake up.
“Noah!” she breathed.  She sat up.  She was in one of the rooms of her inn but not her room.  “Where’s Noah?” she asked, turning to the doctor who sat next to her bed.  She didn’t feel feverish anymore.  She felt fine.  She threw the covers aside and started to get up.  Doctor Hamilton’s hands were on her shoulders restraining her.
“Stay in bed, Mary,” he instructed her.  “No sense straining yourself.  You’re making a good recovery.”
“Where’s Noah?” she asked again, interrupting him.  He didn’t answer right away.  He looked tired, his face tense.  Mary felt her stomach drop and her skin crawl with cold.  She was suddenly filled with dread.  “No!” she gasped.  
“Mary, Typhus is an extremely unforgiving disease.  I did as much as I could . . . I’m sorry,” Doctor Hamilton whispered.  He watched with gentle eyes as Mary sank back into the pillows.  Her eyes were blank with disbelief.  Her body was numb with shock.  She heard herself ask the doctor a question in a hoarse whisper.  It wasn’t until she heard his answer that she realized what she had asked.
“When?”
“Friday night,” he answered.  “What is the last thing you remember?” he prodded gently.  
“Falling . . . in the hallway,” she whispered.  “You had bled . . .”  She gasped, remembering something else.  “Liza!” she exclaimed, turning her blank face back to the doctor.  He let out a sigh.
“Liza passed Thursday morning,” he said.  Mary stared at the foot of her bed, letting the doctor’s words sink in.  She knew she had heard him correctly, but she hoped that perhaps she was still dreaming.  The ache in her stomach was too real for her to be dreaming.
“What’s today?” she whispered.  The words dropped lifelessly from her lips.
“Sunday,” he answered.
“I’ve been sleeping five days,” Mary muttered, counting time in her head.  She was beginning to wish that reality would set in.  She wanted to cry, but she was still too numb to feel anything.  It was as if the life had left her.  He was her life.
“Mary,” Doctor Hamilton said, putting his hand on her shoulder.  The numbness was gone.  The only man she wanted comforting her no longer could.  She longed for the arms that had held her in her dreams, but knew they never again would.  She heard a muffled moan that grew into a cry of pain, and then realized the noise was her.  She shrugged off the doctor’s hand and buried herself in the covers of the bed.
She wished that she would have died from the fever like her husband.  She blocked out all the sunlight, pulling the covers over her face.  The tears raced down her face and she screamed into her pillow.  With the numb gone all she could feel was wave after wave of excruciating pain. She was certain it wasn’t the disease but heartbreak.  This pain tortured from inside her chest, twisting and burning, like it was trying to get out.  Nothing made sense.  Only minutes passed, but it felt like hours.  She felt disconnected, like she was drowning or suffocating.  She wanted to die.  At the moment dying sounded easier than living with loss.
Mary couldn’t remember ever feeling so hopeless.  The closest she had experienced was when she returned with Noah to Bristol.  She had called at her mother’s house, dressed as a boy for the last time, only to discover that her mother wasn’t there.  The new tenant apologized and told Mary that the previous tenant had passed away.  Mrs. Read had died the winter before.  Mary never learned of what.  The loss of her mother was, at that point, the most pain Mary had ever experienced, but grieving is easier when a loved one is there to soften the blow.  Noah had taken care of her.  
Mary cried until it was dark outside.  She wanted to keep crying, but it was as if her body had run out of tears.  All she could feel was emptiness as she stared mindlessly out the window.  When she allowed herself to think the pain returned, so she didn’t think.  She stared out at the starry sky all night long and fell asleep shortly before dawn.


Chapter 7

Anne drummed her fingers anxiously on the rough wood of the unfamiliar dressing table as she stared at the tiny clock occupying it.  Ginny had left an hour and twenty-three minutes ago, and Anne was beginning to wonder how long it took her to do a job.  Below her feet, Anne could hear the obnoxious cursing and laughter of drunken men at the pub.  Their noise had gotten quieter as the hours wore on.  Anne knew it was getting late, even for the town drunks and lonely sailors.
She focused her eyes so she could read the clock again, 12:54.  She tried not to think about the time or where she was.  Thinking at all was dangerous.  If she thought, she would realize that what she was doing was completely absurd.  Instead she turned her face to the mirror propped up against the wall.  In the dim candlelight, she could see that her face was still pink from her walk in the sun two days ago.  Purplish marks darkened the skin underneath her tired eyes.  Wisps of dark hair that had escaped her sloppy braid curled around her face.  
Suddenly she thought of something she still needed to do.  She rummaged through the drawers of Ginny’s dressing table until she found what she was looking for.  She took the pair of sharp scissors in her hand and pulled her braid over her shoulder.  She hesitated, flicking the scissors open and shut absentmindedly.  She began to question her carefully conceived plan.  She stroked the long dark braid, twisting the end of it with the fingers of her left hand.  She snorted.  Maybe her father was right.  She was acting very spoiled, conceited even.  
Before she could change her mind, she brought the scissors to her shoulder and sank the blades into her smooth dark hair.  She had to work the scissors open and shut several times to detach the braid from her head.  Her chopped hair fell loose around her face.  The braid fell into her lap, coiling on top of itself.  It reminded Anne of a dead snake.  She mashed her lips together in case she needed to suppress a cry as she turned herself to face the mirror.  
Her hair hung limp and uneven at her shoulders, the right side a good inch longer than the left.  She let out a long sigh and ran her fingers through it.  It was so light.  She shook her head back and forth and was surprised at the liberation she felt.  It wasn’t the first time today she had felt as though a burden had been lifted. She unclenched her jaw, certain she wasn’t going to cry.  
Reluctantly, she picked up the scissors again.  She didn’t want to make it worse.  Deciding that she couldn’t make it worse than it already was, she carefully snipped at the hair on the right side of her face.  Short strands of hair darkened the top of the dressing table as Anne worked to even out her hair.  She ran her fingers through it again, trying to find the uneven strands.  
Footsteps echoed softly in the hallway.  Anne turned to face the door and tried to think of an excuse in case someone other than Ginny came into the room.  The latch on the door clicked softly and the door swung in, creaking on its hinges.  A wide hipped girl crept inside and gently closed the door behind her.  She held a bundle of clothes in her arm and a canvas haversack was slung over one of her shoulders.
“What have you done to your hair?” Ginny exclaimed with disgust, her voice no louder than a whisper.
“What have you done to your hair?” Anne whispered back smugly.  Ginny’s sandy hair billowed around her face in tangled disarray.  She threw Anne a nasty look, but Anne didn’t seem to notice.  She lifted the braid out of her lap and laid it on the dressing table.  She crossed the room and took the clothing out of Ginny’s arms.  She began stripping away her own garments, once again ignoring the voice in her head reminding her of the foolishness of her plan.
“What did you go and cut your hair for?” Ginny asked again.
“I need to look the part,” Anne explained impatiently as her petticoat fell to the floor with a soft whooshing sound.  
“Aw, Anne, you didn’t have to cut it,” Ginny moaned.  She picked up Anne’s disregarded braid. “It was so pretty.  Lots of boys have long hair.”
“Not as long as mine,” Anne muttered, pulling the dirty pair of pants up around her waist.  “Besides, it’s more convenient this way.”  She fumbled with the buttons of the trousers.  She hadn’t lined the holes up correctly.  “What took you so long anyway?” she asked, unbuttoning and starting over.
“I had to wait for him to fall asleep,” Ginny said.
“Oh,” Anne mumbled, a little surprised.  She hadn’t thought of that.  “Do you usually do that . . . wait for them to fall asleep?”
“No,” Ginny scoffed.  “We’re not an inn.  They leave when they’re done.  I had to get a lot of rum in him first.”
“I see,” Anne whispered, suddenly feeling very guilty for what she had asked Ginny to do.
Anne and Ginny had known each other since they were little girls.  Ginny was the closest thing to a friend Anne had ever had.  Most of the girls they had grown up with were afraid of Anne and her temper.  Most of them still were, but Ginny had always been a brave girl.  She and Anne had bonded over their love for trouble.  Their parents soon discovered that it was best to keep the girls’ friendship from developing.  They were much more destructive when they were together.  When Ginny was fifteen she got pregnant. She refused to admit who the father was, but when the baby was delivered it was dark skinned, nothing like Ginny’s fair complexion.  It died at birth.  Josiah, a handsome slave owned by Ginny’s father, was beaten within inches of his life and shortly thereafter sold.  Ginny’s parents disowned her, and The Lucky Dame Pub had been her home for the past two years.
Anne turned her back to Ginny and pulled her chemise over her head.
“Are you sure you want to do this, Anne?” Ginny asked.  
“Yes,” Anne whispered fiercely, slipping on the baggy cotton shirt.
“I don’t think you realize how much danger you are getting yourself into.”  She glanced down at the floor as another eruption of laughter came from the pub below.
“It cannot be any more dangerous than the life you’re living.”
“And I would not wish this life on anyone,” she whispered, a distant look in her eyes.  Anne sighed.  She realized she would have to unbutton the pants again to tuck the shirt in.
“Well, I’m choosing this life,” she replied.  “No one is choosing it for me.  If I stay here my life will be chosen for me.  I will not stay here and have my father force me to marry that dreadful Mr. Whitney.”  
“Mr. Whitney cannot be that dreadful,” Ginny pressed.
“It does not matter if it is Mr. Whitney or any other man.  Either way I get passed from the ownership of my father to the ownership of my husband.”  She sighed, imagining the direction her life would take if she were to stay in Charles Town and marry the young lawyer.  Ginny watched Anne’s face and decided not to argue further.  She knew she couldn’t blame Anne for trying.  It wasn’t like Ginny had never acted out of desperation.  “And I’ve already cut my hair,” Anne said smiling.
“Hmmm, yes, about that,” Ginny said, picking up the scissors.  “Would you like me to fix it for you?”
“I already trimmed it,” Anne answered defensively.  “Is it that bad?”
“Yes, it is,” Ginny giggled, “sit down.”  Anne obeyed.
“I’m going to wear it tied back anyway,” Anne protested.  Ginny snipped at her hair as Anne watched in the mirror.
“Yes, and you should wear his hat, too,” Ginny suggested.  “You have a very pretty face and it would help cover it.”  She opened a drawer of the dressing table and pulled out a leather cord.  “There,” she said, tying Anne’s hair into a short ponytail.
“Do I look like a man?” she asked studying her face in the mirror. 
“More like a boy,” Ginny replied, “a handsome boy.”  Anne wrinkled her brow.
“But will they be able to tell I’m a girl?”  Ginny retrieved the hat from the pile of remaining clothing on the floor.  She placed it on Anne’s head and studied her reflection.
“No,” she said after a moment’s hesitation.  “They wouldn’t suspect you were a girl unless the idea was already in their heads.  I don’t think anyone would look close enough to tell.”  Anne nodded.  Her heart pounded irregularly as reality began to set in.  “What are you going to do about your bosom?” Ginny asked raising her eyebrows.  Anne stared down at her chest, only covered by the thin cotton shirt. She walked across the room and picked the remaining articles of clothing up off the floor.  She slipped the vest on and buttoned it.  She pulled her arms through the sleeves of the short jacket.
“Can you see them?” she asked.  Ginny tilted her head to the side and examined Anne.
“Not really,” she replied.  “Like I said before, if they aren’t looking for them they won’t see them.”  Anne tried to catch a glimpse of her full reflection in the small mirror on the dressing table.  Anne felt uncomfortable in the naval uniform.  She wasn’t used to having fabric between her legs or the range of motion the trousers allowed.  She felt less confined in men’s clothing.  The comfort of them made her uncomfortable.
“It’s a bit big,” Ginny said, tugging at the shoulders of the jacket, trying to make it fit better.
“It will do,” Anne said, looking down at herself.  “Whose are these?” she asked.  
“Skinny little red haired kid,” Ginny giggled.  “He looked like he was only maybe eighteen or nineteen, not very big for a sailor.  I tried to find one whose clothes I thought might fit you.”  Anne opened the haversack and began examining its contents.  She pulled out a Bible, some handkerchiefs, a few letters, a fold of leather with needles and thread, an empty flask, and another fold of leather holding a meek allowance of money. 
“Do you know what his name was?”
“The men at the pub called him Georgie,” Ginny replied.
“Did he mention his last name?” Anne asked, flipping through the few sheets of paper.
“Berg, or something like that.”
“And you’re sure he’s from The King’s Fortitude?”
“Yes, I made sure of that.  He was sitting with the other sailors and he mentioned The King’s Fortitude once.”  Anne nodded, satisfied.  “He also mentioned your Captain Rackham,” Ginny added.
“He’s not my captain,” Anne retorted.  
“Then why are you doing this?” 
Anne sighed. “I don’t know why.  I can’t explain it.  All I know is that I can’t stay here and . . .” Anne’s voice was barely a whisper.  “I want to know what else is out there.  It’s not about Captain Rackham . . . perhaps a little.  I do not know why, but I know I have to go.”
Ginny watched Anne with a compassionate look on her face.  She had never heard Anne sound so unsure, and it scared her a little.  She couldn’t understand what Anne meant, but she could see her determination.  
“So how are you going to do this?” Ginny asked softly.  Anne had made her choice.  Ginny knew she couldn’t sway her. 
“I’m going in his place,” Anne answered.  This was the part of the plan she hadn’t quite figured out.  “The ship sails tomorrow morning.  I’ll be on it and he’ll still be here.  Can you make sure he does not leave the tavern until the ship has left?”
“He’ll sleep until noon tomorrow,” Ginny said with a mischievous smile.  Anne picked up Georgie Berg’s worn black boots.  She slipped her foot into it.  It was much too big.  “But I still don’t see how you’re going to get onboard, and I’m sure the crew will notice when one of their members has disappeared and a new sailor is in his place.  Don’t they keep a log of who’s onboard?  Are you planning on trying to pass yourself off as Georgie Berg?  They will notice that, Anne.  You’ll ruin your disguise!” Ginny was talking faster and louder.  Anne shushed her.
“Ginny!” she hissed.  “I don’t know!  I am going to make it up as I go!”
“That’s it?” Ginny exclaimed.  “You don’t have a plan?”
“Be quiet, Ginny!” Anne whispered fiercely.  She tugged at the laces of her boots and started to tie them.  “I don’t know exactly what I’m going to do, but I’m not going to pretend to be Georgie Berg, or whatever his name is, and I’m not planning on letting the crew notice he’s gone until after we’re a good ways out to sea.”  Ginny’s face went white and her eyes were wide with fear.
“Oh, Anne, don’t do this,” Ginny begged, her voice trembling.  “It’s so dangerous.  What if the crew is angry when they find out you’re a stowaway?  They’ll punish you!”
“Ginny, I’ve made my decision,” she whispered.  She stood up and put her hands on Ginny’s shaking shoulders.  “You have done your part.  I do not expect you to do anything else.  But please, do not try and stop me or send anyone after me.”  Ginny looked up at Anne with wide pleading eyes.  Anne was afraid, but it only made her determination stronger.  Ginny nodded her head in defeat.  Anne released a sigh of relief.  Her heart still beat heavily against her rib cage.  
“Is there another way out besides through the tavern?” she asked.
“Yes,” Ginny whispered.  She strode across the room and opened the door.  Anne placed Georgie’s items back into his haversack and hung it across her chest.  “Go to the end of the hallway and down the staircase.  It will take you to the back door.  Be quiet in case the cook is still in the kitchen.”  Her voice was soft and gruff.  Anne squared her shoulders and opened her mouth to thank her, but before she could utter a syllable Ginny had thrown her arms around Anne in a hug.
“Be careful, Anne,” she sobbed.  Anne was taken aback.  She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been hugged.  It felt nice.  She wrapped her arms around Ginny’s shuddering frame and squeezed her as tightly as she could.
“I will,” she promised.  Anne blinked a few times to fight the threatening tears.  “I will,” she whispered again.  “Thank you, Ginny,” Anne said, breaking away from the hug.  Ginny sniffled a little and then a smile broke across her face.
“No,” she giggled, pulling out a small drawstring bag and jingling it.  “Thank you for sharing his purse with me.  It’s a lot more than I’m usually paid.”
“You’re welcome.  It’s the least I could do,” Anne smiled.  She stepped quietly out into the hall.  “Good bye, Ginny, and thank you, again.”
“Good luck, Anne,” Ginny whispered.  Anne tipped her hat, to practice behaving like a man.  She could hear Ginny’s soft giggle behind her as she made her way to the hallway and down the back staircase.
Anne crept out into the cloudy dark night and treaded as quietly as she could in her oversized boots through the streets of Charles Town.  The only sound she could hear was the lapping of water in the harbor.  She went towards it.

Anne awoke abruptly.  She felt herself being forced to roll over and the next second she was face down on hard rough wood planks.  She grunted.  She was fully conscious, but she couldn’t figure out how she had ended up on the deck.  
“What do you think you’re doing in my hammock, boy?” a voice growled.
“Sorry, sir,” Anne managed to gasp.  The fall had knocked the breath out of her.  
“Are you?” he grumbled.  He grabbed the shoulder of Anne’s jacket and pulled her torso up off the ground so he could glare in her face.  Anne flinched for a second, thinking he might hit her.  His bulbous nose was only a few inches from hers.  He reeked of rum and his thick lips were curled into a snarl of disgust.
“Yes, sir.  I didn’t know it was yours,” she apologized.  She was surprised she could speak at all.  She was scared stiff.
“Ha,” the leather skinned man scoffed.  “You didn’t know.”  He let go of the back of her jacket and her face smashed into the deck for a second time.  Once again she was breathless.
“Oh, Pete, give the lad a break.  He must be new,” a lighter, rolling voice shouted from behind Anne’s attacker.  Annoyed, sleepy voices barked for quiet.  Other sailors lounged in hammocks, trying to sleep
“Humph,” Pete grunted. “Get your own hammock.”  He yanked Anne’s haversack off the peg holding up his hammock and dropped it on the ground next to her head.  The beams of the ship creaked as the grumpy sailor climbed into the sail he had made into a hammock.  Anne scrambled to her feet.  She didn’t want to be under him if the canvas ripped.  
“Don’t mind him, lad,” the other sailor assured her.  “He’s just mad ’cause he had too much to drink and then worked the middle watch.”  Anne nodded and straightened her uniform.  She wasn’t sure if the fall or the constant rocking of the ship was causing her head to spin.  The planks beneath her feet looked as though they were moving.  The sailor seemed to notice her discomfort.  
“You ain’t got your sea legs?  You new aboard?”  He was short.  Anne was slightly taller than him, but his shoulders were almost twice as wide as hers.  His head was covered in a mop of curly dark hair.  He looked a few years older than Anne.  He too smelled of rum, but not as strong as the other sailor. 
“Yes,” Anne muttered, staggering as she bent down to pick up her haversack.
“What’s your name, lad?” he asked.  Anne hesitated a moment.  In all her planning she hadn’t thought to come up with a male alias for herself.
“Aaron . . . Pierce,” she replied, spitting out the first names that came to her head.  Aaron was the little slave boy that fetched wood for the house.  The Pierce family had lived next to Ginny’s family.  Anne was impressed with her own quick thinking.
“Daniel O’Riley,” he said, clasping her hand in his and shaking her arm up and down.  “But the crew calls me Danny.”  Anne nodded, but didn’t speak.  She didn’t want to talk too much, afraid that she would say something out of character or worse yet, that her voice would reveal her gender.
“This here’s Pete Bellows,” he said, bunching the shoulder of the burly man who had flipped Anne out of his hammock.  He looked impossibly big for the tiny canvas hammock.  His shoulders hunched as he squeezed in between the folds.  His dark leathery skin crinkled at the back of his neck.  Anne hadn’t gotten a good look at him despite the fact that they had been nose to nose not a minute ago.  He looked about twice Anne’s age, but she had a hard time guessing because he was so sea worn.
“He’s not usually that hot headed,” Danny explained.  “He’s been drinking.  Ain’t that right Pete?”  He smacked the half sleeping sailor’s shoulder again.
“Goddammit, Danny, you don’t shut that hole in your face, I’m gonna shut it for you!” he growled. 
“All right, all right,” Danny muttered.  “Come on, Aaron.  We’ll find you a hammock.”  Anne followed him between two rows of hammocks strung between vertical beams.  They came to a pile of disregarded sails stashed in a corner.  Danny started sorting through them.
“Err, Danny, what time is it?” Anne asked hesitantly.
“Morning watch,” he replied, holding up a sail that was fairly clean compared to the others in the pile.  He caught a glimpse of the confused look on Anne’s face.
“You’ve never been aboard a ship before?” he asked.
“Nope,” Anne tried to answer casually.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, suddenly suspicious.  “You a stowaway?”  
“No,” Anne lied.  She was.  She had snuck onboard while the sailor on watch slept and then hid in the sleeping cabin.  She hadn’t meant to fall asleep, but she had been up all night.
“What are you doing here?” he asked again.  His eyes narrowed.  Anne’s heart thumped wildly in her chest.  She racked her mind for a plausible response.
“George Berg sent me in his place,” Anne hedged.
“Georgie?” Danny asked.  He still looked suspicious.
“I met him in the tavern last night,” Anne continued carefully.  “He had a goodly amount to drink and we got to talking.”  Danny furrowed his brow, as Anne fumbled to cultivate a story.
“You see, I’m running away from home, and George overhead me talking to another man at the bar.  He told me he had had enough of the sailor’s life and wasn’t coming back to The King’s Fortitude.  He gave me his uniform and begged me to go in his place.  He even paid me.”  Anne stumbled through her lie.  She hadn’t had time to premeditate a story.  She had only had a vague idea of her excuse.  Sweat beaded up on her forehead as she prayed the story sounded believable.
“Makes sense,” Danny said, shaking his head.
“It does?” Anne exclaimed in disbelief.  “I mean . . .”
“Georgie was pressed a few months ago,” Danny explained.
“Pressed?” Anne asked.
“Impressment? Press ganged?” he answered.  Anne shook her head in confusion.
“Usually it’s the navy’s the one that does it.  Kidnaps a lad off the street when they need to fill a crew.  We didn’t exactly kidnap Georgie.  We was just short a few hands too many and were looking to take on a few more.  Georgie happened to be in the bar that night and we may have got him good and liquored so’s he wasn’t in his right mind when he agreed to join.  Not pressing exactly, but I can understand him deserting.  Here he was shaping up to be as good a sailor as the next sea dog . . .” he trailed off.  Anne could scarcely believe her ears.  Had Ginny known Georgie’s history when she picked him out for her scheme?
“And you wanted to come aboard,” Danny asked skeptically.
“Aye,” Anne nodded.
“And you’ve never sailed before?”  His face was clouded with doubt and disappointment.
Reluctantly Anne shook her head.
“Have you signed with Edwards yet?” Danny asked.
“What does that mean?” Anne asked.  Everything the sailor said seemed to be in another language.
“Have you signed aboard with the quarter master?” he asked.
“Errr . . . no,” she mumbled.  “Didn’t know I had to.”
“A new sailor has to sign aboard.”  He looked puzzled.  “How did you get aboard?”
“I walked up the gang plank?”  Anne answered bashfully, trying to think of another way she might get aboard a ship.  Danny chuckled to himself.
“I suppose the watchman saw you in uniform and assumed you were a member of the crew,” he laughed.  Anne gave him a half-hearted smile.  “We’d better go see Mr. Edwards and get things squared away,” he said.
“Is that necessary?” Anne tried to ask casually. 
“Don’t worry, Aaron,” he replied, scampering up the narrow wooden steps to the deck above.  Anne followed as quickly as she could.  “Edwards is gruff, but he’s not as bad as Pete.”  Anne forced a small laugh and followed him down a cramped, dimly lit wooden passage.  Danny prattled on about the quarter master and pointed out parts of the ship on their way to the deck.  Anne tried to remember the places he had mentioned and the terms he used.  He was quick on his feet and Anne had to take long fast strides to catch up with him, but eventually fell into step next to him.  The passage was barely wide enough for them to be shoulder to shoulder.  
Danny was in the middle of explaining that on a ship a ‘cannon’ is called a ‘gun’ and ‘cannon balls’ are called ‘shot,’ when they turned a corner in the passage and Anne was slammed against the deck for the third time that day.  It was as if she had run into a wall.
“Watch where you’re going,” a menacing voice warned her.  Anne stared up dumbly at the tall, dark haired sailor.
“Oye, James, give the lad a break.  He’s new,” Danny piped.  The sailor was almost two heads taller than Danny.  
“Sorry,” Anne squeaked.  The sailor named James shook his head, snorting.  He stepped between her legs as he continued down the passage. 
“He’s the one you’ve got to look out for,” Danny muttered as he watched James disappear down the passage.  Anne staggered to her feet.  It was going to take her a while to get used to the rocking.  “He’s worse than Pete and Edwards put together.  Count yourself lucky,” Danny added grimly.  Anne gulped.
She followed him up another narrow ladder.  The sky in the east was just beginning to turn pink.  Everything was still blurred by a gray haze.  Anne squinted.  Through the fog she could see they were still docked in the harbor.  Anne’s heart picked up speed.  If for some reason things didn’t go well with the quarter master, she might find herself on shore already.  Her first encounters aboard The King’s Fortitude were causing her to question herself, but she definitely wasn’t ready to go back to her father’s plantation.
Danny led her across the bleached deck.  He murmured “G’morning” to the sailors he passed.  He stopped and rapped at the tiny pane of glass in a cabin door.  The roof of the cabin was the deck above it.  
“Edwards’s cabin,” Danny said, nodding towards the door as part of his hasty tour.  They waited at the door for a moment.  Glancing around, Anne took notice of the other sailors on deck.  Danny looked to be about the smallest of them all.  Her uniform didn’t seem so big after all.  She also noticed that she seemed to be the only one in full uniform.  The other sailors wore eclectic variations of the uniform.  Some wore the uniform white cotton shirt with different loose trousers.  Others only wore the coat, with their own pants and shirts.  Some wore only the white pants.  Anne quickly averted her eyes from their naked chests.  Almost all were barefooted.  Anne glanced down at her clothes, thinking she should discard some of them to blend in better.  She decided the boots would be the first to go. 
Muffled voices came from behind her.  She turned and gasped.  Two men were approaching her.  One was older and sun beaten, like Pete.  He was the only one, aside from her, who was in full uniform.  The other man was Captain Rackham.  Anne lowered her head, but peered out from under the brim of her hat.  He had his hands clasped behind his back and nodded as the other man talked at him.  Captain Rackham was out of uniform, too.  He wore dark trousers and a blue calico vest over a clean white shirt.  His shiny black boots came up to his knees.  
Anne tried to listen to their conversation as they came nearer.  She heard the words ‘pounds’ and ‘hold’ and assumed they were talking about cargo.  She caught their last few full sentences.
“We’ll be ready to go with the next tide,” the older sailor said.
“Are all the crew accounted for?” The captain’s smooth voice tickled Anne’s ears.
“A few still missing,” he replied.
“Make sure they get aboard,” the captain said.
“Aye, Captain.”  
“Thank you, Edwards.” Captain Rackham clapped his hand to the man’s shoulder and then was across the deck and in his cabin in a few quick strides.  He was as graceful on deck as he was on dry land.  Anne cleared her throat, hoping it would clear her head.
“What can I do for you, Danny?” the man named Edwards asked, noticing Anne.
“Aaron, here, needs to be signed,” he explained.
“You want to join?” Edwards asked, raising his eyebrows.
“Aye, sir,” Anne nodded.
“Sorry son we’re about to set sail.  I don’t have the time to sign any new crew members right now,” he muttered.  The quarter master stepped around them and opened his cabin door.
“But we’re one member short,” Danny persisted, following Edwards into the cabin.  Anne followed Danny relieved and grateful that he was arguing her case for her.  
“Who?” Edwards asked.
“George Berg, sir.”
“What happened to George?” the quarter master asked, confused.  Danny nodded at her, prompting her to talk.  Anne sucked in a nervous breath and stepped forward.  She retold Edwards the story she had fed Danny, trying to sound nonchalant.  
Edwards sat down at his desk, grunting a little.  
“Is that so?” he muttered.  
“Yes, sir,” Anne replied.  Edwards seemed a bit annoyed, but he had definitely bought it.  He pulled a large leather book out of his desk and flipped it open.
“Have you ever sailed before, Aaron?” Edwards asked, scribbling something in the book.
“No, sir,” Anne answered.  He let out a sigh.  He was now obviously annoyed.
“Very well,” he muttered, “Seeing as we have no one to take Mr. Berg’s spot, you will have to do.”  He turned the book towards her.  “Sign your name next to the ‘x,’ Mr. Pierce.”
Anne took the quill out of the ink on the desk and scribbled down her new fake name.
“Mr. O’Riley,” the quarter master barked.
“Yes, sir?”
“I’m putting him on your watch.  Make sure he knows what he’s doing.”
“Yes, sir,” Danny replied.
“Show him about the ship, teach him how to climb the rigging.  He’s small.  He’ll do well up there.”  Edwards examined Anne for a moment.  “But first get him a hammock so he can get some sleep.  You looked tired, son.”
“Yes,” she murmured. “Thank you, sir.”  Her hammock was much less comfortable than the down mattresses she had slept on all her life, but she hardly noticed.  She fell asleep quickly and awoke four hours later to the ringing of the ship’s bell.  When she stumbled after Danny to the open deck the sun was high in the sky.  She could barely make out the coast of South Carolina in the west.

Her first week aboard The King’s Fortitude was the hardest of Anne’s life.  By the second day her legs no longer felt like jelly beneath her torso.  On the third day she abandoned half her uniform in order to make doing chores easier.  By the fourth day her bare feet had calloused, and the raw skin on her palms was also beginning to harden.  Her back and shoulders constantly ached from hauling on lines.  
On the fifth day Danny taught her to climb in the rigging.  Once her feet were safely on the deck, she looked up into the sails.  When the realization of how high she had been hit her, she ran to the side and vomited her breakfast of porridge, hardtack, and grog into the ocean. By the sixth day she was used to the odd pattern of the watch schedule and could keep her eyes open through her shift.  On the seventh day she was discovered and thought her voyage on The King’s Fortitude was over.
Anne was in the galley after her evening shift getting dinner.  Her stomach had quickly adapted to the limited food options on board a ship.  As she brought her watery stew over to a table where Danny and Pete sat, the ship lurched dipping into the trough of a particularly high wave.  Anne stumbled forward, sloshing her hot stew onto the lap of a man sitting nearby.
“Shit,” she muttered.  She began to make a gruff apology, but stopped abruptly.  She recognized the sailor whose hand was swinging towards her face.
“Stupid boy!” James shouted as he brought the back of his hand across her face, knocking her on her back.  Anne could hear shouts of protests from the other sailors.  Fighting of any sort was forbidden on The King’s Fortitude.  Her face burned, not from the hit, but from anger and embarrassment.  She recognized the feeling.  It was the same way she felt when her father yelled at her.  Knowing that made her all the more angry.  James was walking out of the galley.  Anne knew she shouldn’t retaliate to stay out of trouble, but the other sailors continued jeering at him.  Anne’s now empty wooden soup bowl lay at her feet.  Her anger erupted.  Without thinking, she picked up the bowl and flung it across the galley.  It made a deadened thunk sound as it hit James in the back of the head.
James held his head and whirled around.  His eyes narrowed on Anne.  He knocked Danny out of his way as he lunged across the room towards her.  She was still on the deck of the galley and didn’t even have time to scramble to her feet.  Before she realized what was happening, James had her pressed against a wall, holding the front of her uniform.  Her feet dangled two feet off the ground.  Her head spun, dizzy from being flung across the room.
“What were you thinking, boy?” he growled through clenched teeth.  Anne couldn’t think to speak.  Breathing was hard enough.  His cold eyes bore into hers, which she was sure were wide with fear.  The other sailors were out of their seats, but no one seemed to be coming to her rescue.  Danny was still lying on the deck from his previous attempt.
“I could send you to the surgeon so fast, you wouldn’t know what hit you!” he sneered.  He held her tighter to the wall, and Anne thought she saw him falter for a moment as a look of confusion flickered across his face.  She glanced down for a second.  His forearms were pressed against her chest.  His eyes followed hers.  
Suddenly he gasped, releasing his grip.  Anne fell into a heap on the floor.  Her breathing became very heavy.  He knew.  Hundreds of thoughts flooded her mind.  She wanted to get up and run, but her body wouldn’t respond.  James stared down at her.  His eyes were wide with shock and yet still angry.  He glanced over his shoulder at the other sailors.  He turned back to Anne.  Grabbing her wrist he yanked her to her feet.  He pulled her to the door.  The other sailors once again yelled in protest, but no one stopped him.  Danny still lay on the floor, shaking his head to try and clear it.  
James slammed the door of the galley behind them as he dragged her through the passage ways to the deck.  
“Who are you?” he demanded.
“Where are you taking me?” she stuttered back.  She had to run to keep up with his long strides.  She knew resisting was no use.  His hand was like an iron shackle around her wrist.
“To the captain,” he snapped.  Anne’s heart skipped a beat.  She hadn’t really thought about how she would tell Captain Rackham who she was.  She had planned on revealing herself to him eventually, but not this soon.  Not when he could still turn around and bring her back to her father.
“How did you get aboard?” James demanded, still dragging her along.  “Was it Danny?  Are you his whore?”
“No,” Anne replied, slightly amused despite her fear.  “I came aboard on my own.”  
“Why?” James asked.  Anne stopped.  Her mouth hung open.  She didn’t know what to say.  James grunted and pulled her along again.  He yanked her up a narrow set of steps and onto the deck.  The sun was beginning to set.  It was covered by thick dark clouds that rolled across the sky.  Thunder rumbled in the distance.
Dread washed over Anne as she was towed closer and closer to the captain’s cabin.  Her legs felt like lead.  They seemed to protest as she was pulled along.
“James, please,” she managed to squeak as he stopped in front of the cabin door and knocked.  He threw her a cold glare, but released her wrist.  Anne’s heart raced as she heard footsteps on the opposite side of the door.  She ducked her head to hide behind the brim of her hat.  The door creaked open.
“What can I do for you, Mr. Bonny?” the familiar voice asked.
“Ahh, I’ve found a stowaway, Captain,” James replied in a low voice.  Anne could feel Captain Rackham’s eyes on her.  She kept her head dipped, determined to keep herself secret for as long as possible.
“Have you?” Captain Rackham sounded amused.
“Yes, sir.”
“You should have brought him to Mr. Edwards,” the captain replied.
“That’s the issue, sir . . .  He’s not a ‘him,’” James mumbled.  Captain Rackham raised his eyebrows in confusion.
“It’s a woman, Captain,” he whispered.  Anne risked a quick glance up and caught the look of shock on the captain’s face.  He glanced around at the crew on deck who were watching the scene out of ear’s shot.
“Back to work men!” he barked. The small crowd dispersed.  The captain held the cabin door open.  James grabbed Anne’s wrist again and towed her inside.  He had to duck to enter through the doorframe.  Anne’s heart fought so hard against her ribs she thought they might break.
“Who are you?” Captain Rackham demanded as he shut the cabin door behind her, “and what are you doing aboard my ship?”  
Anne took a deep breath and removed her hat.
“Good day, Captain,” she muttered, turning her chin up and looking him in the face for the first time since their walk in the garden.
“Miss Cormac?” he gasped, his mouth dropping open.  “What are you doing here?”  Anne dropped her eyes away from his.  She didn’t know what to say.
“I . . .” she started.  “Well, after you came to visit, I thought a lot about our walk in the garden.  I thought about our conversation, the poem, and . . .” she trailed off.  She glanced nervously at Captain Rackham, who glanced nervously at James.
“Anne, you stowed away on my ship because I read you a poem?” he asked in disbelief.  He brought his hand to his forehead and began to pace.
“No, it’s not like that,” she protested.  She desperately wanted him to understand, but how could she make him understand when she wasn’t completely sure herself.  “I couldn’t stay on my father’s plantation.  I couldn’t bear my life anymore.  I was not going to sit around and wait for my father to force me to marry!”  She realized how foolish she must sound.  She caught a glimpse of James’ face, but he no longer looked angry or smug.  Something in his face had softened.  The captain’s eyes were still wide with shock.
“You ran away because you were bored!” he exclaimed.  “Do you realize what a dangerous thing you’re doing?”
“I’m not in danger,” she argued.  “The only times I’ve been in danger were when members of your crew attacked me!”  She gestured towards James, who smirked at her as he leaned against the wall of the cabin and crossed his arms.  He seemed to be finding the whole argument rather funny.
“A ship is no place for a young lady!” The captain was straining to keep his voice down.  “Who else aboard knows you’re a woman?”
“Only him,” Anne spat as she glared at James.  
“Good!” Captain Rackham huffed.  “Can you imagine how the men would react if they knew there was a woman aboard.  You certainly would not be safe then.”
“What do you mean?” Anne asked.  James snorted.
“You cannot be so naïve to think that no one would try to take advantage of you if they knew you were a woman,” the captain sneered.  “Not to mention their superstitions.”
“Superstitions?” Anne asked.  The captain had turned his back and was looking out the cabin windows at the men on deck.  Anne turned to James. 
“Many sailors think having a woman on board makes the sea angry,” he explained.  A small smile played at his lips.  “Others believe the sea is calm if there is a naked woman on board.”  
“Enough,” Captain Rackham interrupted.  Anne narrowed her eyes at James, in a disgusted glare.
The captain cursed under his breath.  “Anne, do you realize the position you have put me in?”  Anne shook her head.
“It is against British naval law for a woman to be aboard a warship sailing under the crown.  If you’re discovered on board, I am liable to be punished.  I’ll be stripped of my rank and lose my letter of marque.  I’ve known captains who have hung for lesser crimes!  Damn it, Anne!” he shouted.  He stormed across the room, throwing his desk chair out of his way.  Anne was taken aback by his behavior.  He was nothing like the gentleman she had met less than two weeks ago.
“I’m so sorry,” she managed to whisper.  The captain let out a short, cruel laugh.  “You can take me back to Charles Town.  I will not tell anyone . . .” He cut her off.
“Turn back!” he exclaimed.  “Anne, we’re due back in England in five weeks and we have a six weeks’ journey ahead of us.  If we were to turn back, the crew would want to know why.”
“So what would you like me to do?” she asked.  Her stomach turned in guilt.
“What will you do?” he scoffed.  “What you have been doing.  You will remain a member of this crew.  Who does the crew think you are?”
“Aaron Pierce,” she replied, setting her face as the captain’s words sunk in.
“Then as far as the crew is concerned, you’re Aaron Pierce.  You will continue to participate in the watch.  No one besides Mr. Bonny and myself must know.  Do you understand, Anne?”
“Yes . . . Captain,” she replied.  She couldn’t bring herself to look him in the eyes.
“Good,” he sighed.  He turned toward James.  “Mr. Bonny, can I trust you to keep Miss Cormac’s identity a secret?”
“Aye, Captain,” he nodded.  
“Thank you.”  He strode across the cabin and opened the door for them.  James made his way towards the door and Anne followed him.  As she passed him, Captain Rackham stopped her.
“I am truly sorry about this,” he said, as if he were lecturing a child.
“No need to apologize,” she replied tonelessly, staring down, refusing to make eye contact.  “On the contrary, I’m sorry to have inconvenienced you.”  She shrugged his hand off her shoulder and strode out onto the deck.  The cabin door creaked slowly shut behind her.
Dark storm clouds lay thick and low in the sky.  A few fat drops of rain splattered on the deck.  In the back of her mind, Anne wondered what a storm at sea would be like.  The front of her mind was clouded with a storm of its own.  Her thoughts and emotions seemed to be everywhere, blurring together.  The evening didn’t quite seem real.  She walked aimlessly away from Captain Rackham’s cabin.
She heard a soft thud on the deck behind her.  She glanced over her shoulder.  James was standing there.  He had jumped down from the rigging.  Anne kept walking.
“An . . . err Aaron,” he called.
“What do you want?” Anne asked impatiently, half turning towards him.  He studied her carefully, not saying anything for a moment.
“I wanted to apologize,” he said stiffly.  “I would have never hit you if I had known you were a woman.  My mother raised me better than that.”
Anne doubted that, but she nodded to acknowledge the apology.
“Also, perhaps you should . . . umm do something about your ahhh . . .” He fumbled over his words, but he patted his chest and Anne caught his meaning.
“Oh,” she muttered.  “Thanks.  I will.”  Instinctively she crossed her arms.  James nodded curtly then disappeared.  He climbed back into the rigging before Anne could turn around.  She watched him climb higher and higher towards the dark sky.  His movements were quick and agile as he helped the other sailors tie up the sails for the oncoming storm.  Anne wondered why he was bothering to help.  He had been on the same watch as her and was done for the night.  She sighed and climbed down into the hold.
Anne pawed through the pile of canvas sails in the corner of the sleeping cabin, until she found a relatively clean one.  She slipped a small knife out of the sheath in her pocket, another one of Georgie Berg’s possessions.  She cut a long narrow strip off the sail.
“Aaron,” Danny exclaimed as he came down the steps.  “You’re alive!  What happened?”
“Nothing,” she replied, not turning away from her work.
“What’d Bonny do?” Pete asked in his gruff voice as he climbed down the steps after Danny.
“He took me to Captain Rackham,” Anne answered.  She thought it best to stick to as close to the truth as possible.
“What for?” Danny piped.
“I think he was trying to scare me,” Anne began lying.  “Captain yelled at me a bit then struck me.”  She tried to sound nonchalant.
“That sounds like Rackham,” Pete muttered as he stretched out in his hammock.
“Count yourself lucky James didn’t get after you,” Danny said solemnly.  “He would’ve made a mess of you.”
Anne threw a quick glance over her shoulder to make sure no one was watching her.  She bunched up the strips of canvas and stuffed them in her pocket.
“Thank you, by the way . . . for trying to stop him,” Anne said as she turned around to leave.  “You all right?”
“Of course,” he snorted, as if it were nothing.  Pete chuckled from his hammock.  Anne started climbing up the steps.
“Where you going?” Danny asked.
“To get some supper,” she said over her shoulder.  She slipped up through the hatch and made her way down the narrow passage.  Despite the fact that she hadn’t had a chance to eat her stew, she had no appetite.  She passed the galley.
At the end of the passage was a narrow ladder down into the cargo hold.  She held onto the ladder and peered into the darkness, an ideal hiding spot.  The crew rarely had reason to visit there.  Glancing over her shoulder, she removed a lantern from a hook on the wall.  She crept down into the dank hole and found a sheltered corner to undress in.  She was grateful to be able to remove her crusty shirt.  She hadn’t witnessed any members of the crew wash their clothing yet.  She wasn’t sure how to go about doing it.  She had never had to do laundry at home.  
She hesitated for a moment, thinking about her father’s plantation.  Captain Rackham’s words were still fresh in her mind.  They wouldn’t be turning back.  She suddenly felt very homesick.  She shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts.
She fumbled with the strips of fabric for a while, struggling to get everything to stay where she wanted it.  Once she was tightly bound up she slipped her shirt back over her head.  She realized she would no longer have to wear her vest to hide her chest.  It was more difficult to breath now, but not nearly as bad as wearing a corset.  She shrugged her shoulders and twisted her torso to see if it would limit any movements.  She took a few deep breaths.  She could manage.  It was better than risking another member of the crew discovering her womanly parts.  
She sat down on the deck, leaning against a tall barrel.  She had to take a few moments to sort things out in her head.  The space in the hull of the ship provided a private quiet place for her to think.  She let out a restricted breath through her nose.  She hadn’t planned for this sort of situation.  She hadn’t really planned for any situation.  The only thing she had planned to do was eventually reveal herself to Captain Rackham.  She hadn’t thought past that moment.
Anne suddenly felt very foolish.  Her entire plan had been centered around him.  In the back of her mind she had pictured him being delighted when she finally came to him, but the captain had been cold and indifferent towards her.  He didn’t care for her at all.  Her face and neck burned with embarrassment.  She felt so childish.  Her shoulders shook and tears began rolling down her sunburned cheeks.  She was angry, hurt, and ashamed.  Anne felt rejection for the first time in her young life.  She had always been the one rejecting.  
A fresh wave of sobs came over her when she realized she didn’t want to be a sailor anymore.  She had endured her chores, the ship’s food, the rats, and the odorous sleeping cabin with the hope that she would soon be living more luxuriously and in the captain’s company.  She wasn’t prepared to live as a sailor.  The discussion from the night Captain Rackham had joined her family for dinner came back to her.  Both her father and the captain had agreed that a life at sea wasn’t something a young lady should be exposed to.  
Anne’s mind began to run wild as she imagined the horrors she might encounter on The King’s Fortitude.  She shivered remembering the captain’s words and grim tone, “privateer or pirate, they suffer the same fate when captured.”  She was frightened.  She regretted coming aboard, but now it was too late.  She buried her face in her hands and sobbed.  
Suddenly the ship began to pitch and rock in the choppy waves of the storm.  Anne was glad she hadn’t eaten supper.  Seasickness still plagued her on occasion.  Even hidden away in the hold, she could hear the clanging of the ship’s bell.  Aside from announcing the start of a new watch, the sounding of the bell meant all hands on deck.  It had been one of the first things Danny taught her.
Anne unwillingly got to her feet and made her way to the hatch.  She hesitated on the steps.  She considered staying in the hold until the storm passed.  She sniffed and wiped her nose on her sleeve.  She knew she couldn’t hide away until they reached land.  She took a deep breath, and climbed up.


Chapter 8

Mary rolled over on her damp pillow.  Before she could remember that he was no longer there, she reached for Noah.  She let out a shaky breath, but wouldn’t let herself cry.  Waking up was the hardest part of her day.  Sleep came as a relief.  After her mind had settled enough and her eyes fell shut, she could forget her grief.  
Mary forced her eyelids open.  The pale light of the dawn came in through her bedroom window.  She rubbed her puffy red eyes.  She was tired of crying herself to sleep.  She pulled herself out of bed, dressed quietly, and quickly made the bed.  The bedroom door softly clicked shut behind her as she made her way down to the kitchen where she started a fire in the hearth.  Liza’s mattress no longer occupied the space next to it.
How different life at The Three Horseshoes was without Noah and Liza.  The inn had been so lively with them in it.  Liza would skip about doing her chores, while Noah bustled through the rooms carrying firewood or talking with the guests.  Mary had especially liked the mood of the mornings.  The house seemed to awaken along with the people in it.  Running the inn by herself was difficult.  She had twice as much work to do as before, but she needed it that way.  Moving her hands helped keep her head preoccupied.
The first thing Mary used to do when she came to the kitchen in the morning was wake Liza up.  One night, shortly after settling into their new home, Noah had found Liza sleeping on their back step.  The eleven year old girl, skin and bones at the time, had run away from the orphanage and was barely surviving on the streets.  Neither Noah nor Mary had the heart to turn her away.  She quickly became a member of the family.  
Liza had been somewhere in between the sister and daughter Mary had never had.  Mary now came down to an empty kitchen in the mornings.  She missed how Liza would hum as they made breakfast together.  Now the only noise was the crackling of the fire in the kitchen hearth.  Mary prepared breakfast in the lonely silence.
She carried a stack of dishes into the dining room and set them on the table.  She pushed open the faded drapes.  Sunlight spilled in, flooding the small space.  She stared out the window for a few moments.  The blade of Noah’s axe was still embedded in the stump where he used to chop wood.  Mary hadn’t touched it yet.  A small pile of wood still remained outside the kitchen door, but Mary knew she would have to chop some soon.  She was perfectly capable of splitting logs, but she couldn’t bring herself to move the axe.  He had been the last one to touch it, and she wanted to keep it that way.
She sighed and turned back to the dining room table.  She set five places, one for each of the guests staying at The Three Horseshoes.  A family of four had checked in a week ago, a couple and their two grown daughters.  Mary’s only other boarder was a young gentleman who had come to town on business three weeks ago.  He had been her first guest since her illness.
Mary went to the kitchen and got the dishes for another place setting.  She set them at the head of the table.  She would have to start eating with her guests again eventually.  It wouldn’t be good for business if she remained impersonal.  Lately, she prepared the table and left before the guests came down, leaving them to eat on their own.  She could hear footsteps on the staircase.  Mary hurried between the kitchen and the dining room, carrying dishes of hot food to the table.  The guests settled around the table, and Mary took her place at the head.
“Good morning,” Mary chimed, forcing herself to smile.
“Good morning,” Mrs. Arnold, the mother of the family of four, replied in an equally cheery tone.  The rest of the guests gave her a polite smile.  Her efforts at joviality were quite fake.  She sat and the guests followed her lead.  They sat in uncomfortable silence for a few moments, passing around the dishes of breakfast food.  Mary knew they were waiting for her to start the conversation.
“Mrs. Arnold,” she began hesitantly, “Have you and your girls been enjoying the shopping here in London?”
“Indeed,” she bubbled.  “There are hardly enough hours in the day to visit all the shops.  Wouldn’t you agree girls?”
“Oh yes,” the eldest daughter exclaimed, “and then one visit is never enough.  On Tuesday we stopped at the milliner’s and each found a very pretty new bonnet.  We were extremely pleased with the selection, but wouldn’t you know, yesterday we passed the same milliner’s shop and already they had new items on display in the window!  We really must go back, Mama!”  Mary could tell the girl was being overly exuberant.  She wasn’t sure if she should be grateful or embarrassed by their gushing.
“No, Ella,” her younger sister whined.  “We have not yet been to a book store.  You do not need any more trimmings for your bonnet.”
“Nettie,” Ella replied, throwing her a sharp stare, “I am sure we will have time for both.”  The younger sister seemed to catch her sister’s meaning and decipher the stare.  She was instantly quiet.  Mary knew she wasn’t the only one acting.  She eagerly changed the subject.
“Mr. Cain?” she asked the young gentleman who sat at the foot of the table next to Ella, “I hope your visit has been pleasant so far.  It is certainly quite long.”
“Yes,” he replied lightly.  “It has been quite pleasant.  I do enjoy London.  The business matter I came to settle was taken care of days ago.  I’m staying now merely for my own pleasure.”  He threw a quick glance at Ella.  Mary thought she could make out a faint blush on the girl’s cheeks.  Ella’s parents didn’t seem to notice.  Mr. Arnold, who had been silenced by his breakfast so far, interrupted Mr. Cain.
“Mrs. Lawrence?” he asked, setting down the coffee pot.  “Do you have cream?”  Mrs. Arnold began to chastise her husband.
“Oh, yes, of course,” Mary exclaimed, standing quickly.  “I must have forgotten to set it, and it is no trouble at all Mrs. Arnold.  No need to scold Mr. Arnold.”  She quickly crossed the room.  “Excuse me for a moment.”
She fetched the small pitcher of cream from the kitchen and hurried back to the dining room.  As she came through the doorway, something caught her eye.  Mr. Cain and Ella had their hands entwined under the table.  She gasped and dropped the pitcher of cream.  It cracked, spilling its contents on the floor around her feet.
It wasn’t so much the act itself that shocked Mary, although she was fairly certain that Mr. and Mrs. Arnold were unaware of their daughter’s beau.  It was the familiar secrecy of holding hands under the table that caused Mary to drop the cream.  
A memory flashed through her mind.  Before the rest of the battalion knew Mary was a woman, she and Noah would hold hands under the table during meals.  They had kept her gender a secret for almost a year, being very careful to not arouse suspicion by their actions.  
Her battalion had been about a week’s walk from London when Mary remembered her promise to Doctor Hamilton.  She had been in the middle of breakfast when she realized that returning to London meant she would be leaving Noah.  Instinctively, she reached for his hand under the table. As he closed his big warm hand around hers, he pressed something hard and round into her palm.  Mary gasped and brought her hand above the table to see a small ring sparkling in her palm.  He had been thinking one step ahead of her.  Forgetting where she was, she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him in front of twenty wide eyed soldiers.  They were married a week later. 
Mary’s eyes had become foggy and distant.  She blinked to find her five guests staring at her with worry.  Mr. Cain and Ella had separated their hands.
“My word Mrs. Lawrence, are you all right?” Mrs. Arnold asked.
“Yes, I’m fine,” she murmured.  “I’m so sorry.  It must have slipped out of my hands.”  She stooped down to clean up the mess.  She hastily collected the pieces of the broken pitcher into her apron.  Mrs. Arnold gasped.
“Mrs. Lawrence, you’re bleeding!”
“Oh,” Mary breathed, looking down at her bloody palm.  She hadn’t even felt the porcelain cut into her skin.  Her mind was still playing over the day Noah proposed to her.  “I’m afraid I’m terribly clumsy today,” she muttered.  She finished gathering up the pieces and made her way towards the kitchen, again.
“Mrs. Lawrence, are you sure you’re quite all right?”  Mrs. Arnold called after her.
“Yes,” she answered over her shoulder.  She could hear the Arnold girls murmuring their concern.
In the kitchen, Mary removed her apron and dumped its milky, bloody contents into a big metal wash basin.  She swished her wounded hand in the lukewarm dish water, watching the swirls of red escape her palm.  With a clean dishtowel she dried and wrapped her hand.  
She went to the pantry to find another pitcher for cream.  A glimpse of her reflection in a large silver serving platter caused her to stop for a moment.  Her face was ghostly white.  Her usually pink cheeks and lips seemed to disappear into the rest of her face.  A glaze covered her droopy eyes.  They were distant, hollow, and red.  Mary realized that it was the first time since Noah died that she had seen herself in a mirror.  What she saw startled her.
Turning away from the reflection, she snatched up a pitcher and left the pantry.  She filled it with cream and hurried back to the dining room.  All the breakfasters, aside from Mr. Arnold were on their feet and headed towards the door on the other side of the room.  Mr. Arnold was half standing, still shoveling a helping of eggs into his mouth.  Mrs. Arnold was tugging him towards the door.
“Where are you going?” Mary asked, stopping in the doorway.  Her guests froze.  Aside from Mr. Arnold, they all had peculiar, concerned looks on their faces.  Mr. Arnold chewed.  Mr. Cain cleared his throat and interrupted the silence.
“I’m meeting a friend early this morning . . . must be going,” he fumbled.  He hurried out the door throwing a wary look at Ella.  Another uncomfortable silence fell upon the small dining room.  Mary placed the pitcher of cream on the table.
“I brought the cream,” she said meekly.
“Mrs. Lawrence,” Mrs. Arnold said softly, “We feel as if we are inconveniencing you.”
“No,” Mary protested.  “I was the clumsy one, and it’s no inconvenience at all.  You’ve only begun eating.”
“Mrs. Lawrence, I’m not referring to the cream,” Mrs. Arnold gently interrupted her.  “Your husband’s death and your illness have taken their toll on you.  I think perhaps you need more time to recover.  We plan to check out tomorrow afternoon.  Please do not go through anymore trouble on our behalf.”
“Oh no, Mrs. Arnold . . .” Mary argued weakly.  “You need not go.”
“My dear, we cannot expect you to take care of us, if you are not well yourself,” Mrs. Arnold replied.  She ushered her girls towards the door and pulled at her husband’s arm.  Mary made no more arguments.  She stood silently in the puddle of cream and watched them leave.
Mary knew what Mrs. Arnold said was true.  She thought of her own haunting reflection.  She was a shell, a ghost of a woman.  She no longer laughed or smiled, except for her unconvincing acting.  She went through the motions out of necessity.  She wasn’t living.  She was existing.  She stopped living when Noah died.
The sting in her palm brought her out of her stupor.  Her eyes rolled down to her feet.  The hem of her skirt was soaked in cream.  She couldn’t live like this.  It was time for her to start being Mary.  Mary was practical and resourceful.  Others had always relied on her, so she could certainly rely on herself to make it through whatever hardship she had to endure.  She resolved to stop crying herself to sleep at night.
With her newfound determination, she bent over and mopped up the mess on the dining room floor.  She cleared and washed the breakfast dishes at a feverish pace.  When she had finished tidying the kitchen, she went out into the yard to complete the chore she had been avoiding.  She yanked Noah’s axe out of the stump and began splitting the rough pile of logs into neat firewood.  
Sweat soon soaked through her dress.  The soft June breeze felt nice.  Her face would certainly no longer be white.  Mary’s pile of firewood had reached the sill of the window on the back porch, when she heard someone come into the yard behind her.  She stopped chopping and turned around.
“Doctor Hamilton?” she exclaimed.
“Good afternoon, Mary,” he replied solemnly.
“What can I do for you?” she asked with heavy breaths.  The doctor folded his arms across his chest and studied Mary for a moment.  
“While I was in town today, I met one of your boarders,” he started.  Mary nodded.  “I believe her name was Mrs. Arnold.”  He raised his eyebrows.
“Oh, I see,” Mary sighed.  She sunk the blade of the axe into the stump.  
“You promised you would come to me if you were having troubles,” the doctor scolded.
“I’m fine.  No troubles to speak of,” she answered nonchalantly.
“Mrs. Arnold doesn’t think so,” the doctor pressed.
“I suppose I was . . . caught off guard,” she muttered.  He knit his eyebrows.
“What do you mean . . . caught off guard?”
“Well, when I came into the dining room, I saw Ella Arnold and Mr. Cain holding hands under the table.”  She sighed.  “It reminded me of the day Noah asked me to marry him.”  Her voice cracked a little on the last word.
“So you dropped the cream?” he asked confused.
“No,” Mary replied, her voice recovered.  “Well yes, but I suppose I sort of . . . forgot where I was.”
“What do you mean?” Doctor Hamilton was becoming more alarmed by Mary’s explanation.
“They’re only memories,” she muttered.  “Something will remind me of Noah or Liza or my mother, and I’ll get lost in my thoughts.”  
Usually they were happy memories, so she hadn’t thought much of it.  When she walked through the front door of The Three Horseshoes she thought about the first time she crossed it, in Noah’s arms.  He had insisted on carrying her because when they had been married, in front of their battalion, he hadn’t had a threshold to carry her over.  The Three Horseshoes was their first and only home.  They had bought it with their combined soldiers’ wages.
She stooped down to pick up the clean split logs.  She brought them over to the house and stacked them on the pile.  The doctor followed her.  His forehead was still wrinkled with concern.
“How often does this happen?” he asked, leaning against the porch railing.
“I don’t know,” Mary scoffed, “a few times a day.”
“Do you always have accidents when these memories come to you?” he asked, nodding towards her bandaged hand.
“No,” Mary sighed, slightly annoyed.  “I . . .  don’t think about what I’m doing.”
“Why didn’t you tell me about this, Mary?” he asked gravely.
“Because it’s nothing of importance,” she retorted.  “They’re only memories.”
“Mary,” he said seriously.  “I don’t think these memories are a good thing.  They’re causing you pain.”
“My hand is fine,” she interrupted angrily.
“I do not mean your hand,” he replied in his calm tone.  “They are causing you to grieve when you don’t have to anymore.  You’re hurting yourself.  This constant remembering of the past will drive you mad.”  His eyes were soft with concern.  Mary sighed, staring down at the stack of firewood.  
The smell of smoke filled her nose.  She was sitting around a fire with a small group of soldiers from her battalion.  They had made camp and were relaxing after a long day of walking.  Noah winked at her from across the circle of men, the light of the fire illuminating his features.  Mary shook the memory away.
“I cannot help it,” she whispered.  “Everything is a reminder.  The inn has so many memories.  Noah and I built our life here.  Everything I see makes me think of him . . . or Liza.” She let out a sob and sunk to her knees, burying her face in her hands.  She should have known that her burst of optimism wouldn’t last long.  The doctor’s already wrinkled face creased with worry.  He knelt down across from Mary and gently took her shoulders.
“I wish you would have told me this, Mary.  I’m so sorry,” he apologized over her sobs.
“It’s not your fault,” she stuttered through sobs.  She took a few deep breaths, trying to calm herself.  “I’m being so silly,” she sniffed.  She wiped the tears off her face with the back of her hand.
Doctor Hamilton let out a sigh and stood up.  
“Mary, I’ve been thinking . . .” he began slowly.  “Will you be able to attend to the inn by yourself this winter?”
“I don’t see why not,” she replied quickly.  “I’m taking far fewer guests now.  Why wouldn’t I?”  
Doctor Hamilton paused to study her expression.  He had a hard time reading her face now. Her appearance had altered so much in the past month.  She stared up at him with a blank expression.  She had pulled her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them.  Doctor Hamilton suddenly felt as if he were peering down at a small child.  
“I have an older sister,” he began again.  “She lives in Plymouth, on the coast.”
Mary tilted her head to the side, puzzled.
“When my brother-in-law died, a few years back, my sister took in his niece to be her ward.  Her niece recently got married and now my sister lives alone.  I have already written her . . .” he trailed off.  
Mary’s forehead was wrinkled in confusion.  The doctor looked at her expectantly, and she suddenly understood him.
“No!” she shrieked, scrambling to her feet.  “You don’t think I can take care of myself, so you want to send me off to live with your fat old hag of a sister.  Brilliant!  Have the two pathetic mourning widows live together so they can keep each other company in their misery.  Well, you’re wrong, Doctor!  I can take care of myself and I will not be sent away to be some old lady’s only source of entertainment.”  She marched off the porch and into the yard, where she resumed her chore.  She was shocked, angry, and offended.  As she pried the axe out of the stump, she realized the severity of her words.
“Doctor Hamilton,” she said, sighing and turning around, “I’m sorry.  I don’t know what came over me . . .”
He stood on the porch with his arms crossed, leaning against the railing.  His eyes were full of compassion, like they had been the first time Mary met him.  She knew he only meant well and that she shouldn’t be offended.
“Mary,” he said softly, “you’re an exceptionally strong person.  More women should be like you.”  Mary sensed that she had already been forgiven.  “Perhaps more men should be like you as well,” he added, “but no one expects you to be strong all the time and as you said, it’s especially difficult when you are surrounded by so many memories.”
Mary sighed and nodded.  She knew Doctor Hamilton was right.  He stepped down off the porch and walked across the yard to her.
“Forgive me for being blunt, but it is unrealistic for you to think you will be able to run The Three Horseshoes all by yourself this winter.  And as a doctor, I think it unhealthy for you to stay at the inn or in London, at least for the time being.”
“I don’t know,” Mary whispered, staring absentmindedly at the logs she still had to chop.  “The Three Horseshoes is my home.”
“My sister isn’t nearly as fat or hag-like as you imagine her,” the doctor added hopefully.  “But of course you don’t have to live with her either, if you think of another option . . .” he trailed off.  “But I’m sure you would enjoy my sister’s company and she yours.”  
Somehow the conversation reminded her of one she had had with her mother years ago, when they had stood in the kitchen after her grandmother’s funeral.
“It’s a lot to think about,” Mary muttered.
“I know it is,” the doctor replied.  “I’ll give you some time to think.  When you’re ready let me know what you decide.”  
“Thank you, Doctor,” she said, and managed to give him a small smile.
“You’re welcome, Mary,” he replied and began strolling across the yard to leave, “And as always, if there is anything I can do to help, don’t hesitate to ask,” he added kindly.
“Of course,” she replied, lifting her axe to begin her chore again.
She didn’t know why, but talking to the doctor had made her feel better, lighter almost.  A shoot of hope had sprung up in the back of her mind.  Something had been set in motion, but she wasn’t sure what exactly.  She had ruled out living with Doctor Hamilton’s sister the moment he had suggested it, so that couldn’t have been it.  Something he said had awakened an idea inside of her.  Now her brain whirred trying to figure it out.  He had mentioned other options.  She had no living relatives, or friends for that matter, which didn’t leave many options.
His compliment resonated in her head, “You’re an exceptionally strong person.  More women should be like you.  Perhaps more men should be like you as well. ”
Mary laughed to herself.  The idea was preposterous, and it would never work.  She reminded herself that she didn’t want to leave London or The Three Horseshoes.  She would be fine and back to her old self after a few months.  Sullenly, she realized she didn’t know what her old self was without her loved ones.  Perhaps she would have to find a new self.  She liked the idea of that.

A few days later, Mary stared absentmindedly out the window of the coach.  There was nothing to see because the landscape was hidden behind a sheet of fog, but she could tell they were nearing the coast because the air was starting to feel damp.  The old man in the seat next to her began snoring, and Mary glanced over at the other passengers in the coach.  None of them seemed to notice.  They were either sleeping themselves or also gazing off absentmindedly.  
Aside from the shabbily dressed old man and herself, a middle aged gentleman, a young merchant, and his overweight wife were the only other passengers in the small coach.  They had started out their travels in polite conversation, but it had dwindled quickly.  The coach had been silent for the past few hours. The snoring became louder and more frequent.
A canvas sack sat in Mary’s lap.  She shifted uncomfortably, nervous and excited for what she was about to do.  Only a few days ago she had sold The Three Horseshoes, packed up her necessary belongings, and left London.  She was now only a few minutes ride from her new life.  Her stomach turned with anticipation.  
Of course, laced through these newfound shoots of exhilaration were stabs of guilt.  She knew that leaving London was the best thing for her, but she couldn’t help grieving over what she had left behind.  The graves of her only family, the inn she had established, and the one living friend who knew her secrets all remained in London.  She was having second thoughts about leaving it all behind. 
She also felt guilty for duping the doctor.  He had made the arrangements for her travel to Plymouth and had written to his sister to let her know Mary was coming.  However Mary’s plan did not include living with or even meeting Doctor Hamilton’s sister.  If she had shared her real plan with the doctor, he wouldn’t have let her out of his sight for the next three years.  
Through the fog Mary could tell the landscape was changing.  The straight vertical lines that she assumed were trees were thinning to reveal green pastures.  The coach was approaching her destination, the southern port of Plymouth.  Mary watched out the foggy window as the pastures and farmland gradually blended into the town.  The coach rumbled slowly through the busy streets, carrying its passengers towards the center of town.  It jerked to a halt.  The old man took in his last snore and then sat up and stretched.  The coach door flew open.  It was time for Mary to implement her plan.
“Everybody out!” the driver announced.  All the passengers collected their belongings and filed out of the carriage.  Mary didn’t wait for her other trunks and luggage to be unloaded from the top of the coach.  She slung her canvas sack over her shoulder and took off down the street.  
“Miss, your trunks!” she heard the driver shout behind her, but she didn’t turn around.  She took long brisk strides, turning corners often, trying to put as much space between herself and the carriage as possible in case the driver decided to follow her to return her things.  When she was sure he couldn’t find her, she ducked into the nearest alley.
In the space between the two buildings, Mary did her best to hide herself behind a stack of crates.  Taking one last nervous glance around, she began to remove her dress.  Instead of a normal chemise, under her dress she wore a plain men’s work shirt.  Underneath the work shirt she had already swaddled her chest.  She unfastened her shoes and let her petticoat slip to the ground.  She pulled breeches and a pair of Noah’s old work boots out of the canvas bag and quickly dressed in them.  
Her hair had grown long and she didn’t have anything besides a rough whittling knife with her, so cutting it was out of the question.  She pulled the pins out of her bun and let her blonde locks fall down passed her shoulders.  She rummaged through the canvas sack and pulled out a bit of string and a Monmouth cap made of brown wool, similar to ones she had seen sailors wear.  Running her fingers through her hair, she quickly wove it into a braid and tied it with the string.  She mashed the cap down onto her head and tucked the braid inside.
Finally she pulled a short, button down coat out of the sack and slipped her arms into it.  She stared down at her ensemble and evaluated it, reasoning that she could pass as a young sailor.  She wished she had a mirror to examine her face and hair but then remembered that Mark wouldn’t have cared.  She began to fall into character.  Throwing her shoulders back and lifting her chin, she left the alley and strode down the street.  Her dress, petticoat, and shoes remained behind, hidden in an old discarded crate.
Soon Mary found herself on one of the busier streets in town.  Inns and taverns lined both sides of the crowded cobblestone street.  The sky was beginning to darken.  Mary didn’t have a pocket watch, but she guessed it was about dinner time.  Her stomach agreed.  She shifted through the loud groups of people, looking for an establishment that would suit her needs.  She stopped outside a building and peered in through the windows.  A few men sat at a long bar, pewter mugs clutched in their hands.  Other men sat at roughhewn tables, talking loudly as they shoveled in their dinners.
Mary took a deep breath and pushed open the tavern door.  A bell rattled, announcing her entrance, and a few men glanced in her direction.  An older motherly woman sauntered between the tables collecting empty dishes and talking with the men.  She smiled up at Mary.  
“What can I get for you, lad?” she called.  Mary noted the bowls of stew at a nearby table.
“Bowl of stew and a pint?” she tried.  Her voice came out in the low smooth tenor she had spent years perfecting.
“Coming right up,” the woman replied and marched off to the kitchen.  Mary wandered over to the table of men the hostess had been talking to.  She casually sat down and listened to their conversation for a few minutes.  They all seemed to be tradesmen of some sort.  She quickly identified one as a blacksmith from his broad shoulders and blackened hands.  They had been discussing a dispute involving two of their neighbors and a horse, when the blacksmith turned to Mary.
“You aren’t from around Plymouth, are you, lad?” he asked gruffly.
“No, sir,” she answered.  “I have just come from London.  I’m Mark Read,” she introduced herself and extended her hand.  The blacksmith clapped her hand in his.  It was twice the size of hers.
“Lucas Mills,” he replied.  Mary was introduced to and shook hands with the three other men at the table.  
“Anyone happened to know who a lad should talk to if he were looking to find work aboard a ship?” she asked casually.  All the men snickered in amusement.  Mary glanced around at them nervously.
“You’re in Plymouth, Mark,” one of the men named Paul answered.  “Every other bloke on the street is looking for a crew to man his ship. A man’s got to be careful of the Navy’s press gangs.”
Mary wondered what a press gang was, but she didn’t want to appear naïve in asking.
“Where you looking to sail to?” Lucas asked, still chortling.
“I haven’t really thought about it,” she replied truthfully.  The hostess came back and placed a bowl of stew and a pint of ale in front of her.
“Here you are,” she sang.  Mary pulled a sixpence out of her pocket.  She glanced up at the hostess, who raised her eyebrow and looked pointedly at the coin.  Mary retrieved a second sixpence and handed both to the woman.
“Enjoy, son,” she cooed and turned to go mingle with other customers.  Mary began eating her stew.
“If you are looking for work as a sailor, Patterson’s tavern would be a good place to check,” Lucas continued.  “I met a captain there the other night.  He’s a merchant looking for crew members.  He’s traveling to the West Indies.”
“The West Indies?” Mary asked.
“All sorts of money to be made there,” Lucas explained gulping from his mug.  “Of course it’s a long dangerous trip, all the way across the Atlantic.”
“Do you think I could still find this fellow at Patterson’s tavern?”  Mary asked.
“Sure,” he shrugged.  “Patterson’s is a boarding house, too.  I think the bloke said he was going to be in town for a few more days.”  The blacksmith turned back to the other men at the table and joined their conversation.  Mary ate her hot stew quickly and finished off her pint.  She wanted to find the merchant tonight.  She stood up, slung her sack over her shoulder, and interrupted the men once more.
“How do I get to Patterson’s tavern?” she asked.  Lucas looked up from the conversation.
“It’s on Meyer Street, one block south,” he answered.  “Good luck,” he said extending his hand.  Mary shook it.
“Thanks,” she replied.  “Good evening.”  The other men nodded but continued their conversation.  Mary made her way through the bar and out into the damp night.
She filled her lungs with the cool salty air and paused for a moment to determine which direction was south.  She took long quick strides as she headed towards Meyer Street.  When she came to the corner she stopped and looked left and right.  To the left she could see a sign hanging adjacent to a building front.  It read “Patterson’s Inn.”  She made her way down the street.
She pushed open the heavy wooden door.  Patterson’s Inn was quickly filling up with men coming home from work.  Most of the stools at the long bar were occupied.  She wandered over to the bar and sat down.  The bartender finished serving a guest, wiped his hands on a rag, and hurried over to Mary.
“What can I get you?” he asked gruffly.  
“I’m looking for someone,” she answered.  The bartender rolled his eyes.  “I’ll have a pint,” Mary added, placing a sixpence on the counter.  The bartender smiled.  He reached under the counter and pulled out a mug.
“Who are you looking for?” he asked, filling it. 
“I heard there was a merchant staying here who is signing crew members.  He’s sailing to the West Indies.  Is he still here?”
The bartender set her drink on the counter and nodded towards a gentleman sitting further down the bar.  
“Captain Dillingham, he’s been here a few days.”
“Is he still in need of crew members?” Mary asked, examining the man.  He had dark weathered skin and thinning graying hair, obviously a seaman.  He conversed with another burly man, who also appeared to be a sailor.  
“I believe so,” he replied.  He slipped the coin into his pocket and left to attend to another customer.  Mary picked up her pint and moved further down the bar.
“Captain Dillingham?” she asked, interrupting the men’s conversation.  They turned around to face her, examining her with hard eyes.
“Something I can do for you?” the captain asked.
“I hear you are looking for crew members,” Mary answered casually.  The captain smirked.
“Why?  You looking for an adventure, boy?”  Mary knit her eyebrows together.
“I’m looking for work,” she replied, a bit offended he had referred to her as “boy.”  The captain chuckled.
“I am looking for a few more crew members.  Have you ever sailed before?” he asked.
“No.”  
“Like I said . . . looking for an adventure,” the captain laughed again, shaking his head.  
“Captain Dillingham,” Mary started, “I don’t need any more adventure.  I’ve spent two years as a soldier.”
“So why do you want to sail?” Captain Dillingham asked, raising his eyebrows.  Mary had to do some quick thinking, but she would keep her story simple.
“The war’s over,” Mary shrugged.  “There are no promotions when there’s no fighting.”
“So you’d like to try your hand at sailing,” the captain hedged.
“Err . . . yes, sir,” she replied.  She thought her story seemed logical.
“What do you go by, boy?”
“Mark Read,” she responded, extending her hand.
“Captain Norbert Dillingham,” he said, clapping her hand in his.  “I’ll sign you onboard, Mark, but if you are looking for adventure you won’t find it aboard The Redbird.  We’re a merchant ship, not a battleship.”  He gulped from his mug.  Mary didn’t need adventure.  She only needed to get away.  Hiding her excitement was surprisingly difficult.  The sailor beside him had been quiet through their conversation.
“This is Richard Thorpe,” Captain Dillingham said, gesturing towards the man with his mug.  “He’s my quarter master.”  Mr. Thorpe nodded and reached over to take Mary’s hand.  Like the blacksmith, his hand was twice the size of hers.
“The men call me Dick,” he grunted, his voice distinctly uninterested.  His face was leathery and covered in scars.  
“Mark,” Mary replied curtly.
“Get a good night’s rest, Mark,” the captain instructed, taking another drink.  “We leave tomorrow morning with the high tide.  Be at the loading docks at seven to help the crew with the cargo.  We’ll sign you in the ship’s log once we’re at sea.”
“Yes, sir,” Mary answered with a nod.
“It’s Captain.”
“Captain,” she corrected, taking a sip from her mug.  “See you tomorrow morning then,” she said, leaving the full pint on the bar.  She already had a pint in her from the last tavern and thought that was perhaps why she felt so anxious.  She left the sailors and went to see about getting a room for the night.
Mary lay awake for hours.  She was tired from days of traveling and she knew she would be up early the next morning, but she couldn’t seem to get her eyelids to close.  She felt giddy and childish.  When she finally cleared her mind enough to fall asleep, it was the first time in a long time that she hadn’t cried herself to sleep. 
The loading dock was packed the next morning.  Carts and wagons full of goods crowded the platforms.  Mary found The Redbird and its crew.  She was surprised to discover that a majority of the sailors were dark skinned.  She learned later that Captain Dillingham hired most of his crew from the West Indies.  He claimed they were harder working and made him seem more approachable when it came to trading in South America.  
Mary had never seen a native from the Americas before, so she was fascinated for a while.  She found it funny that they wore European clothes.  From the descriptions she had heard of them, she had always imagined them as half naked and savage, but most of them spoke fluent English and were accustomed to European ways.
Mary worked with the crew, rolling barrels and hauling crates up the gang plank.  Before they even left the port, she was familiar with the different places of the ship.  The Redbird was loaded and ready to sail when the high tide came at ten o’clock.  Mary watched as the crew hurried about, setting the rigging and raising the sails.  She helped with the easy task of raising the anchors.  The commotion stopped when they had successfully caught the wind and were speeding out to sea.  
Mary stood at the forecastle and watched as England became smaller and smaller.  The wind pulled strands of her hair out of her braid.  She was beginning to feel more like Mark every day.  Soon it would be like she had never been Mary.  Already, all the sadness she had carried for weeks felt as if it had been lifted off her shoulders.  She thought that maybe she could remember what happiness felt like or maybe it was the unexpected exhilaration of freedom.


Chapter 9

Anne staggered out of the hold. The ship’s bell clanged noisily from above.  Men who had been in the galley filed out into the passage and clambered up the steps to the deck.  Anne followed them.  She kept one hand against the wall to prevent herself from falling over.  She no longer felt sad or embarrassed.  Nerves were beginning to take over as she realized the gravity of the storm.  Her empty stomach twisted into knots. 
As she pulled herself through the hatch, she could hear Edwards shouting commands.  Crew members ran about the deck, hastily completing the tasks.  The rain was beginning to come down in big, heavy drops.  The ship pitched steeply as the waves picked it up and laid it back down.  Anne stumbled forward and fell.  She scrambled to her feet.  
Her eyes flew about, bewildered by the scene around her.  None of the other sailors seemed to have notice the ship’s dive.  She looked for Danny.  She thought she could see him at the top of the mainmast.
“Mr. Pierce,” Edwards bellowed, “Go tie up the mizzen mast.”  
“Aye, sir,” she replied automatically.  Her legs felt like jelly beneath her as she darted towards the quarterdeck.  She stumbled several times in a crooked path as she struggled towards the mizzen mast.  She stared up at the wild, flapping sails.  Rain drops spattered on her face as they fell more steadily.  A wave of terror rushed through her.  She could barely tie up a sail by herself on a sunny windless afternoon.  She didn’t know how she would do it in the middle of a storm.
Anne grabbed onto the rigging and began climbing, only focusing on one maneuver at a time.  The wind changed direction causing the rigging to quiver underneath her.  She stopped her ascent, waiting for the gusts to die down.  She glanced down at the deck below and then wished she hadn’t.  She gasped as the ship pitched and a wave splashed over the gunwale.  It caught a few men off guard and knocked them to the ground, washing them across the deck.
Anne focused on the ropes in front of her and continued climbing until she reached the main yard of the mizzen mast.  Moving very carefully, she used the mast as support as she threw one leg over the boom.  The sail hung down from it, whipping loose in the storm.  
With an arm and a leg on each side, Anne hugged the boom and groped for the sail, collecting the material into her arms.  It took her several tries to bunch it up.  The wind kept snatching it out of her arms.  She tied the gathered material to the boom, using a rope lanyard that fastened to a peg.  She inched her way towards the next peg and began the slow process again.  
The ship dipped sharply again and Anne was almost thrown into the air.  The wind was getting stronger and the rain beat down on her back.  She locked her feet together around the boom and continued until she came to the end of the sail.  One half was secure, but she still had the boom on other side of the mast to tie.  
She had to go back the way she came.  She clung to the boom, her head hanging over the edge.  The topsail flapped angrily above her.  She watched the men dart around like ants on the deck below.  It was a terrifying reminder of how high she was, and she had higher to climb.  Once she had finished tying up the mainsail, she had the topsail to do.  The thought made her dizzy, so she pushed it out of her head and concentrated on turning herself around.
When Danny had taught her to tie up sails, he had showed her how to turn around on the boom by throwing one leg over so both were on one side and then swinging the opposite leg over.  Anne wasn’t sure if she could do that in the middle of a thunderstorm, but she didn’t have much choice.  She took a deep breath, unlatched her arms from around the boom, and sat up.  
The wind and rain beat against her back.  They seemed to be trying to make her lose her balance.   She wanted to make the maneuver in one quick motion, giving herself less time to fall.  If she dangled with both legs on one side for too long she was sure she’d be blown off by the wind.  
She took a deep breath and swung her right leg over the boom but as she swung her left leg to bring it over the wind suddenly switched directions.  The top sail that hung loose above whipped towards her.  She ducked, but it caught her from behind and threw her off the boom.  She let out a scream.  Her heart stopped as she waited for impact with the icy waves or the mercilessly solid deck.  
Suddenly a pain in her ankle caused her to yelp.  She glanced around wildly.  All she could see was dark sky.  Her arms hung down passed her head, and she realized she was hanging upside down in mid-air.  She let gravity tilt her head back, and she risked a look at the deck below where the crew continued to toil against the storm.  
“Hallo!” she cried, but no one heard her over the roar of the wind and thunder.
She frantically groped around, trying to find a way to turn herself upright.  The blood rushed to her face and her head began to pound.  As she felt the blood circulation leave her foot, she could only guess that it had slipped through one of the lanyards that fastened the sails to the boom.  The ship rocked back and forth as Anne dangled from the mizzen mast, three of her four limbs hanging helplessly around her. 
The blood rushing to her head was almost unbearable, and a black fuzz was beginning to creep in around the edges of her vision.  Something wet and warm latched onto her entangled foot.  She gasped, once again experiencing the sensation of falling.  As she hung in mid-air, the warm wet hands still holding her ankle, she felt herself gently being raised and then lowered.
She straddled the boom, her face inches from the rough wood.  She was in exactly the same spot on the boom she had been before her fall, but this time she was facing the opposite direction.  Slowly she sat upright.  A pair of bare feet stood on the boom in front of her. 
“Are you all right?” a voice shouted over the roaring of the wind.  Anne lifted her head and stared dumbfounded up at the sailor.  James balanced easily on the beam, his feet one in front of the other, his knees slightly bent to absorb the sudden movements of the ship.  He didn’t seem to notice as the rain and wind whipped against his frame.
“Are you all right, Anne?” he demanded this time.  Anne nodded feebly.  
“I’ll tie off the topsail,” he shouted.  “Can you finish the rest of the mainsail?”  Anne nodded again, still disoriented.
“This time,” he instructed, “Slide out backside first so you do not have to turn around.”  Before Anne had time to respond, he dashed along the boom and shimmied up the mast to the topsail.
She took a few deep breaths as she waited for the blood to leave her head.  Relocking her legs and arms around the boom she began to inch her way back towards the mast.  Taking James’ advice, she used the mast to balance as she wrapped her legs around the other side of the boom and slid out, backside first.  
She completed the rest of her task as quickly as her nervous fumbling fingers would allow.  As she tied the last lanyard, the storm raged harder.  Rain came down in sheets and the wind whipped her wet hair across her face.  She was soaked through to the bone.  She shimmied back to the mast and climbed down the rigging, cautious of where she placed her hands and feet.  
She let out a breath of relief as she planted her feet on the deck.  Glancing around she realized she was one of the only ones still on deck.  One of the other remaining sailors hollered a warning as another wave crashed over the gunwale.  Anne twisted her arms through the rigging as a rush of icy water knocked her feet out from under her.  The cold shock sent her heart racing.  She scrambled to put her feet back on the deck as the ship recovered from the rocking.
A firm hand caught Anne above the elbow and helped her regain her balance.
“C’mon, lad,” Edwards shouted, tugging her out of the rigging. He cupped his free hand to his mouth.  “All hands below,” he bellowed into the wind.  The rest of the crew on deck dashed towards the main hatch.
Edwards kept a firm grip on her elbow as they both hurried towards the main hatch.
“Who’s going to sail the ship?” she shouted over the storm as they clambered down the steps to the lower deck.
“Captain’s going to let her drift through the storm,” he answered.
“Drift?” Anne exclaimed.  “Won’t she sink?” 
“No,” Edwards assured her.  “We’ll be a day or two off course, but in a storm like this it’s better to let a ship bob about than to risk the crew on deck.  Rackham knows what he’s doing.”
“Is all the crew below, Mr. Edwards?” a voice behind her asked.
“Aye, Captain,” he replied.  Anne turned around, but barely recognized the captain.  She had always seen him dressed in his finest.  Now he was barefooted, like the rest of the crew, and soaked through as if he had been thrown overboard.  Water leaked out of his hair and dribbled down his face.  His wet clothing clung to his skin.  Anne realized that her wet clothes would look the same, and quickly crossed her arms over her chest.
“Very good,” the Captain addressed the quarter master.  “I’ll close the hatch.  Go make sure the guns are secure.”
“Aye,” Edwards responded and ran off towards the gun deck.
The ship lurched again and Anne stumbled for her balance.  Captain Rackham finally seemed to notice her and surveyed her with a critical eye.
“Go dry off, Mr. Pierce,” he commanded as he climbed the steps and pulled the hatch shut.  Her cheeks flushed.
“Yes, Captain,” she replied quickly and dodged off towards the sleeping cabin.  She thought she could hear the captain laughing to himself.
Anne climbed down into the noisy, crowded sleeping cabin.  The crew was rarely all there at the same time.  The sailors spoke loudly, rowdy from the excitement of the storm.  Puddles covered the deck and wet clothing was draped everywhere.  Many men were toweling themselves with their blankets.  Anne kept her eyes down as she hurried to her hammock to find her blanket.  She wrapped the scratchy gray wool around her shoulders.  She hugged herself and let the blanket soak up the water from her clothes.
“Oye, Aaron!” someone called.  Anne was already accustomed to responding to her new name.  In the dim candle light she could make out Danny waving to her from across the cabin.  He was already playing cards with Pete and a few other sailors at a makeshift table in the corner.
“You survived!” he shouted over the noise of the crowded cabin.  “What did you think of your first storm?”
“Aye, lad,” Pete chimed in.  “How’d you like all that excitement?”  Anne tried to give a convincing smile, but the sailors saw right through it.  The men howled with laughter.
“It’s all right, lad,” an older sailor named Mr. Isenhart said clapping her on the shoulder.  “You’ll get used to it.”  Aside from James, Mr. Isenhart was the tallest man on the ship.  He was almost completely bald, but had a full beard streaked with gray.  Anne heard he had been a sailor for over thirty years, so when he said she’d get used to storms she believed him but wondered how many she’d have to endure before that happened.
Anne was about to flop into her hammock and try to sleep despite the noise, when she noticed James descending the steps.  He wove his way through the crowded cabin, leaving a trail of water behind him.  As inconspicuously as possible, she hurried over to James’ hammock where he was rummaging through his haversack.  She cleared her throat, and he lifted his head.
“I umm . . . wanted to thank you,” she began hesitantly.  He didn’t respond.  He only glared at her with his cold gray eyes and pulled a clean rolled up shirt out of the sack.
“For saving me,” she added.  A cruel smirk contorted his mouth.
“It was easier saving you than it would’ve been cleaning up the mess you’d have made on the deck if you fell.”  It took Anne a moment to decipher his ghastly remark.  
“I beg your pardon!” she exclaimed, louder than she intended.  She glanced around, but no one had noticed her outburst.
“Then again,” he continued, “perhaps it would have been better if you had been put out of your misery, broken your neck and been done with it.  It’s probably the least gruesome way to go on a ship like this.”  Anne’s eyes widened and then narrowed.  She was sure he was only trying to scare her.  “And quite frankly, the crew would manage fine without you,” he added.  She felt as if she had been slapped.
“Well, I can see why they don’t like you,” she retorted.  
“I don’t care what the crew thinks of me,” he sneered.  “I look out for myself, and I’m not here to make friends.”  He stripped off his wet shirt.  Anne dropped her eyes and blushed.  James snickered at her reaction.  He pulled his blanket out of his hammock and began drying himself.
“What?” he teased.  “You haven’t gotten used to all the bare chests yet?”
“I’ve adapted fine,” Anne snapped.  She turned to go, but James caught her arm.
“No, that’s just it,” he said, suddenly fierce again.  “You haven’t.”
“You’re hurting me!” she hissed, staring pointedly at his hand.  It wrapped neatly around her upper arm.  He dropped her arm and let out a heavy sigh.
“You’ve barely been aboard this ship one week.  This storm is only one of the hundreds of dangers you’re going to encounter.”  Anne folded her arms, narrowed her eyes, and set her jaw.  She wasn’t going to let him scare her, or at least not let him see that she was scared.  He continued.
“You do know what a privateer does?”
“Yes,” she replied smugly.  She was tired of being insulted and her temper began to flare.
“Have you ever fired a musket before?” he prodded.  Anne shifted her eyes, refusing to meet his critical gaze, but he only moved closer, forcing her to look him in the eye.
“No,” she answered tersely, her voice a little louder than necessary.  
“Have you ever used a cutlass?” he asked.  Anne turned up one corner of her mouth, making her stubborn pout a mischievous smirk.
“I stabbed my maid with a butter knife once,” she replied.  James raised his eyebrows and leaned back.
“Wonderful,” he replied coolly.  “Your first time in combat, we’ll give you a butter knife to defend yourself with and see how you fair.”  Anne flushed as her temper flared.
“I see no point in conversing further!” she scoffed as she turned to try and walk away again.  Once again James detained her.
“I’m sorry,” he chuckled.  Anne glared back defiantly and he sobered.  “I was only trying to help you see . . .” he stopped and started over.
“This is a merchant ship, but primarily a battle ship.  We encounter the worst sorts of men out here, Spanish pirates, who haven’t a second thought when it comes to morality or mercy.  They attack us as frequently as we attack them.”
“But we have yet to attack anyone or be attacked since I’ve been aboard,” she interrupted, adamant in keeping up a fearless front.
“We’re sailing for home with a hold full of cargo.  Rackham wants to keep it safe.  He’s avoiding conflict with other vessels . . . and his own crew members.”
“His own crew members?” Anne asked, raising an eyebrow.  A grim sort of smile spread across James’ face.  
“Yes.  In fact I’m surprised you haven’t witnessed a flogging yet.  Rackham believes in strict discipline.  He likes to remind the crew who’s captain.  The man has fear and respect confused.  A sailor would lay down his life for his captain if he respected him.  I do not know many members of this crew who would be willing to lay their life down for Captain Rackham.”
Anne glanced up at James.  His brow was wrinkled in thought.
“What?”  Anne asked.
“Nothing,” James muttered.  “I was thinking perhaps Rackham’s uncharacteristic mercy is due to the presence of a lady on board, but that’s impossible because he only found out about you today.  Or maybe he knew you were onboard all along and had to act surprised when I brought you to him this afternoon?”  He gave her a stern, inquisitive look.
“No,” Anne replied.
“What about Danny?” he asked, glancing across the room at the men playing cards.
“No!” Anne snapped, now offended.  “I’m no one’s whore!”
“So you came aboard The King’s Fortitude on your own accord, without a man to protect you?”
“Yes!” she retorted.  James sat back in his hammock, pondering her answer.
“I’m not sure whether to think you incredibly brave or incredibly stupid, or a little of both,” he laughed.
“Neither, just stubborn, and that’s the last time you’ll insult me!” Anne exclaimed.  Her temper overrode her better judgment and she lifted her hand to strike him.  He easily caught her wrist, stopping her hand in mid-air.  
“I’m sorry,” he apologized.  “I’ll stop.”  She tried to leave, but he kept a firm grip on her.  She tried to twist free, but her wrist may as well have been enclosed in the fist of a marble statue.
“Let go,” she hissed.  He ignored her request and studied her for a moment.
“Anne,” he said in a low voice, “I have a proposal for you.”
“No,” she answered curtly.
“Listen first,” he reasoned, “and if you don’t like the offer you can refuse, but it is in your best interest.”  Anne huffed and pursed her lips, but gave him her attention.
“How shall I put this,” he muttered.  “You have managed fine so far.  Danny has taught you what you need to know to get from day to day, but you’re unprepared for anything else that might come your way.”
Anne snorted.  He wrinkled his brow.
“You’re not invincible, Anne, no matter who you might have been before you came here.  You almost died today.  Surely that was enough to make you aware of the danger you’re in.”  She rolled her eyes, tired of being lectured.
“Do you want my help or not?”
“I’m listening,” Anne muttered.  Angry as she was, she was interested in hearing what he might propose.
“I’d be willing to teach you,” he said slowly.
“Teach me?” Anne scoffed.
“Like an apprentice, to do all the things Danny hasn’t taught you, how to load a musket, how to run on a boom, how to use a cutlass . . . or butter knife if you prefer.”
“I thought you only looked out for yourself?” Anne asked, glaring at him, and ignoring his remark about the butter knife.
“I do, but in this case I would feel guilty if something happened to you.  I already feel bad because I nearly beat you to a pulp this afternoon.”  His mouth curled up into a smile.  Anne wasn’t sure if he was smiling at the thought of beating her to a pulp or if he was remembering the look of shock on her face when she was discovered.  Either way, it was odd to see him in good humor, and she hated that he was entertained at her expense.
“And why couldn’t I have Danny teach me?” she asked.  “He does not mock me constantly.”
“Two reasons,” he replied.  “Aside from you and Georgie, if he were still here, Danny is the newest member of the crew.  He’s running out of things to teach you.  He hasn’t got nearly as much experience as me.  Danny also still believes you are Aaron Pierce.  A man would already know how to do most of the things I’m going to teach you . . . like how to throw a punch,” he said, letting go of her wrist.  He stood up and lowered his head so he could look her straight in the eye.  Anne noticed his eyes were wide and understanding, unlike the cold expression they usually wore.  He was being earnest with her.
“Do we have an agreement?” he asked.
Anne took a deep breath and tried to consider her situation.  She glanced around the cabin packed full of brawny sailors.  James was right.  Despite all she had learned so far, she was still inadequately suited to be a sailor.  She let the breath out through her nose.
“We have an agreement,” she replied.
“All right,” he said, lying back in his hammock, “We’ll start tomorrow.  Your first lesson will be how to fist fight.”
“Thank you, James,” she muttered reluctantly.
“Do not thank me yet.”
“What do you mean?”
“We have yet to discuss payment,” he replied.
“Payment?” she exclaimed.
“What?  You didn’t think I’d spend all my time teaching you and not get something out of the deal?”
“No, I suppose not,” Anne muttered, feeling like she had been toyed with.  She was getting frustrated with James.  She had begun to think that perhaps James’ gruffness was misunderstood by the crew, but now he seemed as heartless as ever.
“Let’s see,” he mused, “your father is a wealthy man.  You have access to money, don’t you?”
“For all I know my father has disowned me,” she answered bitterly.
“Oh,” he replied disappointedly.  “Well then I’ll settle for half your wages as a sailor.”
“Half!” she exclaimed.  “How about a fourth?”
“If you die during the voyage you won’t get paid anything,” he said grinning.  Anne narrowed her eyes and glared at him.  “A third,” he offered.
“Done,” Anne replied quickly.  She extended her hand.  He stood up and took her hand.
Something on the other side of the cabin caught his eye and he dropped her hand.
“Do you have dry clothes?” he asked in a low voice.
“No,” she replied, confused by his question.
“Here,” he said, throwing her his fresh shirt and glancing past her shoulder.
“You don’t . . .” Anne tried to refuse.
“Think nothing of it.  We’ll say it’s part of our agreement.  You should go change out of your wet clothes.”  Although he was talking to her, he barely looked at her.
Anne turned around to see what had his attention.  Captain Rackham was making his way towards them.  He was already dry and changed, and the sailors stood and saluted as he passed.
“Mr. Bonny,” he called, “may I have a word with you?”
“Of course, Captain,” James replied tonelessly.
“Alone,” the captain requested, looking pointedly at Anne.
“Aye, Captain,” she replied.  She lowered her eyes to escape his intimidating stare.  As she walked away from the two men, she strained her ears to catch their conversation.  She couldn’t make out words, but the captain’s voice sounded threatening.  
She snuck off to the hold, where she stripped to the waist.  She found some dry pieces of old sail to bind her chest and then pulled the clean shirt over her wet head.  Clean clothes were a rarity on a ship, so James’ gift was unexpected and overly generous.  From the waist up she was warm and comfortable, but there wasn’t much she could do about her damp trousers.  
Anne hurried back to the sleeping cabin and crawled into her hammock.  She tried to sleep through the sailors’ loud conversations, the roar of the storm, and the tossing of the ship.  The day had felt unnaturally long, so much had changed since she had woken up that morning.  She tried pushing the day’s events out of her head, but they came back to her as she dozed.  Several times during the night she awoke gasping, having dreamt that she was falling head first towards the deck of a ship.  Morning came before she was ready for it.
“Come on, Aaron,” Danny said, shaking her hammock.
“What?” she exclaimed hoarsely, popping up.  It wasn’t until she woke up that she realized how deeply she had been asleep.
“Captain wants all hands on deck,” Danny called as he shuffled towards the steps with the rest of the sleepy crew.  
“What watch is it?” she yawned, rubbing her eyes.  Nobody answered her question.  She was the only one in the cabin.  She jumped out of her hammock and hurried up the steps, not wanting to get in trouble.  She squinted as she emerged from below deck.  The blinding morning light made the wet deck glisten.  As her eyes adjusted, she guessed it was about seven.  Normally the morning watch would have started three hours ago.
Anne stood at the back of the crowd as the crew gathered below the quarterdeck.  Captain Rackham addressed them from above.
“I’m sorry to say that because of the storm last night, we have lost track of our coordinates.  Before the storm, we were coming up on a Spanish trade route, dangerous waters.  In the interest of safety, I’m going to implement a new watch system which will be in divisions of two instead of three.”  Some of the crew members grumbled to each other.  Anne glanced around, a bit confused.  She thought maybe she wasn’t awake enough to yet understand.  The captain raised his voice to speak over them.
“This will put more men on deck per shift.  More men on deck means more weathered eyes out for Spanish ships and more hands at the ready if orders need to be carried out quickly.  Mr. Edwards will reassign you to your divisions.  Mr. Edwards . . .” he said, stepping back.
Edwards cleared his throat, and pulled a scrap of paper out of his vest pocket.  “Listen up gentlemen.  The new divisions will be referred to as Port and Starboard.  Those on Port: Mr. Bellows, Mr. Cartier, Mr. Isenhart, Mr. Bonny . . .” Edwards continued down the list, but Anne didn’t hear her name.
“The rest of you will be on Starboard,” he announced, folding the list and slipping it back into his pocket.  “The watches will be the same, but now you’ll be on every other watch instead of every third.  Port, you’re on deck first.  You’ll work the rest of the forenoon shift.  Starboard will take over at the afternoon shift.”  He looked out understandingly at the grumbling crew.  “All right men,” he shouted with forced enthusiasm. “Let’s get to work.”  He began assigning tasks to the men on the Port watch.
The crew began to disperse.  From across the crowd Anne noticed James looking at her.  Suddenly she remembered their agreement from the night before.  She had been beginning to wonder if it was part of her nightmares.  He jerked his head to the side slightly, indicating for her to follow him.   She glanced around uncertainly, to make sure his gesture was intended for her, and then followed him to the forecastle.
“You haven’t changed your mind?” he asked, unfolding one of the jib sails.  
“No,” Anne replied.
“Good.”
“Have you?” she pressed.
“No,” he answered as he continued his work.  “But it will be more difficult with these new divisions.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.  She was still confused about how the new watch system was supposed to work.  
“We have opposite watches so we’ll never be together off the watch,” he explained.
“Oh,” Anne replied, realizing their predicament. “So our arrangement will not work.”  She wasn’t sure if she was disappointed or relieved. 
“No, I’m not letting you off the hook that easily,” he assured her.
“So what do you propose we do?” Anne muttered.
“I’ll have to teach you while I’m on watch, that’s all,” he replied.
“Are you allowed to do that?” she asked.
“I can do as I please,” he gave her a mischievous look.  “I’m not afraid of Rackham.”
“Speaking of the captain,” she replied, “why did he want to speak with you last night?”  James smiled to himself and hesitated before beginning.
“Let’s just say that Rackham and I have never gotten on well, and he does not trust me to keep your secret,” he replied calmly.  Anne wrinkled her forehead, unsatisfied with his answer.
“Well, I trust you,” she said, prying him for more information.
“I’m surprised how quickly it was earned,” he replied.  His gray eyes were wide with astonishment.
“You did save my life,” she reminded him.
“Can you come during the first dog watch?”
“Sure,” she replied, “After I eat supper.”  Her stomach rumbled, and he glanced down at it.
“All right, I’ll meet you on the quarterdeck.  Go eat breakfast, Anne.”  She nodded and turned to go.
“Oh and Anne . . . Aaron,” he called.  He lowered his voice, “It would probably be best if you did not mention our agreement to anyone.”
“Of course,” she answered.  She couldn’t think of a good explanation to give the crew for the lessons anyway.  It made sense to keep quiet.  She walked off towards the galley.
Anne took her bowl of lukewarm porridge and sat next to Danny at one of the long wooden tables in the galley.  She greedily shoveled in the tasteless mush, something she would have turned her nose up at a few weeks before.  She hadn’t eaten since lunch the day before and if her bowl had suddenly filled with dirt she probably wouldn’t have noticed.  All food was beginning to taste the same to her.  Everything got washed down with grog.  She took a sip from her mug. 
“What did Bonny want?” Danny asked, elbowing her in the side as he swallowed a mouthful of tasteless breakfast.  Anne glanced up and noticed that half the table was listening for her answer.  She scooped another spoonful of porridge into her mouth.
“Nothing,” she mumbled nonchalantly.
“Then what were you talking to him for?” Danny pushed.  “He ain’t giving you a hard time about yesterday?”
“No,” she replied quickly.  
“Good,” Danny exclaimed.  “Or else he’d have us to deal with,” he said, nudging the sailor sitting to his right.  Pete rolled his eyes.
“No,” Anne assured him, “James is a decent fellow.”
All the men at the table threw her suspicious glances.
“Are you talking about James Bonny?” Pete asked, raising his bushy eyebrows.  
“Aye,” she answered hesitantly, scooping more porridge into her mouth and avoiding his stare.  “I know he’s a bit cranky, but he’s all right.”  She shrugged.
“He must not know,” Pete muttered to the others at the table.
“Know what?” Anne asked, her curiosity peaking.
“Nothing but rumors,” Pete replied, brushing off her question and turning to start up a different conversation with the sailor next to him.
“What rumors?” Anne turned and asked Danny.  Danny took a swig of his grog and gave her a hard look.
“Well they’re a bit more than rumors,” he answered slowly.  Anne put down her bowl and spoon.
“Go on,” she pushed.  He hesitated again.
“I can’t say much because I didn’t know him before.”
“Before what?”
Danny let out a sigh. “Come on, Pete.  Help me out,” he said.  Pete looked up from his bowl, and Anne could tell that he had been listening in on their conversation.  He grunted and scratched his head uncomfortably as if he were making a hard decision.  He met Anne’s eyes and sighed.
“Very well,” he muttered.  “We don’t know what happened exactly because James won’t talk about it.  He used to be a decent fellow, a hard worker.  We all respected him ’cause he was willing to do the dangerous jobs, and well . . . he was unstoppable in combat.  He was always serious, as he is now, but he was easy enough to get along with.  You could get a laugh out of him.”
“What happened?” Anne asked in a low voice.  Pete let out a long sigh.
“The last time we made port in London, and James went home to his wife . . .”
“James has a wife?” Anne interrupted.
“Had a wife,” he corrected.  Anne raised her eyebrows.
“We’re not exactly sure what happened, but his wife was discovered in their bed with a slit throat and a man was found on their bedroom floor with a bullet in his chest.”  Anne’s breath caught in her throat. “All we know for certain is from the manservant who happened to be walking past the house and went in when he heard a commotion.  James was kneeling by his wife’s body, a knife on the floor next to him.”  
“His wife was adulterous, so he killed her and her lover?” Anne asked meekly.  Pete shrugged.
“That’s as it appears,” he said cautiously, “but all we know is what we heard from the manservant who came into the tavern later that night.”  A few of the sailors sitting at the table nodded solemnly in agreement.  
“What is James doing here then?” she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.  “Isn’t he wanted for murder?”  
“That’s what we all thought,” he answered, lowering his voice to match hers.  “No one saw or heard from him during the month we were ashore.  We all thought he had been arrested and jailed, but when we reported back to The King’s Fortitude for the next voyage he was there, too.”  
Anne stared at Pete, wide eyed.  She didn’t know much about James, but the story certainly cast an ominous light on the already fearsome man.
“He hasn’t been the same since,” he continued.  “He rarely speaks to anyone, he always seems like he’s in a spell, and he’s even graver than he was before.  I don’t think he’s quite right in the head now.  I don’t trust him anymore.”  His voice was shaded with regret.  Having finished his story he resumed eating his breakfast, and the men broke into conversation all voicing their speculations about James.  Anne picked up her porridge and began mulling over her newfound knowledge as she ate.
“Aaron,” Danny interrupted her thoughts, nudging her with his elbow.  “Don’t worry about him.  You didn’t get him mad enough that he’d want to kill you or anything . . . and he knows better than to start trouble with Rackham on edge as it is . . . but if I were you I’d keep away from him.”  Anne smiled half-heartedly.
“Thanks,” she mumbled through a mouthful of porridge.
Anne distractedly completed her chores during the afternoon watch.  Her mind kept turning over Pete’s story and Danny’s warning.  She didn’t feel in harm’s way around James, in fact she felt safer with him around now that they had an arrangement.  Yet there were members of the crew who were convinced he was crazy.  Anne paced along the deck railing, trying to decide if she should break her arrangement with James.  She didn’t know if she could afford it.  She was on her own now.  Her earnings as a sailor would be the only money she’d have once she got to London.  She wasn’t sure if she could afford to give a third to a private tutor.  
She watched as a sailor ran along the lower boom of the mainmast.  She couldn’t afford to not learn from James.  He was right.  She probably wouldn’t survive her first encounter with pirates if she didn’t take this opportunity.  Her life depended on it, but she certainly didn’t want to end up mysteriously murdered either.  The afternoon watch ended, and Anne headed to the galley to get supper.  As she ate another bowl of porridge, leftovers from that morning, she still wasn’t sure of her own mind.
A few minutes later, she found herself standing on the quarterdeck, leaning against the railing as she waited for her instructor.  The wind was gentle that evening, a stark contrast to the night before.  Anne looked out at the never ending water and suddenly realized how satisfied it made her feel.  She had a hard time even remembering the restlessness she had experienced a few weeks ago.
A soft thump on the deck behind her made her turn around.  James had jumped down from the rigging and was leaning against the mast.  
“Ready?” he asked, smiling a little.
“Ready,” she replied coolly.


Chapter 10

“Three fives,” Samson muttered in his thick rolling accent.  He glanced across the table at his opponent.  He gingerly lifted the edge of the overturned cup with his giant black hand to peek at the dice again.  He tossed another sixpence out onto the table.
“Four sixes,” Elijah replied, throwing two sixpences onto the table.  He was half the size of Samson, but didn’t seem to be intimidated by the big man.  He shifted his squinty dark eyes towards Mary and winked.  She curled one side of her mouth up, into a half smile.  She leaned casually against a post, watching their game. 
“Don’t think I didn’t see that,” Samson’s voice rumbled from deep inside his chest.  “Just ’cause my eyes are down, don’t mean I can’t see you.”
“Are you going to raise the bet?” Elijah taunted.  “Let’s hurry and finish this game so I can get around to winning Mark’s money.”
“I’ve already told you I’m not going to play,” Mary replied.  “I lose too much when I play against you, Elijah.  I’m only watching today.”
“Come on now, Mark,” Elijah ribbed.  “You broke even last time you bet me . . .”
“Five fives,” Samson muttered.
“That’s more like it,” Elijah exclaimed, turning back to the game.  “Place your bet, Sam.”  Samson threw another sixpence onto the table.
“Oye, you have to put another one in,” Elijah objected.
“Why?” Samson challenged, raising his deep voice.
“You have to match or raise the bet,” Elijah explained.  
“I did match!”  Samson insisted.  
Mary smiled to herself as the men began their usual bickering.  It would no doubt end in a truce and somehow Elijah would come out with more of the silver coins.  It was how they spent most of their breaks below deck. 
Mary had been aboard The Redbird only two weeks and already she felt at home.  She had grown accustomed to life at sea rather quickly.  Aside from the cramped quarters and the constant rocking, it was much like life in the army.  Everyone was assigned a task and as long as everyone completed their task, things ran smoothly.  Although she didn’t like admitting it to herself, she was no longer sad.  She still missed Noah and Liza terribly, but she didn’t cry herself to sleep anymore or get distracted by memories.  Her new crewmates were distraction enough.  
She knew it was because of them that she was slowly recovering from her depression.  Elijah, Samson, and the other crew members sometimes reminded her of being in a battalion, but they were so different from Englishmen that it didn’t happen often.  They were much more relaxed than the young anxious soldiers she had served with in the army.  The crew of The Redbird was as hardworking and dedicated as any other crew, but they always seemed to enjoy themselves.  They spent their free shifts below decks playing cards and dice.  On warm nights, some sailors played instruments foreign to her, like pipes or lutes, while others danced.  The mood was always light, even when they weren’t drinking.  Surrounded by the crew, Mary couldn’t help but laugh and smile.
They made quite an eclectic crew, coming from all over the Americas.  Elijah was from the Brazilian coast.  His mother was a native and his father had been a Spanish settler.  Samson had been a slave from the Caribbean.  Captain Dillingham had found him as a runaway and signed him aboard, wanting a man of his size and strength.  Some of the other crew members had been runaway slaves as well.  Others were mulatos, like Elijah, or creoles.  Aside from Mary, the captain, and Mr. Thorpe, all the crew members were part West Indian or indigenous to some non-European land.
“What do you say, Mark?” Elijah asked, looking up from the game.  Mary smiled playfully.
“I was under the impression that the dealer gets to make the rules.”  Elijah scowled at her.
“But there is no dealer in this . . .” He was cut off by a commotion from above.
“All hands on deck!” Mr. Thorpe barked down into the hold.  Other sailors, who had been lounging in hammocks, jumped up and began filing up the steps.
“Here!” Samson exclaimed, giving in and throwing another sixpence onto the table.  Both the men lifted their cups and Samson erupted with laughter.  
“Five fives!” he chuckled, sweeping the coins off the table and into his large cupped hand.  Elijah frowned as he picked up his dice and stuffed them in his pocket.  
“All hands on deck,” Mr. Thorpe shouted again, staring pointedly at the three of them.  They clambered up to the deck, Samson still laughing to himself.
On deck the crew gathered along the rail, a few pointing at the horizon. Several shielded their faces from the afternoon sun in an attempt to make out what lay further out to sea.  Up on the quarterdeck, Captain Dillingham also examined the horizon through a spyglass.  He wrinkled his brow and handed the spyglass to Mr. Thorpe who stood next to him, pointing and nodding.  
Mary ran to the railing and shouldered her way between Elijah and a dark skinned sailor from Hispaniola named Leo.  She squinted against the glare off the ocean.
“Can you see it?” Elijah asked.
“Aye,” she answered. “A frigate.  Can you see its colors?” she asked, searching the big ship’s masts for a flag.
“No,” he answered.  “Though I expect it’s British, probably another merchant ship.”  
“Do you expect we’ll stop to trade?” she asked eagerly.
“I don’t think either captain will be wanting to trade, but we’ll likely stop for entertainment’s sake.  They might have women aboard,” he smiled, nudging Mary in the side with his elbow.  She tried to give a convincing laugh.  Leo chuckled and clapped Elijah on the shoulder.
“Ha . . . that’s likely, and even if they did, do you think those women would ever bat an eyelash at the likes of you.”
“More likely at me than at you,” he returned jokingly, straightening his coat to make himself look presentable.  Leo was now laughing heartily.
“My friend, neither of us stands a chance if those women catch a glimpse of young Mark here,” he laughed, clapping Mary on the shoulder.  “A handsome fellow like you, the lasses must flock to you.”  
Mary felt her face reddening as she let out an anxious laugh.  “A few, I suppose,” she sputtered, making sure her voice came out nice and low.  Leo and Elijah snickered as they tried to contain laughter.  Not unlike when she was in the army, the crew often teased her about her boyish looks and whiskerless cheeks.
“Mark, your cheeks are awfully red,” Elijah chortled.  “Are you thinking of any sweetheart in particular?”
Mary was relieved when Mr. Thorpe shouted for the crew to assemble so the captain could address them.  Leo and Elijah clear their throats as they attempted to sober themselves, but continued to throw Mary playful glances.  She felt silly for letting their remarks embarrass her.  When she was a soldier, she had had rehearsed responses and stories for when the other men would ask questions about sweethearts and wives, but usually she had avoided those conversations. 
She glanced out at the horizon and noticed that the ship had changed course and was now sailing towards The Redbird.  A few other sailors also noticed and shifted anxiously even though the frigate was still several leagues away.
“Gentlemen,” Captain Dillingham shouted from the railing of the quarterdeck, “the frigate that you all see off the port side of the bow is unmarked.  Mr. Thorpe and I suspect it is a pirate ship.”  A murmur shivered through the crew.  Captain Dillingham raised his hand for silence.
“We are poorly armed and are carrying little that they would find valuable.  I do not intend to resist them.  We will run up the white flag and let them come aboard.”  A few sailors made shouts of protest, but the captain raised his hand again to silence them.
“We will allow them to come aboard peaceably, and search the ship for whatever they want.  I doubt they will find much of interest.  With any luck, they will let us go in tolerable condition.  This is our safest, wisest option.  No one should draw a weapon or act in any way to provoke them to violence.  This is an order.”  He said the last four words slowly and deliberately, looking at specific men as he said them.  “You are dismissed.”
The crew dispersed, breaking off in small groups, talking anxiously to one another.  They all had peculiar looks on their faces, not necessarily fear, but wariness.  Mary shuffled over to a group of men.  
“I don’t like the looks of this,” Leo muttered.  “Not flying colors at all must mean they are up to trouble.”
“What do you mean?” Mary asked.
“Most pirates sail under a black flag, with a picture of some sort to indicate their intentions,” Leo explained.  “Other pirates will fly a British or Spanish flag, depending on the territory, to lure other trading ships towards them.  Usually they want a quick easy capture, so they can loot the ship and be gone.”  He glanced out at the flagless ship on the horizon.  “But they are flying no flag, so we cannot know what to expect.”
“What about what the captain said?” she pressed hopefully.  Leo squinted out at the horizon again.
“He’s right about them being pirates.  Look,” he said, pointing at the approaching frigate. “Do you see the top deck?  Much of it has been removed to make the ship lighter and faster.  A pirate will always do whatever it takes to make sure he has the advantage when it comes to speed and agility.  They have to be masters at running away.”
“But will they board and leave peaceably?” she asked, turning back to look at the expressions of those listening to Leo.  His face hardened.
“I fear Captain Dillingham was rather optimistic, but he was right.  We are poorly armed.  The white flag is our best option.”  The men shifted nervously and the group quickly dispersed.  Only Samson remained standing next to Mary.
“What do we do now?” she asked timidly.
He sighed.  “We wait.”
The white flag of truce fluttered lazily from the mast of The Redbird.  Its entire crew stood ready on the deck, all with their knives sheathed.  All muskets and other weaponry remained in the arsenal.  Orders were being followed.  The sun slowly sank off the starboard side of the ship.
Mary stood along the railing of the forecastle, watching the approaching frigate.  It was about the same size as The Redbird, but pared down and more heavily gunned, as Leo said, better built and equipped for pirating.  Elijah hung from the rigging above her, shouting down observations to the men on the forecastle deck. 
“I count thirty-six men, including the captain and the mate.  They nearly double us in number.  Captain was right.  It’s best we don’t fight.”
The pirate ship was drawing closer.  If Mary listened closely, she could hear their shouts.  She was glad they hadn’t been given an order to fight.  It had been a long time since she had been in combat and she knew she would be rusty.  She also wasn’t quite sure how fighting at sea would differ from fighting on land.  
“God, do they look fierce, nothing but a bunch of brutes,” Elijah called from the rigging.  “I think I can smell them from here.”  Despite their nerves, the crew chuckled a bit.  
The pirate ship was turning into the wind, bringing its side up along The Redbird’s so the two ships were parallel, a position from which they could attack or board The Redbird.  Mary gazed over the rail, examining the members of the other crew.  Elijah was right.  They were very brutish in appearance.  Most had unkempt hair and clothing and only wore lose trousers.  
Her eyes fell upon a pair of men pointing in her direction.  One pulled out a pistol from his waistband.  She gasped and glanced nervously at the other men around her.  None of them seemed to notice.  The pirate with the pistol was taking aim at the rigging above her.
“Elijah!” she shouted.  “Come down!”
“What?” he shouted back.
“Jump!  Now!” she exclaimed.  Without hesitation, Elijah plummeted toward the deck, landing hard on his feet as a lead ball whizzed through the rigging where he had been.
“Are you hurt?” Mary asked, kneeling down to help him.  She could hear jeering coming from the pirate frigate.
“No, I’m fine,” he exclaimed, dazed from the fall.  “It wasn’t too far.”  Other crew members ran over, realizing what happened.  They helped Elijah to his feet.  Mary leered over at the two crew members of the pirate ship.  The man with the pistol was pressing a coin into the palm of the other.
“You’re right,” she sneered.  “I think I can smell the rotten scoundrels from here.”  She closed her fist around the knife hanging from her belt.  Samson grabbed her wrist.
“No,” he rumbled.  “Remember the captain’s orders.  We are to avoid violence.”  Mary realized that obeying the captain was going to be harder than she expected.  Anger now mingled with the fear already chewing at her stomach.  
Elijah winced as he limped over to the rail to get a better look at the now very near pirate ship.  As the strip of black ocean between them began closing, Mary could make out scars on their skin and distinguish which of them were missing teeth.  Now she really could smell their putrid stench.  The pirates leaned over the railing and hung from the rigging, hollering and waving weapons.  She took a few steps back from the railing.
“They’re only trying to intimidate us,” Samson mumbled reassuringly.
A sickening groan echoed through the ship and the deck shivered under the crew’s feet as the pirate ship grinded up against the side of The Redbird.  Before their ship had even slowed to a stop, the pirate crew was swarming over the side of the merchant ship, easily jumping the short gap.
“Do not resist them!”  Captain Dillingham shouted over the chaos.  “Surrender your arms!”  His attempts to keep his crew in order were halted as he was bound and gagged by a pirate.  
A group of pirates scrambled up to the forecastle and began to herd the sailors like cattle.  Mary forced herself to break out of her frightened stupor.  She backed away from a bare chested pirate with scraggily black hair brandishing a cutlass.  She yelped in surprise as she bumped into Elijah.  He too backed away from a captor.  The black haired pirate laughed cruelly.
“Ye can’t run, lad!” he exclaimed, latching onto her wrist and twisting her arm behind her back.  Instinct told her to struggle, but she knew that in the other hand the pirate held a cutlass, so she let him tie her hands together behind her.  The rope bit into her skin as the pirate tied the knot brutally tight, but Mary refused to give him the satisfaction of hearing her cry out.  
The pirate led her and the other sailors on the forecastle down to the main deck.  In front of her Elijah struggled down the steps.  His left ankle was swollen to nearly twice the size of his right.  
“Hurry up, you Indian bastard,” the pirate behind him barked, pushing him down the last of the stairs.  Elijah grunted as he hit the deck.
“Hey!” Mary shouted.  She tried to struggle forward to help him, but the black haired pirate held tight to her upper arm.  
“Stop that!” he growled, putting the edge of his cutlass against the skin of her neck.  As Elijah struggled to his feet, Mary could see his face was smeared in blood.  He had been unable to catch his fall because he too was bound at the wrist.  His nose bent to the side at an unnatural angle.  Tears stung the corners of her eyes, as she watched him stumble along in pain.
Down on the main deck, the crew was forced to kneel in a line and wait for the pirate captain to board their captured ship.  Next to Mary, Samson’s knees thudded on the deck as he was forced down by two pirates.  His face was hard with anger.  Mary glanced around.  Every one of her crewmates knelt at the feet of an armed pirate, and a dozen more encircled them.  Had they fought, they all would have been killed.  
The pirate crew turned to watch their captain climb aboard.  Mary hardly dared to look at the man any higher than his shiny black boots, but when he addressed them she looked up in surprise.
“What have we here?” he sneered, his slippery voice full of sarcasm, “a bunch of beasts.”  His crew snickered.  Outwardly, the captain appeared a gentleman.  Tucked into his knee high boots were tan doe-skin pants.  Ruffles billowed about his throat and wrists.  His deep red coat had long tails and was adorned heavily with brass buttons and trim, but when Mary heard him speak she was sure he was nothing but a barbarian, the furthest thing from a gentleman.  
“Nothing but a crew of savages and slaves,” the captain continued, walking down the line, staring at them with disgust.  “Well gentlemen,” he said, addressing his crew, “I would introduce myself to them, but I doubt any would understand.”  The captain spit on Leo and the pirate crew let out another cold laugh.  “I don’t suppose you found any women, Mr. Harper?” he asked, turning to the quarter master.
“None, Captain,” he replied.  A lump rose in Mary’s throat.  
“Their captain and mate?” he asked.
“On the quarterdeck, Captain,” Mr. Harper answered.
Mary twisted her neck to watch the captain and quarter master address Captain Dillingham and Mr. Thorpe who were both bound and gagged.  The black haired pirate forced her head back down.
“Now don’t go ruining your chance with impudence,” he muttered.  Mary wondered at his comment, but soon forgot it.  She strained her ears, trying to listen for captains’ conversation, but her heart was racing so fast the blood pumping in her ears drowned out their voices.  She stole a glance to the side.  Captain Dillingham’s hands had been untied and he was pointing directly at her.  Mary racked her mind, trying to think why the captain would want her.  Fear bubbled up inside her.
“Jim,” the pirate captain shouted, “bring me your man.”
“Aye, Captain,” the black hair pirate replied.  “C’mon,” he barked, grabbing the back of Mary’s collar and pulling her to her feet.  Everything was beginning to feel surreal.  She wasn’t sure if she could walk.
“No!” Samson bellowed.  He struggled against the pirates holding him, trying to twist out of their grasp.  
“It’s all right, Samson,” she heard herself say.  One of the pirates holding Samson kicked him in the stomach and he crumpled to the ground.  Jim pushed her forward with the butt of his cutlass.  She caught a glimpse of Elijah as she mounted the steps to the quarterdeck.  From behind his blood spattered face she could see his eyes were full of sorrow and terror.  She refused to acknowledge the thought lurking in the back of her mind, that this may be the last time she would see her crewmates.
She focused on her breathing as she reached the top of the steps.  Jim forced her to her knees on the deck next to Captain Dillingham and Mr. Thorpe.  The pirate captain’s boots clicked on the deck as he approached her.  
“Is he your cabin boy, Dillingham?” he chuckled.
“No,” Captain Dillingham replied.  “He is one of the crew.”  The pirate captain squatted down in front of her, grabbing her face and examining it.  Mary was too frightened to struggle against his rough grasp.
“He barely has whiskers yet,” he exclaimed, letting her head fall.  “How old are you, lad?”
“Seventeen,” she lied.
“Are you an Englishmen?”
“Yes, sir,” she answered, a little more boldly.
“And what is your name?” he asked in a tone that seemed to mock her attempt at bravery.
“Mark Read,” she replied softly.  The pirate captain stood up and stepped back so she could examine him from toe to hat.
“And do you know who I am?” he asked tauntingly.  She looked up into his face.  He had high, broad cheekbones and a long straight nose.  His wet red lips protruded through his bushy black and gray beard.  His hair was combed and pulled back into a ponytail.  A long white plume hung down from his big black hat.  Mary reminded herself that despite his groomed appearance he was a cold-hearted, rotten pirate.
“No, sir,” she answered.
“I am Bartholomew Penning, Captain of Jupiter’s Vengeance, and a gentleman of fortune,” he said with grandioso.  He removed his hat and made a low bow, but she was sure he was mocking her.  “And now, my boy, I would like to make you a proposition,” he continued, pacing the deck in front of her.  “Since you are an Englishman, I am willing to spare your life.  All I need is your pledge.”
“My pledge?” she stuttered.
“To the articles and to me as captain of Jupiter’s Vengeance,” he said with a flourish of his arm.
“Become a pirate,” she exclaimed, her face wrinkled in disgust.  The captain scowled at her and before Mary had time to react he struck her across the face with the back of his hand.  She fell into Mr. Thorpe who had been kneeling silently next to her.  Captain Penning grabbed her by the front of her shirt and yanked her upright.  
“We prefer ‘gentlemen of fortune’,” he growled, his nose inches from hers.  “It is either that or feed the fishes like the rest of the crew.”  She gasped as a wave of terror swept over her, not for herself but for her shipmates.  On the deck below she could hear the pirates getting restless.
“Why?” she tried to asked, but her voice got caught in her throat.  
“Mr. Read, patience has never been one of my virtues,” he growled.  
“I . . .” she stammered.  Mary tried to clear her head to think, but all she could comprehend was her heart beating against her chest and the droning in her ears.  Thinking was impossible.  Self-preservation prevailed through the panic.  She didn’t want to die.  “I’ll join!” she blurted, trying to hold back tears.
“That’s a good lad,” Captain Penning chuckled.  He turned towards her old captain.  “Dillingham, have you changed your mind?”
“I’ve lived a good life. I’ll take my chances with my maker, but I’ll never go on the account,” he replied coldly.
“You’re a brave man, Dillingham,” he sighed.  He turned to the quarter master, “Mr. Harper, see to it that he gets a gentleman’s death.”
“Aye, Captain,” Mr. Harper replied, retying Captain Dillingham’s wrists.  He found a length of rope and began knotting it into a noose.
Captain Penning sauntered to the rail overlooking the main deck.  He barely gave the crew of The Redbird a second’s glance before shouting, “Slaughter the beasts!”
Mary could hear herself shrieking for them to stop, but was unaware of her mouth moving.  Through her screams, horrific sounds filled her ears.  The pirates roared and shouted as they murdered the merchant crew, and cries of agony from the deck below echoed in Mary’s ears.  Jim had left her side to help Mr. Harper string up Captain Dillingham.  She could hear him gasping and gurgling for air and out of the corner of her eye she could see his legs and feet quivering a few feet above the deck.  She kept her head down to avoid witnessing his death.  
After the short while that felt like an eternity, the sounds of the dying ceased.  Only the pirate’s voices, calling to each other as they looted the merchant ship, remained.  Tears streamed down Mary’s face and her heart felt as if it were about to burst.  She stole a glimpse sideways at The Redbird’s only other surviving crew member.  Mr. Thorpe’s face was set as hard as stone, as if nothing had happened.  
Mary realized that she was about to join a pirate crew and should probably do likewise, if she didn’t want to be seen as a coward.  Feebly, she tried to wipe her tears on her shoulders and composed her face so she could at least appear hardened.  A rough hand clapped her on the arm and pulled her to her feet.
“C’mon, boy,” Jim said gruffly.  “You’re one of us now.”  He shoved her along behind Mr. Harper, who was escorting Mr. Thorpe.  She gasped, seeing the bodies of the massacred crew.  She tried to look away but was mesmerized by the scene.  
Leo lay on his back, his legs folded in awkward angles, having fallen backward from a kneeling position.  A clean slit in his neck had left a pool of blood about his head.  Further down the deck, Mary recognized Samson’s massive body.  He lay face down.  The back of his skull had been mangled with a hatchet.  A large red circle had stained Elijah’s white linen shirt where a bullet had entered his chest.  His head was tilted back and only the whites of his eyes showed through his open eyelids.  
For an instant Mary wished she had chosen to die with the crew, rather than live with the horrific memories.  She had seen death before, on the battlefield or in the infirmary, but she had never witnessed the destruction of a slaying like the one she had just lived through.
She stumbled along, too stunned to resist, cry, or think.  She was handed over the side of The Redbird and onto the deck of Jupiter’s Vengeance.  With another groan of grinding wood, the pirate ship pulled away from the deserted merchant ship.  Already the pirate crew was beginning to load the crates and barrels of stolen goods down into the hull.
“Captain?” Mr. Harper called.  “What would you like me to do with these?” he asked, nudging Mr. Thorpe forward.
“Lock them in the brig for now,” he replied distractedly, trying to oversee the loading of the cargo and the steering of the ship at the same time.
“Aye, Captain,” he hollered back, prodding them towards the main hatch.  They were led through the dark musty lower decks.  In the stern, four rough iron cages were bolted into the side of the ship.  Jim cut the ropes around Mary’s wrists and locked her in one of the cells.  Her hands tingled as the blood rushed back into them.  Mr. Thorpe flexed his hands in the cell across from her.  
“I expect the captain will have you swear to the articles this evening,” Mr. Harper remarked as he and Jim returned to the upper decks.
A lantern with a single candle hanging from a nail on a post was the only light in the brig and her eyes had not yet adjusted, so Mary jumped when someone in the cell next to her spoke.
“Where are you fellows from?”  His voice was light and gentle, his accent refined. 
“We’re Englishmen,” Mr. Thorpe answered dejectedly.  “Our ship, The Redbird, was captured.  We were sailing from a port in Plymouth to trade in the West Indies.”
“Where is the rest of your crew?” the stranger asked.
“Dead,” Mary said in a hollow voice.
“All of them . . . even your captain?” he probed.  Mary bobbed her head weakly as she felt the familiar flood of grief consume her.  She sucked in a shaky breath to stop the urge to cry.
“Captain Dillingham refused to join, and the rest of the crew were runaway slaves and Indians so Penning killed them,” Mr. Thorpe explained.
“I see,” the stranger replied softly.  
A gunshot fired from above on the deck.  All three prisoners glanced up at the deck over their heads.  
“What . . .” Mary began to ask, but her words were interrupted by a rumble of what sounded like thunder.  Shouts and cheers echoed from the deck above.
“They’re sinking The Redbird,” Mr. Thorpe exclaimed with realization.
“Aye,” the stranger replied.  “They must have put kegs of gunpowder on the deck.”
“Penning doesn’t want a fleet?” Mr. Thorpe asked.  “Such a waste of a vessel.”
“His capture tactic is stealth, and he is quite obsessed with building a fearsome reputation for himself.  Taking on a second ship would slow him down and murdering your shipmates helps him to build repute.”
Mary was horrified by the picture of Bartholomew Penning the young man painted.  She suddenly felt a bit nauseous and sat down, clapping one hand to her mouth and the other to her stomach. 
“Are you hurt?” the stranger asked, kneeling at the bars that separated their cells.  
“No.  I’m feeling a little sick, though,” she muttered, pulling her hand away from her mouth.
“Here, take this,” the stranger offered.  Mary’s eyes were beginning to adjust to the dim light.  She turned to look at the stranger.  He appeared to be an officer of some sort.  He wore white pants and a blue coat striped with bars.  Judging by the wear on his clothing, Mary could tell he had been confined to his cell for a while.  His sun bleached hair badly needed combing and a scruffy beard covered his chin, making it difficult for her to tell his age.  But something in the quickness of his movements and the brightness of his eyes gave her the notion that he was young for an officer.  Mary reached hesitantly for the surprisingly clean handkerchief that he handed her through the bars of his cell.
“Your mouth is bleeding,” he explained, gesturing towards the corner of his lips.  Mary stared at the blood smears on her hand.
“Thank you,” she said, touching the handkerchief to her mouth.  Her confusion must have showed in her voice.
“From when Captain Penning struck you,” Mr. Thorpe mumbled.
“Oh, right,” she muttered stupidly.  The stranger gave her a small smile.
“It’s hard to keep your wits about you in a capture,” he commented.  Mary nodded.  He stuck his hand through the bars of his cell once again.
“I’m Nathaniel Locke,” he said.  Mary glanced over at him.  Under his mop of hair she could see that his eyes were filled with sympathy for her.  She wiped her hand on her pants before taking his.
“Mark Read,” she said. 
“And you, sir?” he asked, glancing over at the other inmate.
“Richard Thorpe,” he grumbled.
“A pleasure,” Nathaniel replied.  Their cells were too far away for them to shake hands, so Nathaniel gave him a half-hearted salute.  Mr. Thorpe just rolled his eyes.
“You an officer?” asked Mr. Thorpe.  
“A navigator,” Nathaniel sighed.  
“Are you a pirate?”  Mary asked.  He let out a half-hearted laugh.
“Not yet.  I’ve been postponing it as best I can, but I’m afraid now that you two are here the captain will have run out of patience.”
“How do you mean?” Mary asked.  Nathaniel let out a sigh, and she realized she would be getting a long explanation.  
“My ship ran into Penning’s about a fortnight ago.  We were a Navy vessel, so we wanted to capture them as badly as they wanted to capture us, but we had just come from a skirmish with another ship and weren’t properly armed to handle another attack so soon.  We fought, but Penning easily captured us.”  He shifted uneasily before continuing, and Mary gathered that he was leaving out certain uncomfortable details.  “Our ship was in terrible condition, so after they looted it Penning left it adrift and sinking, assuming they would all drown anyway . . . another scheme for spreading his reputation for brutality.  Penning knew it was a waste offering us the opportunity to join his crew.  As King’s Men we all would have had to refuse.”
“Why were you spared?”
“Mr. Harper, the mate that brought you in,” he said, gesturing towards Mr. Thorpe, “happened to ask me what my rank was.  When I told him I was the navigator he brought me to the captain who decided that I could be useful.  Penning can sail like the devil but apparently isn’t very good at navigating and didn’t have a navigator of his own.”  A smile played at the corners of his mouth.  “Since I didn’t join on my own accord, I’m not really a part of the crew.  Captain Penning keeps me down here, and brings me up when he needs someone to read a map or determine the ships latitude and longitude.  He keeps saying I won’t live much longer if I don’t join his crew, but I don’t think he can afford to get rid of me.  He’s been having me direct him towards the Bahamas.  I suspect he needs me to lead him to Nassau Harbor, so he can get rid of some of his cargo.  It has been weighing down the ship.”  He sighed, “I’ve been buying my time, but I suspect now that you’re joining the crew Penning won’t allow me to stay impartial for much longer.”
Mary felt a twinge of guilt and was about to make a small apology when Mr. Thorpe spoke up.
“So sorry to have inconvenienced you,” he mumbled sarcastically.
“Not at all,” Nathaniel replied dryly.  “I should be thanking you.  If I go on the account I can finally get out of this God forsaken cell.”  
The door to the brig swung open with a screech.  Jim stood in the doorway holding a lantern.  Two others sailors flanked him on either side.
“The captain wants to see all three of you,” Jim announced.  He unlocked Mary’s cell and led her out of the brig and up to the deck.  Mr. Thorpe and Nathaniel followed along behind her, each accompanied by a pirate.  
The crew of Jupiter’s Vengeance was assembled on the waist of the ship.  They stood shoulder to shoulder in two rows facing each other, making a tunnel that led to a small table, set up like an altar.  Behind the table stood Captain Penning.  The sight of him made fear and anger well up inside of Mary.  She set her face as hard as stone as she approached him, avoiding the gruesome faces of the pirates she passed.  Laid out on the table was a bible, a pistol, and a piece of parchment with the ship’s articles scrolled across it.  
“Mr. Locke, I need a commitment from you tonight,” Captain Penning bellowed, “or you can hang from the yard arm.”  
“Aye . . . Captain,” Nathaniel nodded solemnly.
“Good man,” he beamed, clapping the navigator on the shoulder.  
The three captives were positioned around the table, one on each side, and the captain at the head.  He made a short speech.  Mary barely listened, too distracted by the reality of what she was about to do.  When he started reading the articles, she perked up.  They were the only sort of order aboard a pirate ship.  She wanted to know what she was signing.
The articles outlined the ship’s policy on voting, the division of shares, quarreling, and other such matters.  Mary tensed as one of the last articles was read aloud.
“No boy or woman is to be allowed amongst the crew.  If any man is found seducing any of the latter sex, and carries her to sea, disguised, he is to suffer death,” the captain proclaimed.  Mary’s heart skipped a beat as she wondered what her fate would be if she was discovered.  She got the impression that Penning didn’t think that particular article applied to him.  The captain finished reading the articles.
“Now,” he cleared his throat, “place one hand on the bible and the other on the pistol.”  Mary reached across the table, weaving her arms between Mr. Thorpe’s and Nathaniel’s.  She set her hand next to Mr. Thorpe’s on the small bible.  Nathaniel rested his hand on top of hers.  His palm felt warm on the back of her hand and her skin tingled.  She rested her other hand on the stock of the pistol.
“Do you swear before God, your maker, to keep these articles so long as you are a member of the crew of Jupiter’s Vengeance?” the captain asked with much flourish.
“I swear,” Mary muttered along with the two other men, their voices in a weak chorus.  
“Now you must sign,” the captain explained, pulling a knife from his belt.  Mary watched as Nathaniel used the knife to prick his left thumb.  Captain Penning handed him a quill, which he used to draw blood from his thumb.  He added his beautiful signature to the bottom of the articles next to the other names written in blood.  Mr. Thorpe did the same.  Mary showed no emotion as she slit open her thumb.  She dipped the quill into her blood and scrolled her alias across the bottom of the document. 
A cheer went up as the captain poured out a mug of rum.  He took a swig and then Nathaniel, Mr. Thorpe, and Mary were all made to drink from the cup.  Another cheer went up as the rum was passed amongst the crew and the ceremony ended.  The rest of the night was given up to celebrating.  Whether Mary liked it or not, she was a pirate.


Chapter 11

Sweat dribbled down the back of Anne’s neck as she shuffled back and forth on the foredeck.  She twisted her wrist, moving her sword to block the series of attacks falling on her.  She backed away until she was trapped against the mast of the foresail.  Her attacker lunged towards her.  Her mind reeled, trying to think of an escape maneuver she had learned in her training.  She gave the swordsman a smirk as she spun around the mast, out stepping his sword.  Her move caught him off guard.  Now she was on the attack and James would have to defend.  
She laughed, pleased with her small triumph.  With newfound energy, she made a volley of thrusts, which James countered smoothly.  When they had first started lessons, Anne’s efforts had been pitiable.  James would defend himself against any move she made as if he were swatting a fly away.  Now she could at least hold his attention.  
She was quickly becoming skilled in all sorts of fighting.  She could load any fire arm on board in less than thirty seconds.  However, firing a weapon without permission was strictly forbidden, so Anne practiced taking aim but never pulled the trigger.  They had spent a little time on fist fighting but decided that since it wasn’t practical in combat she wouldn’t need to learn beyond the basics.  Most of the fighting in an attack was done with knives and swords, so Anne spent many of her afternoons learning how to brandish the different types of weapons.  After several lessons, she was proficient with a dagger, a cutlass, and even a hatchet, but since it required the most skill James had her spend most of their time teaching her the sword.
Anne danced across the deck, backing James into the narrow space by the bowsprit, their swords glinting in the afternoon sunlight.  They never actually attempted to hurt each other, only to disarm.  This thought crossed her mind and a smile curled Anne’s lips.  She wanted to show James what she was capable of.  She brought her sword back and lunged forward in an attempt to slice a hole in the side of James’ shirt.  Her attack was stopped short, though.  James had caught the hilt of her sword with the tip of his.  With an upward swoop, he ripped the weapon out of her hand and sent it flying up over her head.  It landed on the deck behind her with a clatter.
“Trying to be clever?” he sneered, the tip of his sword inches from her neck.  “What were you doing?”  Anne held her hands up in defeat and panted as she regained her breath.
“Keeping you on your toes,” she snickered.
“By putting your sword through my liver?” he frowned.
“I wasn’t going to hurt you, just put a nice hole in your shirt,” she smiled, retrieving her weapon.  James’ face was hard, but his eyes were light, so Anne knew he wasn’t too angry with her.
“You’re getting cocky,” he muttered.
“Beg your pardon?” she asked, knitting her eyebrows together.
“You heard me,” he said sternly.  “Being overconfident is dangerous.  Men do stupid things when they are overconfident.”
“Then I guess it’s a good thing I’m a woman,” she grinned.  James rolled his eyes.
“Yes, that’s exactly why I worry,” he replied.  “Almost all the men you’re going to encounter will be bigger and stronger than you, Anne.  That’s why we spend so much time learning the sword.  It depends more on skill and less on strength.  It’s your best bet in battle.”
Anne heaved an impatient sigh.  She had heard his reasoning before, and she hated being lectured.  James ignored her and continued. 
“It worries me when I see you do something reckless like that.  You cannot be the one to make the mistake.  Wait for them to make the mistake and then take advantage of it.”
“Like a coward?” she muttered.
“It’s not cowardly, it’s smart,” he replied with a tone of finality, turning and walking over to the railing.
Anne sighed and immediately regretted the argument.  She knew she wasn’t the most cooperative student.  As a girl, she had gone through countless governesses.  James was always too patient with her.  He put up with her arrogance, explained directions to her over and over, and even acted as her punching bag when she was learning to fist fight.  She propped her sword up against the mast and followed him.   
“All right, lesson learned,” she called after him.  “I’ll stop being cocky.”  She leaned against the railing and stared out at the ocean.  They stood in silence for a little while, listening to the whispering of sea spray as the bow of The King’s Fortitude cut through the waves.
“What else are we doing today?” she asked, breaking the silence.
In addition to learning skills necessary for combat, half of Anne’s lessons were devoted to improving her skills as a sailor.  She and James spent a lot of time up in the rigging and sails.  Anne was now much more comfortable climbing in the ropes.  She no longer had to look where she was putting her hand or foot because she knew a rope would be there to support her weight.  
No sooner had she grown accustomed to the rigging than James had her climbing the mast.  Shimmying up the mast was a quicker, more direct way to get to the sails.  At first Anne didn’t have the strength in her arms to get herself very far off the deck, but because she was so light, it didn’t take long for her to adjust.  The necessary muscles quickly developed, and she could now work herself up the mast as fast as any other sailor onboard.
James had also taught her other useful skills.  He had spent a lesson teaching her how to mend rope, and another on how to maintain the guns.  They had even spent an afternoon tying knots.  Anne was quickly becoming a very capable sailor.  She no longer struggled through her chores or wondered what one of Edwards’ orders meant.
“You should practice running along the yard,” James answered.  Anne’s face fell and James smirked.
“You’re getting much better, and it’s important you learn,” he reassured her.  
“I don’t know how the tar gun works yet,” she suggested hopefully.
“Come on, Anne.  I’ll race you” he said, taking long strides over to the rigging.  She didn’t budge. “What was that you were saying about cowards?” he asked slyly.
“Oh fine,” she huffed.  She wondered if she was crazy for once again following him up to the yard arms.  After so many close calls, she thought James would have stopped attempting to teach her.  Her first few lessons he had tied a rope around her waist, with the other end tied to the yard above, so that if she fell she would only dangle with the rope in her armpits for a few seconds, instead of crashing onto the deck below.  This had happened a few times, but James was always quick to scoop her back up and right her on the boom.
After he was a bit more confident in her balance, he removed the rope.  Her first few attempts were shaky, but successful.  That lesson ended with Anne losing her balance.  Before she fell far, she had reached for the boom reflexively.  Managing to wrap her arms and legs around it, she had hung from the underside like a monkey until James had untangled her from the sail and pulled her upright.  She had vowed then and there never to run along the yard again, yet somehow James had convinced her otherwise and they had practiced again the next afternoon.  Despite her improvement since then, Anne’s stomach still turned on itself when she heard James mention the yard arms.  
“On your marks . . . get set . . .” James scampered up the rigging without bothering to yell “go.”
“James!” Anne exclaimed, dashing across the deck.  She leapt up onto the tall mast, locking her arms and legs around it.  She scrunched and extended her body, inching her way up the trunk.  Although she was quite fast, she knew she wouldn’t be able to catch up with James.  He had too much of a head start.  She glanced up to see him reaching the boom of the main yard.  He then jutted out further onto the boom to get to the next set of rigging.  A lump rose in Anne’s throat as James made his way towards the topsail yard.  He was going to have her practice on the higher narrower boom of the topsail.  The thought of being another fifteen feet higher above the deck made her feel nauseous. 
Her mind was so preoccupied with the task she was about to face, that she didn’t even realize it when she reached the crow’s nest before James.  As she sat on the boom and caught her breath, she stole a quick glance at the deck below.  Her heart pounded noisily in her chest.
“When did you get so fast?” James smiled as he joined her on the boom. 
“I don’t want to do this,” Anne muttered, ignoring his compliment.
“It’s no different from the main yard,” he said, jumping easily to his feet and balancing on the narrow boom.
“Only higher and narrower,” she replied breathily.  
“The concept is still the same,” he reassured her, tugging her up by the arm.  “Focus on the end of boom, keep your knees bent, and don’t put your weight down until you’re sure of your footing.”
“Can’t you put a rope around me?” she begged.
“Nothing above to tie it to,” he explained.
Anne spread her arms for balance and slowly turned to face the end of the boom, looking down to watch where she stepped.  The deck blurred thirty feet below her.
“James,” she whimpered.
“I’m right here.  You’re fine,” he whispered.  “Focus on the end on the boom.”
Anne took a deep breath and lifted her chin.  She locked her eyes on the end of the boom and tentatively lifted one foot.  She placed it back down if front of the other.  She took another hesitant step.
“A little more bend to your knees,” James said softly from behind her.  
“Easier said than done,” she muttered under her breath, but on her next step forced herself to crouch a little lower.  Repositioning her weight allowed for her feet to curl around the wood and she suddenly felt much more stable.  No longer hesitant, she shuffled quickly along the boom.  
“See, you’ve got it,” James exclaimed.  “Now, careful turning around.”  Anne placed her feet cautiously, knees still bent, as she turned to face James.
“You were right,” she admitted, “it is like the main yard . . . once you get your bearings.”  She scampered back to the safety of the crow’s nest.  “It’s not any less frightening either,” she added, clasping his outstretched calloused hand. She made several more ventures out onto the boom, each time becoming more and more confident.
“Have you had enough for today?” James asked, after her seventh run.
“Yes,” she exclaimed, breathing a sigh of relief.
“I figured,” he smirked, slipping down into the rigging to begin the decent to the deck.  “You’re shaping up to be quite the sailor,” he said as Anne joined him in the ropes.  “I would have never thought that a prissy plantation owner’s daughter could adjust to a life at sea so quickly.”
“I’ll assume that you were referring to my father as prissy and not me,” she retorted.  James’ shoulders shook with laughter and Anne’s temper began to flare.  His praise never came without a cruel underhanded remark.  “And I suppose that I could have done fine without your help.”
“You mean with Danny’s help?” he replied mockingly.  Their conversation was quickly darkening.  
“I don’t see what it matters.  You tars are pretty much all the same,” she shouted down at him, “A bunch of smelly drunks.  Danny would have been a bit more cheerful to work with, though.”
“Well, I’m sorry I’m not chipper all the time,” he sneered, jumping onto the main yard.  “Perhaps Danny should resume his position overseeing your training.”
“Danny doesn’t talk much with me these days,” she answered tersely, also stepping onto the boom.  
“He doesn’t?” James asked, turning to face Anne.  “Why?”  Anne stared at James in disbelief and sniggered darkly.
“I don’t know how to say this politely, but in case you’ve failed to notice, the crew avoids you like the plague.”  James just stared at her intently.  She snorted, “So I’m guilty by association, I suppose.  You cannot keep many secrets on a ship this small.”  She tried to push past him and avoid his stormy gray eyes, but there was nowhere to go on the narrow boom.
“I didn’t know,” he muttered.  “I’m sorry.”  Anne thought she saw his shoulders fall.  
“It’s fine,” she answered gruffly.  “I chose this arrangement . . . even though they warned me about you.”
“Warned you?” he murmured, knitting his brow.  Anne could see his mood changing and it made her nervous.
“They told me about the last time The King’s Fortitude made port in London,” she continued uneasily.
“You know about my wife?” he whispered hoarsely.  Anne peered up at him.  His eyes now seemed hazy and distant.  She nodded.
“Like I said, it’s a small ship.”
“I’m sorry, Anne,” he sighed.  “I should have told you myself.  You no doubt heard that I’m a terrible, coldhearted man, who murdered his wife while she slept.”
“Not exactly,” she replied. 
“Yes, I can only imagine how the story has twisted,” he snorted.  
“You didn’t murder her?” she asked nervously.
“Of course not,” James snapped.  “I loved Faith.”
“Then . . . what happened?” breathed Anne, her pulse clipping along.  James didn’t reply immediately, but instead sat down on the boom and stared out through the sails at the open water.  She sat down beside him and waited silently.  When he finally spoke his voice was small and strained.
“When we got married, she begged me not to sail anymore.  She hated that I was away for so long.  I didn’t like being away from her either, but I was stubborn.  I wanted the adventure of a sailor’s life and the comfort of a wife and home.  I was foolish, but Faith was patient with me.  She was the constant I needed in a life that was far from steady.  When I would come home she would run to me crying, happy I was home safe and tell me that I was not allowed to leave again . . . but there was always a trip to be made, an adventure to undertake.”  Anne had been studying James’ pained face intently and noticed as it suddenly darkened.
“Then,” he continued hesitantly, “the last time we made port in London, I returned home, but I did not find Faith waiting at our door as usual.  I went inside and called for her, but she did not answer.  I could hear footsteps in the bedroom upstairs and then Faith screamed.”  He paused and Anne’s skin began to prickle.  “The first thing I saw when I opened the bedroom door was Faith.  She was lying across the bed, her throat slit.  In the corner, a man was trying to escape through the window.  He was carrying a sack of our valuables . . . his trousers still around his knees.”
“Oh, James!” she gasped, putting her hand to her mouth.  He threw her a watery glance.
“I could’ve broken his neck, but out of instinct I reached for my pistol,” he paused and Anne knew what he had done.  “I ran over to Faith, but I knew it was too late.”  He fell silent and stared out at the ocean for another few minutes.  When he turned back to Anne his eyes had cleared.  She wiped her own eyes and spoke tentatively.
“So when the manservant found you it looked like you had . . .” James gave her an inquisitive look.  “Pete’s story was fairly accurate,” she explained bashfully.
“I see,” James nodded.  “Yes, the story quickly came to be that I had killed my wife and her lover,” he said in a steely voice.
“But they weren’t . . . and you didn’t . . .” Anne stuttered.  A rueful smile contorted his face.
“Well, I can never be sure that my wife wasn’t having an affair . . . and I did kill a man . . . but I certainly didn’t kill Faith.”
“What happened?” she asked.  “Were you accused of murder?  Pete didn’t know what happened.”
James studied her face for a moment.  
“No, he wouldn’t,” he replied.  Anne raised her eyebrows, prompting him to reveal more.  A small smile twisted James’ lips.
“I suppose you’ve entrusted me with your secret . . .” he murmured.  Anne’s eyes widen and she burned with curiosity.  “I was arrested for murder,” he continued, “and I would have been hung for it if it weren’t for Captain Rackham.”
“Rackham!” Anne exclaimed.  James ignored her outburst.
“The manservant ran to a nearby tavern.  Rackham happened to be in the tavern and ran over to see if he could help.  He was the first to arrive . . . he made me set down Faith’s body.”  Anne bit her lip to avoid the threatening tears as gruesome images popped into her head.  “He also convinced the manservant to speak on my behalf.  There wasn’t even a trial.  I spent a few nights in jail, but Rackham managed to get everything squared away.  He convinced the authorities of my innocence.”
“How did he do that?” Anne asked.
“He pointed out that I hadn’t fled the scene, that the knife wasn’t mine, that Faith’s murderer had been carrying a sack of our belongings and trying to escape through the window, circumstantial evidence mostly,” he explained.
“But how did he explain the intruder’s death?”
“I admitted to it, but Rackham convinced the authorities that I was defending my home, which is justifiable by law.”
“But I thought you and Rackham did not get along,” she pressed.  “I don’t understand why he would go through all that trouble for you?” Once again James became very grave and Anne wished she could retract her words.
“Rackham and I have never gotten along.  As far as him helping me . . . well, you aren’t the only one aboard The King’s Fortitude with a secret,” he smirked, climbing into the rigging.  Anne pondered this for a moment and then followed him down.
On the deck, James collected the weapons they used for her lesson and was bringing them back to the arsenal.  Anne descended the steps to the lower decks and trailed behind him, her mind overwhelmed by all the details she had learned.  She hung in the doorway for a few moments, watching him wipe down and put away the swords. 
“James . . .” she started.
“Yes,” he answered, not lifting his gaze from his work.
“I . . . I’m sorry about Faith,” she said softly.  “And I’m sorry I . . . misjudged you,” she added.  James peered up at Anne.
“Thank you,” he replied.
“You’re welcome,” she smiled and turned to leave.
“You remind me of her sometimes,” he murmured.
“What was that?” Anne asked, sticking her head back in the doorway.  
“You remind me of Faith, when you smile . . . the way your eyes light up, it makes you look like her,” he explained clumsily.  Anne gave him another small smile before she hurried away.  
Anne lie awake in her hammock that night, unable to stop her brain from working over what she had heard that day.  She was convinced of James’ account of his wife’s murder and realized she didn’t feel any differently about him now that she knew the truth.  After all the scrapes he had gotten her out of and all he had done for her, it had been easy for Anne to trust him, despite the ominous rumors.  
But James’ comments about Captain Rackham were what kept her mind spinning.  She tried to remember his exact words.  She knew that Rackham had a secret, and Anne got the impression that James had agreed to keep it.  She also came to the conclusion that he and Rackham had known each other before they sailed together on The King’s Fortitude.  James had said that he and Rackham had never gotten along.  Some part of their past had been shared.
Anne’s eyes had barely closed when the tolling of the bell announced the next shift.  Groggy, she rolled out of her hammock and stumbled up to the deck and into the cold night air.  She threw her arms into Georgie’s coat and scrambled up the rigging to her post as lookout in the crow’s nest.  Her breath vaporized and curled around her face as she stared out at the black water.  Once again her mind wandered to the conversation she had with James.  But not the things that had kept her awake, the last thing he had told her.  
She was leaning against the mast, wondering what Faith had looked like and how she compared, when the sun peaked over the eastern horizon.  Stretching and looking around in the new morning night, something caught her eye.  She squinted out at the white specs in the south.  
“Hey, Pete,” she shouted down.  The sailor was sitting on the deck, his head bent and his back against the gunwale.  
“Pete, wake up!” she snapped.  He suddenly sat upright and looked around. “Up here!” she called.
“Aaron?  What do you want?” he barked.
“Ship on the southern horizon!” she hollered.  Pete jumped to his feet and ran to the railing.  
“I think she’s a sloop,” he shouted up.  
It wasn’t long before most of the crew was on deck staring at the sails off the starboard side.  Anne finished her shift and went to the galley to get some porridge.  Too tired from her sleepless night to care about the approaching sloop, she retired to her hammock.

Anne immediately noticed a change in the crew when she emerged from below deck after her nap.  The men of the port shift ran about, following all of Mr. Edwards’ hasty commands.  They heaved on the ropes, while others climbed up the masts to take in sail. Members of the starboard crew stood at the railing, watching the approaching ship.  Anne suddenly realized that the deck was cluttered with weapons of all sorts, and many of the men had begun arming themselves.  A few sailors hung from the rigging, pistols draped across their chests and muskets in hand.  Captain Rackham stood on the quarterdeck, studying the sloop through a spyglass.
Danny came up the steps behind her, his arms loaded from his trip to the arsenal.  
“What’s happened?” she demanded.
“Where’ve you been, Aaron?” he exclaimed.  “Edwards called all hands to the deck half an hour ago.”
“I was sleeping,” she answered innocently.  “What’s going on?”
“Pirates,” he said curtly.  “Spanish from the looks of them.  We’re tacking ’round now to meet them.”  Anne’s heart skipped a beat and she ran to the railing to get a better look.  Danny set down the weapons he was carrying and followed her.  A black flag with white shapes fluttered from the mast of the sloop.
“What does their flag mean?” she asked.  Living in Charles Town, she had learned enough about pirates to know that the symbols on their flags depicted their intentions.
“Well, the dagger means they will fight if we don’t surrender immediately, and the skeleton . . . means that we can expect death,” he explained with a tremor in his voice.  “But Rackham’s been watching them with his glass and says we have them outgunned,” he said a bit more confidently.  “They’re mad to come after us.  It’s probably because we’re sailing low in the water and they can tell we have a lot of cargo.  It’s likely their captain needs a raid to boost their spirits and prevent them from mutinying.”  Anne nodded unconvincingly.  “Don’t worry,” he clapped her on the shoulder. “We’ll have them captured in no time,” he said as he ran off to arm himself.
Edwards hollered an order to the sailors on the port crew.  The whole deck tilted, and the booms creaked on the masts.  The sails slackened and then puffed out in the wind.  The bow sheered through the waves as The King’s Fortitude turned full around and pointed south so it was face to face with the pirate sloop.  With the wind at their backs they approached it rapidly.
She squinted out at the ship.  Grotesque looking pirates hung over the railings and in the riggings, hollering and brandishing their weapons.  They were drawing closer by the second and Anne suddenly realized she would soon have to fight one of them.  A chill ran down her spine.  She bolted to the side, leaned over the railing, and deposited her morning’s helping of porridge into the choppy waters below.  Her skin crawled and became clammy.  She took a few deep breaths of sea air and then wretched again, spewing into the ocean.
A firm hand caught her upper arm and pulled her upright.  Another wiped the loose hairs away from her face.
“Are you all right, Anne?” James asked.  She spat over the side, trying to clear her mouth of the bitter taste.  She flushed with embarrassment at her weak stomach and nerves. 
“Yes, I’ll be fine,” she lied.  Members of the crew began assembling at the railing, preparing to meet their attackers.  James pulled her away from the rail and the anxious sailors.  They hid behind the main mast, out of ears shot.
“Listen to me, Anne,” he said hastily. He brought his face close to hers and studied her with his stormy gray eyes, making her forget where she was.  “Just because you are afraid, does not make you a coward.  You are the bravest woman I’ve ever met.  I know you can do this.  Pretend it’s one of your lessons.”  Her heart pounded so hard Anne thought her ribs would break, but she managed a weak nodded.
“Here,” he said, handing her a sword.  The weight of the blade in her hand suddenly made her feel much braver.  “I’ll try to stay near and help if you get into trouble, but do me a favor and try to find someone your own size to fight.”  Despite all of her nerves, Anne smirked.
“Men to your guns.  Be ready to meet them on the starboard side,” Edwards shouted.  The sailors scrambled to position, unsheathing their weapons and crowding at the starboard rail.
“Take this, too,” James said, unfastening the pistol from his hip and wrapping his arms around her to strap it to her waist.  “Just in case,” he said with a pained look.  Anne didn’t want him to leave, but he ran to the front of the crowd to be first at the railing.  Anne watched him disappear and then got into position herself.  She stood behind a few sailors at the foot of the steps leading to the quarterdeck, thinking it would be safest since it would be the last part of the ship to make contact with the pirate sloop.  
She shielded her eyes from the sun and squinted up at the men on the quarterdeck, waiting for an order.  Edwards stood next to Captain Rackham, shouting last minute commands and surveying the approaching ship.  The captain held firmly to the helm, he too watched the pirate ship approach, but had a peculiar look on his face.  Anne couldn’t quite place the emotion.  It wasn’t anxiety or bravery, but something menacing and hungry.
“Sharpshooters at the ready,” the quarter master called up into the rigging.  “A warning shot now . . . take your marks . . . fire!”
The shots echoed across the open water and were followed by an eerie moment of silence.  Through the few seconds of unsettling quiet that seemed to last an eternity, Anne could hear her heart beat wildly, sending her blood coursing through her veins.  Finally, the pirates replied with musket fire and terrifying cries that seemed to set the whole battle into action.  The crew of The King’s Fortitude returned fire with a roar of their own, and to Anne’s surprise, she hollered along with them.  As the ships drew closer the fire became more frequent and deadly.  A few members of the pirate crew had dropped to their deck and one of the men in the rigging of The King’s Fortitude had fallen from the main yard with a musket ball in his stomach.
The deck shuddered beneath Anne’s feet as shot ripped through the lower decks.  She stole a glance up at the quarterdeck, anticipating Edwards command, but he gave no orders.  A cheer rang from the pirate deck when The King’s Fortitude didn’t return gun fire.  As the ships pulled up next to each other, the pirates latched onto the privateer using grappling hooks and began swarming over the side in droves.
Anne tightened her fist around the handle of her sword as she carefully watched the scene around her, waiting for an opportunity to fight.  In front of her the pirates attempted to break through the line of sailors, hollering and slashing with their weapons.  She tried not to see the faces of her crewmates fighting around her.  She knew if she recognized one of the fallen she wouldn’t be able to concentrate.  Her breathing was deep and slow despite her galloping heart.
Suddenly a pirate broke out of the crowd and ran towards the quarterdeck.  Though instinct told her otherwise, Anne darted in front of him, bringing the blade of her sword down on his cutlass.  She had caught him off guard and he backed off a few paces.  In the second it took him to regain his bearings, Anne surveyed him.  He had Danny’s build, short, but broad shouldered.  He wielded a curved cutlass, designed to take down an enemy quickly.  She knew he probably wasn’t a very good swordsman, relying on his strength and not speed or skill.
He lunged at Anne, swiping down diagonally, as if to imbed his weapon in her left collar bone.  His move was hasty and clumsy and Anne parried it away easily.  He slashed at her the other direction and she blocked his blade.  Anne could see his frustration rising as he brought his weapon down on her again and again.  Each time she stopped his attempt short.  She began making small attacks of her own, breaking through his defense.  
Finally, out of impatience, the pirate lunged forward, trying to skewer Anne through the abdomen.  With a quick movement of her wrist, she caught the hilt of his cutlass with the tip of her sword and ripped the weapon out of his hands, the way James had disarmed her the day before.  The pirate stared at his empty hand for a moment, and then scrambled for the hatchet that hung at his hip.  But before he could rearm himself, Anne had dropped her sword, drawn her pistol, and pulled the trigger.  
Anne could hear Edwards and Captain Rackham shouting orders to the crew, but she couldn’t distinguish what they were saying.  She knew there were other men falling on the decks around her, but she couldn’t turn her head to see who.  All she could do was look at the growing scarlet stain on the chest of her attacker as he collapsed at her feet.  He stared up at her with wide pain stricken eyes as he took short raspy breaths, blood dribbling out of his mouth and down his chin.  She watched in horror as his eyes went blank and his body suddenly became limp.
Footfalls on the steps behind her caught her attention.  She glanced around and realized that the fighting had stopped.  All the pirates lay dead or wounded on the deck or were disarmed and kneeling in defeat.
“Well done, Mr. Pierce,” Edwards muttered, clapping her on the back as he walked past her.
“Thank you, sir,” she replied in a wavering voice.  She suddenly made the connection that the pirate she had killed was on his way to the helm to attack Edwards and Rackham when she stopped him.
Time seemed to slow down and noises became muffled as Anne watched her crewmates lay the pirates’ bodies in a row and throw noosed ropes over the yard arms to be used on the captured pirates.  She was aware that orders were being made and that she should follow them, but she couldn’t seem to get her body to cooperate.  Her knees began to wobble and pin pricks of light distorted her vision.  The pistol dropped from her hand and landed with a thump on the deck.  Her body soon followed.
She squinted at the blurred shapes moving above her.  She willed herself to focus, but the rest of her refused to respond.  She could barely make out the familiar voices through the fuzzy noise buzzing in her ears.
“Is he all right?”
“Was he hurt?”
“First time . . . weak stomach.”
“I’ve got him,” a voice said.  Anne felt herself being lifted and thrown over someone’s shoulder.  Letting go of her remaining consciousness, her eyes fell shut.
Moments later she awoke as someone tried to lay her in a hammock.  She jolted into a sitting position and looked about.  James stood over her, his face creased with concern.
“What happened?” she asked, suddenly feeling very clearheaded.
“Are you all right? Are you hurt?” he demanded.
“I think I’m fine,” she replied, looking down at her arms and legs, half expecting to see blood.
“You fainted,” he explained.  “I brought you down here so that no one could take you to the surgeon.  He would have discovered you no doubt.”
Anne nodded in agreement and tried to remember what had happened on deck.  She looked up at James and suddenly noticed the purple bruise growing on his face.
“What happened to your eye?”  He felt his face and winced a little.
“A bloke punched me.  I got his weapon away from him, but he took a swing at me before I could finish him off,” he explained.  Anne found this hard to believe and it must have showed.  James flushed slightly.  “I wasn’t at my best today.  I was distracted and made some errors.  Luckily, this was the worse of them,” he said, pointing at his eye.
“Distracted?” Anne asked.
“I kept trying to watch you . . . to make sure you were not in trouble.”
“Oh,” Anne replied bashfully.  Suddenly she remembered what happened on deck.  “James,” she gasped, “I’ve killed a man!”  The horrific look on the pirate’s face as he collapsed at her feet flooded her mind and tears began to burn her eyes.  She had taken the life of another.  During her lessons she had never anticipated having to actually kill someone, only defend herself.  A terrible sinking feeling filled her as she realized she had crossed a threshold that she could not cross back over.  She was no longer a child, no longer innocent.  Big salty tears streamed down her cheeks, even though she wasn’t completely sure why she was crying.  
“Anne!” James exclaimed, surprised by her reaction.  He knelt on the ground next to her hammock and took her hands in his.  “Everything is all right.  You’re safe.  You handled yourself wonderfully.  The poor devil didn’t stand a chance,” he said, trying to comfort her.  She shook her head.
“It’s not that,” she managed to choke out.  “I’m a murderer now.”  She could see his face fall when she said ‘murderer,’ but it was too late to take the words back.
“You mustn’t feel guilty, Anne,” he said after a moment.  “If you had not taken his life he would have taken yours.  All the pirates are being hung as we speak, either way he would have met the same fate.”  Although his reasoning was sound, it didn’t make Anne feel any better.  Tears still ran hard and fast down her cheeks.  She didn’t want this life anymore.  She wanted to go home.
James released his held breath and studied her with his stormy eyes.  Anne didn’t resist when he pulled her out of the hammock and onto his lap.  She buried her face in his shoulder, soaking his shirt with her tears.  He held her like a child and rocked her back and forth.
“Anne, it’s all right . . . you did what you had to,” he whispered.  “It’s all over, you’re safe now.  I’m right here.  I won’t let anyone hurt you,” he murmured over her cries.
Soon the soothing motion of his hand rubbing her shoulder and the slow gentle rocking helped to ease Anne’s crying.  She sniffled a little as a few more tears trickled over her cheeks.
“It’s all right . . . I’m right here,” he whispered, and then gently pressed his lips to her temple.  Anne felt chills spread all down her skin and her tears stopped instantly.  All the guilt and fear she had been feeling suddenly disappeared, and a warm soft exhilarating sensation surged through her.  James noticed the change in Anne and pulled away from her.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, as Anne turned to look him in the face. 
“Don’t be,” she replied, closing the distance between their lips.
Anne had been kissed before.  There was a reason she was known as the neighborhood coquette, but she had never experienced anything like James before.  The way his mouth shaped around hers made Anne want to stay on his lap for the rest of time.  
They stopped for a moment and Anne gasped, feeling like she’d been knocked off her feet.  He wove his fingers through her hair and she parted his lips with hers.  Her mind seemed to be on fire while the rest of her felt as if it had turned to liquid and was going to slip between the cracks in the deck.  Her heart jumped in her chest at the realization that she loved someone and there was a possibility of him loving her.  
After a few minutes that felt like a few seconds to Anne, James pushed her away.
“Sorry,” she panted, blushing at the realization of how forward she was being.  James’s brow knit together and he shushed her.  She held her breath and listened.  Footfalls on the deck above indicated someone was heading towards the sleeping cabin.  She scrambled to her feet and attempted to control her rapid breathing.  James had just gotten to his feet when Mr. Isenhart clambered down the steps into the cabin, carrying an armful of weapons.  Sensing something odd, he stared at the pair for a moment.
“How’s he doing?” he finally asked, nodding at Anne.
“He’s better,” James replied quickly.  “First time in combat . . . it’s a bit overwhelming, isn’t it?” he asked Anne, his tone becoming stern and fatherly.
“A bit,” she nodded weakly.
“A privateer’s no place for those with weak stomachs,” Mr. Isenhart scoffed, heading towards the arsenal.  “Captain wants all hands on deck.  You two better get up there.”
Anne and James arrived on deck to find all the crew assembled below the quarterdeck.  The pirate bodies were nowhere to be seen, and Anne assumed they were at the bottom of the sea.  Rackham addressed them from above.  His eyes glinted with the pleasure of the successful capture as he paced back and forth along the railing.
“Our ship is far too full to take on the cargo of another ship.  We are bursting at the seams as it is.  However, I’m not about to leave a well-built ship with a hull full of cargo in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, either.  It seems to me that we have no other option,” he stopped pacing, “but to split the crew.”  A wary murmur passed through the sailors.  The captain cleared his throat and they fell silent again.
“The port crew will stay aboard The King’s Fortitude with Mr. Edwards.  He is your captain for the time being, gentlemen.  I expect you to treat him as such.  Mr. Isenhart will be his quarter master.  The starboard crew will come aboard the captured ship with me.”  Anne noticed there was something different in the way Rackham was speaking.  His tone was less direct and more mischievous.  She glanced at James, whose eyes were narrowed with suspicion.
“This is a temporary arrangement,” he continued.  “The nearest port is along the African coast.  We will make berth at one of the trading posts, where we will attempt to make our cargo more portable so it will all fit on board The King’s Fortitude.  From there we will return to England.”
The crew began to disperse, muttering to each other.  Many wore the same distrustful expression as James.
“Starboard, collect your belongings and board the other ship,” Edwards hollered.  Anne felt a small surge of panic.  She met James’ eyes.  He too looked worried.  She shuffled down to the sleeping cabin with the other members of the starboard crew to pack up her belongings.  She couldn’t help but overhear their conversations. 
“He’s mad,” one said, “he should sink the pirate ship and continue to England as planned.  At this rate we’ll be at sea for an extra four weeks.”
“Perhaps their cargo is something rare . . .”
“Even if it is, he’s hoping to trade at a slaving port.  There are no grounds for going to a slaving port unless you’re looking for slaves.”
“Or gold,” another chimed in.
“But that wouldn’t be lightening the hull now would it.  He says he wants to sail back to England in The King’s Fortitude, but his reasoning is nonsense.  We are two ships now.  He has a fleet!”
“I never trusted the man . . .”
Anne finished stuffing her belongings into her haversack and threw it over her shoulder.  As she made her way back to the main hatch, she felt a hand on her arm.
“Are you all right?” James asked, pulling her into a dark corner of the sleeping cabin.
“I’ll be fine,” she whispered.
“Be careful,” he warned.  “Rackham’s up to something.  Keep an eye on him.”
She nodded.  She felt like crying, but she had cried enough for one day.  She knew now was the time to be brave.  She turned away so James couldn’t see her struggling with tears.  He grabbed her shoulders and brought his face close to hers.
“Starboard crew, prepare to board,” they heard Edwards shout.
James let out a heavy sigh and glanced warily at the deck above.
“Take care of yourself, Anne,” he whispered.  He hesitated for a moment as he studied her face, then hastily pressed his lips to her forehead.
“You too,” she murmured pathetically, looking up at him with watery eyes.  She unwillingly turned from him to join the rest of the crew.
From the deck of the pirate ship, which she soon discovered was called La Domina, Anne watched The King’s Fortitude sail on ahead.  She felt very small and alone, despite the familiar crew around her.  But she didn’t have time to linger on it, Rackham immediately set them to work, running up sails and taking in rope.  Soon they were on course for Africa.
“You know, I’ve been thinking,” Danny muttered to Anne that night at dinner.  “If we were caught by another privateer or the Navy right now, we could all of us be hung.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“Well, Rackham hasn’t got a letter of marque for La Domina.  He’s got a hull full of stolen cargo and no way of proving that he’s working for the king.”
“So we could all be hung?” Anne said skeptically.
“Aaron, aside from the black flag, right now we’re no better than common pirates,” he murmured seriously.  His words sent a shiver down her spine.
“You’re right,” Anne exclaimed, her mouth falling open.  Rackham himself had told Anne that a privateer without a letter of marque from the king was nothing but a buccaneer.
“Does Rackham realize that?” she asked.
“Well it would be unlike him to overlook it,” he replied.  James’ farewell warning echoed in the back of her mind and she shivered again.  Rackham’s behavior was becoming peculiarly careless, and it made Anne uneasy.
Try as she might, Anne couldn’t seem to shake her suspicions of the captain.  She followed James’ advice and watched Rackham, but her efforts proved fruitless.  She mulled over Danny’s realization and wondered if James had come to the same one.  She found it frustrating that she was only a few leagues behind him and yet she was unable to speak with him.  James knew more of Rackham and his past than she.  She was sure he would have some helpful insight that would explain the captain’s peculiar behavior.  
Despite all the other things weighing on her mind, every once in a while Anne found herself giddy, thinking about her last day aboard The King’s Fortitude with James.  The passage to Africa only took two weeks, yet if felt much longer to Anne and by the time they arrived in the slave port she was desperate to talk to him.
She clambered down the rope ladder to the pier and instantly noticed two things, the stench and the moving boards beneath her feet.  Her steps were crooked and clumsy.  She staggered towards the land, but it didn’t feel any sturdier than the pier.  A few onlookers snickered, but Anne ignored them when she saw the source of the rancid smell.
A big black frigate floated in the harbor as lines of enslaved Africans were forced onto its decks.  Their hands were tied and they were chained around the necks, like dogs.  A woman cried out in a language Anne couldn’t understand as a child, no more than two years old was wretched out of her arms.  Anne’s eyes widened as the woman was beaten until she quieted.  A lump rose in Anne’s throat.  Her family owned slaves, lots of slaves.  For an instant she could see the beaten woman bending in the fields to pick cotton on her father’s plantation or setting the table in her mother’s dining room.  She shuddered and turned away from the horrific sight.  
Wobbly-legged, she walked down the street in search of James.  She could see the masts of The King’s Fortitude further down the shore.  She took off in a sprint thinking he would be waiting at the ship for her.  She noticed that aside from their two ships all the other vessels in the harbor seemed to be for slaving.  Dashing around a stack of crates she collided into the very person she wanted to see.
“Anne!” he exclaimed, as she tried to apologize and keep running.  “I noticed the ship came in and . . .”
“James, thank God,” she cried.  She was relieved to find that it was like they hadn’t spent two weeks apart.  A shadow of a bruise still darkened the skin under his eye.  “You were right.  Rackham’s up to no good.  He’s been sailing La Domina without a letter of marque.  Danny says we could be hung for piracy.  I think Rackham is considering turning pirate.”
“Yes, I believe you are right, but not just considering, I’m quite sure he’s made up his mind,” James answered in a hushed tone.  “But Anne, I must ask you . . .” Anne found satisfaction in being correct in her assumptions, but then another thought crossed her mind.
“What are we to do?” she exclaimed, interrupting him.  “Rackham cannot think we are all willing to turn pirate with him?”
“Actually, he does.” James let out a heavy sigh.  “He was being somewhat humane by bringing us here.”
“How do mean?” she asked in a shaky voice.
“If he had turned pirate while out at sea, the only other option for those hard set against piracy would have been death.  Now those who refuse to turn pirate can chose to stay behind,” he explained.  “It isn’t much of an option, though.  I doubt anyone will stay behind.  The chance of an English bound ship stopping is small.  The only ships that come to Africa are slavers sailing to the colonies.  So if you wanted to make your way back to South Carolina . . .”
“No!” she gasped.  The thought of spending six weeks at sea in a slave frigate made her skin crawl.  She knew that many of the slaves and crew often died on the voyage simply from disease.
“Staying here isn’t much better,” he replied, seeing the terror on her face.  “Malaria.”  Anne’s mind began racing.  Once again she was terrified of the lifestyle to which she had condemned herself.  “Anne, I know all of this is quite a lot to handle, but I have to ask you something.”
“What have you chosen?” she asked, looking up at him with wild eyes.  He seemed very anxious, yet he answered her question.
“I plan to return to sea with Rackham,” he said softly.
“You’d turn pirate?” she whispered.  He nodded.  He looked sad and almost ashamed.
“Anne, I have something very important to ask you,” he pressed.  Anne forced herself to silence the numerous questions popping into her head and listened to James.  
“A man like me doesn’t have much to live for . . . when I was younger riches had a certain appeal, but losing Faith took away that desire.”  He stopped and furrowed his brow as he collected his thoughts.  “The past few years . . . I’ve been without a purpose.  Aside from a bite to eat, a place to lay my head, and the open sky, I haven’t wanted anything.  Nothing moved me forward.”
“The prospect of treasure would give you purpose?” Anne asked hesitantly, trying to decipher his words.
“No,” he quickly replied.  “Well, yes, sort of but . . . Anne you . . .” He stopped again and studied Anne with what appeared to her to be a look of desperation.  “I know if things were as they should be, a poor sailor like me would have no place talking to a lady like you, but . . . ever since I witnessed you explaining to Rackham why you ran away from home . . . to take ahold of your own life, I have had nothing but admiration and respect for you . . . even if I didn’t always act like it.”  Anne smirked despite all the emotions that had begun running through her.
“I suppose it was because I was trying so hard to mask how desperately in love I am with you,” he said, smiling meekly.
Anne’s heart leapt in her chest, and her face broke into an expression that was somewhere between shock and pleasure.  He reached for her hands, and Anne gladly gave them.
“Happiness was something I hadn’t experienced in a long while, and even in this wretched situation Rackham’s put us in, I’m blinded by it.  I know you’re not the sort of girl . . . woman who needs looking after.  In fact, I’ve no doubt that you’ve the will and the wit to fend for yourself wherever life may take you, but when a man meets someone like you, it makes him want to make something of himself . . . do you see?”
“I think so,” Anne replied blushing, her heart still racing.
“I’m willing and want to turn pirate, so I can take care of the both of us.”
“Us?” Anne smiled.  James returned the smile.
“I know you were raised a proper lady and you deserve so much better than a wretched tar like me, but I would like to marry you, Anne.”
“Marriage?” Anne breathed, unable to stop herself from smiling.  She hadn’t expected a confession of love and a proposal all in the same conversation.  It was funny, she had been proposed to a handful of times before, but she never remembered feeling this intoxicated by the idea of it.  She couldn’t even think straight to articulate her feelings to the man in front of her for whom she now harbored so much love.
“Yes, marriage,” James smiled.  “Like I said, I know you were raised a proper lady and I want to treat you as such.  I don’t want you to think I’m taking advantage of your innocence.  I want to marry you so that whenever we get to London or the colonies or wherever it is you want to go, we can take our share of the treasure and start an honest life as man and wife.”  Anne’s heart was so full she was sure it would burst.
“Yes!” she exclaimed, finally able to find words.  “Yes, I will marry you, James.”
A brilliant smile broke across James’ face.  He scooped her up into his arms and kissed her.
“I guess this means I’m turning pirate,” she murmured between kisses. 


Chapter 12

For the seventh day in a row, Mary watched the sun set as a pirate.  She squinted at the glittering black water, her face creased with frustration.  She hated Jupiter’s Vengeance.  She hated being a pirate and having to live with them.  She hated that once again her life had been pulled out from under her feet and that loved ones had been ripped away from her.  At times she even hated herself for choosing piracy over death.
“May I join you?” a voice asked, breaking Mary out of her gloomy stupor.  
“Sure,” Mary muttered, letting out a heavy sigh. Nathaniel Locke leaned on the railing next to her, his face placid as he stared out at the smooth sea.
“Don’t mind me asking,” he probed after a moment of silence, “but have you always been this . . . grim?”
A smirk twisted Mary’s lips.  Nathaniel was the only thing about Jupiter’s Vengeance that she didn’t hate.
“No,” she replied, “Only since I’ve become a pirate.”
“That’s understandable,” he nodded.
“It’s frustrating,” she explained.  “I should’ve never chosen this life.  From here on out, anything I do will end in death.  I’ll either be killed taking over another ship, murdered by one of my own crewmates, or hung for piracy when we’re finally captured by the King’s Navy.  The worst part is I chose piracy because I was faced with death.”
“But isn’t that true of everybody?”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“Well, every minute you live you’re one step closer to death.  Everybody has to die eventually, and if you spend your whole life worrying about how and when it’s going to happen . . . it’s not much of a life then,” he answered quizzically.
Mary snorted at his logic.  Nathaniel could be rather philosophical at times and he was always unrealistically optimistic.  Whether he was navigating or not he always had one eye on the skies.  Odd as he was, he was the only one onboard with whom Mary could have a civilized conversation.  The rest of the crew, including Mr. Thorpe, who had adjusted quickly to a pirate’s life, was more vulgar and barbaric than she cared to converse with.
“Is that why you’re always so cheerful?” she asked, her voice thick with sarcasm.  “Or is that since you’ve turned pirate?”  
“Sorry,” he said, as she dampened his mood.  “I thought you could use some cheering up.  You seemed to be moping more than usual tonight.”
Mary didn’t reply.  She set her gaze out at the western horizon and tried to ignore Nathaniel.  They watched the sun sink into the water in silence before he began speaking again.
“What I can’t figure out is how a young man like you can be so angry at a world he’s seen so little of.”
“If a man’s only seen the worst of the world how can you expect him to love it?” she retorted.
“Have you only seen its worst, Mark?”  Hearing her brother’s name reminded her of how many hardships she had endured.
“More bad than good,” she sneered.  Nathaniel watched her expectantly.  She heaved a sigh.
“My life has been a parade of deaths.  When I was young it was my father and my brother.  When I was a bit older, my mother and grandmother.  A few months ago . . . my spouse and daughter.  Staying in London was too painful, so I joined the crew of The Redbird.  No sooner had I begun to smile again, than we were captured by Captain Penning.”  Finishing, she turned back to look at the sea.  Nathaniel leaned his back against the gunwale, folded his arms, and turned his face to the sky to watch the stars appear.
“You’ve seen more death than anyone should ever have to,” he finally said.  Mary nodded.  Somehow she felt a bit better having unburdened herself on him.
“What about you?” she asked, trying to move the focus of their conversation away from herself.  “Now you know why I’m grim.  How is it that you’re in a good humor all the time?”
A smile pricked the corners of his mouth as his eyes traced over the constellations appearing above him.
“Well, let’s see,” he began, clearing his throat.  “I also lost my father.  He left my mother and my older brother before I was born.  My mother remarried soon after and my stepfather is the only father I’ve ever known.  I don’t think my mother ever really loved him, but he was wealthy.  He was much like his money, hard and cold.  To this day I feel guilty thinking that my mother only married him to help better provide for my brother and me.”  Mary glimpsed over at Nathaniel.  His eyes were distant as he continued.  She was beginning to feel guilty about her sarcastic remarks.  
“Like you, I also lost my mother.  She died when I was ten and Benjamin was twelve, leaving us with our stepfather.  He had always believed in the effectiveness of a sound lashing, but without my mother there . . . it quickly worsened.  You see, he took to drinking after she died.  Even if she hadn’t loved him, he had loved her.  Benjamin and I had always been close, but after my mother died we became closer.  He took care of me.  He was all I had.  Ben would step in when I was about to get a beating and then often receive it himself.”  
His eyes suddenly focused.  He turned his stare towards Mary and studied her for a moment.  He shook off his jacket and then pulled his shirt over his head.  Mary blushed slightly watching his muscles slide under his skin as he brought his arms over his head.  No sooner had she composed herself than Nathaniel turned around and she gasped.  
Long narrow scars marred his back from shoulders to waist.  They formed crisscross patterns in his skin.  He had obviously been beaten regularly.  Older scars were stretched and faded while newer ones were red and clearly defined.  Her blue eyes widened and she reached up to touch the grotesque lines, but stopped a few inches from his skin.
“Benjamin’s back had twice as many marks,” he said, turning around to face her and pulling his shirt back on.  “One night our stepfather came back late very liquored.  I had gotten in his way and was about to get the tar licked out of me when Ben stepped in.  He was seventeen and had probably seen his little brother beaten one too many times or was finally angry enough at the fiend to stand up to him.  Ben ran at him and knocked him to the ground.  He punched him so many times that our stepfather couldn’t leave the house for weeks because his face was so swollen.  He never tried to beat us again.  Instead he sent us away.  He was affluent enough to send us to a naval academy.  After we finished our schooling we immediately began sailing.  I became a navigator and after only a year as a mate Benjamin was promoted to captain.”
“He must be a very young captain,” Mary remarked.
“He was,” Nathaniel replied.  
“Was?” she breathed.
“Do you remember when I told you that I was the only one from my ship spared when Captain Penning captured us?” he asked.  She nodded nervously.
“Up until very recently my brother was also my captain,” he explained solemnly.  Mary felt a pang in her chest. 
“I’m sorry,” she murmured.
He nodded, blinking hard.  A grim smile spread across his face.  “The first night Penning kept me locked in the brig, I was a wreck.  There I was, a full grown man weeping like a babe.  I could not have cared less what the pirates did to me from then on.  I had lost the most important person in my life.”  He shifted his gaze from the water to Mary, making her feel uneasy.  “It was then I realized that hope was all I had left. I still miss Ben terribly, but lamenting his death or my unfortunate circumstances will not change anything, so I’ve learned to keep my chin up.  Ben was always good at keeping his chin up.”  Mary sucked in a shaky breath.  Her ears burned with the shame of having judged him.
“Nathaniel, I never should have mocked you.  If I’d but known . . .” she fumbled.  “I’m sorry.”
“It’s no matter,” he replied.  He gave her a warm smile and she felt relieved.  A reluctant smile twisted her lips as well.
Over the next few days Mary saw a change in herself.  Nathaniel’s tale was sobering, and it made her realize how childish and selfish she had been.  She wasn’t the only one to have experienced loss.  Knowing that someone else onboard could share how she felt seemed to lessen the hurt.  She made an effort to smile at Nathaniel whenever she saw him.
He began joining her in the evenings when she stood at the railing to watch the sun set.  They discussed all sorts of things, but neither of them ever mentioned their hardships.  Nathaniel was always curious for her opinion.  They turned out to be very like-minded.  Being a good listener and very observant, he could often guess her thoughts before she spoke them.  Mary felt that he somehow knew the inside of her mind better than she did.  This worried her.  She didn’t want him to deduce too much about her.  After all, she was a walking secret.
On clear evenings, once all the stars had come out, Nathaniel would share astronomical navigational skills with her.  He taught her how to find north and measure the latitudes.  As the fall constellations began to creep into the sky he would point them out to her and share their stories.
“That’s Andromeda,” he said one night, tracing his fingers between the distant specs of light.  “She was the daughter of King Cepheus and Queen Cassiopeia.  Her father chained her to a rock as a sacrifice to one of Poseidon’s sea monsters.”
“Why would he do that?” Mary asked, trying to find the form of a woman amongst the stars he had indicated.
“Well, the queen loved to brag about her daughter.  You see, Andromeda was a beautiful girl.  It’s rumored that she had golden curls that shined like wheat fields, and bright blue eyes, deeper than the ocean.  When she smiled she melted the hearts of men.”  Nathaniel glanced coyly at Mary.  She nodded, prompting him to continue, hoping that the resemblance between herself and his description of Andromeda was a coincidence.  She felt herself blush a little.  
He continued, “Cassiopeia was proud to have such a lovely daughter and was overheard claiming that Andromeda was more beautiful than the Nereids, Poseidon’s sea-nymphs.  When Poseidon heard this he was insulted and sent a sea monster to destroy their city.  In desperation, Cepheus chained his daughter to the rocky coast, hoping the monster would take Andromeda, the source of the trouble, and leave the rest of the city in peace.”
“Poor girl,” Mary murmured.
“But the story has a happy ending,” he assured her.  “The hero, Perseus, was returning home from having slain Medusa and saw the king’s daughter chained to the rock.  He fought the sea monster, freed Andromeda, and married her.  When she died it is said that Athena, the goddess of wisdom, made Andromeda a place in the stars.  She’s surrounded by her family.”  He pointed out more constellations.  “That one’s Perseus.  Those are her parents, Cepheus and Cassiopeia.  There is even the sea monster . . .”
“Mr. Locke,” a voice snapped behind them.  They turned around to see Mr. Harper, the quarter master, strolling towards them.  “You’re not distracting Mr. Read from his duties, I hope?”  Mary was on watch, but there were no imminent tasks to be done on deck.  She cringed, thinking Mr. Harper would give her a chore to do, having caught her idle on her shift.
“No, sir,” Nathaniel replied innocently.  “I was taking advantage of the clear night to teach Mark a bit about navigation and the stars.”
“I see,” Mr. Harper answered dryly.  “You may carry on then I suppose, but look sharp, Mr. Read.”
“Aye, sir,” she replied.
The quarter master turned and walked back across the deck.  He stopped at the doors of the captain’s cabin, located under the quarterdeck, and knocked for admittance.  Mr. Thorpe, who had evidently already been visiting with Captain Penning, let in Mr. Harper.  He surveyed the deck with an apprehensive glance before refastening the doors.
Both Mary and Nathaniel noticed his anxious behavior and exchanged a look.  Having the same thought, they trod on silent feet to the captain’s cabin without exchanging a word.  There they lounged outside the door in the shadowy space beneath the stairs, listening to the men’s hushed conversation.
“He’s gone straight,” a voice that could only belong to Mr. Thorpe grumbled.  “He’s working for the king as a privateer.  Last I heard he was returning to England after patrolling the Americas.  When he was pirate he did most of his dealings in the Bahamas.  He’s no doubt heavy with treasure now, if he’s coming from the south pacific.”
“Jack’s gone straight,” the slippery voice of Captain Penning mused.  “Did he accept the King’s pardon?”
“No, Captain. He wasn’t known as a gentleman of fortune in England.  He simply returned, disposed of his treasure, and then offered himself and his crew to the King’s Navy.  I don’t think he was willing to continue risking his neck dealing in . . . illicit activities,” Mr. Thorpe chose his words carefully.  “Can’t say he’d make the most honest privateer, though.  He’s likely keeping a stash or two for himself.”
“You think he would make a ripe capture?” Penning asked.
“Aye, Captain,” he answered.  The captain remained quiet, but Mary could hear his boots clicking on the floor as he walked about the cabin.
“I trust I have you in confidence,” the captain finally spoke.  The two men murmured the affirmative.  Mary had almost forgotten Mr. Harper was present.  He had remained silent through the conversation.
“The crew is growing weary, and we’re not even half way to Nassau.  I know they tire of making captures like The Redbird, silly merchant ships with only buttons and tea kettles for treasure.  Some tire of the sea.  They want to go ashore and spend their share of the treasure.  However, since the king has passed stricter laws against piracy and the harbors are more closely monitored, it is very unlikely we can sail into England undetected.  I believe that the only way we could return to England is by accepting the King’s pardon.” He paused for a short moment, but the clicking of his boots continued.  “However, making a capture of a ship like Jack’s would also raise the crews’ spirit and cure their restlessness, no doubt.  Which do you suppose the crew might favor, Mr. Harper?”
“The crew is tired of running and as you said we are still a long ways from Nassau,” Mr. Harper answered heavily.  “Accepting the pardon would be wise.  Those who wish to continue have the option of privateering, others can jump ship once we reach land . . .”
“We don’t know for certain we would receive his pardon, though,” interrupted Mr. Thorpe, his voice growing louder and now easily audible from where Mary and Nathaniel stood.
“What is the King’s pardon?” Mary whispered.  Nathaniel kept his eyes on the cabin door as he answered her.
“The king is willing to pardon a pirate who comes before him and agrees to give up piracy and privateer for the Navy.”
“They’re excused,” she breathed, feeling a rush of hope.
“Most are,” he whispered.  “There are exceptions of course.”
“Like what?” she tried to ask, but Nathaniel shushed her and pulled her back to their spot at the rail just as Mr. Thorpe and Mr. Harper burst through the doors of the cabin.  They glanced warily at Mary and Nathaniel and seemed to be ill-at-ease with each other.  As soon as they disappeared below decks Mary began whispering excitedly to her companion.
“Do you think Penning will accept the pardon?”
“It’s hard to say,” Nathaniel replied.  Not out of the ordinary, his eyes had become distant and Mary felt as if he were looking straight through her.  She had learned that when he wore that expression he was deep in thought and best left alone.  She knew speaking to him was a vain attempt because she would only receive a fragmented, incoherent response.
She leaned against the railing next to him, wondering what he was mulling over in his mind, when he suddenly stood up straight.
“Good night, Mark,” he said abruptly and left.  Mary stared after him as he strode across the deck and disappeared through the main hatch.
“G’night,” she called after him half-heartedly.  She sighed, somewhat used to his peculiar behavior, and leaned against the railing again to watch Andromeda’s reflection in the water.
The next day the mood of the ship had changed entirely.  The crew could sense the anxiety of the captain and mate, a dangerous thing aboard a ship.  It hinted at the opportunity of mutiny.  Aside from Nathaniel and herself, Mary wasn’t aware of anyone else who had observed the hasty meeting in the captain’s cabin the night before, yet everyone seemed to know of what it entailed.  Mary caught many whispers of conversations as she went about her morning chores.
After her shift she sought out Nathaniel.  She was curious as to why he had run off the night before and what had been the product of his deep thought.  She was informed by a rather irritable Jim that the navigator had been put to work by the captain.  He was in Mr. Harper’s cabin looking over charts and maps, and they were not to be disturbed.  On hearing this, Mary gave up her search and resolved to idle away her time in the sleeping cabin.  She was stretching in her hammock after a short nap, when a member of the crew popped his head down into the cabin.
“Captain wants all hands on deck,” he shouted.  Mary shot up out of her hammock and scrambled up the steps to the main deck.  Squinting at the bright afternoon sunlight, she watched as members of the crew gathered together in small muttering groups. Each of their faces was painted with the same leery expression.  
The men quieted as the captain’s cabin door swung open.  Captain Penning, Mr. Harper, and Nathaniel stepped out onto the deck and Mary realized that she was about to witness and partake in some sort of debate regarding the fate of Jupiter’s Vengeance.
Nathaniel stood beside the captain.  He caught Mary’s eye, but she couldn’t quite read his expression.  She thought he looked apologetic.
“Gentlemen,” Penning began, “although I’m not sure how you know, it has come to my attention that you are aware of my thoughts on the King’s pardon.”  He glanced from Mr. Thorpe to Mary.  Mary hadn’t told anyone what she had heard, but she felt guilty nonetheless.  “I also know you are restless.  I would be stupid to think that one or two of you haven’t whispered of mutiny lately.  In light of this, I thought it best we meet to discuss our options as a crew.  We all have a share in the ship’s cargo, so it is only fair that everyone has the opportunity to speak their thoughts.  The way I see it we have two options.  First, we can sail back to England and ask for the King’s pardon.  I know many of you are ready to return to land.  I would be willing to go ashore, split the shares and let those of you who wish to leave the crew do so.”  Mary felt a premature surge of relief.  The captain continued. 
“The second option is one that Mr. Thorpe has brought to my attention.  He has reason to believe that a well-stocked privateering vessel is heading back to England after its voyage to the Americas.  It would make for a worthwhile capture and provide us with an interesting challenge.  Their captain is pirate turned privateer,” he explained with an alluring inflection.
“Let’s get the coward,” a sailor barked from the crowd.  The crew began to shuffle with excitement at Penning’s second suggestion.
“At my request, Mr. Locke has calculated what he thinks to be the privateer’s course.  If you decide to pursue it, we will redirect our course to cut them off.  If not, we will simply set our sails for England.  I will now open the matter for discussion.”  Mr. Thorpe was not hesitant to speak and stepped out of the crowd.
“We should pursue the privateer at once.  It would be foolish of us to let this opportunity go to waste.  Think of what we might gain.  Aren’t you tired of capturing worthless merchant ships?  If I’m going to risk my neck either at the gallows or in battle, it had best be for something more than bolts of muslin or tea sets.  We hardly have treasure to show for all our work.  If we return to England now it will have been a waste.”  
“Aye,” a few sailors hollered in agreement.
“If a privateer is coming from the Americas, think of the goods she might have, sugar, tobacco, things that will really fetch a price.  Possibly even gold.  Who would like to get their hands on some gold?”
“Aye,” several men cheered.
“What’s more, if we fight we are bound to win.  We are all healthy and have our strength.  Captain Jack’s ship has no doubt been fighting off other pirates all the way back to England.  They will be weary.  Surely we can take them without much of a struggle.”
“They are the King’s men,” Nathaniel interrupted, stepping forward, “and just as hardy as ourselves.  They were once pirates as well.  I have heard of your Captain Jack.  I hear he is no man whose path you want to cross.”
“Aye,” said Mr. Harper, in agreement.  “I have heard likewise.”
Mr. Thorpe glowered at Nathaniel, but then he turned back to the crew and twisted his face into a smile.
“I know Captain Jack personally.  He’s notorious for his devilish nature, but he uses fear to manipulate what he wants of people.  He doesn’t have the courage to back his terrifying reputation.  He will crack, especially if the odds are against him.  He doesn’t like going into a fight he isn’t confident he will win, and in this case the odds are in our favor,” he exclaimed boldly to the crew.  He received an echo of cheers.
“You say you know the man personally?” Nathaniel asked cautiously.  Mr. Thorpe turned to glare at him again.
“Aye,” he growled.
“Then how do we know that this isn’t a trap of some sort?  How do we know that you aren’t luring us to the privateer so he can capture us?  This was your idea.  Why should we trust your word?”
Mr. Thorpe’s face reddened and his eyes bulged in his head.  The crew snapped out of the high Mr. Thorpe had worked them up to and began to murmur to each other.
“Nonsense!” he bellowed, but was otherwise flabbergasted.  Mary stared wide eyed, hoping Mr. Thorpe wouldn’t punch Nathaniel in the nose.
“I do not think Mr. Thorpe is trying to trick us, Mr. Locke,” the quarter master interrupted, coming to the aid of the accused, “but I cannot say I think pursuing the privateer is our wisest option.  Like Nathaniel said, the privateer is one of the king’s ships.  It will no doubt outgun ours, even if they have been through combat.  I am in favor of accepting the pardon.  I know there are those of you who tire of the sea.”  A few sailors nodded in agreement, but Mr. Harper wasn’t getting the support Mr. Thorpe had.  “If we return to England and get the pardon, those of you who want can go, and those of you who wish to continue to sail can privateer.  It is the same job, but on the right side of the law.”
“Ha!” Mr. Thorpe interrupted.  “It is hardly the same job.  Sailors aboard a privateer don’t get a share in the stock.  They’re paid like mercenaries, but the work of a sailor is harder and more dangerous than that of a soldier.  Many privateers are pressed into service.  It is not in our best interest.  What’s more, there’s no guarantee the king will pardon us.  I have heard of pirates going to accept the pardon and hanging in spite of it.  I don’t trust the king.  For all we know, sailing to England is like sailing to our own death,” he argued, once again gaining the support of the crew.
“You are misguiding them, Mr. Thorpe,” Nathaniel replied.  “Returning to England and seeking the pardon is much safer than pursuing a privateer.”
“And then we’d be nothing but cowards!” Mr. Thorpe growled.  “I’d much rather go after the treasure.”
“Aye!” the crew shouted.  A sickening feeling consumed Mary as her hopes for a pardon fell completely.
“Gentleman,” Penning said, calling the men back to attention.  “Would anyone else like to speak?”  Mary wanted to protest, but she knew it was useless.  If the crew couldn’t be swayed by their own quarter master or Nathaniel’s sound reasoning, her pleas certainly wouldn’t make an impression on them.  She looked to Nathaniel, but he remained silent, unable to think of another argument.  None of the other sailors spoke up, either.  “Then, I believe we are ready to make a decision,” Penning announced with a businesslike air.  
“All those in favor of seeking the King’s pardon?”
“Aye,” came a weak chorus of voices.  Mary, Nathaniel, Mr. Harper and only a handful of other sailors were in favor of the motion.
“All those in favor of pursuing the privateer?”
The crew’s roar of agreement echoed across the open water.  Mr. Thorpe had succeeded in persuading them.  Mary let out a heavy sigh, realizing she was to remain a pirate.
“Very good,” Captain Penning smiled, “we shall pursue the privateer.  Mr. Harper, have them set the sails.”
“Aye, Captain,” the quarter master replied.  Mary could read the disappointment on his face as he turned and addressed the crew.
“Those on the afternoon watch, to your posts.  Be prepared to set the sails to the northwest,” he hollered with his usual brusqueness.
A member of the afternoon watch, Mary bit her lip in frustration and strode with unwilling feet over to her post at the forecastle and waited for orders.  She blinked hard against the threatening tears.  The old steely feelings of anger and misery that she had recently overcome threatened to revisit her.  She clenched her jaw and tried to keep an unaffected expression.  Once again her hopes had been raised only to be flattened.  
Across the deck Mary could see Mr. Thorpe conversing excitedly with a handful of his supporters.  If it weren’t for the fact that he was twice her size, she would have marched up to him and punched him in the throat.  Her eyes narrowed and she was convincing herself that her angry impulse wasn’t such a bad idea, when she felt a hand on her shoulder.
“He’s not worth it,” Nathaniel muttered in a low voice.  
“I know,” she said, tearing her gaze away from her target.  Her friend’s presence brought her back to reality and the tension eased from her shoulders.  She tried to conceal her misty eyes from him.
“I’m sorry you’ve suffered so many disappointments,” he said.  Mary sighed.  Once again, it was like he knew exactly what she was feeling.  
“It’s worse for you,” she smirked.
“Why’s that?” he asked.
“You have to navigate against your will,” she explained.
“Well, I’ve been doing that for a while now,” he sighed.  “So you are not angry with me?” he asked.
“Of course not, why would I be?”
“Because I’m calculating the route to the privateer and Penning has made me his right hand man until we find it.”
“You also made the best argument against pursuing it,” she reassured him.  He smiled.
“I find it amusing that Penning trusts me to lead when he knows I’m in such opposition.  I have been considering botching the job, you know,” he said earnestly.  
“No, don’t do that,” Mary exclaimed.  “Penning may be ignorant when it comes to navigation, but he’s not stupid.  He would catch on.  It’s not worth the risk.”
“If you think so . . .” he smiled.
“I do,” she said, giving him a stern look, but their conversation was cut short.
“Tie off the mainsail of the mizzenmast, Mr. Read,” Mr. Harper bellowed from the main deck.  With a quick farewell to Nathaniel, Mary ascended the rigging and began fulfilling the quarter master’s orders.  She wasn’t happy with the new direction the ship was taking, but she could convince herself it wouldn’t be worse than anything else she had lived through.  She knew encountering a privateer wouldn’t be any more dangerous than being captured by Jupiter’s Vengeance.  A knot still formed in her stomach when she thought of that evening, but she had survived it, and she knew she could survive the upcoming threat.
Two weeks went by and the crew of Jupiter’s Vengeance didn’t see a single ship on the horizon.  Whisper of mutiny again began to circulate.  The crew grew impatient with Penning who in turn became increasingly suspicious of Nathaniel despite the navigator’s honest efforts.  The tension aboard the ship had the crew at the brink of an uprising when a dark speck was spotted on the horizon at sunset.
The crew instantly turned from mutinous to treasure hungry.  No one aboard slept that night for the air seemed electric with anticipation.  Morning’s light confirmed that the nearing ship was indeed the target they sought but was no longer privateer but pirate, sailing a black flag of its own.  The navigator went from being despised to praised.  The captain allowed for a quick toast to be made.  Mary noticed that all the crew but Mr. Thorpe thrust their mugs into the air in honor of Nathaniel.  It was predicted they would board the ship before nightfall, and the rest of the day was spent preparing for the encounter.
As the day wore on, Mary found herself growing fiercer.  She began to tune out her emotions.  She acknowledged her growing fear, but did not let it consume her.  She was focused and alert.  This would not be her first time in combat and she knew how to build mental defenses to prepare herself for it.  As a soldier she had trained her mind the first few times she had gone into battle, but it soon became a habit.  She hadn’t been in combat for years and she was slightly surprised at how quickly the mindset came back to her.  
Nathaniel was completely surprised by her change in disposition.  She gave him a harsh stare and a curt nod as she passed him below decks carrying an armful of rifles.  It wasn’t until afterwards that she realized her hard greeting had probably been the cause of his alarmed expression.
The sun was slowly sinking in the west as Jupiter’s Vengeance turned its starboard side towards the approaching ship, and Captain Penning realized that he was about to meet his match.  The privateer did outgun and outman Jupiter’s Vengeance, but it was too late to turn back and the prospect of treasure too strong.  With a deafening cry, Penning’s crew opened fire. 


Chapter 13

Anne was sure the red headed sailor standing next to her could hear her heart thumping against her rib cage as the newly turned pirate crew of The King’s Fortitude stood on deck, seconds from engaging in battle.  She thrust her sword into the air and added her voice to the deafening rumble of war cries.  
A black flag fluttered from the mast of the approaching ship.  As it came near Anne could read the ship’s name, Jupiter’s Vengeance.  She knew it was her task to kill as many of its members as possible, but she couldn’t help but think that some of them may be like her, a criminal against her better judgment.  
James had been right.  The night The King’s Fortitude made port in Africa, Captain Rackham announced to the crew his plans to turn pirate.  To Anne’s surprise, all agreed to go on the account.  An elaborate list of articles was drawn up and Anne signed it.  She couldn’t help but notice that they did not prohibit the presence of women aboard, like most pirate contracts.  
Since La Domina had already been a pirate ship, only minor changes had to be made to suit it to Rackham’s liking.  Holes were bore in the sides to fit guns brought over from The King’s Fortitude.  La Domina’s name was changed to The Treasure, with new letters carved and painted into its side.  
By abandoning the king’s ship and taking on a new one, Rackham seemed to think that he wasn’t committing treason, a crime much more grave than piracy.  The letter of marque was destroyed in a moment of foolish arrogance, and The King’s Fortitude was sold along with most of its goods.  
The slave port was happy to receive any merchandise it could come by and The King’s Fortitude was soon relieved of its cargo, and The Treasure was loaded with bars of gold and silver.  It frightened Anne to see the hunger of greed in so many of the crew member’s faces as they loaded the bricks onto the ship.  
In preparation for their return to sea, Rackham had put Anne in charge of sewing a pirate flag.  The ship’s surgeon, who had rather unwillingly gone on the account, refused to sew a pirate flag, despite his skills with a needle and thread.
“This should be a good job for you,” Rackham smirked, handing her the black material, with a sketch of a skull and crossed cutlasses.  Anne grumbled over her task, but it was better than scraping barnacles off the hull like most of the crew had been assigned to do.  A few hours later she handed a puckered and lopsided flag back to him, smirking.  She had never been very good at stitching.  
Her creation now hung from the mast of The Treasure, announcing their simple message, death to those who didn’t surrender.  She felt a hand on her shoulder and turned to see her husband of three weeks standing behind her.  
“Are you ready?” he shouted over the noise.  She nodded curtly, feigning more confidence than she possessed.  
“Here,” he said, tucking the handle of a hatchet into her belt on the hip opposite her pistol.  “It will make me feel better if you have this.”
“To the front, Mr. Bonny,” Edwards yelled from the quarterdeck.  “If we come to board, you need to be one of the first men over there.”
“Aye, sir,” he hollered.  He turned back to Anne.  “If you’re in trouble yell for me,” he said sternly.  “I’ll be there in an instant.”
“I’ll be fine,” she answered, staring up into his stormy gray eyes.  “You watch out for yourself.”  He nodded, looked quickly around, and kissed her on the forehead.
“Love you,” he murmured, and then ran to the railing to be the first in combat.  The red headed sailor was giving her a funny look the next time she glanced over in his direction.  She suspected he had seen James’ display of affection, but right now it was the least of her worries.  
The day he had proposed, she was wed to James.  They had found a Jesuit missionary in the port who agreed to marry them in secret.  James had bought her a simple pale blue cotton dress, one of the only articles of women’s clothing he could find in the port, so she didn’t have to marry in her sailor’s uniform.  Although it was the cheapest material she had ever worn, she couldn’t remember a time when she had felt more beautiful than when she wore the dress and stood next to James in the small chapel of the mission.  The dress was now carefully folded and stowed into the bottom of her haversack.  She didn’t know when she’d get to wear it next.
With another fierce cry and the moan of the ships’ sides scrapping against each other, the pirates of Jupiter’s Vengeance began fighting their way onto the deck of The Treasure.  The first round of shots was fired and an enemy pirate howled in agony as he fell into the gap between the ships and into the water below.  
Anne watched the scene, intent with terror and awaiting her opportunity to fight.  Just as in her first battle, the murder around her seemed to be shrouded in a haze.  The clanging of weaponry and firing of pistols resounded in her ears as if they were filled with cotton.  The rhythmic pumping of her heart dominated her senses as she watched the events around her unfold.
Pirates began breaking through their line of defense, and Anne ran forward to intercept one.  The lanky man’s face was covered in a thin beard, so Anne assumed he wasn’t much older than her.  Pushing the assumption out of her mind, she thrashed her sword at him.  He had strong offensive attacks, but his defense was weak.  It wasn’t long before she found an opening and was able to thrust her weapon into his abdomen.  She was amazed at how little effort it took, like a knife into butter.  She refused to let her emotions affect her as the young sailor cringed and cried out in agony.  He collapsed onto the deck as she yanked her sword out of his middle.
She didn’t linger over the dying man.  She turned back to the fight to see where she might be needed.  Across the deck she could see Mr. Isenhart being backed into a corner by a burly, shirtless pirate.  She rushed over to him, pulling the hatchet from her belt.  Coming up behind the pirate, she brought the weapon down on his head.  Mr. Isenhart’s face lit with surprise as the pirate collapsed on the deck between them.
“Aaron!” he exclaimed, wide-eyed.  “I take back what I said about your stomach being weak,” he chuckled, pulling the hatchet out of the dead man.  Anne tried to nod in thanks as he handed her the bloody weapon, but instead she buckled over and threw up onto the deck.
“Never mind,” he muttered, patting her on the back and stepping around the mess to seek out another pirate to engage with.  Anne spat the taste of vomit from her mouth and took a few deep breaths to calm herself as she surveyed the battle.  The Treasure was winning.  Despite their fierce initial efforts, the crew of Jupiter’s Vengeance was retreating, many of its members dead on the deck of The Treasure.  
Not wanting to add to the mess at her feet, she was careful to not look directly at any of the mangled bodies, some of which still made feeble efforts at motion.  She tried to pick out James in the crowd, but couldn’t find his tall frame.
“All hands prepare to board!” Captain Rackham shouted from the quarterdeck.  His eyes possessed that same thirsty, fiendish look they held in the last battle.  Anne now recognized the passion as greed.  His order reminded Anne that her husband was probably already on the deck of Jupiter’s Vengeance and the reason she was unable to find him.  
She hung the hatchet from her hip and pulled her pistol from the opposite one.  She darted across the deck to join the other crew members chasing the enemy back onto their ship.  Anne could now see how easily they outnumbered the other crew of pirates.  She breathed a sigh of relief to think it was almost over.

Mary panted as she got a running start and hurdled the small gap between the two ships, landing safely on the deck of Jupiter’s Vengeance.  She scrambled into the defensive formation their diminished crew was attempting to form along the railing.  She stood behind Jim and Mr. Harper, ready to intercept any man who might get past them.  Her heart leapt into her throat when she saw how easily their enemy outnumbered them.  She couldn’t help but think that if the crew survived this, they would no doubt throw Mr. Thorpe overboard for convincing them to fight and Nathaniel for leading them there.  Embracing her quickly dwindling courage, she set her jaw and tightened her fist around her sword.
Several pirates had already broken through their weak defense.  Out of the corner of her eye, Mary could make out Mr. Thorpe engaged in combat with a tall dark haired man, both shouting and cursing the other.
“Filthy traitor!” Mary heard the dark haired man holler over the clamor of the battle.
A roar of agony brought her attention back to the two men in front of her.  She turned in time to see Jim lurch backward onto the deck as a ball of lead hit him in the shoulder.  His attacker jumped lithely onto the deck, pistol still smoking in his hand.  Mr. Harper struggled with another pirate trying to fight his way over the railing, so Mary ran forward to stop the boy with the pistol.
Mary charged him, thrashing her cutlass, but he was surprisingly quick.  He dropped his empty pistol and drew his sword in time to make an abrupt stop to Mary’s attack.  She shuffled back a few steps, giving herself a better look at her opponent.  The boy, only slightly taller than herself, and not a whisker on his chin, glared at her with determined yet terror filled eyes.  He looked no more than fourteen and for a moment Mary thought they had sent their cabin boy over to fight.  But something in the way he carried himself suggested a confidence older than that of a fourteen year old.  There was something peculiar and even familiar about him.
Mary lifted her weapon as the young pirate closed the space between them in one graceful lunge.  As a soldier, Mary had been trained in sword combat, but it wasn’t something typically used in a battle.  She much preferred a rifle fixed with a bayonet but right now she had a cutlass and would have to make due.  Her opponent seemed well on his way to becoming an expert swordsman for it took all her focus and strength to parry his attacks.  Mary suddenly realized that if she wanted to come out of this battle unscathed, Captain Penning would have to surrender soon.  The pirate she had mistaken for a cabin boy had the upper hand in their match, and she knew that no member of the crew could be spared to help her while their defenses were failing so quickly.
Mary was considering dropping her sword and seeing if her rival would allow her to surrender unharmed when she noticed a change in his countenance.  His face lifted with perhaps relief or excitement and he began to steal glances past her shoulder as if he were more intent on what was happening behind her than their duel.  Mary resisted the urge to glance over her shoulder.  She had to take advantage of his distracted nature while she could.  
She began easing up on her blows, allowing his attention to slowly drift to the distraction behind her.  When he was sufficiently engrossed, Mary planned to strike back full force and at least disarm him, giving her time to pull out her pistol.  Her plan never got that far.  
“No!” her opponent shrieked as his arm suddenly went limp, and he dropped his sword.  Mary was dumbstruck by his eyes.  They filled with an agony and seemed to stare straight past her.  They were only too familiar to her.  She whipped her head around for only a second to see Mr. Thorpe yank his sword out of a man he had just opened from nave to neck.  
As she turned back to face her opponent she knew she would be haunted by his horrific expression for the rest of her life.  The boy’s disguise suddenly melted away and ripple of chills washed through Mary’s body as she realized she was looking at a woman who had just lost her lover.
Without thinking, Mary pulled her pistol from her waist and brought the butt of it down on top the woman’s head.  She collapsed onto the deck, her eyes rolling back in their sockets. She hadn’t even attempted to stop Mary’s attack.  No sooner had Mary done this than she heard Captain Penning hollering for the crew to surrender and drop their weapons.  
Mary was happy to oblige.  She dropped her sword and pistol and, before a crew member from The Treasure could apprehend her, bent over the pirate she had knocked unconscious.  She studied the pirate’s face, trying to determine if her instincts had been correct.  The face had high rosy cheeks and a long delicate nose, making it feminine, yet the strong angular jaw and simply the fact that he or she could handle a sword like a man suggested otherwise.  
Glancing around at the dwindling chaos to ensure that no one was watching, Mary lifted the collar of the pirate’s shirt and peeked inside.  Sure enough, strips of frayed canvas sail were wrapped tightly around her chest, and any doubts Mary still had about the pirate’s gender dissolved.  A purple lump was beginning to form along the woman’s hairline and Mary felt a tug of guilt.  She reached over to see if she could awaken the woman, but her attempt was stopped as a cold blade was placed on her neck.  She froze and let the man take her hands and tie her wrists behind her back.
He led her to the waist of the deck and forced her to her knees in a row with the other captured crewmates.  In a few moments Nathaniel was on his knees next to her and Captain Penning next to him.  For the moment she forgot about the other woman on the ship as the familiar terror of being captured over took her.  She hoped The Treasure’s captain was more merciful than Captain Penning had been when he captured The Redbird.  Out of curiosity, she glanced over at her captain.  His expression was hard and blank.  Nathaniel caught her eye as she did this.
“Are you all right?” he asked in a barely audible whisper.
“Yes,” she breathed.  “And you?”
“Fine,” he murmured.
“Shut up!” the pirate standing over them roared, putting the tip of a blade to Mary’s back as a warning.  Their captain boarded Jupiter’s Vengeance and Mary closed her eyes and tried to block out the flood of memories from the last time she was captured.  The impermeable mindset she had constructed early that day had broken down completely, and it took all of her strength to keep herself from trembling with fear.  
“Good evening, gentlemen,” the captain of The Treasure greeted them.  “I am Captain Jack Rackham.  Which among you is the captain?”
“I am . . . sir,” Penning spoke up in a rough voice.  Captain Rackham sauntered down the line until he came to the defeated captain.
“You, sir, will address me as Captain from now on.  If you wish to join my crew, I will spare your life.  If you do not wish to do so, you may address me in any way you like at the forfeit of your life.  Pray sir, what is your name?”
“Bartholomew Penning,” he grumbled back.
“And do you wish to join me, Mr. Penning?” Captain Rackham asked in a businesslike manner.  Offering salvation to the captain did not mean that the rest of the crew was safe, but Mary breathed easier at this sign of his mercy.
“Yes, I wish to join your crew . . . Captain Rackham,” Penning replied reluctantly.
“Very good, sir,” Rackham said as he walked back to the middle of the deck to address the rest of the crew.  “The same goes for you lot.  You are all welcome to join my crew, seeing as you have diminished our numbers rather nicely.  Anyone willing to accept me as their new captain may consider themselves spared and join the crew of The Treasure without further questioning.  If anyone does not wish to do so, let him speak now.”  He paused for a few moments and stared down at the thirteen remaining crew members of Jupiter’s Vengeance.  The thought didn’t even cross Mary’s mind.  Once a pirate, it didn’t matter whose crew it was.
“Mr. Thorpe,” Captain Rackham suddenly exclaimed.  “What a fancy meeting you here.  Forgive me for not noticing you sooner.  I didn’t see you hiding behind your friend there.”  His sarcastically ominous voice sent goose bumps crawling down Mary’s arms.  She desperately wanted to turn her head to see Mr. Thorpe’s reaction, but she knew better.
“I hope you do not mind serving under me again, Mr. Thorpe?”
“No, Captain,” he replied in what Mary imagined was supposed to be a firm voice.
“Anyone else?” Captain Rackham asked, switching back to his more official tone.  He waited a few more seconds.  “No one . . . excellent,” he said with a note of finality.  “Consider yourselves lucky, gentlemen.  I am only recently turned pirate.  If you had battled me three weeks ago, I would have been obliged to hang you all from the yard arms.”  With that he turned to his original crew and began giving orders.
“Lock the newcomers in the brig for now.  Take the wounded, both ours and theirs to the surgeon.  Mr. Penning, did you have a surgeon aboard?” he yelled over his shoulder.
“Yes, Captain,” he answered, rising to his feet at the prodding of the pirate guarding him.  “I do not think he survived, though.”
“Does anyone know the condition of the surgeon?” Rackham demanded, turning to the new members of his crew.
“Dead, Captain,” Nathaniel piped up from beside Mary.  His face showed perfect composure and somehow that helped to calm her jittery nerves.  “However, I do have a bit a medical training if you would like me to assist with the wounded?”  The new captain appraised the young navigator with uninterested eyes.
“Very well, Mr. . .”
“Locke,” Nathaniel answered quickly.
“Mr. Locke, you may help carry the wounded over to The Treasure, and then do whatever the surgeon instructs you to do.  Untie him,” Rackham said to the man standing over his shoulder.  Mary watched as Nathaniel was pulled up by the arm and his hands cut free.  He threw Mary a reassuring look and set to work.  For a moment she wondered if he had lied about having medical training for some reason.  She had been unaware of it, but he conducted himself with such confidence she had no doubt it was another one of his many skills.
Mary was forced to her feet by the same man who had freed her friend.  With her hands still bound she was led to the gunwale to be helped over the side of The Treasure.  As she waited to board, Mary watched anxiously as Nathaniel approached the woman lying unconscious by her blow.  She bit her lip as he rolled the woman’s head towards him to examine her injury.  She hoped he wouldn’t note her feminine features as she had. He was about to scoop her up into his arms, when Captain Rackham interrupted him.
“Mr. Locke,” he exclaimed, rather than addressed, “leave Mr. Pierce.  His injuries are minor compared to others.”
“Aye, Captain,” Mr. Locke nodded, his brow wrinkled in confusion as he lay the body back down on the deck.  Mary also wore a confused expression.  The captain’s anxious reaction suggested that he knew the pirate was a woman, yet he referred to her as Mr. Pierce.  Mary pondered this as she moved from one ship to the other and was herded into the brig with the other crew members from Jupiter’s Vengeance.  
The only plausible conclusion she could reach was that the captain knew of the woman’s identity, but the rest of the crew didn’t.  This led Mary to believe that the woman was the captain’s mistress, smuggled onboard disguised as a boy.  Yet there was no doubt in Mary’s mind that the tall dark haired man Mr. Thorpe had killed was the woman’s lover.
Mary could not mistake the look on the woman’s face for anything else.  That look of agony, not inflicted by physical hurt but by something much deeper, was only caused by the loss of a most cherished loved one.  Mary could identify that look of torture and despair on any stranger’s face.  It was like losing a piece of oneself.  She was sure Doctor Hamilton could attest to having seen that same horrific expression on her face.
The crew sat silently in the brig, waiting to be summoned.  In her mind, Mary mulled over all the possible reasons another woman would be aboard a pirate ship.  She came up with a myriad of explanations, but she could only guess at which one might be correct.  The one conclusion she did reach was that knocking the woman unconscious was the best thing she could do for the poor creature.  Her emotional outburst at seeing her lover murdered no doubt would have exposed her gender.  Mary had also put her out of her misery, at least for the time being.
The crew had been sitting silently for almost two hours, when Nathaniel was brought down to be locked up with them.  He was shoved into the already crowded brig and jostled his way through the men until he found a spot to stand next to Mary.  
“How are you?” he whispered.
“Fine, and you?”
“I’m all right.  Would you like me to untie you?” he asked.  
“Yes,” she breathed a sigh of relief, turning around so he could reach her hands.
“Where’s the captain?” one of their inmates asked as the pirate who brought Nathaniel down disappeared through a hatch.
“Which one?” he replied.
“Penning,” the inmate answered shortly.
“He’s with Captain Rackham, in his cabin.”
“What for?”
“From what I’ve overheard, Rackham has offered Penning a position as an officer.  I don’t think Rackham trusts him, so he’s trying to negotiate an agreement of some sort . . . like a consolation for losing his ship.  You can only have one captain.  My guess is Rackham is trying to get Penning on his side so he doesn’t rally us to mutiny” Nathaniel explained.  The rope around Mary’s wrists loosened, and Nathaniel slipped it down over her hands.
“Thank you,” she murmured.
“You’re welcome,” he whispered over her shoulder into her ear.  Mary flushed as his breath tickled her cheek.  
“Ha, we don’t need Penning to mutiny,” the unmistakable voice of Mr. Thorpe muttered from somewhere in the mass of bodies.  The crew shuffled anxiously at the suggestion.
“Rest easy, Mr. Thorpe,” Nathaniel said in a tired voice.  “There’s no need to start something like that now.”
“I’ll do as I please,” Mr. Thorpe grumbled back.
“Well, I literally just got done cleaning up the last mess you got us into, and I’d appreciate it if you didn’t make another so soon,” he retorted.  “And in case anyone’s wondering, Jim is going to be fine.  We got the ball out of his shoulder.  It was a clean wound, and it isn’t showing signs of an infection yet.”
“What about Clifton?” another inmate asked.  The crew began to take interest in Nathaniel, as he had news from above decks.  He let out a sigh.
“Sewed him in his hammock and sent him overboard,” he answered softly, describing a traditional burial at sea.  “We didn’t get to him fast enough.  He had bled out by the time the surgeon had a look at him.  He was badly cut up, though.  Even if he had been treated, I don’t think he would have made it.  I’m sorry, mate.”
“How many did the other side loose?” another voice asked.
“I couldn’t give you a number.  For the most part they took care of their own dead and wounded,” Nathaniel explained.  “But I would guess about as many as we did, fewer perhaps.  From what I’ve heard and figured, when we join, it will bring the crew to at least forty . . . more than this ship has ever seen.”  This news prompted all the men in the brig to excited conversation.  A pirate crew of that size was a force to be reckoned with.  
“Nathaniel?” Mary asked, taking advantage of the cover of noise.  “What became of that fellow, Mr. Pierce?”
“The boy the captain told me to leave lie?” he asked
“Yes, him.”
“I couldn’t say.  I never saw him after that.  Why do you ask?”
“No reason,” Mary replied.  “I was the one to put him out, so I was curious about his condition.”
“Feeling a bit guilty, Mark?” he teased.
“No,” Mary lied, forcing a smile.
“It was a bad bump, but I’m sure he’ll recover in no time,” he reassured her.  The men in the brig suddenly fell silent as the hatch above opened again.  A dozen men, all carrying daggers, filed down onto the damp deck.  The dozen men in the brig all stood up anxiously and peered through the bars.  One of the crew members outside the brig stepped forward and cleared his throat.
“Hello, lads,” he said.  “I am Charles Isenhart.  Mr. Penning would like you to know that he has accepted the position as second officer and signed The Treasure’s articles.  He urges you all to do likewise.  We’re here to escort you.”  
Having finished his short speech, he drew a worn key out of his pocket and unlocked the heavy iron cell door.  It creaked open on its hinges and Mr. Isenhart cut the rope off the wrist of one of the inmates and led him up to the deck.  The other crewmates followed suit and climbed up to the deck, two by two.  
Night had fallen while the crew had been detained below decks and now members of The Treasure held lanterns and stood at attention waiting for their new mates to sign aboard.  Mary couldn’t help but roll her eyes at the pageantry of another initiation ceremony.  Rackham, Penning, and another hard faced, thick necked gentleman she didn’t recognized stood at a table, each holding a prop for the service.  The rest of the crew stood in a semi-circle around them.  Mary and the eleven other converting pirates gathered around the three men as best they could.  Only when the shuffling stopped did Captain Rackham proceed to talk.
“Good evening, gentlemen,” he greeted them.  “As you can see Mr. Penning has agreed to sign on as my second officer, and this good man,” he nodded towards the man Mary didn’t recognize, “is Mr. Edwards, my first officer.”  He made a speech, and once again Mary felt no need to pay attention to the nonsense being spewed by her soon to be captain.  With a graceful flourish of his hands, he unrolled the parchment on which the articles were written.  She stifled a laugh by pretending to cough.  He read through the articles and then explained the procedure for swearing to them.  He had Penning hold up the Bible and Mr. Edwards the dagger, while he explained the objects’ symbolism.  Mary wasn’t the only one annoyed with the showiness.  Several other pirates, old and new, began to sway or shift their weight over their feet.  By the time Rackham had finished speaking most men were glancing excitedly at the keg of ale that had been rolled out for the occasion. 
Finally, Rackham had each new member come forward, place his hands on the Bible and dagger, and sign the parchment.  Rackham wasn’t any less sadistic than Penning.  Mary sighed as she once again cut her finger to sign herself to a pirate crew in blood.  A cheer went up as the last name was added to the scroll.  Without a wasted second, the keg was tapped and the festivities began. 
Mary took her pint and found an out of the way seat on a coil of rope where she could watch the antics of her new crewmates.  Some were already filling their mugs a second time.  She knew it wouldn’t be long before they were singing and dancing and then not long until they were passed out drunk.  As if he had read her thoughts, a sailor pulled out a fiddle and began to play. The men began to sing along with the tune and a few particularly obnoxious ones stomped out to the center of the deck to jig. 
Mary smirked.  She saw Nathaniel wandering through the crowd introducing himself to his new crew members.  His face lit up when he spotted her.  Rushing over, he took a seat next to her on the rope coil.
“Look at them,” Mary muttered.  “Five hours ago they were trying to kill each other, and now they are laughing and drinking together as though they have always been the best of friends.”  
“Once a pirate, always a pirate,” he replied.  “It doesn’t matter which ship or captain is yours.”  He watched her expression as she sat stewing over this thought for a moment.  
“Pirates disgust me,” she spat.  Her friend threw his head back and laughed.  Mary realized how silly her outburst must have seemed and laughed a little too.
“So you won’t be joining in on the fun?” he asked.
“Not tonight,” she replied heavily.  “I think I’m going to go find myself an empty hammock and claim it for the night.”
“Are you sure?” he prodded.
“Yes,” she answered.
“I know I’ve asked you this a lot today, but are you all right?”
“Yes, I’m just fine,” Mary muttered, smiling to reassure him.
“Well then,” he said raising his mug.  “Here’s to being just fine.”
“Cheers,” Mary replied unenthusiastically, allowing him to clink his mug against hers.  She took a sip from her mug as Nathaniel finished off his.
“Have a good evening, Mark,” he said, clapping her on the shoulder.
“You, too,” she said, as he walked over to join the celebration.
She gazed at the crowd of sailors and absent mindedly drummed her fingers on the rim of her mug.  The music and tapping of feet reminded her how much she missed dancing.  She of course knew the man’s part much better than the woman’s from when her mother made her go to parties, but even when she was forced to dance with other young ladies, she had still enjoyed the activity.  A few men had coupled up for a waltz.  The men dancing the woman’s part twirled and pranced gracefully pretending to hold the hems of invisible skirts as the other sailors roared with laughter.  She found herself wishing that Nathaniel would come over and ask her for a dance, when she remembered that she wasn’t the only woman on board.  
Jumping to her feet, she surveyed the crowd of men.  None of them resembled the woman she had encountered.  Quitting the deck, she went in search of the woman in the sleeping cabin.  She passed between the rows of hammocks, strung between posts and masts.  Most were empty, but a few were occupied by gray blanketed figures.
On silent bare feet she approached the first hammock only to discover a snoring Jim.  His upper arm was swaddled in a think wad of bandages.  The surgeon had given him rum to ease the pain and drug him into sleeping.  In the next hammock she found a man she didn’t recognize, also snoring peacefully, his ankle splinted between two scraps of wood.
Moving on, Mary noiselessly crept over to a hammock hung in the corner.  The figure lay on its side, curled up in a ball, a mess of brown hair stuck out from under the edge of the grey woolen blanket.  She instantly recognized the sleeping face of the woman.  In the dim candlelight of a lantern, Mary could see tear streaks on her cheeks.  This only confirmed her theory of the woman’s lost lover.  
“Poor thing,” Mary whispered to herself.  The woman’s eyes suddenly flew open, and Mary realized she must not have been sleeping.  
“Can I help you?” the woman asked furiously, a hateful look upon her face.
“No, I was . . . I mean . . . I . . .” Mary stammered, trying to think of something to say.
“What are you doing down here?  Aren’t you a prisoner?” she sneered.
“I’m part of the crew now.  We all signed on to The Treasure tonight,” Mary explained quickly.  The woman appraised her with cold eyes.
“Yes, and you’re also the reason for this bump on my head, aren’t you?” she scowled.  “Why couldn’t you have killed me, you bastard?” she wailed.  In one quick motion she picked a boot up from off the deck and hurled it at Mary.  Mary dodged the boot, and then staggered away.  The woman turned over in her hammock and put the blanket over her head to muffle her weeping.  
Mary was now completely sure of her assumptions.  She made her way to the other side of the cabin and pulled an old piece of sail out of a pile and hung it between two posts.  As she flopped down in her hammock, she wondered what her next step should be.  The woman was obviously mad at her, which would make a friendship difficult.  But the circumstances were so extraordinary, Mary couldn’t see how she could keep her gender secret from the woman for long.  She had to share the news with someone.  She tossed and turned that night, restless from intrigue.  


Chapter 14

Anne awoke with a terrible headache early the next morning.  For an instant she wondered why.  Then the events of the day before came flooding back to her.  She threw the blanket over her head, and fresh tears streamed down her face as memories from the battle replayed themselves for the hundredth time behind her eyelids.
Rolling over, she tried to fall back to sleep.  She squeezed her eyes shut, but the final image she had of James remained etched in the front of her mind.  She trembled, able to see vividly his gray eyes wide and blank and his sun tanned face contorted in agony.  There had been so much red, dribbling down his neck, soaking his shirt, staining the deck as it grew into a puddle.  It made her shudder.
She had let her mind wander long enough.  She leapt out of her hammock and wiped her eyes and nose on her sleeve.  She was relieved to find that she was the only one awake in the cabin.  In need of fresh air, she crept between the slumbering bodies.  Halfway across the room she stumbled over something.  Annoyed, she glowered at the men hanging in hammocks near her, looking for the incompetent sailor who would leave his possessions lying about when she remembered the boot was hers.
The boy she threw it at last night dozed in a hammock a few posts away.  She considered throwing it at him again now that she had an easy shot, but she thought better of it and tossed the boot across the cabin where it landed with a soft thump near her hammock.
Out of curiosity she walked over to her new crewmate and peered down at the sleeping boy.  He had a small rabbit-like nose and round rosy cheeks.  His blonde curly hair was tied into a short braid, and his cap had slipped down his forehead, covering his eyes.  Anne couldn’t see so much as a trace of a beard on his chin.  She couldn’t believe their captain would let someone so young become a sailor, but then again he had held up against her fairly well in combat.  She decided he must be a cabin boy and headed up to the main deck.
The sun was still low in the east as Anne stepped out onto the deck.  For a moment she thought it was a battlefield she had stepped onto.  The bodies and blood from the day before had been replaced with sleeping men and vomit.  The scenes didn’t look too dissimilar.  Mr. Bellows and Mr. Isenhart slumped against each other sleeping peacefully like two giant infants.  Danny lay face down, one arm under his head for a pillow and the other cuddled an empty pewter mug to his chest.
Anne picked her way through the mass of sleeping men and leaned against the gunwale to look out over the ocean.  She knew that somewhere out there on the ocean floor her husband’s mangled body lay wrapped in a hammock, and she hadn’t gotten a chance to say good bye to it.  She dropped her face into her hands in an attempt to stifle a new eruption of tears.
Anne couldn’t hear the sound of approaching footsteps over her jerky breathing, so she gasped when she felt comforting hands take her by the shoulders.  She whirled around to find Captain Rackham.  His face wrinkled in concern as he studied Anne’s frightened teary expression.  She quickly wiped away the evidence of her crying and brushed her hair out of her face.
“Anne,” he said gently, “I know that battle can be frightening and horrific, but you cannot carry on this way.”  She sucked in a shaky breath and nodded.  “The men will begin to suspect if they see you crying like this.  Edwards has mentioned to me a few times that ‘something’s not quite right with that boy.’  For the safety of the crew you must take every precaution to conceal yourself, especially now with the merging of the crews.  I have not yet earned the trust of the new crew members.  If they learned of your true identity, they may question my competence or authority as captain.  I’ve tried to make it as smooth a merge as possible, but some of these men would use any excuse they could find as a reason to mutiny.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, Captain,” she replied in a weak voice.
“Good,” he sighed.  “How is your head?”
“Fine.”
“Good,” he nodded. “I also wanted to let you know that I am sorry about Mr. Bonny.  I know his death must be difficult for you, seeing as you two had somewhat of a friendship.”
“Somewhat of a friendship,” she whispered harshly.  “We were married!” she wailed.  Something had snapped inside her, and she felt her familiar temper begin to take hold of her.  Rackham stared at her for a moment, awestruck.
“Impossible,” he finally said.  “When?  Where?”
“A missionary wed us when we made port in Africa,” she replied hotly.  
“What on earth were you thinking?” he exclaimed.  “What do you think would have happened if the crew had found out?  You would risk exposing yourself for that tar?” he scolded.
“I loved him,” she whispered fiercely.  “And no one would ever have suspected us.  We used the utmost discretion.”  Rackham scoffed.  She turned back towards the sea to let the salty breeze cool her flushed face.
“I see,” he said shortly.  “Well, my condolences, Mrs. Bonny.”  His address had the sting of an insult.  She whipped around to make a sharp retort, but he was already halfway across the deck.
Her chest rose and fell as her temper subsided.  She couldn’t believe she ever had feelings for the scoundrel.  He wasn’t half the man James was.  She sighed.  She knew she was going to have to do exactly as Rackham had said.  She would have to hide her loss and not let anyone see her tears.  But she wouldn’t do it because he ordered her to, moving on was her only option.
Anne sighed and decided then and there that she would not allow herself to shed one more tear for the rest of the voyage.  She would put on a hard brave face at all times, no matter how she was being tortured on the inside.  She would simply refuse to cry.  Rackham especially would never again see her cry.  Her new resolution made her feel stronger.
Down in the galley, Anne found the cook, looking a bit tired and sickly, trying to put together a breakfast.  She grabbed a bowl of porridge, despite the lack of an appetite, and sat down at one of the long skinny tables.  She was glad to be the only breakfaster in the galley and groaned to herself when she heard someone coming down the stairs.  Anne cursed her luck when the footsteps turned out to be those of the cabin boy she had thrown her boot at the night before.
“Good morning,” Mary murmured sleepily to the cook as he handed her a bowl of porridge and a cup of coffee.
“Mornin,’” he mumbled back.  Mary approached Anne’s table hesitantly.
“May I sit here?” she asked.
“I supposed,” Anne replied gruffly, as she shoveled in a spoonful of her breakfast.  Mary sat down across the table from her.
“I’m afraid we got off on the wrong foot last night,” Mary said sheepishly.  “I’m Mark Read.”  She extended her hand over the table.  Reluctantly, Anne took it.
“Aaron Pierce.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Aaron,” Mary said earnestly.  “I’m sorry about last night, if I woke you up or . . . disrupted you . . . and for the bump,” she said, gesturing towards Anne’s forehead.   She filled her mouth with porridge and waited for Anne to reply.  Anne stared at her from behind her coffee with a scathing look and didn’t acknowledge the apology.  Mary swallowed her mouthful and tried to rekindle the conversation.
“So where are you from?”
“Charles Town,” Anne replied stiffly.
“Is that in the colonies?” Mary asked.
“South Carolina,” Anne nodded.
“I figured,” Mary said.  “You sound like a Yankee.  I’m from London.  Well, I was born there, but I was raised in Bristol, and then moved back to London for a few years before I became a sailor.”
“And how old are you?” Anne asked, narrowing her eyes.
“Seventeen,” Mary gave her standard response.  Seventeen was young enough to not have a beard, but old enough to become a sailor.
“How old are you?”
“None of your business,” Anne replied coolly, picking up her dirty dishes and leaving the galley.
“Nice to meet you,” Mary called after her.  Anne brushed past Nathaniel as he entered the galley, rubbing his eyes and holding his head.
“You look as fresh as May this morning,” she said, smirking at the navigator.  She assumed he had gotten to know his new crewmates last night with the help of a few pints of ale.
“Who was that?” he asked, ignoring her comment and taking the breakfast the cook pushed at him.
“Aaron Pierce,” she answered.
“He certainly doesn’t look like a very cheerful fellow.”
“You don’t look so cheerful yourself this morning,” she replied.
“I suppose you are right,” he mumbled.  “That’s the lad you knocked out, isn’t it?”
“It is,” she answered.
“Does he remember you?  Did you have to patch things up this morning?”
“He remembers me all right, but I’ve still got some patching to do,” she muttered.
“Perhaps once the lump on his head goes away he’ll be more inclined to forgive you,” Nathaniel offered, spooning porridge into his mouth.  
“Perhaps,” Mary responded distractedly.  Her mind was already planning what she might say to the woman the next time they met in order to encourage her friendship.  She knew the woman was mourning the loss of her lover, but she wasn’t sure how she could comfort her without admitting to knowing her situation.  She decided that Nathaniel was right.  She would give it time.  
Days went by, and Mary was unable to find an opportunity to talk to Anne.  They were on different shifts and Anne kept to herself, speaking very little to anyone.  So far Anne had upheld her resolution.  She hadn’t leaked a tear.  This was proving to be more difficult than she had anticipated.  Everything about a life at sea reminded her of James.  She quickly learned that the only way she could get through her day was by shutting down her mind and letting her body perform her chores.  Eating was bothersome because she never felt hungry.  She didn’t feel much of anything anymore.  Sometimes it was as if she was watching someone else’s life from behind her eyes.  It didn’t feel real.
She could tell by the other sailors’ wary glances that she must have looked like a walking ghost.  There were no mirrors aboard the ship, but she was sure her eyes were glassy and hollow and her cheeks sunken and pale, a frightening sight to behold.  She could only hope that the crew members attributed her new disposition to having lost many fellow crew members and not James in particular.  
Since verbal communication was near impossible, Mary satisfied herself by keeping tabs on the woman who called herself Aaron.  On an open shift, she would lounge around the deck and observe Anne out of the corner of her eye.  She tried to track what sort of a day she was having.  Mary knew that after you lost a loved one all your days became difficult, but some would be harder than others.  
Mary could tell the days that were easier for Anne because she was a little less withdrawn and more apt to speak with the men on her shift.  Mary watched for these days, hoping for an opportunity to take advantage of her good mood and strike up a conversation.  Mary soon realized that if Anne was having a good day and she attempted to communicate with her it turned Anne’s day sour.
Mary also realized that she wasn’t the only one keeping an eye on Anne.  Captain Rackham was far less discrete than Mary in his observations.  He would often stand at the railing of the quarterdeck or lounge in his cabin doorway, watching the woman work, always with a peculiar look upon his face.  Mary could never quite place what it was, sometimes it seemed to be longing other times contempt.  Either way it confirmed Mary’s suspicion that he too knew the boy was a woman.

“You sure spend a lot of time on deck these days,” Nathaniel said one morning, leaning on the railing next to her.  Mary snapped around.  She hadn’t even noticed his presence.  She had been engrossed not so discreetly observing Anne.
“Good morning,” she replied after recovering from the startle.  
“Are you still feeling guilty?” he asked, nodding towards Anne.
“No, of course not,” she answered, trying to laugh off his remark in hopes of changing the subject.
“Well, I notice that you’ve spent quite a bit of time watching him.  I was wondering if it was to ease your conscience or part of your self inflicted penance . . .”
“No,” Mary laughed, scrambling for an excuse.  “But he looks so sad all the time.”
“Hmmm . . .” Nathaniel nodded, obviously not satisfied with her excuse.  “You are right about that.”  Mary knew he was humoring her by the way he raised his eyebrows, but she ignored it and kept going.
“I was thinking I should try to talk to him, like you did for me,” she suggested.
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea,” he said uncomfortably.
“Why not?”
“You and I were the outsiders on Penning’s ship.  Aaron has friends, he talks to that Danny fellow, and Pete, and Mr. Isenhart.  He has people to turn to.  He’s choosing not to, or he will when he’s ready.  If you try to force him to talk to you, you’ll be meddling in business that isn’t yours,” Nathaniel explained.  Mary wasn’t completely satisfied with his excuse, but at the same time she knew he wasn’t satisfied with hers.  He glanced from the woman to Mary, and she thought she saw a trace of jealousy in his expression.
“I suppose you’re right,” she muttered.  She turned to face her friend and was surprised by his expression.  He was reading her.  His wide brown eyes seemed to burrow straight into her soul as if he knew everything she was thinking.  At the same time he looked expectant, as if he was waiting for her to explain the true reason behind her odd behavior.  
For an instant she considered revealing everything to him.  She knew he would keep her secret, but at the same time she knew he was too kind to press her for an explanation.  He would let her keep her secret and his friendship.  Nathaniel pulled his eyes away from her, and the moment passed.  Mary sighed, made an excuse to leave, and went below deck.
While the morning remained sunny, the afternoon brought a thick layer of dark clouds, and by three o’clock the crew was preparing to face a storm.  Anne sighed.  The gray skies reminded her of James’ eyes and the storm reminded her of the night he rescued her.  The day was barely half over and it had been difficult.  It was now becoming more torturous.  
This storm paled when compared to Anne’s first, but even the mildest of squalls could do damage to a small sloop like The Treasure, so Edwards had all hands on deck preparing for it.  The crew moved with military precision, swiftly following orders when they were given.
“Mr. Pierce,” the quarter master shouted, “Go tie up the mizzen mast.”  Anne’s heart sank.  She had been allotted that same task the night James had saved her.
“Aye, sir,” she hollered.  She ran to the quarter deck and shimmied up the mast.  In no time at all she had the sail of the main yard tied.  She shimmied up the rest of the mizzen mast and tied up the sail of the top yard as quickly as she had done the main and then returned to the safety of the deck.  
She had completed her chore flawlessly and not a trace of fear had entered her mind, yet tears had been streaming down her face the entire time.  It was too painful.  She almost died doing that task once and now she could complete it perfectly, but the man who had saved her life the first time and drilled her until she had perfected it was no longer there.  
She leaned feebly against the mizzen mast.  Her head spun and she felt as though she couldn’t breathe.  She felt sick.  Her thoughts were no longer lucid.  She felt as though her body were trying to escape through her skin.  This was the last straw.  She could no longer hold in all the sadness and anger.  She needed to do something extreme, or she would explode.  She didn’t care who saw her crying as she darted across the main deck.  She scrambled up the steps to the forecastle and leapt onto the bowsprit.
Nothing but a narrow beam of wood separated her from the choppy water that rushed under the hull.  Clinging to the jib sail, the danger helped to sober her.  Before she could give herself time to think, she closed her eyes and sucked in a shaky breath.
“Wait!” a voice shouted from behind her.  Anne let out what she had hoped was going to be her last breath.
“Go away, Mark,” she said as she glanced back over her shoulder.  
“What’s your name?” Mary asked.  “I know it’s not Aaron.”
“What are you talking about?” Anne scoffed.
“My name isn’t Mark.  It’s Mary,” she said.  “What’s yours?”
Anne couldn’t believe her ears.  She turned around on the beam and stared open mouthed at Mary.  Upon closer observation the sailor she had mistaken for a cabin boy was quite obviously a woman in disguise.  She could hardly believe she had not seen it before.
“Anne,” she replied dumbly.
“Anne, you should come down from there,” Mary coaxed gently.  
“No,” she replied, as tears rekindle themselves in her eyes.  “You don’t understand . . .”
“He died,” Mary interjected, “I know.  I was there.”  A light rain began to fall as The Treasure approached the storm.  
“Why did you do this to me?” Anne exclaimed, touching the bruise on her forehead.  “I missed his burial.  I didn’t get a chance to say good bye!”
“You would have given yourself away,” Mary said apologetically.
“You knew then that I wasn’t a man?  How?”
“By the pain in your face when you saw him fall,” she whispered, near tears herself.  “I lost my husband not long ago.  I could tell that he was more than another crew member to you.”
“He was my husband,” Anne whispered.
“Please come down, Anne,” Mary pleaded.  Anne nodded and leapt lithely onto the deck. 
Each woman studied the other for a moment.  Mary’s face was creased with concern and compassion, while Anne’s was grave and solemn at the realization that Mary had rescued her from herself.  
“Thank you,” Anne whispered and turned to rejoin the crew at their chores.
“Are you going to be all right?” Mary asked.  Anne stopped and stared at her for a moment.
“Yes,” she finally answered, “I think I will.”
“Mr. Pierce, Mr. Read,” Edwards yelled from the main deck, “stop standing ‘round chatting, or I’ll have you both whipped.”
“Aye, sir,” they both responded, and went their separate ways.
The storm was getting nasty and Edwards called for the extra hands on deck to get below.  Only a few men would remain on deck to maneuver the ship through the storm.  Mary hurried below to the sleeping cabin.  Nathaniel was already in the cabin, pulling off his wet clothing.
“Mark,” he called to her, toweling off with his blanket.
“What are you doing down here?” Mary asked, weaving through the other sailors bustling about the cabin.  “Doesn’t Rackham want you on deck to help navigate?”
“Not in a storm,” he laughed.  “Navigation isn’t a priority in inclement weather.  Rackham’s only concern right now is keeping his treasure afloat.”  Mary smiled.
Nathaniel had an interesting position on the ship.  His navigational skills were quickly making him a favorite of Rackham’s.  He took the guess work out of sea travel, and the captain and officers consulted him regularly.  He was part of the watch system and, according to the ship’s log, an average able bodied sailor, yet he was often invited to dine with the officers.  He did about half as much work as the other crew members simply because he was often called away from a task to give advice or assist the surgeon.  Normally a sailor perceived as a favorite amongst the officers was not well received by the rest of the crew, but Nathaniel was too good a fellow for anyone to harbor harsh feelings towards.
“Mr. Isenhart, Pete, and I were going to start of game of cards.  We need a fourth player.  Want to join us?” he asked.  Mary was about to answer in the affirmative, when she felt a tap on her shoulder.
“Excuse me,” Anne said.  “May I have a word with you . . . Mark?” she asked, glancing warily at Nathaniel.
“Of course,” she replied, following Anne.  “Perhaps later tonight,” she shouted over her shoulder to Nathaniel.  She could see the disappointment on his face, but she knew Anne needed her more at the moment.
Anne led Mary out of the sleeping cabin and down a ladder to a lower deck, away from the laughter and chaos of the rest of the crew.  She wandered through the different passageways of the lower decks until she found a space for them to have a private conference.  A closet filled with coils of rope in need of repair, spare hardware, and a few worn sails seemed to be their best option.  Anne pulled a few stubs of candle out of her pocket, set them on an empty overturned crate, and lit them before closing the door.
Mary hadn’t said anything on the way down, but now as she squatted down onto a coil of rope she spoke.
“What would you like to speak about, Anne?” she asked.  Anne realized that she wasn’t quite sure herself what she wanted to talk to Mary about.  She only knew that she needed someone.
“Does it ever go away?” she asked.
“What?” Mary responded.
“This feeling,” Anne began as tears welled up in her eyes, “that life is worthless without him.”  She collapsed into a cross legged position on the floor, like she had done many times when she hadn’t gotten her way as a child.  She buried her face in her hands and wept.
“Eventually,” Mary answered, after letting Anne cry a few moments.
“How long does it take?” she asked in a cracking voice.
“I suppose it’s different for everyone,” Mary replied gently.  “It took me weeks before I would even get out of bed, and then sometime after that before I could remember what happiness felt like.  In fact, I’m still not sure if I remember.”  She put a hand on Anne’s shaking shoulders.  Anne raised her head and stared at Mary with wet eyes.
“I admire your courage,” Mary continued.  “I do not think I could have carried on and pretended nothing was wrong as you have had to do.”
“I wasn’t given another option,” Anne mumbled with a fresh burst of tears.  Mary slipped off her coil of rope and onto the deck next to Anne, wrapping an arm around her hunched shoulders.
“It’s difficult,” Mary sighed.  “The smallest of things can serve as the most terrible of reminders.”  Anne nodded and continued crying.  “I nearly drove myself crazy,” Mary divulged, “lingering over the things that reminded me of my husband.  A friend who was a doctor noticed my odd behavior, despite my efforts to keep it secret.  But then again, I suppose most of my life I have lived a secret.”  Anne straightened up and wiped her face on her sleeve.  
“Tell me about your life,” she said.  She had cried herself out, at least for the time being.  Now she needed a distraction.  The women sat crossed legged facing each other, their knees only inches apart in the narrow closet, like two little girls hiding out, sharing secrets.
“What would you like to know?” Mary smiled.
“Everything, I guess,” Anne answered.  “Are you really seventeen?”
“No,” Mary laughed.  “I’m twenty, but seventeen is about the oldest I can fool anyone into believing I am when I’m dressed like this.  How old are you?”
“Well, I’ve sort of lost track of the days of the month, but I know I turned eighteen sometime in the past month,” Anne said, knitting her eyebrows together trying to remember how many weeks she had been at sea.
“Happy belated birthday,” Mary smiled.
“Thank you,” Anne replied, a small smile tugging at the corner of her mouth.  “Was everything else you told me that morning at breakfast true?  Were you born in London?”
“Yes,” Mary answered.
“Then start there,” Anne said.  “You were born in London and then what?”
“I was born in London . . .” Mary reiterated, beginning her tale with a smile.  It took her quite some time to share her life’s account in as much detail as Anne required.  Mary shed a few tears while recounting the sad events, but also laughed at the happy ones.  Anne made a very attentive audience.  She was fascinated by and almost jealous of all Mary’s adventures.
“You mean he doesn’t know?  You haven’t told him?” Anne exclaimed, as Mary finished telling the most recent events of her life.
“Who?” Mary asked, scrunching her brow.
“What do you mean ‘who?’” she teased, “Nathaniel of course.”
“Anne,” Mary exclaimed, “my husband died less than six months ago.”
“You’re right,” Anne sighed.  “I’m sorry.  You do seem to be quite close to the navigator . . . I was only curious.” She fell quiet and they sat in silence for a moment.  “Do you think you will ever marry again?” she finally asked.
“I haven’t given it much thought,” Mary replied, raising her eyebrows.  “I don’t think much about the future anymore.  Being widowed at twenty tends to knock all the hope and optimism out of you.”
“Being widowed at eighteen does the same thing,” Anne chimed in knowingly.  Mary studied Anne’s pensive face in the candle light.
“What about you?” Mary asked.  “What’s your history?  I’ll understand if you have to leave out the parts that might be hard to retell right now.”  Anne looked up at Mary and nodded.
“Of course,” she said huskily.  
“You were born in Charles Town and then what?” Mary prompted.
“I was born in Charles Town,” Anne began, clearing her throat, “but I was conceived in County Cork, Ireland . . .” She managed to recount all of her life, but not without many outbursts of tears and the encouragement of Mary.  
“The worst part is,” Anne muttered through tears, “I didn’t get a chance to say good bye.”
“I’m sorry,” Mary whispered.  “I thought putting you out would be the best way to keep you out of trouble.”
“No,” Anne said, shaking her head.  “It’s not your fault.  If I had known going into battle that he would be the one to . . . I know he feared for my safety much more than I feared for his.  The odds were always stacked against me, but to me he was invincible.  He was never in danger because he always knew what to do.”  She sighed.  “I only wish I could have had a good bye from him . . . but he was dead the instant he hit the deck.  Even if you hadn’t stopped me, it would have been no use.”
“Anne,” Mary whispered.  “You mustn’t regret it.  It sounds like you made him a very happy man.  I’m sure he was honored to be your husband, even if it was for a short while.  You brought him back to life when you let him love you.”
“If only I could bring him back to life now.”  Anne buried her face in Mary’s shoulder and sobbed.  Mary wrapped her arms around Anne’s trembling shoulders as silent tears fell down her own cheeks.  They remained like that for many minutes before Anne was able to control her crying.  Finally she sat up and rubbed her eyes.  All but one of the candles had burned out and it sputtered, struggling to survive on its last bit of wax.
“Thank you,” Anne murmured.  “You saved me today.”
“Thank you,” Mary smiled.
“Whatever for?” Anne asked.
“I didn’t realize until tonight, but I have never had a friend who was a girl.  I never had a sister to share secrets with, or a school mate to whisper to.  I’ve always had to pretend to be a boy.  I had lots of boys for friends, but never another girl.  I suppose my mother would be the closest one,” she laughed.
“You’re welcome,” Anne smiled.
“We should get back,” Mary said, standing and stretching her legs.  Anne picked up the last bit of candle and opened the closet door.  She poked her head out into the passage to make sure no one was there and then led the way back up to the sleeping cabin.  Only a light pattering of rain could be heard on the deck above, so they knew the worst of the storm had passed.
“Good night,” Anne whispered, blowing out the candle before they entered the cabin full of sleeping men.
“Good night,” Mary whispered back, tiptoeing towards her hammock.  As she crept passed Nathaniel’s hammock she stopped for a second to watch him sleep.  His chest gently rose and fell with each breath.  His face was placid.  For the first time, Mary noticed how long his eyelashes were as they rested gently on his cheeks.
She climbed into her own hammock and thought about Anne’s question.  Up until tonight she hadn’t thought about ever marrying again, but she also knew she wasn’t going to spend the rest of her life in mourning either.  Sighing, she pushed these thoughts out of her head, pulled the itchy wool blanket over her legs, and tried to fall asleep.


Chapter 15

The next morning Mary woke up feeling the need to reconcile with Nathaniel for having slighted him the evening before.  She sat up and looked around the cabin.  Nathaniel wasn’t in his hammock and most of the men were already up and about.  She glanced over at Anne’s hammock, but she was already gone as well.  Mary remembered that falling asleep had been difficult and realized that she must have slept in.  
Her bare feet thudded onto the deck as she hopped out of her hammock and hurried down to the galley.  She was on the forenoon watch and hadn’t woken up when the morning watch was announced.  She didn’t know how much time she had before her shift started, and she needed some breakfast in her stomach before then.  
The galley was a bustling place.  Most of the long wooden tables were occupied and the cook had all he could handle spooning out bowls of porridge.  Mary waited in line for her breakfast and then looked for a place to sit.  
“Mark,” someone called from the back of the room.  Nathaniel smiled and waved at her.  The man across from him turned around and smiled.  It was Anne.  Mary gave her a questioning look as she made her way through the crowded room.  
“Good morning,” Nathaniel greeted her as she sat down beside him.
“I didn’t know you two were acquainted,” Mary replied, delving into her breakfast and glancing from him to Anne.
“I took the liberty of introducing myself this morning,” Anne said.  “I understand I kept you from a rather exciting game of cards last night.”
“It was only exciting because we caught Danny trying to cheat.  It wasn’t for money, though, so it was all in good fun.  You’re welcome to play with us from now on, Aaron” Nathaniel offered.
“I’d enjoy that,” Anne nodded.  Mary smiled to herself.  She wasn’t surprised that Nathaniel had already befriended the one person onboard who, less than twenty-four hours ago, would barely acknowledge another human being.  
The ship’s bell clanged three times, announcing the start of the forenoon watch. 
“Shit,” Mary muttered, shoveling as much porridge in her mouth as she could.
“Ready to see what sort of damage that storm did, Mark?” Nathaniel asked.  They were both on the forenoon watch.  She nodded because her mouth was full, but forced in more porridge as she stood up with her still half full bowl.  
“Aaron,” Nathaniel said, extending his hand.
“Pleasure to meet you,” she replied, shaking his hand.
Anne remained at the table as Nathaniel and Mary wove their way through the crowded galley.
“You were right,” he muttered.
“About what?”
“He did need someone to talk with,” he admitted.  “I don’t know what you said to him, but he seems an entirely different lad from the shadow of a boy that was wandering around the ship before.”
“Is he?” Mary asked casually.
“He’s still a bit solemn, but not grave like he was.  At least now he’s amiable.  The point is you were right.  The boy can’t be more than sixteen, I shouldn’t have objected when you wanted to help him out.”  Nathaniel almost seemed relieved.  
“Well, it was nice of you to invite him to play cards,” she said.
“Yes, now if only I could get you to play,” he joked as they climbed up onto the main deck.  
The men on the morning watch had already scrubbed the deck and repaired the sails.  Drops of water still clung to the rigging and they glistened in the bright morning light.  It was a beautiful morning, despite the rough night.

Anne and Mary were soon as thick as thieves.  They no longer hid out in the bowels of the ship in woe and sadness, but they spent most of their time together when off watch.  When Anne was having a difficult day, a reassuring hug from Mary helped her get through it.  
They shared their tips and tricks for successfully concealing their gender and dealing with women’s hygiene aboard a ship of men.  Bathing was typically unheard of amongst common sailors and had previously been an impossibility for either woman.  Now, one could stand watch for the other while she washed up with a bucket of water.  The friendship quickly became known aboard the ship, and the crew knew that where one was, the other was not far off. 
One evening, Anne and Mary were dining in the galley with Pete and Danny as they normally would, when Nathaniel delivered an unusual message.  He was wearing his blue coat trimmed with brass buttons, and he skipped the line for food when he came in, so Mary assumed he had dined with the officers that evening.
“What was the order of business at dinner tonight?” she asked as he sat down.
“Well, as you know, Rackham’s been having me direct him back to the Caribbean.  Tonight’s little dinner party was to make a plan for once we get there.  It’s been decided that we’ll immediately land at Nassau Harbor to split the cargo and release some of the crew before continuing.”  
“Release some of the crew?” Mary exclaimed.  
“Nassau Harbor,” Pete cut in.  “Boy, Rackham sure isn’t shy about being a pirate.  Nassau may as well be the pirate headquarters of the western hemisphere.  It’s constantly raided.  If Rackham’s looking to avoid the Navy, Nassau Harbor is the last place he should sail for.”  Mary looked at Anne, who wore the same worried expression as her.  She hadn’t given much thought to what she would do if she was given the option of freeing herself from piracy.
“My thinking exactly,” Nathaniel chimed in, “Rackham seems quite upset over it.  In fact, I don’t think he ate any of his dinner, but the Navy doesn’t seem to bother Mr. Thorpe.  He’s all for sailing to Nassau.  I don’t know who decided to make him an officer, but whoever it was wasn’t clear-headed when he did so.”  The men at the table guffawed heartily, mainly because his comment was probably true.  Many of the officers had received their positions the night the crews merged, during the drunken festivities.
“Wherever we go,” Nathaniel continued, “it best be south.  It’s already October, and I don’t want to be caught anywhere north of forty-five degrees when winter arrives.”
“It’s already October,” Anne exclaimed.  This induced another roar of laughter from the men.
“I’m afraid so,” Nathaniel smiled.  “Oh, and I almost forgot.  The captain would like to speak with you, Aaron.”
“What of?” she asked, wrinkling her brow.
“He didn’t say,” he answered, “but I was instructed to send you straight up when I found you.” 
“Thank you, Nathaniel,” she muttered, standing, and taking her dirty dish to the cook.  Mary threw her an inquisitive look as she left the galley and climbed up to the main deck.  
Anne’s mind turned, searching for a reason why Rackham would need to speak to her in private.  She was doing as he had instructed, carrying on as if she hadn’t lost her husband.  His cabin was located under the quarterdeck, level with the main deck.  She hesitated outside the door for a moment before knocking.  Anne could hear Rackham’s boots echo on the floorboards as he approached the door from the other side.  She reluctantly removed her hat out of respect as Rackham opened the door.
“Anne,” he welcomed her, looking almost surprised by her presence.
“I got your message,” she murmured.
“Please come in,” he said, holding the door open for her.  She hadn’t been in the captain’s cabin since the day James discovered her gender.  Almost all the furnishings had been replaced with more expensive ones.  The table was set with two places, and Anne realized she had been invited to dinner.
“Make yourself comfortable,” Rackham said, pulling out a chair for her.  Anne timidly took a seat on the velvet upholstered chair, not wanting to get it dirty with her grubby clothing.  It was the most comfortable seat she had been in since leaving home three months ago.  Thinking of home made her miss her mother.
“Are you hungry?” he asked, lifting the lid off a platter of boiled potatoes.
“No, but thank you,” she replied.  “The stew was quite tolerable this evening.”  He smirked and replaced the lid.  
“How have you been, Anne?”
“I’m fine.”
“You’re getting along all right?”
“I suppose,” she answered guardedly.
“Yes, lately you seem to be doing fine,” he mused, pacing a bit.  “I only ask because I know I expect a lot from you.”  Anne glanced at the captain with raised eyebrows.  “You have done well keeping up your disguise, so good that sometimes I forget you are a woman.  I forget that you are not used to this life.  You were a young lady before you came aboard my ship, and I am sorry I didn’t treat you the way a young lady should be treated.”
“I beg your pardon?” Anne asked.
“I commend you for adjusting so well, but I never should have expected you to lead the life of a sailor,” he said, staring at her with wide apologetic eyes.  
“I thought you said it was impossible.  Having a woman on board was dangerous,” she said suspiciously.
“It still is for you, but now I answer to no one.  What I’m trying to say, Anne, is that you no longer have to disguise yourself.  You may dress and behave as a woman again.”  Anne was silent for a moment as his proposal sank in.
“Is my performance as an able bodied sailor somehow unsatisfactory to you, Captain?” she asked, coming to the conclusion that this was his way of dismissing her from her duties because of her inferior skills.
“No, nothing like that,” he laughed.  “Our crew is plenty big now.  You do not need to be a part of the watch anymore, and I don’t have to fear being discovered with a woman aboard, now that I am operating outside of the law.”  He studied Anne’s shocked expression for a moment.  “I have made arrangements for you to stay in one of the empty officer’s cabins, and . . . I got something for you.”  He nodded towards a trunk in the corner, indicating to Anne he wanted her to open it.  
She hesitantly approached the trunk and lifted the lid.  The object inside was familiar and yet foreign.  She delicately lifted the burgundy dress and immediately noticed that it was the same style of dress she had worn when she first met the captain.  Her mind spun with a thousand thoughts, but none of them made sense.  She dropped the dress back into the trunk, and closed it.  
“No,” she said, shaking her head, “I’m part of the crew now.”  She stood up, retrieved her hat, and walked to the door.  Rackham stepped in her path.  
“Anne, I thought you wanted to . . .” he began.
“Have you told any of the officers about me?” she demanded, quickly angering.
“I have not,” he replied.
“Good,” she retorted, pushing past him.
“Have you told anyone recently?” he asked, grabbing her by the arm.
“If I have, it’s my concern, not yours.”
“Anne,” he said sternly.  
“I can divulge my secret to whomever I chose,” she snapped, ripping her arm out of his grasp.
“You’ve been spending an awful lot of time with the Read boy,” he pressed.
“So what if I am?” she taunted, their conversation quickly darkening.
“The last time you developed a close friendship with a fellow crew member he became your husband,” the captain spat.
“Is that what this is all about?” she shrieked.  “Did you bring me here tonight to mock me or to claim me before someone else could?”
“Neither,” Rackham yelled back.  “I brought you here tonight because I thought it was the gentlemanly thing to do and that you would want to be treated as a lady from now on.”
“Well I don’t.  I wish to remain a member of the crew,” Anne replied sharply, opening the door.  
“What about Mr. Read?” he asked again, this time in a calmer voice.
“Never you mind him,” she answered, slamming the door behind her.  She thought she could hear dishes clattering in the captain’s cabin as she pounded across the deck.  
As she breathed in the chilly night air, trying to calm herself, she realized that Nathaniel was right.  She could feel the change in the atmosphere and realized just how long she had been away from home.  For a moment she wondered if her parents were still looking for her. 
When her temper subsided, she rejoined the crew in the sleeping cabin.  Most of the men were lounging around before turning into bed for the night.  Mary saw her come in and jumped nimbly out of her hammock to meet her.
“What did Rackham want?” she asked in a low voice.  
“I can’t tell you here,” she whispered.  “Later.”  Mary could see that whatever Rackham said had upset Anne which in turn made her upset.
“No, now,” she replied, pushing her towards the ladder to go below decks.  Down in the hold Anne plopped onto the deck and leaned against a crate.
“Remember what I told you about Rackham that first night we spoke?  How I foolishly followed him out to sea and how James turned me in when he discovered I was a woman?”
“Yes, of course I remember,” Mary answered, sitting down next to Anne, her face creased with concern.
“Well, tonight when I went into his cabin, the table was set for two and there was a nice dinner prepared.  He apologized for forcing me to remain a member of the crew when he found out I was aboard.”  She paused for a moment to check her temper before continuing.  
“He told me that I didn’t have to disguise myself anymore and that he wanted me to dress and act as a lady from now on.”  Mary gasped and her eyes widened in disbelief, but she didn’t interrupt.  “He made arrangements for me to live in an officer’s cabin, and he even has a dress for me.”  She looked at Mary’s expectant face.
“Well?” she pressed.
“Well what?” Anne asked.
“Are you going to reveal yourself?”
“Of course not!” Anne exclaimed, slightly insulted that Mary thought she would consider it.  “Can’t you see his true intentions?  After I told him no, he asked if I had told anyone else I was a woman.  I told him it was none of his business, and he immediately wanted to know if I had told you.”
“Why?” Mary asked confusedly.  “Does he suspect I’m a woman?”
“No!” Anne exclaimed.  “He’s jealous of you!”
“Oh!” Mary replied, dumbstruck at the realization.  
“He thinks you’re my next conquest.  James died less than a month ago,” Anne cried.  “What sort of woman does he think I am?”  She buried her face in her hands and cried.  Mary wrapped one of her arms around Anne and pulled her to her side.
“There is the possibility that he does truly care about you,” Mary offered.
“No,” Anne said, poking her head out to respond.  “He tried to give me some horse shit answer about him wanting to do the gentlemanly thing, but if he were a gentleman he would have treated me like a lady a long time ago.  There were other times when it would have been appropriate for him to announce to the crew I was a woman . . . when he first turned pirate or after the crews merged.  After we captured Penning’s ship, he told me I would have to be especially careful in concealing my gender.  Even if he did care about me, he was never man enough to put himself in harm’s way for me.  When he was a privateer, he told me I would have to disguise myself because if he was caught with a woman aboard he could be hung.  When the crews merged he did not want me behaving suspiciously because he thought it might lead to mutiny.  The man is nothing but a coward.”
“Don’t judge him too harshly,” said Mary gently.  “I’ve found Rackham to be a good man and a good captain.  He is responsible for the well-being of the crew, and your feelings are not the only factor he has to consider when making a decision that might affect them all.”
Anne pouted, unable to make a better argument.  This was the closest she had ever come to being upset with Mary.  Then she realized that she wasn’t upset with Mary but at the possibility of the truth in her words.
“Either way,” Anne sighed, “I want to remain a member of the crew.  The thought of sitting on deck in a dress trifling away the time while the rest of the crew puts in an honest day’s work makes me sick.”
Mary laughed, “and to think you probably hadn’t done an honest day’s work before stepping onto this ship.”  Anne cracked a small smile.
“I have changed a lot these past three months,” she replied.
“You have changed a lot these past three weeks,” Mary added. 

A few days later, The Treasure came across a calm, windless patch of ocean.  The crew woke up to discover the sails hanging limp on the masts and the sea as smooth as glass with nothing more than ripples for waves.  The Treasure had come to a dead stop in the middle of the ocean.
“We’ll spend today cleaning up ship,” Edwards announced to the crew, “Repairing ropes, replacing sails, scrubbing the deck, and I’ll need a crew to go down and scrape the hull and patch with tar.  We want her running smoothly if we do find a gust of wind.  Tomorrow, if the weather does not change, we’ll send out the boats to tug her to wind.”  
The crew grumbled amongst themselves, but Edwards ignored it and began dividing them up into work forces.  Windless days did not occur often, but when they did, it meant the entire crew worked all day, instead of the normal watch system.  If there was no wind for a second day in a row, the crew was sent out in small row boats attached to the ship with chains and tugged it along with man power until wind could be found.  This could go on for days.  When the wind disappeared, so did the crew’s morale.
Anne was assigned to help repair rope down on the gun deck.  She sighed.  This was a tedious task, and she wasn’t a patient person.  Rope is made up lots of little threads.  A handful of threads is wound together to create a larger thread.  These bigger threads are twisted together to make a cord.  Several cords are wound together to make a rope.  When a rope needs repair, all the snapped threads must be tied to their original partners and then sealed with a dab of tar.  It reminded Anne of sewing, an activity she dreaded.  She reluctantly made her way down to the gun deck to begin her task.
Mary was instructed to help clean and repair the hull.  With this job, a few men are lowered to the water in a row boat.  From the row boat they can reach the hull to scrape off the accumulated seaweed and shells, replace leaky boards, and fill in any cracks with tar.  Mary remained on deck and helped lower the boats.  She and a few others also had the responsibility of providing the men in the boats with the necessary supplies using a platform on a pulley.  Her morning was spent refilling tar guns and hauling planks of wood up to the deck to replace the old ones.  It was one of the more lowly jobs, given to inexperienced or injured sailors.  Jim, whose shoulder was still on the mend from when Anne shot him, was also left on deck to mix tar and carry wood.
At noon, everyone was given a break to eat.  Mary wiped the sweat off her forehead with her sleeve, and leaned over the side of the ship to yell down to the men below.
“We get a break for lunch,” she hollered.  “Do you want to come up or should we lower down some grub?”
“Bring us up,” one of the sailors yelled.  “I need to get off this bloody boat and out of the blasted sun!”
“They want to come up,” Mary said wearily to the other three men on detail with her.  They readied the pulleys and ropes and got themselves into position to haul the boat up, Mary and Jim on one rope and the other two on the second rope.
“Ready lads?” Jim asked.
“Aye,” they replied in a weak chorus.
“Haul,” Jim instructed as he began chanting.  The men pulled on the rope in time with the chant, hand over hand, slowly bringing up the boat.  Mary’s arms ached from all the lifting and carrying she had already done that morning, and the boat only felt heavier the higher it was raised.
Suddenly, Jim stopped chanting and gasped.  Mary glimpsed behind her only to see him drop the rope and clutch his shoulder.  Without Jim pulling, Mary was jerked forward by the weight of the boat.  She tightened her grip but the rope ripped through her palms as her end of the boat fell back towards the ocean.
“Let go!” she shouted to the men on the other rope.  The pulleys squealed as the boat plummeted back to the water and landed with a splash.  The sailors in the boat hollered with confusion.  Mary rushed to the side and looked over, afraid of the damage she might see.  The men lay sprawled out in the boat, but all seemed to be fine as they scrambled to get their feet back below their heads.
“Is everyone all right?” Mary called down.
“What the hell are you trying to do?” one of them yelled, as the others cursed and grunted trying to right themselves in the small boat.
“You’re fine?” she asked again.
“Yes, we’re all fine,” the man grumbled, “but what the devil is . . .”
Mary didn’t take time to listen to the rest of the man’s complaint.  Jim needed attending.  The other two sailors pulling up the boat were both at his side as he moaned and held his shoulder.
“What happened?” one of them asked.
“I don’t know,” he grimaced.  “It just gave out on me.”
By this time a fairly large crowd had gathered to see what all the commotion was about.  The two men attending Jim helped him to his feet and took him to the surgeon.  Mary had three of the bystanders help her pull the row boat of angry sailors up from the water.  Captain Rackham made his way through the crowd as the men climbed onto the deck.
“What’s all this about?” he demanded.  
“This lad nearly killed us!” one of the men from the boat shouted.
“What!” Mary exclaimed, “but it wasn’t my fault . . .” The man cut her off.
“They was hauling us up, and as the boat got to the top we could feel the stern drop.  Then I hear this lad holler ‘let go’ and we fell all the way back to the water.  Nearly cracked my head open when we landed.”
“What’s all this about, Mr. Read?” the captain demanded, turning his cold eyes on her.
“Well, it’s like he said,” Mary began.  “Jim and I were pulling up the stern when his bad shoulder gave out.  He let go of the rope, and I couldn’t hold the weight on my own.  I thought it best to let the whole rig drop then to leave it hanging by the bow, so I yelled for the other two lads to let go.”  Her words came out in a flustered, rambling string.  Her weak defense ended up sounding like sabotage.  She scanned the crowd for someone willing to help defend her, but no one seemed to have witnessed the event and Jim and the other two sailors were below.
“Mr. Edwards?” Rackham called.
“Captain?” the quarter master replied, pushing to the front of the crowd.
“Twenty lashings for Mr. Read for his clumsiness,” Rackham said firmly.  Mary’s eyes popped.
“But, Captain . . .” Edwards began.
“Some accidents cannot go unpunished, Mr. Edwards,” Rackham spat.
“But it wasn’t entirely my fault,” Mary exclaimed, finally finding her words.  “What about the other three?”
“And then have him keelhauled,” the captain added fiercely, “for his insubordination and for knowingly putting fellow crew members in harm’s way.”
Mary’s jaw dropped and she felt sick to her stomach.  She had heard of keelhauling before, but she hadn’t thought any captain was actually cruel enough to practice it.  As punishment, a man was dropped into the water with a rope around his waist and hauled back and forth under the keel of the ship until he was nearly drowned.  
Mary tried to figure out how the situation had escalated so quickly.  It had been an accident and no one in the boat was hurt.  Once again she scanned the crowd for someone willing to stand up for her.  She caught a glimpse of Nathaniel leaving the deck, and her spirit fell completely.  
“Mr. Edwards,” Rackham shouted, prompting him to act.
“Captain,” Edwards pleaded, “please see reason . . .”
“Allow me, Captain,” a loud, horrifyingly familiar voice boomed from the crowd.  Mr. Thorpe shouldered his way through the mob of sailors.  “Mr. Edwards wouldn’t do it properly, anyway.”  The whip was already in his hand as he came to stand beside the captain.  A cruel smirk twisted his face as he flexed his fist around the handle.  The nine black leather cords hung along his side, dancing with every movement of his wrist.  Rackham studied the man for a moment.
“Very well, Mr. Thorpe,” he replied.  “Get on with it, but remember . . . only twenty.”
“Aye, Captain,” Mr. Thorpe agreed, not hiding his disappointment.
Mary didn’t have time to think or react as Mr. Thorpe grabbed her by the collar and forced her across the deck to the main mast.  The crew parted quickly, allowing them to pass through.  All Mary could do was hope someone would intervene on her behalf.  As she was dragged past her crew members she looked up at them with pleading eyes.  They gave her apologetic looks, yet seemed relieved it wasn’t them who was about to feel the cat of nine tails on their back.  
Mr. Thorpe threw her against the main mast and called for a rope to tie her hands.
“Take off your shirt, boy!” he yelled.  Mary froze, seized by another wave of panic.  She hadn’t even considered that getting a lashing would require her to remove her shirt.  She was at a complete loss.  Her mind was too scrambled with fear to even think through her options.  Gazing out at the silent crew, she knew she couldn’t remove her shirt.  All she could do was stare dumbly at Mr. Thorpe who again roared at her to take off her shirt.
“Wait!” someone shouted.  Anne emerged from below decks, followed by Nathaniel.  Mary wanted to breathe a sigh of relief, but she was still too frightened.  “Captain Rackham, I would like a word with you . . . before Mr. Thorpe continues,” Anne said boldly.
“What’s this all about?” Mr. Thorpe rumbled, turning to the captain.  Rackham looked from Anne to Mr. Thorpe to Mary and then back to Anne before answering.
“Of course, Mr. Pierce,” he said guardedly, striding across the deck to his cabin.  Anne ran after him.  “Mr. Thorpe, do not touch a hair on that boy’s head until instructed otherwise,” Rackham warned, opening his cabin door.
The door had barely closed again when Anne began to speak.
“She’s a woman,” she blurted, glaring at Rackham with eyes of stone.
“What?” the captain cried.
“Mr. Read is a woman.  Her name is Mary,” Anne explained hastily.
“Impossible,” Rackham gasped.
“Clearly it is possible,” she retorted, “seeing as I stand here before you.”
Rackham threw open the cabin door and every set of eyes on deck shifted from Mary to him.  Mr. Thorpe stood less than a foot away from Mary, glowering at her, his arms folded around the whip.
“Come in here please, Mr. Read,” the captain shouted, “and the rest of you get back to work.”
The crew broke into anxious conversation as they dispersed, and Mary dashed across the deck to the safety of the captain’s cabin.  He quickly shut the door behind her.  
“Sit down, please,” he said.  Mary quickly took the closest chair.  He remained with his back to the women for a moment, his forehead in his hand as if deep in thought.  After what felt like an eternity to Mary, he sighed and turned around.
“Mary?” he asked in a tone indicating he was trying to ascertain the truth.  He stared her straight in the face with wide fretful eyes.  She stole a glance at Anne who nodded reassuringly.
“Yes, Captain,” she replied slowly.  The captain’s shoulders collapsed as all the tension went out of them and once again he brought his hand to his forehead.
“Oh my Lord,” he breathed, beginning to pace.  “I cannot believe what I almost did to you . . . what I almost did to this crew.  I dread to imagine what might have happened if you removed your shirt in front of forty men . . . and then to think I was going to have you keelhauled!”  He stopped pacing and approached Mary, getting down on one knee before her and taking her hand.  “Are you quite all right, ma’am?” he asked in a voice so sincere it shocked Mary.  She gawked at the captain and again glanced at Anne who also looked like she had suddenly been slapped.
“I am fine, Captain,” Mary reassured him, pulling her hand out of his, and recomposing her face.  “I’ve suffered worse scares than that.”
“My deepest apologies,” he said, standing.  He stared at her for a few moments with a pensive look and then glanced at Anne.
“Does anyone besides Anne know that you are a woman?” he asked.
“No, Captain,” she replied.
“No one from Jupiter’s Vengeance?”
“No, Captain.”  Nathaniel crossed her mind, but he didn’t know anything for certain.
“Good,” he said, and began to pace again.  “When did you two find out about the other?”
Mary nodded at Anne, letting her answer.
“Mary told me about a month ago, but at that time she knew I was a woman because . . .” she paused and thought of the simplest way to put it, “because she’s more observant than I.”
“I suppose it is easy to spot a disguise when you are wearing one yourself,” he murmured, glancing at Mary.
“Yes, something like that,” she replied.
“If you don’t mind my asking,” he pressed, “how did you get here and why would you want to undertake a sailor’s life?”
Mary gave the briefest possible synopsis of her life, editing it to the bare essentials.
“Well,” he said with a business-like air as she finished, “it is only fair that I make you the same offer I made Anne.  If you wish, you may come out to the crew as a woman, and I will relieve you of your position in the watch.  You may stay in the cabin I made available for Anne.”
Both Mary and Anne were surprised by the generosity of his offer.  Mary turned to her friend looking for advice of some sort.
“Of course, I renew my offer to you too, Anne,” the captain added.  “If it was for Mary’s sake that you didn’t want to expose yourself before, I understand that your wishes may now have changed.  You may both reveal yourself to the crew.  You would have to share the cabin I had readied, but I don’t think you will object to that.” 
“May we have a minute, Captain?” Anne asked, still in a state of shock.
“Of course,” he exclaimed, hurrying towards the door.  “I’ll be right outside if you need me.”  He began closing the door behind him, but then reopened it and stuck his head back in.  “Would you ladies like some tea?”
“No thank you,” Anne answered quickly.
“Well?” Mary asked as the door clicked shut.
“Mary,” Anne erupted, “he tried to have you killed!”
“Whisper,” Mary responded calmly.  She knew from experience that voices traveled through cabin walls.  
“He tried to have you killed,” Anne repeated in a harsh whisper.
“Nonsense,” Mary replied.
“He gave Mr. Thorpe free reign over you and was going to have you keelhauled all because he was jealous!” she persisted.
“Anne, Rackham’s punishment was justifiable,” Mary argued.  “Twenty lashings for clumsiness is perfectly acceptable on any other ship in the Atlantic, and keelhauling for arguing with the captain in front of his crew seems reasonable, especially when you consider it looked like I was intentionally trying to harm other crew members.  Rackham has to think of his reputation.  With a crew this big he cannot afford to let error go unpunished and he certainly cannot afford to be questioned in front of his crew.”  Once again, Anne was frustrated that she couldn’t argue with Mary’s reasoning.  She huffed and plopped down in Rackham’s chair, throwing her filthy feet onto his desk.
“Anne!” Mary scolded.  Anne rolled her eyes and reluctantly took her feet off the desk.
“So what are we to do?” she asked.
“I want to remain part of the crew,” Mary answered frankly.  “It’s like you said, I couldn’t think of sitting around all day while the rest of the crew worked.”  Anne nodded to show her agreement and then sat back in her chair with a serious expression.
“What are you thinking?” Mary asked.
“I’m thinking about Nathaniel,” Anne replied.
“What about him?” 
“He’s the reason you are not being keelhauled right now.  He came to get me when he saw you were in trouble.  He knows something is going on between you, me, and Rackham.  He must suspect you’re a woman, and once he’s certain of that, it isn’t a far jump for him to figure I’m a woman,” Anne explained.
“He knows,” Mary admitted.
“You told him!” Anne exclaimed excitedly.
“No, but I can tell by the way he looks at me.  Sometimes it is as if he is reading my mind, just waiting for me to explain everything to him.”  Mary had a distant look on her face.  It made Anne smirk.
“Then tell him,” Anne coaxed.  “Rackham likes Nathaniel.  I’m sure if we explained the situation to him, he would let Nathaniel in on the secret.”
“No,” Mary shook her head.  “It wouldn’t be necessary.  Nathaniel would never press me for the truth or an explanation.  What does it matter if I am friends with him as a man or a woman?  If I were to only reveal myself as a woman to him, that might imply certain things or change how we act towards one another.”
“When are you going to admit you love him?” Anne exclaimed.
“Shhh!” Mary hissed, realizing their voices had escalated with the conversation.  Anne stared angrily at her for a moment.  “I cannot admit to something that is not true,” Mary replied firmly.
“Now you’re not only lying to Nathaniel and me, you’re also lying to yourself,” Anne whispered sharply.
“I’m not lying to him,” Mary said dejectedly, “but I cannot tell him the truth . . . at the moment.”  She sighed and slumped back in her chair.  She looked to Anne with a doleful and anxious expression, waiting for her acquiesce.
“Very well,” Anne finally muttered.  “Shall I fetch the captain?”
“Have we reached a decision?”
“I don’t know?” Anne teased.  “Have we?”
“Yes,” Mary replied slightly annoyed, and got up to let in the captain.  Anne, remembering where she sat, leapt out of his chair.  As he had promised, Rackham was right outside the door waiting for them.
“Well,” he said anxiously, closing the door behind him, “what have you decided?”
“We both wish to remain members of the crew,” Mary said confidently.
“I see,” he said, obviously disappointed.  “And there is nothing I can do to change your minds?”
“I’m afraid not, Captain,” Mary answered gently.  “We’ll leave here and return to the crew as if nothing has happened.  You’re all the wiser, and there is no harm done.”
“As you wish,” he said, composing himself into his usual serious disposition.  “Then my only request is that, as before, you take the utmost of care in concealing yourselves.”
“Of course,” Mary replied.  He looked to Anne, and she nodded curtly to show her agreement.
“Very good,” he said, opening the cabin door.  “You may go, and if either of you should change your minds, please let me know.”
“Thank you, Captain,” Mary smiled.
“Thank you,” Anne said, following Mary out.  She could feel the captain’s eyes follow her as she walked across the deck.
“I cannot believe how well that went,” she whispered to Mary as they climbed down the main hatch on their way to the galley.  Most of the crew had returned to their tasks, but Anne and Mary hadn’t eaten lunch yet.
“He was a different person,” Mary exclaimed. “Would you ladies like some tea?” she imitated the captain’s voice and giggled.  Anne smiled reluctantly.
“It’s so strange seeing him act like that.  That is how he acted when he came to visit my father’s plantation, gentlemanly and attentive . . .” She trailed off.
“Have you changed your mind?” Mary asked, studying Anne.
“Of course not,” Anne exclaimed.
“He would treat you like that all the time if you came out to the crew as a lady,” Mary reminded her.
“I know,” Anne sighed, “but I am part of the crew, and I want it that way.”
“You’re all right!” Nathaniel exclaimed as the women entered the galley.  He jumped up from his seat and banged his knee on the table.  Anne gave Mary a mischievous look and then went to get a bowl of stew.
“Yes, I’m fine,” Mary smiled.
“What did Rackham say?” he asked eagerly.
“He apologized for the misunderstanding,” said Mary simply.
“That’s all?” he exclaimed.
“That’s all,” she fibbed.
“Nothing else?” he asked, obviously disappointed by her lie.
“No,” Mary replied calmly.  Her heart ached when she saw Nathaniel try to hide his dejected expression.
“Come get something to eat,” he said with empty cheer.  Mary got a bowl of stew, but had lost her appetite.  She knew she would be distracted the rest of the day.
Anne also had difficultly focusing when she returned to her work.  She kept replaying the occurrences from Rackham’s cabin.  His offer was immensely generous, and he had left it open to them.  She kept picturing him down on his knee, apologizing to Mary as if she were a queen.  He had been ever so cooperative and understanding.  She couldn’t believe she had hated the man at breakfast.  She began to remember all the times she had snapped at him, or unleashed her temper on him, or insulted him, and suddenly she was feeling very guilty.
The afternoon and evening flew by while Anne was busy inside her own mind.  She hadn’t spoken to anyone since lunch.  Mary came up to her as she lounged in her hammock after supper.
“What’s the matter with you?” she frowned.
“Nothing,” Anne muttered.  Mary crossed her arms and raised her eyebrows.  “I’m fine,” Anne whined.
But that night she tossed and turned in her hammock.  Her thoughts pestered her as she tried to fall asleep.  Well after midnight she realized sleep was impossible.  She silently slipped out of her hammock and up to the main deck.  She leaned against the rail and listened to the gentle lapping of waves against the ship’s side, and finally allowed herself to dissect the thoughts in her head.  
It was her guilt keeping her awake and something else that she couldn’t yet place.  She normally wouldn’t be bothered by her conscience, mainly because she hated apologizing.  Growing up rich and spoiled allowed her to ignore any remorse instead of admitting she was wrong, but this time it was different.  This time she was indebted to the captain.
Anne had been on the deck only a few minutes when she noticed a faint flickering of light from underneath the captain’s cabin door.  She sighed, and like a moth to a flame, crept across the deck to his door.  She rapped softly on the wood and anxiously waited for him to answer.  The light from the candle illuminated her face as the captain stared at her with surprise and concern.  He was in a shirt and trousers, indicating that he too was having a sleepless night.
“Anne,” he whispered, “what’s the matter?”
“I came to apologize,” she said in a shaking voice.
“What for?” he asked as a small smile tugged at his lips.
“For . . . everything,” she breathed, “For endangering you and the crew, and disobeying you, but mainly for being . . . difficult.”
“You are forgiven,” he said gently, smiling at her kind gesture.
“I also wanted to thank you,” she added after a moment of uncomfortable silence.  “You were very generous with your offer today, and so kind and attentive to Mary.  She means a great deal to me, and seeing you treat her with such respect . . .” She trailed off for a moment.  The captain studied her with tender eyes.  “If I would have known your reaction before, I might have come to you sooner.”
“Anne, I know that I act stern and cold in the presence of the crew, but I am really much more kind hearted than you give me credit for,” he said, cupping her cheek in his hand.  Anne looked up at him with sorry eyes.  He moved his thumb back and forth along the crest of her cheek.  The small motion was comforting and reassuring to Anne, like the lapping of the ocean against the ship’s hull.
His green eyes gazed steadily back into hers.  Unconscious of her actions, Anne leaned forward and began to lift her face to his.  It wasn’t until his eyes pulled away from hers to look at her mouth did Anne realize how dangerously close their lips were.  She gasped and put a hand to his chest to push him away.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, horrified by what she had almost done.  Rackham was wide eyed and through his shirt Anne could feel his heart pounding.  “I do not know what got into me,” she said, retracting her hand.
“Anne . . .” he began.
“Good night, Captain,” she said quickly, not giving him a chance to speak.  As she turned away to retreat to the sleeping cabin, she could make out an unmistakable expression of dashed hope on his face.
Anne felt as though she had a heavy weight on her chest.  Her head spun.  She had come up to the deck to clear her head in the cool night air, and now she returned to the sleeping cabin even more confused than before.  She crawled into her hammock, threw the gray woolen blanket over her head, and cried herself to sleep.


Chapter 16

The next morning saw a fresh breeze, and by lunch The Treasure was once again sailing at full speed.  As they put league after league behind them, the crew’s spirits rose and soon most forgot the incidents of the day before.  Nassau Harbor was only a few weeks’ journey away, and the men began speculating what they would find there and how they would spend their share of the ship’s treasure.
Mary was disappointed to find a change in Nathaniel.  At first she hadn’t noticed a difference.  He was a bit quieter than his usual friendly self, but after a while he began speaking more guardedly to Mary.  He was no longer quick to joke or laugh around her, and he smiled much less frequently.  This pained her, and one day the realization hit her square in the face.  He no longer cared if she came out to him.  He had taken her unwillingness to share her secret as rejection and had withdrawn his friendship.  Mary was horrified by this, and in desperation tried to draw him back.
“Nathaniel,” she smiled, leaning over his hammock one afternoon, “Come play a round of cards with me?”  He had been staring into space with a dreary look upon his face.  He turned his distant brown eyes on her for a moment.  
“No thank you,” he replied dully.
“Come on,” she said exuberantly, shaking his hammock, “I’m bored stiff. Just one round.”
“Please, don’t,” he muttered, pulling her hand off of his hammock.
“Then, come to the galley with me and get something to eat.”
“No thank you,” he replied in a hollow voice, rolling over so his back was to her.
“Sorry I asked,” she murmured, deflated.  As she wandered aimlessly on the deck she realized that he had given up on her.  Fat tears began trickling down her cheeks, and she quickly hid below decks to avoid being seen.  Nathaniel had given her so many opportunities to tell the truth.  If she had been wise enough to take advantage of one this breach never would have occurred, but Nathaniel had tired of trying.  The only person she could blame was herself.
While Mary and Nathaniel were beginning to drift apart, Anne and the captain were beginning to spend more time together.  He frequently invited her to his cabin for tea and the first few visits she went out of courtesy, but soon she went for his company.  She had always enjoyed the attentions of a gentleman.  She had forgotten that when she met him, he had completely enchanted her.  Each time they invited Mary to join them, but she always declined.  She was growing increasingly glum and never found herself in the humor to sit for tea.
Two weeks after their meeting with Rackham, Anne and Mary stood at the gunwale looking out over the sea.  The crew had made two more captures since the merge, both pitiful merchant ships that had surrendered immediately.  They had been looted and allowed to sail on with their lives.  The hull was now brimming with treasure and everyone was excited about their sizable share.  With Nassau Harbor nearing, Anne and Mary had begun weighing their options for once they reached shore.  They held a rather heated discussion about whether or not landing on shore would be the appropriate time to reveal themselves, but it ended unresolved.
“I think I’m going to jump ship,” Mary said, after a moment of tense silence.
“Why?”  Anne exclaimed.
“I never wanted to be a pirate.  When I was captured I hated Penning for forcing me into piracy.  Nathaniel talked some sense into me, and I realized that hating my situation wouldn’t change it.  But when we reach Nassau I will have a choice, and I don’t think I’ll be able to let it pass me by,” she explained, not taking her eyes off the sea.  
The sea was reality.  It helped her to keep things in perspective and think with logic.  The ship was a sphere of its own, secluded from the rest of the world.  It was an illusion where reason often didn’t work, and decisions were muffled by the opinions of those onboard.  Mary knew that if she faced Anne, a poignant look from her may cause her to rethink her decision.
“What will you do?” she asked softly.
“I don’t know,” Mary replied.  “I suppose I’ll find work where we land. When a ship comes along that can take me back to England, I’ll use my share of the treasure to pay my way.”
“But what will you do in England?” Anne pressed.
“I don’t know,” Mary shook her head.
“Then stay,” Anne argued.  “You will be amongst friends and . . .” She stopped mid-sentence to listen to the shouting growing in the captain’s cabin where the officers were gathered for a meeting.  The voice shouting was unmistakably Mr. Thorpe’s.
“Why is it that we are always listening to this fool’s advice?” he roared.  “He’s not even an officer.  If decisions were always left to Nathaniel, we would sit around all day like a bunch of old hens swapping gossip and never go anywhere.”
“Yes, and if they were left up to you, we’d all be hung by now,” Nathaniel retorted.  “You never think with your head, always your fist.”
“I’ll show you thinking with my fist,” Mr. Thorpe rumbled, and from the deck Anne and Mary could hear the sickening sound of fist meeting skin.  There was the scraping of furniture on the wooden deck, the shuffling of feet and bodies, and the frantic protests of the other officers.  Mary and Anne raced to the door, but dared not enter.  Through the small window they could see the officers forcing the two men apart.
“Enough,” Rackham hollered several times before the shuffling and cursing stopped.  “Gentlemen, I know you do not see eye to eye, but there was no need for that.”  He paused to catch his breath and make a quick decision.  “You have both broken the eighth article, and I cannot have such things going unpunished.  Since you are so intent on quarreling, this matter will have to be resolved this afternoon.  Mr. Thorpe, you may name the time.”
“One o’clock,” he sputtered, his breathing still hard.
“What’s the eighth article?” Mary whispered anxiously to Anne.
“I was going to ask you the same thing,” she replied.  They both scrambled away from the door as Mr. Thorpe stormed out of the cabin.  He had a swollen lip, but otherwise showed no other injuries from the brawl.  Mary gasped as Nathaniel came out of the cabin with the other officers.  The skin around his eye was already purpling, and blood trickled from his nose and the split in his lower lip.  He clumsily dabbed at his face with a handkerchief.  She wanted to run up to him, but he was surrounded by the officers who seemed to have taken his side of the argument.
Leaving Anne behind on the deck, she hurried below deck to find someone who could tell her what was written in the eighth article.  It was almost noon and the galley was beginning to fill with hungry sailors.  Many of them already seemed aware of what had occurred in Rackham’s cabin and were speaking in hushed excited voices.  Mary spotted Mr. Isenhart and rushed over to him.  He had been offered an officer’s position but refused it, saying it wasn’t worth the headache.  She was sure he knew all the articles.
“What’s the eighth article?” she demanded, slipping into a seat across from him.  He looked up at her, slightly surprised by her sudden arrival.
“Your friend, Nathaniel, doesn’t stand a chance,” he muttered as he shook his head.
“Please, Mr. Isenhart,” she begged, “tell me what it says!”
He recited the eighth article, rambling it from memory, “No striking one another on board, but every man’s quarrels to be ended at sword and pistol.  When the parties will not come to any reconciliation, an officer will turn the disputants back to back, at so many paces distance and at the word of command, they turn and fire immediately.  If both miss, they come to their cutlasses, and then he is declared the victor who draws the first blood.”
“They have to stop at first blood,” she said with hope.
“You and I both know that Mr. Thorpe will not stop,” Mr. Isenhart muttered sadly.  Mary’s heart began to race.  She could not let this happened, and she knew what she had to do.
“Thank you, Mr. Isenhart,” she nodded and hurried out of the galley.
“Where are you going?” he called after her, but she had already made her decision and didn’t turn around.  She scrambled lithely up the steps to the main deck, marched over to Mr. Thorpe’s cabin, and banged on the door.  He opened it, and his nose snapped as Mary’s fist connected with his face.  He doubled over as he recoiled from the force of the punch and covered his bloody nose with his hands.  Mary’s hand throbbed with pain, but she ignored the sensation.
“You are an ugly dumb brute, and I challenge you to a duel at noon!” she shouted, not allowing him any time to respond.  She stalked back across the deck.
“What?” he roared after her.
“That’s in five minutes,” she hollered back.  
“Your body will be rotting with the fish by quarter after noon,” Mr. Thorpe cursed, slamming the door.
Anne, who had witnessed the event along with a dozen other sailors, ran after Mary, her mouth still hanging open.  She followed her down through the main hatch.
“What the hell are you thinking?” she exclaimed.
“I know what I’m doing, Anne,” Mary replied in a steady tone.
“Are you possessed?” she cried.  “Thorpe’s going to kill you!”
“Then so be it,” Mary responded, opening the door to the arsenal, “but I cannot stand by and watch as Thorpe shreds Nathaniel to ribbons.”  Anne couldn’t argue with Mary.  She had never seen her friend so determined.  Mary loaded a pistol and hung a sword from her hip, then marched back up to the deck.
News of the challenge had spread quickly and crowds had gathered on the quarter deck and forecastle to watch the duel from above.  No one dared to stand on the main deck in the line of fire.  Captain Rackham descended the steps from the quarterdeck and rushed over to Mary.
“You cannot do this,” he whispered fiercely.
“And you cannot go against your own articles, Captain,” she replied.  “I am as capable with a sword as Nathaniel, and you allow him to fight.  If it is only because I am a woman, you cannot object,” she reasoned.
“You’re as stubborn as her,” he sighed, nodding towards Anne and quickly gave Mary last minute advice.  “Mr. Thorpe is strong, but he doesn’t have much technique.  Tire him out a bit before you go on the offense.  You’re also faster than him.  Use it to your advantage.”
Mary nodded curtly, and Rackham and Anne joined the crowd on the quarterdeck.  The tension in the air was nearly tangible as the minutes ticked by, and Mary waited for Mr. Thorpe to come out of his cabin.  She stared straight ahead with an unwavering expression, allowing nothing to catch her attention or distract her.  She was building up her mental defense for the fight.  At noon, the ship’s bell announced the beginning of the afternoon watch, but no one moved from where they stood.  Mr. Thorpe appeared on deck and the crew grew silent.  They all knew the match would end in a death.  Mr. Harper came down to act as an arbitrator.  
“Gentlemen,” he said in an official tone, “you are each allowed a loaded pistol and a sword.  I will place you back to back and you will both pace ten steps.  On my command you will turn and fire.  If you both miss, you are to finish the duel with your swords.  The duel ends at the first blood.  Understand?”
“Aye,” Mary nodded.
“Aye,” Mr. Thorpe grunted.  He swaggered forward with Goliath like confidence.  He was a whole head taller than Mary, and she was beginning to feel like David.  His nose was swollen and crooked and Mary thought that if he did kill her, at least she had broken his nose first. 
Mr. Harper placed them back to back and counted off their paces.  Mary focused on controlling her heart rate.  The crew all held their breath as Mr. Harper reached the count of ten.
“Gentlemen, you are to fire on three,” shouted Mr. Harper.  Mary tightened her grip around her pistol as it hung at her side.  “One,” he shouted.  “Two . . .” Mary sucked in what was possibly her last breath.  “Three!”  She whirled around and fired blindly at the massive figure.  She gasped as a bullet whizzed past her, inches from her left shoulder and imbedded in the gunwale behind her.  A hollow thump from across the deck meant that Mary had also missed her mark.
A devious smile twisted Mr. Thorpe’s face as he drew his sword and advanced towards her.  Mary also drew her sword and took a few cautious steps forward.  The two circled widely for a few moments.  Mary shuffled sideways, never giving her opponent the advantage of facing her open unguarded side.
Mr. Thorpe made the first attack.  With a loud cry, he leapt towards her and brought his sword down haphazardly.  Mary didn’t even bother blocking the blow.  She simply flitted out of the way and let his blade hit the deck.  Mr. Thorpe chuckled darkly and then tried attacking her again in the same fashion.  Once again she merely stepped out of his way.  His third similar attempt was to no avail.
“Come on,” he shouted, already breathing heavily.  “Fight!”  This time he lunged forward, as if trying to run her through the middle.  She deflected the blow, and the real fight had begun.  Mr. Thorpe’s attacks were powerful, but hasty.  He thrashed his sword as if blindfolded, and Mary could parry them away with little difficulty.  Again and again he swung his sword back and forth in the same downward diagonal motion, stopping frequently to catch his breath.  It was as if she were a hornet he was trying to frantically swat away.
Beads of sweat had formed in a heavy layer on his forehead and now dribbled down into his eyes.  Mary knew it was time to go on the attack.  She struck at him, and he clumsily deflected it.  Again, she attacked him with a simple blow and he made an awkward defense.  It was almost laughable how uncomfortable he appeared trying to defend himself.  
Mary smiled to herself, knowing she now had control over the duel.  She made a combination of attacks, designed to throw her opponent off guard.  Slowly she quickened her pace, and Mr. Thorpe began to feel more and more overwhelmed as he dashed his sword in front of his body trying to parry her blows.  For an instant, Mr. Thorpe tried adjusting his grip on the sword.  It was the moment of weakness Mary had waited for.  She smashed her sword down onto his and watched as it slipped from his hand and clatter to the deck a few yards to her left.  
Turning back to Mr. Thorpe, she realized the fight was not over.  She didn’t have time to react.  She was flattened to the deck as Mr. Thorpe charged her, throwing his arms around her waist.  She lost consciousness for only a second as her skull smacked against the deck.  Instinctively, she brought her leg up between his and kneed him in the groin.  She could hear the crew groan in sympathy as Mr. Thorpe buckled in pain.  Up until then, she had forgotten the crew was there.
Freed of Mr. Thorpe’s grasp, Mary tried rolling away from him.  She knew she had to get back on her feet.  As she rolled out from under him, he made a desperate lunge at her, grabbing the front collar of her shirt.  Her shirt made a loud ripping sound as it tore from neckline to waist.  Still not freed of her opponent, she slipped one arm out of the shirt as she got back on her feet.  Mr. Thorpe, realizing she had escaped, let go of the shredded shirt and scrambled to his weapon a few yards away.  
Mary could suddenly feel every eye on her.  She looked down and saw the remains of her shirt hanging around her right wrist, stuck on the hilt of her sword.  Nothing covered her chest but a few strips of binding linen.  She shook her sword free of the shirt and glanced up at the crew.  The first face she saw was Nathaniel’s, wide eyed and gaping.  The whole crew now knew her secret.  Remembering she still had a duel to finish, she turned back to Mr. Thorpe.
He had barely retrieved his weapon, when Mary charged him.  He turned around with his weapon raised, but his arm stopped in mid-air when he saw the half-naked figure.  Everything seemed surreal to Mary as she took her last step towards the shocked sailor.  She brought her left hand up to catch his arm as he attempted a belated blow.  His face turned from disbelief to agony as she drove her sword through his ribs with a fierce yell.
He collapsed onto the deck, Mary’s sword still in his chest.  He gasped in pain as blood soaked his white shirt.  
“A woman!” he cried over and over, staring at Mary.  “I’ve been killed by a woman!”  His moans died out and the ship fell completely silent.
Mary turned away from the body, her head spinning.  She looked up at the crew.  None of them moved, but stared at her with horrified expressions as they began whispering anxiously to one another.  She suddenly felt as if she had been put on display as they peered down at her, waiting to see what she would do next.  Feeling very ashamed, she pulled her arms up to cover her chest.
“Move it!” Nathaniel shouted, pushing his way through the awestruck crowd.  He hurried down the steps and over to Mary.  He shrugged off his coat and threw it around her shoulders.
“Are you all right?” he asked, staring her straight in the face with his wide brown eyes.
“Yes,” Mary nodded, dizzy and trying to control her breath.
“Are you sure?” he asked again, taking her by the shoulders to prevent her from falling over.  “You look dreadfully frightened.  I can take you to the surgeon.”
“I’ll be fine,” she answered shakily.  The crew began filing down the steps onto the main deck.  A few attended to Mr. Thorpe’s body, but the rest stayed a safe distance from the couple.
“Please,” Nathaniel whispered, “tell me your name.”
“Mary Read,” she replied, still trying to collect her thoughts.
“Mary Read,” he smiled.
“Nathaniel, I’m sorry I’ve lied to you for so long,” she murmured.
“Why did you do it?” he asked.
“Because I couldn’t risk the rest of the crew discovering me,” Mary protested.
“Not that,” he smiled.  “What were you thinking, fighting Mr. Thorpe?”  She looked up into his exuberant expression, and tears began streaming down her cheeks.
“Because I couldn’t bear to see another man I love die,” she cried, burying her face in his chest.  At first he was surprised by her outburst, but he wrapped his arms around her and wove his fingers through her golden hair.
“Mary,” he whispered over and over again, happy to finally know her true name.  He pressed his cheek against the top of her head.
“Kiss her!” someone hooted from the crowd.  The crew rippled with laughter.  Nathaniel lifted his head and threw a murderous look in the direction of the request.  Mary knew Nathaniel was too much of a gentleman to do such a thing, but she liked the idea.  She smiled and pulled his face down towards hers, pressing her lips against his.  The crew roared with delight and then whooped and whistled as their embrace became more passionate.
“Ouch,” he moaned, touching his split lip.
“Sorry,” Mary blushed, and kissed him again more gently.
“Mary, that’s quite enough,” Anne scolded, crossing her arms and waiting for her chance to talk with the ship’s new celebrity.  Mary pulled herself away from Nathaniel, who reluctantly let go, and ran to her friend.  Anne squeezed her in a hug, breathing a sigh of relief.
“Don’t ever do something as stupid as that again,” she said, not releasing her from the hug.  “I don’t know what I would have done if you were killed.”  The crew grew silent and anxious again as they observed the two holding each other.
“Uhh, Anne,” Mary whispered.  “The crew still believes you are a man, so this looks rather peculiar to them.”
“Oh,” Anne exclaimed, letting go.  “You’re right.” She scanned the crowd until she found Rackham.  “Permission to address the crew, Captain?” she called out to him.
“Please do,” he replied.  The crew parted for him as he came to the center of the crowd.  Anne cleared her throat and looked out at the crew anxiously.  Mary nodded to her reassuringly.
“I am also a woman,” Anne announced bashfully.  “My name is Anne Bonny.”  Whispers swept through the crew and they shifted uneasily.
“Bonny as in James Bonny?” someone shouted.
“Yes,” Anne answered in a shaking voice.  “We were married.”
“How did he know you were a woman?” someone else asked.
“Who else here knew they were women?” another voice shouted.
“Who brought you aboard?”  The crew’s eager questions quickly turned into shouting and confusion.
“Silence!” Captain Rackham shouted.  The crew quickly quieted.  “Now that you know Miss Read and Mrs. Bonny are ladies, I expect you to treat them as such,” he instructed, “and interrupting a lady while she speaks or shouting at her is not the appropriate way to treat a lady.”  He lowered his voice and turned to Anne and Mary.
“Ladies, I think it only fair that you address their questions,” he said.
“Of course,” Mary replied.  “You can go first, Anne.”  Anne nodded, cleared her throat, and began again.
“No one brought me aboard,” she explained, “I came on my own accord.”  She gave an abridged version of her adventures, making sure to answer the crew’s questions and then turned to Mary who did likewise.
The crew stared back at the women silently, some wearing looks of confusion, others admiration.  All that could be heard was the lapping of waves against the ship’s hull.
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Edwards laughed, finally breaking the uncomfortable silence.  “I never would have believed it unless I saw it with my own two eyes.”  He came forward and shook both Mary and Anne’s hands.  “I bet we are the only pirate ship in history to have two women working on its crew,” he laughed.  “And you, Mark . . . I mean Mary,” he exclaimed, clapping her on the shoulder, “I cannot believe the work you made of Mr. Thorpe.”
“Thank you, sir,” she smiled.  Mr. Edwards’ attitude seemed to be contagious and broke the awkward uncertainties of the crew.  Soon they all came forward to shake the women’s hands and offer Mary their compliments on the fight.  Most still seemed rather dazed to have them in their presence.  Nathaniel never left Mary’s side for a moment.
“So when do you two plan to wed then?” Mr. Isenhart asked jokingly.
“Captain?” Mary shouted.
“Yes,” he replied, coming over to them.
“As a captain you can marry couples?” she asked.
“It’s my ship I can do as I please,” he smiled, “so, yes, I suppose.”
“Splendid,” she laughed.  “Nathaniel Locke, will you marry me?” she asked, looking up at him lovingly.  He raised his eyebrows in shock, but a smile broke across his face.
“Of course,” he laughed, “but I wanted to ask you.  Usually the man asks the woman.”
“Since when have I ever been satisfied playing the woman’s part?” she replied.  The crew erupted with laughter and marched back up to the quarterdeck for the hasty wedding ceremony.
“Wait,” Anne exclaimed, grabbing Mary by the arm.  “I’m not going to let you get married dressed like that!”
“What else am I to wear?” Mary laughed, buttoning Nathaniel’s coat around her.  “Mr. Thorpe tore my only shirt.”
“Come with me,” Anne smiled.  “We’ll be right back,” she called over her shoulder as she led Mary down to the sleeping cabin.
“Anne, what can you possibly have to wear that is any better than what I’ve got on now?” she asked impatiently.  
“It is worth the wait,” Anne muttered, dumping the contents of her canvas sack onto the deck, “trust me.”  She scooped up a bundle of blue fabric and unrolled it.
“Where did you get this?” Mary gasped, gingerly taking the dress from Anne.
“James bought it for me before our wedding.  He knew I wanted to look like a bride, and now I want you to look like a bride,” she answered, smiling.  
“Thank you, Anne,” she said, throwing her arms around her friend.
“I have a petticoat and chemise, too,” Anne exclaimed, bending over to pick up the wrinkled garments.  “Let me get you a bucket of water so you can wash up before you change.”
The whole crew erupted with applause and whistling as Mary climbed up onto the deck dressed in the blue gown.  Anne hastily tried to make last minute alterations to Mary’s appearance.  She unmatted her golden curls as best she could and tried tugging the wrinkles out of the blue cotton.  Mary felt out of place, but was too happy and excited to care.  As she mounted the steps to the quarterdeck, someone joked about getting her a bouquet of seaweed.  The crew roared with delight again, but quieted themselves and removed their hats as she walked by.  
The ceremony was short and crude, but Mary didn’t mind, and the crew cheered and whooped when the captain pronounced them married.  As it ended, Rackham made a surprising announcement.
“Mr. Locke,” he said in an official tone, “seeing as your wife has killed your biggest rival on the ship, leaving his position as officer open, how would you like to fill it?  You are invaluable to me as a navigator, and Mr. Thorpe’s cabin is now available.  I thought you and Mary might like to move into it for . . . privacy and such.”
“That is very kind of you,” Nathaniel replied amazed.  “Let me consult me wife.”
“Of course,” Mary answered.
“I accept,” Nathaniel smiled, and once again the crew cheered.
“Bring out the rum!” someone shouted.
“No,” Rackham reprimanded quickly.  “We have a whole afternoon’s work ahead of us.  Tonight you may hold a small reception to celebrate, but in the mean time you must all return to work.”  The crew grumbled, but dispersed.  Nathaniel joined the officers in Rackham’s cabin for a quick meeting, and Anne and Mary went to clean and prepare Mr. Thorpe’s old cabin for the newlyweds.  The events of the day and the promise of a celebration that evening had raised everyone’s spirits.  The Treasure seemed to hum with excitement.
“Now that the crew knows we are women, do you think Rackham will no longer let us work with them?” Anne asked as she stripped the blankets off the bed built into the wall of the cabin.
“I was wondering the same thing,” Mary replied, putting Nathaniel’s maps and navigation instruments into Mr. Thorpe’s desk.  It looked as if he had never used it.  “But I doubt he will allow you to remain in the sleeping cabin.  He will enforce some measure of separation from the crew now.”
“But there’s no need,” Anne argued, making the bed with fresh blankets.  “I trust most men on this ship, and the ones that I do not wouldn’t dare touch me for fear of what Rackham would do to them.”
“But that’s not a risk he’s willing to take, Anne,” she reminded her.
“I know,” Anne sighed, sitting down as she finished making the bed.
“Anne,” Mary exclaimed, laughing.  “Have you ever made a bed before?”
“Actually no,” Anne replied, putting on fake airs, “that was servant’s work, and you do not have to make a hammock when you get up in the morning.”
“Oh, Anne,” Mary laughed, straightening the blankets.  There was a knock at the door and Anne answered it as Mary remade the bed.
“May I have a word with you, Anne?” the captain asked.
“Of course,” Anne replied, following him out onto the deck and closing the cabin door behind her.  His brow seemed to be wrinkled in thought and he didn’t speak for a few moments.
“Anne, now that the crew is aware of your gender, I am no longer comfortable with . . . well, I was never comfortable with you sleeping in the same quarters as them.  I am going to request that you move elsewhere.”
“I am perfectly comfortable staying in the sleeping cabin,” she replied.  “I trust the crew. . .”
“I am afraid this is not open for debate, Anne,” the captain cut her off.  “The officers and I have already agreed upon the matter.”
“I see,” she sighed, realizing arguing was futile.  “Then where do you propose I move?”
“Mr. Harper’s old cabin is still available.  He is currently sharing a cabin with Mr. Penning and insists you use his.  I can have one of the men move your things before tonight,” he replied in a tone of finality.
“I can move my own possessions,” Anne said quickly, slightly annoyed that he no longer treated her as capable of completing a simple task on her own.
“Of course,” he nodded.
“I’ve been meaning to speak to you about this very thing, Captain,” Anne began.  “Mary and I wish to remain in the watch.  We are both perfectly capable and the crew seems to have accepted us as women . . .”
“Perhaps we can discuss this later,” he interjected.  “I would like to see that Nathaniel and Mary have everything they need for their cabin, and then I wish to attend to Mr. Harper’s old cabin before you move in,” he said, already walking across the deck.  “But for right now I would prefer if you and Mary did not work.”
That evening, as promised, the crew celebrated Mary and Nathaniel’s marriage with spirits and music.  Mary smiled as her husband twirled her across the deck, remembering how she had wanted to dance with him the night the crew celebrated their merge.  As the men got a few drinks in them, a few started confessing to suspicions they had had of Anne and Mary all along.
“I suspected Mary when I first met her,” Mr. Isenhart said loudly, wagging his finger at her.  “When I saw how she followed Nathaniel around and looked at him with those big blue eyes, I said to myself, either that lad’s a woman, or he’s sweet on blokes.”  Mary blushed and laughed, but couldn’t deny the accusation.
“I started wondering about Anne the first week she was aboard,” Mr. Edwards exclaimed.  “I saw her struggling at every task I gave her and began thinking to myself, even the laziest and clumsiest of boys can haul on the rope or scrub the deck.  This boy has never done an honest day’s work in his life.  What’s he thinking coming aboard a ship?”
The crew howled with laughter and Anne threw Edwards a fiery glance.
“Of course that’s not true anymore,” he apologized sincerely.  “You work as hard as every good man aboard this ship.”
“Thank you,” Anne said with a satisfied smile.  
“Well, I knew Anne was a woman the first time I saw her,” Danny bragged, nodding and rocking in his seat tipsily.
“And I suppose you knew I was a mermaid the first time you met me, Danny?” Pete exclaimed in a high feminine voice.  The crew roared with laughter.
After the festivities, Anne retired to her new cabin and Mary and Nathaniel to theirs.  In the early hours of the morning, as the new couple was finally trying to fall asleep, Mary rolled over and whispered to Nathaniel.
“When did you know I was a woman?”
“The night we overheard Penning and Thorpe discussing the capture of The Treasure,” he mumbled, forcing his tired eyes open.
“How did you know?” she asked, trying to recollect the night, twisting her fingers through a strand of his hair.
“I saw you blush,” he murmured, drawing her closer.
“Blush?” she whispered.  “At what?”
“I was teaching you about the constellations,” he replied.  “I had told you that Andromeda was the most beautiful woman in the world, and then described her as I would you.  Being the clever girl you are, you caught my reference and blushed, and I knew you were a woman.”
“That could have been a coincidence,” she replied playfully.
“You also blushed whenever I took my shirt off,” he whispered into her ear.  This sent goose bumps shivering all over Mary’s skin and Nathaniel pressed his lips against her neck.  Mary knew she couldn’t argue with his evidence, so she didn’t try.
Anne impatiently rolled over in her new bed.  After sleeping in a hammock for months, the straw mattress was too comfortable.  She was frustrated that despite her exhaustion she could not fall asleep.  She lay on her side and stared at the rough wooden wall of Mr. Harper’s old cabin with wide eyes.  
It was well past midnight, and Anne had been lying awake for hours.  She hated her new cabin.  After growing accustomed to the snoring of the crew, the quiet of her own cabin was unnerving.  She wished she could talk to Mary, but she didn’t dare interrupt the couple.
Finally, frustrated by boredom and loneliness, Anne threw off her covers and left the cabin.  She was about to go sit at the bow to catch some fresh air, when she noticed the slat of light shining on the deck from the captain’s cabin window.  She stood and debated with herself for a minute, and then went to the door and knocked.  Footsteps sounded as the captain approached and opened the door.
“You’re up quite late,” he said, letting her in.
“I couldn’t sleep,” Anne explained sheepishly.
“Would you like some tea?” he offered, gesturing for her to sit.
“No thank you,” she smiled, absentmindedly playing with the cuff of her sleeve.  Usually she felt at home in the familiar cozy cabin, but tonight in the candlelight it felt somewhat foreign.  “Have I interrupted you?” she asked, nodding towards his paper laden desk.
“Not at all,” he smirked.  “Like you, I couldn’t seem to fall asleep tonight.  I started going through the ship’s cargo list, trying to figure everyone’s share, but it was beginning to make my head ache.  I was reading poetry when you knocked.”
“Which poem?” Anne asked.  Once again a smile twisted his lips, and he walked to his desk and picked up the open book.  He handed it to her, and she skimmed the words.
“‘The Seafarer,’” Anne nodded knowingly at the familiar passages.
“It’s recently become my favorite,” he replied.
“Why is that?” Anne asked, studying the words.
“Because it makes me think of you and how I could actually see you learning to enjoy poetry,” he said calmly.  Anne blushed a little.  “Answer me truthfully, had you ever enjoyed a poem until I read you ‘The Seafarer’?”
“Not that I recall,” she answered reluctantly.  “And I think at the time it was your voice I enjoyed hearing rather than the poem itself.”  Rackham laughed at her candidness.
“But surely you like the poem,” he said, “especially now that you have been at sea.”  Anne nodded.
“Yes, I have a true appreciation for it now.”  She took the book and began to read.
“Indeed, now they are troubled,
the thoughts of my heart,
that I myself should strive with 
the high streams,
the tossing of salt waves –
the wish of my heart urges 
all the time
my spirit to go forth.”
Rackham joined her, their voices an eerie duet.  As they read through the poem, Anne felt goose bumps cover her skin.  Every word of it seemed to resound with truth.  Now that she had experienced the sea, she couldn’t imagine her life without its adventure.  She knew the feeling of wanderlust.
“but he always has a longing,
he who strives on the waves.”  
As they finished reading, Anne looked up at the captain.  His eyes had the same hazy look they had the first time she heard the poem, and now she understood why.  She could finally experience the same passion he was feeling.
Her pulse began to quicken as they stood in the small cabin with the book between them.  Neither of them seemed to be able to break their eyes away from the stare of the other.  Anne knew she should leave, but she didn’t want to.  She could easily remember why she was so captivated by the captain when she first met him.
“You’ve changed so much, Anne,” Rackham said softly, taking her callused hand in his.  “It pains me to think of what your father would say.”
“I’m no longer my father’s daughter,” she replied.  A small smile curled her lips as the statement filled her with a mixture of regret and relief.
“Then who do you belong to?” he asked.  Anne couldn’t tell if he was being playful or serious.  She thought about his question for a moment.
“No one . . . myself . . . the sea,” she finally responded.  Without thinking she pulled her hand out of his and wrapped both her arms around his neck.  He didn’t seem at all alarmed by this and put his arms around her waist.
“The daughter of the sea, hmm?” he teased softly, pulling her in closer.  Anne only smirked and closed the distance between their lips.  


Chapter 17

Anne jolted up in bed as the ship’s bell signaled the start of the morning watch.  She looked around, confused for a moment, and then remembered where she was.  A week had passed since the day Mary fought Mr. Thorpe and the crew learned of their secret.  For a week Mary and Anne had been asked not to work alongside the crew.  Rackham insisted the crew was capable of manning the ship without their help.  The crew had affirmed this, saying they wouldn’t feel right if they knew women were doing the ship’s dangerous tasks.  
“Sleep, Anne,” Rackham mumbled, rolling over and wrapping his arm around her waist.  Anne had spent her nights in the captain’s cabin since the night of Mary and Nathaniel’s wedding. 
“Sorry,” she murmured, laying her head back down on the pillow.  “I used to work the morning watch . . .” she trailed off.
“I know, Anne,” he mumbled into her hair as he kissed the top of her head, “but not anymore.”
Ignoring the wishes of captain and crew, the women had attempted to continue in the watch system, but Edwards refused to assign them tasks and the crew fussed if they tried to help.  After two days of fruitless attempts, they gave up and swapped their grubby sailor’s attire for dresses.  After a flicker of hesitation, Anne gave Mary the blue cotton gown, and Anne finally accepted the captain’s gift.  Despite becoming a lady in looks and behavior, Anne was having trouble breaking with her sailor’s habits.  She awoke every morning at four o’clock for her watch.
Two hours later Anne awoke to chiming as the cabin clock struck six and the captain crawled out of bed.  Anne stretched to take up the entire space.  
“Sometimes I think your favorite part of the day is when I get out of bed because you get it to yourself,” he remarked, pulling on a pair of trousers.  Anne smiled and yawned.
“And you do not deny it, so I can only suppose it is true.”
“Don’t be silly, Jack,” she mumbled.  Rackham walked over to the wash stand, and Anne watched him as he wet his face and lathered it with shaving cream.  She had never seen him do this before.  When she met the captain he had been clean shaven, but since he turned pirate he rarely shaved.  Most of the crew, even the officers, wore beards simply because it was more convenient than trying to shave every few days.  
Rackham drew a mirror out of the drawer of the wash table and held it up as he began sliding the razor down his face.  Anne found herself amused by the concept of a mirror.  She hadn’t known there was one on the ship.  She suddenly realized it had been months since she had seen her reflection.  The last time she looked in a mirror, it was in Ginny’s room to verify that she could pass as a boy after she cut her hair.  
Remembering that night, she ran her fingers through her snarled hair.  It was now a few inches longer and reached her shoulders.  She was beginning to wonder about the rest of her appearance.  She sat up in bed, straightening her twisted chemise, and waited for the captain to finish shaving.  
“Would you like me to call for some tea or breakfast?” he asked, rinsing and drying his face.
“No thank you,” she replied distractedly.  “I’ll eat with the crew this morning.”
“I can have the cook prepare you anything in the kitchen, and yet you insist on eating porridge with the crew.”  He shook his head in playful disappointment as he tucked in his shirt.
“It is a habit I suppose,” Anne shrugged.  “I eat supper with you and the officers now.”  She didn’t want to have a useless argument with the captain.  She wanted him out of the cabin so she could check her reflection in the mirror without him laughing at her reaction.  
As if someone could read her thoughts, there was a knock at the door.  The captain answered it, and left the cabin in discussion with Edwards.  Anne leapt out of bed, ran to the wash table, and scooped up the mirror.  She gasped and almost dropped it when she saw the wild face staring back at her.  Slowly she lifted the mirror again.
The first thing she noticed was her brown skin.  The sun had darkened her face and neck to what Anne assumed was the shade of an Indian’s complexion.  She ran her fingertips along her skin and moved the mirror a little closer.  
“Freckles!” she gasped, touching her nose.  She traced the sprinkling of them that dotted the bridge of her nose and the tops of her cheeks and gawked.  Her mother would have scolded her if she could see her.  Her hair was tangled and greasy.  Bleached streaks of blonde ran through the brown mess.  Anne tried combing it into order with her shaking fingers, but couldn’t improve it much.
She sat down on the bed and held the mirror for several minutes trying to grow accustomed to her new reflection, her new self.  Suddenly very uncomfortable, Anne put the mirror back in the drawer and slammed it shut.  She dressed herself like a woman in the burgundy gown the captain had given her and walked out into the bright morning light.
The crew had begun to notice that with every passing day the air felt warmer and the sun rose higher.  The Treasure was not far from the Caribbean, and excitement grew amongst the men.  Anne made her way to the galley, lamenting how much slower she was forced to move in a dress.  After getting used to trousers, her legs felt trapped now.  She was glad to see Mary was also eating with the crew that morning.
“Good morning, Anne,” she called cheerfully from a table.  Mary was not nearly as upset about being excluded from the watch as Anne.  She was still blissful from her marriage.  
“What’s the matter?” Mary asked, reading Anne’s face as she sat down across from her with a bowl of porridge.
“This morning I found a mirror in Rackham’s cabin,” Anne answered distractedly.
“Oh?” Mary replied, prompting her for more.
“Have you ever . . . ?” Anne began, but then stopped.  “Never mind.”
“Have I ever what, Anne?” Mary pressed, studying Anne with concern.  Anne sighed.
“Have you ever looked at your reflection long enough that at some point you stop seeing your face and instead you see . . . yourself?”
“I’m not sure I understand,” Mary replied, furrowing her brow.
“You see who you are, the decisions you’ve made, what you amount to,” Anne tried to explain.
“Go on,” Mary nodded.
“I didn’t like what I saw this morning,” Anne said, staring into her porridge.  “What am I doing, Mary?” she asked.
“Do you mean, what are you doing in Rackham’s bed?” Mary asked.  Anne nodded, almost ashamed, but mostly confused.
“I’ve been wondering the same thing,” Mary admitted.  “I didn’t ask you because I didn’t want to upset you.”
“No,” Anne sighed.  “I’ve upset myself.  What sort of woman goes to another man’s bed a month after her husband’s death?” Anne moaned, putting her face in her hands.
“One with ulterior motives?” Mary suggested.  Anne shook her head.  “Because I wouldn’t have blamed you,” Mary murmured, “for playing the cards you have to your advantage.”
She sighed and pulled Anne’s hands from her face.  She had been using them to hide a few stubborn tears.
“Do you love him?” Mary asked gently.  Anne shrugged.
“Perhaps . . . but what I felt for James was different.”
“What do you feel for Rackham?” Mary asked.  Anne thought for a moment.
“I like that he cares for me,” Anne answered slowly.  “And that someone’s . . . taking care of me.”  She found that she was ashamed to give both answers.  They sounded similar to the reasons she had left Charles Town in the first place.
“It’s natural to want those things, Anne.  To be loved and protected,” Mary assured her.
“But from Rackham?” Anne asked.
“I believe his feelings for you are true,” Mary replied.
“And if my feelings for him aren’t true?” Anne pressed.  Mary hesitated before responding.
“Sometimes it takes a long time before you can know if feelings are true.  Perhaps Rackham will win your heart in time.”
“Perhaps,” Anne mused.  “And in the meantime?”
“I cannot tell you that,” Mary answered gently.  “But Nathaniel says we will reach Nassau in less than a week.  Things will change when we are on land.  Perhaps you could wait to see how events unfold.”  Anne nodded and picked up her spoon.
“Have you and Nathaniel decided what you will do once we reach land?” Anne asked after swallowing a mouthful of porridge.
“We would like to leave the crew if Rackham allows it.  We know he will not be happy losing his navigator, but neither of us ever wanted to be pirates.  Nathaniel would like to get an officer’s commission for the Navy.”
“That is a far cry from piracy,” Anne remarked.
“He knows that,” Mary smiled.  “We plan on taking the next ship back to England and associating with pirates as little as possible from then on out.”
“What if I remain pirate?” Anne asked.
“You would be the exception,” Mary replied delicately.  The conversation had taken an uncomfortable turn.  Mary’s marriage hadn’t affected her friendship with Anne, but it was beginning to influence both women’s paths in the near future.  They had avoided the topic until now.
“What do you plan to do?” Mary asked, setting down her spoon.
“I haven’t decided,” Anne replied.  Without a husband, her future was far more indefinite than Mary’s.  “I think I would like to remain pirate.  I do like life aboard The Treasure.  Well, my life before I was made to dress like I’m going to tea.  I want to come back as a working member of the crew, even if it is as the cook.  I do not know if Rackham will allow that, though.”
“Have you spoken with him?” Mary asked.
“Not yet,” Anne replied.  “I have also thought of asking him if it would be possible to make a trip to Charles Town.”
“You would go back to your family?” Mary exclaimed.
“No,” Anne answered quickly.  “My family would not have me back.  My reputation was scandalous before I ran away, by now it is sullied beyond repair.  I am sure my father disowned me long ago.”
“So why return?”
“To see how they get on,” Anne replied.  “I would not make myself known, but stay in town long enough to hear that they are doing well . . . perhaps walk by the house once or twice and peak in, mostly to reassure myself that I am not missing anything.”
“I am so sorry you think of your home in such a way,” Mary said.  Anne rolled her eyes when she saw Mary examining her with compassion.
“It is no longer my home,” she snorted, but she could tell her calloused response hadn’t fooled Mary.
“So The Treasure is your home?” Mary pressed, raising her eyebrows.  
“I suppose it is,” Anne replied nonchalantly.  
“Then it sounds like you have a lot to discuss with Rackham before we reach land,” Mary said, picking up her empty bowl and leaving Anne with her thoughts.
That evening, Anne stood on the quarterdeck watching the sailors work.  The night was calm and there was little wind.  Mary and Nathaniel stood on the waist of the ship, looking out over the water, laughing and talking.  Pete slumped down in a corner, his hat pulled down over his eyes to nap as he always did during the first dog watch.  A few other sailors lounged on the deck, swapping stories in low voices and whittling at scraps of wood.  Clusters of stars began twinkling in the serene purple sky.  Lately the crew had been anxious and rowdy with the excitement of approaching land, but this evening everyone seemed to share the relaxation of the peaceful night.
“Can you find Andromeda?” Nathaniel asked his wife playfully.  Mary wrinkled her brow and scanned the sky.
“I don’t think she’s out yet,” she replied, “wait, no, there she is.”  Mary pointed to a constellation beginning to appear on the horizon.
“Have I ever told you about Andromeda?” he asked, continuing his charade and taking her by the waist.
“Only half a dozen times, love,” Mary answered, “And you should stop because you will only make me vain if you keep calling me the most beautiful woman in the world.”
“But it is true,” he whispered, pulling her close.
“Stop that,” she scolded, wiggling out of his arms and instead taking his hands in hers.  “We cannot behave like this in front of the crew.”  Nathaniel let out a heavy sigh.
“You’re right,” he smiled.  “I shouldn’t make them jealous.”  Mary just smiled and turned her gaze back out to the water.
“Has Anne decided what she is going to do once we reach shore?” he asked after watching her silently for a few moments.  He always seemed to know what was on her mind, even without asking.  
“Not yet,” Mary said, feeling like a book.  “She thinks she will remain a pirate, but she wants to work with the rest of the crew if she does come back.”
“Rackham will never allow that,” Nathaniel replied.
“I know,” Mary nodded.
“But she wants to stay with Rackham?” he asked.
“I get the impression it is the excitement of a pirate’s life rather than her attachment to Rackham that keeps her bound to this ship,” Mary smiled, “but perhaps it is some of both.”
“That poor girl doesn’t know what she wants,” Nathaniel remarked, glancing up at the quarterdeck.  Anne sat with her chin in her palm, her brow furrowed in thought, unaware she was the topic of their conversation.
“You’re right.  She doesn’t,” Mary replied.  
“She could come back to England with us,” Nathaniel proposed.  “I’m sure there would be enough to entertain her there.  You could suggest it to her.”
“I thought of that,” Mary sighed, “but I do not want her to feel obligated to accept our invitation, and I do not want to deter her from making other decisions.”
“Like what?” Nathaniel asked.
“She’s thinking about going back to Charles Town.  She says she wants to see that her family is well, even if she does not go to them directly.”
“I thought her family disowned her?”
“She does not know that for certain,” Mary explained.  “She’s only speculating.  Regardless of whether or not she is disowned, she misses her mother.  She’s said so.  She’s not like you or me, where we have no family to go home to.  She’s left them by choice, and at times I think she regrets it.”
Nathaniel smiled to himself.
“What is it?” Mary asked.
“Nothing,” he smirked.  “Only . . . it’s funny to think of Anne, stubborn and calloused as she is, missing her family or regretting anything.”  Mary smiled as well.
“She certainly is strong and fiery, but that does not mean that these past few months haven’t shaken her world.  The Anne we know is not the same one who left her parents.”
Nathaniel nodded in agreement and leaned his arms against the railing. Mary slipped her arm through his and laid her head on his shoulder.  Staring out at the water, they fell silent.
Besides the food, the thing Anne hated most about being on a ship was all the time it allowed for thinking.  For the most part the work was mindless, leaving lots of time for freewill of the imagination.  All the extra time only allowed her to rethink decisions she had already made or overanalyze the simplest of actions.  Now, as they neared land and she sat trying to sort through her options, she couldn’t seem to find one clear thought.  Everything blurred together, one decision hinging on another and one point determining several.  She was beginning to get a headache and wished she could turn off her mind.  She looked up as Captain Rackham walked up the steps to join her on the quarterdeck.
“Good evening, Anne,” he said in his smooth mellow voice.  Anne gave him a small smile.  Whenever she heard him talk like that it reminded her of when he read her poetry in the garden.  On occasion it could still make her shiver.  
“Good evening, Captain,” she replied.
“Why do you never call me Jack?” he frowned, joining her at the railing.  
“I do,” she argued.
“Only in the cabin,” he pressed.  “Usually you call me Captain.”
“You are my captain,” she replied.
“Is that how you prefer to think of me?” he asked carefully.  Anne threw him an uncertain look.  “The rest of the crew calls me Captain because that is the level of respect I demand of them, and to them all I will only ever be is their captain.  However, with you . . . well, you are more to me than another member of the crew, and I would like to think that I am more to you than your captain.”
Anne felt her skin begin to flush and a lump rose in her throat.  He was attempting to address that untouched subject between them, and she still did not know where she stood on it.  She turned to him with a serious expression on her face.
“Of course you are,” she murmured.  He was her captain and something else, but she hadn’t yet figured out what that other something was.  Rackham’s lips loosened into a small smile, but he seemed to detect the insecurities behind her answer.
“May I ask what your plans are once we reach Nassau?” he asked.
“I haven’t come to a decision,” Anne replied softly, trying to escape his probing green eyes.
“I see,” he murmured.  “I hope this would go without saying, but you are welcome back on The Treasure once we set sail again.  I have grown quite found of your company and would miss it terribly should you decide to stay behind.”
“Could I come back as a member of the crew?” she asked, her spirits rising a bit.
“You wouldn’t have to,” he replied delicately.
“But could I?” she pushed.  “Surely you can understand that I feel useless when I have to sit around in a dress all day while the rest of the men work.  It makes it appear as though being your mistress is my sole purpose.”
“Anne, I hope you do not think of yourself as my mistress,” he said, obviously hurt by her words.  “Do you feel that you are?”
“No,” she retorted, “but I fear that’s what the crew thinks of me.”
“Anne, there is not much I can do to change what the crew thinks,” he replied.
“Let me work,” she snapped.  “Then I will be earning my keep and the crew will see me as one of them again.”  Rackham’s face became hard and he fell silent for a moment.
“Is this point negotiable?” he asked tersely.
“It will take an awful lot to tempt me,” she snorted.
“Name your price,” he replied gravely.  Anne hadn’t expected him to conduct a negotiation on the spot.  She was speechless for a moment, but then wrinkled her forehead and studied the captain’s solemn face.
“An officer’s position,” she replied and turned to look out over the main deck.
“You want to be an officer?” he asked, raising his eyebrows.
“I will dress as a woman and live in a cabin, but you must make me an officer,” she said, keeping her eyes straight ahead.  “I want the position’s responsibilities, as well as its fair share in the treasure.”
“Any specific position?” he asked, half sarcastic.  She turned her stony expression on him.
“Quarter master,” she answered, pursing her lips and narrowing her eyes.
“You cannot be serious,” he replied quickly.  “Appointing you my first officer will not force the crew to respect you, Anne.”
“They already do,” she shot back, “and this is not about gaining the crew’s respect, you asked my price and I gave it.”
“So you will not rejoin me on The Treasure unless it is as an able bodied sailor, dressed as a man and living with the crew, or as my quarter master in women’s clothes living in a cabin?” he asked.
“Those are your options,” she nodded.  Rackham grew silent for a moment and watched his crew on the deck below.
“Can I have time to think on this matter?” he asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“I expect you to keep it from reaching the crew while I deliberate, for obvious reasons.”
“Of course.”
“May I escort you to your cabin?” he asked, bending his arm to her.
“Yes,” she answered with a satisfied smile, taking his arm.
The next morning saw a gray sky, but no rain.  Anne excitedly shared her negotiation from the evening before with Mary.
“So it is settled.  You will be returning to The Treasure?” she asked with concern.
“I suppose so,” Anne replied.
“You know that you are welcome to accompany Nathaniel and me back to England?” Mary offered.  
“That is very kind of you, Mary, but I would not dream of interfering with . . .”
“We would be glad to have you, and you could easily start a new life . . .” Mary trailed off.
“As what?” Anne asked skeptically.
“A barmaid,” Mary stumbled.  Both women laughed at her pathetic answer.  “I’m sure the tavern owner would be glad to have you.  You would have enough stories from these few months alone to entertain any crowd,” she laughed.
“Thank you, Mary,” Anne smiled, “but now that I know this life exists, anything less than it wouldn’t be enough to hold my attention.  I fear I would go mad.”
“I can understand,” Mary smirked.  “I am beginning to wonder how long I will be able to live the life of a housewife again before I start itching for adventure myself.”
“Don’t be silly,” Anne scolded.  “If Nathaniel does get a position in the Navy, he will not be able to leave you behind.  He’ll want you right beside him the whole time.  You’ll never be in want of an adventure.”
“I hope you are right,” Mary replied.

The sky that had been gray all day, cleared as evening fell.  A big red sun broke through the clouds as it sunk below the horizon and set the dark ocean sparkling.  Suddenly a voice shouted from above.
“Land ho!” Danny yelped.  Everyone looked up to the crow’s nest where he pranced about excitedly, pointing off the starboard side of the ship.  Within seconds the crew had crammed themselves along the railing, straining to catch a glimpse of the black land.
“I don’t see anything,” Anne complained, squinting against the glare off the water.
“Me neither,” Mary replied, trying to block the light with her hand.
“Danny always spots land well before any of us can,” Pete said from behind them.  He was staring over the tops of both of their heads.  “The lad has eagle eyes.  There’s nothing wrong with yours.”
“Well he’s not seeing things,” Nathaniel said approaching the three.  “I can see it, but barely.  It is still a good day’s sail away.”
“We need to stop the ship before nightfall,” Pete said disappointedly, with a grave expression on his face.
“Why?” Anne asked turning around.
“One of the reasons Nassau is a popular spot for pirates is because it is surrounded by a maze of reefs.  Small pirate vessels can maneuver the trip, but large Navy boats often get caught up in them,” Pete explained.
“We cannot hope to continue sailing in the dark.  It would be too dangerous,” Nathaniel added.  “I’m going to speak with the captain.”
The rest of the crew chattered amongst themselves anxiously as the officers held a hasty meeting on the quarterdeck with the captain.  They passed Rackham’s spyglass back and forth as they each took turns examining the land that was yet invisible to most of the crew.  Rackham nodded, seeming to have come to a decision.
Edwards clambered down the steps onto the main deck and began shouting out orders.
“Bring in the jib.  Prepare the port and starboard anchors,” he hollered.  “Bring her into irons.  This ship needs to be at a standstill by sunset, gentlemen.”  The men immediately jumped at his orders.
“Do you think you’ll be able to do that?” Mary whispered to Anne, nodding towards Edwards.  They watched the men scuttle about, quickly fulfilling his every command.
“I think the men respect me enough to listen and obey if I were giving orders,” Anne replied, “though I do not think I could invoke the same fear as Edwards.”
“Shall I bring out a barrel, sir?” a sailor asked the quarter master with a twinkle in his eye.  Edwards cracked a small smile and looked to Rackham who had also heard the request.  The crew quieted as they waited for the captain’s reply.  Rackham studied their anxious expressions for a few suspenseful moments.
“After the ship has stopped,” he said gravely, and the men let out a cheer.  “I want it in irons first, gentlemen, but I do not see any harm in celebrating our safe journey a day early.”  He smiled in spite of the serious façade he was attempting to maintain.  
Neither Anne nor Mary had ever seen the crew move so quickly.  They brought the ship to a dead halt within minutes, and a keg of ale was rolled out onto the deck and several bottles of rum uncorked well before the last of the sun’s rays had disappeared.
After the first round of drinks had been consumed, someone brought out a fiddle and began to play.  The festivities quickly escalated.  The officers and even Captain Rackham joined the crew gathered around the keg.  The crew of The Treasure hadn’t seen land for two months and for the men of Penning’s crew it had been even longer.  Everyone had reason to celebrate.
“Anne, Mary, Nathaniel!” Danny called up to them as they stood on the forecastle watching the men make fools of themselves.  “Come down and join us.”  Since they had unveiled themselves as women, Anne and Mary no longer partook in drinking, simply for their safety.
“No thank you,” both the women hollered down.
“One pint!” he cried.  They laughed and shook their heads as he stumbled about.
“Nathaniel!” he tried again, “surely I can persuade you to have a pint with me.”
“Not tonight, Danny,” he replied, leaning over the railing.  Danny gave up and wobbled back to join the rest of the crew.
“You can join them, Nathaniel,” Mary laughed.
“I’d rather not,” he smiled.  “I’d prefer to spend this beautiful evening up here with you.”
“I see,” she teased, “then I suppose you would also be opposed to taking me for a turn on the dance floor.”
“Of course not,” he smiled, taking her by the arm.  “I did not know you wanted to.”
“We’ll be right back, Anne,” Mary smiled.  They flitted down to the main deck and the crew cheered as they spun and stomped in time with the jig.
Anne smiled down at the couple, but watching them made her sad.  She and James never had a chance to dance together.  She sighed and walked to the other railing.  She looked out over the water, and began to think about the negotiation she had offered Rackham.  She realized she made it sound certain that she would be coming back, when in reality she wasn’t certain at all.  She had begun to think that signing onto a different ship once again disguised as a man, where no one knew her true identity, would be her best option.  The more she thought on it, the more she liked it.
As Anne weighed these options in her mind, her eyes had fixed themselves on a point of light in the distance.  She blinked, suddenly aware of what she was seeing.  Squinting at it, she was almost certain it was approaching from the direction of land.  It was another ship.  Anne stared at it, puzzled why a ship sailing in shallow, reef laced waters would have nothing but a single lamp for light.
She turned to look at The Treasure.  It was lit up like a carnival and they were making enough noise to be heard across the water for miles.  Something at the top of their mast caught her attention.  It was the black flag she had fashioned months ago, decorated with a skull and crossed cutlasses, fluttering for all to see.  One of the crew must have raised it, drunkenly flaunting the fact that they were a pirate ship.
Anne gasped, as she realized the approaching ship was coming to attack them.  They had seen the flag and were coming under the cover of night to take The Treasure by surprise.  Anne could remember sailors saying that Nassau was always under the watchful eye of the Navy.  The crew had begun celebrating their safe arrival too soon.  
“Mary!” Anne shouted running back to the other railing.  “Nathaniel!  Come quickly!”  Both looked up at her, and when they saw the frantic expression on her face, ran up to the forecastle.
“It’s another ship!” Anne exclaimed, “but with only one lamp lit.  They are sailing right for us.  I think we are under attack, and look!”  She pointed to the flag on the mast.  “They no doubt saw us before the sun went down, and now we are like sitting ducks, announcing to everyone that we are pirates.”
“It’s got to be the Navy,” Mary said, still breathing heavily from dancing.
“I don’t like the looks of this,” Nathaniel muttered.  “Captain!” he shouted, running back down the steps to the main deck.
“It’s getting closer by the minute,” Anne exclaimed, looking back at the other ship.
“Where are you going?” Mary called, as Anne hurried down to the main deck.
“To take down that wretched flag and then to the arsenal,” Anne yelled over her shoulder.  Mary followed her and by the time they reached the main deck half the crew was already pressed against the starboard side watching the approaching ship.  Its sails could now be seen.
“It’s the Navy!” someone exclaimed.
“It cannot be the Navy,” another man replied, “they are sailing much too fast.  That’s got to be a sloop.”
“Regardless,” another voice said, “they are coming for us.  Why else would they keep their deck dark like that?”
“Put out the lanterns,” Anne yelled, having heard the man’s comment.  “Make it hard for them to see us.”  She lowered the black flag and untied it from the mast.  Several of the crew members looked as though they were ready to follow her order.  They looked to Edwards, expecting him to give a similar order, but he was waiting on Rackham.
“Captain?” he pressed.  “What orders shall I give?”  The captain’s face had turned pale and his blood shot eyes were wide and carried a look of panic.
“Captain Rackham?” the quarter master asked again, this time more sternly.
“Give me a moment,” he replied, as he began to pace.  The crew seemed to detect his fear and glanced from one to another with uncertainty.  As the seconds ticked by the men shuffled uneasily and someone whispered.
“Let us do as Anne says, and put out the candles.  We cannot waste a moment.”
“Silence!” Rackham roared.  “I am the captain! You will do as I say!”
“Captain?” Edwards asked once more.  Rackham stared out at the approaching light and then at the crew.
“Load the guns,” he finally said, “and then wait for my command.”
“You heard him,” Edwards hollered, “load the guns!  Go grab your weapons, men.”
“Captain!” Anne exclaimed, running up to him.  “Let Mary and I . . .”
“No!” he replied gravely.  “You and Mary are to go to the hold at once.  I will not have you in combat.”
“Mary, Nathaniel, and I are the only ones aboard this ship who aren’t drunk!  You need us.  Let us fight,” she argued.
“Anne, I said get below.  I am the captain and you will obey my orders,” he answered fiercely.  She wasn’t sure how many pints he had in him, but it was enough to affect his temper and his judgment.
“At least do as I say and put out the candles,” Anne exclaimed. 
“Now, Anne!” he roared.
“Come, Anne,” Mary said calmly, tugging at Anne’s sleeve.  Anne glared at Rackham.  Bunching up the pirate flag in her hands, she whipped it at him and stomped away, fuming as she bustled down the stairs, Mary right behind her.
“Anne, where are you going?” Mary asked, as Anne headed towards the hold.
“I’m doing as Rackham . . .”
“Come with me,” Mary smirked, nodding in the opposite direction.  It wasn’t often that Anne saw a mischievous look on her friend’s face, and knowing she had a plan quickly restored Anne’s spirits. She followed Mary to the sleeping cabin, where Nathaniel was waiting with his arms full of clothing.
“Thank you, dear,” she said, kissing him and taking her old sailor’s outfit from him.
“Here, Anne,” he said, throwing her the old uniform she stole from Georgie.
“You heard Rackham,” Anne exclaimed.  “He’ll never allow us to . . .”
“Once the battle starts he won’t be able to tell one of us from any other sailor,” Mary interrupted, beginning to strip.  
“Beside, the crew is going to need you,” Nathaniel added.  “If anything, climb up into the rigging and shoot from above.  Rackham will never spot you there.”
“Nathaniel, leave so Anne may change,” Mary instructed.
“Of course,” he replied, hurrying out of the cabin.  Anne let her dress drop to the floor and pulled on her old trousers, shirt, and jacket.
“Oh, how I’ve missed these,” she muttered, buttoning her pants.
“I know,” Mary smiled, “I can walk properly again.”
“Let’s go,” Anne said, pulling her hair back and mashing her hat down onto her head.
The women wove their way through the crowded passage to the arsenal.  Most of the sailors they passed didn’t seem to notice they changed clothing.  Anne wasn’t sure if they were simply used to seeing them dressed that way, or if they were too drunk to notice.  As she feared, it was the liquor inhibiting them.
“Here you are Aaron . . . and Mark,” Edwards said as he clumsily handed each of them a pistol and cutlass.  Anne and Mary glanced nervously at each other.  If Edwards, usually sharp and attentive, was too far gone to catch their change in wardrobe, then the crew was in bad shape.  
As they rushed back to the main deck, Anne noticed one of the men, a rigger, collapsed on the floor.  During battle he usually climbed the rigging and shot from above, but tonight it didn’t look like he could climb stairs, much less rigging.  
“Wait,” she shouted to Mary.  Taking Nathaniel’s suggestion, Anne unbuckled the holsters, slipped them off the man and onto her own shoulders.  Each leather strip held a pistol and extra shot and powder.  They formed a heavy cross on her chest.
“I’ll take his place tonight,” Anne said.  Mary nodded curtly and Anne could tell she was preparing her head for battle.  They continued their sprint up to the main deck, but were stopped at the gun deck.
“Mary!” Nathaniel shouted, as he knelt beside a gun, hastily working to load it by himself.
“Where is everybody?” she asked, running over to help him. Usually there were three men on every gun, two to load it and one to fire.  Now, only a handful of men toiled at the guns, lifting the heavy shot with lethargic arms and pouring powder with unsteady hands.
“They’re all still down in the arsenal,” he explained.  “I think they’re getting hung up on the steps.  Half these men are too drunk to walk, much less haul shot and powder up from the hold.  Can either of you stay and help?” he asked.
“I’ll stay,” Mary replied, already working at the gun.
“I’m going up to the main deck,” Anne replied.  “A rigger is passed out down by the arsenal.  I’m going to take his place, but if anyone on deck can be spared, I’ll send them down.”
“Good luck, Anne,” he called as she dashed up the steps and emerged through the main hatch.  
The view above decks was as dismal as below.  Anne glanced out at the approaching ship and in the moonlight saw it was a sloop.  Soon it would be within firing range.  With Edwards still in the arsenal, Rackham shouted orders at the crew.  They needed to move the ship.  It couldn’t sit stationary in the water if they hoped to turn and fight the approaching ship, but the men were struggling at the simple task of raising the anchor.  Several tripped over their own feet as they rushed to obey orders.  Only a handful of them had weapons, and Rackham himself was giving orders that didn’t make sense.  Anne’s jaw dropped.  The crew was in chaos and the battle had yet to begin.
She helped prepare the ship as best she could without Rackham taking notice of her.  After a few minutes, that felt like hours, the ship was finally moving again.
“Those of you who haven’t already, go arm yourselves,” Rackham shouted.  Anne once again stole a glimpse out at the sloop.  It was beginning to turn its port side toward The Treasure, and she knew that in a few minutes they could expect gun fire.
“Are you ready down there?” she hollered through the main hatch to the gun deck.
“Yes!” Mary cried, running to the main hatch and turning her face up towards Anne.  “We’ve got the first round loaded, and some of the men returned with shot and powder, enough for a second.”
“Good,” Anne shouted.  “Listen for Rackham’s order.  I’m heading up into the rigging.”  She jogged across the deck to the main mast and scampered up into the rigging.  Once there she checked her three pistols to see that they were loaded and ready.  She twisted her legs in the ropes like she had seen the other riggers do, so that if she lost her balance and fell, she could hang by her knees.  
Staring down, she was relieved to see a dozen men stagger onto the deck, carrying pistols, muskets, and swords.  They lined up along the railing, and Anne prayed for them to shoot straight.
Her ears perked as she heard an order shouted from the decks of the approaching ship.  The faint cry of “fire” was followed by the thundering of guns.  The Treasure shuttered and groaned as chain shot destroyed the rigging and a yard arm of the foremast.
“Fire!” Rackham roared in reply.  Within seconds their guns deployed and the battle had begun.  Their first round of gun fire managed to take down some of the sloop’s rigging and put a hole in their bow.  Anne could hear the sailors shouting in confusion, but it didn’t stop the sloop from nearing.  Soon it would be close enough for men to start boarding, and for Anne to fire down at the crew.
“Reload the guns,” Rackham yelled, pacing anxiously on the deck.  The sloop fired another round of shot.  Anne gasped as one flew through the rigging a few yards from her and ripped a hole in the sail behind her.  Not waiting for Rackham’s orders, she pulled her first pistol from her waistband and fired onto the deck of the sloop.  She had missed the man she aimed for, but once the men on the deck of The Treasure saw that someone else had fired, they also fired.  Cries from the enemy deck indicated that some had made their mark.  Anne pulled a pistol from one of the holsters and fired again.  This time a man fell.
The men on the deck of the sloop began to fire back with muskets.  Anne saw a few men point up in her directions.  She scrambled up the rigging a few more feet as a musket ball sailed through the ropes where she had been an instant ago.  Pulling her last loaded pistol from her chest she fired at the cluster of men who’d shot at her and they dispersed.  With shaking hands she reloaded her pistols.
“Fire!” Rackham yelled again.  The men on deck fired their pistols and muskets and the guns deployed, but this time unsynchronized, and only one or two at a time.  Wrapping one arm through the rigging, Anne hung out over the deck and peered down into the main hatch.  From above she could see Mary and Nathaniel running from gun to gun, firing them individually. The crew assisting them seemed to have disappeared.  Anne climbed down as quickly as she could, realizing that she was needed on the gun deck more than in the rigging.
“Reload them!” Rackham shouted.
“We can’t!” Nathaniel answered, climbing halfway up the steps and poking his head above deck, a ramrod in his hand.  “The men haven’t come back with shot and powder for a third round yet.”
The sloop fired another round at the crew.  Rackham and several others dropped to the deck, covering their heads with their hands.  The men scrambled back to their feet and hastily tried to reload their weapons.
“Don’t!” Rackham shouted, getting to his feet, his eyes wide and frightened.  “Everyone down into the hold!”  The crew glanced amongst themselves confused.  “You heard me!  That’s an order,” he yelled.  The men began dropping their weapons and making their way towards the main hatch.
“No!” Anne shouted, jumping from the rigging.  “What are you doing?” she exclaimed, running up to the captain.
“Anne!” he replied, shocked.
“I thought that was you up there,” Mr. Isenhart laughed.
“Have them reload!” she cried, pointing to the men with muskets and pistols.
“I am the one giving orders, Anne,” Rackham snarled.  “Everyone into the hold!”
“But we’re winning!” she exclaimed.  “They’ve stopped firing.  We’re twice their size.  We can hold them off.”
“This crew is in no condition to . . .” he began fiercely.
“This crew isn’t in a condition to fight or have you lost your courage for the moment?” she shouted. 
“You will follow my orders!” he roared.  “Get into the hold!”
“You can cower in the hold,” Anne spat. “I am going to defend The Treasure.  Load your weapons men!” she hollered.
“Don’t listen to the wench!” Rackham shouted, as the men began to follow her order.  “She’ll lead you to your death.”
“We’re with you, Anne,” Mary replied reassuringly, giving Rackham a hard stare.  Nathaniel came up the steps behind her.  The three of them set to work loading any rifle or musket within reach.  A few crew members followed their lead.
“No!” Rackham shouted.  “I’m the captain and you will follow orders!  Anyone who listens to Anne will be hung!”  
“We’ll all be hung if we do not fight,” Anne roared as she loaded a pistol.  “We cannot surrender now!”
The men began dropping their weapons as the sloop opened fire on them once again.  They scurried across the deck to the main hatch where Rackham stood ushering them in.  Anne, Mary, and Nathaniel watched with disappointment as their crewmates abandoned them.
“Sorry lads,” Mr. Isenhart shouted over the gunfire as he crawled down into the hatch.  “Orders are orders.  Good luck.”  Anne stared at him with stony eyes, her jaw set tight.
“Come on,” Mary said, grabbing Anne by the sleeve and pulling her to the railing.
“Shoot at the men giving orders!” Nathaniel instructed over the sound of gunfire.  He handed Anne a musket.  “Save your pistols for short range,” he said.
Anne nodded.  They all knew the gravity and danger of this last stand.  Anne threw her arms around Mary in a quick hug, and then laid her musket over the gunwale, ready to fire.  Nathaniel grabbed Mary and kissed her passionately once more before they both took their positions.
“Good luck,” he hollered to both.
The night suddenly seemed to slow down as all three fired into the crew across from them.  They fired musket after musket, but were never at a loss for one, since so many had been abandoned on the deck.  More than once, one of them would poke their head above the gunwale to aim, only to duck back down before they got a bullet in the forehead.
The Treasure groaned as the sloop bumped up against its side, and its crew prepared to board.  The three dropped their muskets and reached for their pistols, and swords.  A rope and grappling hook flew through the air above Mary’s head and hooked onto the rigging behind her.  Anticipating his arrival, she held her pistol up in the air and shot the man on the rope as he sailed across to their deck.  But even as he fell, several more arrived safely in the same way.  
Mary dropped the empty pistol and pulled the loaded one from her waistband.  She shot at a man who had landed on the deck behind her.  Missing, she pulled her cutlass and was about charge him, when she heard a cry that paralyzed her.  She turned to see Nathaniel collapse onto the deck, holding his chest.
“No!” she screamed, dropping her weapon.  Everything around her disappeared as she ran to her fallen husband and took his head in her lap.  She stared down into his face twisted with agony.  His brown eyes, usually laughing and light, were terror filled and wide with pain.  Mary refused to look passed his face to see the scarlet wound the lead ball had made in his chest.
“Mary!” he gasped, reaching up for her face.  “Surrender . . . now.  I need to know that you are going to live.  You cannot die.”  His words came out broken between struggling breaths.  At that moment Mary would have done anything to relieve his suffering, but she was powerless.
“Oh Nathaniel,” she cried, brushing his hair back off his forehead as it beaded with sweat.  “Please don’t leave me,” she begged over and over, tears streaming down her cheeks.  He struggled to form words, but Mary shushed him and cradled him closely.
“I love you,” he managed to whisper before his fingers slipped from her golden hair and his brown eyes rolled back in his head.
“No!” she sobbed, laying her head down on his shoulder.
Anne, who had seen Nathaniel fall and Mary run to his side, knew then that the battle was over, but hadn’t stopped fighting.  The man Mary was about to attack had chased after her, but Anne refused to let him interrupt the couples’ parting words.  She had drawn her pistol and shot him midstride as he ran forward to attack Mary.  Another man had bounded over the side of The Treasure and ran at them with a hatchet, but Anne had also stopped him dead in his tracks with her last loaded pistol.  
Three more men leapt onto the deck and surrounded Mary and Nathaniel.  Anne’s face hardened with anger.  Letting her empty weapons fall to the deck, she drew her cutlass, and sprinted towards them.  Suddenly she was face first on the deck.  Her cutlass flew from her hand and skidded across the deck.  Weaponless, she rolled over to find the tip of a sword inches from her throat.  The man who had tripped her glared down his sword at her.
“Where is the rest of your crew?” he demanded.
“In the hold,” she replied.  Her chest rose and fell heavily, for she was out of breath and frightened, but mostly angry.
“Thank you,” the man replied, almost cordially.  Two more men grabbed Anne by the arms, forced her to her knees, and tied her hands behind her back.
“No!” Mary screamed as two men tore her away from Nathaniel’s body.  She struggled and kicked as they tied her hands.  Tears streaked down Anne’s face as she watched her friend.  Finally Mary gave up and collapsed to her knees, hanging her head and letting her tears run onto the deck.
With no one to defend it, the crew of the sloop swarmed onto the deck of The Treasure.  They filed down into the hold and brought up the ship’s remaining crew as hostages.  Anne glared at each of the crew members with glistening eyes as they were forced onto the deck beside her.
Rackham was the last one brought up from below.  Anne could barely look at him, for fear that she might explode with rage, but her face twisted into a satisfied smile when she saw him forced to his knees with the rest of the crew.  
She quickly counted the heads of the kneeling men and realized that the crew was short several members.  Immediately she noticed that Danny, Mr. Isenhart, and Jim were missing, but she was sure there were others she simply couldn’t think of at the time.
“Where’s Danny?” she whispered to the man kneeling next to her, “and Mr. Isenhart?”
“Shot came in through the side of the hold.  A lot of men went down,” he murmured.  She gasped, but too many other thoughts spun through her head for her to mourn over her friends.  She quickly counted the men standing over them with weapons.  They came to less than twenty.  Anne clenched her jaw in frustration when she realized that The Treasure’s crew of nearly fifty had been taken by one less than half its size.
Anne looked up as the man who tripped her emerged through the main hatch.  He surveyed the crew with hard dark eyes.  He too seemed a bit surprised at their size.
“Gentlemen,” he addressed them, “I am Jonathan Barnet, Captain of The Albion and under the commission of the Governor of Jamaica.  You are all under arrest for piracy.”


Chapter 18

Something creaked from above and the crew of The Treasure looked up to see men coming down to retrieve them from the hull of The Albion.  The light from the deck above flooded into the dim brig, but Anne had no idea as to the time of day.  They had been captured the night before and spent the remainder of the night and what felt like another whole day in the brig.  They hadn’t been fed and she’d heard no ship’s bell announcing the watch, so she had no way of guessing the time.
Two men tentatively approached Anne and Mary’s cell.  If she had been in a better mood, Anne would have found their behavior amusing.  They seemed almost frightened of the women, as if they were rabid animals.
“Captain Barnet wants you two to come up first,” one of them said gruffly, unlocking their cell and throwing the door wide open.  Anne reluctantly woke Mary.  Her friend had slept fretfully the night before, often crying or screaming in her sleep.  Anne shook Mary out of her peaceful sleep and helped her to stand.  Mary had grown surprisingly feeble in the past twenty-four hours, either out of hunger or grief.
“Your wrists please, ma’am,” one of them said, holding up a set of shackles.  
“Don’t you dare harm them!” Pete barked from the cell next door.
“Don’t worry,” the sailor replied gruffly.  “The whole crew has very specific orders to treat these ladies with the utmost respect.”
Anne sighed and held out her arms.  The heavy irons were clapped around her wrists.  Then the man squat down to secure the other cuffs around her ankles.  Anne couldn’t help but think how easy it would be to put her knee to his nose and make an escape, but next to her Mary was also being put in shackles.  She wouldn’t abandon her friend and she didn’t know where she would go if she could make an escape.
Mary watched with misty eyes as the second man fastened the irons around her wrists and ankles.  She could sense Anne tensing next to her and knew exactly what she was thinking.  The men were being careless because they didn’t think two women were capable of making a violent escape.  The temptation was strong and running was almost too easy.  Two days ago, she could have slipped Anne the slightest of glances, enough to signal her consent, and they both could have eluded the men.  
Now, Mary didn’t have the strength or the motivation, she could barely walk, much less run, and Pete was instructing their captors not to harm them, as if they were helpless, innocent children.  She was almost angry at herself, but there was simply nothing left fighting for, not treasure, not freedom, not her life.  The moment she had seen the light disappear from Nathaniel’s eyes she had given up.  She had experienced bliss and once again it was stolen from her.  Her spirit had been destroyed one too many times.  She gave Anne an apologetic look.  Anne returned it.
The man escorting her climbed half way up the steps and turned back to offer her his hand.
“I’m fine,” Anne muttered, springing up the ladder after him, “but she’ll need help.” She nodded towards Mary.  “If you’d fed us, she wouldn’t be so weak.”
“Would you like me to carry you, ma’am?” Mary’s sailor asked.
“No,” Mary replied faintly.  Nathaniel’s arms were the last she’d been in, and she wanted to keep it that way.  She struggled up the first few steps on her own and then grabbed Anne’s hand, who helped her the rest of the way.
On deck, the sun shone directly down on them.  They had been in the brig for two nights, and it was midday of their second day as prisoners.  Anne wasn’t sure why they had kept them onboard for so long when they had been docked in the harbor for over a day.  Both women stared dumbly at the land less than twenty yards away from them.  The port was busy, and the crew around them bustled with activity.  After several months of nothing but black water and blue sky, the green of the land was almost too vivid to be real.  People with unrecognizable faces and names mulled around on the shore.  Anne was suddenly reminded that there was a world outside of The Treasure, and she finally began to worry about what was to become of them.
“Where are we?” she asked anxiously.
“Spanish Town, Jamaica, ma’am,” her sailor replied.  “We’re commissioned by the governor.  We’ll be turning you over to the authorities shortly.”
“Thank you, men,” Captain Barnet said, approaching them.  “I can escort the young ladies from here.  Go help bring up their captain and the rest of the crew, and then follow us to the prison.”  The captain stepped between the two women and latched onto both of them above their elbows.  Anne tried to squirm out of his grasp, and he tightened his grip on her as two armed guards flanked them on either side.
“It would be much appreciated if you would cooperate, Mrs. Bonny,” the captain said firmly.  Anne stopped struggling.  “Please, come with me.”  He led them down the gangplank and onto the pier.  Anne and Mary instantly wobbled on sea legs.  The guard on Mary’s left ran forward and caught her arm as she stumbled.
The small entourage began to make their way through the busy streets of Spanish Town, Jamaica.  The crowds parted and watched in awe and confusion.  Neither Anne nor Mary wore their full disguise, and the people of Jamaica saw two scruffy women dressed as men being escorted to prison.  Anne sneered back at the gawking faces, while Mary didn’t seem to notice them.  Anne felt as though she were a wild animal on display.  The crowd began to boo and yell as the rest of The Treasure’s crew passed through the streets behind the women.
Still struggling to regain the balance they had lost at sea, Anne and Mary slowly climbed the prison steps.  Inside, the jailer appraised them with disbelieving eyes.  He was a hefty, greasy looking man, and smelled of fish.
“What’s all this about, Barnet?” he exclaimed, dropping his quill.  
“They are part of the pirate crew,” the captain explained.  “I thought it best to bring them first to make sure the proper arrangements could be made to accommodate them.”
“I knew you had brought in a big crew this time, Barnet . . . but women!” the jailer exclaimed.  “I’ve never imprisoned a lady pirate before!  Perhaps I should have my wife make arrangements for them to stay with us.”
“No!” Barnet replied sharply.  “These women are as fierce as any pirate on the seas.  Do not let their pretty smiles fool you.  When we finally boarded their ship, these two were the only ones defending it.  The rest of the crew had hidden in the hold. This one shot a man clean out of the air as he swung across to board their ship,” he exclaimed, nodding at Mary.  “And I nearly had to slit this one’s throat before she would stop fighting, an excellent shot she is.”  The jailer’s mouth fell open.  A wicked smirk twisted Anne’s lip, and she got the feeling that if he hadn’t captured The Treasure she would have gotten along quite well with Captain Barnet.
“And both on the same ship?” the jailer asked, still in shock.
“Yes,” Barnet replied.  “Quite remarkable, but if you would please register them,” he pressed.  “We have over forty more of their lot coming.”
“Of course,” the jailer bumbled. “Do you have the ship’s log?”  The guard to Anne’s right handed over the heavy, leather bound book.  The jailer flipped it open and picked up his quill.
“You’re name, miss?” he said, looking to Anne.
“I am registered in the log as Aaron Pierce,” she answered reluctantly, pursing her lips.
“An alias I assume,” the jailer said.  Anne nodded.  “And your given name?” he pressed.
“I left home as Anne Cormac.  In the log you will find a James Bonny.  We were married by a missionary in Africa, so I am now Anne Bonny,” she explained in a husky voice.  The jailer blinked dumbly, and then began scratching notes down in his log book, which he had laid next to the ship’s.
“Thank you, Mrs. Bonny,” he finally said.  “And your name, miss?” he asked Mary.  Mary stared back dazed, as if she had forgotten her name.
“Go on, Mary,” Anne whispered.  Mary looked at Anne, her forehead wrinkled in confusion.  For some reason Mary couldn’t remember her name.  Anne had said it a moment ago, she was sure, but she couldn’t decide if she should say Mark or Mary or Read, Lawrence, or Locke.
“This is Mary Locke,” Anne sighed, struggling over the words as she answered for her friend.  “She is registered in the ship’s log as Mark Read.”  She looked back over at Mary, unsure of what she wanted to be listed as.  “A few weeks ago she was married to the ship’s navigator, Nathaniel Locke.  He should be in the ship’s log as well.”
“By the African missionary?” the jailer asked, scratching notes in his log.
“No,” Anne replied, “by Captain Rackham.”
“Ahh . . . I see,” he replied, looking to Mary.  “I’m sorry miss, but the law will not recognize a marriage union by a pirate captain . . . and I doubt it is recognized before the eyes of God either,” he tacked on jokingly.  Anne gasped and with the jangling of chains, lifted her hands and slapped the jailer across his fat face.  Captain Barnet quickly apprehended her and the jailer rubbed his cheek, flabbergasted.  Anne didn’t bother struggling against the captain.
“Don’t listen to this pig, Mary,” she spoke smugly, glaring at the jailer.  “How dare he mock your marriage when he’s lucky to have a wife, considering he’s a castrated yellow-bellied dandy!”
“Lock them up with the rest of the whores!” the jailer roared, turning red.  
“Whores?” Anne exclaimed, enraged.  “That makes you a ponce!” Anne shouted as she and Mary were led away by the guards.  They were brought to a deserted part of the jail, supposedly where they kept arrested women, and locked in cells opposite each other. 
“Anne,” Mary said gently through the bars of her cell, “there was no need for that.  I am past being hurt by words.”
“I’m not,” Anne snorted.  “And you would have done the same for me if he’d insulted James.”  Mary sighed and nodded.  They listened as the rest of the crew from The Treasure was brought in and booked in the jailer’s log.  They were locked up in a different part of the prison, away from Anne and Mary.  As the sun was setting, a guard came to their cells carrying two tin plates and slipped them under the bars.  The tins were filled with a grayish soupy mixture.
“What is it?” Anne asked with disgust.
“Supper,” the guard smirked.  He was a thin, wiry old gentleman with blotchy red skin and tuffs of gray hair sprouting from his papery scalp.  Anne curled back her lip in disgust as she examined the dish.  She hadn’t thought it was possible for food to be worse than what was served on The Treasure, but she was so hungry she dug in without another question.  Across from her, Mary reluctantly ate a few small spoonfuls, and then set down the dish.
“Mary!” Anne scolded, finishing her meal.  “You must eat more than that.  We haven’t eaten in two days!”
“I’m not hungry,” she replied hollowly.  
“Please, Mary,” Anne begged.  “You have grown weak enough as it is.  What if our trials go badly and we have to break out of here?  If we have to run you cannot expect me to carry you.”
The guard cleared his throat, offended that she had either forgotten he was there or that she would so blatantly suggest attempting an escape in his presence.  Mary smirked in spite herself.  
“When are our trials, Mr. . . . ?” she asked.
“Wallace,” he replied politely, “And your trials are a week from yesterday along with the captain and the other officers.  The rest of the crew is tried the day after tomorrow.”
“Why aren’t we being tried with the rest of the crew?” Anne asked.
“I believe they consider you two a special circumstance.”
“How do you mean?” she asked cautiously. “Is it because we are women?  Do they think we were brought aboard against our will?”
“I believe it is because you two were the only ones defending the ship when the rest of the crew had surrendered.  You’re the only ones actually caught in the act of piracy.”
Anne’s mouth fell open.
“That’s preposterous!” she exclaimed.
“I’m sorry, mum,” the guard smiled.  “I don’t make the laws.  Are you done with your dish?”
Anne and Mary slid their dishes under the bars and Mr. Wallace stooped to pick them up.
“Good night, ladies,” he nodded, and left.
“Don’t fret, Mary,” Anne said more confidently than she felt. She was beginning to doubt the reason she was so confident in their pardoning.  “They will not hang us.”
Mary said nothing, but nodded and Anne could tell she didn’t care if she lived or died.  Anne wished there was something she could say to lift Mary out of her gloom and suffering, but she had been trying the past two days and so far her words had proven ineffectual.
The next two days passed slowly.  Anne tried to entertain Mary by imagining the future.
“We could go to England or Ireland and open a tavern,” she mused.  “Think of the business, all the customers we could draw if they knew we were two women pirates who had escaped the noose.  We would have stories enough to entertain them for years.”  She paused and glanced at Mary, who didn’t seem to be listening.  “We could call it Anne and Mary’s, or Mary and Anne’s if you prefer.  You of all people know there’s good money in taverns and inn keeping . . .” she trailed off as Mr. Wallace came in to bring them supper.
“Good evening,” he said stoically, sliding the dishes of mush under the cell bars.
“Mr. Wallace,” Anne asked, jumping to her feet and pressing her face between the bars, “tell us of the trial.”  The crew’s trial had been that afternoon.  He hesitated as he saw Anne’s hopeful expression.
“All found guilty,” he finally answered. 
“All?” she gasped.
“Yes,” he replied softly.  “I’m sad to see it.  Most of them seemed to be pleasant fellows.”
“So they are to hang?” Anne pressed.
“Tomorrow morning,” the guard nodded.  Anne’s heart dropped into her stomach.  The crew had been her family for the past four months.  She glanced at Mary who appeared more shaken than usual.
“May we visit them?” Anne asked.
“I’m afraid not, miss,” he replied.
“Mr. Wallace, please,” she pressed, tears collecting on her eyelashes.  He sighed, as if he was considering it.  Anne knew it would be a risk for him.  He gave her an apologetic look and shook his head.
“I’m sorry,” he mumbled.  Anne slid her untouched dinner back under the bars and Mary did the same.
“It’s just as well,” Mary murmured when the guard was out of ear’s shot.  “I still think of them as cowards for hiding in the hold while we defended The Treasure.”
“Mary!” Anne scolded, “they were our crewmates, and our family.”
“They are the reason he’s dead!” Mary exclaimed, unable to say her late husband’s name.  Anne held her tongue as Mary dropped her face into her hands to stifle her sobbing.
“You’re right,” Anne said after a few minutes.  “It’s just as well we don’t see them.  I wouldn’t want to accidentally say something that would send them to the noose with more on their consciences.”
“Yes,” Mary sniffled, “and I don’t want them to remember me like this, weaker than an old woman, and crying like a newborn.” She wiped the tears with her dirty sleeve and looked up at Anne with tired red eyes.  Anne sighed, heavy hearted, and nodded her agreement.
The next morning, Anne did something she hadn’t for a long time.  As morning sunlight began to peak through the small slats serving as windows in her cell, she prayed for the souls of the sailors whose breath was to be choked out of them that morning.  Hangings often took place in the morning so the bodies could be left on display for the majority of the day.
“What are you doing?” Mary asked, observing Anne’s folded hands.
“Praying that God might have mercy on the souls of the crew,” Anne whispered, feeling foolish.  Mary nodded in understanding and also folded her hands.

The morning of Anne and Mary’s trial, Mr. Wallace came in carrying Anne’s burgundy dress, Mary’s blue cotton one, and two buckets of water.  
“What’s all this?” Anne demanded.
“The judge requested that you appear in his court dressed as women,” he replied.
“They’re fresh,” Mary noted, as she pulled her dress through the bars of her cell.
“I took the liberty of washing them,” Mr. Wallace said sheepishly.  “They were quite filthy, and I thought that if you were going to be appearing before hundreds in court . . .”
“Hundreds!” Anne exclaimed.
“There are pamphlets for the trial on every door in town.  You two are quite the rarity.”
“So we are to be made a spectacle,” Anne murmured.
“I’m afraid so,” he nodded, “and the judge wants you looking respectable.”  He left, allowing them privacy to wash up and change.  They splashed the cold water on their faces and necks, but without soap or rags, the water just ran in dirty streaks down their bodies.  It would take a lot more than a bucket of water to wash away the grime of months at sea.
After they cleaned up as best they could, Mr. Wallace came back with the jailer.  Each carried a set of shackles.  Unlike the unsuspecting sailors on The Albion, the men locked the chains around the women’s wrists and ankles before they opened their cell.  Today, if she had the chance, Anne would have attempted an escape.
The mid-morning light was nearly blinding after being in the dim prison for so long.  Anne and Mary were handed into an open coach and accompanied by the jailer and two other guards.  Mr. Wallace wasn’t one of them.  Anne anxiously glanced back at him as he stayed behind on the front steps of the prison.
As they rambled down the street, people began pouring out of the shops and houses to watch them pass.  Mary looked at her hands in her lap, paying little attention to the crowd, but Anne stared back at them with an icy glare.  The crowd gawked, horrified by Anne’s fierce expression, as if she were a baited bear.  
The throngs of people grew thicker as they neared the courthouse.  The carriage slowed and halted in front of the white building. A few more guards ran down the front of the courthouse steps and met the carriage. The women glanced at each other and realized the guards weren’t to prevent them from running away, but to keep the pressing crowds back.  Everyone seemed to know who they were and wanted to catch a glimpse of the women pirates.  Surrounded by armed men, Anne and Mary were escorted up the steps of the courthouse.
After spending months on ships and a week in prison, the finery of the courthouse was overwhelming.  A coliseum of tiered wooden benches encircled the wide polished room, and as Mr. Wallace had promised, the benches were filled with hundreds of curious spectators.  A group of white-wigged law students huddled together, murmuring excitedly to each other as they scratched notes in their ledgers.  In the benches closest to the floor sat what looked to be the town officials.  They scrutinized the women from under their severe brows.  Captain Barnet and his officers from The Albion appeared stunned to see Anne and Mary in dresses.
A lump rose in Anne’s throat as her nerves slowly overtook her.  She glanced at Mary, but Mary showed no emotion.  She had truly stopped caring.
“Mary,” Anne whispered fiercely as they were led to a bench in the middle of the floor, “when they put you on the stand, you must defend yourself.  I know you don’t care what is to become of you, but I do!  I need you, Mary, and Nathaniel would want you to live.  Defend yourself for him.”
Mary looked up at her friend and knew she was right.  She would stop being a ghost, even if only for the trial, so she could at least properly defend herself.  After that, if she was found guilty and hung, she wouldn’t have regrets.  Anne smiled when she saw the fire rekindled in Mary’s hollow eyes.  Mary nodded and straightened her shoulders so she could stand a little taller.
For the first time in a week the women saw the officers of The Treasure.  Anne sat stiffly on the bench next to Mr. Harper, and refused to turn her head to acknowledge the other officers staring back at them.  She could feel Rackham’s eyes on her but wouldn’t turn towards him.  She knew she couldn’t look at him without physically shaking from anger.
Mary also refused to look at the officers.  They were the reason Nathaniel was dead, and unlike the crew, they had never felt like family to her.  She didn’t care if they walked free or hung in the harbor for weeks to be picked apart by seagulls.
The courtroom stood as a tall, slender man in billowing black robes and an elaborate white powdered wig entered.  He marched up to his raised bench and gathered his garments as he took his seat.  Looking down his long narrow nose, he nodded to a little man, also in robes, standing on the floor to the right of his stand.  The little man hastily unrolled the parchment he clasped and read aloud.
“His honor, Lord Edmondson, will now hear the trials of Captain Jonathan Rackham, officers Mr. Edwards, Mr. Penning, Mr. Harper, and crew members Anne Bonny and Mary Read of The Treasure.  They are charged with piracy and treason against his majesty, the king of England.”  The little man rerolled the parchment and scurried off the floor.  Anne got a sinking feeling in her stomach and thought for the first time in a long time about her father.  She wished he was there to defend her.
“Captain Jonathan Rackham, please take the stand,” the judge rumbled in a surprisingly deep voice.  Anne and Mary finally turned to look at the captain.  The shackles linking his wrists and ankles jangled as he stood and approached the stand with a haughty air.
The stand was a wooden platform with a four foot wall built around three sides of it.  Out of the top of the wall sprouted bars like that of a wrought iron fence.  The forth wall was all bars and swung open and closed like a gate.  Rackham stepped up onto the platform and a guard closed the gate behind him.  Seeing him caged gave Anne a small sense of satisfaction.
The little man shuffled forward, this time carrying a Bible.  He held it up to the stand and Rackham reached through the bars and placed his palm on the heavy book.
“Captain Jonathan Rackham,” the man babbled in a nasal voice, “with all here present and God as your witness, do you swear to account and attest to all questions and accusations truthfully?”
“I do,” he muttered and raised his eyebrows, almost as if he were bored.  The crowd in the courtroom whispered and shuffled.  Anne rolled her eyes.  She had seen him do this before.  His nonchalant behavior was to cover his fear.  She was familiar with his bravado although she couldn’t deny being guilty of it herself at times.
The judge cleared his throat and read aloud the charges against Rackham.  For the most part the list was accurate and Anne wondered how the judge had come to know of all their exploits at sea.  At first she thought that members of the crew had divulged the details of their crimes, but then she noticed Judge Edmondson flipping through the pages of The Treasure’s log.  Mr. Edwards shifted nervously on the bench and Anne realized he was feeling guilty.  He had always kept the ship’s log most dutifully, and now it would be their undoing.  No one had thought to throw it overboard during their capture.
“Captain, how do you plead?” the judge asked, staring down his hawk like nose.  Anne knew from listening to her father talk about the law that Rackham did not have to testify against himself.  She held her breath and waited for his response.  If he admitted guilt right away, the rest of the officers would no doubt follow suit and do the same.  Anne wanted to see them put up a fight. 
“Not guilty,” Rackham replied.  “A ship’s log is not enough evidence to charge a man with treason or piracy, and it certainly isn’t enough to condemn him to death.”
“Very well,” the judge rumbled.  “Captain Barnet, please take the stand.”  Captain Barnet jumped to his feet and took the stand.  He had testified against many pirates under the commission of the Navy, but he could not help but feel a twinge of guilt when he did so, knowing that he too had once been tried for piracy.  He was now a privateer and knew it was an easy step to pirate.  He could scarcely blame Rackham for his decision.  Greed was a strong motivator.
“Please relate to me, as accurately as possible, the events of the evening when you captured Captain Rackham’s ship,” the judge said silkily.
“Yes, my lord,” Captain Barnet replied, clearing his throat.  “That evening we were anchored in the shallows a few miles east of the Bahamas.  Around sunset we spotted Captain Rackham’s ship.  They had posted no colors so naturally I suspected them of piracy.  My officers and I decided that if we sailed under the cover of night we could perhaps take them by surprise.  As we approached we realized that the crew was engaged in some sort of festivity and knew we could take advantage of their drunkenness.  In the remaining light after sunset, we could see what appeared to be a pirate flag had been posted on the mast.  We engaged in battle and for a while the crew put up a good fight, but by the time we boarded only these two young ladies . . .” Captain Barnet nodded towards Anne and Mary, but the judge interrupted him.
“Their trial is later, Captain Barnet,” he interjected.  “Please address the matters concerning Captain Rackham.”
“Yes, my lord,” the captain nodded apologetically.  “When I boarded, I was informed that captain and crew were in the hold.  I took a group of my men down below decks and Rackham identified himself as Captain and gave me no struggle.  The rest of the crew did likewise.  Also in the hold we found cargo from their many raids and captures, including gold bars from Africa.  I believe I saw a complete list in the log.”
“Captain Barnet, do you consider Captain Rackham a pirate?”
“Yes, my lord,” Captain Barnet replied.  “The unusual amount of treasure cargo in the hold and the black flag with a skull and cutlasses on it, all heavily indicate piracy.”
“What have you to say to this?” the judge asked, turning to Rackham.
“Anne made the flag,” he muttered.
“Under your orders!” Anne cried leaping to her feet.  Immediately several guards rushed forward to detain her.
“Silence,” Judge Edmondson rumbled, giving Anne a warning look.  She huffed and sat back down as the guards backed away.  “Captain Rackham, I hardly see how pointing fingers at the seamstress of the flag will prove your innocence.  You were clearly involved in acts of piracy and unfaithful to his majesty, the king.  Records in the log clearly indicate you destroying your letter of marque for privateering.  Unless you have a witness or evidence to suggest otherwise, this court finds you guilty.”  Rackham remained silent.  Anne wanted to see him scan the crowd in a panic, looking for someone to defend him, but he remained calm.
“I have no witness, my lord,” he replied steadily.
“Then this court finds you guilty of piracy and treason against his majesty the king of England,” the judge announced over the excited whispering in the courtroom.  “I sentence you, Jonathan Rackham, to death by hanging. Tomorrow morning you are to be taken to a place of execution where you shall be hanged by the neck ‘til you are dead.  May God, in his infinite mercy, take pity on your soul.”
The officers on the bench shifted nervously as Rackham was brought down from the stand. His trial was an indication of how theirs would go.  Each of them was called up to the stand, and each was brought back to the bench a dead man walking.  All were found guilty of treason and piracy and sentenced to hang.
Anne’s face grew increasingly ashen and even Mary wrinkled her brow in worry.  Seeing the fate of the officers decided before their very eyes in such a regimented manner shook all the confidence out of Anne and jostled Mary out of her gloomy stupor.
“Mrs. Anne Bonny, Miss Mary Read, please take the stand,” the judge announced, invoking the anxious whispering of the crowd.  The women exchanged uncertain glances and together stood up. Neither had imagined they’d be tried with the other.  The irons binding their wrists and ankles jangled as they walked across the floor of the courtroom and stepped up to the stand.  The courtroom fell silent and all eyes settled on them.  The little man carrying a Bible shuffled forward again and held the book up to Anne.
“Mrs. Anne Bonny,” the man announced loftily, “with all here present and God as your witness, do you swear to account and attest to all questions and accusations truthfully?”  He beamed at the fact that he was playing a part in the rare and memorable occasion of their trial.  It irked Anne that he was basking in their misfortunes.
“I do,” she muttered in response to the oath, glaring down at the little man with cold eyes.  The look seemed to strike fear into him and he read Mary her oath with much less pomp and circumstance.
“I do,” Mary replied, smirking in spite herself at Anne’s intimidation of the little man. 
“Mrs. Anne Bonny and Miss Mary Read,” Judge Edmondson began, “you are both accused of piracy and treason. How do you plead?”
Mary glanced wearily at Anne who had a mischievous look in her eye.  They both knew their trial was meant to be a show, not the mechanical sentencing the officers had gone through.  The judge no doubt had a long line of witnesses ready to give the most horrific and exaggerated accounts of them.  He had likely heard of Anne’s fiery temper and perhaps hoped to rile her in order to create a spectacle.  The easiest way of keeping their dignity was to simply not play the game.
“My lord,” Mary sighed, “Our captain, officers, and crewmates have all been accused of piracy and sentenced to hang.  We know our sentences will be no different, and we are not of the humor to argue our innocence.” 
The judge raised his eyebrows as his face contorted into an expression of disbelief.  
“You’re admitting guilt?” he asked.
“Are our chances of proving our innocence greater than any other member of the crew?” Anne asked with sardonic dubiousness.  The judge’s words seemed to get caught up in his mouth as he tried to form a response.  
“Given the circumstances and evidence already presented, it is unlikely,” he hesitantly answered.  He clearly had not expected a confession from them.
“We are not afraid to admit what we’ve done,” Anne continued.  “We are pirates.  We’ve killed.  We’ve stolen.  We’ve committed treason.  Did I not just place my hand on a Bible and swear to tell the truth?  Let us simply spare your time and confess.”
“You are not required to testify against yourself in a court of law,” Judge Edmondson interjected.
“My father is a lawyer,” Anne replied.  “I am perfectly aware of my rights.”
“A lawyer!” the judge exclaimed.  “Madam, how did you ever end up amongst pirates?”
The whole courtroom leaned forward in anticipation of her answer.  This is what the judge and town officials had hoped for in the trial and the very thing Anne and Mary had hoped to avoid.
“We don’t have to submit ourselves to your inquisition,” Mary answered for her.  “We have admitted guilt.  You may convict and sentence us and send us on our merry way.”  Anne smiled at Mary as the judge became increasingly bewildered.  
“But your sentence is to hang!” he exclaimed.  Mary smirked at the judge, knowing they had one more card to play, and then turned to the bench where Captain Rackham and the rest of the officers sat wide eyed.
“The hanging is no great hardship.  Were it not for that, every cowardly fellow would turn pirate and so infest the seas that men of courage must starve.”  Anne understood Mary’s sharp words.  Nathaniel’s body now lay at the bottom of the sea because the men on the bench had been too cowardly to fight.  They were the ship’s leaders and had made weak choices.  They could have saved themselves and the rest of the crew from the gruesome death they now faced.  Mary wanted them to remember that as they hung.
“I plead guilty,” Mary said, turning back to the judge.
“I plead guilty,” Anne echoed.  The courtroom once again burst into excited whispers.
“Very well,” the judge huffed.  “This court finds you guilty of piracy and treason against his majesty the king of England.  I sentence you, Mrs. Anne Bonny, and you, Miss Mary Read, to death by hanging.  Tomorrow you are to be taken to a place of execution where you shall be hanged by the neck ‘til you are dead.  May God, in his infinite mercy, take pity on your souls.”
“My lord,” Anne piped up over the growing noise of the courtroom, “we plea our bellies.”  The crowd quickly fell silent.
“I beg your pardon?” the judge exclaimed.
“We are both with child,” Anne repeated.  The judge’s face turned the color of Anne’s dress and the courtroom erupted in cacophony.


Chapter 19

Anne and Mary were quickly rushed out of the chaotic courtroom.  Mary happened to catch a glimpse of Captain Rackham’s face as they passed the bench.  It was an expression she had never seen him wear before, an odd combination of terror and delight. The news was a complete surprise to him and the other officers.  
A physician was called in, and after an examination of the women, diagnosed both to be with child.  For the first time since their capture, Mary smiled.  Anne hugged her and breathed a sigh of relief.  They were now within the protection of the law.  Their guards gently pried them apart and then led them back out into the noisy courtroom.  The room silenced as the women once again took the stand and Judge Edmondson took his seat.  
“Dr. Crawford, please take the stand,” he rumbled, restoring the order of the courtroom.  The middle aged physician approached the bench.  He took his oath, and the courtroom shifted impatiently.  
“Your testimony?” the judge asked.
“I have found both Mrs. Anne Bonny and Miss Mary Read to be with child,” he replied steadily.  The courtroom once again began bubbling with commotion.  “They are both several weeks into their pregnancies,” he finished over the noise.
“Silence!” the judge roared, and the courtroom quieted.  “Thank you, Dr. Crawford.  You may step down.”
Judge Edmondson rubbed his temple and wrinkled his brow.  Looking down his hawk like nose with grave eyes, he studied the women.  The officers on the bench shifted nervously.  Anne and Mary stared unwaveringly back at the judge, awaiting the ruling.  Both could hear the other’s heart pound against her rib cage.  The judge spoke, breaking the silence.
“Under his majesty’s law it is illegal to kill an unborn child by taking its mother’s life.  I therefore grant Mrs. Anne Bonny and Miss Mary Read, stays of execution until their children are birthed.”  
The courtroom erupted in excitement and Anne’s stomach dropped.  She hadn’t expected their execution to be postponed.  She had been fairly certain they would be acquitted all together.  The gravity of their sentence sunk in and a wave of terror washed over her.  Now she felt as though she had allowed herself to hang by admitting to piracy.  Feeling brave was easy when she was on the stand and still had an ace up her sleeve.  Now she had come to the end of her rope and was finally terrified.
Mary wore Anne’s same shocked expression as she stepped down from the stand.  It was painfully unfair.  She couldn’t have Nathaniel’s child only to have it stolen from her.  She did care about life, hers and the one inside her.  The sentence seemed cruel and unbearable.  Her shoulders drooped and her heart ached.  For a moment she had begun to hope.  Even if she couldn’t have Nathaniel, she could have his son or daughter, and that would be enough to make life worth living.  Her heart could only bear so much.  Mary felt as though something inside her chest had torn.  Her skin felt hot and everything around her looked and sounded like it was coming through water, as if she were drowning.  
“Anne,” she whispered, reaching for her friend.  Mary tried to take a step forward and tumbled to the ground.  
“Mary!” Anne exclaimed, dropping down beside her.  “Someone, help!” she cried.  The people in the courtroom began filing out of the benches and onto the floor, eager to catch a glimpse of the commotion, but guards swarmed around them before the crowd could reach the women.  Two of the guards stooped to help Anne roll Mary onto her back.  “We must get her out of here,” Anne exclaimed.
“Be careful,” another guard yelled, “it might be a trick.”  Anne threw the man a vitriol glare. Dr. Crawford, the physician, was suddenly beside her and placed his fingers on Mary’s wrist to feel her pulse.  He gently pulled back her eyelids to reveal the whites of her eyes.  
“Mrs. Bonny is right,” he nodded.  “We should get her out of here.”  
“Stand back!” guards yelled to the pressing crowds.  Two guards took Anne by the arms and pulled her towards the door, while two more lifted Mary and followed closely behind.  They were swept into the carriage, several guards and the physician piling in with them.  Quickly they made their way back to the prison.  
Anne held Mary’s head in her lap as the carriage jerked through the busy streets.  She didn’t even notice the gawking crowds as she stared down at her friend’s flushed face.  Mary’s breathing was shallow and slow, and aside from the occasional fluttering of her eyelashes, she didn’t move.  Her skin was hot and clammy.
“Mr. Wallace!” Anne shouted as the carriage stopped at the steps of the prison.  “Mr. Wallace, come quickly!  Mary is not well!”
Mr. Wallace appeared on the steps as Anne jumped from the carriage, ignoring the hands extended to help her.  She tried running up the meet the old man, but found the hands that had offered her help were now apprehending her.
“I’m not going anywhere,” she huffed, trying to shake off the guards’ grip.  She gave Mr. Wallace instruction and waited impatiently for Mary to be lifted down from the carriage.
“You must prepare a bed in Mary’s cell,” she demanded.  “She fainted after the judge gave us stays of execution.  She’s awfully feverish.  I think she’s finally gone and made herself sick.  You cannot expect her to keep sleeping on a pile of straw when she’s . . .”
“If I may, Mrs. Bonny,” the physician interrupted, “allow me to see to it that Mary’s needs are met.  You shouldn’t trouble yourself when you are in such a condition.”
“Trouble myself?  Nonsense!” Anne exclaimed.  “I was with child when we fought The Albion, wasn’t I?”
“With child!” Mr. Wallace yelped.  “So you were given stays of execution?”
“Yes,” Anne replied quickly as she was led up the steps, and the small entourage made their way towards the women’s cells.  “But Mary fainted when she heard the news.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he exclaimed.
“We had to keep it secret.  We thought if no one knew, we could use it to our advantage if the trials went poorly.  Mary and I were found guilty, so when the judge sentenced us to hang, we pled our bellies.  We thought he would acquit us, but he only gave us stays of execution.  After we give birth we’ll both hang.  When we heard we were both shocked, but Mary fainted.”
“The poor dear,” Mr. Wallace frowned as he opened the door to her cell.  “I’ll bring in a cot.”
“Thank you,” Anne sighed.  The two guards laid Mary down in her cell, and Anne watched with the guards as the physician knelt next to Mary.  He laid his hand on her forehead and continued to feel for her pulse on her wrist.
“What’s wrong with her?” Anne finally asked.
“You’re right, she seems to have made herself sick.  I fear the trial was too much for her,” Dr. Crawford concluded.
“Will she be all right?  Is the baby all right?” Anne pressed.
“The child will be fine as long as she continues to eat, but she’s going to need careful tending to.  I’ll speak with the jailer and see if I can make arrangements to stay and keep an eye on her,” he replied earnestly.  For the first time Anne noticed the way the physician was looking at Mary.  His eyes were compassionate and wistful.  He gently brushed the hair away from her forehead as he felt her temperature.
“I can take perfect care of her on my own,” Anne snapped.  “I’m sure she’ll be fine in a few days.  Thank you doctor, but we no longer need your assistance.  Can you please escort him out of here?” she asked, turning to one of the guards.  The guard nodded at the physician, who reluctantly left Mary’s side.  Anne took his place, and the guard shut the cell door behind her.
“I’m still going to speak with the jailer,” Dr. Crawford said, a bit offended that his services were being rejected.
“Please do,” Anne replied snidely. “Let him know that I would like a cot as well.  Seeing as I’m with child, soon I won’t be able to get up off the floor, and a cot would be helpful.”
“I’ll see what I can do,” he replied.  Anne could tell he was fighting the urge to retort.
Mr. Wallace allowed Anne to stay in the cell with Mary for the afternoon.  He brought Anne water and broth to feed Mary, but she wouldn’t wake up to eat. Anne spoke to her all afternoon, not knowing if she could hear her, but wanting to console her in some way.
That evening, when Mr. Wallace came to collect their supper dishes, he unlocked Mary’s cell.
“Please, let me stay with her a little longer?” Anne begged.
“The jailer requests that you return to your cell,” he replied gently, “but before you do, Captain Rackham would like to see you.”  Anne’s eyes widen with dread and her heart began to race.  She wasn’t sure if she was nervous or angry. 
“Must I?” she asked.
“Anne, it’s his last request,” he replied severely.
“Very well,” she sighed, getting up off the floor and brushing off her dress.
“She’ll be fine,” Mr. Wallace assured Anne as she glanced down at Mary.
He snapped shackles around her wrists and led her to another corridor of the prison.  The other officers looked up at her as she passed their cells.  Some smiled weakly, others nodded apologetically, but all wore the same expression of hopelessness.  Captain Rackham’s cell was at the end of the corridor, and she knew that the other officers would be able to hear every word of their conversation. 
As Anne approached his cell she could see him bent over with his head in his hands.  She straightened her shoulders, and took a seat on a stool placed outside the bars for her.  Rackham lifted his head out of his hands and looked up at her.
“Anne,” he breathed, almost as if he was surprised to see her.
“You requested to see me?” she replied tonelessly.
“How are you?” he asked, studying her.
“Fine,” she replied, “and you?”
“As good as can be expected,” he sighed.  Anne nodded.  She watched him expectantly, but he seemed to have trouble finding his words.
“Anne, whose is it?” he suddenly blurted.
“What?” she asked, wrinkling her brow.
“The child, whose is it?”
Anne gave him a baffled look.  She assumed he knew it was his.  
“What does it matter?” she asked.  “Being the father of my child wouldn’t save you from the noose.”
“Tell me if it’s mine, Anne,” he pressed, “or are you carrying the child of that good-for-nothing James Bonny?”
“Don’t talk about him that way,” she snapped.  Rackham jolted up from his seat and leaned menacingly against the bars of the cell.  He glowered down at Anne with his sharp green eyes.
“Anne, did you ever love me,” he hollered, “or did you decide to use me when you discovered you were with child, widowed, and in need of someone to take care of you?”  If he had slapped her across the face, Anne couldn’t have been more shocked or offended.  
“You were the one to seduce me!” she retorted. She felt her temper begin to bubble and her tongue sharpen.
“Me!” he exclaimed.  “You were the one to follow me out to sea in the first place.  You stowed away on my ship!”
“I may have followed you,” she snorted, “but I never loved you.  When you came to my father’s plantation I fell in love with the prospect of a life of freedom and adventure, not you.  You simply provided the opportunity.”
“Yes, opportunity,” he mused contemptuously, “and when you realized you were with child and penniless, I also provided the perfect opportunity for you.  We both know that if our voyage had ended differently, I would be a very rich man right now.”
“And I a rich woman,” Anne replied.  “I held shares in the treasure, too.  I wouldn’t have needed you.”
“You are a clever, manipulative, selfish girl, Anne,” he snarled.  “How could I possibly trust anything you say?”  Anne stood and brought her face within inches of Rackham’s.  Her lips curled back in rage and disgust.
“I assure you the child is yours,” she said in a low harsh voice.  “I didn’t come to your bed because I needed someone to look after me.  I made a foolish mistake because I felt isolated and alone.  My heart has only ever belonged to James.”
Rackham backed away from the bars and began pacing.  
“That stupid tar,” he spat.
“So what if he was a common sailor, you’re nothing more than a bloody pirate!”
“Your James was a bloody pirate as well,” Rackham laughed, “for many years, or did he not mention that?”
“He was only a pirate for a few weeks,” Anne corrected him, annoyed by the accusation.
“So he did keep his dark past from you?” Rackham taunted.
“He told me about his wife’s murder,” she replied.  “He was innocent.  You provided testimony for him.”
Rackham stopped his pacing and once again pressed against the bars bringing his face close to hers.  She didn’t move, but stared back into his smug expression.
“Yes, I did,” he smiled mockingly, “but he obviously didn’t tell you everything.  Several years ago I was the quarter master on a privateer by the name of Revenge.  James and our good friend, Mr. Richard Thorpe, were also members of its crew.”  Anne’s eyes widened, but she continued to listen.  
“Our Captain, George Vane, was a weak man.  After he refused to capture a particularly ripe man-of-war, James, Mr. Thorpe, and myself along with several others decided to mutiny.  We took the ship, threw Vane overboard, and became pirates.  I became Captain, and Mr. Thorpe my quarter master.  James was part of the crew, one of our best sailors and fearless in battle.  He was one of the most cutthroat men I ever knew, pirate to the core.  He threatened not to rejoin the crew when we returned to England and I accepted the king’s pardon.  He thought it cowardly of me.”
Anne couldn’t believe her ears.  She was sure Rackham was lying, but at the same time he had nothing to gain or lose in telling the truth.  He was to die tomorrow.
“It so happened that while in England, James met a girl, and by the time we were ready to set sail again a month later, he had married her.  I thought we had lost our best crew member, but because he never told Faith he was a pirate, she thought he was making his living as a sailor.  He needed to return to sea to support her.  He could have found work in England, but I’ve never known a man to be more in love with the sea than James.  He had wanderlust more than any other man on my crew.  He was a torn man from then on.  When he was in England with Faith he longed to be at sea, and when he was at sea he longed to be home with her.  It’s dangerous to have two lovers,” Rackham added with a wicked smile, glancing at Anne. 
“You are full of horse shit!” she sneered.
“Why would I lie?  This is my confession, Anne.”
“Your confession?” she spat, “of James’ life!”
“I’m telling you because I want you to know the truth,” he shouted.
“Are you trying to tell me that James murdered his wife?”
“For all I know he could have.  I only defended him because he threatened to expose me as a pirate, and I didn’t want to lose my best sailor.”
Slowly Anne began to see the possibility of truth in Rackham’s story, and she fell silent.  All she knew of James was what he had told her himself, or wild rumors from wary crew members. Shoots of doubt crept into her mind.  Surely James hadn’t been a pirate.  Frantically, Anne tried to piece together what she knew of James from his stories and from Rackham’s confession.  She weeded out what she thought to be Rackham’s exaggerations and lies.  
“Why are you telling me all this now?  Do you hate him that much?” Anne asked icily.  Rackham drew his face away from the bars and knit his eyebrows.
“We’ve always been adversaries.  When we mutinied, James wanted to be captain.  I was elected captain and James became jealous.  He was a natural leader himself and hated taking orders, especially from me.  He could have easily inspired mutiny against me.  Plain and simple, we were very similar men.”
“You compare yourself to him and yet call him a murdering scoundrel.  Do you see what a fool you make of yourself?”
“No, Anne,” he replied.  “You’re the fool.  You married a man you scarcely knew, and you will go to the grave swearing he is the only man you ever loved.  Did you ever think that perhaps James had other motives in marrying you?  You are the only child of a wealthy plantation owner.”
Anne felt her heart drop as she considered Rackham’s suggestion.  Why hadn’t James told her he was a pirate?  It seemed trivial compared to the rumors of him killing his wife.  If he could share that secret, why not tell her he had been a pirate, unless Rackham was right and James had ulterior motives in marrying her?
“It’s quite ironic,” Rackham smirked, interrupting her thoughts.
“What?” she snapped. 
“The chances of us all meeting up at sea,” he replied.
“Who?” she asked, annoyed. “You mean Mary and me?”
“No,” he grinned wickedly.  “Do you remember the day we took Penning’s ship?”
“Of course I do!” she snapped.  “James died!”
“Do you remember who killed James?”
Anne knit her brows and thought hard, but she couldn’t remember which member of Penning’s crew had taken her husband’s life.
“No,” she admitted.
“No?” Rackham replied, somewhat shocked.  “It was none other than his long lost crew member, Mr. Thorpe.”
“Thorpe!” Anne exclaimed, suddenly able to picture her husband fighting the ape-like man. 
“They never got along either.  As my quarter master on the Revenge, Thorpe always sided with me.”
“What does all this matter?” Anne asked, getting annoyed.
“Well, I had always wondered why you hadn’t picked a fight with Mr. Thorpe.  With your temper, I thought you would have ignored the fact that he was twice your size and tried to take revenge.”
“Revenge?” 
“When Mary challenged him, at first I thought she was doing your bidding.  I had no idea she was eyeing up the navigator.”
“Mary?” Anne exclaimed.
“Yes,” he smirked.  “Don’t you find it amusing that Mary killed the man that killed your husband?”
“I suppose I should go thank her,” Anne sneered, hardly thinking it amusing.  She stood to leave.
“Anne, wait!” he begged, reaching out to her through the bars.
“What more can you have to say to me?” she replied fiercely.
“Nothing,” he said after a moment’s hesitation.  “I’m sorry.  I had no intention of making you upset when I requested to see you . . . I only wanted to know if I was to be a father.  When you didn’t give me a straight answer right away, I began to suspect the child was James’ and . . . well, you know I have a temper to rival yours.”
“Indeed,” she answered dryly.
“My deepest apologies,” he said, watching her expectantly.  Anne refused to give him the satisfaction of accepting his superficial apology, knowing that when he’d yelled at her every fiber of his being had been intent on hurting her. “Anne, I am to die tomorrow.  Can I not have a word of comfort from you?”  His face had softened with hurt and fear, but Anne could not look at him without rage boiling inside her.
“If you’d fought like a man, you’d need not be hanged like a dog,” she replied coldly.  She turned and walked back down the corridor to Mr. Wallace, who led her to her cell.
She held her head high as she was paraded past the other officers, but inside she was crumbling.  She felt silly and blind.  All her thoughts were scrambled and she was angered at how easily shoots of doubt infected her mind.  For months, she had clung to the fact that James loved her, even in death.  But how much could he have loved her if he kept half his life a secret from her.  For all she knew, the poor light Rackham painted James in could have been an accurate portrait.  An ugly feeling turned her insides.
“Do you need anything, Anne?” Mr. Wallace asked as he closed her cell door behind her.
“No, thank you,” she whispered.  She plopped down on the hard cell floor and big salty tears welled up in her eyes.  Her breath came in and out in awkward gasps as she tried to fight the oncoming sobs.  Nothing was making sense to her and she desperately wanted it to.
“Anne, what is it?” a familiar voice whispered.
“Mary!” she exclaimed happily, her feelings of despair dissolving.  “You’re awake.  Mr. Wallace,” she called.  “Quick, bring Mary something to eat!”  Anne slid across the dirty cell floor and sat as close to the bars as possible, pressing her face between them to talk to Mary.
“How are you feeling?” she asked excitedly.
“Fine,” Mary replied softly. “I’m a bit light headed, though.”
“You haven’t eaten,” Anne explained patiently.
“What happened to me?” she asked, looking around.  Anne hesitated for a moment.  She didn’t want to remind Mary of anything that would cause her pain.
“Do you remember the trials?” Anne asked gently.  Mary wrinkled her forehead in thought.  It smoothed and a stoic expression transformed her face as the memory returned to her.
“Yes,” she replied, nodding heavily.
“You remember our sentence?” Anne prodded even more gently.  Mary nodded again, but didn’t reply.  “You fainted shortly after hearing it,” Anne explained.  
“How long ago was that?” Mary asked after a minute of uncomfortable silence.
“Only this morning,” Anne answered.  “Rackham and the rest of the officers are to be executed tomorrow morning.”
“Is that where you were? Talking to Rackham?” Mary pressed.  Anne nodded curtly.
“What happened?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Anne scoffed.
“Anne?” Mary pressed gently.  “What did he say? Did you two make your peace?”
“Ha,” she snorted, “I wouldn’t say that.”
“What do you mean?”
“He claims he requested to see me to know if he was the father of the child, but mostly he . . .” Tears threatened her speech for a moment.  “James was a pirate,” she blurted.
“As are we,” Mary answered, confused.
“Rackham claims that he, James, and Mr. Thorpe shared a past,” Anne began.  “Years ago they mutinied together and became pirates.”
“How?” Mary asked, her face wrinkling in confusion.  “Mr. Thorpe was a part of Captain Dillingham’s merchant crew before he turned pirate for Penning, and James and Rackham hated each other.  How could they have possibly . . . ?”
“Years ago they all worked on a privateer called Revenge.  They mutinied and became pirates under Rackham.  Thorpe was the quarter master, and apparently James was one of their most fearsome crew members.”
“How is that different from the James you knew?” Mary asked innocently.
“Well, he . . .” Anne stopped midsentence.  “It’s not so much that he was a pirate, but that he kept it secret from me.”
“Perhaps he didn’t think it relevant.  There is not much difference between a pirate and a privateer.”
“But if he couldn’t share with me that he was a pirate, what else could he not share with me?  Rackham said that for all he knew, James could have murdered his first wife.” Anne once again found herself on the brink of tears.  “What if he married me because he knew I was a rich plantation owner’s daughter or because he knew it would be easy to take advantage of a scared naïve fool who . . .”
“Or what if he married you for all the reasons he said he did?  Because he respected and admired you, because you made him want to be a better man, because he loved you.  Anne, when James was alive, did you ever doubt his affection for you?”
“Of course not,” Anne answered hastily.
“Then why let Rackham’s slander steal James’ love from you?  If James never gave you reason to doubt his love when he lived, why doubt it now that he is gone?”
“Rackham was right, though,” Anne continued to argue.  “I married a man I scarcely knew.  It was terribly foolish.”
“Love isn’t the wisest emotion,” Mary smiled knowingly, “but that doesn’t mean every decision you make under its effect is foolish.  In fact, I’ve found that when acting out of love, real love, one tends to make the right decisions.”  The smile faded from Mary’s face as she thought of her own lost love.
Mary’s words had worked.  Tears no longer threatened Anne’s cheeks and the uncomfortable ugly doubt clutching her insides was rescinding.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
“For what?” Mary smiled.
“Well, for comforting me,” Anne smirked, “and because the last time you made an irrational decision because of love, you fulfilled my revenge.”
“What are you talking about, Anne?”
“When Penning’s ship attacked, Mr. Thorpe was the one who killed James,” Anne explained with distant, hazy eyes.
“Oh . . . then, you’re welcome . . . I suppose,” Mary responded tonelessly.  “Now that you mention it, I do remember them fighting.  I never knew you intended to take revenge on him.”
“I didn’t,” Anne smirked.  “I had never pondered over who was responsible for his death.  I was mad at you for knocking me out, but I was oblivious to his killer.  Rackham brought it to my attention tonight.  Ironic I believe he called it,” she added with disgust.
“That man certainly has a cruel streak in him,” Mary muttered.
“Yes, he does,” Anne replied bitterly, “and I’m carrying his child.”  She looked down at her body and began to weep.  “Oh Mary, what have I done?”
“Anne, everything will be all right,” Mary cooed.
“No, Mary,” Anne bawled.  “It will not be all right.  Even if we do escape the noose, we’ll both be poor with babies to care for and nowhere to go.  I’ll be the mother of a fiend’s child.  I know I shall hate the creature.”
“Anne,” Mary exclaimed, “stop this nonsense.”
“Our situation is desperate, Mary,” Anne cried.  “I cannot pretend that things will work out in the end.  Nothing good can come of this.  We will either die by the noose or live as beggars the rest of our lives and then die.  We could have escaped so many times.  I’ve been so stupid.”
“Anne,” Mary scolded, “you must stop it!  Regret does you no good because you cannot change the past.  If you are lucky enough to birth a healthy child and keep it, you will love it because it is yours.  I know that she will be good and beautiful.  Rackham could never destroy that in any child of yours.”
“She?” Anne stopped her sobbing and smirked.
“It’s only a hunch,” Mary replied bashfully.  “As for death,” she continued, “every moment you live you are one step closer to death.  Everybody has to die and if you spend the precious minutes of life you have worrying about death, it’s not much of a life.”
Footsteps echoed down the hall and soon Mr. Wallace was outside their cells with a bowl of stew in his hands.
“Anne, would you like to help Mary?” he asked gently, sensing the delicate atmosphere.
“Yes,” Anne exclaimed, jumping up off the floor.
“Don’t move so quickly,” Mr. Wallace warned, opening her cell and letting her pass into Mary’s.  “You must be more careful now that you are with child.”  Anne was about to argue that she was perfectly capable of moving at whatever rate she wished, but though better of it.
“Of course,” she replied.  “You’re right, Mr. Wallace.”
“Be gentle with her, too,” he said in a fatherly voice, handing Anne the stew through the bars of Mary’s cell.  “Make sure she is sitting up properly so she doesn’t choke.  Let me know if you need anything,” he said as he left.
Anne took Mary into her arms and propped her up against the wall.  
“Forgive me, Mary,” Anne said sheepishly as she held a spoonful to Mary’s lips.  “I will not cry because of Rackham anymore.  I was being terribly selfish, crying like a child and you comforting me while you are in much worse condition than me.”
“I’m no worse off than you,” Mary remarked.  “Of my conditions, broken heartedness is the most painful, and in that we’ve both had our share.”
“You sound like Nathaniel,” Anne smiled.  A smile pricked at the corner of Mary’s lips as well.

The next day, a little before noon, Mr. Wallace came down the corridor to Anne and Mary’s cells.  When he delivered their meals his steps were usually brisk and light, but now they were slow and deliberate.  An ominous feeling settled over Anne.
“What’s the matter, Mr. Wallace?” Anne asked, her face tense with concern.
“I have just come from the execution dock.  The officers and captain have all been hung,” he replied tonelessly.
“Thank you for the report,” Anne nodded.
“There is something more,” Mr. Wallace added, now obviously on edge.
“What’s that, Mr. Wallace?” Mary asked, when Anne didn’t respond, even though the guard was clearly addressing her.
“Captain Rackham requested I deliver a message to you, Anne.”  Anne looked up and hesitated.
“Go ahead,” she nodded.
“Rackham said, ‘tell that stubborn, fiery woman I love her.’”
Anne dropped her eyes to her lap.
“Thank you, Mr. Wallace,” she said softly.  The guard nodded and strode back down the corridor.
“Anne?” Mary pressed gently.
“I’m fine,” Anne assured with a small forced smile.

The months passed slowly in the hot Jamaican prison.  Despite the attentions of Anne, Mr. Wallace, and the overly exuberant physician, Dr. Crawford, Mary remained in a frail state.  Try as Anne may to coax spoonfuls of porridge and soup on her, Mary’s appetite remained small.  Anne on the other hand soon began to feel the effects of her pregnancy and ate whatever Mr. Wallace brought her.  As her middle broadened, the narrow cot she had been allowed became less and less comfortable and she soon resorted to once again sleeping on the straw covered ground.  One night, Anne awoke to the sound of Mary’s moans.  In an instant she knew what was happening.
“Mr. Wallace!” she shrieked, hurrying to her feet as fast as her cumbersome body would allow.  “Mary’s having her baby!”
“Anne,” Mary tried to speak as she winced.
“Why didn’t you wake me?” Anne exclaimed, pressing against the bars and trying to see Mary’s face in the dim light.
“You need your rest,” Mary explained with a forced calm in her voice.  “And the baby will not be here for a while yet.  I did not want to wake you sooner than necessary.”  Her voice broke as she gasped and tried to suppress a cry.
“Mr. Wallace!”  Anne shouted.  “Hurry, please!”  The old man came running down the corridor faster than Anne had ever seen him move before, his night shirt flying around his ankles and a lantern in his hand.
“I’ve sent for Dr. Crawford,” he exclaimed, unlocking Anne’s cell and letting her into Mary’s.  
“The first time he will actually prove himself useful,” Anne muttered, sitting and taking Mary’s hands.  
“How long until the baby comes?” Mr. Wallace asked anxiously, fumbling to light another lantern.
“I would hardly know,” Anne replied tensely.  “I know nothing of babies.”  Mary had quieted for the moment but Anne knew that another bout of contractions would be coming soon.  
“Mary,” she asked as calmly as possible, “do you need anything?  What can I do?”
“Nothing,” Mary replied.  “I think it best if we wait for the physician and then follow his instruction.”  Anne nodded dumbly and smoothed the hair away from Mary’s clammy face.  “But perhaps, Mr. Wallace, you could wait out front for Dr. Crawford so when he comes you can fetch him what he needs?” Mary suggested.
“Of course,” Mr. Wallace exclaimed, setting the lanterns on the cold cell floor and hurrying down the corridor.
“Run, Anne!” Mary whispered fiercely, as soon as the old man had disappeared.
“What?” Anne exclaimed, looking down at Mary’s serious expression.
“Now is your chance.  Mr. Wallace has left the door wide open and he had sent the only other guard to fetch Dr. Crawford.  If you leave through the back no one will see you.  Go now!” she exclaimed.
“Are you in labor?”  Anne whispered confusedly, “or was this a trick?”
“No, the baby is coming, although that would have been a clever plan,” Mary murmured and then gasped as another set of contractions began.
“Then I’m not leaving,” Anne replied firmly.
“But Anne, this is your chance,” Mary argued, struggling through her words.  “Your baby is due soon and then you shall hang.”
“You will hang as well!” Anne exclaimed.  “I cannot abandon you now and leave you to face the noose alone!  If you are to hang then I will hang beside you.”
“I’m not going to make it to the noose, Anne,” Mary whispered through blurry eyes.
“What do you mean?” Anne breathed.
“I don’t think I’m going to survive the birthing,” she whispered, cringing in pain.  For the first time, Anne saw true terror in her friend’s eyes and the truth in her words.  Mary was pail, thin, and frail.  Anne had tried to ignore the fact that over the past several months Mary’s cheek bones had become pronounced and she had developed permanent shadows around her eyes.  Now the gravity of her friend’s condition was staring her in the face.  It seemed to take all of Mary’s strength just to speak and grasp Anne’s hand.
“You mustn’t say such things,” Anne scolded.  Her own eyes welled with tears as she plastered a false smile on her face.
“Anne, I am too weak to feed myself, how can you expect me to be strong enough to survive this?” she said through clenched teeth, her whole body tensing.
“Because . . . you’re Mary.  You can endure anything,” Anne replied, surprised by the desperation in her own voice.
“Please . . . just let me say . . . what I must to you, Anne,” Mary begged.  She relaxed as the contraction passed.
“Very well,” Anne replied in a quavering voice, tears slipping down her cheeks.
“Thank you, Anne, for always standing by me,” Mary whispered hoarsely.  “You have been a true friend and confidant, and of all the people I’ve ever known and loved, I’m so grateful that you are the one by my side as I end this journey.”
Anne shook her head as tears streamed down her face.
“Oh Mary, you cannot leave me,” she sobbed as she pulled Mary into her arms.  “You’re all I have left.  What am I to do without you?”
“You will be fine,” Mary assured her.  “Someone with as much fire in them as you can certainly take care of themself.”
“Mary!” Anne exclaimed as her friend suddenly strained with the pain of another contraction.
“Anne, if you can you must take care of my baby,” she instructed through gasps.
“I will,” Anne promised as Mr. Wallace and Dr. Crawford came running down the corridor.

A few hours later, Mary gave birth to a small, bluish, shriveled corpse.  Anne gasped at the sight of the poor thing and then looked down at Mary, whose eyes had already begun to grow vacant.  Her face was the color of ash.
“The baby?” Mary whispered.  Anne swallowed hard and squeezed her friend’s hand.
“It’s a boy,” she said in a feigned happy tone.  
“A boy,” Mary smiled.
“He looks just like Nathaniel,” Anne whispered as tears rolled down her cheeks.
“I knew it would,” Mary smiled.  She gave Anne’s hand one final squeeze as the light left her face.
“Mary?” Anne whispered.  She shook Mary’s shoulder, but she had become as limp and heavy as a sack of sand.  “Mary!” Anne cried more desperately.  Tears streamed down her face as she realized the last thing she had told her friend was a lie.  She drew Mary’s head into her lap and brushed her blonde curls away from her forehead.
“Anne,” Mr. Wallace said gently as he bent down next to her.
“Leave me alone!” Anne cried as she shook off the hand he had placed on her shoulder.
“Perhaps you should come away from . . .”
“No!” Anne snapped.  She sighed and turned to the old man.  “Can’t I please have a moment?” she begged.
“Very well,” he nodded, backing out of the cell and retreating down the corridor.  Anne watched with a heavy heart as Dr. Crawford wrapped up Mary’s dead child in old linens and carried it away.
Anne stared down at her angelic friend.  She wiped away her tears as they formed so they wouldn’t fall on Mary’s placid face.  She knew she should be relieved.  Mary had escaped the noose and died happy, thinking she had given birth to a beautiful son.  But the only thing Anne could think of was how very alone she was now.  Mary had been the one last person on earth for her to love.  Now no one remained.
“Anne,” Mr. Wallace said urgently, rushing into the cell with another guard, “you must come with me immediately.”
“I’m not ready yet,” Anne sniveled, pulling Mary’s boney body closer.
“Anne, this is important. Someone is here to see you.  We don’t have much time.  You must come now,” Mr. Wallace said much more forcefully, taking her by the elbow to help her up.  The other guard did the same.
“No!” Anne roared, flailing to escape their grasp and trying to reach back towards Mary.  “She is all I have,” Anne cried.
“Please, Anne,” Mr. Wallace exclaimed.  “You must trust me.  This may be your only chance.”
“Let go!” Anne screamed as they dragged her away from her friend.  “She is all I have,” Anne cried as she was forced out of the cell and down the corridor.


Chapter 20

“Anne!” a voice full of shock and relief exclaimed.  Anne quickly stopped struggling against her two guards at the sound of the voice she hadn’t heard in months.  Standing before her was a haggard, travel worn man, barely recognizable to her.
“Father!” she exclaimed.  She took a step forward, but then hesitated.
“Oh, my Anne, thank goodness you’re safe,” he cried, running forward and taking her in his arms.  She sobbed into her father’s shoulder as a wave of relief washed over her.
“I’m so sorry,” she repeated over and over as he rocked her back and forth and kissed the top of her head.  She let herself be comforted as tears streamed down her face and soaked her father’s coat.  His familiar smell of tobacco filled her nose.  Suddenly there was no place in the world she wanted to be more than Charles Town.
“My little girl,” he whispered.  “I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you, too,” she whispered.  “But what are you doing here?  How did you find me?”  She was almost numb with astonishment.
“I’ve been looking for you for almost a year now, Anne,” he replied, loosening his hug and holding her out at arm’s length.  
“Pardon me, sir,” Mr. Wallace interrupted, “but I think it best if you hurry.  The next watch will be arriving soon.”  Anne suddenly realized she was making an escape.
“He’s right.  I can explain everything later.  Are you able to travel?” her father asked, glancing down at her now very round middle.
“I think I still have a few weeks,” she answered, her ears reddening with shame.
“Come along then,” he said, pulling her towards the door.  “I have a wagon that will take us to the harbor.”
“But Mary . . .” she protested, remaining where she stood.  Mr. Cormac sighed and looked to Mr. Wallace.  “I trust you will use this to make sure my daughter’s friend gets a proper burial,” he said gravely, placing a purse of coins in the old man’s hands.
“Of course, sir,” Mr. Wallace replied.  Anne wanted to protest again, but realized there was nothing more she could do for Mary and that they were pressed for time.  Fresh tears welled in her eyes.
“Let’s go, Anne,” her father said, taking her hand.
“Wait, one more thing,” she said.  She flitted over to Mr. Wallace and pecked him on the cheek.  “Thank you,” she sniffled.
“Good luck, Anne,” he smiled.
“You too,” she said.
Mr. Cormac clapped Mr. Wallace’s hand in his.  “Thank you for taking care of my daughter.”
“Godspeed,” Mr. Wallace called as they stepped out into the dark morning.  The sun wouldn’t rise for another few hours.  
Her father handed her up onto the bench of the shabby farm wagon.  He climbed up next to her, threw a blanket around her shoulders, and snapped the reins.  
Anne tried to open her mouth to apologize to her father again, but instead a loud sob burst forth.  She buried her face in her father’s shoulder and cried.  She fell asleep to the sound of him whispering to her that everything would be all right.

Anne’s eyes flickered open and instantly, she knew she was on a ship.  The familiar rocking of the ocean and lapping of waves against the hull was unmistakable.  She slowly sat up, looked around, and found herself in a soft bed in a cabin.  For an instant she was seized by the idea that it was Rackham’s and that the dreadful man would walk through the door.  She quickly reminded herself that Rackham was long dead and pushed the thought out of her head.  This cabin was much smaller than a captain’s cabin as well, probably an officer’s.
Anne touched her stomach as a loud rumble escaped it.  She sighed and forced herself to her feet.  To her surprise, she discovered she had lost her sea legs.  On the floor near her bed was a narrow, under-stuffed mattress.  A blanket was neatly folded on top of it.  Anne opened the door and stepped onto the sunny deck.  Several sailors stopped working to stare at her.  Across the deck she spotted her father talking to a man she assumed was the captain.  
“Anne!” he exclaimed as he caught sight of her.  “How are you?”  He hurried across the deck to her.
“I’m fine,” Anne replied hoarsely.
“Would you like something to eat?”
“Yes, please,” she replied.
“You sit in your cabin, my dear.  I’ll go see what’s available in the galley and be back in a moment,” he said comfortingly.  Ignoring his request, Anne followed him to the galley.
“I’ve spent the past seven months in a jail cell.  I’m not about to be made prisoner in a cabin simply because I’m nine months pregnant.  I’m perfectly capable of eating in the galley.”
As he opened his mouth to reply, it appeared as though he was going to scold his daughter, but he simply said, “Of course, Anne,” and let her follow him.
“How long was I asleep?” Anne asked.  For some reason she felt a little embarrassed. 
“It’s four in the afternoon.  You slept through most of the day,” he replied as they walked into the galley.
“And where are we?” she asked as he ladled cold leftover porridge from a kettle into a bowl for her.
“On The Endeavor, a merchant ship.  It is scheduled to make port in Charles Town in a few weeks,” he replied as they sat down in the empty galley.  Anne fell quiet and nodded.  She was sure her father was brimming with questions to ask her, but they sat in awkward silence as she put small spoonfuls of cold porridge into her mouth.
“Anne, I need to know . . .” her father finally broke the silence.  Anne cringed, anticipating a scolding or an accusatory remark.  She was relieved when he asked, in a string of earnest questions, “Are you healthy? Is the baby healthy? When are you due?”
“So far as I can tell I am fine and the baby is fine.  According to Dr. Crawford, I am due within the week,” Anne replied, letting out a shaky breath.  “You couldn’t have come at a better time.  A week later and I would have been off to the gallows.”
“I’m glad you are both safe,” he said, patting her arm uneasily.  They both sat in the uncomfortable silence for a while longer as Anne finished eating.
“How on earth did you find me?” she finally asked.  Her father sighed and looked at her with tired eyes.
“I do not think it best to . . .”
“Please,” Anne pressed.  “I need to know how much trouble you went through, so I know how much trouble I am in.”
Her father let out a half-hearted laugh.
“Anne,” he began, “you are obviously not a child anymore.  You are not in trouble with me like you were when you were a little girl.  I cannot box your ears or lock you in your room anymore.  I lost control over you a long time ago, Anne.”  He stopped and studied his daughter.  A wave of guilt passed through her as she saw his mournful eyes.  “Perhaps if I had started treating you as an adult sooner, you wouldn’t have felt the need to run away.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Anne whispered.  She hadn’t expected this conversation to come up so quickly but supposed it was best to get it out of the way.  “I never meant to hurt you.”
She glanced up at her father whose brow was furrowed as he listened patiently.  Once again, she knew he wouldn’t press her for answers, but she felt she owed him them.  
“I . . . I suppose I was frightened by the direction I saw my life taking.  I felt trapped.  I didn’t know what else to do, so I did something drastic and foolish.”  Tears rolled down her cheeks and she dropped her face so she wouldn’t have to look her father in the eye.
“Well,” her father said gently as he laid his laced fingers on the table in front of him, “if I hadn’t been such a hotheaded, stubborn old fool, perhaps you could have been more open with me.  I know a year ago I wouldn’t have listened to a word you said, had you come to me and told me you didn’t want to marry.”
“It wasn’t only that . . .” Anne stopped and then started again, “I . . . I don’t know what it was I wanted, adventure I suppose . . . regardless, I went looking for it in the wrong way.  I’m terribly sorry for all the distress it has caused you.”
He shook his head.  “You needn’t apologize.  If anything, I should be the one asking for forgiveness.  I’m the reason you felt trapped in the first place and for that I am sorry.”
“So all is forgiven?” Anne asked, looking at her father through bleary eyes.
“All’s forgiven,” he nodded and studied her with gentle eyes. “I’m sorry about your friend.  Mary was her name?” 
“Yes, Mary,” Anne replied, choking on tears.  She knew her father was trying to be compassionate, but right now the thought of her friend was unbearable so she redirected the conversation.  “Thank you . . . for helping me escape,” she said.  She found it was easy to express gratitude when she had already humbled herself to ask for forgiveness.  The corners of her father’s mouth turned up slightly.
“From what I’ve heard of you and your recent pirating ways, it sounds like you could have easily saved yourself.”  Anne smirked at the peculiar compliment.  “Regardless, I’m happy beyond measure that you are alive and well,” he said, taking one of her hands in his.  Anne wiped her eyes on the dirty sleeve of her dress.
“Would you like me to see if I can have a bath drawn for you?” her father asked.
“No,” she replied, sniffing, “not yet.  First I would like to hear how you found me.”  Despite all of her emotions and her desire to be clean, curiosity managed to take priority.
“Very well,” he sighed.  “Let me see.  Where shall I begin?  I suppose I can start with the morning after you left.  When Betsy came down before breakfast and told me that you weren’t in your bed that morning, I didn’t think much of it.  I thought perhaps you had risen early and gone for a walk in the garden.  You had behaved strangely the day before, no doubt in rapture planning your adventure, but at the time I thought little of it.  In fact, I remember I spent most of that morning in my office looking at my ledgers, more anxious about the harvest and whether or not I would yield enough profit to be able to purchase more chattel for the next summer.
At lunch, I asked the servants if anyone had seen you yet that day.  When no one had, I began to worry.  I sent several of them out into town to inquire after you.  I began to entertain the possibility that you had been kidnapped.  By supper I had organized all our servants and the neighbors’ servants into search parties.  The next day I put up a reward for your safe return, but no one came forward.  As the week wore on, I began to expect the worst.  I put advertisements in all the local papers.
The possibility of you willfully running away didn’t occur to me until the end of that first week.  I overheard one of the servants telling another about a young man who had sailed for Captain Rackham.  He had been in The Lucky Dame Pub and gotten himself a woman for the night.”
Anne’s ears began to redden as she recognized her scheme.
“Apparently the lad woke up the next morning and all of his possessions, right down to his socks and boots, had been stolen.  Usually I wouldn’t have taken notice of the servants’ story swapping, but it caught my interest when they said the woman he had hired was your old friend, Ginny.  It suddenly struck me that perhaps you left on your own accord and Ginny provided you with the disguise to sneak out of town unnoticed.  The poor girl, I’m afraid I bullied her terribly, but eventually she told me of your plan.  
I immediately went down to the harbor and informed every captain and crew member there of the reward for your safe return.  Rackham’s ship had already been out of the harbor for a week, and I knew the chances of catching up with him were slim, but I hadn’t another option.  I looked into buying my own ship and hiring a crew, but no captain or crew was willing to take on such a menial task of going after a runaway girl, despite what I offered them.  
Every day for three months I went down to the harbor to ask if word of you had come in with a ship, but nothing transpired.  I was in agony those three months, not knowing where you were or what had become of you, but I soon found out that knowing was much worse than not knowing.  
One day a merchant ship came into the harbor carrying a man they had found adrift at sea.  He had been a member of a crew captured by a pirate ship.  Imagine my dismay when I learned that the pirate ship was captained by a man named Rackham.  Now I knew you were in the most grave of danger, and I still didn’t know how to bring you home.  It is a terrible frustration, knowing your only daughter is in danger and you are powerless to save her.”
Anne cringed.  Hearing the story from her father’s perspective was harder than she had anticipated.  She hadn’t thought she caused him so much torment when she left.  She didn’t know who the man was that informed her father Rackham turned pirate, but she knew she had helped capture his ship.  She felt guilty thinking that he may be the one responsible for her rescue.
“I could no longer sit still,” her father continued.  “I got on a merchant ship sailing for England.”
“Why did you sail to England?” she asked.  
“When Rackham dined with us last summer, he said he was heading back to England.  It was the only clue I had to follow.”
“You went out looking for me on the speculation that I would be somewhere in England?” Anne exclaimed.  “That’s like looking for a needle in a haystack!”
“What else was I to do?” he replied.  “Like I said, I couldn’t stay in Charles Town and wait for my daughter to come home.  I had to do something.  When I got to England I went from town to town along the coast, stopping in the taverns and inns asking after Rackham and his crew.”
“But I never made it to England,” Anne interrupted.
“I suspected as much,” he replied.  “No one seemed to know of Rackham and his pirate crew.  One evening I spoke with a man in a tavern who suggested that if I was looking for pirates, the Bahamas would be a more appropriate place to search.”
“He was right,” Anne replied.
“Yes, it turns out he was a ‘gentleman of fortune’ himself,” he smirked.  “Captain Thomas Benton is his name.  I joined his crew and headed to the Bahamas.”
“What?” Anne exclaimed, sure she had misheard him.  “You joined a pirate crew?”
He nodded.
“As an able bodied sailor?” Anne asked, astonished.  “But you were raised a gentleman.  You never had to do hard labor.”
“That didn’t stop you!” her father laughed.
“I suppose not,” she smiled.  Taking his hand in hers, she turned it palm up.  Sure enough, his hand was callused from heel to fingertips, proof of the demanding sailor’s work he had done.
“My father’s a pirate!” she beamed.
“Not legitimately,” he argued.  “Benton and I came to an agreement.  I’d get no share in the treasure, and in exchange I was allowed to leave at any port or jump ship if I found another vessel heading in a more promising direction.  He certainly was a greedy bastard.”
“But did you sign the articles?  Did you ever fight in a battle?” Anne babbled, burning with curiosity.  
“Yes, I signed his articles and I helped capture a few ships,” he replied bashfully, but his eyes sparkled and Anne could tell that he wasn’t as ashamed as he let on.  
“You’re a pirate,” she muttered in disbelief, smiling to herself.
“I was a pirate,” he corrected, “and only because I knew that if I was one it would be easier to find one.”
“Once a pirate always a pirate,” Anne smiled knowing that, like hers, the past year of his life was probably the most adventurous he’d ever experience.
“Regardless,” he continued, “when I finally did reach the Bahamas I hopped from island to island, asking about Rackham and his crew.  People seemed to know that he had been captured and found to have two women aboard.  I could have cried for joy, but no one could tell me what had become of the two women.  I soon learned that Rackham and the rest of the crew had hung.  I began to fear that you had been hung with them.”  
“About a week ago, I came to Jamaica.  Everyone was still talking about the two fierce women pirates, Anne Bonny and Mary Read, who had gotten stays of execution and had been imprisoned in Spanish Town because they were pregnant.  I hoped that your last name had changed and that I wasn’t chasing after the wrong woman.”  
He stopped and studied Anne for a moment.  “Is Bonny an alias, Anne, or has your last name changed for another reason?”
Anne sucked in a shaky breath before responding.  “I married a man named James Bonny.  He’s dead now, though.”
“Hung with the crew?” he asked gently.
“No, he died in a capture,” she murmured, squinting against tears.
“And is he the . . . father?” he asked hesitantly, glancing at her stomach.  Anne shook her head as she flushed with shame.
“It’s Rackham’s,” she whispered.  Her father’s countenance grew stormy.
“Rackham,” he fumed.  “That blackguard is lucky he’s already hung.  If I could get my hands on him, he would be begging for death by the time I’d finished with him,” he growled, bringing his fist down on the table.
“Don’t waste your breath on him,” she muttered, “I went to his bed willingly.  Looking back I know how foolish I was, but I have stopped thinking of him.  You should as well.  He’s simply not worth it.”
Her father’s harsh expression softened into a small smile.
“Where is this coming from?” he asked in surprise.  “The Anne I used to know never would have gotten over an offense so quickly.  You would have cursed him until the day you died.”
“Hating him would be a waste of my time . . . life is too valuable to waste on things like hatred,” she replied pensively.
“You have changed, Anne,” he said.
“How could I not be changed?” she smirked half-heartedly into her empty dish on the table.  She had changed.  The rocking of a ship was now one of the most comforting sensations in the world to her.  She suddenly remembered something she was dying to know.
“Mother!” Anne exclaimed, turning back towards her father.  “How is she?  Is she looking after the plantation herself?”
Her father breathed a heavy sigh before speaking.  “No, Anne . . . I sold the plantation.”
“Sold it?” she asked, wrinkling her brow in confusion.  He hesitated with his lips parted as he searched carefully for words.  
“I didn’t know how long I would be gone looking for you, or if I would go back to Charles Town at all . . .”
“Why wouldn’t you return?” Anne asked, panic seeping into her voice.  “Isn’t Mother still there?”
“Anne,” her father whispered painfully, “your mother has been dead these ten months past.”
“Dead?” Anne replied hollowly.  Something small and fragile seemed to crack inside of her.
“After you left, she got sicker.  She stayed in bed most days and refused to take any food.  She died two months after you left.”  Anne sat silently for a few moments letting her father’s words sink in, not wanting to believe them.
“It was my fault, wasn’t it?” she whispered, tears beginning to accumulate on her lashes.
“Of course not . . .” her father began.  He got up from the table and sat on the bench next to her so he could wrap his arm around her shoulders.
“I broke her heart,” she moaned.  “If I hadn’t left she wouldn’t have worried herself.  I know when you try to lie to me.  When you say she stayed in bed and refused to take food, you mean she locked herself in her room and cried day in and day out.  It’s all my fault!” she wailed.
“Anne, you mustn’t think such things,” he said, rubbing her back.  “If I had to take care of your mother, I may not have come looking for you.  You’re safe now because of her.  I came looking for you because there was nothing left for me in Charles Town.  I had a beautiful house, a successful plantation, and all the money I could want, but it meant nothing to me because I had no family to share it with.”
“But if I had never left home in the first place . . .”
“If you had never left home in the first place, you and I both would have been miserable and unhappy the rest of our lives, you because you never would have seen the treasures the world has to offer and I because I was blind to the true treasures right under my nose.”
Anne sobbed into her father’s shoulder, too strained to make another argument.  She couldn’t help but blame herself for her mother’s death, but at the same time she couldn’t wish that she had never left home.  When she was able to control her tears, she asked, “Why are we returning to Charles Town if there is nothing to go home to?”
“Well,” he began slowly, “we certainly don’t have to.  There are lots of other ports before and after Charles Town The Endeavor is scheduled to make.”  He hesitated for a moment and then continued.  “I also understand if you wanted to . . . set out on your own.  You’re a grown woman now and don’t need your old father taking care of you.”
“Never!” Anne exclaimed.  The thought of her father feeling he was unwanted caused fresh tears to spring to her eyes.  “Being a grown woman does not make me any less your daughter.  As to Charles Town, a moment ago I called it ‘home.’  There are enough changes on the way,” she sighed holding her middle.  “It would be nice to have some familiar surroundings.”
“Very well.  Charles Town it is,” he smiled, deepening the wrinkles around his eyes.  For the first time in her life, Anne saw her father as an old man.  The skin on his neck sagged, and his hair was thick with gray.  She wasn’t sure if it was the year at sea that aged him or if she was seeing him differently now.  She let out a sigh.
“How much has my little adventure cost us?” she asked reluctantly.
Her father smirked.  He considered trying to fib and make their situation seem less dire, but he knew she would see straight through it.  He told her the truth unabashedly.
“I sold the plantation at a huge loss . . . to the gentleman next door, Joseph Burleigh.”
“He’s awfully young.  How could he afford . . .”
“As I said,” her father stopped her, “it was sold for a huge loss.”
Anne simply pursed her lips and nodded in reply.
“And I’m afraid I wasn’t very economical when it came to my expenses this past year.  When I first started looking for you, I was requesting the finer cabins when I booked passages and rented more opulent rooms than I should have.  On occasion I was paying for information on your whereabouts as well.  Eventually, I realized that I needed to budget my money more carefully, hence becoming a sailor on Benton’s crew.”
“What have you left?” Anne asked nervously.
He gazed steadily at her from under his brow and then looked down at his callused hands folded on the table as he answered.
“After I pay for our passage to Charles Town, we will have a little less than one hundred pounds.”
Anne’s eyes widened.  One hundred pounds wasn’t destitute, but they certainly wouldn’t return to the lifestyle they had known.  Before, the Cormac family easily could have spent one hundred pounds on food and entertainment to host a ball for one evening.  Living on one hundred pounds now would mean no servants and no finery.  One hundred pounds could get them one room, maybe two, at an inn for low class travelers for perhaps a few months.
Anne noticed her father studying her expression.  A wicked smile twisted her lips.
“Damn that traitor Rackham to hell.  I could have one-thousand pounds of hard earned treasure to my name if he wasn’t such a coward,” she exclaimed, pounding her fist on the table in feigned anger.
Her father threw his head back and let out a hearty laugh.  She couldn’t ever remember seeing her father laugh like that, and she couldn’t help but join him.
“We’ll make do,” she assured him with a smile.
That afternoon, Anne convinced a few sailors to haul up several buckets of sea water so she could take a bath.  She would have done the task herself, but she found she could no longer reach over the gunwale without her stomach getting in the way.
It was the first time Anne had bathed in over six months.  She was repulsed by her lack of hygiene the last several months as she watched the water turn darker the longer she sat in the tub.  Her hair now reached past her shoulders, and she washed it three times before she felt it was clean.
She stepped out of the murky bathwater and dried herself off.  As she pulled a clean nightgown on over her head she caught a glimpse of white out of the corner of her eye.  She turned to face a mirror and saw her reflection for the first time since she entered prison.
Her face was no longer tan and savage looking, but pale and slender.  She hadn’t seen much sunlight in her dim prison cell and despite Mr. Wallace’s efforts to provide her with filling meals, her face and fingers had slimmed down.  Also untouched by sunlight, her hair had returned to its dark hue.  She took a few steps forward and studied her eyes.  Even though they were framed by dark circles, they had a brightness to them.
She stepped back and turned sideways.  At first she gasped at the sight of her giant middle, and then laughed at her reaction.  She patted her stomach, and to her surprise, she felt a stitch in her side as the child inside her kicked back.  It wasn’t the first time she felt a kick, but this one was much stronger than the others.  
A little voice in the back of Anne’s head warned her that her baby would be due any day now, and they were at least a two weeks sail from Charles Town.  The most she could hope for was that she would go into labor when they were at a port so a doctor or a midwife could be fetched from shore.  She consulted the ship’s surgeon on his experience with childbirth.  The most he could claim was that he had been present when his wife gave birth to his first born.  Anne was not comforted by this knowledge.
To take her mind off of the impending events and to pass the time, Anne spoke with the members of the crew, or more often, they came and spoke to her.  The crew soon learned that her stories were much more alluring than anything they could tell.  They were all flabbergasted by her adventures and delighted by her rather blunt personality.  With their friendship and admiration came their concern.  When they learned it was likely the child would be born on board, they became excessively attentive and saw that her needs were met to the best of their abilities.  Anne was relieved when a young member of the crew came forward and informed Anne that his mother was a midwife and that he may know a thing or two more about childbirth than the surgeon.
Then one night, a week after leaving Jamaica as she had predicted, Anne woke to the sensation of an uncomfortable tightening in her abdomen.  She sat bolt upright in her bed and instinctively knew the feeling.  She threw back the covers to find wet sheets.  It was time.
It didn’t take long before the whole crew knew that Anne had gone into labor.  To her dismay, the captain reported that unfortunately they were more than a day’s sail from the nearest port.  He suggested she wait two days.  Annoyed, Anne explained that at the moment she had little control over her body.
Of those on board, Anne seemed to be the calmest.  Her father paced back and forth in their cabin and ran to her side whenever she started a contraction.  The young man whose mother was a midwife and the surgeon stood apprehensively in the corner, whispering to each other.  Both men were obviously made uncomfortable by the fact that in a short amount of time one of them would be sitting between her parted legs to catch a baby.  She told them they could wait elsewhere, and she would send for them when they were needed.  Every time Anne glanced out her cabin door there was a face of a curious crew member peering in through the window.
The next twelve hours of her life were the longest Anne had ever experienced.  Despite her father insisting she remain in bed, Anne got up to walk around the deck for a few hours.  Time dragged in the small cabin.  The midwife’s son said that his mother often had women in labor walk to help the process along.  He said it couldn’t hurt.  The breezy deck helped to cool her sweaty body.  Standing at the gunwale for support and watching the waves calmed her anxiousness.
By the time the contractions were only a minute apart, the pain of them was so intense that Anne wanted to be in her cabin and away from the worrisome stares of the crew.  This time her father, the surgeon, and the midwife’s son came with her.
More than anything in the world Anne wished Mary, her mother, or Tula, her father’s old slave who had delivered dozens of babies, could be there to help her, but all she could do was follow the instructions of the novice midwives and grip her father’s callused hand.  At one point, the surgeon timidly suggested Anne recite psalms or poems to give her mind something other than the pain to focus on while she was having a contraction.  She opened her mouth intending to insult his intelligence with a few choice words, but at that moment she was overcome by another rush of unimaginable pain.  Instead of insults the words of “The Seafarer” were on her lips.
A few hours later, a healthy, beautiful, dark-haired baby girl came into the world with the words,
“but she always has a longing,
she who strives on the waves.”
Tears streamed down Anne’s face as the male midwives cleaned off the screaming pink wrinkled infant.
“Here is your daughter,” the surgeon smiled with relief and pride as he placed the baby in Anne’s outstretched arms.  The tiny girl squirmed and fussed, but Anne barely noticed.  She was too captivated by her daughter’s perfect button nose, delicate fingers, and little pink tongue.  She placed her finger on the baby girl’s tiny palm and gasped as the little fingers closed around hers.  Mary was right; she was foolish to think that anything would prevent her from loving her own child.
“She’s beautiful,” Anne breathed, unable to take her eyes off her daughter’s face.
“Like her mother,” her father replied, beaming.  “What are you going to name her?” he asked.
A wide smile stretched across Anne’s face.  “Mary,” she answered.  “Mary Peg,” she added and looked up at her father questioningly.
“I think that’s a lovely name,” he assured her, smiling.
The midwives stood back admiring their work.  Anne turned to them but was hardly able to find words to express her gratitude.
“Gentlemen, thank you,” she gushed.  “I don’t know how I could ever begin to repay you for your help.  I doubt my daughter and I would be in such good condition if it weren’t for you.”
They both assured her they had no interest in any sort of compensation.  Her father tried offering them a modest amount, but they refused.
“Being able to return home and see the look on my mother’s face when I tell her that I helped to successfully deliver a baby will be reward enough,” the young sailor laughed.
“We can only take so much credit,” the surgeon added as both men made their way to the door.  “I believe it is mostly providence you have to thank.”
The three weeks following the birth of Mary Peg were regarded by the crew of The Endeavor as a phenomenon.  They had unusually good fortune and made excellent time.  The sails were always puffed full with a steady breeze, while the ocean remained remarkably smooth.  In every port they stopped to trade they yielded a significant profit.  The men who chose to go ashore and gamble a bit all came back with their pockets fuller than when they left.  They began to suspect Mary Peg of being a sort of talisman, claiming that the ship’s good fortune began the day she was born.  Anne began getting odd requests from the crew to hold or kiss her daughter whenever they felt the need for luck.  Anne obliged, but scoffed at the sailors’ superstition.  She had never believed sailor lore, until the night of the hurricane.
One evening, a day or two before they were to reach Charles Town, a shout came down from the crow’s nest.  Anne had been strolling around the deck with Mary Peg dozing in her arms.  She looked up to the top of the main mast to see the sailor pointing towards the west.  The crew swarmed to the starboard side to look at whatever it was he had spotted.  Anne joined them.  In the fading evening sunlight, she could make out a solid gray sheet moving across the surface of the sea.
“A storm?” Anne asked, turning to the nearest sailor.
“Not just any storm,” he replied, gently placing his coarse hand on top of Mary Peg’s head, “a hurricane.”
“Hurricane?” Anne replied, wide eyed.  
“I suggest you get below decks,” the sailor said.
Soon orders were being barked and men were jumping into action, preparing the ship for the destruction it was about to encounter.  Every sail was taken in and every loose item tied down.  Anne remained at the railing, watching the approaching terror.  Her father stood beside her and together they watched the powerful storm, but when the ship began to dip and rise in the growing waves they took shelter below decks.
“In here it will be safest,” a sailor said, ushering them into the crew’s sleeping quarters.  “We’ve taken out anything heavy that might get tossed about.  Go find yourselves something sturdy to hold onto,” he instructed, planting a quick kiss on Mary Peg’s head.  Anne found a piece of old sail and her father helped her to fashion a sling she used to cradle Mary Peg tightly to her chest. Then they both stood ready by the foremast, awaiting what was sure to be chaos and destruction.
As the rocking of the ship intensified and the roaring of waves and wind grew louder, they were joined by members of the crew who filed below deck as wet and forlorn as newly hatched ducklings.  Several came over to pay homage to Mary Peg.  
“How does it look up there?” Anne asked anxiously.
“Not good,” a sailor replied, placing his hand on Mary Peg.  “The captain is having all hands below deck.  I don’t think they’ll be a sail, spar, or helm on it after this storm.”
As if on cue, the rest of the crew crowded into the sleeping cabin and the ship pitched steeply.  Anne grasped the mast tightly and felt her father’s arm wrap protectively around her.  The hatch to the sleeping cabin was closed and latched just as a wave crashed onto the deck, making the whole ship echo with its thunder.  Anne peeked into the sling to see Mary Peg sleeping peacefully.  She cuddled her daughter close and kissed her forehead.  
The wind screamed, the waves pounded mercilessly on the deck above, and the ship groaned in protest as it was thrown about.  Anne and her father held onto the mast as if clinging to life itself so as to not get thrown about like the untethered items around them.  A handful of men had turned green and were unable to keep their suppers in their stomachs.  Curiously, Mary Peg slept, oblivious to it all.
After what felt like an eternity to Anne, the rocking of the sea and the howling of the wind began to subside.  Slowly, the crew began to stir and breathe easy, relieved they had at least survived, even if they found their ship in disrepair.  Captain and crew ventured out onto the deck.  Anne and her father followed.  As quickly as it came, the storm passed.  Above them lay a cloudless starry sky and aside from the choppy water, the night was calm and peaceful.
“Unfurl the sails,” the captain ordered.  “Thompson, check to see that all hands are accounted for.  Rodgers, an inventory of the damages.”  The men sprang to work.
Anne untied the sail sling and found Mary Peg blinking awake.  She stretched in her mother’s arms and turned her head about in reaction to all the commotion.  The captain approached them from across the deck.
“How did you fair the storm?” he asked.
“Very well.  She slept through the whole thing,” Anne said in disbelief.
“I tell you, that child is daughter of the sea,” the captain mused.  Sea water splattered to the deck as the sails were let down.
“All men accounted for, Captain,” a sailor reported.
“Excellent,” the captain replied.  “And the ship?”
“Wet, but in perfect condition,” another answered.
“Are you quite certain?” the captain asked.
“Aye, Captain.  The sails, rigging, spars, the rudder, the bilge . . . all fine,” the man repeated, obviously astonished himself.
“Miraculous,” he breathed.  “A storm of that magnitude . . . and not a mark on the ship.”  He turned and looked at the tiny baby in Anne’s arms.
“Outstanding work, gentlemen,” he shouted.  “Although, I’m not sure we can take credit for it.”  He smirked at Anne and her child and shook his head, still in disbelief.
The rest of the night passed calmly, and at dawn they found themselves very near to Charles Town.  


Chapter 21

It was a bright and sunny morning.  As The Endeavor approached the harbor, it became evident that the town had seen the destruction of the hurricane.  A variety of debris lay strewn across the shoreline.  Broken windows and dilapidated porches of the buildings closest to the sea now littered the streets. Pieces of boats and docks bobbed in the water and the ship had to navigate around wreckage to find a dock in suitable condition for use.  A forlorn and flabbergasted harbormaster ran down to meet them.
“How did you survive the storm?” he shouted up as the crew looked down over the railing at the shambled town.  “Your boat looks like it’s in perfect condition!”
“Help us unload and we’ll tell you, not that you will believe us,” the captain shouted down.  “Luck’s a lady and we had her onboard.”
Anne and her father gathered up their few possessions and stood on deck as they waited for the gangplank to be secured.  The captain and several members of the crew gathered around them.  The captain spoke up.
“I know that Charles Town is your intended port, but is there anything I could . . . we could do to convince you to stay?” he asked, gesturing to the eagerly nodding crew.  Anne sighed.  As much as she loved the sea, she knew a ship was no place to raise a child.
“I’m afraid I cannot,” she replied, smiling graciously.  “But thank you for the offer and your concern and attention these past few weeks.”  They made their good byes and Anne, her father, and Mary Peg went ashore.
Walking through the streets they receive a few sidelong glances from people who recognized the once wealthy plantation owner and his famed fiery tempered beauty of a daughter who had disappeared a year ago.  No one greeted them with more than a polite nod, though.  Because of the hurricane’s destruction, Anne and her father had a little more trouble finding an inn than they had anticipated.  All of the establishments near the shore were unable to take cutomers.  A ways into town they found an inn run by a rather cranky couple by the name of Stark.  The pox faced woman showed them to the second floor where there were two rooms across the hall from each other, one for Anne and Mary Peg and one for Mr. Cormac.  Judging by the thick layer of dust covering every surface, it was evident the rooms hadn’t been used in some time, although the landlady did bring them fresh sheets when her husband carried up an old cradle for Mary Peg.
“It held all my babes,” she explained in a squawking voice.  “They’ve all outgrown it.  I’ve been telling my husband to chop it up for fire wood, but he never minds me . . . the lazy oaf.”  Anne was shocked that the woman would talk about her husband like that with him in the room, but Mr. Stark didn’t even seem to notice.  Anne glanced and smirked at her father who was leaning in the doorway across the hall.  He shrugged and rolled his eyes.  
“Well, I’m glad you do still have it,” Anne replied graciously.
Mrs. Stark replied with a snorting noise.  “Now, I don’t want to hear that baby fussing all hours of the night,” she said, pointing to the child in Anne’s arms.  “Usually I don’t let rooms to women with babes, but it wasn’t fussing when you first came in so I didn’t even notice it.  I thought it was just another bundle you were carrying.  If it disrupts other customers and costs me business, you’ll be out on the street.  Do you understand?”
“I’ll do my best,” Anne answered meekly.
“Is it your first?” the landlady asked.
“Yes,” Anne replied.  Mrs. Stark scoffed and muttered something about new mothers as she left the room.  Her husband followed silently.
“Don’t mind her,” her father said reassuringly when the couple was out of ear’s shot.
“How dare she refer to Mary Peg as ‘it.’  And if she thinks Mary Peg would scare away customers when she has the personality of a vulture . . .” Anne sneered.  Her father smirked.
“I’ll take Mary Peg for a while if you would like to lie down for a nap,” he offered.
“That would be wonderful,” she sighed gratefully passing her daughter over to her father.  Mary Peg fussed for only a moment before resting her head against her grandfather’s shoulder and drifting off to sleep.
“That’s grandfather’s angel,” Mr. Cormac whispered as he settled into the dusty chair with the baby.  Anne laid down and quickly fell asleep.  For too short of a time had her eyes been closed when she awoke to the sound of a knock at the door.  She rolled over to see her father trying to get up out of the chair without waking Mary Peg. 
“Sit,” Anne said as she sprang up to answer the knock.  Standing timidly in the doorway was a skinny girl in an ill fitted dress.  Anne guessed she was about ten years old.
“Can I help you?” Anne asked in a groggy voice.
“Mrs. Bonny?” the girl asked softly.  Anne realized that the girl was probably one of the Stark children.
“Yes,” Anne replied.
“There is a gentleman here looking for an Anne Cormac.  Mother wants me to ask if that is you,” she explained.
“That would be me,” Anne answered.  The girl nodded, dropped into a quick curtsey, and then flitted away.  Anne cleared her throat and quickly ran her fingers through her tousle of dark hair, trying to rid her body of signs of sleep.  She threw her father a questioning look as she left the room.
From the top of the stairs, Anne could look down over the banister into the front hall where a finely dressed couple stood waiting.  Their backs were to her and she did not recognize them.
“If you would like to sit, you may wait in the dining room,” Mrs. Stark offered, trying to be hospitable to whom she hoped would be lucrative customers.
“No, thank you,” the gentleman replied, his voice tinged with disgust at the idea of sitting on plain wooden benches in a dimly lit room with a smoky fire.  Anne recognized the voice, but she couldn’t place him.  The girl turned and caught sight of Anne.  Anne realized the face was familiar, slit eyes, a mouth that looked like it had just tasted lemons, and yellow hair tucked under a ridiculously extravagant bonnet.  She had attended parties with this girl, but she was certain she didn’t know her name.
“Dearest,” the girl said, touching the man’s arm.  He turned around and Anne’s eyes popped in surprise.  For a moment Anne couldn’t think of his name, but when she saw faint pink scars running diagonally down his left cheek, she remembered.
“Whitney?” she exclaimed confusedly.
“My God, Anne, is that really you?” Mr. Whitney gawked unabashedly, sweeping over her from head to toe with wide eyes.  Anne glanced down at her simple attire and calloused hands and then back at his disgusted stare.  She smirked to herself, remembering the last time she saw him she had left marks.
“What are you doing here?” Anne asked, ignoring his question.  
“Why . . . you’ve arrived only this morning and already the town is buzzing with your name,” he replied in disbelief.
“Why would that be?” Anne asked somewhat facetiously. 
“The crew of The Endeavor has been sharing your stories.  There isn’t a soul in town who hasn’t heard some variation of your adventure abroad,” he exclaimed.  “Considering you supposedly escaped the noose after being tried a pirate, I’m surprised there isn’t a line out the door here of people wanting to talk to you!”
“Well, people in this town avoided me out of fear before I ran away,” Anne replied simply.  “I suppose now that I have a pirate reputation nothing will change much.” 
“So then it’s true?” he exclaimed.  “You and your father are penniless?”
“Only you would have the gall to ask me that,” Anne sighed realizing that if Mr. Whitney, a man unlikely to frequent a sailor’s pub where this sort of news spread, was already aware of these things, it was certain the rest of Charles Town knew.  Celebrity status was not something she had anticipated or desired.  
“The last name Bonny . . .” Mr. Whitney had begun to demand another answer from her when she decided to interrupt him.
“You’re being terribly rude, Mr. Whitney,” she chastised.
“I beg your pardon?”
“You have yet to introduce me to the lovely lady beside you,” she replied, straining to keep the sarcasm out of her voice.  The lemon-mouthed girl’s eyebrows arched delicately as she looked from Anne to Mr. Whitney and back again.  She truly was a girl.  Anne guessed she was no more than sixteen years old.
“Yes, of course,” he exclaimed, as if suddenly remembering her presence.  “Sorry, my dear,” he murmured to the girl.  “Anne, this is my wife, Caroline Whitney.”
Caroline gave Anne a tight smile.  She wondered if it meant that Caroline knew Anne and Mr. Whitney had been engaged at one point.  A polite forced smile wasn’t something Anne had witnessed in a very long time.  It was a necessity to be perfected if one was to survive in Charles Town’s socialite society.  For an instant Anne could envision the life of Caroline Whitney.  A life that revolved around a self-centered husband, where she was expected to obey and cater to his whims, where one day was practically identical to the next, was an idea Anne had always abhorred.  Only now did she realize how close she had come to living it.  She almost felt sorry for Caroline, but upon observing her more closely detected a docility that suggested she was quite pleased with her life.  Anne could tell that Caroline lived for the parties, the gossip, the few attentions her husband rewarded her with at the end of the day.  Her tight polite smile said it all.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Whitney,” Anne replied with a disarmingly genuine smile.  She was genuinely happy that she was meeting Mrs. Whitney because that meant a year ago she had decided not to change her last name to Whitney.
“Caroline, this is Anne . . . Bonny is it now?  Does that make you someone’s wife?” he asked, obviously anxious to glean as much information from her as possible.
“It is, and I am,” Anne answered as vaguely as possible on purpose.  Mr. Whitney laughed uncomfortably and pressed her further.  
“Are we to expect your husband soon in Charles Town?”
“I’m afraid not,” Anne replied.  Her patience shortening as a lump rose in her throat.
“He doesn’t wish to see his child?”
“The child is not his.”  Anne narrowed her eyes.
“But the baby girl . . .”
“Is my daughter,” Anne finished curtly.
“My word, Anne!” Mr. Whitney gasped.  “What did your father say?”
“Very little,” Anne replied coolly.  Mr. Whitney looked positively dumbfounded.  She decided it was time for the Whitney’s to leave and let her get back to her nap.
“Enough about me,” Anne said, quickly changing her tone.  “When were you married?” she asked sweetly.
“In October,” Mrs. Whitney piped up cheerfully, when her husband, still recovering from disbelief, did not respond.
“October,” Anne exclaimed, matching Mrs. Whitney’s delighted tone, “so shortly after I broke off our engagement, Mr. Whitney.”  
Her ex-fiancé’s expression changed from that of astonishment to that of mortification.  He flushed a deep shade of crimson and Caroline Whitney’s lemon lips fell open.  Anne smirked to herself.  Mr. Whitney had not told his wife about his whirlwind romance with the now infamous pirate woman.  Anne decided not to stay to see the tempest that would follow her innocent comment.
“It was lovely catching up with you, Mr. Whitney,” she smirked, “and a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Whitney.”  She gave a small curtsey and sauntered down the hallway back to her room.
“Who was that?” her father whispered, as she gently closed the door behind her.
“No one of consequence,” Anne smiled as she resumed her nap.

About a week had passed since Anne was visited by the Whitney’s.  To her dismay, her pirate reputation did not discourage nosey neighbors.  In fact, it wasn’t long until Mr. Whitney’s prediction about a line out the door wasn’t too far-fetched.  Every time she heard the tinkling of the bell signaling someone entered the inn, she cringed waiting for a member of the Stark family to knock on her door and inform her she had a visitor.  She would reluctantly set down whatever task it was she was at, usually washing diapers or sewing a garment for Mary Peg, and go downstairs. 
Her curious visitors were surprisingly varied.  Sometimes they were socialites from her previous life who appraised her with disapproving looks.  Others were newspaper men who hoped to interview her.  Anne disliked them the most, prodding with ridiculous questions and no regard for her privacy.  She gave them very few answers, most of which were lies, and even chased one reporter out with a butcher knife when he referred to Mary Peg as a “bastard pirate child.”  The one kind of visitor she didn’t mind was sailors.  They didn’t regard her as a spectacle but simply wanted to hear her adventures from her own mouth.  She gladly sat at the bar with them to swap stories, but she could never sit for too long before having to attend to the needs of her infant daughter.
Despite the fact that Anne’s presence increased business to her inn, Mrs. Stark was rather inhospitable to Anne and her father.  One evening, no amount of rocking or cooing seemed to settle Mary Peg.  Anne was trying everything she could think of to pacify her when there was a sharp rap at the door.  No sooner had she lifted the latch, than Mrs. Stark stormed into the room.
“I simply cannot have this racket, Anne,” she hollered, flying about the room collecting Anne’s things.
“What are you doing?” Anne exclaimed, swaying with the tiny girl in a futile attempt to quiet her.
“You’re leaving tonight!” Mrs. Stark snapped.
“Tonight?” Anne gasped.  “Surely you wouldn’t put us out in the middle of the night.”
“That babe of yours is disturbing my other customers,” Mrs. Stark hissed, pointing an accusing finger at the bundle in Anne’s arms.  The door across the hall from Anne’s swung open.
“What in god’s name are you doing, Mrs. Stark?” Mr. Cormac asked as he barged into the room.  Her father had changed drastically with their change in lifestyle, but Anne knew he could never completely rid himself of his temper.  For a second, she almost pitied Mrs. Stark.
“If I can hear that child crying down in my room on the first floor, the customers lodging in the same hallway as you certainly can.  I won’t stand for it!” she barked.
“Well I won’t stand for you putting my daughter and granddaughter out on the street in the middle of the night!” he bellowed.
“This is my inn!” she retorted, surprisingly undaunted by Mr. Cormac.  “I will do as I see fit!”
“We’ve paid our rent for the month!” Mr. Cormac replied.  “She has a legal right to stay.  If you turn her out, I’ll take you to court and see that you are sued for every possible penny I can squeeze from you!”
“Rent or no rent, as the landlady I reserve the right to say who can lodge under my roof.  I’m running a business, not a charity,” she fought back.  With every word Mr. Cormac and Mrs. Stark’s argument grew louder.  Mary Peg wailed on as Anne helplessly watched the row.  
“You could barely call this sorry excuse for an inn a business before Anne came and attracted customers, landlady!” Mr. Cormac spat sarcastically.
“Please, Mrs. Stark,” Anne jumped in before the woman could respond, “let us stay one more night.  I’ll take Mary Peg and leave for the evening.  I’ll go someplace else with her until she falls asleep and bring her back when she is quiet.  Tomorrow, my father and I will gladly make arrangements to lodge elsewhere.”
“The rent money, Anne,” he reminded her as she made her way towards the door.
“Perhaps you and Mrs. Stark could come to some sort of agreement on a refund,” she suggested, leaving the feud behind her.  She could hear the landlady snort in doubt, but she was too tired to care at the moment and she knew her father would be able to haggle at least something out of the frugal woman.
As Anne stepped outside into the warm night air, Mary Peg continued to cry at a hearty volume.  Anne coddled the child against her shoulder and began to walk.  Unknowingly, she directed her footsteps towards the Charles Town harbor.  It wasn’t until she could see the lanterns burning on the pier that the idea occurred to her.  An unattended skiff was moored close to the shore.  The usual racket of nearby taverns filled the night, but the harbor was all but deserted.  With a quick glance over her shoulder, Anne lithely lowered herself into the boat.  No sooner had she gotten situated then Mary Peg felt the rocking of the gentle waves and quieted herself.  Anne shook her head.
“Why did I not think of this before?” she muttered to Mary Peg who was already allowing her eyelids to droop as she drifted off to sleep.  “Daughter of the sea, you wanted to go home.”
It was hard for Anne to fight her own urge to sleep as the skiff slowly bobbed them up and down.  In order to stay awake, Anne troubled her mind with the thought that tomorrow she and her father would have to find someplace new to live.  She knew it wouldn’t be too difficult to find lodging at another inn or boarding house because her fame grew every day.  Surely someone would want her and her family at their establishment to draw business.  On the other hand, she didn’t want to be taken in by a landlord who intended to make her stand on a pedestal in the middle of the dining room telling stories.  She sighed as she tried to think of other options.
Her eyes wandered from the surface of the water up to the row of taverns near the water’s edge.  All except for one were lit with the warm glow of candle light and emitted sounds of joviality.  The unoccupied tavern was like a black hole on the bright noisy street.  Anne glanced down at Mary Peg who was in a deep peaceful sleep.  She smirked at the angelic face, tucked the blanket more firmly around her, and carefully climbed out of the skiff.  Not wanting to be noticed by the rowdy sailors in the pubs, she crept quickly towards the dark building.
Although it was dark inside, by pressing her face against the glass of the large front windows Anne could tell there was a heavy layer of dust covering the long wide bar and the sturdy benches and tables.  She took a few steps back and looked up at the face of the building.  Between two windows on the second story there were holes in the brick, but it was clear that a sign had been unbolted from the old tavern.  Boldly, she tugged on the brass handle, but as she anticipated, the front door was locked tight.  Stepping to the other side of the street, she surveyed the abandoned tavern.  A smile twisted Anne’s lips as she anticipated the new journey she was about to embark on.


Epilogue

Of all the eye-catching signs hanging from the building fronts that lined the Charles Town harbor, the sign for Anne and Mary’s was easily the most distinct.  Under the facial profiles of two women were two crossed cutlasses.  Under the crossed cutlasses was a plaque with a low sloping scripted A&M.  Carved of heavy wood, the whole sign was painted jet black with the exception of the lettering which was a vivid blood red.  It was excellently maintained with regular paintings so as not to lose its distinctive quality.  The front door of the establishment was painted the same shade of red as the A&M.  A small sign next to the door read “Cormac Law Office located upstairs.”
As Anne leaned over the bar top examining her ledgers to determine how much ale, meat, and flour to order for the next few weeks, a sensation crept over her.  She became very still realizing she wasn’t the only one in the room.  The faint sound of bare feet on floorboards was followed by a soft and gentle scraping noise.  Anne closed her eyes and shook her head.
“Mary Peg, you put that knife back where you found it,” she said blandly, not turning around.
“Aww, Ma!” Mary Peg exclaimed, slamming her stolen weapon back into the knife block.
“Be careful with that!” Anne scolded whirling around.  “I just sharpened those.”  She couldn’t help but smile a little when she saw the look of pouty dismay on her eight-year-old’s face.
“Ma, The Seahawk leaves in a quarter of an hour!  Please, let me go,” Mary Peg pleaded.
“Absolutely not,” Anne half laughed in disbelief.  “How many times do we have to go over this?  Under no circumstances are you allowed to stow away on a ship, not on any occasion or for any reason.” Mary Peg began to stomp off, but Anne caught her by the arm.  With her long brown hair hidden under a head scarf and her white chemise tucked like a shirt into a pair of trousers likely stolen from a neighbor’s clothesline, Anne’s daughter looked just like a little boy.  Mary Peg had a bundle of supplies in one hand and had even taken care to smudge a bit of dirt on her face.  Anne had to admit that the girl was getting awfully good at disguising herself as a cabin boy.
“Let go!” Mary Peg snapped, trying to jerk out of Anne’s grasp.
“Are you going to run if I let go?” Anne asked, staring into her daughter’s green eyes.  Mary Peg gave her mother a look of pure hatred.
“No,” the little girl hissed.
“I don’t believe you,” Anne replied, raising her brows and narrowing her eyes.  She swept Mary Peg up off the floor and set her on the bar so they could be face to face.  Mary Peg’s eyes were still smoldering, but she didn’t resist her mother.  She took the bundle out of her daughter’s hands and set it on the counter next to her.
“Mary Peg, why won’t I let you join a crew?” Anne asked.
“Because it’s dangerous,” Mary Peg replied in the singsong voice of a child who’s had to respond to the same question many times.  
“Then why, if you know the answer, do you try to stow away every few weeks?”  Anne asked.
“Because you did!” Mary Peg retorted.  “Nothing bad happened to you.”
“That’s not true,” Anne replied gravely.
“Well, I mean you didn’t die,” Mary Peg explained, rolling her eyes.
“Mary Peg, I was very lucky,” Anne assured her.  “I was condemned to hang and narrowly escaped death almost every time I was in combat.  I am the only member of the crew of The Treasure who survived.”
“But it doesn’t sound so dangerous when you tell those stories to the sailors,” Mary Peg replied curtly.  Anne sighed as she realized that the effects of raising her daughter in a sailor’s tavern were beginning to show.  Mary Peg could already curse a blue streak but knew better than to do so and didn’t know the half of what she was saying when she did.  This was different, though.  The first few times she had attempted to run away it was cute.  Her pathetic unplanned effort at mimicking her mother was almost charming.  Growing up hearing tales of all sorts of adventures, she wanted to have one of her own.  But recently her attempts of stowing away were increasingly well planned and nearly successful.  
“Mary Peg, you know those stories are meant to be entertainment.  I exaggerate my own bravery.  In almost every one I was half scared out of my wits,” Anne confessed.
“I know that, but it’s not fair that I have to stay here while the sailors get to go out to sea.  It’s boring here,” she whined as angry hot tears began to roll down her cheeks.  Anne knew her daughter had the family temper and was acting irrationally, but it hurt her to think that her daughter was so unhappy.  Anne heard the back kitchen door open and when she turned to see who it was Mary Peg tucked her legs up, rolled onto her back, and flipped backward off the bar.
“Mary Peg!” Anne called after her as the girl dashed across the room and pounded up the stairs to the second and then third floor to her room.  Anne ran to the stairs and shouted up for her daughter again, but there was no reply.  Mary Peg was like Anne in that she didn’t like people to see her cry.  Mr. Cormac came out of his office on the second story and stuck his head over the banister, first looking up and then down at Anne.
“Was that Mary Peg?” he asked.
“Yes,” Anne sighed.  “She tried to run away again.”
“How far did she get this time?” he asked.
“I caught her stealing a carving knife from the block.  A few more steps and she would have been out the back door,” Anne replied.
“She’s getting good,” he smirked, “but not as good as you.  You were successful on your first attempt.”
“Do not encourage her, Father,” Anne moaned, putting her hand to her forehead in frustration.
“Sorry,” he chuckled.  “Would you like me to go up and have a talk with her?”
“No, let her be,” Anne sighed.  “I’ll talk to her once she has cooled down a bit, but do me a favor and look out your office window to make sure she isn’t trying to climb out her window.”  He disappeared for a moment and then returned.
“I don’t see her,” he answered.  “Also, I’m expecting Mr. Burleigh.  Would you send him up when he gets here?”
“Of course.  What does he need legal advice on?” Anne asked, curious.
“Didn’t say, but I’ll bet it’s financial,” Mr. Cormac replied.
“He just can’t seem to handle that old Cormac plantation,” Anne snickered.  Although Joseph Burleigh had been the legal owner of the property for almost nine years, everyone in town continued to refer to it as ‘the old Cormac plantation.’  Since it had moved to Burleigh’s hands it teetered on the verge of ruin constantly.
Tula and Betsy came into the tavern from the kitchen.  Both women’s arms were loaded with fire wood as they crossed the room, Tula in short labored steps and Betsy in long graceful strides.  Now a woman in her early twenties, Betsy was easily a head taller than her mother.  She had a slender body and a wide white smile.  
“Mr. Cormac, do you need any fire wood in your office?” Betsy called up the steps.
“I am running low, if you would be so kind as to bring some up,” he answered.
“I suppose I could be so kind,” Betsy teased.  She had inherited her mother’s sense of humor.  Betsy sprang up the steps while Tula brought her armful of wood to the large hearth at the end of the barroom.  
“What’s troubling Mary Peg?” Tula asked, unloading her wood.
“She tried to run away again and I caught her,” Anne replied in tired voice.  She grabbed a broom and began sweeping the barroom floor.  Tula chuckled to herself.
“What are you laughing at?” Anne asked.
“Anne honey, you only got what was coming to you,” she continued to laugh.  “I’ve never seen a child take after her mother like Mary Peg has to you.”
“Well at least she took after me and not her father,” Anne sighed.
“Does Mary Peg know who her father is?” Tula asked.  Anne wrinkled her forehead at the question.
“She’s heard stories about Captain Rackham, but I haven’t told her that he is her father.  She’s never asked about it and Mr. Cormac has been enough of a father to her.  Why do you ask?” said Anne.
“Well,” Tula began slowly, “it seems to me that rebellious children are the ones that run away.  Before children are rebellious they are restless.  Children get restless when they are looking for answers.”  Anne gave Tula a quizzical look.
“You think Mary Peg keeps trying to run away because she is looking for her father?” Anne asked.
“No,” Tula replied patiently, “I don’t think Mary Peg knows why she is restless.  All she knows is that she has the itch to go find an adventure.”
“I don’t understand, Tula.”
“Well, why did you run away?” Tula asked as she stood up and brushed the woodchips from her dress.  Anne also stopped sweeping.  “You claim it wasn’t because you were enamored with the fancy pants pirate captain, so what was it?”
“I didn’t want to marry Mr. Whitney,” Anne answered.
“And?” Tula prompted.
“And . . .” Anne paused for a moment to think, “and I didn’t want anything to do with that sort of society, I suppose.  I was raised a socialite but it wasn’t who I was.  I didn’t know who I was.”  She trailed off in thought.  “Do you suppose Mary Peg is just trying to figure out who she is?” she asked Tula after a moment of silence.
“Might be,” Tula shrugged.  “All I know is that little girl lives in a very exciting place.  There are all types walking in and out of that front door.  She hears all sorts of stories and adventures.  She can’t help but compare her life to others.”  Anne rested her chin on the top of the broom handle and thought for a few moments.  Then she went back to sweeping.
“When did you get so wise?” she joked as the woman made her way back to the kitchen, but Tula didn’t get a chance to reply.  The bell of the front door tinkled followed by the sound of chains dragging across the threshold.  Tula’s mouth dropped open a little, but she quickly snapped it shut, stepped to the corner of the room and lowered her head.
A broad shouldered bearded man with shaggy brown hair and cold blue eyes stomped into the bar.  Despite owning his own plantation and claiming the status of gentleman, in heavy boots and a dirty overcoat Joseph Burleigh certainly didn’t look the part.  Shuffling in behind him was an equally broad young man with shackles clapped around his dark ankles and wrists.  His eyes shined with anxiousness as he surveyed the room.
“What’s all this, Burleigh?” Anne asked, slightly angered by the way he tromped into her establishment and the effect it had on Tula.
“It’s none of your concern, Anne.  I’m here to speak to Mr. Cormac,” he replied dismissively.  Anne clenched her jaw and narrowed her eyes, but before she could say anything Betsy came down the stairs behind him.  She gasped and covered her mouth but then dropped her head like her mother had done.  
“Betsy, do you know who this man is?” Anne asked.
“Yes, Anne,” Betsy answered.
“You let them speak to you with such informality,” Burleigh sneered.  Anne ignored him and continued to question Betsy.
“Who is he?”
“Master Burleigh . . . Mrs. Bonny,” Betsy added apprehensively.
“You have no master, Betsy,” Anne responded evenly, but she threw Burleigh a murderous look.  “And I didn’t mean Burleigh, I mean the man he has brought with him.”
“His name is Tobias,” Betsy replied, her head still bowed.  Anne had noticed Betsy slipping out some nights.  Anne had never asked her about it but now believed she had discovered the cause.
“Enough of this,” Burleigh exclaimed.  “I have an appointment to see Mr. Cormac.”
Anne took a deep breath in and let it out slowly to help calm her temper.
“Betsy, would you please fetch my father?” she asked gently.  She would have gone herself, but she didn’t trust Burleigh as far as she could throw him.  She didn’t want to take her eye off him.
“Yes, Anne,” Betsy said and flew back up the stairs.
Anne glanced over at Tula who was peering up at her nervously from under her brow.
“Could I get either of you gentlemen something to drink?” Anne asked.
“I don’t drink while I do business,” Burleigh replied tersely.  Anne smirked a little, knowing that alcohol was at least part of the reason he couldn’t manage his estate properly. 
“Tobias?” she asked.  The man looked up nervously.
“No thank you, ma’am,” he said softly.  Anne was relieved to hear her father and Betsy coming back down the stairs.
“Mr. Burleigh, what can I help you with?” her father asked in what Anne could tell was a forced friendly tone.
“I thought since you have already stolen two of my slaves, you would be interested in purchasing a third,” Burleigh retorted.
“The women you are referring to were not stolen from you, but contractually set free when you signed the paper work to purchase what was formally the Cormac estate,” Mr. Cormac explained calmly.  
Much to Anne’s delight, a few weeks after they had purchased the abandoned tavern on the harbor, her father came home one afternoon bringing Tula and Betsy with him.  Anne was surprised to find herself crying with joy to see them again.  Unbeknownst to anyone but himself, when Mr. Cormac had written the contract releasing the property to Burleigh, he had included a clause that granted Tula and Betsy their freedom.  Burleigh was so excited to be purchasing the large plantation at a fraction of its value that he hadn’t taken the time to read the contract thoroughly.  He was furious when Mr. Cormac came and inquired about the women, but he could not deny that he had plainly granted the women freedom in writing.  Mr. Cormac, in turn, was furious when the women were brought before him in nothing but rags and learned that instead of working in the house had been sent to the fields to labor at picking and had endured much harshness at the hands of Burleigh and his foreman.  
Upon being emancipated, Tula and Betsy had few possessions and nowhere to go.  They were more than happy to accept the offer of employment at Anne & Mary’s and could scarcely believe what their former master had done for them.  Even Anne was unsure about what had caused her father to change his views of slavery or to have the foresight to set the women free.  He never mentioned it.  She thought it impertinent to ask, so she never did.
“As to purchasing, I am no longer in the slave trade,” Mr. Cormac added.
“You don’t need a hard labor man for your business?” Burleigh pressed.
“Maintaining my small law firm requires very little hard labor,” Mr. Cormac smiled.
“I meant the tavern,” Burleigh explained, gesturing to the large barroom.
“Ah well that would be my daughter’s business,” Mr. Cormac smiled even wider and threw Anne an amused glance.  “You would have to take the matter up with her.”
Burleigh scoffed.  Anne seethed with anger at his lack of respect for her but crossed her arms and tried to conduct herself in a business-like manner.
“Mrs. Bonny,” he began snidely, “would you be interested in purchasing this man?”
Anne studied Burleigh and then Tobias.
“First I would be interested to know why you are looking to sell him,” Anne answered.
“Because he will fetch a goodly price,” Burleigh replied bluntly.
“And you are once again in need of funds?” Anne added.
“My affairs are no concern of yours,” he snapped.
“I am curious as to why you have brought him here,” Anne continued, ignoring his remark.  “A strong young man like Tobias must be worth at least 250 pounds at auction.  Surely you know that I cannot afford the price you must be asking for him, and I am certainly not in the business of buying or selling slaves.  What makes you think you would be able to do business here?”
Burleigh seemed to let the words roll around in his mouth for a moment before picking the ones he wanted to use.
“It’s not auction season,” he said hesitantly, “and none of the other buyer’s in town are interested.”
“Why is that?” Anne asked.  “Last I heard the plantations in the area were doing very well.  I would imagine buyers would be jumping to outbid one another to have Tobias working their land.”
“He’s lazy,” Burleigh replied, but Anne could tell he was obviously lying.
“If that is the case, then you aren’t making a very convincing sale,” Anne replied, raising her brows.  “Also, a lazy man does not grow to be Tobias’ size.  What are you not telling me, Burleigh?” 
Burleigh ran his hand over his beard a few times contemplatively.  
“What would be your highest bid?” he asked.
“Fifteen pounds,” Anne answered quickly.
“Fifteen pounds!” Burleigh exclaimed.
“But I have no interest in purchasing at all until you are straight with me,” Anne added firmly.  “Let’s have it out.”
“Fifteen pounds won’t buy the fleas on his head,” Burleigh growled and shoved Tobias towards the door, leaving.
“Twenty-five pounds and you will tell me why you are so desperate to get rid of the man,” Anne offered calmly.  Burleigh stopped in the doorway.
“Seventy-five,” he haggled.
“Why are you selling?” Anne pressed.  Burleigh’s face got very hard, but finally he sighed.
“Damn it all,” he grumbled.  “I haven’t any proof, but I’m fairly certain the bastard is helping slaves to escape.”
“What makes you think that?” Anne asked, wrinkling her brow.
“Because four alone have disappeared from my place without a trace within the last few months and several from the surrounding properties.  I know he sneaks out at night, but no one will tell me where he goes,” Burleigh huffed.
Anne wouldn’t allow herself to look over at Betsy, but out of the corner of her eye she thought she could see the young woman duck her head a little more.
“There is a stigma about him amongst the other plantation owners,” Burleigh said, jerking his thumb towards Tobias.  “No one wants to buy him if it means their slaves start disappearing.  I’ve tried to convince them they could beat the rebelliousness out of him, but they know how rough I am with him.  None of them are convinced.”
Anne clenched her jaw so tight she thought she would crack her teeth, but she managed to keep her composure.
“So what makes you think I would buy a man that causes so much trouble?” Anne asked.
“Because I’ll lower my price to seventy pounds,” he replied.
“Thirty.”
“Highway robbery!” Burleigh exclaimed.  “Sixty.”
“Considering the trouble you claim he has caused, you should be paying me to take him off your hands!” Anne answered viciously.  “Forty pounds.”
“Fifty-five,” Burleigh replied, cringing at the loss he was about to endure.
“I won’t go a penny over forty-five,” Anne spat.
“God’s blood, woman!  At least give me fifty for the bastard!” Burleigh sputtered.
“Done!” she exclaimed, a smirk twisting her lips.
“Very well, let’s put it in writing,” he huffed.  Anne walked to the bar and ripped a blank sheet out of her ledger.
“Father, I believe you are better suited to make the receipt,” Anne said, turning towards him.  Mr. Cormac nodded curtly and stepped up to the bar. He took the pen in his hand and began writing the date. “Could we make it an emancipatory document as well?” she asked.
Tobias flinched in surprise.
“Now wait a minute!” Burleigh snapped.  “Is this some sort of funny business?  Last time I signed paper work you’d written up, Cormac, it lost me two slaves!”
“There is no trickery here, Mr. Burleigh,” Mr. Cormac replied.  “It simply means that instead of saying Anne purchased a slave for fifty pounds, it will say she bought Tobias’ freedom for fifty pounds.”
“I never agreed to that! I don’t approve!” Burleigh growled.
“Fortunately, it’s not up to you,” Mr. Cormac smiled as he finished scrolling careful, neat words on the page.
“I can choose not to sign it!” he spat.
“So you no longer wish to sell Tobias?” he asked.  As he did, Anne dropped a cloth bag with the fifty pounds on the bar top.  Burleigh glanced from the bag to Anne to Mr. Cormac and back to the bag.
“Bah!” he exclaimed, grabbing the pen from Mr. Cormac.  He scribbled his name at the bottom of the document and picked up the bag of coins.  “That’s for the shackles,” he said, pulling a small key from his pocket and slamming it down on the counter.  He stormed out of the bar and marched down the street, not giving a second glance back.
“Betsy, get those off of him!” Anne said, handing her the key.  Betsy flew to his side and removed the shackles in seconds.  She threw her arms around him and buried her face in his chest.  Tobias grimaced but held her close.
“Betsy, he’s bleeding!” Tula scolded.  “Be gentle!”  Betsy released her hold, and quickly brushed away the tears streaming down her face.  Tula hurried into the kitchen and began gathering the things she would need to dress the wounds of his beating.
“Tobias, are you able to sign your name?” Mr. Cormac asked.
“No, sir,” Tobias replied bashfully.
“Then I will have you make your mark here,” Mr. Cormac said gently, handing him the pen and indicating a spot at the bottom of the page.  Tobias quickly obeyed.
“Anne, I will have you sign, too,” her father said, giving her the pen.  She quickly scribbled her name on the page.
“Let’s get you to the kitchen so Tula can attend to you,” Anne said as she set down the pen.
When Tobias’ injuries had been dressed and he was sitting with a large bowl of stew in front of him, Anne sat down across the table from him.
“Now Tobias, I know you’ve been through a lot today already, but we need to get a few things straightened out.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied, nodding curtly.
“First of all, what is the nature of the relationship between you and Betsy?” Anne asked bluntly.  Betsy was upstairs putting sheets on a bed in a guest room for him. 
“An honest one,” he answered, equally blunt.  “Master Burleigh purchased me shortly after he acquired your father’s plantation.  I was still a child when I met Betsy and when your father came to free her and Tula.  I barely recognized her when she showed up about a year ago to let us know that she had found a contact, a farmer north of here near Goose Creek, who was helping slaves to escape.  She and I began working together to help those brave enough to attempt an escape get to Goose Creek.”
“I see,” Anne replied, the news a surprise to her.  “You didn’t wish to escape yourself?”
“My day was coming,” Tobias explained, “But Betsy and I had a system and it worked well with me on the plantation.”  Anne nodded, processing and trying to understand.
“So it is an honest one, but is your relationship with Betsy in any way romantic?”
“No ma’am,” Tobias answered, although Anne thought she detected a flicker of uncertainty behind his eyes.
“Well, then I guess my next question is what do you plan to do now that you have your freedom?”
“I haven’t thought much about it,” Tobias replied.  “When I woke up this morning, I didn’t realize by noon I would be a free man.”
“I dare say not,” Anne smiled.
“I am so grateful, ma’am,” Tobias began, “I don’t suppose I could stay a few days until I’ve made a plan?  I would earn my keep.  I’ll chop wood or haul water, whatever you like.”
“I confess that when I struck the bargain with Burleigh, I half anticipated that I would be hiring another set of hands for my establishment.  I am happy to offer you employment, but I do not want you to feel obligated to me in any way.  If you desire to travel north or seek employment elsewhere, you would go with my blessing.  But for the present, you may stay here.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” he smiled with relief.
“You may call me Anne . . . or Mrs. Bonny if you feel you must be formal with me, but no more ‘ma’am,’” she smiled.
“Yes . . . Mrs. Bonny,” he nodded.
“I’m going to see if I can’t find some more suitable clothing for you,” Anne said getting up from the table.  “Please feel free to draw water from out back for a bath.  There is a tub in the pantry and a bucket at the pump.  You can take it right here in the kitchen.  I’ll see to it that no one interrupts you.”
Anne opened the door to the barroom to find Betsy leaning on the frame listening, her face drawn and anxious.  She jumped at the sight of Anne.  Anne ignored her reaction and closed the door behind her saying, “Tobias is going to bathe.  Let’s give him some privacy.”  She then began making her way up the stairs.  Betsy ran after her.
“Are you terribly angry with me, Anne?” she asked ashamedly.
“Angry?  Why would I be angry?” Anne replied entering the room they were preparing for Tobias.
“Because I’ve been helping fugitives,” Betsy said, standing in the doorway.
“Of course I’m not angry,” Anne replied, folding fresh linens to hang on the washstand.  “However, I am hurt that you felt you had to keep it a secret from me.”
“I did it to protect you,” Betsy protested.  “If only Tula and I knew and somehow someone traced my activities back to the tavern, you would deny any accusations having to do with escaped slaves, thinking it true.”  Listening to her, Anne could understand Betsy’s logic perfectly, but she was still a bit offended.
“Did you ever hide a fugitive here?” Anne asked.
“Of course not!” Betsy exclaimed.  “I would never put Mary Peg or Mr. Cormac or you in danger like that.”
“Would the tavern be a useful place to hide fugitives?” Anne asked, beginning to take an interest in Betsy’s endeavor.
“Possibly,” Betsy answered slowly.  “Although my role is to get them out of Charles Town, not hold them here.”
“Yes, that would make sense,” Anne nodded.  “Well . . . if I could be useful to you in any way, please let me know.”
Betsy’s mouth fell open for a moment, but she quickly closed it and nodded earnestly.  “Of course, Anne.”  She stepped aside to let Anne through the doorway.
“Oh, and one more thing Betsy,” Anne stopped halfway down the hallway.  “What is the nature of the relationship between you and Tobias?”
Betsy hesitated before answering.  “Brotherly,” she finally answered.  “I have had to put a lot of trust in him, but our work is very dangerous and . . .”
“And,” Anne prompted, both concerned and curious.
“And I’m afraid if I were to let myself love him I would be tempting fate, not to mention creating a distraction.  Besides, I doubt he would return the sentiments,” she sighed.
“Don’t be so sure,” Anne smirked, “and don’t worry about fate too much.”
Betsy blushed and went back to work.  Anne began her search for clothing for Tobias.  Knocking, she entered her father’s office.
“How is Tobias?” Mr. Cormac asked.
“Fine,” Anne answered.  “He is going to stay a few days until he makes a plan.”
“Did you offer him a job?” he asked.
“He knows it is an option,” Anne sighed.  “Do you have a spare change of clothes he might fit into?”  Mr. Cormac scratched his head.
“He’s a big fellow, but I can look.”
“Thank you,” Anne sighed.  “I would run to the tailor’s and buy some, but I cannot afford the expense at the moment seeing as I have fifty pounds less than I had anticipated I would earlier today . . . not to mention another mouth to feed and another wage to pay if he decides to stay and work.”
“Can you afford it?” he asked, wrinkling his brow in concern.
“I’ll manage,” she shrugged.
“You always do,” he winked.
“If you find some clothing, could you bring it down for him?”
“Of course.”
“I have to go talk to Mary Peg.”  Anne put her hands over her face and rubbed her eyes.
“Anne, are you all right?” her father asked gently.
“I’m fine,” she muttered.  “I’m just tired and the day is barely half over.”
“Come here, dear,” he said, wrapping an arm around her shoulders.
“I’m fine,” she said again, taking in a deep breath.
“I know you are,” he smiled.  “You are also brave and selfless.  The way you conducted yourself with Burleigh today . . . a father couldn’t be more proud of his child.”  He kissed her on the forehead and released his hold on her.
“Thank you,” she replied, a reluctant smile creeping across her face, “but it’s not difficult to outsmart an idiot.”
“I suppose not,” he chuckled, “but you didn’t lose your temper which can be easy to do when bartering with idiots.”
Anne laughed.  Mr. Cormac got up and went to his wardrobe where he began sorting through his clothing.
“You go talk to that pirate child of yours,” he said.  “I’ll find something for Tobias.”
“Thank you,” she smiled.
Anne climbed the narrow stairs to Mary Peg’s room on the third floor and knocked gently.
“Mary Peg, could I come in?” she called.  After a stubborn silence, Anne pushed the door open.  Mary Peg sat in front of the window in her wooden rocking chair, staring out at the harbor.
“Can I come in?” Anne asked again.  As she anticipated, Mary Peg still didn’t respond, and she ducked as she came into the room.  Mary Peg slept in the attic, purposefully the furthest possible room from the bar.  The ceiling sloped all the way to the floor in places.  Today, Mary Peg had constructed a sail, tying one of her bed sheets from her headboard up to the rafters.  Her other sheet was strung between two beams as a hammock.  
“See, you don’t need to stow away on a ship,” Anne said playfully.  “You have a fine vessel right here.”  Mary Peg snorted smugly.  Anne walked over to the window and also looked out at the harbor.
“Mary Peg, do you know what wanderlust is?” she asked.
“No,” Mary Peg muttered.  “And I don’t care.”  Anne sighed, sat down on the bed, and changed the subject.
“I have some news.”
“I already know you emancipated Tobias,” she answered blandly.
“How did you know that?” Anne asked.
“I was listening in the stairwell when Burleigh was here,” she replied.  “Will Tobias be working for you now?”
“He’s staying for a few days.  He may decide to stay and work, but I don’t think he knows yet,” Anne answered.
“Would you like me to go down and meet him?” Mary Peg asked.  Her mood seemed to be slowly improving.
“Not at the moment,” Anne said.  “He’s taking a bath right now, but you can meet him at supper.  Speaking of baths . . .” She pulled a handkerchief from her pocket and began wiping the dirt smears from her daughter’s face.  Mary Peg scrunched up her face.
“I can do it, Ma!” she exclaimed, grabbing the handkerchief from her mother.
“Please do,” Anne scolded.  “I won’t have you looking like a wild animal when you meet Tobias.”  Mary Peg half-heartedly and ineffectively wiped her face.  Anne sighed but decided to ignore the remaining smudges.  
“Mary Peg, do you love me?” 
The little girl looked baffled by the question.
“Yes,” she replied adamantly.
“Then why do you want to leave me?” Anne asked, her eyes full of hurt.  The remainder of Mary Peg’s coldness melted away.
“It’s not that I want to leave you . . .” she reasoned.
“Running away means leaving me, and Grandfather, and Tula and Betsy,” Anne explained.  Mary Peg didn’t respond but hung her head shamefully.  “Have I ever told you about why I ran away?”  Mary Peg’s head snapped up, eyes glowing with curiosity.
“No,” she breathed.
“It was because I didn’t want to get married,” Anne explained.  Mary Peg pulled her legs up onto her chair and wrapped her arms around them, like she did whenever her mother told her a story.  Anne sucked in a deep breath.  “It was also because I met your father . . .” 


*  *  *


Historical Note

Very few details are known about the lives of Anne Bonny and Mary Read.  Much of what is “known” of them comes from a book published in 1724 titled A General History of the Pyrates by an author who wrote under the penname Captain Charles Johnson.  While the book does use some primary source material, “Captain Johnson” tends to embellish the lives of the pirates in his book leaving historians to ponder which events are factual and which were exaggerations.  With few facts and mostly legends to work with, Dead Women Tell No Tales is also an embellishment on the lives of Anne Bonny, Mary Read, and Captain Rackham.  However, while A General History of the Pyrates claims to be a collection of biographies and therefore nonfiction, Dead Women Tell No Tales proudly stands under the category of fiction.
Truth is stranger than fiction.  The unlikelihood of Anne Bonny and Mary Read encountering each other on the Atlantic Ocean and the scandal of their entanglement in piracy is the reason they are legends today and probably accounts for Rackham’s notoriety as well.  As captivating as their lives were, I realized, shortly after putting a pen to paper to begin work on Dead Women Tell No Tales, that in order to create a compelling novel I would have to somewhat alter the events of their lives.  For example, the exact birthdates of Anne and Mary are unknown, but records indicate that Mary was about ten years older than Anne.  In the novel, Mary is Anne’s senior by only two years.  I chose to do this so the characters could relate to each other and my intended readers more easily.  Anne and Mary are often portrayed as cut-throat and heartless, but I wanted to show them as human and somewhat vulnerable and innocent.  I thought this best portrayed if both the characters were barely adults.  While Dead Women Tell No Tales is not the only novel about Anne and Mary published, it is the only novel (based on my findings) that prioritizes plot and character development over historical accuracy.  
So who’s real and who’s fictitious?  Most of the major characters: Anne, Mary, Rackham, James Bonny, and William Cormac can all be found in the record books.  Evidence exists that ties their names to places and events in history.  A few minor characters and references, such as Captain Jonathan Barnet, Captain Charles Vane, and Joseph Burleigh, are also based on real people.  While all these names can be found in historical documents, those documents do little to reveal their personalities, motivations, or physical characteristics.  The way they are portrayed in Dead Women Tell No Tales is just that, my portrayal of them.
Several of the characters, especially from the life of Mary, existed but are no longer remembered by name.  This includes her parents, grandmother, brother, and first husband.  (Curiously enough the name of her inn, The Three Horseshoes, is remembered and noted in most resources on her.)  It can be assumed these people existed because the story of Mary’s impersonation as her brother has survived, even if the names of those involved have not.  
The characters of Nathaniel Locke and Mr. Thorpe were fashioned in the same way.  According to legend, a man Mary loved was challenged to a duel by a fearsome fellow pirate.  Not wanting her love to be slain and more confident in her combat skills than her love’s, she challenged the fearsome sailor to a duel shortly before he was to fight her love.  Supposedly in the midst of the duel, Mary ripped open her shirt revealing to the sailor she was a woman.  Taking advantage of his momentary shock, Mary stabbed and killed him.  Unless this tale is a complete fabrication, these two men must have existed in some capacity.  All that is known of Mary’s “love” is that he was taken prisoner by pirates and employed as a member of the crew because he was a sea artist.  “Sea artist” refers to some who is employed aboard a ship because he has specialized skills, such as carpentry, surgery, or navigation.  I made Nathaniel a navigator because it would have made him particularly coveted by captains and crews.  Little is known about the man who challenged Nathaniel, aside that he was menacing.  As an author, I simply needed him to be uncomplicated and evil, hence Mr. Thorpe.  
The rest of the characters: Tula, Betsy, Dr. Hamilton, Ginny, Mr. Edwards, Captain Bartholomew Penning, etc were constructed from imagination and historical context.  They add depth and flavor to the novel.  The story would be incomplete without them.
While I put plot and character development before historical accuracy, I didn’t disregard it completely.  I used as much from history as I could adequately fit into the storyline.  For example, Anne and Mary were the only two women convicted of piracy during the early 18th century, The Golden Age of Piracy.  They both escaped the noose by “pleading their bellies.”  Documentation indicates that Mary died in prison in April of 1721 of a fever associated with childbirth.  For a long time the last record on Anne was that she escaped the Jamaican prison, likely with the help of her wealthy father.  Only recently have relatives of hers come forward, claiming that Anne moved back to South Carolina, got married, and had more children.  Supposedly she lived to the age of 80 and is buried at the York County Churchyard in York County, Virginia.
A final piece of history I was determined to include in Dead Women Tell No Tales, were the famous words the women spoke.  According to A General History of the Pyrates, the last words Anne spoke to Rackham before his execution were, “I’m sorry to see you here, but if you’d fought like a man, you’d need not be hanged like a dog.”  These stinging words were part of the reason I made the relationship between Anne and Rackham so volatile.  
Mary Read also has a poignant sentence that has survived history.  When asked about the harsh punishment for committing the act of piracy, she replied with something along the lines of, “As to hanging, I think it no great hardship, for were it not for that, every cowardly fellow would turn pirate, and so infest the seas; and men of courage would starve.”  In Dead Women Tell No Tales, this is the last thing Mary says to the officers before they are executed.  It is a slap in the face for their cowardice.  Brash a statement as it is, I think it shows that the historical Mary Read knew what she got herself into when she became a pirate and that she was willing to accept the consequences of her actions.  She was truly a brave woman.
Regardless of whether they are portrayed as boisterous, bloodthirsty, unfeeling rogues or adventurous young women who fell victims of piracy while seeking to take control of their own lives, and despite the fact that they have been romanticized and distorted into legends, Anne Bonny and Mary Read remain two of the most remarkable women to have ever sailed upon the seas.



Thank You’s

In many ways this book would not have become a reality if I had remained stubbornly independent.  Sharing a piece of writing, especially if you are just finding yourself as an aspiring author, is difficult.  It’s personal.  I’m not a mother, so this is probably an over exaggerated metaphor, but it’s like entrusting someone to hold your new born baby.  However, somewhere along the line in my education, the concept of peer editing was engrained in me and as a resulted I consulted many people in the process.  So without further ado, thanks . . .

To my earliest editors: Allie Wolf, Marissa Mullins, and Vicky Wilda, thank you for your time and your critique, but mostly thank you for your support.  I think you all saw me as an author even before I was five chapters in.  Knowing that someone out there thought my draft was worthwhile, even if they were my best friends, was the bolster I needed to keep writing.  I really couldn’t ask for better friends!

To my acting copy editor: Jill Conway, having another author to turn to with questions was so very helpful.  I appreciate all your notes and comments on my manuscript.  They were valuable in polishing it up for publishing.  I wish you the best of luck in all your writing endeavors, especially The Elephant Gerald Project.

To those who inspire: Ms. Mary Smith, Mrs. Mary Wyman, Mrs. Carolyn Brown, Fr. Gordon Gilsdorf, and Professor Blake Westerlund, thank you for being crazy enough to teach!  You helped to kindle, foster, and grow my love of the literary arts and inspired me to share it with others.  You will never know the extent of the lives you have touched.

To my manager: Caleb Weeks, thank you for telling me that the first ending of the manuscript sucked.  I think the current ending is exponentially better.  You helped to make lots of small but significant changes to the overall book and its promotion, like the cover art and my website.  I will owe much of my success in marketing to you, but I’m most grateful for your enthusiasm and encouragement.

To my family: Steve, Peggy, Kate, Isaac, Claire, and my extended family, thank you for all of your love and support throughout the years.  Whether you read the manuscript and offered suggestions or just asked me “so how’s that book writing thing going?” from time to time, I could feel the love.  Mom, I know you think everything I write is great, but I’m most appreciative of the fact that you never let me give up and picked me up after every rejection letter.  I’m so glad that you realized I was going to be a writer long before I did and nourished that seed in me.  And Claire, because I promised . . . CLAIRE IS COOL!  Thanks for being my number one fan.

Finally to you reader: thank you for allowing me the opportunity to share my passion with you.  I hope the lives of Anne Bonny and Mary Read have provided you with as much inspiration and adventure as they have provided me.  May you always be in the midst of a page turner!

