The Mystery Alliance:  Evian’s Saga
Taffey Tawanna Champion
Copyright Taffey Tawanna Champion 2013
Published by Taffey Tawanna Champion Publishing at Smashwords
Cover Art Design:  Paradise Underwater 11/17/2008 painting by Taffey Tawanna Champion
About the Author

Taffey Tawanna Champion is a small-town girl born and raised in Greensboro, GA, educated at GTCHS in Greensboro, GA and further educated at Elon College which eventually became Elon University. She excelled in writing as a young child; even earned merits and won awards for writing ability, including a “Passport to Excellence” plaque. Reading and writing also were Taffey’s first loves before drama and music, which of course, came after.
Before, during and after college, Taffey became a world traveler, even electing to live in London, England for one semester whilst studying at Elon University. She traveled several times to Paris, France at this time. Taffey also met and encountered celebrities in London, England which served to make her experiences even more special. Added to her world traveler status, she lived in South Korea for a short interval. This experience, including her fascination with various Kung-Fu techniques and martial arts films aided in her ability to create The Mystery Arts in The Mystery Alliance: Evian’s Saga.
She also worked in Marina, CA as an Americorps VISTA for MCHOME (a division of Interim, Inc.) under the Coalition of Homeless Services Providers. During this time, she became acquainted with the various artists of Breakthrough H’ART (a program synonymous with MCHOME) and also with noted Austrian Artist/Painter, Hans Kindel. It was here, under the tutelage of Hans Kindel and Bill Donnelly that she discovered her talent for Abstract/Impressionist Art. This is where the cover (Paradise Underwater) of her E-book originated.
THE MYSTERY ALLIANCE: EVIAN’S SAGA was created initially as a copyrighted action/adventure screenplay, however, Taffey decided to adapt it into an E-book: the first in a series of E-books actually. She is already in the progress of working on a prequel E-book for this series. THE MYSTERY ALLIANCE: EVIAN’S SAGA is available for sale at www.Smashwords.com and will be distributed via Smashwords to many other retailers including Apple.com, Kobobooks.com, Flipkart.com, Baker & Taylor, Barnes & Noble, Sony.com and now Oyster. This E-book is also made available for Libraries to obtain.
Taffey lives in Greensboro, GA with her family members and Buster, their canine pal. You may contact Taffey Tawanna Champion via email at alyrist@yahoo.com and as @TaffeyChampion on www.twitter.com. 
Author’s Acknowledgments

First of all, I give my sincerest and appreciative thanks to GOD ALMIGHTY and the Lord JESUS CHRIST because without them, I would not have any talent at all to begin with.  I also thank Mr. Keanu Reeves, the Actor, for his pioneering efforts in Action films which aided in aspiring me to create some of my most colorful and unique characters: for Mr. Reeves is unique himself.  And he also plays the guitar like Evian, my main character or protagonist.
Thanks to Christina Miranda and her daughter, Miranda, and also Maria Lindley, Michael McDonald, Jody Gulley, Kevin Michael, Barbara Monning, Guadalupe Mata, and the rest of the MCHOME/Interim team plus all artists of Breakthrough H’ART that were truly instrumental in helping me to develop my creative talents in Abstract Impressionistic Art, which I did not know I even had until I worked with them as an Americorps VISTA. I thank Hans Kindel (whom I call Daddy Hans) and Bill Donnelly for their unwavering support and tutelage, thereby contributing to my development as an Abstract artist, even though I do thank Bill Donnelly posthumously, for he is no longer with us.
Thanks to Katherine Thoeni, Eric Vogelgesang, Jorge Sifuentes, Lisa Raville and family including Shadow, Eduardo Schultz and all of my friends and co-workers that contributed to my development as a writer, a professional, and with honing my computer skills; especially Katherine Thoeni. On a most personal note, my love and thanks go to my mother, Juanita Jones, for aiding and assisting a struggling writer that also happens to be her own wayward daughter. I also thank my cousin, Tracey Grimes, for he was instrumental in helping me to copyright my work. And to Brittany Wheeler, thanks very much for all your friendship and support. You are such a wonderfully kind person, for one so young.
Special thanks go to Patricia Sue Mason for being such a good friend and giving me such honest opinions and support concerning my book and artwork. This includes Mr. Chasen Crawford, for you were so wonderful to assist me with formatting my book cover. I must thank the esteemed Book Club members that were instrumental in advising me in creating an even better E-Book that my original version. These esteemed intellectuals that I thank now are Chasen Crawford (thanks again), Erica Bristow, Lee Stone, Patricia Mason, Tom Mason, Pat Motschlesser, and Ed Motschlesser. 
I also thank Jackie Broderick and all of the Greensboro, GA Library staff for all of their helpful assistance over the years. I give more special thanks to Heather Elizabeth Byrne for inspiring me on my path toward becoming a published Author. And thanks especially to her sister, Tracey Ann Byrne, one of my best college friends, for being there for me through all of the pros and cons of undergraduate life.
To all persons above, thanks so very much!
 
The Mystery Alliance:  Evian’s Saga

Preface
“We are members of an elite rescue unit…The Mystery Alliance. All of the members of this rescue unit are called Mystics. Mystics have haunting, surreal beauty: almost as though we were chosen to be Mystics from the womb. We also have unique abilities and skills which set us apart from others. Yet, only prominent, high-ranking government officials have knowledge of our existence.  We are the persons these officials contact when no one else can rescue hostages in extreme terrorist situations. And this is our story…”
Chapter One

For Evian Magi, there is always something special about Paris in the spring time. Frankly, that’s one of the reasons why he loves being part of a traveling carnival. Each year, he gets to travel around the world, and seeing new places does have its appeal, but nothing better than Paris, France.  
As Jack-of-all-trades for Machiavellia’s Traveling Carnival, he is called upon to assist with many projects. At the moment, however, he has been working at a refreshment stand. With a shake of his head he thinks, “Not my best gig, but it pays the bills.” 
Within minutes, two young women approach Evian’s stand. Both are giggling and whispering to each other after catching sight of him. “Jordan, he is so gorgeous. I could just stare at him all night.”
Her friend, Elise laughs and nods in agreement. “I totally agree with you. With those laser-blue eyes and midnight colored hair, he’d be the perfect romantic addition to our European vacation.” Both giggle and laugh in wholehearted bonhomie. 
Unbeknownst to them, Evian has overheard their frivolous chatter. With a roll of his eyes, Evian asks, “May I get you ladies anything?” 
Jordan blushes in embarrassment at having been caught leering. And unable to find her voice, Elise speaks for them. “Please make that a small coke and fries for me and the same for my friend, please.” 
He nods and quickly prepares their order. “There you are, ladies. Have a wonderful evening.” 
Both women pick up their orders, and Jordan, having finally found her voice says, “Thanks. Care to join us?” 
Evian smiles knowingly at this invitation, but gives a negative shake of his head. “No, thank you. I’m not very thirsty at the moment.” 
Elise almost laughs at the disappointed look on her friend’s face. “That’s too bad. Well, good evening to you, Gorgeous.” 
Evian chuckles and nods in response. As they walk away, Evian looks at his watch. “Hmm, not long before closing time. Good.” 
Haven
The home of The Mystery Alliance is called Haven, a once abandoned chateau. Within the sanctum of Haven, inside the Sparring Room, two lovely female Mystics are performing stretch exercises. Yet only one, Raven Hawk, is entirely focused on them. 
She is a voluptuous dark beauty with hair the blackish, almost blue color of a raven’s wing and with eyes that flash like stunning green emeralds. At the moment, her best friend Flaxen Pierce, (a beautiful blonde with intriguing hazel eyes and the appearance of a sea nymph) is being chatty and quite inquisitive. 
“Now, what do you suppose he looks like…tall, short, blond, dark hair, what?” 
Raven shrugs, panting slightly. “Not sure. I don’t really care. Those details just aren’t important.” 
Flaxen looks surprised at this acknowledgement. “Well, I think that it doesn’t hurt anyone to be a little curious, especially since we must do our best to make him feel at home when he comes here.” 
Raven laughs. “Don’t worry. We will make certain of that.” 
Frowning, Flaxen asks, “But, aren’t you the least bit curious about him?” 
Raven looks thoughtful. “Yes, I wonder how long it will take him to get ready.” 
Flaxen sighs in exasperation. “Is that all?” 
Raven stops stretching and stares pointedly at her friend. “Of course, Flaxen, what else?” 
Flaxen shakes her head. “Honestly, Raven, sometimes I really worry about you. I mean, it’s not natural for a woman to be so obtuse.” 
Raven sighs and purses her lips in irritation. “Give it a rest, Flaxen. There’s nothing wrong with being serious. I’m really tired of this same old argument. When will it end?” 
Flaxen grabs her bag and says, “All right, I will. I have to go anyway. Dutch is waiting for me.” 
Raven waves her off quite happily and starts stretching again. “Have fun.” 
Flaxen smiles slyly at her friend and says, “We always do.” 
Paris, France
In Paris, France, Evian has retired to his caravan for the rest of the night. Presently, he is lying in bed stringing a guitar, when there is a knock on the door. Evian stops playing the instrument. “Who is it?”
From outside the door, a voice responds. “It’s me, Kacy Redlynn.” 
Evian puts the guitar away and sits up in bed. “Oh. Come in, Kacy.” 
The door opens and a lovely Eurasian woman enters with topaz-colored eyes. “Hello, Evian. How have you been?” 
Evian smiles at her. “I’m doing well. But, isn’t it rather late for a visit?” 
Kacy looks at the clock on his desk. “Well, so it is. I’m sorry. I was hoping you wouldn’t mind.” 
Evian laughs and sarcastically responds with, “Why, of course not. How could I deny myself the pleasure of your company?” 
Kacy chuckles and shakes her head. “You know, if I had one of your pillows over there, I’d throw it at you.” 
“Now, that wouldn’t be very nice.” 
Kacy shrugs. “No, I suppose not. Well, how’s the carnival circuit? Is business still doing well?”
“The same as always, I suppose. Shouldn’t you know this, too?”
K.C. simply shrugs in response.
“Anyway, I’m still Jack-of-all-trades. You know, whenever they need a hand, I’m the man.” 
Kacy scoffs. “Nice rhyme.” 
“Thanks. 
“But, I think you’re forgetting something.”
Evian lifts an eyebrow, in silent query.
“You know, you’re also an acrobat and flying trapeze artist, just like Killian Lovejoy and I.”
Evian snaps his fingers, poking fun at K.C. “Oh yes! How could I have forgotten that…especially Killian Lovejoy, with her light chestnut-colored hair and astonishing lime green eyes?”
K.C. laughs and says, “Oh! Stop it, silly!”
Evian shrugs in response. “So, would you like something to drink? I have juice, soda, and spring water.”  
Kacy shakes her head. “No thanks, Evian, I should be going, actually.” 
Frowning, he says, “But, you’ve only just arrived.” 
“I know, but it’s late. And you need your rest. I only came by to see how you were doing.”
“Okay. Stop by anytime, though. You know, you’re welcome.” 
Kacy smirks, and then responds with false modesty. “Oh, aren’t I? You must have missed me after all.”
“Of course, it’s good to see you, Kace.” 
“You too, Evian…have a good night.” 
“Goodnight.” 
As Kacy leaves, she closes the door quietly behind her. Evian lies down, closes his eyes and settles himself comfortably into bed. 
Chapter Two

Deep within the mysterious realms of Haven, Exile Legend (a gentleman with hair the color of charcoal and very light brown eyes), the founder and leader of The Mystery Alliance, is standing impatiently waiting for a response from Delphi Legend (his wife and a very wise Mystic intuitor). Delphi (a regal lady with tawny beige hair and smoky grey eyes) looks up and smiles in amused silence at her husband’s obvious agitation. 
Exile sighs. “Must you take so long to answer one question?” 
“Really, Exile, sometimes you test my patience, also! Calm yourself, please.” 
“All right, well, what did you find out? Where is he?”
“Paris, he’s near the Eiffel Tower.”
Frowning, he asks, “What is he doing there?” 
“He works for a traveling carnival.”
“What may I ask is his profession?”
Delphi smiles with obvious delight and says, “I believe that he works as a “Jack-of-all-trades”; which includes work as an acrobat, and also as a flying trapeze artist.”
“Very interesting, this is. So, when would it be expedient for us to initiate contact with him?” 
“Actually, Kacy has done very well in that department. However, so as not to ruin their close friendship, I think you should appoint someone else for this mission.” 
“Excellent suggestion, Delphi…I shall appoint Raven Hawk.”
Delphi smiles at him. “I thought so. Of course, Raven always makes a lasting impression.” 
Exile clears his throat. “That she does. I think that I shall tell her now. Time is of the essence.” 
“You have a point, Exile. Please tell her to be careful.” 
“I shall, my dear. Take care.” 
Exile excuses himself, leaving a thoughtful Delphi staring after him.
Myth’s Lair
Myth’s Lair is a charming old-world villa that has been painted both grey and black. It is the residence of The Mystery Alliance’s archenemy and leader of The Saboteurs, Myth Vaga (a gorgeous man with ebony-colored hair and turquoise eyes). Myth seeks to acquire absolute autonomy over all Mystics. The Saboteurs are a group of Mystic followers dedicated to serving Myth and supporting him in any and all pursuits to destroy the members of The Mystery Alliance. 
Myth’s mistress, Persia Lago, (a stunning beauty with pale green eyes and hair the color of a calico cat) is lying sprawled across their bed, staring fixedly upwards. Suddenly, the door opens and Myth Vaga enters. Persia quickly turns onto her stomach to face him. 
“Good evening, my love.” 
“Good evening, my lovely. Just what have you been up to, my dear?” 
Persia shrugs. “Nothing special…I have been waiting for you, though.” 
“I can’t imagine why.” 
Persia laughs and gives him a searing glance. “Can’t you just? Come here.”
Myth arches an eyebrow at her impertinence. 
She decides to try a tactic of persuasion instead. “All right, will you please come here?” 
Myth complies and as he gets near, she takes hold of his hand. 
“Sit next to me.” 
As Myth sits, Persia removes her hand from his and leans seductively toward him. She firmly grasps the nape of his neck, and draws him close. Persia starts to kiss him passionately. When she notices that Myth isn’t returning her heated kisses, she stops to take a look at him. “Well?” 
Myth gives a detached shrug. “I don’t happen to be in the mood right now.” 
“We’ll see about that.” 
Persia forces Myth onto his back and frantically begins caressing him. As her ardor increases, Myth sighs contentedly, closing his eyes. He holds her tightly and their coupling becomes quite fierce, almost violent in its intensity. Persia starts purring like a contented cat while Myth laughs softly, pleased by her ever-increasing pleasure.  
A Mystic Circus Act
At the forefront of a Huge-sized Tent where all the aerial and acrobatic acts are performed, is a sign labeled, “MACHIAVELLIA’S TRAVELING CARNIVAL”. Behind and surrounding the entire square, where the carnival is held, (with the Eiffel Tower and Arc De Triomphe providing a stunning landscape background) are many beverage, food, and assorted entertainment stands. There are also various enjoyable rides and fun structures providing entertainment, including a Ferris Wheel, a Merry-Go-Round, a Tilt-A-Whirl ride, a UFO ride, a Chair-O-Planes ride, a Wave Swinger ride, and a Funhouse.
There are French circus clowns scattered about the square, causing a wonderfully, giddy chaos wherever they go. All of these delightful entertainers are dressed in flamboyant, multi-colored pastel costumes with ballerina-type slippers that are pointed at the toes. Many of various ages are being entertained by these extremely hilarious buffoons.  One clown, specifically, is engaged with a Dog Circus Act (using hula hoops for the dog to jump through) that includes a Monkey Assistant. He is causing rip-roaring laughter to erupt from the audience and to echo around the square.
It is a Friday night in Paris, France. Machiavellia’s Traveling Carnival’s circus performances by the troupe, “Cirque du Triomphe” have been underway for some time. A flying trapeze act is entertaining the massive-sized audience that has turned out for this performance. There is thunderous applause as each performer executes superb feats upon the trapeze swings, hovering thrillingly above the high wire. The three “Mystic” performers (a fact unknown to the audience) have phenomenal abilities, and the dynamic trio involves one male and two females.
The Announcer, with an impressively loud and boisterous voice, shouts (and his voice can be heard clearly by all and sundry), “Ladies and gentleman, watch as ‘Les papillons qui volent’ or for our American tourists, and any English-speaking persons in the audience, ‘The Flying Butterflies’, will astound you with their exceptional feats above the high wire!”
Evian Magi is the ‘catcher’, and he swings upon the trapeze bar constantly, calling, “Up!” to, and assisting the flying trapeze artist, Killian Lovejoy, as she swings out from the ‘flying bar’ several times, before being caught by Evian’s powerfully muscular arms. As Killian is suspended in mid-air, with her feet placed tightly beneath his shoulders, Evian suddenly sets her free again to take hold of the trapeze again as it has swung back toward her. Killian returns confidently back toward her original station at the ‘narrow bar’. She moves to the left, to allow Kacy Redlynn to take her turn. 
The Announcer shouts, “Now watch, as these courageous aerialists try an ‘over-and-under passing leap’; by which two flying butterflies pass each other in midair! Watch them closely, now!”
Evian Magi calls out to Kacy Redlynn, by shouting, “Up!” For answer, she quickly swings across, and is caught by Evian at her very first attempt. With Kacy’s feet secured tightly beneath his shoulders, Killian Lovejoy swings forth to take her place at the flying bar. Evian releases Kacy’s legs. Kacy swings out and catches the ‘flying bar’ just as Killian reaches Evian’s form…and is caught expertly once more  within his mighty grip.
Kacy Redlynn swings forth again, positioned to the right side of the ‘flying bar’, in order for Killian Lovejoy, (as she is released by Evian) to take hold of the ‘flying bar’, positioning herself to the left side before both ladies return to their respective stations upon the ‘narrow bar’. The audience gives boisterous shouts and claps of joy, obviously loving the show.
Yet again, The Announcer shouts, “Ladies and gentleman, watch as Ms. Lovejoy will perform a ‘split’s across’ the flying bar. Watch!”
Evian shouts, “Up!” Killian swings across again and expertly performs the aforementioned ‘splits across’ the ‘flying bar’, before letting go as she swings across to be caught by Evian Magi’s waiting arms. Killian Lovejoy swings back to return to her previous station, at the ‘narrow bar’, after Evian’s swift release of her arms. Evian follows swiftly, by swinging back toward where the two ladies are standing upon the ‘narrow bar’. 
Once he has reached his destination, each member of ‘The Flying Butterflies’ bow in reverence toward their audience as soon as the audience erupts with thunderous applause. And standing upon one of the balcony areas, an entrancing beauty has been watching the proceedings with avid interest. But, before anyone else can get in her way, she runs quickly down the steps to disappear outside; merging with others seeking entertainment, amidst the swelling crowds of the carnival grounds.
Evian meets Raven Hawk 
Evian steps out of his caravan into the dazzling morning sunlight, and shuts the door behind him. After locking the door, he takes a few steps and stares off into the distance. He says to himself, “The Eiffel Tower looks amazing from here. Well, I’m thirsty. I’d better get something to drink.” 
Evian makes his way toward a refreshment stand. As he gets close, he retrieves his wallet from his back pocket and searches for some money. He gets in line and soon notices that he is behind a very voluptuous woman. Her every lissome curve is accentuated by the figure-hugging outfit she is wearing. Evian continues to gaze admiringly at her curvaceous figure. Then, he decides to talk to her. “Excuse me, miss.” 
Raven Hawk turns slightly. “Yes?” 
“How much are the large sodas?”
“You’re not blind, are you? See for yourself.” 
With this rude retort, she swiftly turns around, once again facing the refreshment stand. Offended, he says, “Fine, I will. There is certainly no need to be rude.” 
Raven turns once more to face him, revealing just how attractive she is. She says, “Serves you right, if you want to meet me, just ask.” 
Holding his hands up in a mock act of surrender, Evian says, “All right. I apologize. By the way, my name is Evian Magi.” 
“Nice name. I’m Raven Hawk. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” 
Evian shakes his head in disagreement. “No, it is quite the pleasure to
meet you. And your name is very nice, too.” Raven laughs.
The cashier has been waiting impatiently for Raven to place an order. “Are you going to buy something, or not?” 
Raven turns quickly to face her. “Oh! I’m sorry. Give me a medium Sprite, please.” The cashier prepares the drink, collects the money for the sale and rings it up. She gives Raven the soft drink, and her change. 
“Thank you.” 
Raven takes her drink and turns toward Evian. “Well, so long.” Without a moment’s hesitation, Raven walks away and does not look back, even when Evian speaks to her. 
“So long, what do you mean by that?” 
The cashier interrupts his thoughts abruptly with, “Come on. Hurry up, Evian.” 
“Sorry, Killian, give me a large 7-up, please.” 
“Okay, one moment.” 
The cashier quickly prepares the drink, takes the money and completes the sale. She gives Evian his change. 
“Here you go. See you again soon, Evian.” 
“Thanks, and I guess so.” 
Evian takes his drink and then hurries to catch up with Raven. As he approaches her from behind, he yells, “Hey! Wait a minute!” 
Raven stops walking in mid-stride, then turns toward him. “Why?” 
“I want to talk to you.” 
She arches an eyebrow in response. “What could you possibly want?” 
“Nothing much…maybe I want to get to know you better.” 
“What reason could you have, Evian? And it better not be the reason that just came into my mind.” 
“No, of course not, but...” 
Raven abruptly turns and starts walking away. 
“Wait a minute.” 
As Evian reaches out to touch her shoulder, Raven suddenly swivels around and with deft precision, seizes his offending hand in what appears to have been an expert martial arts maneuver. Evian stares at her as though she has taken leave of her senses, evidently shocked by this erratic turn of events. 
“Ouch! What are you doing?” 
“Listen, I don’t like being touched without my permission.” 
Raven releases his hand. Evian attempts to shake the numbness from his hand and stares at her in amazement. “How on earth did you manage that maneuver without spilling a single ounce of soda?” 
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” 
Evian nods. “Actually, I would.” 
“Here you are.” 
Raven hands her soda over to him. “You spilled yours, so now you may have mine.” 
Accepting the proffered drink, he says, “Thanks. That was nice of you.” 
“Don’t mention it. After all, I did overreact a little. Does your hand feel any better?” 
“Yes, the numbness is gone. That’s some death grip you have.” 
Raven laughs and Evian joins in, then he says, “Okay. It’s not that funny.” 
“You’re right. Look, you’ll have to forgive me, but I tend to get rather aggressive when I protect myself.” 
“Don’t worry about it. I should never have grabbed you. For that, I sincerely apologize.” 
“That’s all right.” 
Raven starts walking again and Evian falls into step beside her. After a moment, she stops and looks at him, so he does the same. “Listen...” 
“Yes, listen to what?” 
“Are you absolutely certain you want to know how I managed that little maneuver back there?” 
“Little maneuver?” 
Raven colors slightly; only serving to enhance her radiant beauty. 
“Lady, you came after me like someone wielding a 2 X 4. 
Chuckling, she says, “That’s funny; though, a little over the top. Don’t you think?” 
Smiling, he says, “Look who’s talking.” 
Raven shrugs. “Touché.”
“So, you know martial arts.” 
“Yes.” 
“Well, what technique or style was that? And how did you come to learn it?” 
“Evian, if you really want to know, come with me.” 
“Where would we be going?” 
“Well, to my home, of course.” 
Evian smiles and playfully says, “That was easy.” 
Raven sighs. “Be serious.” 
“Okay, but only on one condition.” 
“Which is?” 
“You must promise to reveal everything that I should know about you.”
“Certainly, Evian, my life is an open book.” 
“Come with me, then. I’ll take you home.” 
“All right, if you insist.” 
Evian steers Raven toward his parked caravan. He unlocks the passenger door and assists Raven inside. He closes the door, walks over toward the driver’s side, opens the door and gets in. He shuts the door and settles more comfortably in his seat. As Evian starts the vehicle, he directs a concerned look at his passenger. 
Raven frowns at him. “Is there something wrong?” 
“Maybe…I am wondering if I am the proverbial “canary about to get eaten by the cat”.” 
Raven chuckles. “There’s really only one way to find out, Evian Magi.” 
“I was afraid you’d say that. Okay, fasten your seatbelt, please.” After they fasten their seatbelts, Evian says, “Let’s go.” He drives slowly and negotiates his way safely out of the parking lot. 
Chapter Three

Evian and Raven have just arrived in the courtyard outside of Haven. They step outside of the caravan to stand together before the chateau. Evian stares with unease at the imposing, yet beautiful grandeur in front of him. Raven smiles sweetly at his easily discernable facial expressions. 
“Beautiful. Isn’t it?” 
“It is fascinating.” 
“We think so.” 
Evian frowns and turns to face her. “Who are we?” 
“Well, Evian Magi, you are about to find out. Follow me.” 
Evian follows Raven as she leads the way inside. As they enter, Raven and Evian proceed toward a flight of stairs and make their way down them. After they leave the stairway, Raven continues to lead the way down a dark corridor and stops immediately before a door. She knocks softly on the door and a voice answers from inside. 
“You may enter.” 
Raven opens the door and enters a room filled with glowing candlelight. Evian follows somewhat hesitantly. In the center of the room stand three imposing figures: Exile and Delphi Legend, and also Nightshade Velour (a gentleman with tawny beige hair and smoky grey eyes). 
Evian glances curiously at all of them because they appear to have a haunting, surreal beauty with fierce, mesmerizing eyes. A rather unique beauty, he notices that Raven Hawk also shares. Exile approaches the new arrivals and casts an interested glance at Evian.
“Good evening. Raven, please introduce us to your new friend.” 
“Certainly…everyone, I’d like you to meet our guest, Evian Magi. Evian, this is Exile and Delphi Legend, and this is Nightshade Velour.” 
Evian says, “Good evening to you.” 
Exile and Nightshade bow slightly toward their visitor and Delphi says, “Good evening to you, Evian Magi.” 
Evian gives an uneasy smile. “I can’t help but notice that everyone in this room has unusual names.” 
Nightshade says, “Yes, perhaps our parents felt we were special in some way.” 
“Perhaps, but, why do you say we?” 
Raven interrupts. “Nightshade means there is a reason why we met tonight, Evian.” 
Evian, becoming uneasy, winces at this news. “What can you mean, Raven? If I hadn’t spoken to you, we would never have met.” 
“Are you sure about that, Evian?” 
“Well, to be honest, I’m not quite sure about anything at the moment.” 
Exile says, “Raven, I think you’re upsetting our new friend.” 
Raven glances toward Evian and notices that he does seem nervous. “I apologize, Evian. I’m only trying to prepare you.” 
Evian frowns. “Prepare me…what for?” 
Delphi moves closer toward them. “There’s plenty of time for the answers you seek, Evian. Exile darling, why don’t you escort them to the dining room?” 
“What an excellent suggestion, love. Now, if you two will accompany me, I shall lead the way for you.” 
Raven and Evian follow behind Exile as he leads them out of the room and down the corridor, toward an open doorway. Upon entry into the dining room, Exile gestures toward some chairs at the dining table. “Would you care to sit down?” 
Evian nods and sits down. Once he is seated, Raven brings the tea trolley closer to the dining table. “Will you take tea, Evian?” 
“Yes. Black…no sugar.” 
“Good. That’s how Exile takes his.” 
Exile smiles indulgently. “It seems we have something in common.” 
“I suppose so.” 
Raven gives Evian his tea, and he drinks some of it. “Thanks. So, who are you people?” 
Exile smiles at him. “I can see you are a man of few words.” 
Evian nods. “You could say that.” 
Raven gives Exile his tea, places her tea before her and sits down. Exile glances toward Raven. “Raven, would you do the honors?” 
“Of course; Evian, as you already know, the gentleman sitting before you is Exile. However, what you don’t know is that Exile is the founder of Haven.” 
“What is Haven?” 
“This chateau we are in now.” 
“And…go on?” 
“And Exile is both the founder and overseer of this establishment. He also leads an elite rescue unit that assists hostages taken in extreme terrorist situations. This rescue unit is called The Mystery Alliance.” 
“I’ve never heard of it.” 
Exile interrupts the conversation. “That’s as it should be. Only prominent, high-ranking government officials have knowledge of our existence. These officials make contact with us only when we are needed. Hence, the title: The Mystery Alliance.” 
“I see…very interesting. You’re a secret anti-terrorist group.” 
Raven smiles at his comprehension. “That’s it, precisely.” 
“Do you operate on an international basis?” 
“Yes, we do. We assist people from all over the world.”      
“Good, so, this is how you came to know martial arts?” 
“Yes, as a matter of fact. Each member of The Mystery Alliance is trained in The Mystery Arts. And all members are also known as Mystics.” 
Evian looks directly at Exile. “Care to enlighten me?” 
Exile smiles because he’s obviously pleased to do just that. “But, of course. The Mystery Arts is an innovative mixture of both Ninjitsu and Kung-Fu martial arts techniques, combined with miraculous feats of acrobatics.” 
“And Mystics are?” 
“Mystics are born from the womb, just like everyone else. However, we possess obvious differences from other human beings. We all have haunting, surreal beauty with very intense eyes. We also are superhuman...you know, stronger, faster, and capable of learning and accomplishing far more fantastic feats than any average mortal can.” 
Evian looks disbelievingly at him. “Superhuman, huh…so, Mystics can’t die?” 
“Why, of course we can and have.” 
“I see. But, how would anyone know they’re a Mystic?” 
“Well, it is quite obvious. Look at your coloring, Evian. Haven’t you always stood out from most of the people you’ve met or known? I mean, how many people have hair as jet black with such astonishing blue eyes? Your eyes even have very Asian-like slants to them. You also have an excellent physique. 
“All Mystics have these qualities and I’d be willing to wager that you have some very superhuman abilities lurking within you.” 
As Evian ponders these things, Exile watches him closely. “So, you’re actually telling me that I’m a Mystic.” 
Exile glances at Raven, then back at Evian and nods slightly. “Yes, Evian Magi. You are one of us.” 
“How can you be so sure? Besides what you’ve already told me, that is.” 
Raven interrupts. “Is this really so hard to believe?” 
Evian looks uncertain. “You’ve got to give me something else.” 
“All right, where are your parents, Evian?” 
“Why do you ask?” 
“Please just answer the question.”      
“They’re dead, okay. My mother died in childbirth and my father died a few years ago. And why did I just tell you that?” 
“That’s because it is the same for all of us. Our mothers died in childbirth and our fathers only lived several years after our mothers’ deaths.” 
Evian becomes piqued with interest. “Why is that, do you think?” 
“Well, it seems that when certain human beings have Mystic children, we take a great deal of their life force from them. So, they don’t survive very long; especially our mothers, who give all of their life force just to bring us into the world.” 
“Truly, I mean, this is for real?” 
Exile nods in agreement. “But, of course.” 
“Does anyone know why we exist?” 
“No, Evian. But, the one thing that we do know is that we were born for a reason. That is how we are able to go on.” 
“I see.” 
Raven watches the byplay of emotions on Evian’s face, as he takes in what he’s been told. She asks, “Evian, would you like to remain with us here and learn more about our way of life?” 
“Would you be here, also?” 
“Of course, I would. I invited you here, didn’t I?” 
“Yes. Well then, I’ll stay.” 
“Great.” 
“Besides, I want to know more about this Mystery Arts.” 
“You’ll be instructed. As you know, each member has a unique, inherent quality or skill to aid them in their Mystery Arts training.” 
“Well, I am not exactly a novice when it comes to acrobatics. “I’ve been an astute acrobat and flying trapeze artist with Machiavellia’s Traveling Carnival for some time now. I even won awards for gymnastics in school.” 
“I’m not a bit surprised. I saw the aerial act tonight…quite exceptional.”
Evian becomes playful, “Thank you, Raven Hawk. The Flying Butterflies or as the French say, ‘Les papillons qui volent’; have always aimed to please.”
Raven smirks at this statement. “Hmm… Well, what do you think, Exile?” 
Exile laughs. “What do I think? I think we’d be very fortunate to have you with us, Evian Magi.” 
“Thank you…and if I’d want to join the Alliance?” 
Exile smiles and says, “We’d welcome you wholeheartedly.” 
Raven adds, “And without reservation.” 
Exile nods. “Yes, Raven. However, before you render such a decision, Evian Magi, I feel that it is necessary to give you a warning.” 
Evian frowns. “Warn me?” 
“Yes, indeed.”
“What could you possibly need to warn me about?” 
“The Mystery Alliance has an enemy. His name is Myth Vaga. He was a Mystic stranger that we welcomed in among us. He has now become leader of a group called The Saboteurs. At the time however, we didn’t realize that he had a hidden agenda.” 
“And what was it?” 
“He seemed very interested in our way of life. Looking back, I believe that he felt it was an exceptional advantage that the Alliance is unknown to most of the world.” 
“Ah, I see; quite the advantage. If he infiltrated the organization and assumed control...who would suspect anything amiss? I mean, he could always concoct any story he wanted about why he’d taken control of the Alliance. After all, he is a Mystic, too.” 
Exile nods and says, “Precisely.”  
“Of course, your Mystery Alliance is a prime target for an infiltration.” 
Raven frowns. “Why do you say that?” 
“Well, he’s lived among you before, knows who you are and what you do. It wouldn’t be very difficult to get one of his cohorts to sneak in here and pretend to be one of your members.” 
Raven laughs. “Actually, he has tried that before. But somehow, we always seem to discover who they are before it is too late.” 
“And a good thing that is, too.” 
Exile resumes enlightening Evian on their history. “Yes. He’s failed each time. After the first attempt, we escaped from him and relocated to France. However, we did expect retaliation from him.” 
“And you probably received it.” 
“Yes, but some time later. You see, we once lived in England, but we left and settled here to make this chateau a refuge and a home.” 
“I also left England…Canterbury, to be exact.” 
Raven asks, “Do you have any more questions for us, Evian?” 
“Well, yes. Do you not have concerns about my staying here? I mean, after what happened with Myth, it seems strange that you are still gracious enough to invite me here.” 
Exile fervently nods. “Yes, of course. We can’t blame every guest for one man’s vile indiscretion.” 
Raven adds, “And in order to retain the best recruits, we have to take chances. Besides, we are certainly capable of defending ourselves.” 
Evian smiles with understanding. “You’re right, of course. I’ve witnessed this with my own eyes.” 
Raven chuckles at this inference to their prior altercation and asks him, 
“Well, would you like to remain here with us for a visit, and observe how we live?”
“Yes, I would. However, I must contact Machiavellia’s, and give my notice.”
Exile lifts an eyebrow in query. “The traveling carnival people you’ve been working with?”
Evian nods emphatically. “Yes, I must give them my notice, and especially the members of Cirque du Triomphe.
Raven says, “Of course, Evian, but do you think that they might be upset that you will be leaving immediately, and without giving two weeks prior notice?”
Evian Magi just shrugs, as though this detail is inconsequential. “It won’t matter anyway. I’ve made up my mind now.”
Exile glances at a wall clock affixed between two kitchen cabinets. “Well, it is very late, and we must all get some rest. Tomorrow is soon enough to continue this conversation.” 
Evian yawns. “I couldn’t agree with you more.” 
“Good night, Evian, and pleasant dreams.”
“Good night, Exile.” 
“Raven, please escort Evian to his private quarters.” 
“Yes. Follow me, Evian.” 
Exile prepares to dispose of the tea and clean up after them, while Raven leads Evian out of the room to his private quarters. Raven opens the door to the room and gestures for Evian to go inside. Evian complies, and looks over the room, obviously pleased with its decor. He turns to face Raven. 
“It’s nice. I like it.” 
“Good. It is fully equipped with all of the amenities you will need. If all is not to your satisfaction, by all means, please let us know. We can always provide you with another one, including anything else you may require. Within reason, that is.”
“That won’t be necessary. I love it already.” 
“I thought perhaps you might. It suits you. Have a good night.” 
As Raven turns to leave, Evian speaks to her. “Wait.” 
Raven swivels around to face him. 
“Did you choose this room for me?” 
“I did.” 
“Well, you have good taste.” 
“So do you. Good night, Evian.” 
“Good night, Raven.” 
As Raven takes her leave of him, Evian pulls back the bed covers and walks into the bathroom to freshen up. He opens the medicine cabinet and notices that it is fully stocked with everything he needs. He stands before the mirror, staring at his reflection. Suddenly, he shakes his head and walks over to the shower and turns it on. Then, he walks over and closes the bathroom door. 
Chapter Four

At Myth’s Lair, Persia Lago is sitting before her dressing-table’s mirror and brushing her lovely hair with feline-like grace. The door opens abruptly and Fiend Dalliant, a member of The Saboteurs, enters the room. Dangerously attractive with mahogany-colored hair, silver-grey eyes and the look of a rogue, he closes the door softly and proceeds to stand with his back against it. 
Persia looks at him through his reflection in the mirror and then speaks to him with a voice dripping with sarcasm. “Do come in. And don’t bother to knock either.” 
Fiend fairly smirks at her. “Thank you. I don’t mind if I do.” 
Persia scoffs, but resumes brushing her hair. 
Fiend says mockingly, “Strange. You’ve not yet asked me to leave. 
Persia arches an eyebrow. “Would you?”
“I believe you know the answer to that.” 
She sighs. “Fiend, what do you want?” 
“As if you don’t know, my dear...” 
Persia stops brushing her hair when the reason for his visit finally dawns on her, and turns to face him. “No.” 
“Why shouldn’t we?” 
“I am with Myth now. Must I keep reminding you of that fact?” 
“Perhaps it is yourself you need to keep reminding.”  
“I think not. Why don’t you just go away and stop pestering me about it?” “Because I want you, it is as simple as that.” 
“Yes. We’ve already established that. But, I don’t want you.” 
Fiend scowls at her as he understands the reason for her dismissals. “It’s because your feelings for Myth are getting stronger. Aren’t they?” 
A lovesick expression sweeps over Persia’s ravishing countenance. “Yes, Fiend Dalliant, I’ve fallen in love with Myth. He’s beautiful.” 
Fiend replies angrily, “Watch it, my lovely! There is a limit to my patience.” With that parting shot, Fiend stalks out of the room, slamming the door fiercely behind him.  
Persia winces, and then mutters to herself. “Unfortunately, I am very aware of that.” Once again, Persia takes the brush and resumes tending to her luminescent locks.
 Evian at Haven
Evian is lying in bed sound asleep, when a sudden knock on the door disturbs him from his restful slumber. He sits up slowly and asks, “Who is it?” 
A voice outside the door utters, “Maid service.” 
”Oh, well, come in.” 
A ravishing young woman with silver-gilt hair and midnight-colored eyes enters the room. “Pardon me, sir. Exile has requested that you join him in the Banquet Room.” 
Evian looks at this wristwatch. “11:30.” 
“Yes, sir…brunch is being served now.” 
“All right, but please call me Evian. After all, even though you provide maid service I believe you are a member of The Mystery Alliance.” 
The maid nods. “Yes, but, how do you know this?” 
“Well, because how could you remain a secret anti-terrorist group if humans knew about Mystics?” 
The maid laughs. “Of course, you’re very intuitive.” 
“No, I wouldn’t say that. It’s just plain old common sense...pure and simple.” 
“All right, well, Evian, I am Anyss Knight…nice to meet you.” 
“Same here…look; may I have about 15 minutes? I need to get dressed and freshen up before I go.” 
“Certainly...very well, I will come back and escort you there in 15 minutes time. Then, I can come back and clean up here. Is that all right with you?” 
Evian comically mimics her voice. “Certainly...” Anyss giggles softly and leaves the room. Evian lies down again, sighs and mutters to himself, “I wonder what is in store for me today.” 
Suddenly, he sweeps the bed covers aside and gets up. He walks over to the closet and opens the door. Inside is a complete wardrobe of clothes. He checks the sizes and selects an outfit. Then, he lays the clothes on the bed and walks into the bathroom to freshen up.
 Evian meets more Mystics
Fifteen minutes later, there is another knock on the door. Evian chuckles and says to himself, “Right on time.” Then he walks toward the door and opens it. “Well, hello again.” 
Anyss laughs and responds with, “Hello again to you, Evian. Come with me, please.” 
“Okay.” 
Evian accompanies Anyss to the Banquet Room. She stops before a table, gestures toward a chair and says, “Have a seat and wait. Exile will be with you shortly.” 
Evian nods and replies with, “All right.”
Evian sits down as Anyss leaves. He glances curiously around the room at the other diners. Moments later, Exile enters the room and takes a seat before him at the table. 
“Hello, Exile.” 
“Hello, Evian Magi. Did you sleep well?” 
“Oh yes, and you?” 
“Yes. But, I can function on very little sleep.” 
“That’s a good thing.” 
“Yes, well, it comes in handy.” 
“I bet.” 
Exile changes the subject. “Shall you want anything special for brunch?” 
Evian shrugs.” Just ordinary English breakfast food will do.” 
“Then, that is what you shall have.” 
“Okay.” 
Evian stares intently at his hands, deep in thought. Exile looks curiously at him. “What’s on your mind, Evian?” 
Evian looks up and smirks. “A lot of things, actually, if you want the truth.”  
“For instance...?” 
“Well, for one thing, if I’ve made the right decision in coming here.” 
“Yes, but are you truly worried about this?” 
Evian shakes his head. “Not really. I’m just trying to absorb everything I’ve been told.” 
Delphi draws near to them and says in response, “And I’m afraid there’s more to come.” 
Exile smiles warmly at his wife and gestures for her to take a seat. “Please sit down, my love.” 
“Thank you. I will.” 
Delphi sits beside Exile and glances at Evian. “Well now, Evian, if you have any more questions, please feel free to ask them.” 
“Thanks.” 
Delphi frowns slightly. “Evian...what an interesting name you have.” 
Evian frowns. “Why do you say that?” 
“Well, it means, The Unenlightened One. Actually, those words accurately described you until now.” 
“Oh, I get it. Evian is the word ‘naive’ spelled backwards.” 
Delphi laughs. “Correct. That’s quite a way to put it.”
“I guess.” 
Exile asks Evian, “What else would you like to know?” 
“Who created the Mystery Arts?” 
“That would be Kayo Rasputin.”
“Kayo, as in...” Evian makes a boxing gesture. ”K.O...?” 
Delphi laughs and Exile joins in. She quickly says, “Yes, I suppose you could say that.” 
Evian continues his line of questioning. “So, is he the only instructor of The Mystery Arts?”
“Actually, no…some pupils that have excelled also assist with training instruction.” 
“Anyone I’ve met?” 
Delphi interrupts with, “Why yes, of course.” But before she can continue, the conversation is interrupted by Raven’s sudden appearance. 
Raven greets them with a, “Hello, everyone.” 
Everyone issues, in unison, a warm, “Hello.” 
And then, Exile says, “Ah, Raven, right on cue! Please, join us.” 
“Thanks.” 
Raven proceeds to do so by choosing a chair next to Evian and sitting down. She asks, “By the way Exile, what did you mean by ‘right on cue’?” 
“Well, Evian was just asking whether anyone he’s met assists with training instruction.” 
“Oh! Well, yes I do, Evian, among others.”
Evian smiles at her. “I’ve been wondering where you were.” 
“Did you think I’d abandon you, after all?” 
He shrugs and asks, “How could I know whether you would or not?” 
“I see your point. But, I did invite you here. So, don’t worry, I’ll be around. Actually, I will be assisting with your training.” 
Evian arches an eyebrow at this disclosure. “Oh, really?” 
“Of course…by the way, did you already make your calls to give your notice?”
Evian looks rather remorseful upon hearing this question. “Yes, I gave them the unfortunate news rather late last night.”
Raven frowns. “Well, is everything all right, then?”
Evian nods slowly and says, “In a way, but I’d really rather not discuss this now.” 
“Of course not, and I apologize for asking.”
Evian shakes his head, and gives a sad smile. “There isn’t any need to apologize. Anyway, are you really going to assist with my training?”
Raven chuckles. “I certainly will, Evian Magi.”
“I’m pleased to hear it.” 
A slight inflection in his voice makes her suspicious of his meaning.  “Why do you say it like that?” 
Evian chuckles softly. “Well, eventually I shall be capable of demonstrating to you a sample of last night’s, shall we say, intriguing altercation?” 
Raven laughs at this reminder. “Then, shall we visit the Sparring Room after brunch?” 
Nodding, he says, “I’d like that.” 
Exile looks from one to the other and says, “I assume that cryptic exchange was just between you both. So, I won’t ask about it.”
Delphi interjects with, “Isn’t anyone hungry? I’m ravenous.” 
Evian smiles at her. “So am I.” 
“Let’s eat, then.” 
Delphi looks at a young man (with golden blonde hair and fierce dark brown eyes) that has drawn near to their table, wheeling in a dining trolley.  “Thank you, Xavier. Brunch looks delicious.” 
“You’re welcome, my lady. Enjoy.” 
Delphi looks over at Evian, and realizes that the two young men haven’t met yet. “Oh, please forgive my rudeness, Evian. This young man is Xavier Dustine. And Xavier, this is Evian Magi.” 
Both young men exchange customary, polite pleasantries before Xavier uncovers the serving trays and places them on the table. He starts serving everyone.
A Mystic’s Disturbing Reaction
It is almost noon in Paris, France, but definitely too early for Machiavellia’s Traveling Carnival to be open for business. Instead, the day-to-day grind’s proceedings are in progress, with maintenance staff and other employees making preparations for the circus to open again tonight. There is a somewhat unamiable conversation occurring within Sylvana Machiavellia’s business office; located inside the confines of a medium-sized tent, directly behind all of the entertainment venues.
This said lady is thinking about calming a rather distraught and wounded Killian Lovejoy. Killian is pacing the room ardently, and is nervously fidgeting with her fingers. Sylvana, quite a striking beauty with fiery-red hair and enticingly wide, silver-colored eyes, watches Killian Lovejoy pace the floor one more time before interrupting (what appears to be) the young lady’s silent musings to herself.
“Are you planning on burrowing a hole through the carpet or do you have something to get off your chest?”
Killian stops in midstride and turns to face her employer. “…Something to get off my chest, I’d say.”
Sylvana gestures for her to continue. “Well then, my dear, let’s hear what you must say.”
Killian sighs and asks tentatively, “Did he give any indication of where he is and if he would ever return?”
Sylvana Machiavellia bestows a rather somber look upon her companion, and shakes her head before saying, “No, Killian…I’m afraid that he did not.”
Angered, she starts to rail at such an offense. “So, that’s it? He just abandons me; not to mention Kacy Redlynn, also!”
Sylvana decides to interrupt again before she becomes anymore agitated. “No, that’s not correct. Kacy gave her notice, just before Evian Magi gave his.”
An incredulous look passes over Killian’s expressive, yet lovely countenance. “Excuse me, but are you actually implying that they both did this…they both gave notice on the very same night?”
Sylvana nods slowly. “Unfortunately yes, for you my dear.”
“Well, if that isn’t one of the coldest, most cruel things I’ve ever had the misfortune to encounter. I trusted those two so much. We were like one happy family, you know…The Flying Butterflies; part of the Cirque du Triomphe carnival troupe.”
Killian stops speaking and glances at Sylvana, as she is sitting quietly and appears to be listening intently. “Aren’t you even just a smidgen angered by such audacity?”
Frowning, Sylvana poses a question in return, “What can you mean?”
“I mean…you, Sylvana Machiavellia, on your very own created Machiavellia’s Traveling Carnival along with Cirque du Triomphe and The Flying Butterflies. 
Sylvana chuckles and modestly confesses that, “Well honestly, I did have help with all of that.”
Killian dismisses this confession with a wave of her hand. “That doesn’t matter, Sylvana. All of us have helped to make this business great, at one time or another. That is, all of us that have been a part of the quite incredible acts that Machiavellia’s is so famous for. Anyway, I just cannot understand why you’re so calm and serene, even. 
Sylvana smiles upon hearing these words. “Believe me, my dear, this is nothing new to me. I have been in this business for quite some time, so not much surprises me anymore. Just last year, we lost one of our acrobat apprentices by the name of Myko Storm. He just left, without a word to anyone; as if he vanished into thin air. Certainly, that was upsetting, but I got over it, like I always do. And so will you, Killian. Now, granted, Evian Magi and Kacy Redlynn were indeed very special; especially to you, but there will be others.”
“I don’t care anymore. What they’ve done is inexcusable.”
Sylvana shrugs. “Perhaps…but, at least they had the good manners to give notice.”
Before Killian can interrupt, she continues on. “I do realize that I did not receive the customary ‘2 week notice’, however, I was given notice. And I will settle for that, if I can’t have anything else.”
Killian Lovejoy cannot believe what she’s been hearing from this shrewd business woman, and is obviously perplexed by the bewildered expression on her face. “I cannot believe what I am hearing from you, Sylvana. You would actually take them back if they asked. Wouldn’t you?”
Her lovely superior laughs softly, but nods in affirmation. “Of course, my dear, Killian Lovejoy…I don’t believe in giving up on such gems. They’ll always have a home here, should they ever need one.”
“And what if they ran into trouble with the law? What then, Sylvana?”
“Well then, they would be granted asylum here, should the need ever arise. As you can see, I consider them to be part of our family here.”
Killian shakes her head once more, as if to clear it. And all of a sudden, she throws up her hands in defeat, and shrugs. “So be it, then. I refuse to trouble myself about those two anymore. If they never come back to explain themselves, good riddance, I say. I’ll be better off without such uncaring and cold-blooded friends.”
Sylvana simply remains quiet and watchful, assessing her companion. And before she can utter a word, Killian Lovejoy decides to change the subject. “Well, what happens now? Obviously, The Flying Butterflies has become ancient history.”
Sylvana smiles at her and nods; understanding Killian’s reluctance to continue such a painful discussion. “Only for now; just until we can find two more flying trapeze artists that are just as skillful as your previous counterparts. In the meantime, you will serve only as one of my best acrobats within our Cirque du Triomphe troupe performances.”
“Fine with me, Sylvana. Should I go to where all of the acrobats are training, and find out if I can be useful with one of their new performances?”
That good lady says, “Why, yes, of course. By all means, please do so, my dear.”
“Good! Then, I’ll do just that.”
Still shaken by recent events, but endeavoring not to show it, Killian Lovejoy leaves the tent in one mad scramble. Sylvana Machiavellia; that regal and enchanting lady, watches Killian Lovejoy’s less than dignified retreat with interest, gives a secret smile, and focuses her attention once more upon the business accounting papers on her desk.
Chapter Five

Myth is sitting at his desk, writing, when there is a knock on the door. He stops writing and says, “Enter.” The door opens and Lars Voorhies, a loyal follower of Myth (with rich cocoa-colored hair and misty green eyes), enters the room. 
“Pardon my intrusion, Myth. But, I must speak with you.”
“Yes, what is the matter, Lars?” 
“May I speak frankly? 
Myth frowns, yet leisurely reclines in his chair. “Of course, if you really need to.”
“Well, I believe that Fiend intends to betray you.” 
Myth laughs, causing Lars to stare at him in confusion. “Thanks for the warning; however, I do realize this.” 
Lars frowns. “Do you?”
“Of course…nothing escapes my notice, Lars. What I always find interesting is how anyone believes that they can dupe me, of all people.” 
“But, is Fiend aware of this?” 
“What do you think?” 
Lars smiles at him, finally understanding Myth’s careless view of the situation. “No, silly question, I suppose. It is obvious that he is about to be tarred with the same brush of his duplicity.” 
Myth nods and smirks. “It would serve him right to be deceived as he intends deceiving me. Do not trouble yourself any further, my friend. I have plans for Fiend. He is simply on a very, very long leash.” 
“May he strangle himself with it.” 
“He will indeed.” 
Lars laughs and smiles wholeheartedly, imagining Fiend’s disastrous end. “I apologize for intruding, but I do thank you for hearing me out, Myth.” 
“Think nothing of it.”  
 “All right, well, I’ll be going. See you later.” 
“Yes. I’ll be seeing you.” 
As Lars closes the door behind him, Myth retrieves his pen and starts writing again.
Fiend’s Jilted Lover
A beautiful young woman named Della Fortune (with silvery-pale hair and violet eyes) is holding Fiend tightly in a lover’s embrace, as though captivated by him. Surprisingly, her ardor is having no effect upon him. He is returning the embrace, yet is lost in deep thought. Della frowns when she draws back to study his impressive countenance.
“Fiend?” 
He comes out of his reverie to look at her. “Yes, Della, what is the matter?” 
“I love you.” 
“So, you’ve told me.” 
“Yes...several times.” 
An uncomfortable silence ensues. Della frowns, then, speaks tremulously. “But, you don’t love me.” 
Fiend asks carelessly, “What is love?” 
“I’d like an answer.” 
Fiend shrugs. “All right, then. No, I don’t love you.” 
Della starts crying, but rubs her eyes quickly in hopes of hiding the embarrassing evidence of her inner turmoil. “Why are you being like this?” 
 “I can’t help it. My heart belongs to another.” 
Della angrily asks, “And may I ask the name of this paragon of virtue?” 
Fiend quickly removes himself out of her embrace. ”No, you may not.” 
“You don’t have a heart, Fiend! Why didn’t you tell me this before I fell for you? That would have been kind. I thought we were to be married. Why, I have never felt so insulted in my entire life! I’m leaving right now, before I do something we’ll both regret.” 
She starts to walk away, then thinks better of it and turns around to face him again. “And one more thing, do not ever come near me again!” Della strides toward the door, but just before she closes it behind her, Fiend delivers this parting shot. 
Mockingly he says, “I love you, too!” The door slams shut and Fiend laughs coldly. And then, Fiend mutters to himself, “Do what you want, as if I care.” 
Evian’s First Instruction
Evian is being escorted to the Sparring Room by both Exile and Raven. Exile halts before a door, then turns to face Evian. “This is where I must leave you. Raven shall escort you inside.” He bows slightly and says, “Until we meet again, Evian.” 
Nodding, Evian replies with, “Until we meet again.” 
Before Exiles leaves, he turns to face Raven. “Good day, Raven. I’m here if you need me.” 
“Of course, Exile. Good day to you.” 
After Exile takes his leave of them, Raven opens the door and motions for Evian to follow her inside. Evian complies and glances around the room, which is lit by a vast array of glittering candles. Raven and Evian approach a gentleman sitting Indian-style before them. And it appears as though he has been meditating. 
Raven glances at Evian who is wearing a somewhat perplexed look on his face, then speaks. “Hello, Kayo.” 
Kayo, (of Arab descent with dusky-blue eyes) opens his eyes and says, “Hello, Raven.” Then, he looks at their silent visitor. “Hello. I’ve been looking forward to this moment. Greetings, Evian.” 
Evian nods. “Greetings…I see you know who I am.” 
“Of course, I have been informed about you.” 
Raven interrupts with, “It is time for his first instruction.” 
Kayo smiles. “Certainly, Raven. The only question is, are you ready, Evian?” 
Evian wonders yet again if he is ready, but suddenly decides to cast all caution aside. “Yes, I think so.” 
Raven walks toward the door, intent on leaving, arousing Evian’s interest. 
“And where are you off to?” 
She turns to face him one more. “Kayo is your instructor, Evian. I shall only assist you when I am needed.” 
“Okay… well, I guess I’ll be seeing you around.” 
“Of course, you will. See you soon.” 
After Raven leaves, Evian turns to face Kayo once again. Kayo gestures toward the floor in front of him and says, “Please sit down.” 
“Oh, all right.” 
Evian proceeds to sit Indian-style before him on the floor. 
 “I shall be your instructor, Evian. But Raven, among others, shall assist you along the way.” 
“All right, that’s fine.” 
“However, it is important that I inform you that The Mystery Arts is merely a self-defense strategy we use to protect ourselves and help others. The Mystery Alliance was created for saving lives, so we try our best not to kill anyone. Understand?” 
“Of course, I do.” 
“All right, let’s get started. We shall begin by meditating. Are you acquainted with the art of meditation, Evian?” 
Evian shakes his head. “Regretfully, no.” 
“Not to worry. Close your eyes.” 
Evian closes his eyes and Kayo does the same; then starts instructing Evian and performing the meditation exercises at the same time. “Clear your mind. Take deep breaths. Breathe in…breathe out.” Evian performs the meditation exercises as he is being instructed. Soon, it is obvious that Evian is being lulled into a deep semi-conscious state. 
Evian meets other Instructors
Raven is leading Evian down a flight of stairs into a dimly lit cellar room. As they enter, Flaxen Pierce and husband, Dutch Pierce (with strawberry blonde hair and ice blue eyes), are caught in a lover’s embrace. Raven is obviously amused, but restrains herself from making snide remarks about having caught them in flagrante. 
“There you are, Flaxen. I thought I might find you both here.” 
Flaxen and Dutch, startled by Raven’s voice, quickly spring apart. Flaxen blushes prettily and begins straightening her clothes. “I wasn’t expecting you, Raven.” 
Evian chuckles softly and says, “Apparently not.”
Raven laughs and playfully punches Evian slightly on his shoulder. “That’s all right. I just came to introduce you. Evian, this is Flaxen Pierce and her husband, Dutch Pierce. Flaxen... Dutch... this is Evian Magi.” 
Flaxen and Dutch enthusiastically greet Evian, in unison, with a simple, “Hello.” 
Evian nods and says, “Hello. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” 
Dutch kindly says in return, “It’s nice to meet you, Evian.” 
Now that the introductions have been made, Raven decides to leave. “Sorry to intrude. Well, we are on our way to dinner. I thought Evian should meet you sooner rather than later. After all, you may be needed also to assist with his instruction, Flaxen.” 
Flaxen looks at Evian and presents him with a ravishing smile. “I’d be delighted to do so.” 
Remembering the times Flaxen has curiously asked about Evian Magi, Raven gives her friend a knowing smile. “Of course, you will. Let’s go, Evian.” 
“Okay, see you soon.” 
Dutch says, “Yes, we’ll be there.” 
As Raven and Evian leave, Flaxen and Dutch laugh hysterically, and then, start playfully caressing one another.
Chapter Six

Myth is sitting on their bed, receiving a shoulder and back massage from Persia, when there is a knock on the door. Myth says, “Enter.” Fiend enters the room and Persia is somewhat surprised and unsettled by this visit after their previous heated discussion. 
Fiend, delighted in causing her unease, says sarcastically, “So sorry to have disturbed you both.”
Myth gives their visitor a knowing smile. “What seems to be the problem, Fiend?” 
“Are there any new developments I should know about?”
“Nothing comes to mind.”
Deciding to cause their unwanted visitor some unease of her own, Persia deliberately tries to goad him. “A bit zealous, aren’t we?” 
Fiend frowns. “I don’t recall asking for your opinion.” 
With the increasing pressure Persia is placing on his person and her obvious discomfort, Myth begins to suspect something has happened between these two that he hasn’t yet been informed of. So, he decides to call an end to this little meeting. “That will be all, Fiend. Remember your manners. This is my lady with whom you are speaking.” 
Fiend rolls his eyes and replies with, “I do apologize, Myth. Have a good night.” 
Only Myth replies with, “Good night.” 
As Fiend leaves abruptly, slamming the door behind him, Myth gestures for Persia to keep massaging him. “He is a very unstable young man. It gives one pause.” 
Persia looks down upon him in a thoughtful manner. “Like Rain Kumulus, for instance?” 
Myth shakes his head at this. “Not exactly, Rain is loyal.” 
Persia frowns, trying to grasp his meaning. “What do you know that you’re not telling me…I wonder?” 
“What’s good for the goose is good for the gander. Isn’t that how the saying goes?” 
Persia gazes down upon Myth with much unease, afraid with this cryptic phrase that he has started to wonder about the hostile relationship between her and Fiend. Yet, she does not attempt to get any information out of him. She simply says, “I do wonder what you are insinuating, my love.” 
Myth smiles and says in a voice dripping with cynicism, “Time will tell, my dear. Time will tell. It always does.” Persia does not reply, but mulls over this obscure statement in silence.
Acrobatic Training for Evian
Very early the next morning, Kayo starts preparing Evian for some acrobatic techniques. “Evian, I am going to instruct you in the rudiments, or in the basics, of acrobatics.” 
“I’m ready when you are.” 
“All right…you are familiar with acrobatics, I take it?” 
Evian smirks. “Someone’s been talking. Who is it?” 
Kayo shakes his head and says, “It doesn’t matter. What matters most is your becoming adept at The Mystery Arts. And since I don’t think you’ll encounter any problems with acrobatics, I am now going to execute a backward somersault. Watch me closely.” 
Evian simply nods in response. 
Kayo then executes this maneuver with exceptionally fluid grace and phenomenal speed. Upon landing, his arms move in a graceful Kung-fu motion and stop in this position. Evian watches silently with highly appreciative fervor. 
“Amazing! What kind of martial arts stance is that?”
“It is called Praying Mantis Kung-fu. Only, do not focus on any martial arts techniques yet. First, you must prove yourself adept with acrobatics before you can move on to martial arts.” 
Evian is disappointed, but still feels supremely confident in his abilities. “Then, I am certain that when next we meet, I will be ready.” 
Kayo laughs. “You’re very sure of yourself.” 
Evian nods emphatically. “That I am.”
“All right, then, it’s your turn.” 
“Great, watch this...” 
Evian performs several backward somersaults in succession and as he lands, he mimics the Praying Mantis Kung-fu stance in which Kayo landed before. Kayo smiles, very impressed with Evian’s agility. “Excellent! Now, try this...” Kayo proceeds to execute several backward somersaults with some very impressive side-flips before landing in the same manner as before. 
Evian is undaunted by these superb feats of agility, and as Kayo lands, he says, “Watch and learn.” Kayo chuckles, and Evian proceeds to execute 7-backward somersaults plus several side-flips before landing, imitating Kayo’s Praying Mantis Kung-fu stance. 
Kayo claps his hands. “I am impressed. No wonder you are so confident. You have every reason to be.” 
Evian bows slightly, then, arches an eyebrow. “Is that all?” 
“Well now, don’t be too confident.”
“Why not?” 
In response, Kayo turns and performs 7-forward somersaults. Immediately after Kayo lands, Evian does the same 7-forward somersaults just as expertly as his instructor. Kayo shakes his head and smiles. “Astounding! I am proud to have you as a pupil.” 
Evian modestly says, “Thank you.” Yet, he is so excited that he can’t help but ask, “So, how about it-next session...martial arts?” 
Kayo chuckles. “You don’t give up, do you?” 
“Not on something I really want.” 
Kayo nods and says, “Very well, then. In our next session, martial arts it shall be.”
“Which kind?” 
He simply makes one monosyllabic reply. “Ninjitsu.” 
Evian fervently rubs his hands together, feeling as happy as can be. “I’ll be here.”
“I know you will.”
Myth’s Saboteurs
At Myth’s Lair, Lars Voorhies and Rain Kumulus (with black hair and violet eyes) are in the Sparring Room, engaged in an intense sparring session. Lars appears to get angrier by the moment and expresses his fury with each brutal attack upon Rain. Rain, breathing raggedly, yells, “Stop! Stop! Stop!” 
Lars immediately stops attacking him and frowns. “What’s your problem?” 
“You tell me.” 
“What are you talking about, Rain?” 
“Listen, don’t act like I’m the one that’s taken leave of my senses. You were the one who just tried to pummel me to death.” 
“All right, I’m sorry. Just leave it alone, will you?” 
“Leave what alone? What’s wrong, Lars?” 
Lars looks at him for a moment and says, “We are not friends.” 
Rain shrugs. “I do realize that. Nor was I asking for friendship. But, we do share similar beliefs when it comes to what matters most. Surely you’ve not forgotten that?” 
Lars shakes his head at this. “No, I haven’t. All right, well, what do you want to know?” 
“What’s troubling you, man?” 
“I think you can hazard a guess.” 
“Is it Fiend?” 
Lars nods. “Yes.” 
“Well, what’s he up to this time?” 
“I know that he intends to betray Myth. I just know it.” 
Rain smiles knowingly and attempts to help relieve his discomfort. “So does Myth.” 
Lars thinks about this and becomes frustrated. “And yet, he keeps him around.” 
Rain laughs. “Infuriates you, doesn’t it?” 
“You’d better believe it.” 
“I know what you need. You need something to distract you. And I know just the thing.” 
“What?” 
Rain positions himself in an exceptional Ninjitsu combat stance. “Finishing what you started, of course.” Lars sneers at him and prepares himself for the next onslaught. 
All of a sudden, Lars takes Rain by surprise as he aims a swift kick toward Rain’s chest. Rain successfully evades him however, and delivers a forceful blow toward his stomach. Lars rears back, but rights himself and they expertly resume their previous sparring session with much more enthusiasm than before. 
Chapter Seven

Delphi and Raven are in the gardens surrounding the chateau, picking flowers. Evian comes outside for a brief respite and notices the two of their bent forms. He is delighted to see that the ladies are engaged in such a pleasant past-time and decides to join their little gathering. 
When he approaches them, he says, “There you are, ladies.” 
Both women stand up and face their visitor. Delphi replies with, “Hello, Evian. Did you want something?
“Actually, I just came outside to unwind for a while. But, now that I think of it, there are some things that I have been meaning to ask you.” 
“All right, then. Wait one moment, please.” 
“Sure.’ 
As Delphi returns to her task, Evian turns his attention to Raven. Smiling, he says, “Hello again, Raven.” 
Raven glances at him. “Hello, there. You seem very cheerful today. May I ask the reason?” 
Evian simply shrugs. “Of course…it’s just that I think I have found my purpose in this world.” 
Raven smiles at hearing this. “You’ve made your decision, then.” 
“I have. So far, I’ve not yet discovered a reason to leave.”
“Have you already informed Machiavellia’s of your decision yet?” 
Evian nods. “Yes, Raven Hawk, I have. They weren’t happy to lose me, but I suspect they’ll get over it; in time.”
“And how are you finding The Mystery Arts?”
Evian’s face positively glows as he thinks about his progress with the innovative martial arts form. “Fantastic! I’m absolutely fascinated by it all.” 
Raven laughs. “Oh no, tell me we don’t another adrenaline junkie.” 
Evian frowns. “What do you mean by another? Who are you talking about?” 
Raven suddenly clams up and becomes evasive in answering his query. “That’s a story for another time.” 
Evian doesn’t say anything. He just studies her withdrawn features. 
Delphi has finished picking the flowers and approaches the pair of them. She hands the basket of flowers over to Raven. Raven takes the basket and murmurs, “Thanks, Delphi, I’ll take these inside. I’ll talk to you soon, Evian.”
Evian says, “I’m looking forward to it.” 
As Raven leaves, Delphi and Evian begin strolling down the garden path. “So, Evian Magi, what can I do for you?” 
“Oh, yes.” 
An attractive blush sweeps over his handsome face. “Well, you see, I have a personal question to ask you.” 
Delphi chuckles at this adorable display of his discomfiture. “Don’t be embarrassed, Evian. Go ahead…ask me.” 
“All right, then. Are you and Exile happily married?” 
“Why yes, we are.” 
“That’s good.”
“I suppose it is.”
Delphi suddenly stops walking and turns to face Evian. So, he stops in his tracks and looks at her. “Why did you want to know that?” 
“Well, all the couples here seem happily married. That’s quite rare these days, so I just thought I’d ask to make sure. I mean, I could have been imagining things.” 
“Yes, you could have. But, true emotions are easily discernable to those with insight.”
“I suppose you’re right.” 
“What’s on your mind, Evian?” 
“How did The Mystery Alliance manage to recruit international members?” 
“We don’t discriminate, love. We recruit members from all over the world.” 
“I see, but, there is something else that I’d like to know.” 
“And that is?” 
“It may seem silly, but... why are Mystics so beautiful?” 
“So, that is what mystifies you.” 
Evian laughs at such a silly pun. Delphi shakes her head. “I apologize. I was just having a bit of fun. You know, that is a matter which puzzled us for some time. However, we eventually came to believe that Mystics are simply a rare breed. Born of woman, yet utterly set apart from the human race.”
“Interesting.” 
“Yes, but, we also believe that if the heart of an individual is beautiful, then the individual will be beautiful.” Delphi shrugs. “Of course, some see it that way, yet others don’t.”
“What about Myth and his followers?” 
 “Well, they are also considered beautiful.” 
Evian smirks. “Kind of spoils your theory. Doesn’t it?”
“Not exactly, we believe that Myth was meant to be a good Mystic after all, instead of the villain he chose to become.”
“You’re talking about fate.”
“No, Evian, everyone has a purpose. Some fulfill theirs, while others choose a different purpose.” 
“Like, Myth Vaga, for instance.” 
“Yes, and as a consequence, his choice caused him to lead other Mystics astray from their true purpose. So, if the heart of an individual becomes corrupt, then the beauty of that individual simply becomes vanity. Doesn’t it?”
“You mean, ‘beauty is as beauty does’.”
“Something like that. What do you think?” 
“I honestly don’t know...perhaps.”
“It is a mystery, so we developed our own theories.” 
Delphi, becoming uncomfortable about something, starts fidgeting with her hands. Evian looks at her, wondering why she is suddenly looking so nervous. She clears her throat and says, “Evian, there is something that I must tell you.” 
“What is it?”	
“Well, I’ll just say it. Raven was sent to find you.” 
Evian frowns and stares at her. “Why? I mean, how could that be? I didn’t know any of you before I met Raven that night and came here. Or, so I thought.” 
“We have a mutual friend.” 
“Really? I don’t have that many friends.”
“That may be so, but I am certain that you know this person very well.” 
“Why all the mystery…? Just tell me who this person is.”
“I can do better than that. I’ll show you. Come with me, please.”
“Where?”
“Inside.” 
“All right, let’s go.” 
Gesturing, he says, “After you.”
Evian follows Delphi inside the chateau.
A Mystery Unfolds
Delphi and Evian make their way down a winding staircase. At the very bottom of the staircase is a door ahead of them. Delphi doesn’t knock; just opens the door and beckons for Evian to enter. Sparring sounds echo around them as they enter a rather grand room, evidently once having been a ballroom yet is now being used as a sparring studio.
Evian’s eyes follow the exceptional movements of a familiar Eurasian woman engaged in a heated sparring exercise with Kayo. Kacy and Kayo stop suddenly, once they realize that they are not alone. Evian is surprised at first then gives her a look filled with speculation. Kacy grins rather sheepishly at him with embarrassment. 
“Hello, Evian. It’s so nice to see you.” 
“Kacy? I don’t understand. Tell me how you came to be here.”
“That is a long story.”
“I’m listening. And I want the truth.” 
“All right, the truth is what I’ll give you.” 
Delphi interrupts by addressing a silent Kayo. “Kayo, let’s leave these two to talk.” 
“Of course, that was a good session today, Kacy.”
Kacy turns and smiles at him. “Thanks, Kayo, I try. I have had the best teacher.” Kayo slightly bows in response and proceeds to leave with Delphi, closing the door softly behind them. Kacy slowly faces Evian again with inner trepidation written all over her face. 
Evian frowns and gestures with a wide, sweeping motion of his hands. “Why didn’t you just tell me about all this?” 
“Well, I felt you needed someone else to tell you about The Mystery Alliance.” 
“What made you think that?” 
“You know, I didn’t want to chance losing our friendship. And because you’ve never taken me seriously since we met. I thought it best to let someone else tell you. Someone you could believe in.” 
Evian shrugs, as if not caring what her reasons for deceiving him were. “If you think that’s a justifiable reason.”
“You’re angry with me.”
“Well, I could have done without the subterfuge.” 
“I never meant to hurt you. Please forgive me, Evian, I’ve only ever had your best interests at heart.”
“You could have fooled me.”
“Don’t be like this, Evian. You’re such a dear friend to me. Won’t you please forgive me?” 
Evian laughs softly and says grudgingly, “Oh, I suppose so, Kace. Just don’t ever lie to me again.”
Kacy laughs in return. “I won’t…that’s a promise, especially after seeing how upset this deception made you.”
“That’s good, because I can’t trust anyone that lies to me.” 
Kacy nods. “Okay, I understand.” She looks at him thoughtfully, then asks, “Don’t you like it here? I love it.” 
“Yes, I find it all rather fascinating. But you, how did you find out about The Mystery Alliance?”
“Well, one day I met this bloke. I found him very considerate and kind. Not long after that, he brought me here.” 
Evian smiles at this. “I wonder who that was.” 
Kacy, intending to ignore this statement, just shrugs and says, “That’s personal.” 
Evian laughs again, but decides not to probe further. “So, you stayed for a visit like I did.” 
“Yes.” 
“I see. You know, we haven’t really been fair to Killian Lovejoy. To all intents and purposes, we’ve abandoned her…a good companion and friend.”
“I know, Evian, and I feel just awful. Maybe we should try to recruit her also.”
Evian Magi smiles at this suggestion. “She is a Mystic, then?”
Kacy smiles at her friend. “Of course, she is Evian. From the tone of your voice, I’m certain you already had such suspicions.”
Evian nods quickly and says, “Yes, I did. It occurred to me when you were explaining yourself that maybe that was why all of us connected as The Flying Butterflies. She also has the appearance of a Mystic, when I think about it.”
Kacy says sarcastically, “Such a smart guy, aren’t you? You’re right, of course. How do you think we should recruit her?”
“I have no idea, but I’m sure that if we put our heads together, we can figure something out.”
Kacy nods in agreement. “Okay, that’s a deal. Evian, listen...after that workout, I need to freshen up. How about we meet for dinner in 20 minutes? Then, we can talk some more, all right?”
“Sure thing, Kace, we can talk later.”
“Great!” 
As Kacy hurriedly scurries from the studio, Evian follows suit with a more leisurely pace.
Chapter Eight

Fiend is lying in bed, staring at the ceiling. There is a slight whisper of sound before a door closes softly. Fiend hears the rustle of a skirt and swiftly rises to a sitting position to find a most unlikely visitor, Persia Lago, standing in front of him. Fiend fairly sneers at her. 
“Well, what brings you here at this time of night?” 
“I need to speak with you.”
“Now, this is an interesting turn of events.”
“Please don’t be trite, Fiend. I have a favor to ask of you.”
Fiend scoffs and says, “You must be joking.” 
“No. I am not.”
“You’ve got a lot of nerve asking me for anything.” 
“I realize that.”
“Have you forgotten how shabbily you’ve treated me?” 
Persia grimaces and slowly nods; as though admitting to the deserved accusation grudgingly. “I’m sorry.” 
“Sure, you’re sorry.” 
After a moment, Fiend shrugs and says, “All right, we’ll play it your way. So, what’s this favor?” 
“It’s quite simple actually. I need your forgiveness.”
He arches an eyebrow at this. “Are you serious?”
“Very.” 
“Why do you even feel the need to ask for my forgiveness?”
“Because what we shared was special, even though it had to end.”
“No, that’s not true. You just wanted things your way…which doesn’t surprise me at all.”
Persia is aghast at this unjust accusation and starts getting riled, which is just what he wanted in the first place. She shakes her head and says, “You’re wrong, Fiend. I just felt very strongly, and still do, that Myth is the one for me. The only one. Besides, he was serious and you weren’t. Remember?” 
She rushes on, not waiting for a response. “Anyway, I do want to apologize for hurting your feelings. I know that I did, because of how suddenly I ended our relationship.”
“But, why Myth? Is it because he’s the ‘head honcho’ in charge of the Saboteurs? Do you only want men in positions of power and authority?” 
Persia sighs. “Of course not; he just is the one for me. Why can’t you accept that?” 
“You know why...because you are still my woman, Persia. And you always will be.” 
“No! Leave me alone, Fiend. Please, just move on with your life. Forget about me. I belong to Myth now and always will. Nothing, and nobody, can change that!”
“We shall see about that.”
Realizing that trying to reason with him has been a foolish mistake and a waste of time, Persia turns swiftly on her heel and runs away.
“Oh no, you don’t. Get back here. Get back here, now!” 
The door slams as if in response to his command. Fiend groans and lies down again, filled with rage. “I’ll get you for this, Myth, if it’s the last thing I do.” Fiend pounds the mattress in frustration, and then tries to get himself back in control. He closes his eyes and breathes in and out slowly, as though trying to relax with meditation. 
Learning the Art of Ninjitsu
Kayo is preparing to instruct Evian in the art of Ninjitsu. “Evian, I am going to explain the rudimentary components of Ninjitsu.” 
Evian, enthusiastic as always, says, “I’m ready, go ahead.” 
“All right, then; Ninjitsu is a superior martial arts form. Individuals that master it must become master sleuths. Silent, purposeful and most importantly, they must be undetectable.” 
Evian smiles knowingly. “Of course, it is the art of invisibility.” 
“Precisely, that is a key component. You, Evian, must relearn how to walk, move, and even how to think in order to be successful with Ninjitsu. First, I shall provide you with physical instruction. But, to become a true master, you must study manuals and various texts in-depth on the subject, to achieve an enriched understanding of the Ninja’s way of life. Shall I continue?” 
“Oh, yes. Please do.” 
Kayo is very pleased at Evian’s seemingly never ending fascination with every single component of The Mystery Arts. “Excellent! Now, to begin...” 
Kayo proceeds to take a combat stick from a wall post and hands it over to Evian. Evian takes a firm hold of the weapon and looks curiously at Kayo. “What am I to do with this?” 
“What else? Attack me with it.” 
Evian thinks about this; then shrugs. “Okay, if you insist.” Suddenly, he moves quickly to aim the combat stick toward Kayo’s head. Kayo expertly dodges the attack and takes a firm grasp of the weapon. 
Then, he hooks it behind Evian’s offending arm, and with his free hand, delivers a swift punch toward Evian’s back with only enough force to send him reeling. Evian immediately rights himself and turns to face him once more, with his hands positioned in the Praying Mantis Kung-fu stance. 
Kayo chuckles softly. “Did you like those maneuvers?” 
Evian smiles and says, “I certainly would have appreciated them better had I delivered them.” 
Kayo laughs again. “Of course…come here, Evian and stand beside me.” Evian complies with this request. 
“What next?” 
“I must demonstrate the basic moves of the Ninja. They are known for displaying very graceful, fluid...almost romantic movements.” 
“Yes, as in ballet-type movements?”
Kayo nods. “Something like that, because fluidity and grace are important. Watch closely as I demonstrate. Then, imitate my movements.” 
“Okay, I’ll do it.” 
As Kayo moves his arms forward and backward in the ways of the Ninja, Evian starts imitating them more graceful and fluid than most beginners would. 
Chapter Nine

Nightshade is on watch duty in the Control Room. The telephone rings and he quickly answers it. “Mystery Control.” He hears the distraught voice of Senator Gray Peters answering moments later. “Mystery Control, this is Gray.” 
“Receiving.” 
“We have a situation.” 
“Copy that.” 
Nightshade presses the enemy threat alarm, then, asks, “The situation?”
“Terrorists of questionable origin have abducted and are holding Sir Benedict’s son, Austin, and some of his schoolmates’ hostage.” 
“Location?”
“A most unlikely one.” 
Nightshade becomes irritated by his reluctance to confide in him. “Lo-ca-tion?” 
“The British Museum...the situation is critical. An execution is scheduled at 0400 hours.” 
“Negotiations?” 
“Terminated.” 
Nightshade is surprised and frowns at this news. “The intended victim?”  
Senator Peters sighs. “Austin Benedict.” Nightshade checks the time and responds, clearly annoyed. “Why weren’t we contacted before now?” 
“We believed the British Police force could handle things.”
“Yet, they proved inefficient.” 
“Unfortunately.” 
“Yes, for young Benedict. We only have 2 hours to complete this mission.” 
“Correct.” 
“We’re on it. Mystery Control signing off.” 
Nightshade ends the call before the senator can respond. Exile, Juno Vogel (a lovely lady with golden blonde hair and topaz-colored eyes), Kayo and Raven enter The Mystery Control Room, with Evian entering closely behind. Exile asks, “The situation?” Nightshade quickly enlightens his inquisitor. 
“Critical. Sir Benedict’s son, Austin, and some of his schoolmates have been abducted, and are being held hostage by an unidentifiable terrorist threat.”
“How many?”
“Unknown.”
“How long do we have?”
“About 2 hours, sir.” 
“Then, we’ll need our best recruits for this mission.” 
Nightshade nods. “Oh, yes.” 
Exile turns to face his recruits. “Juno.”
She steps forward and asks, “Yes, Exile?” 
“I want you and Nightshade to assemble your best recruits, but, only a small number of them. We don’t want large numbers that could make us easily detectable.” 
“Yes, Exile.” 
“Now, your team will function as strictly back-up for Raven and Kayo.” 
Together, Juno and Nightshade respond with, “Yes, sir.” Juno and Nightshade leave immediately to round up the necessary members for the back-up team. 
Exile turns toward Raven and Kayo. “Raven…Kayo, you know what to do.”
Raven says, “Yes, Exile.” Kayo bows slightly in respectful acquiescence. Both leave to prepare for the rescue mission. 
Evian, confused, speaks up. “Wait a minute. Aren’t I going?” 
Exile shakes his head. “No, Evian, not at this time.” 
“Why not now; I don’t understand?”
“Evian, you are only a beginner in The Mystery Arts. You are not yet an expert in anti-terrorism tactics.”
“Exile, I want to help.” 
“And you will, someday…but only when Kayo informs me that you are ready, not a moment before.” 
Evian, still eager to participate in this rescue mission, tries to speak up endeavoring to change Exile’s mind. “But...” 
Exile puts out a hand to silence him. “No buts, Evian.” 
And Evian, realizing that his mind is made up, reluctantly decides to accept this decision. “All right, but only this once. Next time, I plan on going no matter what is said.” 
Exile chuckles at this. “Agreed; you have the heart of a fighter. I don’t think I’d even try to stop you.”
The Rescue Mission
All participating Mystics are gathered together in the driveway outside the chateau. Raven speaks with raised voice so everyone can hear her. “Does everyone have their Stingers?” Everyone responds simultaneously with, “Yes!” 
And then, Kayo addresses everyone in the waiting milieu. “All right, everyone…Move out!”
The crowd responds with wild shouts of agreement and start marching away, in military formation, toward parked Hummer ATV’s. As they drive away, Exile and Evian continue to observe their progress via Live Video surveillance. 
Evian turns slightly to Exile and asks, “What are stingers?”
“Stingers are tranquilizer rifles.”
“I get it…stingers.” Must everything have a symbolic name for all of you?”
“As you will soon discover, it is better to have code names for everything utilized within our rescue unit.”
Suddenly, Nightshade’s voice echoes throughout The Control Room via Walkie-Talkie radio. “Exile, Mystery Air is taking off.”
“Copy that. Take care, son.”
“Will do…Mystery Alliance; signing off.”
Evian continues to display a fervent curiosity about everything even though he wasn’t allowed to participate. So, he asks, “Is that a jet airplane?”
“Yes, we require the fastest means of travel possible.”
“Do you ever worry about them?”
“No, I never need to worry about them. They are all experts in anti-terrorism combat techniques. That is why I do not allow inexperienced members to participate in these missions.”
“I see. Well, I may not be an expert yet, but I am getting there more and more each day. No need to trouble yourself, Exile. I’ll be ready quicker than you might believe.” 
At this over-confident statement, Exile turns to look seriously at him. “I want you to know that I believe in you, son. We are fortunate to have found you.”
Thank you…I’m glad to have been found.”
Outcome of the Rescue Mission
London, England:  Evening
Mystery Air lands in a field on the outskirts of Heathrow Airport. All of the passengers leave the jet airliner to move quickly towards several parked black sedans on a road beside the field. They get in and speedily drive away. The Mystery Alliance arrives at the parking lot located nearest to the rear side of the building. 
After exiting the vehicles, Raven and Kayo both signal for the back-up team to spread out in eagle formation. Then they expertly gain access to the rooftop through the use of grappling hooks. Once in place, Raven and Kayo use special Night-Sensory goggles to detect the terrorists’ actual positions. The location is pin-pointed and one of the terrorists is observed standing over a tearful Austin Benedict, teasing the child with food, while his cohorts laugh at the miserable youngster. 
Kayo gestures for Raven to see where their back-up team has assembled into position. They motion for them to attack the children’s captors. The back-up team responds swiftly by rendering several of the terrorists’ unconscious with their Stingers. Raven descends upon the lead terrorist, that hasn’t been rendered unconscious yet, and attacks him by successfully cold-cocking him unconscious. Kayo quickly descends and lands to stand directly beside Raven. He assists Raven with rescuing Austin Benedict and carries him outside. 
Juno and Nightshade, along with the rest of the back-up team, rescue young Benedict’s schoolmates and escort them outside. Upon reaching the front entrance, the former hostages are left to stand before the fountain. Raven speaks to each of them saying, “Wait here…the police shall arrive soon to take you home.” 
One of the children responds with, “We thank all of you, madam.” 
There’s no need to thank us. It was a pleasure being of service. Anyway, just wait here a few moments more, all right?” 
The child nods and says, “Yes, madam. We will sit on the edge of the fountain.”
“Yes, do that. Only be careful you don’t fall in.”
“Yes, madam.” 
 The Mystery Alliance gathers back together and proceeds to leave as silently as they arrived. True to Raven’s word, moments later some of the British Police come and escort the children to safety. Others place the now conscious terrorists in police custody. 
While en route to the airstrip, Nightshade uses his cellular phone to contact Senator Gray Peters again. 
“Gray, here.” 
“Mission complete. Targets are down. The police have the hostages.” 
“And the targets, I gather.”
“Yes, sir, they were rank amateurs.” 
“Good work, son. Thanks again, Mystery Alliance.”
“No problem. Mystery Alliance; signing off.” 
He ends the call just as they arrive at their destination. The Mystery Alliance, silently and purposefully, retreat back to their lone aircraft. 
The Victors Return Home
The Mystery Alliance has returned home after completing their mission. Their rescue equipment is always put away in The Storage Locker Room. Exile and Evian meet Raven, who is just closing her storage locker. Exile says, “Excellent work, Raven. Please pass on my compliments to your compatriots for a job well done.” 
Evian gazes at Raven with admiration in his striking eyes and says, “Everyone certainly excels at their craft here.” 
She smiles. “We have to. Anyway, they weren’t difficult to disarm…amateurs, if you must know.”
“Well, we won’t keep you. You must be exhausted by your labors.”
“Actually, I’m not very tired. But, I’ll retire anyway.”
“That’s a splendid idea. Goodnight, love.” 
“Goodnight, Exile…Evian.” 
Evian says, “Goodnight, Raven.” 
He turns to face Exile. “Well, I guess I’ll turn in also. Goodnight, Exile.”
“Goodnight, young man.” 
Evian leaves the room, with Exile following closely behind. 

Chapter Ten

Myth walks toward the dining room table with Rain in tow. He soon sits and gestures for Rain to be seated in the chair across from him. Rain complies, but frowns at Myth’s quiet demeanor. “Whatever’s the matter, Myth?” 
“Nothing…would you care for a cup of tea? I shall be having a cup.”
“No, thank you. Tea isn’t much to my liking.” 
“If you say so.” 
An entrancing maid enters the room carrying a pot of tea. She has hair the color of burnished bronze with tawny green eyes. Myth smiles pleasantly at the maiden. 
“Thank you, my dear.” 
“You’re welcome, sir. Would you like two cups?” 
She looks from one to the other expectantly. Myth gestures toward himself and says, “Just one cup, Enysse.” 
Enysse Dalmont nods and prepares the cup of tea to his liking. She places the cup before him and fills it to the brim. “May I prepare anything else for you, Myth?”
Myth sips his tea. “No, thank you very much. You always make the best cup of tea.” 
She bows slightly. “You’re always welcome. Goodnight to you both.” 
Myth and Rain speak simultaneously, “Goodnight.” 
After she leaves, Myth takes another sip of tea and looks pointedly at Rain. “The reason I wanted to speak with you is because I have a favor to ask.”
“All right, what is it?”
“I want you to keep a watchful eye on Fiend for me.”
“Why, as if I need to ask?” 
Myth laughs softly. “Yes, I knew you were suspicious of him, just as I have been.” 
“Who hasn’t been suspicious of him? Anyone that hasn’t, can’t have good instincts. A necessary requirement for a Mystic, I’d say.”
“Yes, just inform me if you notice anything odd about his behavior. Will you do this for me?”
“Of course, Myth…may I do anything else for you?” 
“No, Rain, just attend to that matter for me…thank you.” 
“You’re welcome.” 
Rain rises and repositions the chair before the table. “Good evening to you.” 
“Good evening to you, also.” 
Rain leaves Myth to enjoy his evening tea alone. 
Praying Mantis Kung-fu Techniques
In The Sparring Room, Kayo is in the process of instructing Evian in the Eight-Step Praying Mantis Kung-fu style. Kayo demonstrates the precise movements of this martial arts technique. Evian attentively and exuberantly observes, then, skillfully performs these superb movements. 
Kayo shows Evian a diagramed chart exhibiting the movements of the praying mantis insect. With this chart, he also demonstrates the similarity between Praying Mantis Kung-fu techniques and the movements of the praying mantis insect. After several tries, Evian executes the style with a surprising instinctive aptitude for Praying Mantis Kung-fu. 
Kayo watches Evian’s speedy progress with admiration and with the pride rather of a loving father for his child’s accomplishments. Once Evian completes the succession of movements, he looks expectantly toward his Kung-fu master.
Kayo smiles. “Well, Evian, it seems that with a little more training, you may be well on your way to becoming an expert.” 
Evian proudly nods. “You took the words right out of my mouth.” 
Kayo breaks out into hearty laughter, as though not being able to hold it in any longer. “You are quite something, Evian. I am so pleased with you.”
Evian smiles and says, “Thanks, I want to be the best that I can be.”
A Loving Interlude
Exile is gazing down below at the immense, yet beautiful countryside out of an enormous window from one of the chateau’s turrets. Delphi appears to soundlessly creep upon him from behind. As she moves to stand beside him, she speaks and startles him out of his reverie. 
“What an unexpected pleasure to find you here, Exile.”
“You startled me. I did not hear your approach.” 
“I’m sorry; I shouldn’t have tried to surprise you.”
“Never mind…Good evening, my love. Or should I have said, my chatelaine?” 
Delphi shakes her head in response to this teasing query. “None of that please, Exile. I don’t need a title.”
“I think that is one of the reasons why I love you so much…humility. You are so modest.” 
Delphi simply shrugs and says, “Oh well, that’s just my nature. Out of the limelight is the place I prefer most.” 
“I suppose so. Did you come here to be alone?”
“Perhaps I did before I discovered you here…but, not anymore.”
Exile, overjoyed, smiles at her. “I’m delighted to hear it.” He bends slightly and presses a light kiss upon her perfectly shaped lips. 
When he stops and lifts his head, Delphi speaks. “Do that again.” 
He arches an eyebrow and Delphi smiles. “Please.” 
Exile laughs and indulgently says, “Yes, dear.” Then, he holds her tight and starts kissing her slow and lingeringly. Delphi firmly grasps him by the nape of the neck. Their mutual passion grows. 

Chapter Eleven

Flaxen is sitting before her dressing-table mirror, smoothing her hair into an elegant French coil. Dutch is lying in bed, watching her practiced ministrations, with an amused expression on his face. “Why must you go? It is still very early.” 
“I have things to do.”
“For instance…?” 
“I must assist with Evian’s training.”
“Oh, I didn’t realize.” 
He is silent for a moment, then says seductively, “Come here.” Flaxen stops her ministrations, to gaze through the mirror at her beloved husband. 
She smiles. “No.” 
“Come here for a moment. I shan’t keep you long.”
“Do you really think I believe you?”
He speaks more insistently, “Come here!” 
She sighs, but complies with his wishes. “All right, I’m coming.” Flaxen walks purposely toward the bed. 
As she approaches his relaxed form, Dutch takes hold of her wrist and pulls her forward to lay sprawled over him. He holds her close after she falls softly onto him. “Now, you know I love you and just want some more time with you…why the melodrama?”
“I think it is I that should be asking you that question.” 
“All right, I give up. You look lovely this morning.” 
“So do you, my husband.” 
Dutch laughs at this comical statement. “I never knew a guy could be lovely.” 
Flaxen laughs, in kind. “Oh, you know what I mean.” 
“I suppose I do. When the battle’s over, let’s get married.” 
Flaxen frowns at him. “But, we already are married.” Suddenly, comprehension dawns and she smiles at him. “Oh, renew our wedding vows, you mean.” 
“Of course, what else did you think I meant?” 
“We haven’t been married for very long.” 
“I realize this. However, I am talking about a wedding to commemorate our love for each other.” 
“I see…that could even be our love theme.” 
“Of course, my darling, whatever you want.” 
Flaxen laughs happily. “Then, I do, my love. I do…I do.” She showers his face with excited little kisses. “I love you, my big strong man.” 
Dutch smiles contentedly. “I know, please stay.” 
Flaxen sighs sadly, resigned to her fate. “I would if I could, believe me, but, I cannot. They’re waiting for me and he must be thoroughly trained. We’ll finish this conversation later.” 
Dutch grudgingly gives his consent. “All right, you know what’s best.” 
Flaxen reluctantly extricates herself from his arms and starts to return to the dressing table. In midstride, she stops and turns to face him once more. “Actually, I’ll make it up to you later.” 
Her husband chuckles wickedly at this provocative statement. “I’ll hold you to that.” 
She blows him a kiss. “Not to worry, it’s a promise.” Flaxen sits before her bureau again and resumes attending to her lustrous locks. 
A Mystics’ Sparring Melee
Kayo, Evian, Raven and Flaxen are in The Sparring Room, engaged in quite a dynamic sparring exercise. Evian’s expert movements reveal his rapid improvement in the Mystery Arts within a very short period of time. 
Kayo attacks Evian, intending to strike him with a combat stick, but Evian effectively blocks this attack by moving to the side of the weapon and positioning his hands around Kayo’s striking arm. Evian then forces the weapon out of Kayo’s hand while Raven expertly attacks, executing a powerful punch towards his jaw.
Suddenly, Evian moves away from Kayo and grasps Raven’s striking arm. 
This time, she delivers a successful punch toward Evian’s torso, sending him reeling and stumbling backward until he lands sprawled onto the floor. Evian recovers from the attack quickly and retrieves the combat stick from the floor, performs a forward somersault to land in an impressive Praying Mantis Kung-fu combat stance. 
Flaxen points a deadly Stinger gun toward him and he evades this attack by grasping her striking arm, then using the combat stick to force the gun out of her hand. Evian now uses a closed fist and delivers a swift punch toward her torso, causing her to fall in a crumpled heap onto the floor. As he approaches her prostrate form, Flaxen stands. 
Once he closes the distance between them, Flaxen performs a flawless backward somersault to evade him. Evian gapes at her in awe. “Wow! I am impressed. You guys are fast.” 
Raven laughs and says, “You’re not so bad yourself for a beginner.” 
Kayo moves toward him and places a hand on his shoulder. “I am very proud of you, Evian. Your techniques are exemplary. You have successfully managed to fend off several opponents who also happen to be the best recruits the Mystery Alliance has to offer.”
Evian nods and exudes a demeanor of total self-confidence. “Of course, I told you before that I was made for this.” 
Flaxen approaches. “Do you want to have another go?” 
Kayo waves a hand, signaling dismissal. “Perhaps another time Flaxen, he needs to rest now.” 
She nods in obeisance. “Of course, as you wish, Master Kayo.”
Chapter Twelve

Rain and Fiend are currently engaged in a sparring session. Fiend attacks Rain with a combat stick aimed toward his face, but Rain ducks away from the intended blow. As Rain grasps hold of his striking arm, Fiend uses his free hand to deliver a grinding punch towards Rain’s jaw. Rain falls onto the floor, banging his head and is knocked unconscious.
Fiend moves forward to stand over Rain’s still body, wearing a malicious smile on his face. He speaks to Rain’s unconscious form. “I doubt that you will ever confront me again, Myth’s little conspirator.” 
He then bends over Rain and grasps him by his hair. He whispers in his ear, “I spared your life this time. That is, if you wake up.” He laughs cruelly, releases Rain’s hair and drops the combat stick beside his body and leaves. 
Lars’ Propositions Della
As Della is leaving her private quarters, she encounters Lars on his way to visit her. Surprised, she asks, “Did you want something, Lars?” 
“Yes, as a matter of fact. I was wondering if you would care to have dinner with me.” 
She frowns, perplexed. “Why?” 
“Surely you must know by now that I have had feelings for you from the first moment we met.” 
“Forgive me, Lars. But, to be honest, such a concept has never entered my mind.” 
“Yes well, perhaps you have been directing too much of your energies into that rogue, Fiend, to notice.”
Della gasps in outrage. “How dare you! My personal life is no concern of yours.” 
Undeterred, Lars persists in upsetting her composure. “I suppose that is the kind of bloke you prefer.” 
Della gasps, outraged. “I find your innuendos insulting, to say the least. Now, if you will excuse me...”
As she starts to leave, Lars blocks her path. “Just one more thing, love; I don’t think you realize just who you are turning down. I am a trusted friend of Myth. I am offering you a chance to share in that.” Lars turns away, and then suddenly swivels to face her once more. 
“I want you to remember something. Fiend is nothing but a scoundrel… a traitorous scoundrel, at that. I shall leave you to think on these matters. Good evening to you.” He then walks away, leaving Della staring, confused, at his retreating form.

Evian studies Ninjitsu
Evian is in his private quarters, studying a manual on Ninjitsu combat techniques. There is a sudden knock on the door. Evian looks toward the door and says, “Come in.” 
Kacy enters the room. “Good afternoon, Evian.” 
“Good afternoon.” 
“How are things, Kacy?”
“Great, now that I’ve seen you again.”
Evian scoffs. “Don’t make me laugh, you flatterer.” He gestures toward the end of the bed. “Come over and sit down.”
“Thanks, I don’t mind if I do.” 
After she sits down on the bed, she glances curiously at the manual Evian’s still holding onto. “So, what do you have there?” 
“Oh, it’s just a manual on Ninjitsu combat techniques.” 
“Are you finding Ninjitsu to be your favorite form of self-defense?” 
“No, actually, I love every single aspect of the Mystery Arts. But, as of now, I am working hard on becoming a master sleuth.” 
“That’s excellent, Evian! You are going to become quite an accomplished Mystic.” 
“You think so, Kace?” 
Kacy nods enthusiastically. “Oh yes! I just know it.” 
“I think so, too.”
She laughs at the rapt expression on his face. “I can tell there’s no need for me to ask if you’ll be staying on.” 
“Absolutely no need at all.” 
“Good; I’m so happy you decided to stay on. Now, we really will be a family. No…scratch that. We already are.” At this, K.C, leans forward, kisses him on the cheek, and strokes his hair. 
Evian says, “Of course, we are Kace.” 
Myth’s Request
Within the dark and menacing realm of Myth’s Lair, Lars is in his private quarters, practicing some Martial arts moves. Myth suddenly enters, unannounced. “Hello, Lars. Am I disturbing you?” 
“No, you could never disturb me, Myth.”
“I must speak with you.”
“What’s the matter?”
“Nothing’s the matter. Actually, I came to ask a favor of you.” 
“Well, whatever it is, I’m sure I can oblige.”
“I want you to handle things here for a little while. I have a journey to make, so while I am away, you are in charge.” 
Lars arches his eyebrow at his master and frowns. “This journey sounds rather mysterious.” Myth bestows such a look of menacing warning at him that Lars hurries to pacify his wrath. 
He gestures in a placating fashion. “All right, I will be happy to oblige you, master. Anything else you might be requiring of me?”
“Yes, there is. Keep an especially sharp eye on Fiend while I am away. Potential folly lurks in the path of that one. Mark my words.” 
“It will be my pleasure to do so.”
“Thank you, Lars. I knew that I could count on you.”
“Yes, now, go on. Don’t trouble yourself about a thing.” 
“I don’t intend to.”
A Disturbing Visitor
Meanwhile, at Haven’s Wing, Raven is sitting in bed, watching a movie. There is a knock on the door. She uses the DVD remote to stop the film. “Come in.” 
Flaxen enters. “Hi, Raven, are you busy?” 
“Well, I was watching a movie.” 
“Anything interesting?”
“Perhaps.” 
Flaxen becomes wary at her friend’s seemingly unwelcoming demeanor. “Do you want to be alone?”
“Yes, if you don’t mind. I don’t want to appear rude, Flaxen.” 
“All right, then. I’ll go.”
As she turns to leave, Raven asks, “Wait…what did you want?” 
“I just wanted to know how you’ve been doing.”	
“Oh, I’m doing well, thanks. There’s no need to worry about me.” 
“That’s good to know. By the way, how are you and Evian getting along?”
Raven smiles knowingly at her friend. “We’re getting along fine.” 
“Fine?”
Raven becomes exasperated with her and says in warning, “Don’t even think about it.” 
“What?” 
“You know very well, what. Don’t even try setting me up with Evian.” 
“Why not?”
“Okay, because I’m not interested in getting involved with anyone. And neither, I suspect, is he.” 
Flaxen sighs in defeat, and shrugs. “All right, I’m leaving. Take care of yourself.” 
“You too, Flaxen.”
After Flaxen closes the door softly behind her, Raven settles down again to continue watching the movie. She is so focused on the movie that she does not notice the slight sound of the door opening and closing, which heralds Myth’s unexpected appearance before her. He smiles in triumph, as though congratulating himself on catching her off guard.
“At last...” 
Raven looks up, startled, and gasps. 
“...we meet again.” 
After stopping the film, she quickly alights from the bed, to come around and bravely face him head on. “What are you doing here?” 
“I should think that was obvious. I came to see you.” 
“You’ve got a lot of gall coming here.”	
“Yes…sheer, unadulterated gall, I’d say.”
“What do you want, Myth?”	
“Well, to be perfectly honest: you.” 
“Over my dead body…”
Myth laughs wickedly and clasps his hands before him. “That can be arranged, you know. But, why would I want to hurt you? You’d make an exceptional pupil. And don’t for one second think that I meant anything else. I already have a willing woman to share my bed, Raven dear.” 
Raven smirks at him. “You only have one woman, Myth? How sad! Losing your sex appeal already, I see.”
“Hardly, I actually prefer one to a dozen love-starved concubines. Too many partners complicate one’s life. And I cannot abide with complications.”
“Of course not…too busy plotting against us to have time for such trivial pursuits.”
“You’ve discovered my reasons exactly, my dear. As I’ve always said, you’ve always understood me so well.” 
Raven throws up her hands in disgust. “Oh, just get on with your purpose for coming here, Myth, why don’t you? Then, leave.” 
Myth frowns. “You can’t mean it.”
“Of course, I mean it.”	
“No, surely you realize how talented you are.” 
“Of course, but just what makes me so special to you, I wonder?” 
“Well, since I believe you are the best fighter here, I came to recruit you.” 
“Don’t you mean, corrupt me?” 
He simply shrugs at this and does not reply. “As a matter of fact, I’m not the best fighter here.” 
Myth waves his hand in a dismissive gesture. “Spare me the boringly trivial details about the newest recruit, Evian.”
“So, you do know about him.”
“I have learned that his training is coming along nicely. However, he will never be a match for me.” 
“And just what makes you think that?” 
Myth bestows a pitying look upon her. “I have my sources.”
“So, you’ve been spying on us. How typical, but that doesn’t frighten me. Not one iota.”
“That’s not very wise of you.”
“You really don’t believe anyone can defeat you.”
“I do not.”
“This conversation is over. Goodbye, Myth.” 
“Tsk, Tsk, Tsk. Where are your manners?” 
“Apparently, none exist where you are concerned.” 
Undeterred, Myth reaches out and strokes her cheek. “I say again, join us.” 
Raven angrily smacks his hand away. “No! Don’t touch me. If you don’t leave right now, I’m going to inform Exile of this meaningless little visit.” 
Myth scowls at this. “Very well, then.” 
“What is the matter, Myth? Afraid of something…? Or someone?” 
“Not likely. I just despise the sight of traitors.”
“Yes. I’m sure you must find it difficult using mirrors.” 
“You persist in trying to anger me. It won’t work.” 
Raven responds snidely, “How disappointing.” 
“I must go.” 
“It’s about time.” 
“Give my best to Evian. Won’t you? I shall be very pleased when we emerge victorious in the battle to come.”
“In...your...dreams.”
He laughs and says, “Until next we meet.” 
“Get out of here!” 
Myth leaves, surprisingly taking the time to close the door softly behind him. Raven returns to sit on her bed, staring thoughtfully into space, obviously pondering the rather bizarre events of the evening. 
A Disappointed Master Returns Home
Myth has just returned home. Upon his arrival, he is met in the living room by Lars. Myth sits on a plush sofa. Lars watches him silently before speaking.
“Good evening, Myth. Did you have a pleasant journey?” 
“The trip itself went well. The arrival proved uneventful, however.”
“What can you mean?” 
“I really don’t care to discuss it, Lars. Have you seen Rain?” 
“Yes, I have.” 
“He is keeping Fiend under close scrutiny, I take it?” 
Lars frowns at this, feeling hurt. “Did you request this?” 
“Of course, I did.”
“I see…Well then, he must be.” 
Myth notices that Lars is offended by this admission and watches him with narrowed, speculative eyes. “There is no need to take offense. I simply entrusted both of you to do this for me. My asking Rain does not mean that I do not trust you.” 
“No?” 
“Definitely not, Lars…you are my good friend.” 
“All right, then, if you say so.”
Myth stands and starts pacing the floor. Lars wonders why Myth appears worried about something. “Is something wrong, Myth?” 
Myth stops pacing and glances at him. “Yes, actually, there is.” 
“Did she refuse you?” 
He warily looks over at Lars. “She?” 
“The lovely Raven Hawk.”
Myth slowly smiles at his old friend’s accurate assessment of the situation. “Now, aren’t you clever? And just how did you know that I visited her this evening?” 
“Well, you’ve always had an eye for her.”
“For her talent, Lars, that is all.” 
“But, she is not one of us.” 
“Yes well, I was hoping to change all that.”
“There’s still time.” 
“Yes, there is…once the battle is over, we can take hostages, if necessary.” 
“Precisely, then Raven will have no choice, but to accept your proposition.” 
“Thank you, Lars. This little chat of ours has laid my mind to rest.” 
“I thought perhaps, it might…until tomorrow, then.” 
“Yes, until tomorrow.” 
Myth leaves the room, intent on going to bed. Lars turns off the lights and decides to go to bed, also. 
Chapter Thirteen

Evian is in the Sparring Room with Kayo, undergoing another rigorous sparring session. Evian has surpassed all of his training instruction within the Mystery Arts. It is as though one is observing an expert at his craft. 
Kayo and Evian are positioned in Praying Mantis Kung-fu combat stances. Kayo attacks Evian by using his foot to sweep him off of his feet. Evian falls onto the floor, swiftly stands up and completes 3 backward somersaults in succession. 
After landing, Kayo approaches Evian and delivers the 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu (punch) sequence. Evian evades this attack by ducking under these punches and executing a strong, swift kick towards Kayo’s torso. Kayo falls down hard, but stands immediately and performs a Side-Flip to take hold of a combat stick. 
Kayo then attempts to attack Evian with the weapon, but Evian again successfully evades him by moving to the side of the blow and positioning a hand around the striking arm. He places so much pressure onto Kayo’s arm, that he must drop the weapon. Next, Kayo attempts to elbow Evian in the jaw, but Evian takes hold of the elbow and delivers a bruising punch onto his jaw. 
Kayo stumbles backward and before he can right himself, Evian uses his foot to sweep him off of his feet. Once Kayo falls onto the floor, Evian places his foot in a powerful Choke-Hold maneuver onto his neck, rendering him powerless. Evian arches his eyebrow at him. “Do you yield?” 
Kayo nods and speaks with a weak, gasping sound. “Yes.” 
Evian removes his foot and helps Kayo to stand. “I can get used to this.” 
Kayo laughs. “I believe you already are.” 
Evian, once exuberant with happiness, suddenly frowns at him after hearing these words. “What do you mean?” 
“Look, sit down, my friend. We must talk.”
“Talk?” 
“Yes.” 
Kayo sits down and Evian sits across from him. “What is it?” 
“Myth Vaga.”
“What about him?” 
“He is getting bold. He actually came here.” 
“How come I didn’t know about this?” 
“He came to visit someone else, that’s why.”
“Whom did he visit?” 
“Raven.” 
“I don’t understand, Kayo.”
“Welcome to the club, son. No one understands Myth. He is not exactly a ‘creature of habit’. Unpredictability is one of the qualities that make him so dangerous because one can never tell what he will do from one day to the next.” 
“Yes, well, he obviously doesn’t scare easily.” 
“Look, Evian, I want you to know just how rash Myth is. He is capable of coming here at anytime. You do realize that the day is rapidly approaching?” 
“You’re referring to The Day of Battle? Yes, I realize this.”
“Evian, you have excelled both quickly and expertly in The Mystery Arts. You remind me of Raven, when I instructed her.”
“Yes, I’ve seen her skill. I’ll bet she was quite a pupil.” 
“Superb, just like you. You have become an accomplished Mystic, Evian.” 
“Thank you, I really appreciate that. By the way, how is K.C. faring with her training?” 
“Very well, in fact.” 
“Great! I’m pleased to hear it.” 
“Well, I have more news that should please you. Your training is complete.” 
“Yes, I wondered if that was what you were hinting at earlier. Don’t you think that it’s a little too soon for my training to be over?”
“No, I don’t. Not to worry, you have all the skills needed to win the battle ahead.” 
Evian frowns at him. “How can you be so sure?” 
“Evian, I have much experience at this. You are ready. I have no doubt about that. Neither should you have any doubts.”
“All right, so, what am I to do now?” 
“Simply perform your training exercises each day until the day is at hand. And if you feel it is necessary, get someone to spar with you occasionally. That is all.” 
“Thanks, maybe I will.”
“I hope you will do so.” 
“I wonder what Myth will try next.”
“We shall see what tomorrow brings.”
Speculations over Myth’s Surprise Visit
Delphi and Exile are meeting with Raven in their private quarters to discuss Myth’s bizarre appearance at the chateau. Delphi is outraged at Myth’s disruptive invasion of their own privacy. “The audacity of the man…!” 
Raven nods. “My sentiments, exactly; and exactly what I told him.”
“I don’t understand, Raven. Why did you not send for me when he was here? I would have personally shown him the door.”
“I don’t believe Myth would have let me send for anyone.” 
Delphi says, “I agree, he would have stopped her. That’s his way.” 
“Besides, Exile, the best person to deal with Myth is Evian.” 
“You’re right…he has proven himself to be much stronger and faster than any of us.”
Delphi glances at Raven and frowns at her. “What did Myth want?”
“He wanted to recruit me into his organization.” 
Delphi gasps and Exile shakes his head at this evidence of Myth’s gall. “And you declined, of course?” 
“You’d better believe it. I dedicate myself to saving lives, not destroying them.” 
Delphi nods in agreement. “As do we all.” 
“Well, if there isn’t anything else, I’ll take my leave of you. I have some things to attend to.” 
Exile says, “Yes, that is all for now.” 
As Raven leaves, Delphi and Exile stand looking at her with pride and admiration. 
Another Secret is Unveiled
Evian and Raven are eating dinner together, along with Juno, Nightshade, and Kacy. Flaxen and Dutch have just joined them. Evian puts his fork down when he sees them. “Hello.” 
Dutch and Flaxen simultaneously echo, “Hi, Evian.” 
Kacy uses this moment to compliment her dearest friend. “I am so proud of you, Evian. I hear from Dutch and Flaxen some wonderful things about your progress.” 
Evian looks from one of the pair to another with a curious expression. “You told her?” 
Dutch smiles at Evian. “Truly, you’ve done well in such a short time.” 
“Then, I suppose you know that I have completed my training?” 
Kacy gives an ecstatic shriek upon hearing this news. “You have?” 
Raven nods and says, “Oh yes, he has.” 
“Amazing! This is wonderful news. Congratulations, Evian.”   
“Thanks, Kace.”
Kacy turns shining eyes onto Nightshade. “Isn’t that wonderful, Nightshade?” 
Nightshade reaches for her hand and holds it tenderly. “Yes it is, love. Congratulations, Evian.”
“Thanks.” 
Evian watches both of them closely. “Am I missing something here?” 
Raven intercedes on their behalf by saying, “I believe you are.” 
“Meaning?” 
“Just that Kacy and Nightshade are involved.”
Evian looks over at Kacy. “Is this true, Kace?” 
Kacy blushes prettily. “Why, yes. We are.” 
Evian suddenly realizes something and glances at Nightshade. “Of course! I should have known. You’re the Mystic that recruited her.” 
Nightshade nods. “I did.” 
“Uh huh. So, how did you fancy that gold gown?” 
“Loved it.”
“So did I.” 
Kacy laughs at this humorous byplay. “Stop being silly, you two.”
She decides to change the subject. After glancing over at Flaxen, she says, “So, how’s married life, Flaxen?” 
“Wonderful. Dutch and I have decided to renew our wedding vows.” 
Congratulations are uttered by everyone within hearing of this announcement. Flaxen looks like as ecstatically happy as a bride on her wedding day. “Thank you all for your kind words.”
Dutch kisses his wife on her rosy cheek. “Yes, thanks, everybody.”
Raven decides to extend some more heartfelt wishes. “May you live long and happy lives together.”
Dutch utters, “We shall endeavor to do so.” 
Raven smiles knowingly. “I’m sure you will.” 
There is merry laughter and good-feeling being shared within their little gathering of friends. 
Chapter Fourteen

Della is in her private quarters, making entries into her daily journal. There is a loud knock on the door. Della stares at the door before speaking a hesitant, “Come in.” Fiend enters the room. Della drops the journal and stands to face him. 
“Get out!”
Not fazed by this command, he simply says, “Hello, my love.” 
Della scowls at him. “I am no such thing. Now, get out!” 
“Listen, Della, I came to apologize.” 
“Sure. You’re a liar, Fiend. Just go…leave me in peace.” 
“All right, so, you’re angry. But, please listen to me.” 
“Of course, I’m angry. You tried to use me.”
“Even if you don’t believe me, I am sorry for hurting you.”
“Why? Because you failed to win back your true love and she won’t have you? Not surprising, really. Myth is gorgeous.” 
Fiend stares moodily at her. “What do you know about it?” 
Della smiles pityingly at her unwanted guest, knowing she has succeeded in riled his composure. “I know enough to know that I won’t let you use me.” She sniffs in disgust. “I’m not your consolation prize.” 
“Now, you’re being ridiculous.”
“Am I?” 
“Yes.” 
“Well, then, prove me wrong.” 
“All right, I’ll begin by telling you the truth.” 
Della steeling herself against any lies he might utter, simply nods and says, “Go on, then.” 
“At first, I did want to make use of you. I admit that.” 
“I knew it.”
“But, after I thought about everything, I realized just how wrong I’d been.
“Continue…I want to hear all of it.”
“No one should ever be used, especially not someone like you. You’re too kind to be treated that way. And I feel awful for what I’ve done.” 
“You’d never in a million years admit to any wrongdoing. You must be lying.”
“I am not. I mean what I tell you.”
Della begins to weaken, but attempts to hide it by turning away from him. “Leave, Fiend. I don’t want to talk to you anymore.” 
“Well, now who’s lying?” 
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Of course, you do.” 
Fiend approaches her, and then turns her around to face him once more. Della struggles against this embrace. “Take your hands off me, Fiend!” 
“No! Listen to me. I have never said these words to any woman before in my life. I am sorry. Please forgive me, Della. I won’t ever hurt you again.” 
She stops struggling and he lets her go. She swivels around to face him. “Why should you want my forgiveness, now?”
“Well, because I want another chance with you, Della. No, strike that. I need another chance.”
“I…I don’t think I can give you another chance.”
“Yes, you can, Della. I am certain that we belong together. We are so much alike.” 
“I used to think so.”
“Can we not try again? Please, love.” 
Della is astonished at the seemingly changed man standing before her. “I’ve never seen you like this before.”   
“Yes, well...don’t get used to it.”
She chuckles and Fiend smiles in return. “Say you’ll forgive me, Della.”
Della shrugs. “I suppose so.”
“Thank you. You won’t regret it.’” 
“I had better not.” 
Fiend kisses her. After he ends the kiss, Fiend gives her a loving hug. Staring off into space; Fiend smiles maliciously, with satisfaction, at having obtained his goal. 
Mapping the Potential Battle Area
Kayo and Delphi, along with Exile, have been making preparations for the upcoming battle. They are in The Control Room surveying a map. Delphi points to a certain area on the map. “Are you quite sure that we should stop there?” 
Kayo nods and circles a perimeter area from the location that Delphi has just asked about. “Yes. If we position ourselves here, there is a good chance that Myth and his compatriots will meet us across the way...most likely there.” 
“What makes you think that?”
“Well, from looking over the terrain that is definitely the most logical place to meet our opponents. That is, once they leave Myth’s Lair to confront us.” 
Exile says, “I concur with your ideas, Kayo. I believe that is a logical conclusion.” 
   “Splendid. Uh, I have other matters to attend to. So, is there anything else we need to attend to?”
Exile shakes his head. “No, that will be all, Kayo.” 
“All right. By the way, what time do you think we should arrive there?” Exile looks pointedly at his wife. She smiles and says, “About three hours before sunset.” 
Kayo nods in agreement. “That will do. Good afternoon to you both.”
Delphi and Exile speak simultaneously. “Good afternoon.” 
The door closes behind Kayo’s retreating figure. Delphi faces her husband. “Everything is set. So, we only have a 3-day wait.”
“Yes, my love. May we emerge victorious.” 
“We shall. I haven’t any doubts about that.” 
Exile leans forward and places a light kiss on her forehead. 
A Mystic Couple’s Passion
Myth is in his study reading a book, when the study door opens and Persia enters. “Good evening, my love.” 
Myth stops reading and sets the book aside for a moment. “You’re up rather late. Aren’t you?” 
Persia shrugs. “No later than you are. I couldn’t sleep.”
“Why not?” 
“Because you weren’t beside me.” 
“How touching.” 
“It should be. Don’t you know by now, you are my heart’s desire?” 
He says, dripping with sarcasm, “You move my heart.”
“If that were possible.”
Myth laughs outright at this. “Very amusing; I shall be joining you soon.”
“How soon?” 
“Soon enough.”
Persia blows a kiss at him. “I can hardly wait.” 
“Some things are worth waiting for.” 
Persia chuckles and decides to retire for the night. “I sincerely hope so.”
Without another word, Persia leaves the room. Myth smiles wickedly and returns to his book. 
An Overconfident Master
Inside The Sparring Room of Myth’s Lair, Myth is performing a combination of both Ninjitsu and Praying Mantis Kung-fu stretching exercises. His exquisite poise and form are exhibited in each graceful pose. A glistening sheen of perspiration is revealed on each exposed part of his superb body. 
As he exercises, he recalls past events and voices form the past echo through his mind. He begins imagining victory over The Mystery Alliance, in the battle to come. Myth smirks, as he envisions defeating his enemies. Suddenly, he stops exercising and makes preparations to leave.
Chapter Fifteen: The Day of Battle

The members of The Mystery Alliance have assembled outside Haven in the courtyard. Kayo and Raven stand before the waiting throng of Mystics. Kayo starts to speak. “Please listen everyone. Raven has something to say.” 
Raven says, “I know you're nervous. Marching off into the unknown is always difficult. But, we shall be victorious, because as Exile has said before, "In the end, good always overcomes evil".” 
Exile smiles at this and Raven, having finished her speech, moves to stand beside Exile. Kayo moves forward to take Ravens place before the crowd. “I shall be brief. Everyone knows what to do. Stand and face your opponent without fear. Do everything in your power to preserve life. That is what it means to be a Mystic.” 
Kayo turns towards Evian and asks, “Do you have anything to add, Evian?” 
Evian nods tentatively and Kayo steps aside, to make room for Evian to stand before The Mystery Alliance and speak. “Please listen to me. I realize that when I first came here, I was “The Unenlightened One” because I didn't know anything about rescuing others. 
But, after some time passed, I knew exactly why I was so fascinated about your way of life. The Mystery Alliance is not only about saving lives. It is also about friends, coming together as a family, united for a great cause. Now, I, for one, cherish that. He questions them with raised voice, “Don't you?” 
The waiting crowd of Mystics agrees, and applauds thunderously. 
“All right, then.” Evian gestures, and shouts toward the assembly, “LET'S GO!” Exile, Evian, with Kayo and Raven beside them lead the way as The Mystery Alliance marches forward in hopes of meeting up with Myth's Saboteurs. 
Myth Speaks Before His Followers
Moments later, Myth’s Saboteurs are assembled and waiting for Myth’s instructions. Myth stands before the assembly and delivers his speech. “The time has come to face those which dare to oppose us. Exile is the most, vile traitor that I have ever known. He rebelled against me and tried to destroy my dream of leading The Mystery Alliance.”
Myth’s voice grows with greater vehemence as he continues speaking. “So, now is the time for Myth’s Saboteurs to show Exile and all of his followers what we do to traitors.” He glances over the entire assembly and asks loudly, “Is everyone ready?” 
Everyone within the assembly echoes loudly in agreement…“YES!”
“Then, what are we waiting for?” He points toward where they should march and shouts, “MOVE OUT!” As Myth leads his followers away from the villa, Persia, Lars, Rain and Fiend follow closely behind. 
Opposing Sides Face Off
Each group stands before the other as they meet across a lush, green meadow. Myth walks determinedly towards where Exile and Evian are standing.
“We meet again, Exile. Although, under most unpleasant circumstances for you. I have been longing to dispatch you, and your friends, out of existence.” 
Exile smirks of this arrogant display of bravado. “I don’t doubt it. Well, here’s your chance.” 
Myth nods and says, “Indeed.” He glances over at Evian with disdain and shakes his head at him. “So, this is the notorious Evian. You don’t look like much to me.” 
Evian, unfazed by this insult, says, “That’s funny. I was just thinking the same thing about you.”
Fiend, impatient with this meaningless banter, shouts, “Enough with this chit chat! Just send the pretty boy over.” 
Evian gestures confidently toward Fiend. “Come and get me, if you can.” 
As Fiend makes a move toward Evian, Myth grasps him by the arm, to stop the impending attack. “No, Fiend. Wait your turn. He’s mine.” 
Fiend turns on Myth with a haughty look of disdain. “Who says?” 
Myth, trying hard to keep his temper in check, says, “I say.” 
Evian laughs outright at this revealing interchange. “You should really recruit more obedient followers.” With this statement, all of the members of The Mystery Alliance erupt into hearty crescendos of laughter. 
Myth becomes exceedingly riled for having been laughed at. “And you 
should be more concerned about your own welfare.”
Evian smirks. “I’m shaking in my boots.” 
“You soon will be, when I wipe that silly smirk off your face.”
Suddenly, Dutch steps forward and gestures toward Fiend. “Why not fight me? I’ll give you the battle of your life.” 
Fiend decides to accept the challenge. “Why not? You can’t be much.”
Dutch scoffs and says, “You’re certainly about to find out.”
Next, Persia steps away from where Myth’s Villainous Force is gathered to stand beside Myth. “I want the dark beauty, my love. She wears an expression I do not like.” 
Raven smiles and asks, “What expression is that?” 
“Confidence; far too much of it, I think.” 
“Make a move, then. I’m not afraid of you.”
“You will be.” 
Persia looks pointedly at Myth for confirmation. “Is it time?” 
Myth nods. “So be it. Let the battle commence.” 
As everyone is positioned for battle, Myth grasps Lars’ shoulder. “Defeat him, but do not kill him. We’ll be needing hostages.” 
“As you wish, Myth.”
Myth looks over at Persia and catches her eye. “The same goes for you, my love.” 
Persia sighs, but gives in grudgingly. “Oh, all right.” 
Raven gestures toward her opponent. “Come on.” 
Persia confidently smiles and accepts the challenge. “Certainly!” 
Chapter Sixteen: The Finale
 
Persia suddenly attacks Raven with a combat stick. Raven moves to the side of the impending blow and grasps hold of the striking arm. Before she can do anything else, Persia punches Raven in the jaw. Raven stumbles, but quickly performs a backward somersault. 
Persia approaches Raven speedily and aims a powerful punch toward her torso. Raven knocks her hand away and delivers a swift kick toward Persia’s torso. Persia falls onto the ground from the onslaught... 


Evian and Myth position themselves in impressive Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu stances in preparation for battle. All of a sudden, Myth moves forward to punch Evian squarely in the jaw using the 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu sequence. Evian stumbles backward onto the ground. 
Myth chuckles, gestures and says, “Come on…if you dare.” Evian doesn’t say anything in response. He simply aims a leg toward Myth’s foot and sweeps him off of his feet, causing him to fall... 


Lars performs 3-forward somersaults. Upon landing, he aims a High-Kick toward Exile’s chin. As the blow connects, Exile falls onto the ground. Before he can right himself, Lars stomps hard onto Exile’s chest. 
Exile grunts in pain, but uses both of his hands to take a firm hold onto the punishing leg, as Lars attempts to deliver another bruising assault towards his chest. With a powerful twist of his arms, Exile spins Lars’ body in mid-air, causing him to land onto his back... 


Fiend attacks Dutch with Nunchakus, but Dutch evades him by moving to the side of the intended blow. Fiend swiftly attacks Dutch again with the Nunchakus and aims a dangerous blow towards Dutch’s forehead. When Dutch successfully evades this attack, Fiend delivers such a staggering kick towards his torso, that Dutch’s body hits a tree, some distance away, and falling face down onto the ground... 


...Persia attacks Raven with the combat stick. Raven steps aside and takes hold of the weapon. As she forces the weapon from Persia’s hand, Persia sneakily hooks a leg around one of Raven’s legs and trips her onto the ground below, causing Raven to drop the weapon. 
As Raven rights herself, Persia retrieves the combat stick and swings it expertly towards her. Raven quickly takes hold of the weapon and aims an expert kick towards Persia’s torso. Persia falls and Raven performs a forward somersault to retrieve the combat stick before Persia can once again take possession of it... 


...Myth attacks Evian by kicking towards his legs. Swiftly, Evian completes 3-backward somersaults to evade this attack. Myth follows him by completing 3-forward somersaults. Upon landing, Myth uses the 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu sequence to aim a bruising punch towards Evian’s jaw. 
Evian ducks, but Myth delivers another punch towards Evian’s face. This time, the punch connects and Evian reels from the blow, holding onto his injured nose. Myth laughs, enjoying his discomfiture with relish. “You’re nothing...” 
 

Kayo and Rain engage in combat by Rain moving forward rapidly to deliver a punch towards Kayo’s face. Kayo evades this attack by ducking underneath the blow and positions a hand around the striking arm. Rain knocks his hand away and delivers a fast High-Kick towards Kayo’s chin, sending him stumbling backward... 
 

Della attacks Flaxen with a graceful 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu sequence. Flaxen ducks and delivers a pounding punch towards Della’s jaw. Della reels back in pain... 


...Fiend attacks Dutch again with the Nunchakus, but as he aims them towards him, Dutch evades the attack by executing a flawless backward somersault. As Fiend rapidly approaches him, Dutch knocks the weapon out of his hand. Fiend angrily kicks Dutch in his torso area, causing him to stumble backward. Fiend wickedly chuckles at his prostrate form and says, “Get up, insect...”


A male opponent, by the name of Myko Storm (having flame-colored hair and black eyes), attacks Delphi…delivering a resounding slap to her face. After her initial shock, Delphi attacks him with the 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu sequence. As he reels back from the onslaught, Delphi delivers a High-Kick towards his chin, causing him to fall down... 
 

...Lars stands and approaches Exile. As he aims a fist towards Exile’s face, Exile takes hold of his wrist. Lars takes hold of Exile’s shoulder and impressively twists himself out of Exile’s grasp by performing mid-air Side-Flips... 


 ...Evian stands and faces Myth. He wipes his nose and says confidently, “Try that again. You won’t be as successful this time.” Myth, unfazed by this display of bravado, shakes his head at him. 
“No. I believe I have something better.” 
Evian gestures and says, “If you have something, bring it on, then.” Myth takes a step towards him and suddenly drops down as he closes in on Evian. He then directs a leg towards Evian’s foot and sweeps him off of his feet. 
Evian falls down, but flips rapidly into a standing position and kicks Myth in the face. Myth lands flat on his back. Evian smiles as he looks down on him. “Who’s nothing now...?” 
 

...Kayo stands and Rain attempts to punch him. He then grasps the striking arm and proceeds to punch Rain in the face. Rain stumbles backward and Kayo turns towards him, delivering an exceptional High-Kick onto Rain’s chin. As Rain rubs his wounded chin, Kayo moves behind him and places an arm around his neck. He keeps Rain in this powerful choke-hold position until he passes out. 
 

...Persia stands and faces Raven. “The time has come for me to finish this.” 
Raven smiles condescendingly at her opponent. “We’ll see about that. Come on, do your worst.” 
Persia accepts the challenge by attacking Raven by using an Arm-Bar technique to aim a bruising elbow-punch towards her face. Raven ducks, takes hold of the striking arm and delivers a light kick toward Persia’s shin, causing her to stumble. Raven then drops quickly onto the ground and takes hold of Persia’s wrists, hurling her onto the ground behind. 
Raven executes a fluid backward somersault, then using her fist, she delivers a powerful thrust toward Persia’s forehead; knocking her enemy out cold. Raven stands over her unconscious opponent, enjoying her victory. “I knew you weren’t as tough as you thought you were.” 
 

...Della strokes her injured chin. “I’ll make you pay for this.” 
Flaxen shakes her head at her and says, “I doubt it.” Della suddenly leaps into the air, attempting to aim a High-Kick towards Flaxen’s face. Before she can succeed, Flaxen delivers a punishing kick toward Della’s torso, sending her sprawling onto the ground below. 
Della rises to her feet and Flaxen delivers the 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu sequence deftly towards Della’s face. Della smashes onto the ground, unconscious. Flaxen simply says, “You’re a lousy fighter.” She simply walks away, leaving her unconscious opponent laying there. 
 

...Myko Storm stands and performs a daring forward somersault. He directs a punch towards Delphi’s face, but she evades this attack by ducking under the intended punch and grasping him by the neck. Before she can move behind him, he elbows her in the face. 
Delphi stumbles and her opponent grasps her neck and places her into a choke-hold. After some struggling, Delphi delivers a crushing kick towards his torso. Myko releases her neck as he stumbles backward. 
Delphi then delivers a swift High-Kick onto his chin, causing him to fall down. She continues the assault by using a fist to deliver a punishing thump down onto Myko’s head, knocking him out cold. 
 

...Dutch shakes his head and faces Fiend. Fiend laughs at him and Dutch decides that he’s taken enough punishment. “That’s it! Come and get some.” 
Fiend gestures, wearing confident smirk on his face. “Bring it.” 
Dutch approaches Fiend, and with exceptional strength, delivers the 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu sequence towards fiend’s face. Fiend reels backward and Dutch directs a powerful kick towards his shin. As Fiend stumbles, grasping his injured shin, Dutch uses his leg to sweep him off his feet. 
Once Fiend falls down, Dutch thrusts one of his feet onto his neck, applying so much pressure that Fiend passes out from the onslaught. Dutch straightens, exuding superb confidence. “Whew! I could have been Bruce Lee.”
 

...Lars stands and directs the 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu 
sequence towards Exile’s face. Exile ducks just in time, and takes a firm hold of the striking arm, powerfully flipping Lars onto the ground. As Lars attempts to stand, Exile delivers the 3-Fist Plum Blossom Praying Mantis Kung-fu sequence towards his face with such force that he staggers onto the ground weakly and cannot get up. 
 

...Myth stands and faces Evian. He spits out some blood and looks at Evian in a blind rage. “You’re going to regret that.” 
Evian simply arches an eyebrow at him and says, “You think so. Do you?” 
Myth doesn’t reply, just quickly leaps through the air to aim a punishing kick onto Evian’s chin. Evian falls down, but as he rights himself, Myth delivers a punishing High-Kick towards his torso, sending him once more, sprawling onto the ground. Myth forcefully keeps Evian down by pressing down hard onto his chest. 
After some struggling, Evian takes hold of his leg and flips Myth onto the ground before him. Evian takes this opportunity to approach Myth’s prostrate form and grasp him by the neck, thereby placing him into a choke-hold position. Myth angrily elbows Evian in the chest, causing him to stumble backward. 
However, Evian shakes off the hit swiftly and approaches Myth to deliver a powerful Kung-fu Chop (with closed fist) onto the side of his neck. As Myth reels backward from the onslaught, Evian elbows him in the face, causing him to fall on the ground below. Evan then places a foot on Myth’s neck, holding him down. Myth struggles to free himself, but to no avail. 
Evian suddenly hears Kayo’s voice echoing through his mind. “...It is important that I inform you, Evian, that the Mystery Arts is merely a self-defense strategy to protect ourselves from our brutal adversaries, Myth’s Saboteurs. The Mystery Alliance was created for saving lives. So, we do not kill people. Understand?” 
Evian looks down upon Myth and says, “Don’t move; not one inch.” 
Even in this weak and unenviable position, Myth still dares to challenge his opponent. “And if I don’t?” 
“Do not provoke me. I will not be held responsible for my actions if you try anything.”
Myth laughs wickedly. “You won’t kill me. You are a coward, just like your friends. Go ahead. Finish me off while you can. FINISH ME!” Evian shakes his head in answer to this challenge and slowly extracts his foot from Myth’s neck.
“No. I’m not a murderer. Even someone like you doesn’t deserve cold-blooded murder.” 
   Myth rises slowly to his feet. “You’re going to wish you had destroyed me...someday.” 
   “Perhaps, only today will not be that day.”
   “I did give you a chance here. Remember that.” 
Evian nods and says, “I shall.” 
Myth scoffs at him. “You, Evian, will regret this moment for the rest of your miserable life.” 
Evian chuckles at this. “It seems to me that you are the miser in this situation, Myth.” 
   Myth looks down his haughty nose at him. “I will not give up until I have destroyed you all!” 
Evian shakes his head in answer to this challenge and slowly extracts his foot from Myth’s neck. Suddenly, Myth rises, rounds up his wounded followers, and they leave the area as soon as they can. 
The Finale: After the Battle 
Exile slowly approaches Evian in such a soft-footed way that Evian does not realize that he’s coming towards him. Exile asks, “How are you feeling?” Evian jumps slightly, seeming somewhat surprised by Exile’s appearance. In response, he says, “Terrific. And you?” 
“I will survive.”
Evian laughs and Exile says, “No pun intended.” 
“If you say so.”
Delphi approaches both men and remarks happily after seeing Evian, “Well now, Myth doesn’t seem to have proved a very difficult challenge.” 
Evian scoffs at this statement. “I wouldn’t say that. I have quite a few painfully bruised body parts that would disagree with you. However, I did manage to become the victor. In this fight, that is.” 
“I’d certainly say so. Either way, I am so very proud of you, Evian.”
“Thank you, Delphi . That means a lot, really.” 
“You’re very welcome.”
In another area of the field, Raven approaches to where Kayo is standing. “Are you all right?” 
“Yes. Thank you for asking. And how have you fared after your ordeal?” 
“Superb, as always.” 
Kayo laughs. “Aren’t you the modest type?” 
Raven chuckles, obviously enjoying this lighthearted banter. “Aren’t I?” 
Kayo says, “Let’s go. Follow me.” 
Raven gestures and utters, “By all means, lead the way.” 
Kayo and Raven prepare to leave and on the way, they encounter Evian, Exile, and Delphi. Raven smiles warmly at Evian. “Come with us, Evian. You must be tired. Let’s go home.” 
Evian thinks about this for a moment and smiles. “Yes, home. The first home I’ve had in a very long time.” 
Nightshade and Kacy approach the group, holding hands. Nightshade says, “Don’t forget us, now.” 
Raven rolls her eyes and looks at him. “Get serious; as if we could ever forget you or any member of the Alliance.”
Kacy looks over at Evian and decides to check on her friend. “How are you, Evian?” 
“Tired, but other than that, I’m okay.”
“I’m glad to hear it.” 
Dutch and Flaxen come towards the little gathering of Mystics. Raven notices a bruise on Dutch’s forehead. “That bruise looks angry.” 
“Don’t worry, Raven. I’ll live.” 
Flaxen smirks at her husband’s statement. “Oh, you will. I’ll make you very comfortable at home.” 
Evian laughs outright and says, “You’re quite a fortunate man, Dutch.”
Dutch winks an eye at Evian. “You took the words right out of my mouth.” 
Raven shakes her head at them, then says, “All right, then. Everybody, let’s 
move out!” 
Evian mutters softly in agreement, “My sentiments, exactly.” 
All of the members of The Mystery Alliance start to make their way to their happy home. 
Epilogue
 
And Evian’s extraordinary saga continues... 




































 

















 














    

	
	


	


 




































