Pretty Killers: Parlour
Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 by Jordan McKinney
All rights reserved including the right of
reproduction in whole or in part in any form

All intentional or otherwise coincidental references or allusions to any persons, organizations, corporations, or any copyrighted or trademarked works in media, etc. are used strictly in parody and/or comical format and are not meant to insinuate any injurious ideations towards such outside of this work of fiction.

This book is available in print on major online retailers.




Chapter One
Hurt


“Sixty-eight days,” Kayleigh thought as she scratched her inky musings into a page of cream-colored paper. The pools smearing from one letter to the next flowed from her hand to sit before her sights with a severity matched to the likes of blood leaking from her own body. And there, in the subtle comfort of her wearied desk and its accompanying creaky chair, she paused and gazed through her frames at the words. Captured in their simplicity were tales that transcended the memory by which they were invoked, and in all attempted to provide a break from the encircling mad notes and sketches tacked to walls struggling to stay white under the grime of an aged and forgotten abode. Though the hanging papers bore a host of concepts more logical than the all-emotional cries on the desk, their grasps to an end were to the same. It was all for one and that one only.
Kayleigh brushed a lock of her hair from her face and took a deep renewing breath. She sat up straight at the confessional tucked away in her windowless room and put her pen back to paper. “Sixty-eight long and reflective days since my sister’s death. And like the sun and moon share the grand city sky, the best and worst of emotions have been sharing this vessel of my body. Not even these diary entries can sort out my thoughts, anymore. With the first light of my life pieced and burned beyond a chance of proper burial and plot to visit, you—my pen and paper—are almost the only ones who shall share what could be the undoing of my sanity should it be left to fester.
You remember day one, don’t you? It was that day when I felt that first sting of anger towards those assailants for taking her life with such an arrogance and an inscrutable amount of immaturity. But then you made me feel anger towards my own blood for her disregard of all that I had warned her against and the subsequent decision to rush into battle with an inane dream fueling those actions and passions. And the more you and I spoke, the more you made me hate myself for replaying how I could only keep my mind in our now meaningless situation of financial disarray, and spitting upon her vision. But I screamed at myself to not hold on to those past regrets. She was the one with paternal issues. She was the one who slipped into a psychosis wrapped around making him proud. She was the one who let her reason bend to break.
But I wonder... was it I who did that to her?
I know what is in her past. I remember helping her hide tears; the ones that sneaked up after the drop of pride from being that special one. There were times when she celebrated it, and others when she wanted to erase the day and the shame of her infantile confidence. And I hated that confidence. She deserved her tears. But I helped her bury them again and again. Addiction’s a strange thing, I guess.
And then the greatest apology he could offer was the gift of the  business to be hers alone. And she welcomed it with that same inglorious pride I detested, and I still knew how fragile she was behind the childish smile she wore to her final days. But the stress of holding together the nearing shambles of our livelihood compelled me to strike for the weakest target in her heart. How could I let my anger kick and strangle her confusion? What sense did any of us make?
 She could see our potential. Of all the wrongs, she could still reach for our victory. Ours. But it was I who made sure she fell short of that glorious touch upon her designs. Our minds and tenacity could have engineered an arsenal of weapons incomprehensible to history. She needed me and I mercilessly turned my back on her. No sooner than that long second when I proved that her only ally, her own blood was not at her side in the fight for claiming that which we were capable of attaining did she take on the world herself. We were always a team and I hope these words can rise from the page and reach her spirit to let her know I’m sorry. And I need her. My dear Niki, I need you. In this endeavor on the first of a brand new month. You and I—we, Niki—we have a second chance to take this world into our still-tender palms. Your passion and imagination and my intelligence and ability to bring your dreams to life: That’s how it was supposed to be, wasn’t it? Well, my sister, that’s how it’s going to be. As much as the psalms of suicide play louder and louder in my head, I just can not subscribe to that religion. You didn’t. You held your ground to the death and I vow to do the same. I promise you, Niki, I swear on all that lives and breathes: I will not let anything stop me from realizing your dream of making this entire world bow before the name of the Commissary. The decimation of your body has thwarted your proper funeral, but rest in peace, assured that I will fill a grave. A row of magnificent plots just for you.”
Kayleigh sniffled as she gently shut her diary and hung her head over the book to study the fragility twitching in her hand as it rested on the cover. The chipped paint on her nails complimented the broken leather. “I promise you,” she whispered as a muffled rumble crept up unnoticed to dance at her door. “I promi—”
Kayleigh froze on the word to let the indiscernible audio from beyond the door roll uncontested over the current affair in her head and trade heed to determine its identity, but it would not take more than a second of absorbing the sound to catch its definition. The answer sanded through her nerves to leave a seed of a migraine along with a spark to set her temper on fire. She clenched her teeth and, with an added curse in Russian, she sprung up from her seat to fling her door open. She stood violent-eyed on the stairs’ landing outside her room and looked on below as a blaring wave of a hit 1989 pop song banged on her eardrums.
“Peach S. Geldof and Daisy Buchanan Orlova! Turn that music down, now!” Kayleigh roared out over the spacious but cluttered floor of the abandoned factory she now called home. The beckoning went unnoticed by the two little teens lost in the music shaking the colossal mechanisms scarred with rust. Their gleeful squeals and synchronized dancing stoked Kayleigh’s frustration and called for her to come down the steel stairs in clanking stomps, her ears covered by her hands.
“Baannng, baaannng!” Daisy sung, shaking her hips.
“You’re what?” Peach called with the break of the song.
“You’re giving me a headache.” Kayleigh slammed her hand down on the nearby computer’s keyboard to silence the music.
“What the radish, mom? Those aren’t the words.”
“The ‘radish’,” Kayleigh said, mocking Peach’s whiny voice, “is that you two are supposed to be collecting useful information, and yet here you are partying like a couple of sorority skanks. I did not go through all of that hard work and labor to design and create you two just so you can go larking through yesteryear’s hits. Now, sit down and learn something.” She gave both girls a shove to the chest to knock them back into the chairs at the great crescent desk holding an army of computer screens displaying various media.
“Sitting around is so boring!” Peach threw her head back and let her cloud of pink and pale yellow hair drape down to the legs of the chair. “And these articles are even more boring.”
“I think what she means to say is that we learn better through music,” said Daisy. “It tells stories, and shares customs, and gives you insight to all parts of the world.”
“You know what else does that? Articles,” Kayleigh said.
“But you can’t dance to articles. And who cares about Konrad I of Masovia’s failure to capture Prussia or whatever? History’s full of a bunch of stuff I don’t need to know about. I mean at what point in life will knowing about the anything before the 20th Century help us?” Peach’s disinterest was punctuated by her choosing to put the bulk of her concentration into pushing off of the desk to put her seat into the perfect twirl.
“Oh, and I suppose knowing the lyrics to whatever crap you’re listening to is more useful information?” Kayleigh said.
“We’re just immersing ourselves in the current culture to better understand our surroundings,” said Daisy. “For instance, by listening to rap music, we learned that we should try to be more like black people. Apparently, they’re some of most affluent people of the country. Even the leader of this country is black.”
Peach’s face beamed with enthusiasm as she halted her amusement ride’s action. “Oh, my god, yes! They’ve got all the cars, houses, and jewelry, and money to blow on brand name alcoholic beverages and stuff. I swear black people are, like, the most fun-loving  party people ever. I wish I were black.”
“I will admit I don’t fully comprehend some of the commands some rappers give women. Like how does one ‘shake it like a salt shaker’? Like, am I supposed to turn upside down and bounce up and down like I’m adding seasoning to a dish? ‘Cause that’s how you shake a salt shaker, right?”
“Yeah, and why can Fat Joe use the N-word if he’s not black? Does that mean we can use it?”
The inquiries burrowed into Kayleigh’s brain and wrapped around her frayed patience. She lifted her glasses to her forehead and rubbed the corners of her eyes to ease the tension that had been gripping her head since she awoke that morning. A deep breath did not bring any measure of relief, but it did refuel the composure she found required to speak to her creations. “Listen, the morning is the time that I take to collect my thoughts, so can you two study quietly for a few hours?”
Peach heaved a sigh and rolled her eyes. “So, like, what’s a few hours? Like until 10:00 or something?”
Kayleigh’s teeth were beginning to grate. “Just a few hours.”
“But, like, what’s a few? That could be anything. Three hours from now, four hours from now, five hou—”
“Five! Okay, give me five frickin’ hours of quiet, Peach! God!” 
“Fine.” Peach snapped her head back and rolled it around her neck in exaggerated offense. “But it’d probably be more quiet in here if you weren’t yelling. Just saying, I’m right here.” 
The end of the exchange found Kayleigh sapped of all the serenity that she had built to deliver what she wanted to be simple directives, and instead left a silence to hang between Peach’s jests and her response of a chuckle. It was something strange to Daisy but she could easily recognize it as foreboding as the nature within her body took a cue to cower for her sister.
Kayleigh punched out a few more chuckles that troubled Peach enough to match Daisy’s wary stare up at Kayleigh as she swaggered up to gingerly lean into the girl’s face. Peach knew laughter could be an immediate reaction of happiness, but there was an underlying emotion to this showing that confused her. She had never before seen a smile that she could sense was hiding a madness. It frightened her.
Kayleigh stared down to the center of the girl’s wavering eyes. “You think you’re cute, don’t you?”
Peach could not form an answer. Her life had seen Kayleigh’s countless frustrated groans and sighs, but each instance resulted in the same violent empty threat and nothing more. It was not until this close contact with a grin illustrating just how delicately Kayleigh’s wits were hanging that it became palpable to Peach. This sensation making quick ripples in her spine and arms was not meant to be within any part of her physiology; she was supposed to be fearless. The intrinsic clicked within somewhere along the way and commanded the slip of a gentle whimper.
The girls’ fear angered Kayleigh. Their simple being angered her. They were not supposed to be how they were and that brewed more contempt under the talk echoing about the chamber holding her slipping mind. “Can you answer a question for me?” she asked, continuing her bout of ironic delight. “Why can’t you two just do what I asked you to do?”
“But... but we are doing what you asked. Our primary function is to gather information to make it easier for you—.”
“I know what your function is!”
Peach winced, startled by the sudden shift in temper.
“I know what I told you to do! The question is why can’t you do it correctly? Why can’t you sit here quietly and just read articles like I asked you to do? Why is it that from the time I unplugged you two from that generator I have counted eighty-two gray hairs on my head. A twenty-six-year-old should not have eighty-two gray hairs! All the arguing and music and just general nonsense. Why do you insist on driving me crazy?”
“I— I don’t know.”
“Oh, you don’t know. Of course. There’s just no explanation for your stupidity, is there? You’re just a broken, useless mistake?”
“Well, it’s your fault,” Peach said, holding as much honesty as she could in her gaze. “If anything is wrong with me or Daisy, it’s a result of your weakness. Correct?”
Kayleigh stood firmly and delivered a powerful smack to the girl’s cheek. It sent her head and hair into a whirl, and it echoed out as the loudest sound ever made in the factory. “Do what I asked of you.”
Peach sat with a stone-like glare at the floor. She could hear Kayleigh’s steps fading away back to the stairs. And she could hear the generators’ chugging with the pipes’ suppressed rumbling. There was a large crack in the concrete she had never noticed, and paint speckles surrounding it. All in her environment became a priority higher than her own thoughts. She had none.
“Peach..., you okay?” Daisy reached over to move some strands of hair from the girl’s line of sight.
“I don’t understand.” Peach’s voice was delicate and cracking. “She was upset because she thought I was stupid, so I gave her the answer that I thought would prove otherwise. I analyzed possible causes of us failing to properly do our primary functions, and the only correct answer is her, right?” She turned to Daisy hoping she would  give her the validation for which she was silently hoping.
“Well, I guess. But mother’s been trying so hard to come up with a way to destroy the Pretty Killers, and I guess reminding her of how she messed up with us probably kinda hurt her feelings.”
“But it’s not like I was trying to do that. I was just doing what she asked me to do. I answered her. I was collecting information. I was... I don’t understand.” The tears broke loose in brief throws to small sobs. 
Daisy came out of her chair and sat on the arm of Peach’s to let the girl lay her head on her chest. She held her closely to calm the involuntary jerks that came with crying. “It’s okay, Peach. Don’t cry. It’s just that it wasn’t the right time for your joking.”
“But why not? She seemed upset so I joked about the word ‘few’. I thought it was funny.”
“Humans have different interpretations of what is perceived as funny. It all depends on their emotions, and mother is just real tense because of Aunt Niki. She just wants you to do what you’re supposed to without the jokes and music.”
“Then why did she wait until today to ask us to do that? All she said was collect information, not what kind and how.”
“We’re not computers, Peach. We’re hybrid-androids. Mother expects that we can properly interpret commands. Because of our artificial intelligence, she expects that we don’t need specifics to carry out commands.”
Peach’s weeping subsided, but her eyes were still burned with the evidence as she looked up to Daisy with a budding eagerness. “So, you’re saying we can think for ourselves? We choose what we feel is the most efficient way to carry out mom’s commands?”
“Something like that. Humans just call it ‘common sense’.”
“So, the command to ‘do what I asked of you’, I can interpret that as her asking to do what we were originally made to do? I can kill the Pretty Killers?”
“Well, I don’t know about that. I really don’t think mom wants us to interfere with anything having to do with that. I mean, yes, we were designed to destroy them, but we can’t.”
“Why not? Just because our weapon systems don’t function? Well, then let’s not use them. We can do it a different way.”
“Peach, I know it’s difficult for you to completely understand certain concepts, but I’m telling you it is really not a good idea to do anything involving destroying the Pretty Killers. Let’s just sit here and study articles like we’re supposed to. We’re walking encyclopedias and nothing more.”
“No, we are something more: We’re Orlovas. A bit of mom’s blood is in our veins. It’s the same blood that Aunt Niki knew was destined for greatness. We were created to destroy the Pretty Killers, we were told to collect as much information as possible, so why not use the information we’ve collected to carry out that destruction?”
Daisy sighed at the smile charmed on Peach’s face. It hurt her to know the root of her reinstated enthusiasm was one that would undoubtedly perform the inverse on Kayleigh. But she resolved to indulge the girl. “What did you have in mind, Peach?”
“Mom told us she can’t leave the lab because she wanted the people to believe she was dead after the news reported that the airplane that she was supposed to be on got accidentally shot down by Sarah Palin when she was hunting moose from her helicopter, right? Well, that doesn’t mean we can’t leave this place. We have an appearance close enough to humans to go out there and do stuff, right?”
“I guess.”
“My plan is to turn the samples into a virus. We get that virus out there into the city, and then it turns the people into an infinite amount of anomalies. But the best part is that we re-engineer the samples to make them super-killers. Like, turn up their killing genes, you know? The Pretty Killers would be so overwhelmed.”
“On the chance that we figure out the whole virus thing, how would we get it out there? Dump it into the water supply? Toxic cloud? Swap it for immunizations at a hospital?”
“No. The chemicals in the sewage system could mess with the virus’s effects, and a cloud’s density might not give us the amount of virus we need them to intake after it dissipates. And since that whole H1N1 thing, people are pretty much over vaccines and immunizations. We need to get the raw mixture directly into people and here’s how we’re gonna do it.” Peach rolled over to one of the computer screens to bring up a video. She proudly presented to Daisy the jubilant scene of rambunctious debauchery set to music.
“We’re gonna make a music video?”
“No. You see how all the logos and everything are blurred out? I remember seeing an article that said that they do that because the people in the video didn’t get permission from the companies to use their brand names and they don’t want their product’s image tainted by unsanctioned endorsers. Clothes, cosmetics, cookies. You name it, we buy it. Even if it’s stupidly unnecessary. We just wanna be like the cool, popular people.”
“But what does all of this have to do with your plan? Are you planning on making us celebrities?”
“Well, seeing as how we’re ambiguously exotic twin teenage girls, we could probably get some good Internet fame, but I was mentioning all of this stuff to say that I was thinking that we should play off the latest popular thing which happens to be genetically-modified Botox and organic implants. All of the celebrities are getting them nowadays which means all the regular people are getting them right now. Even the guys.”
“Oh, my god, that’s perfect. If we could get some of that stuff, we could lace it with the virus and put it right into their bodies. And since it’s natural, white blood cells shouldn’t consider them a threat, right? But how are we gonna become plastic surgeons?”
“Uh, hello? We’re a couple of androids here. All we need to do is download a few Dr. 90210 episodes, whip up some degrees in Adobe Photoshop, and faster than you can say Jocelyn Wildenstein, we’re licensed professionals. The only real challenge is getting some of those samples that mom has locked up.”
“I don’t suppose the amazingly creative Peach has a plan for that, does she?”
“Just a technicality. I’ll figure that out. You just start working on that modification formula. I know you’ve come across some kind of research essay that could help you.”
Daisy shrugged. Her dubiety wore like a flashing sign.
“What’s the matter? Why aren’t you excited like me? We’ve got a fool-proof plan.”
“But it’s not. What if we screw this up? Just think how much more angry mother will be if this doesn’t work. I really don’t like seeing her like that. It’s scary.”
“I know, but what is playing it safe gonna get us? Aunt Niki didn’t play it safe—”
“And she ended up dead. Like super-dead. Like damn-that-wasn’t-even-necessary dead.”
“But at least she took a chance. Just stop thinking about what could go wrong, and think about everything we would win when it goes right. We’re Orlovas. It’s in our blood to rule this world, and you and I are gonna make sure we do that. I promise. We’re gonna kill the Pretty Killers... together.”




Chapter Two
Blonde


The air was electric with adventure, but a bit of gray hanging over Queen City sought to stifle the lust for excitement in every respect of promise that the day had to offer. The musk of new rain scented the air as automobiles swished through puddles to line up like a parade on the freshly paved pathway running along the front of the building that aimed to offer a new semester of preparation for the crap shoot of society. The smiles on some of the parents was devilish, almost sadistic in how their joy was heightened by the fact that the soggy faces of their children matched such soggy weather as they made their way up the long and wide walk to the high school. But that was only half of the lot. For other students, not even warm September rain could dampen their enthusiasm for the school year, and a perfect depiction of that gamut of emotion was the example of sisters Jina Cordova and Tomika Drake.
“Have a good day, chicas. I love you,” said Trecille.
Jina leaned over and gave Trecille’s cheek a kiss before slipping out of the pearly-black truck. “You too, mamí,” she said with a peachy grin before the woman sped off to work and probably into an affray over whether or not she had the right of way at an intersection. (The woman was known for early morning automobile arguments around the city, which earned her a segment on the traffic portion of the local news.)
“She’s joking, right? It’s like an oxymoron or something to have a ‘good day at school’,” said Tomika.
“Oh, come on, cheer up. This is a totally new school. I’m sure you’re gonna have a much better time here than you did back in North River. I mean look around you. There’s no way you can have a bad day at a place as beautiful as this.” Jina leaped up onto the granite block anchor of the school’s flagpole and swung around it to present the surrounding immaculate landscaping lying before two stories of recently renovated architecture. Perfectly shaped red and light gold bricks emphasized a sandy-colored arch atop it all bearing the name in dark letters: Hester Prynne High.
“Whatevs. School is school to me. And these ugly uniforms aren’t helping, either.” Tomika took a scan of her gray and burgundy blazer and its matching plaid skirt. “Ugh. Promise me a swift kick in the girl-garage if I go into an impromptu performance of Britney Spears’ ‘Baby, One More Time.’”
Jina gasped and hurried her dainty walk up to catch Tomika’s. “I will do no such thing to my precious, little baby sister. Maybe a musical number is just the thing you need to shake off your case of the Tuesday ‘gwumpies’.”
“Tuesday grumpies? Is that your new prescription making you sound like a preschool teacher?”
“Well, mood amplification is its intended purpose, but, really, I just woke up in a good mood this morning. I mean a smile just makes everything better.”
“I’ll tell that to the next inmate scheduled for lethal injection.”
“I’m serious. I know how much you love to sing, so let’s do it. I’ll start.” Jina skipped up the short staircase leading to the front entrance and proudly sat on the low, broad wall right next to the door to begin her soulful crowing. “My loneliness... is killing me...” She pointed to Tomika to take control of the performance from her post at the bottom of the steps, but she was adamant about keeping silent after noticing the expressions on her peers. “Come on, this is your part,” Jina said.
Tomika partnered a sigh with a roll of her eyes, but to swiftly perk her out of her shame, and bring an off-key response to Jina’s call, was a familiar voice complimented by and even more familiar wrapping of an arm around her neck. It was Allie.
“Oh, my goddess, Allie!” Tomika pushed herself out of the girl’s grip to take in the full sight of her. “What the heck are you doing here?” 
“Are you surprised?”
“Hell yeah. I thought you were gonna stay at Onassis High.”
“I convinced my dad to let me come here. Sure I’ve gotta wake up a bit earlier than I’m used to, but it’s worth it to be with my friends. We’ve gotta help each other cheat on tests and stuff like that.”
“I’m so glad to have my whole crew here.” She leaned in close to whisper, “Now, if you would just take the moon charm and join the team. We could really use some help protecting the city, you know.”
“Maybe we should focus on protecting the student body’s ears first.” She gestured to Jina, lost in a private paradise of her voice as she swayed to the tune.
“Jina... Jina!” It was more than obvious that Tomika’s calls were useless, so she ran up the steps to take Jina by the arms and ensure the delivery of her message. “You can press pause on your Little Shop of Horr-ible singing. We’re good. Come on, let’s get to class.”
Jina noticed the showing of joy on Tomika’s face as she tailed her and Allie inside. “Oh, so I see you’ve found your smile, huh?”
“Wow, you wanna phrase with a little more homo subtext?”
“Take it how you want, baby sister. I’m just saying that it’s nice to have your friends around you. There’s nothing better than knowing you’re loved. I’ve known that feeling since I was little, and I’m just glad that you can finally know what it feels like.”
Tomika shot a sneer back to Jina. “Anyway, Allie and I had our obligatory warm friendship moment, so we’re good for the year.”
“Yeah, ‘cause we don’t need all that hugging and junk to say we’re friends," Allie said. "I mean I’m such a good friend, I know Tomika wouldn’t want to hug, anyway. She doesn’t like having her boobs smashed.”
“Exactly.”
“Tomikaaaa!” Like a rocket blasting off to soar through the sky, a blur of a bright smile and dirty-blonde hair under a beanie marked with animal features charged through the ambling kids to jump into the tightest wrap around Tomika’s body. Armed with two transparent plastic cups half-filled with an icy caffeinated mixture topped with cream, she pressed her cheek against Tomika’s deep grimace. It was Morgan Harischandra. “Holy crap, it’s so good to see you and to smash your boobs against mine!”
“Well, speak of the devil,” said Tomika, flatly. She squirmed back and forth until she found herself out of the smothering.
“Morgan, we just saw you, like, two days ago.” Jina said.
“I know, but I’ve been seeing everyone hugging, and kissing, and squeezing, and squealing ‘OMG’ at each other. I just wanted to do it too. I mean did the mayor, governor, or president make it illegal to get excited and no one decided that that was news to tell me? Class of 2011!” She paused her rambling to take a drag from both of her cups’ straws.
“Uh, isn’t it Ramadan, Mo?” Allie asked. “I thought you weren’t supposed to be eating or drinking stuff until sunset, lest you suffer the wrath of the ancients.”
“No, it’s cool, dude. If you’re old, or pregnant, or sick, or a kid, or menstruating, the Qur’an cuts you a break. Two of those things apply to me.”
“Oh, right, that metabolism thing. That’s why you stay so skinny,” Tomika said.
“Just like you, Jina,” Morgan said.
Jina returned to the remark a light pout.
“And I guess the period thing applies too, huh?” said Allie.
“Yep. Just like you, Jina.”
Jina’s pout began to blossom into a full-grown frown but found itself traded for an incredulous fix. “Wait, how’d you know that?” she whispered.
“I’m psychic,” Morgan whispered. “Hold on! I’m getting a vision, now.” She bucked her eyes into a aimless gaze and pressed the cups into her temples. Despite the bewildered faces her actions were eliciting, there was a strong desire from the girls to see some fruition following this pageantry, especially after correctly identifying the actions of Jina’s body. But there was a blaring skepticism drawn from their witnessing Morgan’s bizarre nature over the few months of their acquaintance. And the two seconds of a gaping mouth and blank stare leading to a trickle of blood from her nose and the rolling of her eyes to the back of their sockets proved the suspicions true. Tomika and Allie rushed to catch her body as it dropped out of balance.
“Morgan! Morgan, wake up. Are you okay?” Allie said.
A roll of gurgles and a slow spew of foam dribbling back into her hair served to answer Allie’s question in the most obvious way.
“Still think a smile can make a situation better?” Tomika said.
“Shut up and do something. The girl’s unconscious,” said Jina.
“What do you want me to do? It’s not like I can use my powers. What if somebody sees?”
“Can’t you give her a tiny shock or something?”
“But I’m not good at controlling electricity.”
“Screw this, I’ll do it the old-fashioned way.” Allie took a hold on Morgan’s ragdoll-like body by her jacket’s collar and unleashed a barrage of smacks across her face. “Wake up, dammit. You can’t die on the first day. Save that until finals.”
Morgan’s eyes squinted and the gritting of her teeth signaled that the mass in her skull returned to business and was shipping out serious pain. She flailed out of the girl’s grasp and promptly hunched over, clutching her bloodied and sizzling head. “Agghhh, what just happened? It feels like my brain is remixing every Black Eyed Peas song together, and it’s ringing like crazy.”
The tolling was not confined to the girl’s mind. It was the first signal to the students that it was time to finalize their socializing, or at least move it to the classrooms.
“That was the five-minute bell,” Jina said as she handed over a napkin retrieved from the bag slung over her shoulder. “You think you’re okay to go to class or should we take you to the nurse?”
Morgan cleared the red trail over her lips and the brownish mess running down her chin. “No, I’m okay. I’ve got speech class first period, so we’re probably just gonna do some exercise to remember everyone’s name or something. I don’t need to be fully conscious for that.”
“That’s the first stop for me, too,” said Allie. “Later, ladies.”
Like a loose haze, the stress of the ordeal began to dissipate thanks to the sight of Morgan walking away with all her faculties intact aside Allie, but a lingering sullenness hovered over the girls.
Jina turned to Tomika and tried to hold a smile. “Have a good day?” she said with an unsure titter as she began on her own path away. She knew the attempt at levity had the greatest chance of failure, considering her own high disposition had numbed. But she resolved to hope the words would bring about a tiny bit of healing.
Unfortunately, Tomika's acrid attitude from not too long ago made its return apparent in the most sardonic way. She pasted up a frightening embellished smile just to drop it farther than before. With that for a farewell, the girls parted to opposite paths into the herd, both en route to the remaining surprises of day one at Hester Prynne High.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Under the direction of her schedule in hand, Tomika went about making the short journey to Room 119 for the class listed as Sociology of Popular Culture taught by “TBA.” And while the mystery of who would be at the helm of a subject with such a curious title was well in her ruminations, she divided her mind against expectations in the other lessons she had to look forward to. Second period would find her in the classic Physical Education followed by the not so common Jamaican Patois foreign language class. Then, after lunch, she would be studying Ethnic History, Trigonometry, and Celestial Mechanics. The last subject troubled her deeply. It was not that she could not tell what it was, but more that she could not wrap understanding around it being a class at her education level. She had it set in her head that anything with “mechanics” in it should be left until collegiate days, or if it was absolutely necessary that she learn Celestial Mechanics now, it should at least have had “basic” or “introduction to” as a qualifier. But no. She was going to be thrown straight into all of the variables and constants of something called Celestial Mechanics without a prerequisite. Did the school make a mistake? Did they mail her the schedule that should have gone to some other Tomika Drake, one who was obviously more intelligent? She tried to quell her confusion with the assumptions that the lessons would not be as complicated as she was anticipating and the instructor would ensure a comprehensive teaching of it all. Nevertheless, her full focus during her walk diverted to the secrets that were being kept by those two words, and it served as a blatant reminder that she was dealing with an entirely new organism of a school.
“Tomika! Oh, my God, hi. Welcome to my class.”
Tomika whipped her head up from the paper, and out of her postulations, to take note of her arrival at Room 119, but the source of the greeting drove her to take a series of double takes for confirmation of what her eyes were beholding. The room number, the schedule: It matched for accuracy. The teacher—a four-foot-eleven teen younger than she—did not.
“Kerou, you’re the teacher?”
“I wanted to surprise you. That’s why I didn’t call much during the summer. I was busy at college getting my teaching degree in a program paid for by some Obama program that’s probably gonna fail in the long run.”
“What the frak is up with everyone trying to surprise to me today? And the one person I would like to surprise me, I haven’t heard from yet.” As if it were cued, a chiming came from her bag. She retrieved her mobile phone from inside and saw that a message had been received. “Oh, wait. Strike the last statement from the record. It’s Marc.”
“Ooh, what’s it say?”
“It says ‘We finally found a house here in Michigan and closed the deal yesterday. Sorry I missed you this morning. I’ll try to take you out for lunch.’”
“Aww!” Kerou cried lovingly. “Oh, my God, I’m, like, so jealous you found true love.”
“True like. True strong like.”
“I bet you two had a real good summer, didn’t you?”
“Yeah. Even though ending things with the network and house shopping had him going back and forth between here and Canada, we did find some time to hang out.”
“Did you guys... you know?” Kerou leaned closely, raising and lowering her eyebrows with a smirk full of  lasciviousness.
Tomika felt her answer rush straight to her cheeks to warmly blush. She turned her head down to hide the embarrassed smile made on her face. “Kerou... come on.”
Kerou’s jumping elation burst forth over a backing of a repeat chiming signal broadcast over the entire school. “Oh, my God, you slut, you did! OMG, you totally up upgraded from Virgin Mobile to AT&T: ass touching and tasting.”
“There was no ass tasting, Kerou.”
“I still want details later.” Kerou gestured for her to follow her into the classroom.
One step inside the room brought forth a mixture of amazement and bewilderment in Tomika as the vast space did not have the average amenities that would be in a school. Instead of the standard stiff individual desk and chairs, she found herself taking a seat on one of many plush armchairs arranged in threes around coffee tables under dimly-lit hanging lamps. To complete a café-like atmosphere, soft music gently wafted about the place smelling sweet of baked goods and newly-brewed coffee venting from white paper cups marked with a green insignia. Some students were also taking sips from transparent plastic cups of that same elixir that made a comatose Morgan not to long ago.
Kerou muted the music with the pressing of a button on the sleek, silver laptop resting on her desk occupying the front right corner of the room. By the turn of a dial on the wall behind her, she raised the lights a shade and enthusiastically skipped to stand at her place in front of the long, white dry-erase board to which all the furniture faced. This was the moment for which she had been waiting the whole summer. All of the days of essays and exams and nights of research and refusal to rest were to culminate in this moment when she would arrive as a captain to usher a group of young and malleable minds off to the high seas of knowledge. And a happy anxiety kept blood rushing through her heart full of sincere appreciation for the locale through which they would journey.
“Okay, everyone, settle down for a second,” Kerou said, but it was clear that her command was lost as the social din persisted. “You guys! Look up here for a second.” Her voice was distinctly louder that time, but still failed to arrest the students’ attention. “Everyone, shut up!” Shrill enough to cut out some quiet, she had taken her audience. She came back to a calm, cheerful voice and continued. “Good morning. Welcome to the Sociology of Popular Culture. I’m your teacher Kerou Karlrissian, but you all can call me Miss K. And to start with the obvious, yes, I’m 14 years old, but I assure you that I am more than qualified to be here. As you can see, an unconventional teacher brings a unconventional classroom, but only ‘cause I just figured that if Starbucks is sponsoring the school to pay for its renovations, then why not give us a more relaxed environment to study in? I want you all to be excited to come to my class because I feel like sociology is one of the most exciting subjects. It’s something that goes on around us all day, every day, and focusing it on the things that make our modern world go around is just... well, exciting to me. I’ve got so many mega-hella fun things planned for this year. Movies, projects, analyzing different television shows and stuff of that sort.  So, that’s it. Any questions before we start?” 
“Yeah, I got one,” called out one of the students from the back of the room. “So, I’m guessing the Disney Channel wasn’t hiring?” Nearly all in the class rewarded the jest with a round of uproarious honks and chuckles.
This was the reality Kerou feared would triumph, but she could understand it. Until that second that she stood there to deliver the beginning of the orientation, she could hardly believe she could call herself the occupation of teacher. But she hoped that she would be met with a little more maturity mixed with their dubiety.
“Listen, this is cute, but why don’t you come back when you’ve grown some boobs,” the student said.
“Okay, are you and I gonna have a problem, this year? We’ve got a lot to cover, and if you’re gonna be an a-hole douche bag all day, then you can leave right now.”
“Whoa-ho-ho, wait a minute! Do your parents know you’re using language like that? You don’t want them to take away your television privileges.” He flung his head and indulged in self-adulation with rolling chortles and knee slaps. But the elation he shared with the class had quickly subsided and changed allegiance to Kerou whose stance showed a great deal of agitation.
Kerou cut from her patience and bolted to her antagonist. She gave a sweeping kick to one of the stubby feet of the furniture and spun the whole chair around to face her, startling the boy to give up his full attention. “Now, you listen to me, you frog-faced little milksop, since it’s apparent that you find my age and appearance so amusing, then let’s laugh at the factual joke that at the age you were just figuring out the potential of your penis, I could have easily written essays on aporia that would have been praised by the highest philosophical and sociological publications—the likes of which would make Luce Irigaray want to take me out for a celebratory steak. I could stand here and say my intelligence is greater than both of your parents’ combined, but that’d still be a disservice to myself. I came here to impart knowledge upon a generation who could appreciate the manner in which I prefer to relate sociological concepts to our culture, but if you still want to take the chance to make me a subject in your forthcoming cross-country comedy tour, then wait until after class for notes, otherwise I will take your unsolicited outbursts as consent to slap your senses back to day one just to see how true innatism is. In other words, shut up or get the hell out of my class.” She grabbed the boy by his tie at the collar and whisked his stupefied face up to her stern, gritting one. “Do you understand?”
He squeaked out a confirmation, all the while straining to keep urine from slipping out of his bladder lest he further infuriate this petite terror by marring the fresh fabric with stains.
Kerou threw the boy back into his seat and turned from his cowering to return to her mark with a new-found respect from all eyes. She demurely tucked a loosened strand of her pink-dyed bangs back behind her ear to join the great fluff of dark brown hair winning control over a headband, and took a deep breath to recharge her smile.
“Now, let’s try this again. Welcome to the Sociology of Popular Culture, I’m your teacher Kerou Karlrissian, but you all can call me Miss K. My parents discovered that I had a very high intelligence quotient at an early age, but the only reason I never skipped any grades or went to any special schools is that I wanted to be with the ‘normal’ kids. I wanted to be with people my age so I could talk about the latest music, and clothes, and shows, and cute boys and stuff because my ability to recall all of those sociological, and historical, and whatever-ical concepts is just a part of me. I love knowledge and I also love fan-girling over pop-punk bands and cute actors on the Internet. Now, maybe as a teacher I could dress more professionally than I currently am. And yes, being two years younger than my students is a peculiarity too, but a couple of months back, I met somebody who thought my intelligence was cool and that it was a crime for me to hold myself back because I wanted the ‘high school experience’. That’s when I realized that I could combine my love for academics and pop culture without doing a disservice to my potential. Just because I demand respect as an educator from you all, that does not mean I feel like I’m better than you at all. There’s a lot I can learn from you guys, too. We’re here to learn from each other. That’s what sociology is all about: our interactions. So, I guess, basically, I’m just asking for you guys to let me be myself. I’m just like you all and I just want a chance to make this your favorite class if you let me. So, for real this time, any questions?”
From the approximate middle section of the room, a girl slowly raised her hand. “Yeah, so, um... like, your hair is totally cute. How do you get  it that big, though?”
Kerou groaned and and threw her head into her palms.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

An echo of ringing through the halls and stairwells signified the checkpoint of the day and gave the students the cue to briefly rest their heads and refuel their gullets with all-natural (but still questionably healthy) nourishment in the cafeteria. Strolling about were two boys whose partnership of physiques made it appear as if the number ten was in attendance at the school. Shay Middle—tall and slender. Massimo “Beef” Kilroy—short and rotund. The boys were of the similar privileged backgrounds and relation to high-profile parents as many of the students of the school, but being the sons of Northern State’s disgraced mayor and one of his associates had not helped their images in their social circles. As media showed their fathers frequenting the courtroom for charges ranging from being accessories in the murder of a stripper at a party to being essentially responsible for the environmental issue that led to the cause of much of the city being in shambles, the boys bonded—or at least found a shred of solace in each other—over their holding relation to two of the most hated men in the region. Luckily, most of the heat of the gossip had cooled in time for the school year.
“Okay, for real this time, dude. I swear I can see the future. Totally like That’s so Raven or something,” said Beef.
Shay rolled his eyes. “Not this again. I told you, just ‘cause you see spots when you sneeze, it doesn’t mean you have powers.”
“But this is legit, dude. I spilled my soda on the toaster and it gave me a shock when I tried to clean it up. Right when I got that shock, I saw a vision of this chick on top of me and I was holding my goods like I was getting ready to do her. I swear I’m gonna get laid soon, and I bet it’s gonna be with that girl right there.” Locked in Beef’s sights was Jina as she approached her locker to stash her books and check her face. “She’s one of those skinny light-skinned chicks. Dude, you know she’s a freak. One of those double-jointed, exorcist-orgasm freaks. I swear I’m going for the Titanic Challenge this year.”
“There was not even an ounce of respect in anything you just said. Why does she has to be a ‘freak’ because of her complexion? And what even is this ‘Titanic Challenge’ you keep talking about?”
“Have you even read a page of local porn star Jimmy Wetdick’s memoir?”
“I refuse to acknowledge the existence of that person.”
“Well, what about that other book I lent you: Bishop Don Juan’s Pimpin’ Compendium (and How to Pull Off An All-Green Outfit After St. Patrick’s Day)? It explicitly said the lighter a girl’s skin, the more of a freak she is. And the Titanic Challenge is the record that Jimmy set when he went to Hester Prynne. He banged 36 chicks in one year. 36, dude! He said it was ‘cause girls were either falling prey to the insincere sensitivity of teenage boys imitating Leonardo DiCaprio or misinterpreting the concepts of feminism in Naomi Wolf’s The Beauty Myth. He called it the apex of weird self-esteem and doubted that it would ever occur again, but I’m gonna do it, and that chick’s gonna be the first point.”
“Good luck with that. I’m going to lunch, but I’m warning you: Most girls don’t like being thought of as ‘points’. You keep that mentality and I guarantee it’s not gonna end well for you.”
“Most girls haven’t met me,” Beef called out as Shay departed down the stairs. “I got on some body spray. This is a sure thing.”
Jina swirled a dab of gloss on her lips and evened it out with a kiss. She shut her locker door and jumped with a bit of shock to turn to the sight of Beef leaning against the doors with a lecherous smile. “Oh... uh, hi. Can I help you?”
“My name’s Beef Kilroy a.k.a. DJ Stunnaballs, The Hamburger Helper, and, yes, I am in need of your assistance. I need to know your name so I know what to call you when we walk to lunch.”
Jina put up her best front of courtesy, but there was still a line of disgust sitting in her smile as she looked down at the boy. “Oh, that’s sweet, but no, I’m okay. Thank you.”
“Can you at least tell me your name? I wanna make sure that when I thank God tonight for blessing me with your presence, I get it correct.”
Jina rolled her eyes and sighed. “It’s Jina. With a ‘J’.”
“That’s a beautiful name for a girl with beautiful eyes. I bet you wanna be a model, don’t you? You know I can hook you up with Tyra Banks. I got connections like that.”
“I appreciate your generosity, but no thank you. And I already met Tyra Banks. It was a very unpleasant experience.” Jina turned to leave but with the lay of the game changed in the instant, Beef sprang into step at Jina’s side for another chance and possibly a new strategy.
“Wait a minute. Are you the daughter of that Spanish fashion designer with the big booty? I don’t know why I didn’t see it. Beauty just runs in your family, and I bet it sounds sexy when you speak Spanish. Can you teach me something?”
“Oh, my god, can you just leave, please? Seriously, I’m trying to be nice, but you’re nowhere near my type. Just go, please.”
“I’m just trying to give you a compliment.”
“Well, you sound like the worst kind of creep. Like, seriously, I hate guys like you that think that after a couple of lines, it’s ‘OMG, I’ve gotta sleep with this guy’. That’s what you want, isn’t it? You just wanna screw, don’t you?”
“When you said ‘screw’, it sounded so sexy. You wanna go to the Dairy Queen? I got coupons.”
“Go suck a piss popsicle.”
“You mind making me one?”
Jina rolled her eyes and huffed a heated sigh as she hurried her walk from her verbal aggressor. “Oh, my goodness, negroes these days,” she said to herself.
“Hold up. I’m sorry.” Beef grabbed Jina’s wrist, but she ripped it away.
“Maybe you didn’t hear me the first time. You’re dismissed. Go get some CLR for those ashy knuckles and stuff some more burgers into your fat-ass cheeks.”
“Oh, so it’s like that then? Man, fat, black actress-slash-comedienne Mo’Nique was right. You skinny bitches are evil. I’m trying to make some conversation and compliment you and you gotta go and talk about my weight. I think I should be hurt right about now.”
“I don’t care. Go cry over some fried chicken, Fat Albert.”
“Now, you’re being racist along with sizeist?”
“If you’re gonna disrespect me, then yes, I’m gonna disrespect you too. And I’m part-African-American; I can say what the hell I want about your black ass.”
“No, you ain’t. I bet you ain’t Spanish, either. You perpetrating  a fraud like the daughter from the George Lopez Show.”
“I am African-American and Latina, like my ethnicity is any of your business anyway.”
“So, what’s your excuse for lookin’ anorexic then? With those Codename: Kids Next Door-lookin’ legs. Two ethnicities and no ass. And you sound like a white girl, too.”
“Enunciating does not make me sound ‘white’. It means I received a proper education.”
“Enunciating blah-blah-blah whatever,” Beef squeaked. “Screw you and your creampie ass.”
“What’d you call me?!”
“You’re a creampie: Barely brown on the outside and nothin’ but pure white on the inside. And one of my breasts is bigger than both of yours.”
Jina buried her fist into Beef’s face, knocking him back into the lockers with a fury and frustration that had been building for the 1,461 days since her menarche. The heavy thud, clang and subsequent pained groaning echoed behind her as she stormed off around the hall’s corner with every thought burning her blood. She mumbled to herself a reiteration of Beef’s remarks laced with various curses as she walked up to a vending machine to thrust quarters into it, but when it refused to exchange her money for the goods inside she took the malfunction as an affront and countered with a series of kicks and punches into the thick, plastic window.
Drowned out by the soundtrack of an aggravated assault was a flush from the washroom behind her, and to follow was a girl hobbling out noticeably nauseated with her hair strewn across her face covered mostly by large sunglasses. “Hey, hey, Chun-Li, can you ease up on the Mortal Kombat or whatever for a bit? I’ve got a headache bigger than your country’s national debt over here.”
Jina turned from her smoldering and sparking pile of metal and snack bags to acknowledge the girl. “Danielle? What are you doing here?”
Danielle threw her body against the wall and slid down into a squat. “Trying to get over this hangover. Worst part is that I don’t even remember drinking last night.”
“I was asking what are you doing in this country?”
“I was planning on stealing Marc back from your sister, so I rented a riverside condo to live in with my parents. And I was gonna do little things to try to break them up, but then I saw candids of him and her together on the gossip blogs, and how cute and happy they were together, and I thought to myself ‘what the frick am I doing?’ If he’s happy with that always-angry bitch, then whatevs.”
“Why didn’t you just break the lease and go back to Canada? You can afford it.”
“There’s no reason for me to go back. I got fired from Hautemonde because the producers said I partied too much. They were planning on getting a new cast anyway. So, I figured I’d just stay here and start over where no one knows about me, where no one cares.”
“I almost feel sorry for you. But then I remember you spit on me and called me a ‘drazel’.”
“Whatever. So, what’s your problem? According to the execs: It’s good to talk about your issues instead of rebelling and acting out and ending up in the news for getting six bloggers arrested for posting pics of your nip-and-kitten slips.”
Jina blew a long breath as she crouched down beside the girl. “Be honest, Danielle. Do I seem like a creampie type of girl to you?”
“Does this have to do with the snack machine or are you asking if I think you’re a slut? Because I wanna say yes.”
“I’m asking you if I seem white to you. ...Wait, what?”
“How do you seem white? What, because of your vocabulary and pronunciation? That doesn’t make you white; that’s just you. It just shows that you’re cultured unlike some of these degenerates slithering around these grounds. I haven’t been here more than four hours and my perfectly moisturized skin is already crawling.”
“But what about the fact that I grew up in the suburbs, I don’t have any curves like my sister or my mother, I’ve never been in the ‘hood’ for longer than a day, you know? My mother and my father lived in the ghetto at one point. Tomika grew up around drug dealers and stuff like that, and besides Jayla, all of my friends have been white. It was even unanimous that I play Marcia in our school play of The Brady Bunch Movie back in North River. I never really felt like a Latina. People at Taco Bell speak Spanish better than I do.”
“Jina, living in ‘the ‘hood’ and having curves doesn’t make you any more your ethnicity, just like being skinny and living in the suburbs doesn’t make you white. Those are all stereotypes, and I would know because we did an episode about that crap. Truthfully, you should be proud of your ‘skinny genes’ because I know a lot of girls from the show who would kill to look like you. A couple of them actually died trying. We did an episode about them too.”
“I know. I’m just tired of being a big recessive mess. Besides my grandmother, nobody in my family is as skinny as I am.”
“If you feel that way, why don’t you just get some surgery? It sounds like it would make you happier with a couple of implants.”
“I’ve thought about that, but I don’t want that unnatural look. And those herbal enhancers aren’t worth the bottles they’re packaged in.”
“You know they’ve invented organic implants, right? They’re supposed to be better than other stuff because they’re made from caffeinated stem cells or something.”
“Oh, my god, say you swear!”
“I’m one year of proof that they work. You didn’t think I was born with these boobs, did you?”
“Well, yeah.”
“Not at all. I got these for an episode that we did along the lines of what you’re feeling. The writers said I didn’t actually have to go through the procedure, but you know me: totally devoted to my craft. Six years of  giving myself to those people and they just tossed me out like, like—”
“Trash?” Jina said as she pulled out her mobile phone to type up a search on the Internet.
“I was trying to think of a more glamorous word. You don’t equate Danielle Marcelle to anything synonymous with trash. But anyway, from what I remember from the script, the implants are supposed to become your own boobs because it’s just enhancing what’s already there or something, so they come out looking and feeling natural and whatever.”
“Oh, my god, there’s a place on Third that specializes in the procedure. I don’t believe it!” Quickly, Jina slipped into wanting eyes and a begging smile. She placed her hand on Danielle’s arm. “Danielle, it would be so cool if I could bum a ride. I really wanna go check this thing out. Please, please? I’d owe you so big.”
Danielle carefully placed Jina’s hand back to her. “Sorry, but no. I don’t mind giving you advice, because it makes me feel better about myself, but there’s no way I’m letting you get your United States germs in my car.”
“Come on, Danielle. Please?”
“Let me think— Actually, I don’t even have to think about it. No.”
Jina grabbed Danielle’s jacket lapels and pulled her close to stare past the guard of her shades, down into the dark of her pupils, to seal the coming threat. “Okay, look, blondie, I was trying to be nice, but if I have to jack you for your keys, we can go that route. Now, is that what you want?”
“I see you’re working on your ‘urban personality’.”
Jina loosened her demeanor. “Yeah. How am I doing?”
“I feel the need to call the police.”
“Awesome.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

It was fifteen minutes after noon when Kerou stepped into the buzzing hub of inner machinations known as the school’s main office. Phones were being answered, papers were being filed, mail was being sorted and students were being helped. Though she was riding off a sense of self-gratification following her first few hours as a teaching professional, Kerou could not help but feel an anxiety from facing her superior for the first time. The principal. Clutching a stack of papers, Kerou stepped to the front desk and caught the attention of the receptionist.
“Can I help you, hon?” said the receptionist.
“Yes, I’m the new sociology teacher. I needed to drop off these  forms to the principal. It’s direct deposit stuff and whatnot.”
“’Kerou’? What is that? Like, Native American or something?”
“I’m named after the writer Jack Kerouac.”
“And you say you’re the new teacher? You look twelve.”
“I’m 14 and three quarters.”
“And you’re the new teacher?”
“Yeah. The superintendent hired me a few days back when I finished getting my degree in a program designed for children with  high intelligence quotients. Do you need any more exposition?”
“Nah, I’m good. That sounds like the status quo for this place. There’s the guy you want.”
Kerou followed the receptionist’s pointing finger up to the man that was hurrying in through the office door. Even though he had his gaze buried deeply in papers of his own, she took great notice of his strong, square jawline and full head of dark hair, slick and styled to compliment his well-dressed and well-built physique. 
“Mr. O, the new teacher’s here. She wants to meet with you.”
“What? Oh, yeah, sure. Just, uh... follow me,” said the man.
Kerou did and traveled down a short and narrow hall to join him in his office where he shut the door and plopped down into his seat. Kerou placed her forms on his desk and eased into the seat opposite of his to wait. She swung her dangling feet while taking note of all the man’s accomplishments and trinkets sitting on shelves shining golden along the walls.
The principal sighed and put the papers in a drawer. “Okay, so— Wait, who are you? Why aren’t you wearing a uniform?” His posture immediately wrenched into a tensed one.
“I was told I wasn’t required to wear one. I’m sorry, Mr.—” Kerou took a glance at the nameplate on his desk. “Mr. Polanski.”
“It’s P. O’Lanski. Peter J. O’Lanski.” As he grumbled to himself about how he requested a new nameplate long ago, he retrieved an adhesive note pad and a pencil from a drawer and scribbled on it. He stuck the yellow paper over the name to display the preferred “Mr. P. J. O’Lanski.”
“What does the ‘J’ stand for?”
“Don’t worry about it. Now, what do you mean you’re the new teacher? You can’t be more than fourteen years old.”
“And three quarters. And I’m sorry that we didn’t get to talk before now, but the superintendent said that you’d be cool with me being here after two of the teachers retired and—”
Kerou’s voice faded into the very back of Principal O’Lanski’s head to drift as a luxurious melody as he put all his focus on the girl’s image. “Oh, my God, just look at her. Those painted exotic eyes. That soft, pearly-brown skin. That long and silky hair. And she’s so little! I just wanna sit her on my desk and— No. No! What are you saying?! She’s a kid. You can fight this, Peter. You did it before, you can—”
“But if you wanna turn this interview to a casting couch thing, I’m game for that. I know I’m real young, but I can handle it.”
“What?!” Principal O’Lanski clutched the arms of his chair. Blood running faster. Sweat beading on his forehead. Breaths shortened in each second spent with her perceived salacious voice in his head.
“I said I know I’m young, but I think I can totally handle this job. The students and I really get along, you know? We understand each other.”
“Yeah, that’s— That’s great. You can go now. Close the door on your way out.”
“Um... okay?” Kerou was a shade puzzled by the man’s asocial and downright peculiar behavior, but shrugged it off as the result of a hectic schedule as she made her exit.
Principal O’Lanski sat stiff for a second, his heart was beating straight into his ears. But he snapped from his pause and ran to the door to peek out and assure to himself that there were not any unwanted ears nearby. Once the assessment was complete and favorable, he slipped the door back to closed to begin his fumbling around his pockets in search for his mobile phone. After a couple of missed guesses, it was found inside his jacket. He selected a contact and waited for an answer.
“Doug’s Meat Market: We gut ‘em, cut ‘em, and pack ‘em.”
“Doug, it’s me Pete.”
“What’s up? How’s that Starbucks endorsement going?”
“Doug. Doug, you gotta help me. I almost had a relapse.”
“What? How? What happened? I thought you trained yourself to hate those uniforms so you would hate the girls as well.”
“I did, and the behavior modification is working better than the sublimation techniques. I hate the sight of these kids, but you’re not gonna believe this: One of my teachers is 14. She’s 14, Doug. That’s, like, almost the perfect age. I can’t force her to follow the student dress code, and she was so beautiful with her little skirt and leggings and hair extensions.”
“Whoa, wait. Hold up. How can she be 14 and a teacher? That’s illegal, isn’t it?”
Principal O’Lanski went to his desk, and picked up the papers Kerou placed there. He glanced over them. “Her documents say she works full time, but she only gets paid for half time so it looks like the superintendent isn’t stepping on any child labor laws. That idiot will do anything to save money.”
“Well, there you go. She’s working there illegally. Call the head of the school board or the Department of Education. The superintendent’ll get reprimanded or something, she gets fired and you can go on about your career.”
“Yeah. I’ve just gotta get her fired. Or better yet, I can fire her! I’m the principal; I’ve got just cause. It’s that simple. Of course! Thanks, Doug. Thanks for talking me back down to my senses.”
“Of course, man. I’ve been in your shoes before. Just know that us at Ephebophiles Anonymous are here for you. Call us anytime.” 
“I will.” Principal O’Lanski ended the call, but as he prepared to dial his plan into action, a soft knock came at his door. Kerou peeked her head in. 
“Principal O’Lanski?”
“Aaaaaggggghhhhhh! No!” Principal O’Lanski flung his phone across the room and averted his eyes from Kerou as she stepped in the room. “How do you want it? I mean how can I do you? I mean what?”
“I know you’re busy, but I just wanted say thank you. I know my whole employment arrangement isn’t totally kosher, but I’m just glad that you’re cool with it ‘cause teaching is my passion, you know? It’s not about the money, because my dad’s got a pretty good job. I just like learning and sharing knowledge and for you to let me do this is just, like, hella awesome. I know this is, like, so totally unprofessional, but...” Kerou ran to Principal O’Lanski and threw her arms around his lower torso to give him a hug. “I’m glad I’m workin’ for a cool guy like you.” She pulled out of the hug and straightened out the wrinkles in his jacket. “I just wanted to tell you that. I’ll let you get back to your work and stuff.” Holding her smile, she backed out of the office and left the man again out of ease.
Principal O’Lanski stood stiffer than before as that touch, that sweet scent, and that angelic voice all washed over him to cleanse away any ire accrued in all of his existence. It sent a shiver across every bone in his body. Never had he once imagined that such desires and fantasies made taboo by years past would reside inside of himself. But he could not deny the passion that was building and the longing to see the girl again.
He hated it.
He had been doing his best to keep a strong resolve, his best to hate these children around him and to loathe their touch like lepers. But all of that changed in the arrival of an innocent angel with a pink halo. It was no longer in him to dial the numbers that would send her out of his life and worse: break her happiness. How could he do that to the girl that brought the sunshine to part the heavy clouds of his already trying day? How could he do that to the girl with such a pure and loving spirit?
He could not.
He prayed and prayed for the strength to dial those numbers. If not to the authorities then at least to his support group. But he could not. He did not want help. He did not want to lose her. That smile was the most precious thing he had ever beheld and he wanted no hand in seeing it fall. For that smile was love. And his was with Kerou.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Matching Danielle’s gait, Jina walked into the cosmetic surgery clinic with her sunglasses on despite the fact that the clouds from the morning rain had not yet parted. The stark shift into the cool breeze of air-conditioning was a refreshing break from the warm humidity outside, but that all-too-familiar sanitary musk was a mental trigger of the frights that awaited behind a doctor’s hand. Danielle began to take a seat in the waiting area but found a shock in company as she beheld three other girls there who were not too unlike clones of herself. A shade disquieted, she decided to join Jina at the front desk.
“Excuse me,” Jina said.
The receptionist whipped her chair around to reveal her tanned to tangerine face and shiny golden hair flowing down to her augmented advertisement of a bosom. “What's up, hon?”
“Oh, my god, you’re that Playboy model Shauna Sand! What are you doing working here?”
“I’m the receptionist obviously.”
“But why? You were in Playboy,” said Danielle.
“We all can’t be as lucky as Jenny McCarthy. Nothing really comes after centerfold status. Ask former Girls Next Door star Bridget Marquardt. She’s the anesthesiologist.”
“Not a day goes by that I don’t ever wonder if letting Hef kiss me was worth it,” said Bridget as she passed by, hauling a tank of nitrous oxide.
“So, how can I help you?” asked former Playboy model Shauna Sand.
“I know what she wants,” said a girl, assumed by her dress of a white lab coat to be the resident surgeon. “Let me guess: organic implants?”
“Yes. I was interested.”
“And why wouldn’t you be? You’re flatter than a wrong note on a runway. But we can take care of that with no problem. I’m Dr. Geldof and I will get you the best breasts in fifteen minutes or less. They’ll be just like your friend over here.”
“But what about those other girls?” Jina said. “They were here before me, weren’t they?”
“Don’t worry about them. They’re just here for a chin sanding. Come on, let’s go.”
“Really, I just came down here to see how the stuff looked before going through with the whole procedure. And don’t I need parental consent?”
“Parental consent? No, of course not. Didn’t you hear about that new law Obama passed? Now, come on, let’s go!”
“Well, I guess I’ll be back in 15,” Jina said as Dr. Geldof whisked her through double doors to the operating room.
“Good luck. Go big or go home!” Danielle began to retire to the waiting area again, but could not stand the chills of looking at her human mirror images.
Dr. Geldof washed her hands, slapped on a pair of latex gloves and snapped on a face mask as Jina tried to steady her nerves while sitting on the cold slab of metal that was the operating table.
“So, how big are we going?” asked Dr. Geldof, holding the alarming sight of a gun-like device with a lengthy needle and a hose connected to an unmarked tank.
Jina’s qualms were beginning to show. “Um..., just enough, you know? Maybe a B or a C? Is that thing safe? What is that?”
“Hit her with the gas, Bridge,” Dr. Geldof said.
Bridget slipped into Jina’s sight and eased the gas mask onto her nose and mouth. She guided Jina to lie back on the table. “Count slowly backwards from ten... or you can name all of the members of ‘NSYNC. Either one will work.”
As the tingle of anesthesia trickled down her tongue and up her nostrils, Jina could see her vision getting darker and darker. “Justin Timberlake, JC Chasez, Lance Bass... Joey Fatone... Chris—” Everything went black.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

As a sizable portion of the students exited the cafeteria (many with a strange case of gas), Tomika reveled in the fact that she could forgo the school cuisine and take in an off-campus lunch by joining a senior with the privilege. She finished off the final sips of her drink, smiling in the embrace of her boyfriend’s arm around her shoulders. “Thanks for taking me to lunch, Marc,” she said.
“Oh yeah, of course. Only the best for my princess.”
“If you consider an over-fried chicken sandwich and a thing of some salty-ass waffle fries ‘the best.’”
“You know, for some reason, I’m picking up that you didn’t enjoy the food too much.”
“I didn’t. But I enjoyed being with you. That’s what matters.”
Marc jerked away and fake-gasped. “What? Did Tomika Drake just say something cheesily romantic? I don’t believe it.” 
“Shut up. I’m just happy to have you here with me. Give me two weeks and I’ll be back to cursing you out. Or at least throwing out a lot of minced oaths or something.”
“Hello there, lovebirds,” said Jina as she and Danielle arrived through the school’s front door. “Notice anything different?” She gave a couple of shakes and poses to show off her ample bosom peeking through her partly unbuttoned blouse. “Let me know if anyone needs batteries for their boombox ‘cause I got two D’s right here.”
Marc held a lustful and amazed gaze. Tomika: an unimpressed and rather disgusted one.
“Well, what do you think?” Jina said.
“I think you done lost your frakkin’ mind. Oh, no, wait, it’s still here. The surgeon just sucked it out of your head and stuffed into your chest along with the rest of the melted-down doll parts in there.”
“Uh, rude much?”
“Uh, stupid much? Jina, what the hell?” Tomika shifted her point of blame to Danielle, standing idle. “This was all your idea, wasn’t it? You frakkin’ Tara Reid reject. You lost your boyfriend to me, so you’re gonna ruin my sister in revenge. You’re a petty little skunk, you know that? I oughta beat you back into your mom’s vagina.”
“Calm down, Laila Ali. I told her about the implants, but I didn’t make her go get them.”
“Yeah, this was all on my accord,” said Jina. “When she told me about these new organic implants, I just had to check it out. We went down there, and fifteen minutes and 100 bucks later, I’ve turned my Gwen Stefanies into a couple of Jessica Simpsons. And the best part is that they feel so real. I’m getting the butt implants after school.”
Marc crept up to his question. “Can, uh... can I feel?”
Tomika slapped the boy’s eager hands down. “Why? Why, Jina? You were completely fine the way you were... which was only four hours ago! Remember ‘my loneliness’ and whatnot?”
“Tomika, I was never fine. Before I got the pills for this SNES disorder, I stayed in denial over my jealousy of your figure. But I still wished I looked like you and mamí instead tall and stick thin. Since my bitchiness is under control, I can easily admit my feelings and hold no shame in fixing my flaws.” Again, she presented her brand new body in a proud pose switching from angle to angle. “What do you think about these? Huh? What do you think about ‘em?”
“Okay, first, Jesse Spano: You’re not even that tall, okay? The WNBA’s not checking for you, so chill out about your height,” Tomika said. “And second, think about this. You said your new prescription had side effects, or whatever, right? They make you super-happy like this morning.”
“Yeah, so?”
“Did you stop to think that maybe they make you super-sad, too? You were fine all summer, but the moment you switched to these new meds, that’s when these feelings came up. It’s not you; it’s the pills. They put you on an emotional roller coaster.”
Like an avalanche, the realization swept over Jina and carried her away. “Oh, my god, you’re right. My prescription must be too strong or something. Instead of just balancing me out, they send me from one extreme to the other. They either send me to a point where I’m too high to be a bitch or a point where I hate myself too much to be a bitch.”
“Ain’t that a bitch?” said Danielle.
“And I just ran out and got these hideous things.”
“Um, Jina—” said Marc.
“Oh, my goodness, what’s mamí gonna say? How am I even gonna explain this? She’s literally gonna murder me. You know she hasn’t been afraid of any form of law enforcement since those Do the Right Thing and NWA days.”
“Jina—” said Tomika.
“Why me? What did I do to deserve a mental disorder? Why do I have to be—”
“Jina!”
“What?”
“Your dollar-store boob job’s acting up.”
Jina looked down at her breasts and gasped as they jostled and rumbled and darted to the right and left. Violent, the spasms grew. Heaving more and more and growing before spectacularly bursting and birthing two hunched and hulking creatures with long black hair, leathery brown skin, and twisted faces. One had a psychotic smile torn into its head and the other had a sight of sorrow. But both with massive breasts stitched onto their bony bodies.
Sheer exhaustion left Jina benumbed to collapse, bleeding into Marc’s arms as he caught her.
“Holy crap!” Danielle screamed before joining the fleeing of the other students who found themselves in the fright of the roaring creatures flashing their razor sharp teeth and swinging their foot-long claws as they bounded down the halls.
“I’ll get Jina to the nurse. You handle those things,” Marc said.
Tomika sighed and shook her head. “Couldn’t even make it through a day without this foolishness.”
Although much of the area had cleared out, two freshman girls found themselves as the unlucky selection for harassment by the monsters. Weeping, they hid their eyes from the grotesque faces dripping a mix of metallic-smelling fluids, and they prayed for a miracle. Just as the creatures raised their arms to strike, Tomika leaped in from the left and served up that wish in the form of a kick that launched the monsters into a scramble to the floor.
“You two okay?” Tomika asked the students. They gave her a nod and hurried away to safety.
Tomika turned back to her enemies who had shaken off the last attack and returned to their feet to emit an even more shrill and furious roar. They charged forward with hands high while Tomika stood her ground and awaited their arrival. One swing of the claws. Another swing. And another. Tomika spun around their jabs before taking one of her own and connecting it right to the face. The sad creature shrieked and stumbled while the happy one continued its onslaught, but Tomika jumped up out of its attack path and left it to bury its claw in the sad creature’s face. Tomika came down from her  flight and kicked both monsters into one of the few decorative brick columns of the hall. She gave a cocky flick of her hips to the creatures as they pulled themselves up, hissing and rolling off low grumbles. “Ain’t na’an chick got more booty in the butt,” Tomika sung tauntingly.
The creatures’ hunchbacks rose and dropped faster and faster as their skin began to bubble and liquefy like mud on boil. The spectacle perplexed Tomika and put a pause on her singing as the two messes spilled together into one new monster. In its rise to double the girl’s height, its skin split open to show red and white strands of meat over its four arms and two legs. And though a featureless head sat atop the behemoth, both creatures’ faces appeared with sharp teeth and dead, bleeding eyes on its enormous chest.
“I take it you guys don’t like that song, huh?”
Both faces shrieked and the body whipped one of its lengthy arms over to Tomika. She jumped backwards to get out of its range, but the arm’s skin ripped even farther and stretched out of a crimson mist to rush a punch into her stomach. Every last hint of air her body held was hacked out in a cough speckled with a small amount of saliva just before her back collided with the wall to knock her consciousness loose. Tomika fell to her hands and knees, holding her muddled head low to bring some life back into her lungs, but the heavy rumble radiating through her palms directed her to look up and observe just how immediate the next attack’s arrival was. One flash of a second ticked between Tomika’s eyes beholding the speeding fist, spiked with bone fragments and the arrival of a heel to pin the arm to the ground, keeping it from reaching her. But it was enough to tighten the valves in her heart and hold off on a beat. She looked up to her savior and took a blinking glimpse. “Jizzelle?”
“Looks like you could use a little help.” Jizzelle ripped her foot from the monster’s meaty limb as Kerou and Morgan dashed up to deliver two flying kicks to the chest-faces. With all four arms flailing like thread in the wind, the monster flopped backwards and crashed back into another column with a weighty, destructive crash. Jizzelle grabbed Tomika’s hand and helped her up. “Let’s finish this thing off.”
Tomika gave an acceding nod and whipped her left arm up to show the bright purple glow of the jewels in her bracelet’s charm. Kerou, Morgan and Jizzelle brought their bracelets up, glowing the same. “Killer charm, go!” they cried in unison. The glow ran up their arms and re-wove their uniforms into the costumes of their alter-egos: Mimi Lenoira, Kayzi Muerte, Jakkie Kae and Minnie Capitan.
“Okay, ladies," said Mimi, "let’s take this thing outside and show it a little of our firepower.”
“Got it,” said the ladies with a nod.
“Wait,” said Minnie. “Firepower like the power of fire or like firepower like we’re shooting at them?”
“Just try to kill it, Minnie.”
“Gotcha.”
The monster made another long-arm assault, but Mimi and Kayzi jumped to avoid it and launched vines from their sleeves to catch the limbs. They bound them backwards into submission as they landed behind the creature. Mimi held a grip on the two left, Kayzi held the right, and they both circled around to the monster’s front to cross the bondage into immobility. The monster roared and jerked to free itself, but the strength was in the girls to hold on and whip the monster through one of the school’s front windows to the lawn.
Minnie jumped through the hole outlined with jagged shards of glass and caught another bound off the stairs’ landing to hover over the monster. By magic in her hand, she called up a glowing circle of grass around the monster and commanded the blades to sharpen and shoot out of the ground. Just as the monster burst from the captivity of the vines, it was met with the green needles piercing deep into every part of its body lined with frayed skin. It bellowed a new guttural call unmistakable for pain as tears of blood trailed out of its faces and raw muscle. The other three girls were the next out of the school, but Jakkie was leading the charge with a jump arcing for a landing fairly close to the flapping beast. A small pink cloud formed out in front of her to catch her landing.
“Pretty Cloud Hop High Kick!” Jakkie’s feet sunk into the airy mass and bounced her back up with a glowing foot to impart a bicycle kick into the monster’s chest to propel it up like a missile.
Mimi ripped her sword out from the holster at her side and snapped the handle down to start up a spinning of the gold hilt that transformed the blade into a black and purple rifle. Minnie retrieved the two halves of her quarterstaff from the holder strapped to her side and combined them side-by-side to transform them into a golden double-barrel shotgun. Kayzi whipped out one of her two Desert Eagle pistols and gave it a short spinning toss  into the air. She took a hold on the other one and pulled back its slider to open up the muzzle, catch the first gun, and transform the assembly into a black and red Thompson submachine gun. All three girls pointed their weapons up to the monster descending quickly and fired on Mimi’s command.
The great boom of the combined blasts rung out behind the brilliant stream of colored bullets to signify something powerful was racing upward, but its action seemed to be neutralized as the monster’s chest-mouths opened widely to suck up the energy of the attack. The faces swelled greater and greater, cheeks glowing from the power packed in as it dropped to the ground, making an impact of a crater.
“Damn it! It absorbed the attack. Girls, get on guard!” Mimi quickly whipped her arm around to command the yard’s concrete path to rip out of the ground and wrap a wall between the monster and themselves just as the monster’s breasts vomited back the blazing torrent aside four bleeding punches. The girls brought a wave of magic up from their charms and leaned into the rock to coat it with a mystic reinforcement but their shield was no match for the amplified might of their own weapons. The eruption tore through the wall like a knife through paper and flung them back through the school-front windows. Like stones over water, they skipped across the floor before smacking into a wall.
“Ugh,” Minnie groaned, “now, I got a body ache to match the headache from this morning.”
“Headache?” said Mimi. “Wait a minute, that’s it! Minnie, are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“Tight, yellow pants aren’t good to wear during your period?”
“No. Well, yeah— Just follow me, ladies.” The girls strained to stand and made a hurried hobbling to the lunchroom per Mimi’s direction.
The monster rocked the school to its far halls as it barreled through the thin stack of bricks between the broken windows. It smacked the ground with its hands and let a roar out, beckoning, challenging, demanding that the girls show themselves. Mimi, Minnie, and Kayzi answered the call and kicked the lunchroom doors open to come forward with their weapons in hand.
“Hey, freak show, you ready to play a carnival game?”
Kayzi sucked her teeth and rolled her eyes. “Mimi, what did I say about those one-liners? If you’re gonna do one, at least make it good.”
“I’m sure that was an undoubtedly bad-ass one-liner, okay?”
“Guys, can we just get this over with?” Jakkie said. She fluttered over to a row of espresso machines against a back wall and turned them on to begin pumping the liquid through three vines.
“Yeah, whatever, the moment’s ruined,” said Mimi. She aimed her rifle and pulled the trigger.
With espresso flowing from the vines into the weapons, the girls unloaded a flurry of caffeinated bullets and just as before, the monster sucked down the energy. The faces expanded and glowed, but as they prepared to fire back, a noticeable change appeared in the body’s motions. Stumbling to and fro, the creature clutched its chest and pressed its claws through its own flesh to clutch its heart that was beating faster. The energy rushed from its chest-cheeks, through its veins, and met in the organ to make it beat harder and harder, stretching and jostling it until it snapped free from its arteries, causing the monster to cry. The energy swirled and circled and stirred all around the heart, bouncing around to enlarge it like a balloon. Growing... growing... bubbling through its claws.
Finally, the swan song of a screech as the monster closed its grip around the offense to stifle it. Like a grape in a vice, the heart juicily burst open to unleash a bright wave that blew through the blood drenched faces and halved the torso. The being heaved over onto its knees and fell forward onto its wet, mutilated chest with a thunderous splatter. Silent and motionless, it leaked out a thick mixture of red and brown before slipping away to a helpless pool spanning the entire floor of the front hall and its dotting of bricks and glass.
The ladies inched up to the mess to assess it and all stood in a unified expression of disgust, but a familiar sweet and savory scent of coffee wafted up. Minnie dipped the edge of her shotgun in the soup and brought it up to her mouth for a lick.
“Minnie! Eww, what the hell?!” Kayzi cried.
“What? It actually taste a little better than Starbucks. There’s an apple-cinnamon taste or something. It’s like a peppery, bacon-apple-coffee taste.” She went in for another dip, but Mimi smacked the weapon down.
“Don’t eat that crap. What if it does something to you?”
“Well, someone needs to figure this taste out and put it on the menu. I’d totally buy it, like, everyday.”
“I can’t believe you’d even think about drinking coffee after what happened this morning.”
“I’m fine. What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.”
“Mentally stronger. You learn from your mistakes.”
“But apparently, you haven’t learned from your mistakes of one liners,” Kayzi said.
“You know what, Kayzi, you can chill the attitude,” Mimi said. “What’s up with you being here all day and not even texting to say ‘hi?’ What, you think you’re better than us ‘cause you’re a senior, now?”
“Where the hell is your attitude coming from, especially after I just saved your butt? No, I don’t think I’m better. I was just busy.”
“It takes, like, ten seconds to say ‘what’s up?’” Mimi said.
“Yeah, but then you respond, and then I respond, and its back and forth, and I can’t do that for all of you. I texted Jakkie at lunch ‘cause that’s all I had time for. Apparently, you were on a date anyway, just like I was. I wanted to talk to my boyfriend.”
Minnie poked her lips out to pout. “No one texted me or took me out for lunch,” she said.
“Aw, I’m sorry.” Jakkie flew over to Minnie and hugged her from the side. “You can come over to my house for the most romantic date of your life. We’ll watch Blue’s Clues and take cider and ice cream shots every time Steve asks us a question.”
“I don’t think I have enough brain cells for a game like that.”
Jakkie and Minnie shared a giggle while Kayzi and Mimi stood at odds, but all broke from their matters when the arrival of an incensed man came into their sight. “Hey! Who the hell made this mess in here?!” cried the janitor.
“It’s the fuzz! Scatter!” Mimi and the ladies darted for the nearest exits and left the mess for the lone man to handle with his lowly mop and bucket.
“I’ll get you, Pretty Killers! I’ll get you yet!”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Okay, Miss Cordova, you’re good to go,” said the school nurse as she finished wrapping gauze around Jina’s chest. “You’ll probably be a tad tender for a few days, but those painkillers should help.”
“Thanks, Nurse Jackie.” Jina began buttoning up her new blouse. “But is it okay to give students pills like this?”
“Well, just keep it our secret. The A-Team has to stick together, you know?” She pointed to her small breasts and smiled. “I hope this whole thing has taught you to be happy with what God gave you. Don’t go changing for whatever or whomever, okay?”
“Believe me, I’ll never get fast surgery again. There’s probably a lesson about prescription drugs, or something here, too, but— I don’t know. Anyway, thanks for the Vicodin.”
As soon as Jina exited the nurse’s office, she was met with the angering presence of Beef who was passing with Shay on the other side of the hall. Jina turned up a sneer and ran up to the boys. “Hey, fat ass! Come here, I’ve got some words for you!”
“Hey, it’s the creampie. I heard your boy boobs committed suicide today.” Beef chuckled while Shay kept a straight face.
“You know what, you can say whatever you want ‘cause I don’t give a crap about having big boobs or a big butt or sounding white or whatever. I am proud to be a creampie, I’m proud to be on the A-Team, I’m proud to be tall and skinny and do you know why?”
“’Cause you’re a highly intelligent girl and no matter what I say, you know that you’ll always be a beautiful example of a black woman and femininity in general?” Beef said.
“’Cause I am a highly intelli— Wait, what did you say?”
“I said you’re smart and beautiful. You’re freakin’ hot. I know that. I just said all of that other stuff earlier ‘cause you weren’t gonna let me hit. But there’s other girls here, so it’s all good.”
“What?! You mean—? And I— All of that?! Arrgh!” Frustrated beyond words, Jina buried her foot into Beef’s crotch to shoot a warm and heavy rush into his stomach as if he swallowed molten bowling balls. The kick lifted him a few inches off the floor and left him to drop immobilized on his knees, cradling his genitals.
“Damn, Jina!” Beef wailed. He rolled onto his side and curled up as far as he could go.
Jina stood directly over the boy and grabbed his face to make sure he saw the heart of her words. “Kiss my flat ass!” She turned to storm away.
Beef groaned in deepening pain as he curled farther.
“It looks like I’m the one with psychic powers, huh?” said Shay. “I told you it wasn’t gonna end well for you, and well, what do you know, it didn’t.”
“Man... suck what’s left of my dick.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

A dim fade of twilight closed an eventful day in the city, but it would serve special for no one more than the twin androids who reveled in their completion of a grand plan as they strolled back into the factory. Both girls dropped onto the stained and tattered couch in the factory’s break room and switched on the television to wait eagerly through car dealership and law firm commercials for the news.
“I can’t believe we actually did it,” said Daisy. “Did you see how many people came in for implants today? We’re gonna have the Pretty Killers out of mother’s hair in no time.”
“Yep. It was a great plan if I say so myself. Not bad for a day’s work. Oh, wait! Here it is!” Peach swiped up the remote and raised the television’s volume.
“And in a surprise turn of events today, Hester Prynne High School in Queen City saw an anomaly attack, the first in nearly 70 days,” said the anchorwoman. “It was not as severe as the attacks in June when we were first introduced to our city’s heroines but still a frightening experience as described by students who say the anomaly burst from the chest of one of the school’s students. We sent our investigators to gather more information on this story, but then we realized that we had no money for investigators or an adequate news program as most people get their news from the Internet. In fact, the latest poll on our website says that most of our viewers are ‘accidental’ ones whose dog stepped on the remote during evening re-runs of The Simpsons. But I digress. The Pretty Killers served up an easy defeat to the anomalies, making us safe for another day. Though they could not make me feel safe from the thought of losing my job because you all prefer a medium that makes people think they’re professionals just because they have a blog or some podcast when really they’re just some jack-off who uses an illegally downloaded copy of Photoshop to make fake nudes of the women from CSI and Lost. No, I’m not angry. I’m just disappointed that I’m still paying off my student loans for those years it took to get my journalism degree only to end up doing the bulk of my reports on specialty pieces about local old ladies making jam and Jesus sightings in various foodstuffs. Screw you and goodnight, Michigan.”
Peach turned the television off and shared an offended gaze with her sister. “What do they mean an easy defeat? They were supposed to be the fiercest, most vicious monsters out there. They should have ripped those girls apart and pissed in their blood.”
Daisy threw her head back and covered her face in shame. “Mother’s so gonna kill us. I don’t know what went wrong. I thought I enhanced the DNA perfectly.”
“Not so easy, is it?” said Kayleigh who took a seat on the armchair adjacent to the couch.
Both girls screamed, wide-eyed in horror as they sprung up from their seats to put up their guard on the woman’s arrival.
“Mom, I can explain—”
“You’ve got to understand—”
“We just—”
Kayleigh held up her hand and beckoned for their silence. “Calm down, girls. I’m not angry.”
“Oh, god, she’s disappointed. That’s even worse. She’s definitely gonna kill us now.”
“I’m not disappointed and I’m not gonna kill you. I’m proud. You took the initiative to formulate such a devious plot that can not only auto-clone the anomalies, but prolong their life span through the use of a virus.” Kayleigh held up a notebook fancifully decorated with sketches of smiling cookies. “I read your plans after you left, and they’re pretty amazing. All this time, I tried to clone the anomalies, but you came up with a virus. It’s genius.”
“I just figured that we’d put this virus into the people, it would lie dormant and then when a catalyst affects the host—such as a food or stress or something—it would trigger the virus to go into hyperdrive and use the host to generate an anomaly. The people would just be vessels making the anomalies for us, and since it’s a virus, it might be able to spread through contact with each other.” 
“Out of the few samples that I had, you two figured out a way to turn it into maybe hundreds of anomalies. That’s amazing.”
“Yeah, but the Pretty Killers defeated them like it was nothing. They said it on the television.”
“You honestly don’t believe that taking over the world is that simple, do you? It takes patience, planning, and tenacity. Every good villain tries over and over and over. But you made our over and over automatic which gives us time to work on other projects.”
“Like what? All the samples are gone. We used them for the implants.”
“Not all of them.” Kayleigh opened up her jacket and pulled from her pocket a vial of a viscous yellow liquid.
“What’s that?”
“It looks like popcorn butter,” said Peach.
“Oh, my god, it totally does look like—”
“It’s not butter!” Kayleigh said.
“Oh, my god, I can’t believe it’s not butter!” said Peach. She burst into a laugh.
Daisy began laughing, but both girls stopped when they took notice of their mother’s stern eyes. “Sorry,” they whispered.
“It’s a sample from the final anomaly that attacked Northern State. It was radiated from the bomb FEMA dropped on it, making it totally different from all the others. I’ve got big plans for this, but for now, I want you two to do what you best.”
“Dance?” asked Peach.
“Doi, Peach, she wants us to collect information. Why would she want us to dance?” said Daisy.
“I don’t know. I thought she wanted us to have fun since we created the anomaly implants and everything.”
“Anyway, just keep collecting information for now, and leave the other details to me,” Kayleigh said. “I promised your aunt Niki that her death would be avenged and we’re going to make sure it will be. Right, girls?”
“Right, mother,” said Daisy confidently.
“Right,” said Peach. “But can we get some popcorn first? That not-butter made me totally hungry.”
“Oh, my god, we should totally watch a movie, too. I vote for Soul Plane.”
“No way. Two Can Play That Game,” said Peach.
“Soul Plane!”
“Two Can Play That Game!”
“Soul Plane!”
“Two Can Play That Game!”
Kayleigh could only shake her head at the bickering in the midst of an important affair. A sigh prefaced the defeat she felt in the fray, but also the acceptance of the world she had created for herself and its future. All of these feelings captured in a simple utterance: “Test tube children.”




Chapter Three
The Kitty Still Bites


“And that’s how Twitter’s success as a social network works with the idea of modernism,” said Kerou to her sheaf of slumping students. “Okay, pop quiz, guys!”
 The class collectively emitted an annoyed groan.
“I thought you said this class was gonna be fun,” Beef whined.
“Well, I’ve gotta test your knowledge periodically to make sure you’re learning.” Kerou walked from her place center-stage in front of the class to her desk where she climbed up onto it and sat with her legs folded under her. “Besides, this test is, like, super-easy. Just take out a half-sheet of paper, and when you’re done come up and pick up your essays from last week.”
Not without indignation, the class complied.
“Question one: name two pop singles from 2002 that were re-workings of rap songs.”
The class exchanged confused glances and murmurs, but they did their best to form an answer to the inquiry.
“Question two: Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag from MTV’s The Hills show signs of what two personality disorders?”
Befuddled and frustrated frowns remained about the students, but the soft tapping and scraping of writing gave the indication that guesses were being made.
“Question three: According to sociologist Max Weber, what term can be used to describe a capitalist and modernistic society?” She gave the students a few seconds to scribble down their answers and continued on to the final question. “And lastly: what is the point of this quiz? ...If you answer ‘there is no point’ I’ll staple your test to your face and fail you.”
Quickly, some students flipped their pencils and commenced to furious erasing. But while many were hung up on a remaining half of the first problem, out of the ocean of desperation came one student with a completed quiz. It was Shay. He went up to Kerou’s desk and exchanged his answers for the key out of the class.
“Good job on your essay,” Kerou whispered. “I knew you’d be able to elaborate on the ideological correlations between Kanye West and Lady GaGa. Your analysis of the Taylor Swift incident was well thought out. Maybe we could discuss your premise more in-depth sometime?”
“Thanks. And yeah, sure, whatever.”
“Have a good day.”
Shay gave a nod and went about his way, but it was not long before Beef caught up with him on his way to his locker. The fumes of a petulant kid were about him, and while it was obvious that his displeasure was with the pop quiz that he guessed through, his poor grade on his essay added to it.
“Man, can you believe this crap?” Beef said. “How are we only two weeks into school and I’m already failing? I mean how am I supposed to know Hannah Montana doesn’t work as a depiction of schizophrenia or bipolarity? I don’t watch that crap. I swear I hate this class.”
“You know if you’re having trouble with anything you can ask me for help,” said Shay. “And for what it’s worth I think Miss K. keeps the class pretty interesting.”
“Miss K. is a little kid who doesn’t know what she’s doing. I mean what was up with that quiz?”
“The point of it was to enforce the idea from the syllabus that sociology is such an integral part of our lives that it can be tied into the most inane of topics such as a vapid reality show or old pop songs. The first question was a total pop culture question, the third was totally sociological, and the second tied the two matters together. Her quiz was a commentary on how a balance of fun and education makes for a good student.”
“Whatever. All I’m saying is you’re lucky that Miss K. has a crush on you. Your essay was probably just as bad as mine and you still got a good grade.”
Shay chuckled. “What do you mean she has a crush on me?”
“Come on, dude, I’ve noticed how she looks at you and talks to you. It’s been like that since the first day. She gives you the little smile and the compliments and everything.”
“She does that with everyone. That’s her nature.”
“No. I know girls. I study girls. She is always flirting with you, and I don’t know why you haven’t done something about it yet.” Suddenly, a light switched on in Beef’s brain and illuminated a path to success. “Dude, you should totally date Miss K.! You can bang her and get good grades at the same time, and then when the time’s right you can see if she can help your boy out, you know?”
“Okay, first of all, I don’t wanna ‘bang’ Miss K. She’s a kid; it’s weird. And second of all, why don’t you just try a bit harder in school? It doesn’t hurt to just try.”
“Come on, man, the whole point of high school is to figure out ways not to work hard. That’s the point of school, period: learning ways to make the world work for you. And you said to ask if I needed your help with something.”
“I meant like tutoring, not having sex with our teacher. How does that even seem like a good idea to you?”
“Uh, because my batting average for good ideas is well over one hund— One thou— Whatever a good batting average is.”
“In the little bit of time I’ve known you, I don’t think anything you’ve ever said has been a good idea. Remember your idea for a Facebook just for black people?”
“Yeah, so?”
“You wanted to call it BlackFace.”
“Sorry, but I don’t see the problem.”
“What about last week when you got kicked in the junk?”
“Dude, whatever. We’re not talking about me. We’re talking about you and Miss K. It’s not like I’m asking you to marry her. Just date her for a couple of weeks and see if she’ll ease up on the work a little. Just long enough for me to catch up.”
“It’s not really in me to use a girl like that. I just can’t.”
“See, that’s the problem with new millennium men. They don’t know how to finesse a woman without catching feelings and stuff. What happened to those days when we didn’t love them hoes?”
“Dude, don’t call her that word. She’s only 14.”
“Oh, so you do care about her.”
“Well, yeah, I care about her which is why—”
“Listen, if I can try to do better at working, then you can try to ask Miss K. out. Hurry up, go to her class before she leaves.”
Shay sighed. “All right, I’ll at least ask, but only because I know she’s going to say no. But I’m starting to question the nature of this friendship.”
“Come on man, you know it’s quid pro quo with us. If you ever need me to do a girl for you, call me and I’ll be there with some snacks. ‘Cause you know I always wanted to do a girl while eating a burger.” Beef began simulating a hastened but steady rhythm of intercourse while chomping on an imaginary burger. “You know what I’m saying? Special sauce, dude.” He continued acting out his culinary pleasure fantasy sending Shay into a chill of discomfort as he made a swift leave for Kerou’s room, leaving the boy to his vulgar vagaries to the distaste of a passing teacher.
“Mr. Kilroy!” the teacher cried.
“What?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Anxious sat the swans and the maladroit ducks of dancers, all awaiting the judgment of their grace and praying for luck in the calling. There in chattering rows, flocked in the grandstands of the gymnasium, Jina’s heart pounded wildly. It was not from running nerves, but from the burning ambition of a girl who had just put everything she had into an audition for the prominent spot of head cheerleader for the school’s squad. And if the stark eyes of Coach Mademoiselle Michelle were not enough to bring the girls down to quivering messes, the reputation of her termination from the Royal Academy of Dance for damaging her students deeply mentally and  physically would surely do so. But Jina’s confidence in her slight would not slip for since childhood she had been expertly trained in the act. It was as easy as breathing. The work was the waiting, and wait she did.
“God, Jina, how can you be so relaxed?" said Jayla. "I’m nervous and I’m not even the one who just auditioned.” She paced back and forth before Jina who was sitting posture perfect with her legs crossed and her hands on her knees.
“I swear you're always worried, Jay.” Jina grabbed Jayla by her arm and pulled her down to take a seat beside her. “I know I did my best. There’s nothing to worry about. Of course I made the team.”
“I don’t know, Jina. Coach Mademoiselle Michelle didn’t seem too impressed. She was just sitting there stone-faced with those creepy eyes and that creepy stick like a French Gandalf.”
“I’ve never heard of that dancer before, but Coach Michelle is an artist and a teacher, and if you put those two things together, you get something kinda scary-strange. All dance instructors are like that. They have to be firm so they can bring out the greatness in their pupils and put on the greatest shows in one of the greatest mediums of entertainment ever. Cheerleaders have evolved from that old-school rah-rah-nympho-Debbie-Does-Dallas crap. We are highly athletic and acrobatic performance artists responsible for psyching up the crowd so the team can feed off of that energy and bring a victory to their peers. Cheerleaders are an invaluable part of every game, so it’s only fitting that we’d have such a devoted-to-dance coach and I will take the utmost pride in serving under her tutelage.”
“Wow. Sounds like someone’s been sipping a bit of that school spirit Kool-Aid,” said Danielle who was sitting behind the girls and twiddling through her mobile phone’s text messages.
“I have, and it tastes as great as Solange Knowles thought she could act in Bring It On: All or Nothing.”
“D’accord, moppeets, regarde-moi,” said Coach Mademoiselle Michelle as she emerged from her office barefoot and clad in a leotard and tights with thick black legwarmers. She approached the girls, steps opposite of each touchdown of her signature, body-length, wooden staff that had blue and pink silk scarfs tied around the top and a trio of small clacking skulls hanging from short strings. “I ‘ave reviewed ma notes, and after vomiting up ma lunch from replaying in ma head some of those ghastly spastic flailings that you called dancing, I ‘ave made decision. The position of head cheerleader goes to zee girl that showed zee slightest inkling of professional training amongst you prissy putes adolescentes, and that girl is Miss Marcelle.”
Danielle shot her gaze up from her phone. “Oh, my God! Me? I’m the head cheerleader?! I made the team?”
“Yes. Your dancing was very syncopated and studied. Perfect for cheerleading. Good job.”
“I knew doing that musical episode of Hautemonde would pay off someday. So what if I lost that Best Actress Gemini Award to Hélène Joy—that Australian bitch. I’m the star, now.”
“As for zee rest-a my teem...” Pointing with her stick, the coach singled out various girls, leaving turns of dejection at each call. “All but you, you, you, and you, zee skinny one with zee attitude.”
Jina was appalled to have had the coach’s wood pointing at her face. “Me?!” She scoffed and jumped up from her seat to follow after Coach Mademoiselle Michelle as she went back to her office. “How could I have not made the team? I was the best out there.”
“Obviously, you weren’t or you would’ve made zee teem.”
“But Coach Michelle—”
“Coach Mademoiselle Michelle.”
“Coach Mademoiselle Michelle, can you at least tell me what I did wrong? I stuck all of my flips and splits and stuff. I smiled, I did everything. What happened?”
“I ‘ave made ma decision. I don’t ‘ave to explain it. Good day, moppet.” She slammed the door in Jina’s face.
“I don’t frickin’ believe this!” Jina growled and punched the wall, leaving a dent in the gray brick.
“Calm down, Jina. Take a couple of breaths,” said Jayla. “So, you didn’t make the team. It’s not the end of the world.”
“I don’t understand. I know I was the best out there. You saw me.” Jina sighed and threw her back against the wall. She folded her arms and sunk into her sadness.
“I did, and you were awesome. And if it’s any consolation, you can put on your cheerleader outfit and dance for me whenever you want.”
“This is no time for jokes, Jay. I’m in crisis mode here.”
Jayla shifted her eyes to the side and chuckled. “Jokes, right.” She cleared her throat and put on a straight face. “Anyway, I know how much this meant to you, but like you said: She’s an artist and artists are strange. Who knows what was going on in her mind.”
Letting Jayla’s words float between them, Jina glanced out at all of the other girls celebrating their accomplishment. And in their sprightly displays of excitement a certain trait of the chosen ones dawned on her. “I think I know what was going on. Look at the girls. What do you notice about all of the girls that made the team?”
Jayla pitched her eyes from to girl to girl to girl, straining to make an assessment. “Um... they’re all kinda hot?”
“Yeah, but what about them makes them hot?”
“Well, that’s kinda subjective—”
“In one way or another, they’re all curvy, Jayla. And look at all of the girls who didn’t make it. They’re all like me.”
“That’s gotta be a coincidence. Coach Mademoiselle Michelle wouldn’t intentionally omit the flat-chested girls. I mean she’s got some nice ones, but she’s not exactly a Katie Price. And honestly, the girls that didn’t make it weren’t all that good anyway. I mean most of them didn’t have the foresight to put on a sports bra.”
“I don’t know, Jay. I smell shenanigans and we Cordovas don’t exactly have the most sensitive noses. That’s why my mamí smells like the whole perfume counter at Macy’s.” Jina went to the coach’s door and pounded on it.
“You sure what you’re smelling isn’t just all of that teen spirit wafting around here?”
“Funny,” said Jina, sneering. She gave another rap on the door.
“Don’t you think you’re blowing this out of proportion, Jina?”
“That’s another trait of Cordovas. We’re heavy-scented drama queens. And proud of it, too.” She pounded on the door again. “Open up, Coach Michelle. I’ve gotta talk to you.”
The coach flung her door open. “I told you before, moppet, it is Coach Mademoiselle Michelle. Now, what do you want?”
“Did you intentionally pick well-endowed girls for the team?”
“Maybe. So what? It ees ma team. Now, run along and go play with a wet hair dryer.” She began to shut her door, but Jina strong-armed it to stay open.
“Don’t you think that’s a little unfair? Not to mention stupid?”
“Don’t you tell me what is unfair. I know unfair. It’s when a six-year-old dreams of being the doll in zee theater’s performance of Coppélia, but she’s turned away for looking more ‘ours en peluche’ than fragile porcelain because she was cursed with two maestros of pastry making for parents. So she diligeently practices until she can leap from the ground and land en pointe on a railing, but her dawn to dusk dancing does nothing to burn away zee shame of a midnight tart consumed to slow tears of derisory peers who focus not only on her physique but her parents’ second occupation as legacy carnal performance artists. All expected her to dash away her dreams of grace and delicacy and to take up zee note of a second hundredth year in burlesque, but she resolved to burden her many mothers with zee name of an instructor who took zee storied history of her institution to try to break from the ordinaire, who would take on all shapes of beauty as charges. But they gave her the brushes! Brooms! Then wonder how they would break easily under her forging. Damn those ignoble, cleft-toothed Brits. Damn them and any uppity teen who hopes to steal away an inaugural victory by the paws of a group that for too long has been shunned by dance.”
“Wait, what? Who’s been shunning curvy girls from dance?” Jayla said. “There are plenty of ballets with full-figured—”
“Silence, moppet!”
Jayla squeaked and dove behind the firm guard of Jina.
“I don’t care how screwed up your childhood is. Everyone’s is. I was supposed to die in the womb which is all the more reason I’m proud to be standing here today, small breasts and all. And this uppity teenager will happily show you that dancing is in the heart, not in the chest.”
“Uh, Jina—”
“I know what I said.”
“Good for you, dear. Then could you proudly reemove yourself from my sight because there is no way you will ever be on a team led by me. If I feel it is in my correct thinking to select a certain winning body type, so be it. Zee superintendent has given me liberty to do what I feel is necessary to bring a championship. Sue him.”
“I’ll do better than that. I challenge you to a competition. Here in the gym, tomorrow evening. We’ll let the student body pick who they think should represent their school. Deal?” Jina held her hand out to shake on acceptance.
Coach Mademoiselle Michelle took the handshake with the end of her stick and stared deeply into the fire of Jina’s eyes. “Challenge accepted, moppet. And I can assure it’ll be a pleasure showing you that if you don’t have teets, you don’t have sheet.”
Jina broke her grip, but held her gaze. “Bring it on, chienne.”
“I swear this school wasn’t like this last year,” Jayla said.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Afternoon turned to evening and a setting sun floated behind the blinds of the quaint, little loft that Kerou and her family called home. It was only a shade dark as the elevator doors opened to the silently still living room into which Shay followed the girl.
“Nice place you’ve got here. Very modern, but still cozy,” Shay said. “The, uh... the color scheme’s inviting.”
“Thanks. My sister and I were in charge of redecorating after my dad got rid of all of his retro junk. They’re at the dentist right now. She’s getting braces. Have a seat. I’ll get us a snack.”
Shay sat down on the couch and slipped into comfort. “I guess Beef was right; this isn’t so bad,” he thought. “I think I could pull this off for a few more dates. Maybe this could turn into a nice relationship. Kerou and Shay... I like that.”
“I hope you like strawberries,” Kerou said as she placed a small bowl of fruit with a side cup of whipped cream down on the cocktail table. She sat next to Shay.
“Uh... yeah, sure. I guess.”
“Awesome,” Kerou drawled as she slowly swirled one of the plump red fruits in the cream. She carefully brought it up to Shay’s mouth. “Here. Open up.”
Slightly hesitant, Shay took a bite.
“How’s it taste?”
“Good. I guess.”
“Yeah. Strawberries and cream is definitely one of my favorite snacks. My favorite part’s the cream. You can put it on anything sweet and it just makes it, like, ten times better.” Kerou lapped up a little helping of the white froth with her middle finger and eased it onto her tongue. She slowly slid her finger from her lips, all the while looking right into Shay’s eyes. 
“Miss K...., what are you doing?”
“I told you, we’re on a date. You call me Kerou. But if you wanna call me Miss K. when we do it, that’d be so hot.”
“Do it?” Shay’s voice was dry and shaky. “Do what?”
“Screw, silly.” She put a dab of cream on his nose.
“Screw silly?!”
“Yeah, you know, have hot, unprotected, Catholic sex? I’ve just been dying for an after-school special since we’ve met.”
Apprehension grabbed Shay’s throat and choked him from the inside. He gently crept to the farthest edge of the couch. “Don’t you— Don’t you think you’re rushing into that whole thing? I mean it’s our first date.”
“All of my sisters were about my age when they were having sex and they didn’t exactly follow the three-week rule if you know what I mean. But what’s the problem, Shay? We’re just having a little teenage fun.” Kerou crawled over to the boy, but his defense was at its highest.
“Listen, Kerou, I’m all for teenage fun, but I just don’t think it’s something we should rush into. You’re a smart girl; you know that sometimes it’s best to wait until you’re ready for some things.”
“Judging from the state of my underwear, I’d say I’m ready.”
Shay shot up from his seat. “Okay, listen Kerou, I can’t do this. I— I— I just, I’d feel like I’d be taking advantage of you, you know? The rule for having sex with someone younger than you is half your age plus seven which makes my limit 15. The disparities in our ages, it just doesn’t work... according to the rules, you know?”
“How considerate, Shay. You’re worried about my innocence. That’s so noble of you.”
“Yeah, that’s what I wanna do,” he said. He was content with the words between them. “I want to protect your innocence if only for a couple more years. You understand, right?”
“I understand completely. You wanna role play. Switch it up a bit. I’m the teacher so I boss you around every day, but now you wanna be the dominant one and make me the helpless little girl. I get to be your little high-risk borrower and you’re gonna screw me so hard with the worst sub-prime mortgage the economy has ever seen. God, this is like a wet dream come true.”
“Did you just make a sexual fantasy out of the housing crisis?”
“I thought a Mary Kay Letourneau reference would’ve been kinda uninspired. Besides, people say that geniuses aren’t exactly normal-wired people, but that just means that I can probably come up with some tricks that’ll make the Kama Sutra look like first grade gymnastics.”
“Okay. Kerou, seriously, I can’t do this. I’m sorry, I just can’t.”
“Well, we don’t have to do a finance fantasy. You can be Bill Wyman and I can be Mandy Smith.”
“No, I mean— Wait, what?” Shay stopped, slapped in the face by Kerou’s reference, but he dismissed the issue for clarity upon his true concern at hand. “What I’m saying is that this thing is just crazy, it’s discomforting.”
“But why?” Kerou whined. “I’m here, I want sex. Isn’t this what guys like? I thought that this was a part of the whole boyfriend-girlfriend thing.”
“Kerou, we just went on a date to a movie. I wouldn’t exactly call us boyfriend and girlfriend. And really, the sexual deviant thing is a big turn-off to some guys. Me, especially.”
Kerou sat properly. “So, what are you saying?”
“I’m saying that you’re a nice girl, and you don’t have to be super-sexual for a guy.”
“No, not that. You said you don’t really like me.”
“What? No. I just said that we’ve barely done anything to get exclusive with labels, you know?”
Kerou’s face began to drop to sadness “You don’t wanna be my boyfriend, do you?”
Shay sat by Kerou’s side as she brought her knees up to her chest to rest her chin on them. “That’s not what I meant. I was just saying that—”
“Ever since I saw High School Musical I’ve always imagined what it’d be like to have a boy like me the way Troy liked Gabriella, to sit next to my sweetheart in math class and go to dances and to movies and talk on the phone for hours about nothing, and to just know that we’d be together no matter what. And I know that it’s just a movie, but the worst part is that I can’t even have a regular reality.” Kerou looked up and let her misty eyes walk into Shay’s. “I’m not like other people, Shay. I never have been, and as much as I wanted to go to high school like a regular teen I knew that I would’ve been so bored out of my mind. That’s how it was through grade school. But I just wanted to be normal, so I declined every offer teachers gave me to skip grades. I just wanted to go through all the experiences of each grade like a regular kid, but I couldn’t stand the monotony for another four years, so I became a teacher. Then, I met you; one of the smartest guys in my class. And I thought that maybe we could still make that movie scene a real scene. But you don’t feel the same, do you?”
“Kerou, I—”
“Just tell me, Shay. Don’t dance around my words. And don’t take my heart if you really don’t want it. I don’t want you to get into something if you’re not totally committed. I’ll understand.”
Shay watched a little tear slide down her nose as she broke the lock between their sight. A double shot of guilt circled his stomach, stirring the words he wanted to say and the ones he could not bear to utter. Such a devilish pain it was to know that he was about to break the heart of a pretty little dreamer, fragile and made only worse in memories of his initial intention to set ties with the girl. He sighed. The heartless words were ready. But if only he could be them. Or fake them like before.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Okay, ladies, let’s try it one more time," Jina said, breathing half-laboriously in her athletic wear. Her hair was strewn stringy over her face made sticky from sweat. "And this time I want you all to dance like you’ve got an ex-con husband with a fully-loaded gun to your head ‘cause he just caught you with your new man, and he is way better-looking than him. I need more drive, more passion, more dance. Just ‘cause we’re a bunch of sticks, that doesn’t mean we’re not a strong bundle together.”
Whines, whimpers, and wails of grief were heavily abound the hastily cobbled band of rejects. Through hours upon hours of practice that pushed well past the limits of human ability, the once-earnest group had been boiled down to a vitiated pile of pain shriveled on the floor of the studio in the spacious basement of Jina’s home. The fire that used to be ambition was now only a burn of overheated organs.
“Come on, Jina, I think we’ve got it,” said one of the girls. “Do we really need to run the routine one more time?”
“Yeah, it’s almost 10:00 and we’ve still got school tomorrow.”
“I don’t care if this takes until 2:00 in the morning,” Jina said. “We are going to practice this routine until our steps are so in sync that we can tell what each other is thinking.”
“But Jina—”
“No buts. I demand nothing short of ten-times-perfection. I mean do you think Michael Jackson—”
“Let me stop you there,” Tomika said, sitting spectator with a slice of pizza in hand. “Whatever you’re about to say: too soon.”
“Why are you still here, Tomika?” Jina asked.
“Nothin’ good on TV. Plus, watching these girls learn how to dance was reality-show-hilarious. Seriously, girls, you all sucked. Like neutron-star-plus-black-hole-gravitational-pull suck. The level of your suck was astronomical. But you all good now, so whatevs.”
“All I heard was that we’re good. Can we go home now?”
“Yeah, this isn’t as fun as I thought it was going to be. And if you ask me, I think you’re taking this small boobs thing way too far. If the Coach wants to make a team with chicks with boobs and butts, then so what? Deal with it.”
“Yeah, can’t we just laugh at them when they screw up their basket catches ‘cause not one person on the team has the body to be a flier?”
“This isn’t even about the boobs anymore,” Jina said. “This is about fighting discrimination. The coach made idiotic selections in compiling that team and you all know it. But besides that, we know we can represent the student body better than she can and we’ve got to show her we can cheer for a team better than she ever could.”
“Translation: I need you bitches to make me look good in front of this woman or else,” said Tomika.
Jina rolled her eyes and blew out a sharp sigh. “Tomika, just ‘cause you were born with as much rhythm as Thom Yorke on a ice rink, that doesn’t give you the right to belittle my passion for dance. Now, if you’re not gonna be constructive, I suggest you leave.”
Tomika ignored Jina and looked to the girls. “Go home, girls. Take a bath and rub some balm on your legs and reconsider taking legal action.”
A collection of sighs resounding signaled the girls’ acceptance of their dismissal and after a symphony of joints cracking, the girls picked themselves up off the floor and filed out upstairs.
“Wait, wait, where are you going? We’re not done here. Get back to your positions.” Jina growled and whipped around to her sister. “What the frick, Tomika? What gives you the idea that you could just take over my rehearsal? Dancing is about precision, and that takes practice and proper planning. I don’t know if you get it, so let me explain it in a way that your nerd brain can understand: You don’t play Tetris by waiting for one of those log thingies to drop in, okay?”
“First off, I ain’t a nerd. General browsing of comics and video games doesn’t make one a nerd. Second, a Tetris reference? Come on, light-skin, you can do better than that.”
“I don’t know many video games. That’s the last one I played.”
“You know that ain’t true. You pretty much pioneered the duck lips bathroom self-shot picture with the Game Boy Camera.”
“I’d love to go down memory lane with you, baby sister, but I’ve got more important matters to worry about. The competition tomorrow is very, very, very important to me. You know I was a cheerleader back at North River High, and I need to continue my legacy here at Hester Prynne. How can I get into a good college if my application looks like ‘Oh, she forgot about athletics for a year? She’s probably the type that’ll forget about university for a year.’”
“Does your athletics portion really matter? You’ve got pretty good grades and I’m sure mom can cover tuition. What else is she going to do with all that money besides constantly purchasing and ruining electronic devices when she can’t figure out how to work them?”
Jina rushed up to Tomika and held her by the shoulders. “You don’t understand, baby sister. People are supposed to love me. No one tells me no. Do you know what it meant for that coach to tell me that I would never be on her team? It meant I was a loser. And I don’t like being a loser. Losers have bad skin and body odor. But me? I constantly glow and smell like candy. Why? Because I get what I want. So if a couple of reject bitches have to die for me to get what I want, so be it.”
“Calm down, Little Debbie Allen,” Tomika said, pushing her way out of the girl’s grip. “Take one of your literal chill pills and call it a night. Those girls were at the best that they were gonna get and being a dance Nazi wasn’t gonna do anything more for them.”
“Being a Nazi is the only way you get to the top of anything in this world. You have to be calculating and diligent and— Wow, I was in trouble three words into this thought. Maybe I do need to take a rest.” Jina took a seat beside Tomika.
“Listen, Jina, I know how much dancing and this cheerleading position means to you, but killing those girls isn’t gonna help you win this thing. You’ve got all those flips and splits and all that awesome choreography, but the odds are still kinda against you. Our school has 6,982 students. If you take out all of the hatin’-ass girls, the guys and girls with boob fetishes, and everyone that was freaked out when you birthed those anomalies last week, that just leaves you with, like, a 30-something percent chance of winning.”
“And I reiterate: nerd! Why didn’t you tell me this before we spent five hours practicing this routine?”
“Because a chance of anything is a reason to try. And besides, I told you it was frakkin’ hilarious watchin’ those girls learn to dance. I thought it was, like, impossible to find people more uncoordinated than me, and you found not one, but five people. But you taught them well and they totally kill now. You guys are so money, Lehman Brothers wants to knock you up.”
“But you said I can’t win anyway, so what does it matter?”
“I said you had a low chance of winning, not that you couldn’t win. What you need is a hook to help pull yourself out of that handicap that your team is going to have with the audience.”
“So what do you suggest I do?”
“Don’t worry about it. Now, as you can obviously see, I happen to be a member of the ‘oppressive antithesis’ to your body type—” Along with her fingers to act as quotation marks, Tomika rolled her eyes. “But I’m still going to help your deluded ass out. Just get a good night’s sleep.” She hopped up from her seat and departed for upstairs.
“Wait! What do you mean?”
“We’ll talk in the morning. Take a shower and go to sleep.”
Anticipation and reluctance played tug-of-war in Jina’s gullet, but she put her trust in Tomika for tomorrow and settled her anxiety with sigh and a helping of herself to a nibble of pizza. “Oh, God, Domino’s.” Immediately, she gagged and spit the food back out. “Jesus Christ, can Michigan make a quality anything?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Careful to keep his legs at a distance apart, Shay gimped down the school’s hallway, wincing with each step. The burn in his lap was more than a torturing reminder of the previous evening when he traded the truth for morals, but it was not unbearable enough to dissuade him from carrying on through a day. Maybe he wanted to punish himself. On his way to his locker, Beef joined him in his walk of shame.
“So, what’s up? Are we homework free?” Beef grew concerned by the awkward gait of Shay. “Why are you walkin’ like that? Looks like your legs are afraid of your nuts or something.”
“My nuts are on fire, dude. For a fun-sized girl, Miss K. sure has a lot of... enthusiasm.”
Beef’s eyes widened with wonder. “Dude, you and Miss K. did it? That is awesome! Good job, man. I knew you were man enough for this job. Give me the details. Is her carpet pink like her hair?”
“Can we be mature about this?”
“Oh, my bad. Is her pubic region pink like her hair?”
“Seriously, dude, I can’t do this again. Miss K. really thinks I’m in love with her and I don’t like playing with her feelings like that. I’ve got to end this as soon as I see her.”
“Come on, man, we’re talking about the power to go without homework here. So she’s a little rough and so you’ve gotta fake love. What’s the problem? This is what guys do.”
“This is what some guys do. I’m not like you, Beef. Our ideas about women are planets apart and you just don’t get that. I mean I can’t understand how anyone could use a person like that, especially someone as kind as Miss K. And for what? Just to get out of work? That’s that kind of crap that ruins it for the rest of us black people. Seriously. As soon as I see Miss K. I’m telling her about the whole thing.”
“Dude, you can’t.”
“Uh, yeah, I think I can.”
“Why are you actin’ so gay about this? Wait, are you... you know?” Beef fluttered his hand around as if he were ringing a small bell. “Not an advocate of the jenna, perhaps?”
“The what?”
“You know, jenna? Vagina. Like how dick means penis.”
“No, it’s not that. It’s just my grandmother. I promised her I’d never break a girl’s heart. And how was I suppose to deny a dying woman’s last wish?”
Beef turned his nose up. “I would’ve respected you more if you said you were gay. At least we’d have had an interesting dynamic in our relationship. I mean what’s hilarious about two hetero guys hanging out together?”
“I mean it. I promised her I’d never break a girl’s heart after she died from a broken one. When my grandfather disappeared during World War II, he left my grandmother with two kids and a bunch of bills. She waited for some sort of word on his state of being, but then a member of his platoon came home to tell her that he had died. He also gave her a letter that he had intended to send to her. It told her that he was seeing someone else on the other side of town, and he meant to tell her before he was shipped off but couldn’t figure out to say it correctly. She began to have problems with her heart right after that and they worsened all the way up to her death a few years back. But right before she died, she made me promise to never do to a girl what my grandfather did to her.”
“Okay, other than that being the most puss-tastic story I’ve ever heard, I don’t think your grandmother died from a broken heart if she lived all the way to see your birth. Sounds like she had heart disease or something. Was she one of those fat grandmas like mine? Could’ve been diabetes too.”
“Can you just take the story for what it was? I can’t lead a girl on the way I was doing, okay? Not with my grandma watching from heaven. I’m ending this lie between me and Miss K.”
“Well, can you lead a dude on? Whatever it takes so we don’t have to write so many essays and stuff.”
“Dude, no! I’m not gay. If not doing work means so much to you, then why don’t you go trick one of these other teachers?”
“No way, man. Miss K. hates me and these other teachers are, like, old. And this right here...” Beef commenced to repeating his fantasy intercourse motions. “This is strictly for the chicks, not the hens.” He continued his thrusting, stronger than ever.
“Mr. Kilroy!” cried the teacher from the day before.
“Bitch, is you stalking me or something?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The evening had come, and the battle was on in every sense. The fervor was high and nearly suffocating. Bass rumbled the walls of the gymnasium as Coach Mademoiselle Michelle’s squad danced with an exceptional amount of precision, stepping, swaying, and tossing all in perfect time with the genre-diversified music mix she had compiled. Even the jiggling of the girls’ breasts had been tamed to move with rhythm for added effect. Coach Mademoiselle Michelle stood proudly on the sidelines as the stands of students grew ever more astounded by the flips going higher and moves more stunning. Hip-hop, jazz, interpretive, ballet. Such an eclectic performance it was, not without its persuading sensuality for whomever would partake. Jina and her team kept straight faces so as not to relay emotion to their opposition. And ultimately their concentration was fixed on their performance. One that they knew would be unequivocally superior than the amplified textbook of dancing that was currently on display.
Danielle helicoptered down into her spotters’ arms, sprung into a forward somersault, and landed in a leg split right before the crowd. She threw up a peace sign with  wink for the garnish on an astounding entree that the students properly ate up. They erupted into cheers and whoops and screams for the acrobatics they had just witnessed.
“My God, they love me. They really love me,” Danielle said.
“Newsflash captain: There’s no ‘I’ in ‘team’.”
“But there’s definitely a ‘me’ and an ‘at’ in ‘team’ and they love me at this time.”
The other girls rolled their eyes and made their exit, leaving their captain statue-like placid in her narcissism. Superintendent Boss Hogg Hicks took his place center court and ushered the girl away to join her team. He hiked his pants up around his profusely round belly, making sure his confederate flag belt buckle was visible, and went about his master of ceremony duties. “All right, now, that was your current spirit squad. They were great, right? Woo-ee! The crops are ready to harvest on those fillies, huh?”
The guys and girls made their opinions evident with an uproar of hoots and wolf-whistles. Coach Mademoiselle Michelle and the squad happily basked in the adoration with waves, bowing, and curtsies.
“Okay, settle down. We’ve still got to see what the challengers have brought to this showdown. All I can say is that I hope they’ve got some mighty fine moves ‘cause the spirit squad already brought the big guns. Here’s Jina Cordova and her A-Team.”
The lights turned down and he hurried off the court as the girls took their marks at half court to stand as steady as soldiers, hands behind their backs, dressed as such also.
“Rhythm nation, much?” said Danielle.
Coach Mademoiselle Michelle smirked and chuckled, scoffing.
While the girls kept their unwavering gazes straight ahead, Jina took a step from the pack and whipped around ninety degrees to look straight down the line of dancers. She filled up her lungs and shrieked at the top of her voice. “Who are we?!” 
“We’re Hester Prynne!”
“What do we do?!”
“We always win!”
“Do we got spirit?!”
“We represent!”
“Then let’s show them how we do this shit!” Jina threw up a snarky snap of the fingers, commanding a lone crash of music to rock the school from edge to edge inside out. Spotlights flashed on to bring into sight a stage holding a band consisting of Tomika on guitar, Kerou on keyboards, Morgan sitting at a set of drums and Jizzelle on bass. Coach Mademoiselle Michelle stood with a scornful frown while her squad sat wide-eyed, mouth agape, and disheartened by the production.
Jina and her dancers ripped off their military garb to show off a more revealing version of their outfits as they saucily strutted to the foot of the stage to jump into the routine. Jina leaped onto the stage, cocked her hat, and grabbed a microphone waiting for her as the dancers swung, pranced, and gyrated to the banging pop-rock music that Tomika and her friends were thrashing out. She screamed out to the students, “Hester Prynne High, are you ready to rock?! Show me you wanna party tonight!”
The kids were greatly surprised, but they clapped and cheered in response. Louder than ever that night, they hollered, and they rushed from their seats down to the floor to dance and jostle each other along with the music as Jina started her song.

“Hola hello, motherfuckers, can I bitch for a second?
Spit a cold golden shower, just piss for a second? Wake up
Break’s over, bell’s rang. 
If you know you can’t hang, damn shame
Don’t even try to school me
I’m a mean little cutie, pretty teen scene, moody
Couldn’t half-ass a thing ‘cause I haven’t got the booty
Honey, screw me or sue me. All the dudes salute me
I’m rich and well-suited. I’m reporting for duty
These chicks get illiterate. Me: I’m ill, literal
Mariah or Jim Carey, the lyrics are too riddle-full
It’s pitiful how you jokers get Heath Ledger’d. I’m too clever
Honey, you can search, but won’t find another better
Never. Ever. But, I guess you can settle
And the second you on that crap,  ears is getting severed
Out the reservoir perfected like Tarantino’s directing
Killing bitches like the Bride, I can do this thing forever, bitch.

‘Cause we’ve got spirit
You know we do
Yeah, we’ve got spirit
So, fuck you
‘Cause we’ve got spirit
You know we do
Yeah, we’ve got spirit
So, fuck you

Okay, if I’m the mad hatter, then sis the bad rabbit
Insist we’re back at it and chicks get mad at it
Chick, that’s bad habits. I spit like crack, addicts
Holy Maroney, Jenna, get up off of these 30 Rocks
Dishing the dirty rock, we’re celebrity dirty pop
Suck a dirty cock and tell me how it tastes
Get wasted, shit-faced it, Just face it
Skanky sexts get sent. They save it
Praise her like you know her. She’s the school’s new geisha
Known for throwing stones when words cut like razors
Crazy, I’m the old me, no. Pop a pill, I go
Jodidamente loco con mi rica moda y flow
And every wind I blow, you know it’s twice as cold
I’m a pro, you hoes. You don’t spit, you suck
And for a couple of bucks. Though I’m horny like what
I’m too fly. I come clean. Call me Hilary Duff
I go Hilary rough. Clinton, Hilary nuts. 
Put the middle one up. Now, who’s wack?
Bitch, I’m half-blackjack with a knack to crack molars
Who wanna park with a wreck who’s Amy bi-polar
Ain’t in a moral order to close the show sober
Pink taught me how to handle these paparazzi porn stars
More rogue than any one of you hoes
So stay tuned to tune like a Babs Bunny guitar, bitch”

Jina leaped from the stage and landed in her troupe’s line, in perfect step with the routine as Tomika shredded up a quick finish of a solo under the rowdy chorus of their classmates chanting the lyrics. Her fingers danced about the guitar’s neck to wring out a shrill harmony coupled with a heavy and booming flourish from Morgan’s drums until the band met up to crash their last note. But the students kept a chant of the song going, and scooped up their siren, along with her performers, to float them up onto the stage.
“Thank you, Hester Prynne. You guys are lovely,” Jina said before blowing a big kiss. “How about a hand for my A-Team and my sister’s friends? They’re the stars here.” The people complied and commenced applause while Jina gave Tomika a hug. “Thank you so much,” she whispered into her ear.
“Told you not to worry,” Tomika said.
“Well, I must say, little missy, that was pleasantly unexpected,” said Superintendent Hicks as he joined the girls on stage. “I don’t think I’ve seen a filly with a mouth that filthy since that time death-dueled Yellowtooth Patty back in my rodeo days.”
“Hey, what can I say? We Cordovas are foul-mouthed, heavy-scented drama queens.”
“You can also add talented to that list. I may be an old country buffet, but I know a good hip-hop song when I hear one, and your darkie sister can sure make a guitar squeal like a piggy.”
Tomika’s face flattened. “Thanks. The racism heightens the praise.”
“So, did we win?” Jina said.
“Well, I think the kids have decided that.” Jumping, cheering and chanting, the students showed that the verdict was final. And to seal the ruling, Jina could see Danielle and her squad clapping in support, but a peculiarity broke the buzz of the celebration.
“No! No! No! She ees not zee winna!” shrieked Coach Mademoiselle Michelle. “I did not serve at zee world’s top performance arts school juss to lose to some teenager in a stupid leetle contest when she barely danced.”
“You should’ve thought about that before you agreed to a contest with this teenager,” said Jina.
“Yep, you lost," said Superintendent Hicks. "Take your lumps like a man. Sometimes that’s what happens in a duel—”
“Shut up and listen to me you ignorant bumpkin! You hired me to put together an award-winning teem and that is what I did. I gave you that teem of beauties and we showed you how good we are. And now you’re throwing that away for this— this—”
“Foul-mouthed and heavy-scented drama queen,” said Jina.
“I know what I said, but when it comes down to it, if Cordova and her girls can get our sports teams riled up like the way they did tonight, I’m going with her. Maybe we can bring a football title home for once.”
Coach Mademoiselle Michelle gasped at his words. “Did you just place football above dancing?! American football?!” The words had a putrid taste.
 Superintendent Hicks shrugged. “Who doesn’t love football? Right?”
“Football! Football! Football!” the kids chanted.
“Dennis Miller sucks! Madden rules!” cried a student.
Coach Mademoiselle Michelle’s affronted gasp was slipping to pressured breathing with each call. She tried to shake the searing irritation from the bones of her neck, but the itch persisted. Her back hunched to show each violent wheeze, and her fists clenched so tightly that they could tear themselves open from the digging of her nails. She flicked them open and unsheathed a grip of razor-sharp claws. Her hair trickled down, growing longer each second, and her voice rolled to a hissing growl. “Un... fair...!”
The kids stopped their chanting and backed from the stage as did the company atop it. Coach Mademoiselle Michelle panted like an animal, her eyes yellowing, body swelling.
Cowering a bit, Jina turned to her sister. “Uh, Tomika... do you think Coach Michelle may be taking this a little too seriously?”
Bony wings lined with a thin and gray leather skin burst from Coach Mademoiselle Michelle’s now feathery back. She whipped her gaze around to the girl. “Mademoiselle,” she said, voice raspy. She lunged at Jina, but a low back bend made the attack fruitless.
Jina, Tomika, and her friends jumped down to the back of the stage and crouched for cover while Superintendent Hicks and the dancers in Jina’s team made a dash for the exit as did the students.
“Stay here,” said Tomika. “We’ll keep The Mademoiselle busy, and then you can get out safely. Okay?”
Jina nodded. Tomika and her girls raised their wrists. “Killer charm, go!” they cried in unison. Colored lights wrapped around their bodies, transforming them.
“Why are you hiding, leetle moppet? I just want to show you some new moves I’ve learned,” The Mademoiselle said.
“Funny. I’ve got a couple of new moves, too,” said Kayzi as she threw herself back on the stage to stand alone. She whipped out her guns. “They’re called ‘bang bang, bitch!’” She fired six shots, all of which The Mademoiselle evaded.
Jakkie tried her luck with a drag of her hand down her arm to pull up two arrows of bright, pink light. She swooped up to take better aim on the hovering beast and sent the two blasts straight to her left wing, but the glowing explosion left no damage.
The Mademoiselle paid no mind to the attacks. Her focus was on Jina who was making a mad dash for the door. She charged down en route for the girl, but a peripheral catch of the monster set off her fear and prompted her to dive to the floor. Right above her, Minnie threw all of her body weight into a butt to send The Mademoiselle crashing into the wall, but a pulse of blue light from the creature’s wings blasted the girl back across the gymnasium. Jakkie made an aerial snatch of Minnie as Jina scrambled to her feet and made her escape. Mimi, who had switched her sword to its rifle mode, stood alongside Kayzi and prepared to dump her ammunition into The Mademoiselle, but the monster wrapped herself in her wings and the blasts bounced off of her like seeds off of a pan. She jumped high into the air, opened her wings and screeched a piercing cry that lifted the girls off their feet and hurried them back to the wall where they shrunk in pain, covering their ears.
“I’m getting a headache!” screamed Kayzi.
“What?!” screamed Minnie.
“What?!” screamed Kayzi.
“What?!” screamed Jakkie.
“Enough of this,” said Mimi to herself. As she kept her hands over her ears, she back kicked the wall that was left cracked by Jina’s fit of rage from the day before and caught the chunk of rock that crumbled out. She kicked it up, spun around and kicked the crag straight to the The Mademoiselle‘s face which ended her audio onslaught and dropped her out of the air. 
Freed from the torture, the Pretty Killers sprung back into action. Jakkie sent two icy arrows into The Mademoiselle’s wings to instantaneously freeze them. Kayzi fired another six shots and riddled the iced appendages with holes before Minnie rushed up with her quarterstaff and shattered them with a hit. With her back pushed to the cracked wall’s opposite, The Mademoiselle leaped and rammed her talons into Minnie’s chest to throw her back. The girls rushed to her aid while the foe cackled deviously at her deed.
“Yeah, laugh it up, Frenchie. Don’t know if you’ve noticed, but we destroyed your wings. You’ve got nothing to protect you,” said Kayzi.
“You girls may theenk you ‘ave me defeated, but the absence of ma wings’ guard ees only trifle inconvenience. I still have zee power of dance and that ees all I need.”
“We’ll see about that.” Guns blazing, Kayzi charged forward, but the creature slinked around the shots before whipping the girl with her singed wing skeleton and finishing off with a kick to the chest. Kayzi slid back on her heels but kept her balance and looked up to see Minnie and Jakkie.
The two girls threw their best punches, swung their best kicks, and gave their best attacks with their weapons, but the dexterity of The Mademoiselle was too swift and too expert. The jumps and the spins and the whips overwhelmed the two girls and left them feeling left-footed. The Mademoiselle wrapped her hair around the bodies of the girls and, with a snap of her neck, sent them sailing into Kayzi who was following up for assistance.
The girls hit the ground and were left bound in a cocoon of hair, ripe for The Mademoiselle’s final blow delivered by a jump. But before she could land her claws into them, a foot digging into her back threw her off of her trajectory. Mimi flipped off of the monster in mid-air and shoved her into a faster trip to a collision with the cracked wall. Mimi readied herself for the showdown as the Mademoiselle picked herself up from the folly and turned to face her enemy all the while keeping her stance loose and demented.
“You wanna dance? Let’s go. You and me,” said Mimi.
“Zee pleasure ees mine.”
“Mimi, no, just cut us free!” Kayzi called out.
The Mademoiselle jumped into a flying kick and Mimi dove into a foot-first slide to dodge the attack. The Mademoiselle landed and turned to jam her foot down to kick the girl, but Mimi spun on her back and popped up into a one-hand stand before splitting her legs and kicking her opponent in the chest. The Mademoiselle stumbled backwards and Mimi sprung back to her feet. A flurry of angered jabs and kicks came Mimi’s way, but she deftly evaded the attacks with grandiose slinks and leaps and blocks. She grabbed the lanky arm in one of the strikes and used it to yank The Mademoiselle into a fiery punch to the face that set her off to fly across the battlefield, but in flight, The Mademoiselle sent off her hair to wrap around Mimi’s leg and pull her balance away. Before a seemingly inevitable smack to the ground, Mimi shot a gust of air from her palms and used her brief leverage to whip The Mademoiselle over to her as if she were on a leash. As the monster came hurtling back, she slipped out of the hair’s grip and dropped onto her feet.
The Mademoiselle reached for Mimi, but Mimi bent backwards until her body, the floor and The Mademoiselle were parallel. Time slowed as their eyes met in motion and The Mademoiselle’s talons met  Mimi’s wrists to grab her and swing her like a rag into the wall. She, then, pulled Mimi close for a kick here and a kick there, alternating her feet between kick and catch, reeling Mimi back and forth like a yo-yo. The other girls were trying all elements at their disposal to free themselves from the hair’s bond. They cringed at the sight of their leader being flung lifeless into the high corners of the gym.
“Mimi, cut us out of this thing. Damn it!” Kayzi said.
On the fumes of her wits, Mimi made an aerial readjustment and launched a vine to take a snaring of The Mademoiselle’s hair. She flew over one of the ceiling’s rafters and tied the vine to draw up a tight line. Then, she slid down the vine to The Mademoiselle who was tugging at the knot, hoping it would unravel. But it held fast. Just before reaching the monster, Mimi jumped off of the vine and iced the beast’s hair as she traveled over her head on a way to a landing. She kicked the mass of ice and broke it, leaving The Mademoiselle as bald as a baby.
The Mademoiselle squawked as she rubbed her tendrils over her stubble. Infuriated more than ever, she turned to Mimi and jumped backwards to start up a bound into a forceful flying kick, but Mimi ran into her attack to be the first to deal a jump-kick into The Mademoiselle’s chest that cleared her for takeoff to the ceiling. In Mimi’s same motion, she landed in a spin, unsheathed her sword, switched it to rifle mode and fired a great blast that pushed The Mademoiselle through the roof to let her shrieks pierce the sky as her body disintegrated from feather to flesh to blood to bone in a spectacular blaze of purple light. The shine caught the attention of the students that had gathered in the parking lot for safety and initiated a wave of revelry and relief that the threat had been eliminated. But one not so excited was Superintendent Hicks who hollered in horror as a cloud of dust hung over the school. “Goddammit! Not the roof!”
Back in the gymnasium, Mimi held her own celebration of her prowess with a blow to the muzzle of her rifle to clear the smoke away. With the snap of the handle, she switched it back to being a sword and hurried to her friends to free them. “I guess I got more dance skill than I thought, huh?”
“You wanna tell me what the hell that was?” said Kayzi.
“What do you mean?” Mimi said.
“’Let’s go. You and me’,” she said, mockingly. “Why didn’t you cut us free earlier so we could’ve helped you? I called you twice.”
“I’m sorry. I couldn’t hear you. My ears are still kinda ringing from that screech.” Mimi cut the girls free with a swift vertical slice and let the hair fall the floor to dematerialize.
“Regardless if you could hear me, your first thought should be to help your team out. That’s why we’re a team. We’re supposed to work together.”
“Noted, and I’m sorry. But forget me. Don’t think I didn’t hear you drop that one-liner back there.”
“Yeah, whatever. Don’t worry about what I say.” Kayzi poked Mimi at her shoulder. “You just make sure you keep the team first in your mind, okay?”
Mimi gave Kayzi a stern salute. “Killing in the name of all that is pretty, I promise it!” She and the girls went into a little set of laughter as they made their exit. Behind them a sparking mess of brick, wood, and metal.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Um... Superintendent Hicks,” said Jina, carefully approaching the man. “You seem a bit preoccupied, but I just wanted to know where I stand with the whole cheerleader squad situation.”
“Are you kidding? We can’t have one now. I’ve got to get that roof fixed and since Starbucks pulled the sponsorship following all that mess last week, I’m gonna have to tap into every fund this school has. That means—” He cringed and huffed as if he had just taken a punch to the stomach. “No football this season.” He put a comforting hand on Jina’s shoulder. “Sorry, little missy, but it’s not looking well right now. I’m gonna try to find some sort of income for this school, though. Have a good night.” Shaking his head, he left Jina alone with her disappointment.
“Jina!” called Tomika as she and the girls ran from the school. “So, MC Light-skin, what’s the deal? You head cheerleader?”
Jina’s face scrunched into a frown. “There is no cheerleading team because you and your girls had to go and blow a hole in the ceiling. They can’t pay for the damages and the athletic department because Starbucks is pulling their sponsorship. So all of that stuff we did back there, it was all for nothing.” Jina folded her arms and blew a sigh. “All of the work and planning, just gone like that.”
“I’m sorry, but look at it this way: We really blew the roof off this place.”
Jina could not help letting a smile crack. She chuckled. “Aww, I can’t stay mad at you, baby sister.” She pulled Tomika into a hug and squeezed her unbearably tight. “You still tried to help me out, and you were just doing your duty to keep everyone safe.”
“Yeah, say it a bit louder. I don’t think the whole school—only ten feet away—heard you.”
“Aww, that’s so nice,” said Morgan. “I want a hug too.” She ran up to the girls and wrapped her arms around them. “Nothin’ like a good vagina cuddle to close the night, right?”
“Okay, now, I’m uncomfortable,” said Tomika.
“Hey, Miss K.!” called a voice from the distance.
Kerou turned her attention to the voice and saw that it was Shay, standing alongside Beef. “I’ll catch you guys later,” she said to the girls before sprinting over to the boys who held an obvious discomfort about them. “What’s up guys?”
“Listen, Miss K., I gotta be honest. You’re a great girl and and I really do like you, but I just can’t do this anymore.”
“I was wondering when you were gonna tell me you were gay.”
“What?! I’m not gay!”
Kerou shrugged. “Or bi. Whatever works for you.”
“I don’t like guys that way. Why does everyone think I’m gay?”
“Well, you picked me up in a Prius, you willingly took me to see I Can Do Bad All By Myself and cried during it. Then when you took me home you complimented the interior decorating, and if all of those politically incorrect observations weren’t enough, I saw you making eyes at that guy at the gas station. You’re a horrible liar, Shay.”
“Okay, first off, there’s nothing wrong with being a sensitive heterosexual male,” Shay said. “And secondly, did you see that Balrog-from-Street-Fighter-lookin’ hairline on that dude at the gas station? I was looking at that, not him. And third, if you thought I was gay, why would you make me have sex with you?”
“An atypical teacher gives atypical lessons. I wanted to show you the consequences of what happens when you lie. And especially when you lie to yourself.”
“So, you made me have sex with you? What kind of teacher puts her students in a traumatizing situation just for the sake of teaching a lesson?”
“Besides Ms. Frizzle from Magic School Bus?”
“But what about when you were flirting with me in class?”
“I don’t know how you misinterpreted my kindness for flirting exclusively with you. I speak that way to all of my students. That’s just me. I mean, Shay, you’re okay, I guess. But let’s be honest here: You’re no Ray J or Reggie Bush.”
Shay shot Beef the nastiest glance. “I told you she didn’t like me like that, but no, you said you knew girls and when they were flirting.”
“Well, in my defense, you should’ve known that I don’t know anything about girls. I don’t even know why you listened to me, but... uh, it was a mistake. My bad. Let’s chalk it up to a boner and move on.” Beef turned to escape, but Kerou called for his pause.
“Not so fast, Mr. Kilroy. You and Shay conspired to devalue my emotions for the sake of getting out of homework. How do you think that makes me feel?”
“How did you know about that part?”
“Mrs. Marple overheard your plan when you were thrusting in the hallway. Try learning how to whisper for next time.”
“Okay, so, yeah, what we did was pretty low, but I would think that the Christian in you would reach down deep into your heart and pull out every bit of mercy and forgiveness that you have.”
“Like the way you reach deep into yourself and constantly pull out BS?”
“Yeah, something like that.”
“I could forgive you. But if you want me to factor in my religion, then the Catholic in me thinks that, in true eye-for-an-eye fashion, a tall glass of irony would be suitable for this situation.”
“What do you mean?” said Shay.
“You guys wanted less homework, so now I’m gonna give you even more. Since you two obviously know exactly what it means to be a ‘man’, I want you both to write a ten-page essay on hegemonic femininity. In other words, I want you tell me what it means to be a woman in the eyes of our current society. Due Monday.”
“Monday?!”
“Oh, and that’s not all boys. I want you to watch Gossip Girl and give me five paragraphs on the sociological nuances of the plot. That’s due Tuesday.”
“Come on, Miss K., Gossip Girl? Are you teaching us a lesson or are you just torturing us?”
“A little of both,” she replied with a devious smile. “Have a good evening, boys. Toodles.” She skipped away to leave the boys to wallow in their self-loathing and bewilderment.
“No. No! Dude, this isn’t over,” Beef said. “This is not over. She cannot get away with this. I mean she made you have sex with her. That’s totally, like, some kind of sexual assault or something. My dad’s got a law degree. He can totally get us out of this. He’ll sue the pretty pants off that pixie-bitch. We’ll own her ass, put it on eBay, buy it back, then Craigslist it. We’ll show her ‘sociological nuances’.”
“Or we can go home, do these essays, and disappear into the nameless fog of students for most of the semester.”
“Yeah, that’s probably for the best.”




Chapter Four
Prm Dnns


It was a Friday after the end of the school day which could only mean that a great portion of the Hester Prynne High student body was flushing out all it had learned in the week with a rinse of the hot and popular products that were available for monetary exchange at Mercury Mall, the choice spot for retail in the fashion district of Queen City. And if one could pan out to view the entire concourse on a cross-section, it would not look unlike an ant farm with a similar drone-like traversing of its inhabitants as they each carried an exponential amount of his or her weight in bags of purchases.
But Mercury Mall was not only a testament to the religion of capitalism. The semi-guiltless spending of these privileged teens was second to the invaluable amity during the aimless walks and impulse buys with the epicenter of the community experience being the food court where the kids iterated the art of loitering, content among inane discussion and other actions absurd and annoying to adults. In fact, it was the disparity in understanding that added to the bliss of the moment, for it served as a reminder to the fact that they were still a ways away from worries of post-adolescence, and all that currently mattered was an icy, artificially flavored, carbonated cup of cola waiting for speedy ingestion and that unavoidable ache to follow.
Tomika sat, eyes as frozen as her drink before her, hardened as the table at which she sat. Jina sat equally still, locked in sight right across from her, also armed with a drink. Kerou, Morgan, and Jayla stood on both sides of the girls, waiting for the spark of action with only the din of a contained society about them while a perfume of climax mixed with the scent of burning chicken at the proximate Asian-themed concession. The air was feudal to the two as they waited for a cue from Allie. She stood between them at the head of the table and eyed them both. “Ready...?” she drawled for a couple of seconds. “Go!”
Tomika and Jina took off the lids of their cups and commenced to gulping down the libations without a stop for breath. It rolled over their tongues and brought an avalanche of chill to their organs where it went to work. After seconds of imbibing, the girls slammed their empty cups down and brought their gazes back to meet while the others watched with anxiety. The duelers’ breaths tried to steady as the drink climbed up through the chest, wrapped around the spine and shot into the brain where it pounded at the front of their heads to let its vice take over behind the eyes.
Tomika shuddered and tears built up, but she would not let shivering take control, especially after seeing the struggle on Jina. Jayla was cheering on Jina while Kerou, Morgan, and Allie gave all their excitement to Tomika, but their support snapped with a cry so murderous came from Tomika as she clutched her head in pain. Delectation shone on Jayla as Jina jumped up and into a victorious whoop. Tomika could only respond with a prolonged pained growl pushing through her gritting teeth before collapsing to the floor where she curled up into a ball.
Jina put her foot on Tomika’s body and pointed sharply down at her as she writhed around. “In your face, baby sister. I’m still the undisputed Slushie Showdown championette! In your face!”
“Get’cho nasty foot off me!” Tomika slapped Jina’s shoe from her shoulder and dug her grip into the table to pull herself back up into her seat. “Like you ain’t got no damn sense.”
“I’ll admit you almost had me there, though,” Jina said. “If you wanna go best two out of three. I’ll throw in twenty bucks to sweeten the deal.”
“As much as I’d love to debase myself for the sake of your ego I’ll decline for now, Jina. Maybe if the color returns to my vision, we’ll go again. Come on, Kerou, let’s, uh... let’s go to that store you wanted to go to or whatevs.” Tomika thrust herself out of her seat and into a wobbling stand and stumbled away from the group.
Kerou hurried to catch Tomika and keep her on her balance. “You sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah, whatevs.” A few steps helped Tomika reacquaint herself with walking correctly, but the little migraine persisted. Luckily, the girls’ destination would not be too photometrically offensive.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The store’s lights were low and the dark walls that were loaded brick to brick with apparel and accessories resonated figuratively and literally with the piped-in pop-rock songs laded with cryptic lyrics about love or repining on a level of fame that the singer had not actually attained. The clientele ran the gamut of the hardcore, black leather-clad goth to the bubbly spray-painted potential band groupie, but the irony of the mass-produced self-expression in the product available for purchase stitched and scrawled with licensed images was not enough to deter patronage. Moreover, the use of it to build an identity served as the draw regardless of the possibility of being labeled a clone, for the opportunity to find another with the same interests as misinterpreted or mock-worthy as what lined the walls of the concession kept customers coming back. As subtle as it could be perceived, the sheer collective effervescence within the compass of the store is what kept Kerou loyal and she found herself in that comforting paradise throughout this present visit. But Tomika stayed in her nature and subdued her enthusiasm even though she was almost as big a fan of all that niche as her friend. Almost.
“Ugh,” Tomika groaned. “As if a headache isn’t bad enough, Now, I gotta walk into this stomachache. I swear to goddess if I see another Twilight shirt or Twilight poster or ‘Twi-hard’, I’m gonna stab ‘em through the heart a dull wooden stake. Poetic homicide.”
“Hostile, much? I can’t believe you’re standing here dumping on Twilight when the start of your relationship with Marc basically illustrates the concept that Shakespeare supposedly mocked. Two emotionally-charged kids falling in love at a party? Sounds a lot like Romeo and Juliet.”
“Yeah, well, ain’t no one rushing to get married, and I’m pretty sure we passed the window on couple’s suicides, so I think we’re okay. Besides, how Marc and I met has nothing to do with whether or not I should like that book.”
“But you can’t just leave it at that. You’ve got to have a better argument than it just sucks.”
“I don’t know. It’s just difficult to read. And the movie just isn’t my type of movie. The best part was when they played baseball in the storm, but other than that it was like ‘Oh my goddess, screw Bella and kill her already.’”
“Well, what about Eclipse?”
“I didn’t see it. The first one was so much of a Quarterlife-level disaster that I didn’t wanna suffer through another 90 minutes.”
Crashed in shock, Kerou stopped her search through the shirt racks and looked at Tomika. “You didn’t see Eclipse? Well, there’s the problem. The first movie set up the story, but the sequels are packed with action and the good stuff ‘cause all of that intro stuff is out of the way. You’ve gotta see Eclipse. I guarantee it’ll convert you. You’ll love it, I promise.”
“No way, K. I’m perfectly fine not being a vampire zombie.”
“Come on,” she whined. “Watch the movie. Just think of how much fun we’ll have going to see the next one.” To magnify the power her ingratiating she added wide wanting eyes. “Please?”
Tomika tried to hold her ground through the plea, but there was something in it too strong for her conscience. And in honesty, she held a sliver of curiosity for the following story inside. With a sigh and an eye roll, she plucked the DVD from the shelf. “Fine, I’ll watch the damn movie.”
Kerou gave a dainty round of applause. “Yay! I swear you’re totally gonna heart it.”
“Let’s see if I can at least stomach it before heart-ing it.”
Holding a low and languid look, Tomika took the merchandise to the checkout counter where a twenty-something, equal in a look devoid of emotion, snatched the object from her without an inkling of feigned courtesy and rang it up. His glazed face and pierced ears were hiding behind his messy hair. He wore a faded graphic tank top which showed off an arm full of tattoos and his nose and top lip bedecked with similar silver rings. “Is that all?” he asked.
Half-patronizingly, Tomika scanned the wall behind the man. And there, sitting atop the wall darkened with trinkets, posters, and overpriced shirts, was the surprise of the absolute pinnacle of all that she would consider glory. Her eyes widened and her mouth dropped open to be speechless as she beheld a guitar with a black neck, a deep-red body, and yellow-gold accent. But what made the guitar the most immaculate item in the store was the words and insignia etched onto it. Re-created images of the album cover from one of her favorite bands. “Oh, my goddess... that guitar. I... must... hold it.”
The clerk rolled his eyes and turned to climb the step ladder that helped him reach the guitar. He brought it down to Tomika and presented it to her with one hand. “Here.”
Tomika took the reality of the instrument into her hands and examined every intricacy of the design with the utmost precision. “Is there any way I can see how it sounds?”
“There’s an amp there by the fitting rooms. Knock yourself out, kid.” The clerk pulled out his phone and commenced to checking texts. The DVD would wait by the register.
“You thinkin’ what I’m thinkin’?” Tomika asked Kerou.
“’All That Glitters Ain’t Charmbracelets’?”
“Hell yeah. Let’s go.”
With an equally excited Kerou at her side, Tomika hurried the guitar over to the amp and plugged it in. She plucked the strings to make a determination if any knobs needed to be adjusted for the optimal and preferred sound, but the current acoustic pleased her. She put her foot on the amp and propped the guitar on her thigh in the absence of a strap to bear the load of the instrument. She dove into a smooth introductory solo that slipped seamlessly into a twangy mid-tempo pop-rock riff. It echoed through the store and put intrigue in those all in earshot, but none was more surprised than the clerk who snapped his head up and focused in on the girl happily working a fairly skilled melody out of the guitar. A good amount of people passing flocked into the store to view what sounded like an impromptu concert with Kerou swaying and clapping a simple beat that they easily picked up before she added vocals to the song.

“She wakes up every morning, at seven, no smile
Til thoughts of stayin’ in the bed til 48 rolls around
She’s got a lot of problems but it’s nothin’ out of handling
I guessed that

It may never be this way here again
She said, 'Don’t wanna live this feral life, don’t wanna pretend
Like everything is really wrong when everything is all right'
I know I tell a lot of lies; I’m not an angel, all right?

Maybe it’s true I got a couple of screws loose
But don’t you ever let that little thing come between us
I know you’re riding high. It’s just the medicine you get from a song
We’ll be a pretty little thing until the love’s all gone
And if it’s true you told somebody I knew you
It’s probably for the best we call it quits and just give up
...This little flower ain’t be done in so long
We’ll be a pretty little thing until the love’s all gone”

Tomika held the last note for a few seconds. Then, she muted it and let the little audience applaud Kerou’s singing. She replied with a curtsey. The people dispersed to return to their doings, but the clerk hurried up to the girls with a demeanor flipped opposite.
“Dude, that was freakin' amazing. I have to admit I really didn’t think you could rock that guitar like that.” 
“Thanks. I can play the song from those 1985 NBC promos, too.”
“I mean no offense. It’s just that most of the people who come in here think that because they’ve got a high score on some guitar arcade game they can actually play the guitar. And everyone else is too scared of messing up their nail polish to even try a chord, you know? Girls and boys.”
“I’m standing next to one of those girls here.” Tomika gestured to Kerou.
Kerou gasped. “Hey! I could play the guitar if I wanted to. I just have small hands which makes it difficult. And I paid a lot for my manicures. I earned them.”
“So, you want me to ring the guitar up, or are you just getting the DVD?” said the clerk.
“As much as I’d love to take this home to make sweet musical love to it, I know my mother would kill me if I dropped two stacks on anything not having to do with college, so I’ll just take the DVD and be on my way.”
“What if I bought it for you?” said a voice from nearby.
Tomika and Kerou turned their focus to a man approaching, dressed business-casually. “I’m Steven Wolffe, talent manager for Cherryseed Records.” He pulled a business card from his pocket to hand to Kerou. “I was going to the Suit Warehouse when I just had to stop and enjoy your little performance. What was it about? Partying princesses or something, right?”
“It’s about a girl who goes on a sex and drugs binge because she plans on committing suicide the next day.”
“What? Really?” Steven frowned. “It sounded so happy.”
“I have a very ‘Ring Around the Rosy’ approach to writing my songs,” Tomika said.
“Well, the lyrics don’t matter. Not when you have a cute singer like this to focus on.” Steven took a hold on Kerou’s by the handles of both her arms and held her up to present her to the smattering of patrons. “What do you think, guys? Cute, right?” The people answered with nods and approving murmurs.
“Oh, my God, I had a dream like this once. Only I was being held over a group of sweaty black men,” Kerou said.
Steven placed Kerou back down. “Judging from that crowd you pulled in, I think that you could be a great addition to the label.”
“What? No! Don’t do it,” said the clerk. “You two are way too good to get caught up in the organized prostitution of the music business. You know what’s gonna happen? This guy’s gonna be resting up in a penthouse living the fat-cat executive life while you two are schlepping in stadiums night after night working your asses off only to get a sliver of a percentage of profits and lose all of your creative rights. Take it from someone who’s been there. Stay indie, girls. Stay indie.”
“Oh, wow, a guy who’s against major corporations,” Steven said, rolling his eyes. “I bet you hate pop music because its refined and repetitive, too.”
“No, actually, I’m a big fan of the Backstreet Boys. I’ve got all of their albums and a concert VHS.”
“What, really?”
“Yeah, but that’s beside the point. The thing is that I’ve dealt with too many guys like you. You suck people dry of every bit of talent they have. Then kick ‘em to the curb when something better comes along. I’m not gonna let you take advantage of these girls.”
“What are you gonna do? Roll up the pennies from all those minimum wage retail checks and start your own label? Good luck with Universal Music Group around. They own everything.” Steven lifted the clerk’s shirt to show the branding of the Universal Music Group’s logo on his stomach.
The clerk pulled away from Steven’s grip and put his shirt down. “Screw Universal and all the sell-outs under them. Yeah, I’m gonna start a label, and I’m gonna stay true to the integrity of the artist and the indie name. Indie as independent, not indie like Death Cab For Cutie.” He turned to Tomika and Kerou. “What do you say girls? You wanna sign with this ass-rash and risk losing every bit of control of your lives or do you wanna take a chance with me and make all the decisions and keep all of the money you make?”
Tomika and Kerou turned from the men to huddle together. “What do you think, Kerou?”
Kerou’s face crunched into one of repulsion. “Are you kidding? We’re going with the label.” She held up her phone. “I did a quick background check on Steven and everything checks out, whereas this tattoo guy over here: ...eww. He smells like pee. And not like regular pee. It’s like who-missed-the-seat-three-days-ago pee. Not to mention he’s still updating his MySpace profile and he’s just raunchy period, you know?”
“I was thinking the same thing, but I thought I hit my snarky quota for the day when I was bagging on Twilight so I held back on trashing the clerk of broken dreams.”
“So, it’s settled?”
Tomika nodded, and she and Kerou turned back to the men. “Yeah, we’re interested in Cherryseed Records.”
“Don’t do this, girls,” said the clerk. “He’s gonna rape you with a contract and it’s gonna hurt. It’s gonna feel like he’s twisting a hot curling iron in your kitten cave.”
“Eww, creepy much?” said Kerou. “Now, I know we made the right decision.”
“Fine. Just remember I warned you two. So, don’t come crying to me when you wake up and find that you’re nothing more than a case on a shelf in their legally-bound closet.”
“Yeah, ‘cause that’s what was gonna happen, guy-I-just-found-out-existed-today,” Tomika said. “I’m gonna come back to the mall and confide in the self-proclaimed failure who describes the pain of rape to teenage girls. Get outta here with that mess.”
The clerk turned and left in a huff.
“Don’t listen to that guy,” Steven said. “I promise you’ll have the final word on every important decision, and you’ll own the rights to the songs you’ve written.”
“Listen, I’m totally on board for this,” Tomika said. “As long as you promise you won’t try to mold us into a carbon copy pseudo-deep rip-off like how Coheed and Cambria is of Rush.”
“Still had a little snark left, Tomika?” Kerou said.
“I promise. There’s no tweaking needed,” said Steven. “With the star quality that I see here right now, I can tell that if you stick with Cherryseed you guys are gonna be the next big thing in no time. Like in the snap of a finger... or in the blink of an eye.”
“Really?” Kerou blinked.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Really,” Steven said. He put his phone to his ear to finish a conversation.
Kerou and Tomika looked around and took addled notice of their new surroundings, cruising comfortably down the highway in a well-furnished black, pink and purple bus. And if the surprise of their luxurious automobile accommodations did not bring enough questions, sitting across from them was the company of Jizzelle, Allie and Morgan snacking on shrimp arranged in a ring in a glass filled with cocktail sauce.
“Dude, I swear we’re about to kill this concert,” Allie said.
Tomika’s confusion whipped over to the girl. “Wait, what?”
“The concert. You know, performing the songs that you wrote? That’s what you do when you’re a band,” said Jizzelle.
“You’re promoting your new single,” said Steven. He handed Tomika  an issue of a magazine with herself and the other girls on the cover with a headline that read “The Joanna Greys: The New Punks of Pop”. And within the pages was an article on their rocket ship rise to fame as well as photos of them posing as disheveled versions of icons of pop music.
Tomika and Kerou perused the publication, but quickly, a line presented trouble to Tomika. “Whoa! Whoa, whoa, hold it. Whoa-dot-com-backslash-Joey-Lawrence-dot-H-T-M-L. What the hell?”
“Is something the matter?” asked Steven.
“Yeah. What is this? Why does it say that our debut single will be a cover of the Melissa Cherry song ‘Take Me From Behind’ from The Onion Movie? Like, how does that even make sense? It’s not even a real song.”
“What do you mean ‘what do you mean?’” Morgan asked. “We all agreed that ‘Take Me’ would be the first single from the EP after we did the buzz single collab with Lil Wayne. Remember we said we wanted to try something ‘different’?”
“It’s just weird ‘cause I always said that if I had an opportunity like this, I wouldn’t do covers as singles,” Tomika said. “Parodies are fine, though, ‘cause I got mad respect for ‘Weird Al’ Yankovic.”
“Oh, dude, remember during the summer when you did that parody of that 3LW song ‘No More’, but instead, you called it ‘You Whore’?” Allie said. “Oh, my God, that was hilarious.”
“Now, see, I do remember that ‘cause I was thinking about Jina when I made that up.” She shared a chuckle with Allie.
The bus slowed to a stop and the driver announced that they had arrived at their destination.
“Jizzelle, Allie, Morgan, you all go ahead with the bodyguard. I’ll talk to these two and straighten stuff out, okay?” Steven said.
“Yeah, see if you can clear up that amnesia they’ve got all of a sudden.” Jizzelle lead the ladies off of the bus and down to the throng of fans screaming for them behind metal barricades under a night sky brightened by the venue’s marquee.
“Here’s the deal, girls,” said Steven. “You’re in the pop-punk band The Joanna Greys. As the creative force and lead guitarist, we chose your idea for the name, Tomika. Kerou, you’re the singer. Morgan’s the drummer, Allie’s the other guitarist and Jizzelle’s the bass player. We’re promoting your hit song ‘All That Glitters Ain’t Charmbracelets’ that featured Lil Wayne and now we’re getting ready to do ‘Take Me From Behind’ as the first single from your debut EP.”
“But why? I’d never in a million years cover a song like that.”
“Well, we made sure we gave the song your brand of rock but the point is that though you have a nice fanbase, we want to broaden that. The best way to do that is with a song with which people are familiar. They feel comfortable liking something they’ve already heard and once they’re roped in, then they’ll be more likely to want to hear more from you. Understand?”
“Great. The Ace of Base method.” Tomika rolled her eyes.
“Anyway, we strengthen the fanbase with ‘Take Me’. Then, for the next single, we do ‘Unnecessary Words (Are Written in Parentheses)’. Okay?”
“We recorded ‘Unnecessary Words’?” Tomika said. “That’s one of my favorite songs that I’ve written. What’s going on? Like, why don’t I remember any of this?”
“That’s what I was telling you before. The world of pop music is a whirlwind one when you’ve just got that ‘’X’ factor’, you know? I mean one day you’re doing your first autograph session and the next, you’re the supporting act for the Millionaires in Chicago.”
Kerou froze. “Did you say the Millionaires? As in the ‘Just Got Paid, Let’s Get Laid’ Millionaires. As in the OMG-I-love-those-girls Millionaires?!” Her face escalated in elation with each inquiry.
“Yeah. Those Millionaires.”
“We’re opening for those skanks?” Tomika said with a deep sneer. “We’re ten times better than they could hope to be.”
“How could you even say that? Millionaires are, like, the most awesome-est thing ever to happen to music. They’re so badass. I modeled my whole look after Melissa Marie. She’s, like, my freakin’ idol.”
“You would like talentless airhead crap like that.”
“Excuse me. Are you trying to call me, a genius, an airhead?”
“I’m calling people who like that crap airheads. I don’t get how anyone can call what they do ‘music’, let alone be a fan. They’re an embarrassment to this generation and they’re the culmination of everything that’s wrong with music today.”
“You take that back or I’ll kick your bitter butt,” Kerou said.
“Are you gonna get a step ladder or jump up to try to reach it?”
Steven stepped between the girls. “Ladies, let’s not do this. We’ve got business to take care of. We’ve got fans to think about.”
“I don’t care. Screw this if a pack of trash like the Millionaires gets top-billing over my band. I take the time to craft songs with poetic lyrics and messages and then these vapid suburban-white-rappers come in out of nowhere and headline a show? Why couldn’t you get us a show with someone like Jean Grae or a group like Menya? Someone with a bit of substance along with fun.”
“Besides the fact that I have no idea who any of those people are, we did surveys on the website and most of the people that like your music also like Millionaires so it only made sense to put you in this show. I understand how you feel. You’re definitely a talented writer and performer so just think of this as a stepping stone. Go out there and make ‘em say ‘who the hell are the Millionaires?’ Show them that they need to remember the name The Joanna Greys.”
“Fine. Whatever.”
“Good. Now, tell Kerou you’re sorry.”
Tomika turned to Kerou and sighed. Keeping her sight away from the girl’s she stated plainly, “Sorry I criticized your taste in music. You’re an intelligent girl and entitled to your own opinion.”
A smile cracked the scowl on Kerou. “Aww, apology accepted.” She wrapped her arms around Tomika for a hug. “Vagina cuddle! Now let’s get out there and shake our ladybirds.”
“See, that’s what makes you guys such a great band. You’re truly good friends and you truly care about each other,” Steven said. “Now, go give the best performance of your teenage lives. Show ‘em that old-school dirty rock ‘n roll.”
“Does that give me clearance to spit at the audience?” Tomika said.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“1, 2, 3, 4!” Morgan crashed her cymbal and snapped to banging out a stabbing, quick-tempo, punk-rock rhythm that the sea of people in front of her and her bandmates quickly took to adoring in the form of spastic dancing. Shoulder to shoulder under the fading reach of colored spotlights in an alcohol-scented air, the audience jumped and cheered along through the anticipating intro to which Jizzelle had added the smooth roll of her bass line under the scratchy but melodic unison of Tomika and Allie’s guitars. Then, the cries of adoration multiplied as Kerou skipped out from backstage to take her spot at the microphone. “Chicago, how are you doing?!” she screamed. “This song’s called ‘Blondes Have Fun, Brunettes Carry Guns’, and I don’t care what color your hair is. Dyed or not, I want to see you whipping those tresses to this song. I want you to just shake off whatever problems you had and just let your crazy side out because tonight, we’re here to rock and have fun. Can you do that for me?” With an ecstatic roar as a reply, Kerou stood enthused by her ability to summon such a great amount of people up into a frenzy. It was a strange feeling being on the commanding side of a concert. It certainly was not like standing in front of a class. But she held no fear in jumping into the song.

Can’t sleep, my heart won’t steady.
Can’t speak, my heart’s not ready
To be those things you said.
Can’t leave this filthy bed.
It feels like I can’t breathe, 
‘Cause everything I need... to leave.
It’s stuck right beside you.

I know... I know
My sorry won’t count ‘cause there’s mountains to jump
But don’t go... don’t go
This love’s like a gun, you can run if you wanna, baby

These things that we mistake and
These stains on hearts we break in sheets
Move ships, I’m sinking to the bottle of love
If I’m drunk...
Then I’m stuck at the bottom
Don’t misunderstand me

Kerou easily kept the crowd captivated by the sheer sparkle of her pageantry, but somewhere out of her court of carousing came a swift assault from an onlooker who had her target locked on Tomika. An anonymous glass bottle smashed across the girl’s face and sheared her skin to send her into a short spiral of agony. All of the girls caught sight of the incident and showed concern, but did their best to keep composure and continue through the song. Tomika, however, could not hold her tongue through such an unruly offense.
“Who the hell was that? Who the hell just threw a frakkin’ bottle at my face?!” She turned to her bandmates. “Stop playing. Stop for a second ‘cause I wanna find this ass-booger.” The girls warily complied and the crowd also quieted.
“I did it,” called out a girl in the audience. “What’s yo’ fake ass gonna do about it, bitch?”
“Fake?! Who the hell are you callin’ fake?”
“You, bitch! Saying you’re from South River in magazines. Ain’t nobody heard of you up there. And I definitely ain’t never seen you around there, either.”
“Then you ain’t talkin’ to the right people. Everybody know me and my family in South River. Joy Road, bitch. Ask about me.”
“Screw you wit’cho fake suburban ass! And screw yo’ crappy-ass band too. Your guitar playing’s totally sloppy, only a fool would open up the way you do, none of your songs make sense. It’s just completely whack! Face it.”
“You tryna tell me I ain’t shit?”
“I’ll tell yo’ mama you ain’t shit. Screw her, too.”
“Oh, hell no!” Tomika took her microphone stand into her fists like a lance and leaped down into the audience with intent to handle the heckler, setting chaos to erupt as everyone parted ways to avoid a swing from the weapon. But most made sure to keep a camera high above heads to capture the action. Kerou and the other girls hopped into the hurricane to pull Tomika off of the girl before any damage was done, but the marks were made and blood was exchanged. And hundreds of artificial eyes caught the whole scene in every angle.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

With thin red ribbons scratched into her skin, Tomika burst through the door of her and the girls’ high-class hotel room with the concerned lot behind her. The crystal chandeliers and sconces, the art on the walls, the silk bedspreads and baroque furnishings, they all meant nothing to Tomika. She punched a hole in the wall in hopes of relieving some tension, but it was not very effective.
“I know you’re mad, but try to calm down a little,” said Kerou.
“Yeah, don’t get your Fallopians all in a knot,” said Morgan.
“Okay, number one: You guys mention genitalia way too much.”
“Says the girl who came up with ‘hero-hymen’,” said Jizzelle.
“And two: No, I will not calm down! I just had a bottle thrown at my face by some skunk-bag trying to tell me that I’m not from South River. You see that South River ass-kicking shut her up.”
“Well, Tomika, you’ve lived in North River for three years and you just moved to Gardenia Hills this summer. There was the possibility that she may not have known that you were from South River. There was no reason to risk a lawsuit like that,” Jizzelle said.
“Are you guys seriously sticking up for that chick?” Allie said. “She threw a bottle at Tomika. That was a well-deserved ass-kick.”
“Thank you, Allie. I’m glad someone understands.”
To snatch up the girls’ attention, a knock came at the open door. They turned to see a woman dressed in business attire with a briefcase in hand. She timidly let herself in. “Hello girls. Is this a bad time?”
“It’s a very bad time! Who the Hades are you?” said Tomika.
“Annie Anderson, legal and image consultant. Remember?”
“Oh, God, I knew it. That girl at the concert’s gonna sue us, isn’t she?” said Kerou.
“Way to go, Tomika,” said Jizzelle.
“No, that situation’s totally under control. Although you did cause quite a stir with the label heads. We really didn’t think you’d beat that girl up so viciously the way you did.”
The answer crossed Tomika’s anger and rudely rubbed against it. “I really don’t want to, but I’m getting some sort of shenanigan vibe from this. For your safety and anyone involved, please tell me that the label did not set that whole thing up for a publicity stunt.”
“Publicity stunt’s a nasty term. We prefer to call it a ‘simulated scandal’. It’s all a part of transforming The Joanna Greys from a band name into a brand name.”
“You better start worryin’ about me branding your ass cheeks with whatever design is on these shoe soles. Ain’t nothin’ gonna be simulated about that,” Tomika said.
“And if the sitch was fake, why did you use a real glass bottle?” Morgan asked. “I mean wouldn’t you want to try to keep us as safe as possible?”
“Well, the bottle was fake. Real bottles shouldn’t really break that easily And I’m sorry if it hurts, but blood adds more depth to a story. And you’re fine, so it’s okay.”
“No, it’s not okay. My face is leaking!”
“But the more dramatic the story, the more the press will want to cover it. That’s how you get your name into the lexicon. I mean the blogs are already lighting up with footage of the fight. And Tomika, you’re definitely being touted as America’s new number one badass. They love that you’re only 16. We should dress you up in some more leather outfits to really get their tongues wagging.”
“I’m really trying to stop myself from wanting to kill you, but the more you speak, the more I just wanna scrunch up your trachea. So could you please just shut up?”
“See, that’s the attitude that they love. Keep that up and—”
“Please stop talking,” Tomika said.
“Fine, but here’s why I came up here.” Annie handed Tomika a stack of papers from within her briefcase. “The label made a few changes to your song ‘Generation Adderal’. Turns out we can’t use the name because of copyright issues. Look that over and get back to us.”
Tomika ran her eyes over the marks scratching out the bulk of all that she had written, but the suggested lyric changes twisted her veins into beating knots. “What in the esoteric reference to Fanchon Stinger’s jacked journalistic career is this piss?! You guys totally re-wrote my song and turned it into a skank anthem.”
“We just wanted it to be a little more catchy. Every song can’t be ‘We Are the World’, you know? And the current climate is just a dance-oriented one. Songs about what’s wrong with the world just aren’t selling right now.”
“Look, I’m all for vapid pop songs,” Tomika said. “I love them. My sister and I were in the sixth row singing ‘This I Promise You’ when ‘NSYNC came to Michigan in 2001, but that’s them. With my material, I want a balance of fun and introspective songs, or at least tongue-in-cheek criticisms of our society.”
“But this is gonna put you at the top of the charts. And once you bring hits to the label, they’ll be more inclined to let you do what you want, later. Just play ball with us for a couple of albums.”
“I’m not playing this game. This song makes Kerou sound like a slut.”
“Slut’s such a nasty term. We like to say she’s ‘got an edge’. Rihanna did the same thing and look at how she turned out.”
“Okay, firstly, not cool. And second, this is exactly what ‘Generation Adderal’ was about before you changed it. It’s about how girls are becoming women way too fast because the media acts like the only worth a girl has is how sexy she is. And I know it’s stupid to think that people our age would stay away from sex and drugs, but I can’t be one of the people who sings about it being ‘cool’. People my age need the right kind of education on those kinds of things or they might make a serious mistake. The song is irresponsible the way you want it.”
“Well, I think it’s irresponsible to sing about suicide the way you do. And pardon me for ‘being a part of the machine’, but if I’m not mistaken, you wanted to be a part of it too. Isn’t that why you signed with us? To let us help you become a star? This is part of the pop star process.”
“We signed with Cherryseed to help get my messages out there. And Steven promised that he wasn’t going do crap like this. He said we didn’t need to become something we’re not. You, as a woman, should understand what I’m talking about.”
“We’re not trying to make you something you aren’t. We’re just enhancing your personalities. You’re the hothead. Jizzelle’s the princess, Allie’s kinda rebel-spitfire-ish, Morgan’s the funny one, and Kerou’s the—”
“The slut? You think that’s all I bring to the group?”
“No, no, no. Not at all, Kerou.” Annie rushed to Kerou to hold her at an arm’s length. She looked gently into her eyes. “Listen, I’m sorry if it came out that way, but that is in no way how we think of you. We know you’re a genius and that is amazing, but it’s just that...” She paused to choose her words. “You don’t really come off that way, you know? You’re more of that fun party-girl-boy-crazy type. And that’s in no way a bad thing. We need people like you in music. You keep things fun.”
“But just because I like to have fun and I’ve been with more guys than all of my friends combined, that shouldn’t define who I am.”
“Yeah, she— Wait, what?” said Allie.
Annie let go of Kerou and stood back from the girls. She blew a leveling exhale. “Okay, fine. The truth is that yes, we did want to try to change you a little. We wanted to put you through the paces of some of our other artists with the scandals and everything, but you guys are different. You’re clearly not clay or vessels for us to mold and fill. You’re intelligent girls, and I want to say you’re still kids, but apparently Kerou’s very mature. So, I’m gonna go talk to the label and your manager and we’ll see if we can concentrate more on your talent. You guys relax, order room service and watch a little TV. I’ll get all of this cleared up. I promise.”
Annie let herself out and shut the door completely behind her. In a shake, she unburdened herself from her previous compassion and flipped out her mobile phone as she made a speedy walk down the hall. She chose a contact and brought the phone up to make a call. “There’s a Melody in the Dolls. Repeat, there’s a Melody in the Dolls. Chance of uprising: imminent. Prepare for extraction.” She ended the call and stepped into the hall’s end elevator to take her down to parts below.
Meanwhile, Tomika and the ladies had taken seats all over the room and there they sat to think silently about the situation. But out of the few seconds of clarity came a crack of a smile on Morgan’s face to bring a hint of concern into each of the girls. And it could only grow as Morgan’s smile blossomed into full-blown laughter.
“Dude, what’s so funny?” asked Allie, slowly slipping into laughter also.
“Dude, I was just, like, thinking about how ‘good’ and ‘food’ are, like, spelled the same, but they don’t, like, rhyme. Like what’s up with that?”
Jizzelle took in a long drag of a gasp. “Oh... my... God! I never noticed that! Like, how hinky is that? And, like speaking of food, like, if you put fries in an oven, are they fries or like ‘bakes’?”
“Bakes?!” Kerou cackled at the sentiment.
“Potato sticks.” Tomika spilled out of stifled snickers to join the chorus of chortles. In her laughter, she threw herself into a bow and smacked her forehead on her knee. “Owww! Wait, you know what, dude, that didn’t even hurt.” She snorted.
“How could it? It’s a part of your body,” Jizzelle said.
“Okay, okay, dude, dude... dude, wait...,” said Allie, slowing in speed. “Okay, wait.”
“Dude, don’t even worry about it,” said Tomika. “I know what you mean. ‘Cause you and me, we’ve got that connection. It’s like chemical.”
“Speaking of chemicals,” Kerou said, smiling with her eyes closed, “I’ve got a math joke.”
“Let me hear it!” Jizzelle screamed as she rolled on the bed.
“Okay. Why did the dentist tell me my tooth hurts at 2:30?” She began snickering and buried her face in her hands. “...Because when finding the hypotenuse, ‘a’ and ‘b’ can help you, but secant. Get it? Secant? It’s like the letter ‘c’ and triga-geometry or something.”
Morgan shot a stare at the girl before bursting into a great fit of uncontrollable glee. “Oh! It’s like the ocean or something!”
Tears streamed from the girls’ eyes as they collapsed to the floor immobilized in amusement, unable to understand how such inane thoughts could be so dearly hilarious. The enjoyment began to abate, and they began to drop into a more confusing state of inebriation. Scratching for control, their vision dimmed in and out of a fog and their bodies danced around numbing before they all blacked out. Open-eyed, sprawled on the hotel floor, nothing but the initial silence between them. Slyly, the vents in the walls closed.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Tomika eased her vision back into place, but a couple of blinks were in order to prove that what she was witnessing was an actual reality. A clammy, metallic smell wafting between the dark walls lined with rusty pipes and shadowed ceilings with hanging chains and miscellaneous mechanisms hiding faraway burbles and whirs. It was an all-real nightmare made more frightening when she tried to bring her body out of its recumbent position only to find herself unable to move freely. Her ankles and wrists were bound to a tattered leather and metal-frame examining chair. After looking left and right to see that her friends were unconscious in the same position as she, Tomika strained to bring her head up to view a vanward glow from where sounds of a clacking keyboard and hushed chatter were emanating. And the truth of the sight was more than disconcerting.
“Steven?! Annie?!” Tomika cried.
The duo whipped around. “Crap, she woke up,” said Steven.
“What the heck are you guys doing?! We call you on your crap so you prep us for lobotomies?”
“Lobotomy’s a nasty word. We call it... a ‘talent extraction’.” 
“A what?”
“A talent extraction,” Annie said. “We’re gonna take your and your friends’ talent and give it to some girls who are more willing to comply with our pop star program.” She pressed a button on the massive console behind her to command a frightening stretch of a syringe at the end of a metal arm to ratchet down from the ceiling, stopping just above Tomika’s left eye. 
“You see, Tomika, there will be a Joanna Greys EP in stores this fall even if your names are not in the liner notes,” said Steven. “It’s just business. You understand, right?”
“Seriously, you guys are twisted. Like Asian porn twisted. You can’t take someone’s talent.”
“Oh, but we can. In fact, you may already be familiar with the first result of this machine’s capability. Perhaps you’ve heard of an artist by the name of Lady GaGa? Dun, dun, dun! Dramatic sting.”
“See, GaGa would’ve faded into obscurity along with Colby O’Donis on that ‘Just Dance’ single had we not 'volunteered her' for the process,” Annie said. “We took a sample from Madonna during one of her dermatologist visits and gave it to GaGa, and next thing you know, she’s the next queen of the pop scene. We have no problem doing the very same thing again.” She pressed another button to start up a drill-like spinning of the syringe. “But don’t worry, honey. It won’t kill you. You can go back to your little lives after this. I guess.”
“You won’t get away with this.”
Steven laughed. “Of course we will. Do you know why movies that make media executives look shady get green-lit by those very same executives? It’s so we can already put into your mind that we are that level of psychotic evil. So, if someone says ‘did you know that Cherryseed Records stole Madonna’s talent and put it into Lady GaGa?’, it sounds cliché enough to make eyes roll. And on top of that, it sounds so crazy that it seems like it’s from a movie. A movie as farfetched as a box office bomb featuring a young Rosario Dawson and Seth Green. The entertainment business is psychology first and numbers second. Say anything you want to anyone you want. They won’t believe you.”
“I don’t give a damn about whatever Space Jam tactic or Josie and the Pussycats psychology you’re using. I meant you won’t get away with this without me kicking your ass. You don’t know what kind of girl you’re screwing with.”
“Such big talk from such a small girl. Now, I don’t feel so bad that the anesthesia we piped into your hotel room wore off. But before we do this...” Steven pressed a button to stop the drill. “This is purely just ‘cause I have an issue with a lack of closure—thanks to The Sopranos’ ambiguous series finale—but I’ve just gotta know something: What is up with your songs? Like, we went through the stuff in your songbook and they are just some of the most morbid and depressing things ever. I get you’re from the ‘ghetto’, and all that jazz, but you’re rich now. You can have anything you want. Seriously, what’s with the Tori Amos attitude?”
“I’m supposed to be mad because I’m a privileged teen. Haven’t you ever watched The O.C.?”
“No really, is it a act or is there something wrong with you?”
“Don’t you still owe me a guitar?”
“Just answer the question!”
“Go blow a psychiatrist.”
“Dammit, stop snarking me! No one likes snarky girls. Why do you think 30 Rock has poor ratings? Now, answer the question!”
“Can you please just answer him, Tomika?” Annie asked. “He will literally harp on this thing for the next couple of weeks, and I really don’t want to have to deal with that.”
“I don’t give a crap. Turn the needle thing on already.”
“Answer me.”
“No.”
“Answer me.”
“I’m going back to sleep.”
“Goddammit, answer me!”
“Fine. Whatevs. If it’ll get you off, my ‘problem’ is that I’ve seen too many kids grow up with nothing. Not even a dream. And some people say that ignorance is bliss which is fine, but where I come from, no one is ignorant to the fact that two miles down from where they live, they could be in a house where they can worry ten times less that someone’s gonna break in to steal copper piping. But they have to keep walking along some streets that are messed up so bad that they’d rather break their nose to flood it with blood so they don’t have to keep smelling the acidic piss and heavy crap scents. And what’s supposed to keep them going? The fact that one day they can have what others have two miles down the road? Sure, they could. But it doesn’t even take the less-than-remedial math underpaid teachers teach to figure out that more than three-quarters of the people around them won’t make it. That’s why these ‘ghettos’ persist. It’s from the fact that in 50 years, the people who thought they would make it out are still there. And I know it’s true because there are old men begging faceless, affluent white guys in the state capital for the well-deserved compensation they collected for decades while sweating in a factory making products for people who didn’t have the foresight to see that the countries they made fun of were gonna surpass them in nearly every aspect. I would see these people and wonder if I was going to be that way, stuck in the same place, suffering for 80 years. Begging.”
As Tomika captivated and discomforted the two with her tale, she  conjured up a vine and sneaked it to the back of her shirt and down to her leg shackles to slowly twist out the screws.
“Yeah, I made it out, but pardon me if my mind is still there after calling that place my home for 13 years. Excuse me if just because I have enough money to purchase whatever schlock you guys are passing off as music these days, I still have a connection to the despair some people feel from knowing that they will be chained to that place six times as long as I was, with 60 times as less money. Excuse me if I still have moments where guilt from leaving those people who helped raise me wakes me out of a reoccurring nightmare built from the detailed account of an old friend who had her virginity stolen by a boy who wanted to call himself a man, and it makes me sit up wondering how would I have felt after hearing that quasi-pillow talk of at least the attacker enjoying it, but angry grunts showing just how Cro-Magnon he is. The victim retching before and after it’s over. This isn’t a parable to explain how my heart bleeds for the defenseless. Like hell it doesn’t. I don’t need to tell anyone my convictions. I will show you because I know why I fight. And screw anyone who tells me to write happier songs. For what? We've been decrying the same injustices for years and years in movies, books, and songs and it still goes into the masses' ears as pablum. I'm gonna write about sickness, death and inequity because people hear those words and do nothing about them. I'm gonna say whatever the hell I want to say until it doesn't need to be said anymore. I'm gonna write until the revolution returns.
	And since you so desperately needed to know how deeply in the dark my mind can go, examine the possibility of it being screwed from growing up half-hopeless in squalor for so long that songs about suicide resonate with me to the point of true understanding against the possibility of my mind just being screwed up from taking in so much of your entertainment that I could string along the proper 200 words to make you think I feel sorry for leaving behind the people who criticized me for not following a certain religion or liking certain things that they liked. Which one is worse to stick inside a girl’s developing mind? Which side of screwed up do you think my mind on, and which side do you think you’re ready to tangle with, Mr. Wolffe?”
Steven and Annie stood still with eyes wide and their mouths even wider. “Holy shit.”
“Real shit.” Tomika ripped her legs from the shackles and thrust her body up to grab the drill between her shoes. Steven and Annie snapped from their daze to rush in and make an attempt at restraining the girl but she flipped the needle around and rammed it through Steven’s stomach. Tomika reared her legs back and unloaded all of the force she could create behind a rib-cracking kick to send them sailing across the room. The twosome crashed into the console and sent up sparks as the flat tops of the control panels curled up to reveal the wires underneath.
The girls’ chairs whirred and clunked as they straightened out and tilted to a flat stand as the shackles unlocked. Tomika landed on her feet and ran to the girls pouring off of the platters to meet a waking smack from the floor. She grabbed Jizzelle by the shoulders and shook her back to her senses.
“Tomika? What’s going on?” Jizzelle said.
“Long story short: Steven and Annie drugged us, they wanna steal our talent, we need to kick their butts.”
“That’s all I need to know,” Jizzelle said with a face showing full consciousness and resolve. “Did you hear that, girls?”
Morgan, Kerou, and Allie worked off their stupors and gave nods for answers. Then, they turned to focus on Steven and Annie pulling their smoldering selves out of the brilliant and blazing damage they made. Clutching his palm over the broken syringe draining out blood, Steven shakily stood with a surprising amount of delight.
“Nice moves, Tomika,” Steven said. “But we’ve got a couple of friends with better ones. Show her, Annie.”
Annie slid her sleeve up and pressed a button on a bracelet to set off booming clacks in the ceilings. Everyone looked up to the foreboding thunder echoing out below, watching as a rack holding an army of silver, faceless robot beings lowered down. It placed its cargo between the opposing sides with a ground-shaking impact, sealing the frightening heft of their violent potential.
“You ever wonder how an artist tours night after night, doing the same thing over and over without getting tired? It’s these ‘pop bots’,” Annie said. “We dress them up with fake skin and hair and the music comes from their mouths so its not even like they’re lip syncing. Britney Spears has three of them and we’ve got a Michael Jackson one ready for a tour in 2015.”
“You guys are sick!” said Allie.
“We are. But it’s so crazy, how could it be true?” Steven threw open his mouth and cackled but was quickly met with roaring coughs and blood-filled belches. “Oh, yeah. Collapsed lung.”
“But wait, if you’ve got these robots, why do you need to steal talent?” Tomika said.
“Hello, Beijing!” said a bot. “Are you ching-chongs ready to party?”
“We’re still working out some intelligence issues with them. As you’ve seen with Britney Spears, they tend to malfunction a lot. But as I said earlier, the talent will go to—”
“Steven, I know you have an answer complex, but they don’t need to know the whole plan,” Annie said. “Let’s just get out of here before we die from blood loss.” With her whole arm wrapped around her sunken torso, she snatched Steven’s sleeve and yanked him towards the door to follow her speedy limp.
“Talent goes to the new artists, bots go to established ones!” Steven yelled, his voice trailing off down the dark halls.
“Come on, let’s go after them,” said Jizzelle.
The bot army emitted a small electronic whine and rushed into a circle of a barrier between the girls and the faraway door. “Peace up, A-Town death,” said the one of the bots. Its neck opened and ushered out a necklace made of thick metal links and a heavy pendant to whip around as it coasted across the floor at superhuman speed. The closer it drew to the girls, the faster the necklace spun until it formed a large saw under its head.
Kerou and Tomika jumped backwards out of its path and straight into the reach of another six bots who raised their legs straight up over her head. “Don’t ‘cha wish your girlfriend kicked ass like me?!” The bots dropped their legs down like hammers, but the girls evaded them and joined Allie, Morgan and Jizzelle in an escape out of the circle. The bots adjusted their aim and charged for the girls backed against a wall. “I want you dead,” a bot said as the army unsheathed syringes from their palms.
“I think now would be a good time to bring out those charms,” Allie said.
“Couldn’t agree more,” Tomika said. “Killer charm, go!”
Light whisked around the girls’ wrists and kicked out a great glow that knocked the bots across the room. A shower of sparks burst from the cluster of flailing arms and legs, but they did not take much time to roll out of their jumble and prop their selves up into rows ready to attack. They charged forward, again, spouting off overlapping cries.
“Who let the death out?! Who, who, who?”
“I am the walrus! Coo-coo, ka-kill!”
“Like a murderer, killing for the very first time.”
“Come on, baby, do the loco-murder!”
“Killing him softly with murder, strumming his pain with kill.”
“Guys, I love classic hits as much as the next girl,” Kayzi said, “but something tells me we need to hurry up and think of a way to stop the pop.”
“And I know just the way to do it. Follow me, girls.” Mimi took out her sword and bounded into the wall behind her. She called for the brick to give her a thrust up to the ceiling where she slashed open a hole to take her up to the ground floor of the Cherryseed headquarters. She pulled herself through. Then, Jakkie grabbed Allie under the armpits and soared through, followed by Kayzi and Minnie who reenacted Mimi’s actions.
The bots leaped through the tear and flooded through like a geyser. They switched on the heat-sensing optics in their faces and scanned the scenery’s stark difference of welcoming furnishings and decoration for the faintest signature of past warmth.
“Bring it on to Omlette-death,” a bot nasally sang on location of a trail leading to a door marked “Rehearsal Studio”. Rambling off their macabre cries, the infantry ran down the hall and past a receptionist who had barely batted an eyelash.
“Hello... is it you I’m looking to kill?” said a bot upon bursting into the room. But its lead was halted by the rush of a grainy sting from an amplified guitar. It was pushed back into the line of others struggling to shove through the little door.
“Lady-bots and gentle-droids, we’re The Pretty Killers!” Mimi cried into a microphone fastened to its stand by several layers of gray duct tape. With the team on their instruments behind her, she readied her fingers on the guitar slung over her neck, closed her eyes and brought up out of her body a ferocious scream to lead into singing. “1, 2, 3, 4!”

What doesn’t make us will surely break us
If it feels like it’s well enough, then do it
And if it kills me, at least I can’t regret it
What works away, and what stays the same
Between us lies this mess we made
‘Cause we don’t bleed the same

Did you bring your guns to school today? My premonition
Whatever you wanted, whatever you needed
Whatever you said, I’ll make you forget it
And every headline knows my name
Goddamn it, I’m conceited
When the cameras shoot off both our heads
Only one of us is leaving.

The freaks of many lives
Aim right between the eyes
They aim with such precision
You won’t apologize
The freaks of many lives
Aim right between the eyes
They aim with such precision
Come back before I die

Bandaged and dragging on crutches, Annie and Steven came from the elevator in the front lobby to head out through the front door, but a faint sound caught them by the ears and perked them up. “Wait, what is that?” said Annie.
“The pop bots are fighting some girls in the rehearsal studio,” said the receptionist as she flipped through a magazine.
Annie and Steven traded uneasy but intrigued glances before they resolved to make a hastened hobbling down the hall. They came upon the congestion of the bots about the room, bouncing around and sparking from the grit of Mimi’s growling vocals over a heavy scratch of distorted and defeated melody stampeding from the speakers at their highest volume. But they were able to see well enough through the bright lights and smoke to identify the source of the music.
“Who are they?” Annie said. “I recognize Allie, and the singer’s unique purple eyes, black-rimmed glasses, and brown skin all look familiar, but somehow the clothes leave me baffled.”
“I know, right? But that sound...,” Steven said, hypnotized, “it’s so angsty, so frustrated. It’s raw like punk, but not overly dramatic like screamo. It’s some kind of easily accessible alternative rock. What is this sorcery?”
“It’s grunge, Steven. But what I meant was—”
“Grunge! That’s a good name for this fresh and new sound. We have to sign these girls.”
Purple light swirled around the neck of Mimi’s guitar as she furiously scraped out a solo to duel with Allie’s, both playing over Jakkie’s pink-glowing guitar holding the riffs. Red light sped in orbit around the top of Kayzi’s bass as she rapidly slapped the thick strings, and yellow light swirled around Minnie’s sticks with each snap of the snare drums. The colors mixed quicker and quicker until they morphed into white beams that shot from the instruments to burst into sparkles high above the heads of all in the room. From that cloud of tiny lights came a silky white being that astonished the Pretty Killers with its flowing appearance, but Allie stood bewildered by the girls’ pause and their staring off into the dissipating cloud.
“Can you girls see or hear me?” the ghostly woman said with her thick English accent. It was like one would have around Leeds or something.
All but Allie answered and nodded.
“Well, keep playing!” the ghost said.
The Pretty Killers left their amazement and continued playing the song to send off more light into the ghost. She darted about the room, passing through the bots and leaving fiery explosions in her wake. The bangs surged throughout the room and concentrated back to the door, thrusting Annie and Steven down the hall in a blaze of red, orange, yellow and black smoke.
“Erp!” The receptionist belched as a speedy line of flames died down in front of her. She gave her chest a small pound to clear out the gas. “Shouldn’t have had that ravioli.”
In the rehearsal room, the feedback of a final note sailed off through clouds of destruction clearing to make visible the carnage of dismantled robot parts charred and strewn about the area. But limbs hanging from walls and head-shaped canisters were far from the girls’ minds as before them was a thing of wonder, hovering in a long, white dress marked with the flag of the United Kingdom. “’Ello, ladies. I’m Spectra Spice, the ghost of girl power.” She threw out a peace sign and gave them a smiling wink. “Made slight work of those divvies back there, eh? Right ace job, rocking off your minges like that.”
“What?” said Minnie.
“What, what?” said Allie.
“No, I was just asking the Spectra what she meant.”
“Who’s Spectra?”
“The ghost there,” Minnie said as she pointed to the apparition floating barely seven feet away.
“I don’t see anything.”
“It must be our charms. Because they’re from the Spirit World,” Mimi said. “See, if you would join the team, you’d have abilities like that, Allie.” 
“Chill, Mimi,” Kayzi said. She turned to Spectra. “So, the ghost of girl power? Do you mean ‘girl power’ like the Spice Girls’ whole mantra?”
“Obviously, honey. I’m Spectra Spice. I recruited the Spice Girls to help spread my message of empowerment and equality for girls of all walks of life. And the more girls believed in me and believed in themselves, the stronger I became. But the whole scene took a toll on my girls, so they split up and moved on to real womanhood. Since then, it just seems as if I’ve been eternally knackered. A lot of little girls just don’t feel as strong as they used to.”
“So, what made you show up to help us?” Jakkie asked.
“I pop up wherever girls are fighting for the good of women through music. And even as dark as your lyrics are, Mimi, I can hear you trying to speak up for all the girls who feel hopeless. Girl power’s not specific to pop music, sweeties. As long as you’re living for feminism and having fun with your mates, that’s where I’ll be.”
“Well, um... thank you for your help,” Mimi said.
“No problem, always happy to assist. It’s always nice to meet more girls with a gift.”
“Wait, if only girls with a gift can see you, what was special about the Spice Girls?”
“Satanic heritage.”
“Oh.”
“Yep. Well, I’m off to go help Katy Perry. She’s just trying so hard, bless her heart. Later, ladies. Whether it’s music or whatever you do, try to keep the spirit alive.” Spectra soared up and out of sight through the ceiling, but her words remained deep within the girls’ heads and hearts to give them a new layer of understanding in the importance of what they do.
“Wow. So, we can see ghosts,” Minnie said. “That’s cool.”
Jakkie turned to the girls and lifted her guitar off of her. “Guys, I like making music with you and all, but we don’t belong out on the road touring. We need to be at home, protecting our city and giving hope to all the little ones that good always triumphs... or at least comes out just slightly on top at least a third of the time.”
“I was just thinking the same thing,” said Mimi. “It was always my dream to be up on that stage, but there’s something even more gratifying about cutting open a monster in the name of justice and all that’s pretty. I’m sure if we give it a week, the people will forget about The Joanna Greys, the label will drop us, and everything will be back the same strange next week. It’s the one-hit wonder cycle of life.”
“But at least we’ve got a nice souvenir for the road home,” said Allie. She pulled a flash drive from her pocket.
“What’s that?”
“Demos from Cherryseed’s artists. Including Lady GaGa,” she whispered. “She may be a Madonna clone, but it’d be a lie to God if I didn’t say I love both their half-Italian asses.”
“Allie, are you crazy? These guys’ll probably send someone to kill you if they find out you have something that important,” Mimi said.
“Relax. I just made a couple of copies, and it’s not I’m gonna leak anything. Besides, those butt nuggets owe us something for all the crap we’ve just been through.”
“Whatevs,” Kayzi said. “I just want a good night’s sleep. I feel like a frickin’ vampire with the way we’ve been up all these nights this past week.”
“Oh, my God! That totes reminds me, we still haven’t watched Twilight: Eclipse. Now, we’ve got plenty of time. Right, Mimi?”
“I’m coming to meet you, Kurt,” Mimi said.




Chapter Five
Chicken Fries


It had been a morning moving slower than most days at Hester Prynne High. The clockwork doldrums ticking echos over teachers droning lessons to drowsy students only stood to breed a mutual hate between the parties. Surely, the screws holding together the communal tolerance of company and the sanity of each therein would rift and tear if not for the thirty minute revive found in the shelter of the cafeteria at lunchtime. The time had arrived and the usual gossip was among the kids, but in analyses of the previous night’s entertainment, the talk that could not be denied was the surprise of a new but familiar smoky odor filling the redecorated room. Posters advertising specialty value meals plastered the walls that were painted cream with a red and blue accent to work comfortably as a venue to the school’s new vendor. Burger King had taken place of Starbucks as the school’s sponsor and right outside of the doors stood a solid group of students putting forth nothing but malignity towards the arrival of the concession.
“One, two, three times two to the six. Burger King is murder and tastes like shit! Eight, six, seven, five, three, oh, nine. Animals deserve to have a life!”
“Students, please calm down,” Principal O’Lanski called out over the kids. “The sponsor will only be here until next semester. I promise.”
“Yeah right. Like the toxic allure of capitalism won’t encircle your morals exhorting you and the superiors to fill this institution with stores of death. The beak-less chickens, and the medicated bovine, the jugulated turkeys and lambs. We won’t allow it! We’re cutting you off at the source! We will stand for the animals! We are Teens for Ethical Animal Treatment. We are TEATs! And yes, we chose that acronym on purpose.” The orator raised his fist along with the concurring cries of his peers behind him.
Principal O’Lanski threw his face into his palms and dragged them down in aggravation.
Coasting about the hallways on a gold and white bicycle, Kerou caught sight of her supervisor deep in frustration and slowed to a stop beside him. “Principal O’Lanski?”
“Aaaaaggggghhhhhhhhh! No!” The unexpected arrival of that sweet voice rubbed against something inside Principal O’Lanski again, but, while keeping his eyes averted, he reeled in composure. “Miss Karlrissian, what are you doing here?”
“It looked like you had an issue. I wanted to see if I could help.”
“No, no, I’ve got this. You just run along and have your lunch.”
“Well, that was my plan, but these guys are in the way. Can you, like, move ‘em along?”
Principal O’Lanski’s whole body dropped to plaintive whining. “I can’t. They’re adamant, organized and found the one sentence in the school charter that gives them the right to do this. 640 pages and they found the one sentence! If you can figure something out, be my guest.”
Though there was a fiery glare on each of the students, Kerou calmly approached the affronted assemblage, walking her bicycle with her between her legs. “Guys, talk to me. What’s wrong with having a Burger King?”
“We have cause for vexation based solely on the unequivocal fact that meat is murder and we will not lie placid while it is in our learning institutional facility! This man thinks that the only way the school can procure funds is through the use of this corporate murder machine’s excrement? We say hell no, Principal O.!
“It’s not my fault; it was the superintendent! Yell at him, not me,” said Principal O’Lanski.
Our vocal weapon will prosper against all figures of corrupted authority, and stride up the ladder of your academic fascism!”
“Okay, firstly, stop yelling. We’re right in front of you,” Kerou said. “Second of all, stop using all those unnecessary words; only Louis Farrakhan can do that. Third of all, if you guys are supposed to be protectors of animals, shouldn’t you be concerned about the fact that you’re preventing humans from eating? We’re animals, too. Why do you wanna force us omnivores to be herbivores? You wouldn’t do that to a carnivore like a lion or a wolf, would you?”
“Oh no, you’re not weaseling him out of this injustice with that lame argument. You know just as well as I that animals do not posses the faculties to say in our language that they suffer just as we should a knife pierce our flesh. We will be the ones who shall end this injustice no lower heinous than slavery 200 years ago.”
“Yeah. Equating slavery to animal rights. That’s fair.”
“We have evolved from this. We do not need to eat animals. It is not a matter of survival at this point especially when every nutrient you need can be found in the hundreds of vegetables we have. Animals, too, are sentient. I mean you wouldn’t eat a mute person just because he can’t tell you that he’s in pain. Why should it be different for non-human animals?”
“You know what, that is a mega-hella superb argument. And you know where it would be most effective? At the slaughterhouse, because here it’s basically like you’re yelling at an Oreo for having chocolate in it. It’s too late at this point. The cows are dead, they’re already ground, they’re pre-grilled and ready for consumption.”
The group’s leader turned to face his disciples. “The little one is correct! The dawn of a new age of agriculture will not find its inception by such a meager showing. We must demand change from every farm in North America and let the media ring true with our message. The time of the vegetarian is at hand! Are you with me, my brothers and sisters?!” Sharing the warmth of the fight on their hands, the entire crew simultaneously raised their fists and charged through the doors of the school with their battle cries shaking the streets.
“Yeah, run off to your precious ‘cruelty-free’ vegetables picked by underpaid immigrant workers,” Kerou mumbled, watching the parade fade into the distance.
As Principal O’Lanski was caught in the shock of the moment, he allowed himself to look at his employee and immediately found a feeling of beauty and bliss greater than he had ever experienced. “Miss Karlrissian... that was amazing. Thank you so much.”
“That was nothing. I just wanted to get them out of the school so you can give ‘em detention for cutting class. Those guys don’t have the balls to be nihilists; they’re just fad-activists. One day, they’re all about recycling, then they’re all about AIDS, then cancer, and now animal rights. They act like they’re down for the cause, but it’s really just for the self-gratification of being a part of the scene. I mean I’m all for my generation standing up against intolerance of any kind, but these renegade vegans just ruin it for the whole group and make them all look like jerks. It’s like, if it’s your choice to not eat meat, that’s cool, but don’t force your lifestyle on me. I love animals, and I totally hate the cruelty people inflict upon them, and I know about the farms and factories and whatever, but if I choose to eat meat for my nutrition, why is it any of your concern? I mean there’s worse things in the world than my eating a burger, you know?”
Principal O’Lanski rubbed the back of his head holding some apprehension. “Yeah, there’s... there’s some sick and sad people out here.” He cleared his throat. “But at least there’s people like you. Honestly, Miss Karlrissian, I don’t think I have ever met a person like you before. I mean I know I’ve never met a teenager like you before and I can’t really explain it, but it’s like you... you just put the world together and make sense of some of the most dumbest details of our lives. I just can’t believe you’re only a kid. You’re just so amazing. Why are you wasting your time at this school when you can be doing something so much greater than fooling around with these idiots?”
“Thank you, sir. That’s what I’ve heard from every adult since I was five and wrote an essay describing how utopian connotations in Barney and Sesame Street can be misread as dormant cues for the Socialist agenda. But I guess, now, I’m just kinda jaded. I thought I’d be dealing with people with a higher order of thinking, but most of my students are not unlike the kids I used to go to school with who used to say that certain artists and bands aren’t ‘real music’, and I just hate that stuff. Does that make me a jerk?”
“Congratulations, Miss Karlrissian. You’re a real teacher; you hate your students. And yeah it  does make you a jerk. Just a little.”
Kerou chuckled “It’s just that I promised myself that I wasn’t gonna be that kind of teacher. I mean I just started. I don’t want to be like this already. I don’t know. Maybe a mixture of every soda the lunchroom has will give me the sugar rush I need to refuel my whimsy. Later, sir.”
Principal O’Lanski found himself lost in the remnants of his small wonder as she rode away, unknowing of the passion brewing up deep inside him. It would undoubtedly make the next words to leave his lips those of his deepest desires ready to disregard all qualms of being spoken in their disparaging society. For that which was in his heart had blossomed completely from unadorned carnal ambitions into a need for his eyes, his emotions, and his life to dance with hers in an endless waltz of union. He knew he had to have her, if only for a night at any cost. But the fences between his want and restraint were mending and caution regained control of his being.
He knew for sure that he loved Kerou but also knew that it would be more prudent for that fact to stay unspoken. Still, there were such blurry lines writing his reason. Just as Kerou’s mind blurred the line between child and adult, so did his. And though the significance would lie as the heart of his sentiment for Kerou, it would do the same as the problem.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

It was apparent from the long line of students in the cafeteria that the long forgotten affair outside the walls was well within its own opinion. The rapidity of the processed meat’s journey from freezer to lunch tray proved that an exceptional deal had been made. But like the inevitable sting one would get from a hand in a hive, a fast-food restaurant could not run without the turn of a few overworked and exasperated teens behind the counter. One of the said, cursing ever so often at the register, was Allie who had to deal with an indecisive customer at the forefront of equally impatient students.
“I’m ever so sorry,” the girl said in a prim accent reminiscent of the southern belles of lore. “I’m new here and the whole idea of this kind of diner inside the school leaves me downright flustered.”
“Just pick something, it’s all the same kangaroo meat.”
The girl focused on the menu behind Allie, darting up and down the numerous amount of choices waiting to be ordered. But the longer she tried to decipher the enticing names of the specials alongside the classics of cheeseburgers and milkshakes, the longer she resided on indecision. “I do declare, there are so many choices. And they all sound so delectable.”
Morgan stepped to the girl’s side, leaned closely to her and said, “Don’t worry, I’ll handle this.” She turned to Allie. “The new kid wants three moo-cows, one no cukes, one no stinkers, one wet one, four tubers and four from the vine.”
Allie stared at Morgan with annoyed confusion twisted up in her face. “Morgan, what the hell are you talking about?”
“Come on, you don’t remember that? It’s from the first episode of Doug. That was a classic episode. Remember?”
“I really don’t have time for this. I’ve got people here trying to eat and I’m trying to take this girl’s order if she’d freakin’ choose something!”
“Well, I guess I’d settle for a salad,” the girl said timidly.
Allie grabbed a small plastic container full of the whitest part of the lettuce’s core and shoved it into the girl’s hands. “Enjoy,” she said with a faux smile. “Next!”
Cued by the call, the person behind the girl pushed her to side and began ordering. A shade disheartened, and questioning just if her lunch was edible, she looked up from the container and looked around at the tables of cliques keeping to themselves. She made her way to one of the few empty tables left, but a brush at her side left her in a bit of added surprise.
“Sorry about that. Allie’s just mad ‘cause her economy class forces her to work the counter at lunch. Plus, she’s part Italian and part Irish so she’s just a time bomb on two seconds. I’m Morgan Harischandra. What’s your name? Where are you from?”
A smile appeared on the girl. “I’m Britney. Britney Kefferstein. I just moved from Tennessee and my parents want me to try this school out to see if I want to go here or Jackie Onassis High.”
“What? Dude, no way, Jackie Onassis is lame. The school, not the person. Come sit with me and my friends. We’ll show you that this is totally the school for you. We’ll tell you all you need to know about Hester Prynne and Queen City in general, like no matter what the bank manager down on Fifth Street tells you, the flat tax will not fix everything. It’s a bold-faced, upper-echelon lie.”
“Oh, um... okay?”
Morgan led Britney to a table currently occupied by Tomika who had her face buried in a book while she rested her back on Marc’s side. They were both sitting across from Kerou who was sipping from a small cup. “Hey guys, this is Britney Kefferstein. She’s a new kid from the South—the Lady Antebellum South, not the 8ball & MJG South. Britney, this is Marc Kearney, an actor from Canada. And this is Tomika Drake. She was born with that eye color. They’re our obligatory interracial couple. And this is Kerou Karlrissian. She’s a teen genius and a teacher here.”
“How peculiar,” Britney said as she sat next to Morgan. “It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintances. I  appreciate your open arms very much. Miss Morgan here has just been as kind as cotton in a day that’s been terribly trying.”
“Tomika, doesn’t she remind you of a 1960s actress?” Morgan said. “Like Diana Dors or one of those girls?”
“Who?”
“You know, one of those many not-Marilyn-Monroes? Nice boobs and hips? Died early like many blondes did those days?”
“I don’t know. All your white idols look the same to me.”
“But just look at how pretty she is. Marc, come on, wouldn’t you want a pin-up of her delicious butt if you were a soldier?”
“I really don’t think I should answer that.”
“You don’t have to say anything,” Britney said, blushing in a smile. “I appreciate the compliment, Miss Morgan, but don’t you think that’s a little vulgar considering we just met?”
“There’s nothing vulgar about a butt. What would be vulgar is if I touched it.” Morgan placed her hefty brown bag of lunch on the table and from inside retrieved her stack of double cheeseburgers.
“Um, Morgan, don’t you think that’s a lot for one girl?” Kerou said. “I mean aren’t you worried about your sodium intake?”
“Dude don’t worry. My soda’s right here.” She raised her cup.
“So, what part of the South are you from?” Marc asked.
“Tennessee. That’s my heart forever. Say, you all don’t have any of those ‘queen bee’ types around here, do you? You know, like the evil popular girls or such?”
“Well, there’s my sister and this other girl Danielle Marcelle, I guess,” Tomika said. “But they’re more Clueless than Heathers. So, what brings you up to this sinking ship of a state, anyway?”
“My father got a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for a job up here so we packed up, sold the family plantation and, here I am.”
“Figures,” said Tomika, rolling her eyes.
Marc gave Tomika a sharp nudge and a stern glare.
“I know what you’re thinking, but I can assure to you that my ancestors never did and never will commit any injustice as heinous as slavery. They came to America after all of that stuff. They escaped from being in the worst part of the Holocaust.”
“Dude, for real? What did they get ‘em for?”
“Morgan!” cried Kerou, mortified.
“What? I didn’t wanna just assume they were Jewish. People were rounded up for a lot of reasons.”
“They were Polish Jews, Miss Morgan. That was reason enough for their internment. Short-lived as it was, they told me that it was still an unforgettable nightmare of villainy. God rest their souls.”
“Wait, let me get this straight,” said Tomika. “You’re Jewish and you were living in one of the most conservative, Jesus-preaching regions of the country? Wasn’t that rough?”
“Of course I got teased every now and then, but that’s just how schoolchildren are. I didn’t call attention to my religion, though. I’m not ashamed to be Jewish. It’s just that I don’t think that it’s imperative to just throw it out there.”
“Yeah, well, get used to it, here,” Tomika said. “Queen City’s an absurdly diverse city for some inexplicable reason, and everyone feels the need to remind you of their beliefs, and customs and whatnot. You know, everything but proper representation of black people.”
“We’re not allowed to call anyone a retard either,” Kerou said. “So ‘mustard’ became a slur in its place. And that’s pretty much how the school’s population breaks down: Half are very sensitive to other cultures or disabilities, and the other half feels that if we praise so many different people, then we can make fun of them as well. It’s like if the asexual paraplegic autistics can’t see how diverse we are, then they’ve undoubtedly heard about it from the deaf pansexual foster children with the Tom DeLonge speech impediment.”
“Damn shame about those anomic aphasia kids, though,” said Marc. “They just wanna ask for a straw with their lunch, but they end up with extra chicken fries. And a side of extra confusion.”
“It may seem like we’re just a school of tokens, but I think it’s the exposure to such different cultures and types of people that creates the comfort in this school when discussing religion and such,” Kerou said. “I mean some people get a little too comfortable and say stupid things, but we basically understand a little about each other which makes everyone seem less weird. Except for those creepy Mormons. But I guess, should any other religion destroy the world in a holy war, you can bet Utah will be standing strong.”
“Well, that sounds downright dandy. I’m glad to hear so many people can be their selves up here. Nevertheless, being Jewish in the South really wasn’t that bad, at least until Madonna started that whole Kabballah thing, though. And I guess there was that whole ‘Jedus’ typo fiasco that riled up the town’s feathers last Christmas. It’s not like I spelled it that way to spite anyone. ‘D’ is so close to ‘S’ on the keyboard, but no one wanted to hear that. And the next thing I know, everyone’s calling me a blasphemer for making up ‘Jedi Jesus’. It was totally unfair.”
Morgan’s eyes shot open. “Dude, Jedi Jesus? That’s, like, the most  awesome thing I’ve ever heard,” she said, mouth full of food. “I mean can you imagine how much cooler the Bible would be if the universe was created by Darth Vader?”
“Things would make so much more sense if that’s how the book of Genesis went,” Tomika said. “Not to mention it would be hilarious to hear Bill Maher renounce the Sith Lord as the one and only creator.”
“Gracious, such humor. What a difference a few hundred miles makes. Why, I feel as mismatched as a cow in a blouse,” Britney said. “It’s like I just stepped into an all-new country and I left my suitcase at the airport.”
“I know how that feels,” said Marc. “But you’ll get used to it. At least you understand this God-awful United States measurement system. I mean why do you guys use it? There’s no order to it.”
“Don’t get mad at us just because your country’s too pussy to use a measurement system with no specific pattern,” Tomika said.
“Pretty sure the world’s metric majority negates that.”
“You can complain if you wanna, but inches sound bigger than centimeters to us United States girls, if you know what I mean.”
Kerou tauntingly whooped as Tomika gave the blushing Marc a salacious nudge.
“I don’t get it. Does he have a big penis or what?” Morgan said.
Tomika’s smirk dialed down to an annoyed stare at Morgan.
Britney daintily fanned the aroused smile charmed on her face. “My stars, how coarse you northerners are. I do believe I’m gettin’ the vapors.”
“Dude, don’t even worry,” said Morgan. “Ranch dressing does that to me too. It’s totally cool. I don’t even smell anything.”
Britney tittered. “You all are such characters. I think I’m gonna like it here.”
“Yeah, you’ll fit in fine. Michigan’s full of rednecks; we might as well have a belle in the Hills. But you’ll soon find out that there’s a fine line between jaded and witty in this state, and we’re all just pretty much insane, on and off medication.”
“Oh, my, there’s that wit again. I do declare, Tomika, you have the strangest sense of humor.” Britney giggled.
“I’m not even joking. When Asia took over the auto industry, we cornered the market on crazy. And the lucid kind of crazy, too. And the saddest part is that with all of the unemployment, most people can’t afford the medicine they need to stay the socially-accepted level of normal, and probably, it’s the dependency on government assistance that’s to blame for the lack of workers. I mean why schlep for forty hours a week when the government can pay you to sit on your ass at home? People out here abusing the system and jacking it up for the people who really need it.”
“Oh... oh my.” It was clear that Britney had begun considering the information presented and from the slipping away of her smile, it was also evident that these ruminations had a start to troubling her, which also troubled Morgan.
“Tomika, your crazy sister’s naked!” Morgan yelled.
“What?!” Tomika swung her head around.
Morgan broke from a worried glance to fling a weighty item to Tomika’s head. A heavy thud and crack brought about a cringe at the table. Tomika made an unsettling groan and shrunk to cover the back of her head. Marc pulled her close to attempt a soothing of the ache. “Morgan! What the heck?” he cried.
“I’m sorry. She was making stuff all depressing and awkward, and I want Britney to wanna hang out with us. She reminds me of Jamie Pressly, without the permanent angry face.”
“So you chuck a frakkin’ remote control at me?!” Tomika said.
“I panicked. I grabbed the first thing I had.”
“Why do you have a remote with you?!”
“I don’t know! I panicked!”
“Oh, I’m-a give you somethin’ to panic about!” Tomika lunged across the table to grab Morgan by the collar with intent to make the girl hurt as much as she at the moment. Before she delivered the revenge blows, Marc got his greatest grip on Tomika, but her rage was more than difficult to hold. He knew Tomika would undoubtedly dole out more than an equalizing fist in the heat of her anger so he held fast to her arms.
“Let her go, Tomika! She’s sorry,” Marc said.
“I really am. I’m sorry,” Morgan said.
“I don’t care,” Tomika said.
With the affray only a foot away, Kerou turned to Britney. “You wanna go someplace quieter than all of this cultural tolerance?”
Britney nodded quickly.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Propped up on the back pegs of Kerou’s bike, Britney held on to the girl’s shoulders as they rolled through the halls of the school filled with only the sound of the smooth slide of the wheels. With the students divided between classrooms and the cafeteria, Britney relished the opportunity to have an unabridged observation of the school’s charms and subtleties compared to the whirlwind fog of acclimation into which she had been thrust that morning. Truly, her head was still in a haze from that and from which they just left. Her concern would not allow her to calm without an explanation of the event.
“I do so appreciate this, Kerou. But your friends, should we have left them like that? It seems like that little tiff was serious. It was a bit frightening.”
“Aw, don’t worry about them. They’re still friends. Tomika will calm down, apologize and they’ll be okay.”
“Are you sure?”
“More than sure. Tomika threatens to kill us all the time.”
The worry deepened under Britney’s eyes, but she cast it back for the time being. “Um, Kerou, if you don’t mind my asking, but why are you riding a bike inside the school?”
“The principal will pretty much let me do whatever I want. Now, we’ve got fifteen minutes left before lunch is over and I wanna show you some of the awesomeness around this place. And the best place to start is right here in the Scarlet Circle.”
The girls rode out of the pattern of lockers and doors and into a grand cavaedium with sparkling red and black marble spiraling up from the floor to the glass roof where sunlight peeking through clouds shone in. Like arteries running in and out of the heart, the halls of the two floors of the school all convened to the one room with thick rose bushes lining the walls of the ground floor and silver-railed balconies looking down on them. Kerou rode around the inner perimeter and let her voice echo out.
“This is the heart of Hester Prynne, our school’s namesake.” She rolled to a stop and let Britney hop off the bicycle to examine the expanse at her speed. 
“Oh, my goodness. It’s so beautiful,” she said, gazing at the clouds rolling overhead.
“And if you look down you’ll see that there are little letter A’s designed into the floor.”
Britney stooped down and studied the markings. “Oh yeah, I see them. That’s so cute. By the way, do you know why they chose to name the school after Hester Prynne anyway? Peculiar choice, don’t you think?”
“Yeah, but it beats the original choice of Elizabeth Bathory. I guess they had to do something with all this red interior. Besides, the unconventionality is fitting. I mean do you know of any other schools that teach fishing and have an actual narwhal as a school mascot?”
“I can certainly say that I do not. And I sure as shoot wouldn’t have thought I’d be in a class to learn how to ‘battle rap’, either. I do declare, this place has the strangest electives.”
“No smokin’ way, you’re in Battle Rap 101? I bet that’s fun in that we’re-collectively-embarrassing-ourselves kind of way.”
“Hardly, Kerou. I am not a fan of rap and I have no desire to learn to do so, either. I haven’t the faintest idea as to why someone would think that a class should be based around something like that.”
“I understand. Everyone always has that one class that they don’t like. Like back when I was a student, I hated gym ‘cause I’m not a pretty sweater so I became a teacher, and now I’ve gotta give money to FICA. It’s an okay trade-off, I guess. But how about your other classes?”
“I’ve been to Trigonometry and Environmental Science, so far, and besides the rapping class, they’re okay. After lunch I’ve got Anime Comprehension, Celestial Mechanics and Understanding Methodical Concupiscence. The name sounds interesting so we’ll see how that is.”
“Oh, my God, you’ve got the fetish class.”
“The what?”
“Understanding Methodical Concupiscence, that’s the fetish class. You learn about the psychological foundations of different fetishes and strange stuff like that, and Dr. Mistress January makes the class so fun. She’s like the Bill Nye of dominatrices. Have you met her yet?”
“I’m most certain I don’t want to. In fact, the disturbing image in my head is convincing me to request a schedule change so I don’t have to.
“No, you’ll love that class. Dr. Mistress January is the coolest. She and I are in the same department so I’ve had a chance to get to know her lessons and stuff. She’s been like a mentor to me and I just know that you will love her. Come on, we should go visit her.”
“I don’t know, Kerou. I appreciate your hospitality, but maybe this school just isn’t the right fit for me. My mama always says milking a bull for breakfast only leaves a mess on your hands.”
Kerou scrunched her face up in confusion.
“I’m saying you’ve got good intentions, but we’re just going down a nowhere road, you know? The big city’s not a kind place to a little farm girl like me.”
“Aw, that’s just what those country songs want you to believe. My mom always said ‘take a chance today, wear a smile tonight.’”
“That is some mighty fine advice.” Britney shrugged. “Okay, let’s go. I mean this mistress woman shouldn’t be too unsavory if she’s a teacher, right?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

She was a thin and pale woman with dark black hair and rosy red lips, her simplicity in fashion complemented by a black blazer and a matching skirt. Before an audience of desks devoid of those ready for her tutelage, Dr. Mistress January sat calm and loose but confident with a smoking quellazaire in hand and boots propped up by an open laptop on her neatly arranged desk. She smoothly sipped a hint of smoke as a rhythm of whimpers and wails carried her heated urges ever more closer to a satisfying touch, and the deeper the passion drove into the actors she watched, the more she wanted to share in the fantasy they were painting. She uncrossed her legs and slid her hand to her skirt’s hem, but a knock at the door halted the doings she so deeply desired to make at the moment.
Dr. Mistress January threw herself into a more proper posture. “Oh, hello, ladies.” She slammed her laptop closed and cleared her throat. “I was just researching the goddess Hedone. Compelling stuff, I would say.”
“Uh-huh,” said Kerou with scathing dubiety.
Dr. Mistress January stood and straightened out the wrinkles in her clothes. She walked to the girls. Kerou, delighted. Britney, a bit apprehensive. “So, what brings you to my den of depravity? Do you need some condoms?”
“I’m just here to drop in and bring you a present, something that I knew you’d love.”
Dr. Mistress January feigned a gasp. “A new student? Just for me?”
“Yep. This is Britney Kefferstein. She’s from Tennessee. I want to show her how awesome Hester Prynne High is, so I brought her to you.”
“Flattered.” Dr. Mistress January turned to Britney and put her hand out for a salutatory shaking. “And Miss Kefferstein, welcome, welcome, my dear.”
Britney pushed a smile past her tongue ready to yell in disgust and gently accepted the woman’s hand. “Charmed.”
“I can’t believe you shook my hand. Didn’t you see me getting ready to masturbate over there? That’s kinda gross.”
Embarrassed blood rushed to Britney’s cheeks. “ Well, I didn’t want to be rude.”
Dr. Mistress January took a walk back to her desk, all the while blowing a puff of smoke. “It’s very admirable to find manners and modesty in a young lady these days, but sometimes you just gotta say what’s on your mind.” She took a small bottle of hand sanitizer from a drawer and tossed it to Britney. “So, what’s on your mind, sweetie?”
“Nothing in particular.”
“Nothing? Are you trying to perpetuate a blonde stereotype? Come on, a Tennessee girl dropped into an affluent Midwestern city? You’ve gotta be thinking about a lot of things. Why don’t you tell me about the bad day you’ve been having.”
“What makes you think I’m having a bad day?”
“Two years of post-collegiate study in psychology, ten years of pleasuring stressed businessmen, and six years of teaching fret-filled teenagers. I know, I hardly look a day over twenty-five, right? Now, come on in and tell the doctor what’s wrong.”
A sigh admitted the stress in Britney and her compliance to sit at one of the desks admitted her eagerness to speak about it. She demurely fixed her skirt, brought her knees together and clasped her hands on the desk. “I guess I’m just trying to sort out a lot of what’s happened in the past week. On one hand I really miss Tennessee and our plantation, but on the other I’m thinking to myself that I should be happy that I’m finally away from that place. There were plenty of kind people in our community, but being Jewish where I grew up wasn’t exactly the milkshake that brought the boys to my yard, you know? A lot of the teasing just really got to me and I begged my father if we could leave... despite the plantation being in our family for years. I’m grateful that the move has let me meet people like you, but now I feel kinda guilty to my father for making us uproot like that.”
“But what about the Semite-related pop culture references?” said Kerou. “I thought it wasn’t that bad back in your old town.”
“Well, all of that is pretty much true, but it was really just the schoolkids. Day in and day out, their main focus seemed to be finding new ways of bringing me close to tears each day, even though I tried to be as neighborly as possible. I just wish that they could’ve been a little bit nice even if it was for at least one day.”
“Give me a frickin’ break!” Dr. Mistress January cried, throwing herself  up out of her chair. She hurried a walk up to Britney, who was now sitting full in fear. “You think that golden rule crap works in the real world? It doesn’t. Some people are born rude, or hateful, or just plain evil. Why do you think we have serial killers?”
“No. No, that’s not true. I refuse to believe that.”
“Oh, well, pardon me,” Dr. Mistress January said with cutting facetiousness. “Pardon for failing to see that the human spirit has evolved since 1864. Oh, that’s right, it hasn’t!” She slammed her hands down on the desk and locked her eyes with Britney’s tearful ones. “How can you honestly sit here— I mean, in the name of every shred of your common sense, how can you honestly sit here and tell me that there are not people who were just born evil?”
“People are not born evil. They just end up misguided at some point. They didn’t have to hate me; they chose to. And I hoped that one day they’d choose to be nicer to me... without retaliation. An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind.”
“Or you end up with some Stevie Wonders,” Kerou said. “That would be good for EMI Records. They could really use the help.”
“Choice and hope are peachy for Democratic campaigns,” Dr. Mistress January said. “But when it comes down to it, the truth is that this is not about their religious intolerance. Unfortunately, that’s as commonplace as racism. Right now, your problem is that you wanna be this proper little good-girl because you believe in that morality crap. Newsflash, sweetie: The world doesn’t treat you how you wanna be treated. The world will screw you with a spiked strap-on and you just keep handing them the lube, honey. You’ve gotta take the world by its cock and tell it ‘I’m the boss here, you don’t ejaculate until I tell you to.’ Do you understand?”
Britney sniffled and shook her head to disagree.
Dr. Mistress January softened her demeanor and sat on the edge of her desk. “What I’m saying is that people are people and some people are scumbags. It’s fine to be kind, but you’ve gotta let these people know that you will kick their asses if they overstep their boundaries.”
“But I don’t wanna kick any a-words.”
“Figuratively kick their asses, honey. You may be in a new city, but you will get the same disrespect wherever you go if you don’t learn to bring your bitch out. You can’t keep letting yourself be a victim with a smile.”
“I don’t think I have the... ‘b-word’ in me and I don’t want to.”
“Believe me, Miss Kefferstein, every woman has an inner bitch. It’s just a matter of how much of your indelicate side you would like to keep suppressed.” Dr. Mistress January looked at Britney hanging her head. She could see that the words were working their way into the girl, but there was still a shell of fear that needed to be cracked before the right amount of fortitude was instilled in her. Dr. Mistress January went to a drawer in her desk. “You know what, I know exactly what you need.” She pulled out a long black bundled bullwhip and held it out for Britney to take. “Here.”
“What ever do you want me to do with that thing?!”
“I know it sounds strange, but I want you whip me. It’ll give you the sense of empowerment that you need.”
“I will do no such thing!”
“Listen, Britney, I know that underneath this fragile country girl is a hardcore bitch just waiting to punch the makeup off of the first uppity skank that gives her the wrong look. Take this whip and show me that girl. Stop being such a pushover.”
Britney sprung up from her seat. “Dr. Mistress January, excuse me if I belittle your experience, your intelligence or what-have-you, but I do not know what gives you the idea that everyone is as depraved as you are. I was raised to be a decent, principled woman and if that makes me a pushover then so be it, but I will not lower myself to such base behavior solely for the fact that you think it makes for a strong person.”
“Are you telling me to piss off? Are you telling me to piss off?”
“Not in such words, but yes. I am  fine with who I am.”
“Then my work is done.” Dr. Mistress January eased herself into her chair. “I told you every girl’s got a bitch in her but it’s up to you to choose how much of it you wanna let out. Do you see how you politely told me off? That’s your level of bitch. That’s your way of keeping people from taking advantage of your emotions while still maintaining your integrity. You see, being a bitch is about power, not just whining or being an jerk. It’s about being assertive and it’s high time for it to stop being a bad thing. And if you’ve gotta kick an ass every now and then, there’s nothing wrong with that.”
“Oh, my God. I never thought about it that way,” Britney said.
“I told you she was a good teacher,” said Kerou.
“Yeah, and I think I like being assertive. I’m a Jew, damn it!”
“That’s right, be hard, let ‘em know who runs Hollywood.”
“Jews do! Plus, we wrote the original Bible and if those cotton-pickin’ Christian kids don’t like it, then you know what, don’t look at it. Deal with Leviticus and Deuteronomy and keep it movin’.”
“I’m guessing that this confidence signifies better feelings about the whole move and coming to a new school?” asked Kerou.
“It most certainly does. Thanks to Dr. Mistress January, I can see that I’ve always had this level of bitch in me and it’s completely okay. Holocaust curse, my butt.”
“Wait, what?”
Cries and screams came with the thundering footsteps of a stampede of students in the halls. Kerou, Britney and Dr. Mistress January ran out of the classroom to find the faculty armed with bullhorns, ushering the kids to the exits.
Dr. Mistress January grabbed the arm of one of the teachers. “Hey, hey, what’s going on?”
“No time to talk, but we have an ass leak. We have to get out, now!”
“Wait, wait, an ass leak? Don’t you mean ‘gas’?”
“I wish it was that benign of an issue, but the donkeys escaped from the dissection pen and they are running rampant through the school, kicking the life out of everyone. There’s been casualties!”
“Oh, my God, you can’t be serious.”
“More than.”
A teacher in passing noticed the group and grew concerned with their stationary positions. “What are you all standing around for? We’ve got a gas leak in the building. Can’t you smell it?”
“Don’t you mean an ass leak?”
“No. The donkeys got into the basement and broke the boilers. Gas is leaking and we can’t shut of the valves. We’ve gotta get out of here. Let’s go! Let’s go! Move!”
Kerou forced up a smile to Britney. “Welcome to Hester Prynne.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The students convened on the farthest part of the front lawn, a distance declared safe by rescue service workers and armed animal control officials who marched the ornery donkeys out of the school on their hind legs, the two front legs in handcuffs.
“Thanks for getting down here so quickly,” Principal O’Lanski said to one of the passing officers.
“No problem. But you’re lucky we were available. There’s been a lot of animals runnin’ loose these days. I don’t know what’s been going on around this city.”
“But are we all clear in there?”
“Yeah, we got all of them rounded up, but the gas smell is still kinda strong in there. The gas has been shut off, but I’d still wait for that to dissipate before sending anyone back in there.”
Now that he had the assurance he needed, Principal O’Lanski brought his megaphone up to make an announcement to the kids who had not already taken the liberty in the situation to leave the campus. “Attention students: The school has been cleared of all of the rouge donkeys, but the disarray of the basement must still be tended to. You all may leave early. Follow our Twitter page to see if classes will resume tomorrow.”
The kids erupted into excited cheers.
“Yay, woo-hoo. Let’s celebrate our parents’ tax dollars going to waste,” said Principal O’Lanski. He sneered.
Well ahead of the afternoon departure, Tomika, Morgan, and Marc walked to the parking lot with Kerou and Britney rolling up behind. Kerou slowed her ride to a crawl to let Britney hop off the bike and join the group’s walk. “You guys seen Jizzelle?” Kerou said. “We can’t have a Ferris Bueller half-day off without her.”
“She’s probably doin’ the nasty in a Taco Bell parking lot like she does every other lunch break,” said Tomika. “Which is frakkin’ gross. I don’t know how anyone could subject his or herself to that quote-unquote food. It’s like diarrhea both ways.”
“But you’ve really got to give her credit to be so affectionate with her boyfriend despite his erectile dysfunction,” said Morgan. “That’s... that’s really commendable.”
“Dyslexia, Morgan,” said Kerou.
“He has erectile dyslexia?! How does that even work?”
“God, I can’t take it! This is such a disaster!” cried Britney.
“Chill, honeybee., it’s not that bad. I’m sure Jizzelle gets some good tongue spelunking from him out of that whole deal, and she doesn’t have to worry about gettin’ pregnant.”
“No, not that. It’s this whole thing. This is all my fault.”
“What do you mean? It’s not like you brought those donkeys up here. Our crazy superintendent was the one who thought frogs were too expensive so he shipped black market burros up here from Tijuana.”
“No, you don’t understand. I should have told you this earlier, but I...” Britney searched the area and turned her voice down to a whisper. “I’m  cursed. Bad things happen around me.”
“Come on, there’s no such thing as curses—parenthesis, if you believe completely in science, close parentheses,” said Kerou.
“But it’s true. Watch.” Britney grabbed Marc’s arm and pulled him into a kiss. “Why don’t you drop wannabe KeKe Palmer over here and get with a real woman. I’ll show you how we do it down south, sugar.”
“You little bitch!” Tomika grabbed Britney by the lapels of her jacket and threw her into the fence nearby. “You’d better pray I can delude myself into not murdering you the same way KeKe Palmer deludes herself into thinking she can act.” Right at the end of her words, an explosion came through the windows of the cafeteria, sending shards of glass like bullets straight into the face of one of the animal control officials who was locking up the back of the van into which the donkeys had been ushered. 
“Who left the goddamn broiler on in the Burger King?!” cried Principal O’Lanski in the distance.
The animal control officer let loose his grip on the van’s doors and clutched his bleeding eye. The donkeys kicked the doors into the face of the official to knock him to the ground. They trampled his body as they ran out to the streets. The animal control officers in the front of the van hopped out to aim tasers at the animal. The electrically-charged barbs buried into the perpetrators to take the control of their dexterity and left them as convulsing messes on the concrete. The officers ran  to the donkeys and began clubbing them.”Why you make me hurt you like this?!” shouted the officer.
With wide eyes of surprise and fear, Tomika, Morgan, Kerou, and Marc carefully took two steps back from the girl hanging her head in shame. “Uh, you wanna explain that curse you were talking about earlier?” Tomika said.
“Remember how I told you my family escaped from being in the worst part of the Holocaust? From what my grandfather—who was a child at the time—told me, before they fled from Poland, his parents actually had a reputation for being... well, jerks. They were those people that, if they were around today, they’d be that couple that pulls out in front of you to swipe a spot at a gas pump and go inside to buy a Coke. And they’d be on their bluetooths while the clerk is ringing them up and then they’d pay with a check only for it to bounce and then they’d pay with cash. They were those guys. When they were running to catch the truck that was taking them to safety, this old lady tripped and my great-grandparents didn’t stop to help her up. They actually laughed at her. But as the truck sped off, the lady said ‘misfortune shall plague your mendacious lives, be it a lie, pride or all impolite.’ To make a long story short, they’re lives sucked as soon as they got to America. We try to be nice so we don’t do anything to trigger the curse, but things still happen. Our family’s bad luck had been kinda mild throughout my grandfather’s and father’s lives, but it seems that things have been the worst for me. I thought Dr. Mistress January helped me find a loophole but because of my pride in being passively assertive, all these people got hurt and the lunchroom is in flames. I know you all want me to get as far away from you as possible, but I just want you all to know that I appreciate how kind you were to me today and I would hate for anything to happen to you because of me. I’ll kindly take my leave and never speak to you all again. Thank you.” Britney turned to leave, but a grasp on her arm stopped her. She brought her head up to see that it was Tomika.
“Britney, if anyone knows about ancestral regret, it’s me. My godmother— I just call her that. She’s really like a great-great-great aunt. She abandoned her whole village when they needed her the most and it just tore her apart. But while writing in her journal, she found how to redeem herself and I’m sure you can—”
“We should totally get you a lichellichaux,” said Morgan.
“Yeah, thanks Morgan. It’s not like I wasn’t still speaking.”
“What’s a lichellichaux?” asked Marc.
“It’s a European cross-breeding of a tanuki and a nine-tailed fox of Japanese folklore. The two of them together creates a creature that can give you luck and fresh breath without using toothpaste. Legend says that Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur had one when the army he commanded helped the American Continental Army in the Siege of Yorktown during the American Revolution. Just think that if he didn’t have a lichellichaux, the British flag would be flying over our institutions and we’d come to school saying ‘Did you see The Tonight Show with Graham Norton? Yeah, but what is Jay Leno doing on before him at 22:00?’”
“Morgan, where the hell did you hear all of this crap?”
“It was on Spike TV’s Big Nuts in History with Chris Jericho.”
“Oh, of course Spike TV: The most reliable source for accurate information right after Fox News.” Tomika rolled her eyes.
“Maybe we shouldn’t write Morgan’s suggestion just yet,” said Kerou, eyes on her phone. “The Build-a-Pet Workshop in Shadyhill Village actually has lichellichaues. ...Or lichellichaux. Lichellichaux is probably the plural form of lichellichaux. Whatever. Technically, they’ve only got the imported blood, but you can have it added to the pet you build. There’s just one problem. It’s $30,000.”
“Okay, let’s pretend we didn’t hear that this blood costs the same as Diddy’s self-appointed hourly salary. Do we really want to go around screwing with that genetic splicing stuff? Let’s not forget what happened over the summer. How do we know that this place isn’t some shadow organization of the Commissary? There were two anomaly instances in the past few weeks,” Tomika said.
“I heard about that,” said Britney. “The Commissary. That was that crazy Russian woman’s company, wasn’t it? I thought those alien girls killed her.”
“The Pretty Killers aren’t aliens,” said Tomika. “All the alien stuff happened in California. And yes, she did get killed. And her sister got shot by Sarah Palin, but that doesn’t mean they don’t have some other relatives waiting on the sidelines plotting revenge. It all just sounds suspect to me.”
“Would it make you feel better if I said the website says they’re a small business supported by one of President Obama’s economic programs?”
“No.”
“Can’t we just check it out for Britney’s sake?” said Marc. “If it’s this easy to help her break this curse, we should just go for it. I’ll pay for it, it’s totally not a problem.”
“That’s a mighty fine gesture of you, but I couldn’t live with myself knowing you spent so much money on a chance at clearing my family’s curse. Suppose it doesn’t work. You’d have just wasted your hard-earned money.”
“Well, an extremely beautiful girl once told me that a chance of something is a reason to try.” He gave Tomika a knowing eye to which she responded with another roll of her eyes. “Besides, it’s only $30,000. I can afford that.”
“Only $30,000. I swear that was like the sexiest thing I have ever heard,” said Morgan. “I so want a boyfriend like yours.”
“Yes, anyone would be lucky to have him which is why I don’t want him to waste his money on me. He should spend his money on her,” Britney said. “Thank you for trying to help, but I just can’t accept it.”
“It’s fine. I wanna help,” said Marc. He grabbed Tomika to pull her close. “We want to help you. Right?”
“This is either intuition or indigestion induced by carcinogens, but I’ve just got a weird feeling about this. I’m gonna try to ignore it for the time being ‘cause we sorta made a pact to selflessly help people if we can. So, let’s check this place out and get this blood before I remember that you kissed my boyfriend, okay?”
Britney smiled and nodded. “Okay.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

A well-dressed man stood at the shop’s window and watched the kids file out of the car parked by the curb in front of the store. “Well I’ll be double-damned, Derek. I think we may actually have a couple more customers,” said the man with an insinuating tone in his strong effeminate lisp. “And here I was starting to think that all of your computer hocus-pocus wasn’t going to work.”
Equally refined in dress, Derek came to the window to watch. “I told you how it is with these rich people, Scott: The higher the price tag, the more they’ve gotta have it. Pretty soon this whole city’s gonna be filled with our pets and we’ll, once again, be living lavish.”
“Shh, shh, shh,” Scott hushed. “Here they come.”
A small tinkling above the front door signaled that Marc and the girls entered the establishment housing shelves of the common kittens and puppies as well as those of the exotic kind, such as blue kinkajous, silver pheasants, and gold boa constrictors. And at the center of the store was a four-sided tower with a screen on each of its faces. It was labeled Pet Generator, but what caught Kerou and Morgan’s eyes was the simplicity of standard cuteness. “OMG, pink puppies!” they cried. They ran to the pen housing the frisky dogs and each scooped one up to cuddle. “Oh God, you’re so cute,” said Kerou. “I’m gonna name you Pavlov and train you with a bell.” She picked up another one. “And I’m gonna name you Laika and train you in Russian.” She picked up another one. “And I’m gonna name you Ubu and teach you to sit.”
The puppy barked.
“Good dog.”
“Welcome to the Build-a-Pet Workshop. What kind of cutie can we help you build?” said Scott. 
“Go on and tell him,” said Marc to Britney.
“Oh, well, I guess I’d... I’d like a...” Britney's hesitance was more of an overwhelmed feeling than shyness, but something in her heart brought her question out to speak. “Is it true that you guys can create any kind of animal?”
“That’s what our pet generator is for. It can combine the DNA of any animal to make whatever you want. If you’ve always had a dream to own a dragon, or a jackalope, or a unicorn, we can do it.
“I don’t know if it was just me,” said Tomika, “but I never understood the stereotype of a young girl’s fascination with a unicorn. That’s like the most horrible animal I have ever heard of. First of all, this thing has cloven feet, not hooves. It’s got these goat feet to trample you with and if that’s not enough, it’s got something to impale you with, too? Are you kidding? Why would a little girl want such a potentially vicious animal like a unicorn?”
“Unicorns are fabled as kind and noble creatures,” said Scott.
“Bull... crap.”
“Actually, I’d really like a moondog,” said Britney. “It’s really just an albino fox, but it’s so hard to find one. I had the joy of having one back at home in Tennessee, but she died.”
“I’m so sorry. But this moondog sounds easy enough to create. Let’s head over to the generator and see what we can do.” Scott led Britney to the generator.
“You still got that paranoid feeling about this thing?” Marc said to Tomika. “Nothing’s really screaming ‘Russian supervillain’ except that computer over there and it just looks like an ATM.”
“I guess everything’s okay. These guys could be supervillains, but it’s hard to tell with their lovely gay exuberance. Damn Disney movies with their antagonists of questionable sexuality.”
“But besides that, doesn’t it feel good helping other people? I can just see us in a few years, traveling the world as ambassadors like Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, making North Americans look like bigger jerks than they actually are.”
“And the best part about our being an interracial couple is that black or white, we’ll be able to style our kids’ hair. Unlike Angelina and that poor little Zahara.”
“In the meantime, what do you say we get a pet? How about one of these—” Marc leaned in to focus on the label of one of the pens holding medium-sized canine creatures with long legs, large paws and thick fur on the face. “One of these Lilliputian Dernier Werewolves?” he slowly enunciated.
“A werewolf, huh? Mom did say I deserved at least one impulse-buy considering I didn’t get the guitar I was promised in my still-active contract with Cherryseed Records.” Tomika stooped down to get a better look at the lounging lupines. She stroked the head of one. “Yeah, I guess it’s—”
The werewolf stretched out its front legs and let out a little breeze of a yawn before shooting up a bright-eyed yip to Tomika.
“Oh... my... goddess! Cuuuuute!” Tomika squealed. “I want her! I want her! I need that cuteness. I—” Tomika paused her effusing and cleared her throat to pull calm back to her. “I mean she looks like a nice one.”
Marc laughed as he gingerly scooped up the animal. “I like it when you get giddy. It’s cute seeing you go crazy over cuteness.”
“Yeah, well, enjoy that one time ‘cause only rich, white girls like Danielle get like that over their pets. Where I come from, pets are for protection and nothing more. And those teeth that I saw in that yawn should handle the job nicely. But there will be none of that treating-this-animal-like-a-child and mouth-kissing stuff going on.”
“You know, just because a puppy’s got a mean bite doesn’t mean she can’t also have a friendly side, if you know what I mean.”
“Whatever.”
“Don’t listen to your mother, I’m sure you’re a nice werewolf,” Marc said as he nuzzled the animal’s mane. “You’re gonna have lots of fun playing with Rundell.”
“Who?”
“Danielle’s dog. I figured our werewolf could stay at Danielle’s house with her dog since your mother works and my mother stays blazed out of her brains, watching recorded episodes of Divorce Court to compare all of the things my dad did incorrectly in their marriage.”
“Why the heck did she name her dog Rundell?”
“You really haven’t watched any of my show, have you? It’s from the scene in episode ten of season three when my character is trying to help her character hack the school data system and the Windows Task Manager comes up and Violet asks, ‘Hey what’s a ‘rundll32.exe’ do?’ And I say ‘It makes the Dell run.’ It was, like, one of the funniest moments of the season. People are still repeating that joke.”
Tomika glared at the boy and cringed. “Just... just go pay for these animals.” She shook her head disapprovingly. “See, this is why Canada sucks at making cartoons. You all just don’t know what good humor is.”
“Hey, guys, look at me! I’m Steve Irwin!” shouted Morgan with a stingray on her face. “Crikey, my chest feels a bit wonky-doo,” she said, forcing an Australian accent. Slowly, her laugh subsided.  “No, but for real though, that was tragic what happened.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Mom, Jina, I’m home,” Tomika said on her entrance through the double doors of her family’s mansion. The intangible warmth of the domicile that her mother had striven to reserve for her and her sister’s comfort washed over to give her that accustomed sense of love and belonging, and she desired to give the same feeling to her brand new pet. As the mini-werewolf casually followed her owner along the polished marble and gold floors of the foyer she took in her new surroundings, observing every detail on her way to the kitchen where the queen of the castle was prancing about.
“What’s up, coneja? I was thinking— Oh, my God! Es el cuco!” Trecille vaulted herself up to sit on the counter and drew a crucifix over her body.
“Calm down, mom, she’s just a werewolf. Technically, just a wolf... but I guess that’s not any less disheartening, is it?”
“Why would you bring something like that in here? ¡Consigue que monstruo fuera de mi casa!”
“She’s not a monster. She’s a gift from Marc. And I named her Princess Lucy Diamond after Jordana Brewster’s character in that movie D.E.B.S., ‘cause she’s such a cute little badass. ...Not to mention Jordana Brewster’s got a cute ass. ...Mmmm... Jordana Brewster.”
“Get it out of my house, now! Right now!”
“What’s with all the yelling, mamí?” said Jina as she came into the kitchen. She gasped in elation at the sight of the animal and rushed to give it a gentle hug and caressing. “You didn’t say we were getting a little doggie.” 
“It’s not a dog, it’s a werewolf,” said Trecille.
Jina yelped and backed away. 
“She’s not a werewolf, per se. She’s a specialty hybrid from this store where you can build creatures from the genes of real animals, but in no way can she transform. The guys at the store assured me that the name was just for exotic aesthetics.”
“You went to the Build-A-Pet Workshop? I heard that place was really expensive.” said Jina.
“It is, but luckily I have a wealthy and very kind boyfriend. It’s a long story, but he and I went down there with a few friends, and he and I just fell in love with this little cutie. Mom wants me to get rid of her, though.”
“Mamí, how could you be so cruel?”
“Don’t make me the bad guy here. That’s a vicious animal with vicious animal instincts. Haven’t you all ever watched The People’s Court? The defendant always says that the animal was obedient and friendly. Then one day it just snapped and tore little Timmy’s face off. It’s gonna use those big yellow eyes and soft and luxurious fur to lure me into a sense of security, then one day it’s gonna snap and just start eatin’ my hocks and layin’ eggs in my shoes.”
“Mammals don’t lay eggs mom. Well, except for platipi who have a duplex uterus similar to marsupials, but instead of—”
“Whatever, nerd! It’s still gonna eat my hocks and my giblets.”
“She doesn’t want your hocks and giblets. I promise she’ll be a good girl. The pet shop people told me she’s already house-trained so she’s friendly to us and vicious to intruders. Give her a chance and I know you’ll love her.”
Trecille allowed herself to slip her footing back to the floor. “Well, she is adorable, I guess. And it would be nice to have some added guard against that hamburgler that’s been running around the city. That new task force Northern State hired ain’t worth a wooden dime.” She plucked a grape from a bowl of fruit and held it in Princess Lucy’s vision. “Can you do that? You don’t attack us, you attack anyone else, okay?”
Princess Lucy nodded and gave a sample of her ferocity with a quick low rumble of a growl.
“Oh, she is pretty smart.” Trecille tossed the grape to Princess Lucy’s mouth. “Stay away from my hocks and we won’t have any problems. And Tomika, Jina, you two go wash up. We got a dinner to go to. It’s an obligatory progress report thing with Ms. di Stacci and her advisers. We’re gonna go over sales and stuff to make sure  my label is still an asset to her company, so I’ve been practicing all those executive buzzwords they like to hear. Mira, ‘quarterly fiscal policies’. ‘Econometrics’. And wait, wait, here goes the good one: ‘financial accounting standards’. I got index cards and PowerPoint slides all ready. That’s how the toros do it in the business.”
“You’re a regular Gordon Gecko, mamí.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The evening had started its slip into the sky, and the bustle of the suburbs where Britney and Morgan resided had begun the cyclical slowdown of the weekday pattern. But down the highway, the cluttered and chaotic Northern State streets that Kerou called her home did not see a similar alleviation or order. Though the contrary was there, it was not so apparent as the homes of the three girls were being shared, virtually, through the use of video chat.
“Status update, Britney. How’s the luck going?” asked Kerou, deep in the amenity of her bedroom with her laptop sitting before her on the bed.
“Yeah, can you start crackin’ wise on Keyshia Cole’s relatives like the rest of us?” asked Morgan. With a striped brown cat at her side and a raccoon far behind her, she, too, was lying on her bed with her laptop before her.
“It’s still a little early to tell, but so far things have been great. My parents love Moxie and they can’t believe that Marc bought her for me. They think I’m his girlfriend now.” She shared her chuckle with Kerou and Morgan. “But seriously, thank you guys so much for making today so amazing even if I did technically blow up the school’s Burger King.”
“It’s totally fine, honeybee. Maybe now we can get a seafood place or something in there,” Morgan said.
“Personally, I think it’d be divine if they turned the lunchroom into a home-style diner. You know, with fried chicken and beef ribs and collard greens and sweet potatoes. All of that stuff.”
“You sure eat a lot of soul food to be Jewish.”
“Why, I grew up on soul food. Ribs are a staple of Tennessee and that’s all my mom ate when she was pregnant with me.”
“And I bet she breastfed you Crisco right after that.”
Britney burst into laughter. “Oh, Miss Morgan, I do declare you are just too much.”
“Ironic because my dad always says I won’t amount to anything.”
“My stars, why would he say something as cruel as that?”
“I guess he really—”
“Wait, hold that glimmer of a daddy issue for a second. What the heck’s wrong with your raccoon?” said Kerou focusing on the background of Morgan’s chat screen. “She just snapped from sleep and started freaking out.”
“Little Taylor Momsen?” Morgan swung her head up from her screen and saw the raccoon skip around from rummaging through the jewelry on her nightstand to peeking under the bed to looking out the window. “I don’t know. Isn’t that raccoons do? I mean as soon as I brought her home she started getting pissy with Coochie Vajayjay.” She motioned to the cat.
“My stars, what a name. But fitting I guess. I think I’m finally getting used to your crass humor. Who knows? Maybe I’ll make a blue joke once in a blue moon.” Britney laughed.
Morgan chuckled low along with the girl. “...Ass.”
Britney’s bout of delight took a backseat when a clatter came about. She turned her focus to the source and saw her fox darting around as if something was calling her. “Oh, my. Moxie seems to be acting somewhat peculiar, too.”
Crashing resounded from beyond Kerou’s bedroom door. “Uh oh, it sounds like I’m having a pet problem, too. I’ll be right back, guys.” She went to the living room where her younger sister Karlie was surveying the broken window with a worried look.
“I don’t know what happened with Cerberus,” Karlie said. “He just grabbed a string of those old Mardi Gras beads, jumped out of the window, and ran down the fire escape. And the weirdest part is that he was going so fast. Like he almost turned into light. It was insane.”
“Something weird’s definitely going on, but don’t worry. I’ll handle it.”
“Is it another one of those anomaly situations? Are you getting ready to go kick some baddie butt?” Karlie followed Kerou back to her room where the happenings on the laptop took their attention. Morgan and Britney were struggling to restrain their animals who were holding shiny items in their mouths. Both girls quickly lost control of their animals and their windows saw the same fate as Kerou and Karlie’s living room’s.
“Great, now my dad’s really gonna go off on me,” said Morgan.
“I guess we really didn’t break the curse. I should have known better than to think it wasn’t as simple as buying blood to fix this.”
“Don’t lose your faith in retail therapy yet,” Kerou said. “I’ll explain later, but just know that you’re totally fine. Totally kosher. I’ll talk to you later.” She closed Britney’s chat screen. 
“What’s going on, Kerou?” Morgan asked.
“It’s just a hunch, but I think Tomika was right and if that’s true then we’ve gotta go handle some business back at the pet store. From the synchronous freak out these animals just had, I’d say they’re being controlled through their genetics or something. I’ll call Tomika and see how Princess Lucy’s acting, but I want you to meet me back at that pet store in Pretty Killer mode.”
“Got it,” Morgan said.
“Karlie, cover for me when dad gets in from work. Tell him I’ll pay for the window, and don’t forget to start your homework,” Kerou said.
“Homework? Screw that. I wanna see the fight. You said you’d take me with you sometime.”
“Next time.” Kerou slammed her laptop closed, grabbed her phone and slipped out of her bedroom window to jump from the fire escape. In a flash of light, her outfit transformed before she hit the ground. As her sister watched in amazement from the window, Jakkie bounded up to the roof and took off in flight over the city. She put her phone to her ear. “Come on, Tomika, pick up.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

With the streetlights guiding her, and urgency under her heels, Minnie approached the pet store with a fight ready in her, but she saw to slow her pace when Britney came into her sight. In a drop from the roofs to the alley where Britney was searching, she flashed back to her civilian clothes and stumbled to catch her balance on landing.
Britney whirled around and found Morgan behind her. “Miss Morgan! Where did you come from?”
“Um...” Morgan’s eyes shifted from one side to the other one. She folded her arms. “I asked you first.”
“No you didn’t.”
“I did. Remember back at lunch? You told me Tennessee.”
“Whatever. I don’t have time for this nonsense. I feel so guilty about wasting Marc’s money, so I ran out to find Moxie to see if I could return her, and I traced her back to here.”
“You traced her? How? Those animals were going so fast.”
“I did this all the time back home. How do you think I found my first one? The problem is just that they’re rare.”
“You idiot demon!” hollered a voice, muffled from within the brick walls.
Britney and Morgan hurried to peek through the window in a side door and saw in the store’s dim light Little Taylor Momson, Princess Lucy, Moxie and Cerberus huddled before the irate couple of Derek and Scott. But an item of particular interest took the eye of Morgan. It was the jewelry hanging from Tomika’s pet’s mouth: a bracelet with a charm of a blue-diamond crescent moon.
“We told you to bring us diamonds and gold, and you bring us plastic beads?!” Derek kicked Cerberus off of his feet and sent him flying into the wall, prompting the other animals to cower. “You’re all useless!”
Britney’s blood began to run wild with memories, washing up the pain of a dark night out on a lone road where she watched her dearly loved pet bleed out at the hands of taunting peers holding her back while they dropped kick after kick into the animal. The pain was shared as she, too, took two fearless punches while the boys cackled. Her tears as salty and sorrowful as the blood of her dead fox.
“They can’t get away with this,” said Morgan. “We’re gonna kick these guys’ butts. Here’s the plan: I’ll run in first—”
“All right, let’s do this! Krav Magaaa!” With a battle cry to lead the way, Britney kicked the steel door off of its hinges and rushed inside with a fury that seemed impossible to have resided within such a girl.
“Oh, my God, she just ran in,” Morgan said.
Britney jumped into a flying kick heading straight for Derek but he ducked and she soared through the supercomputer, leaving a shower of sparks. Morgan shook off her awe and charged into the fray just in time to witness the heads of each animal popping like a flurry of bullets had been unloaded into each pen, each cage, and tank. The spurts of blood splashed in shadow, simulating ink to stain the whole store in speckles. 
“Derek, what’s going on?” Scott yelled as he struggled to shield himself from the blood splatters. “Why is everything dying?”
“It’s her fault!” Derek sprung up and went to Britney to thrust his grip around her neck. He forced her back to the wall of bloody cages. His eyes were glowing as he stared down at her, growling, “You bitch, do you know what you’ve just done?! This was my ticket back to easy street!”
“Tough cookies, dirt breath!” Britney rammed her head into the man’s face and shoved her knee between his muscular legs to sting him into dropping his grip. She whirled her fist as hard as she could into his face going scaly and filling with razor-like teeth. And with the same swiftness, she kicked a distance between her and the developing monster. But he regained his faculties and pursued an attack on the girl only to be kicked aside by the newly-transformed Minnie Capitan.
“Britney, it’s me, Morgan. Catch!” Minnie had picked up the moon charm and tossed it over to her. “Say ‘killer charm, go!’”
Britney snatched the jewel out of the air. “Um... killer charm, go?” A tingling swirled up from her hand to spiral around her body as blue light twirled around her to re-weave her clothes into a pair of black cowboy boots, a skirt with a bundle of a whip attached to the waist, a blue top and cropped leather jacket, and a cowboy hat with a pair of goggles wrapped around it. She took some time to examine her outfit, but the clamor of battle let her know that there was work to be done, and she was ready for the job.
Minnie was having the best of her fight tested as Scott had also morphed into a reptilian man to join Derek in fighting. Their strength and agility increased exponentially in the transformation, and Minnie could feel her stamina wearing away in a dangerously speedy fashion. Still, she kept throwing punches. Then, the saving grace of a hold around the creatures’ necks arrived by Britney’s weapon. She whipped both lizard men to the farthest wall. They dug their claws into the floor and pulled their selves back to the battle.
Britney held driven eyes and charged at the creatures just as quick as they were coming with their long and bloody roaring faces. She snapped her whip through the shadows to let the barbed end cut across the eyes of the monsters, leaving them blinded with bleeding tears and flailing in pain. Keeping her pace, Britney held her whip’s handle with both hands and changed it into a hammer with a large silver head. She skidded to a stop for a wind up and smashed the metal directly into the underside of the screeching creatures’ heads. With a skull-shattering crack to echo, they were lifted off through the roof to high above the store.
“Pretty Moonlight Tide!” Britney cried. From down off of her hat, she pulled her goggles to guard her eyes. Then, she whirled her arms up to command a torrent of water to materialize and flood through the roof’s hole where it caught the criminals on their rise. The great wave shuttled them up faster and faster and higher and higher into the sky to push their bodies into an explosion of light, leaving nothing but a sparkle of blue twinkles to flutter away in the night.
Britney pulled her goggles to her neck and watched through the skylight at the drizzle of justice she had just handed out over the city. 
“Holy crap! That was awesome!” said Minnie. She wrapped her arms around Britney for a hug. “That was amazing! You killed it!”
“I... I did it. I really did it. I— Oh, my God, the hex! My pride!” Britney and Minnie held their breath, standing in the dark, waiting for any act of calamity. Their eyes slowly rolled around the room before they fixed them on each other. “Nothing...,” she whispered. “Nothing! The blood must have worked.”
“Maybe. This whole place is covered in it, but it could’ve been the charm.”
“Or maybe when I was assertive with the intent of protecting the animals, it canceled out the curse of being a selfish bitch. That must be it! That must be what the elderly lady wanted to teach my great-grandparents. It’s okay to be a bitch, as long as you use that to help others. Because bitching for the good of others isn’t really bitching in the bad sense, it’s activism!”
“Or whatever Judge Judy does every episode.”
Mimi, Jakkie, and Kayzi dropped in through the roof’s hole.
“Sorry, we’re— Whoa, did we get a new member?” said Kayzi.
“Britney... is that you?” said Jakkie.
“Yes, ma’am, it surely is. Oh, and check out my weapon. It’s a whip. Irony, right?”
“Or foreshadowing.”
“Dude, for real, she’s my pick for holder of the moon charm,” said Minnie. “She totally kicked butt tonight and broke the curse. And I swear it was capital-A-mazing. The store owners turned into lizard men and she destroyed them with Jew-karate and stuff.”
“It was just something I picked up just in case I had to protect myself. I know it seems like a strange talent for a girl like me to have.”
“You don’t have to tell us about strange talents. Somehow we all know how to play musical instruments very well,” said Kayzi.
“I don’t really like to fight, but I couldn’t stand for the way those men were being cruel to the animals. Even if I did kinda kill them all anyway.”
“Well, you had good intentions, and that’s what matters in the end. If you’d like to add your virtuous ‘kickassery’ to the team, we’d love to have you,” Minnie said.
“Minnie! Are you crazy?” Mimi pushed past the girls to snatch the charm from Britney. She changed back to her civilian clothes. “We can’t just haul off and invite people we don’t know to join the team.”
“Why not? You asked us to join your team after knowing us for one day,” Jakkie said.
“That’s beside the point. This charm belongs to Allie and it’ll go to no one but her. Over the summer, while you were at college, Minnie was doing skateboard comps, and Kayzi was screwing her boyfriend, Allie and I hung out. She’s my friend and I’m not just going to betray her like that. How do you think she would feel?”
“Calm down for a second, Mimi,” Kayzi said. “That night when we fought the Mademoiselle, what did I ask you to do?”
“You said to think of my friends’ feelings. That’s what I’m doing.”
“What you are doing is the exact opposite of thinking of your friends. And on top of that, you are being the worst kind of bitch.”
“I’m the leader. That means I get the final say on things.”
“Listen, I’m not trying to cause trouble,” Britney said. “If you don’t want me on the team, that’s fine with me. My mother always said—”
“No, you just wait a second,” said Kayzi.
“Why are you even defending her, Kayzi? You don’t know her.”
“I’m defending her because of Minnie. Yes, you are the leader and we happily follow you because we respect you, and the magic, and all of the training you’ve done, and that you’re part goddess or whatever. But as holy as you are, you suck at being human. Jakkie, Minnie, and I grew up with siblings, so we have a somewhat better grasp on reading another person’s emotions. You have a half-sister, but you did not grow up with her. You are used to being an only child and thinking of yourself, and you’ve admitted that because of where you’ve grown up, you only look out for yourself. And so, now, you’re trying to be this badass leader of a team, but you don’t know how to be a part of one. Leading a team is not just making a decision and having everyone follow that decision. It’s listening to your teammates and making decisions based off that. And what’s worse is that you say you don’t want to betray your best friend and disregard her feelings, but it’s okay to just disregard Minnie’s feelings about who she feels would be a good addition to the team? What, are our feelings less in value to you? And what’s even more worse is that you call Allie your best friend, yet you keep nagging her about joining the team when it’s so obvious she doesn’t want to.”
“Allie said she wants to join the team. She just needs time.”
“But how frickin’ long are we supposed to wait, Mimi? Why can’t you see that Allie is scared? Why do you think she went right home after the school explosion? I may not have been there, and I may not be her ‘best friend’ but I can put two and two together just based off of her childhood. Allie may act like a tough girl, but she is extremely afraid of death. I know it’s some kind of superhero requirement that at least one of your parents is dead and that kind of thing is supposed to fuel your thirst for justice, but this is the real world, Mimi. You may have found peace with your mother’s death, but Allie saw her mother get shot right in front of her eyes. A child. Seeing her mother shot. And dying. That kind of thing stays with you, and it cripples you. Did you even call or text Allie after school was canceled today? Or did you just assume she’s okay because she said she was okay before you two said ‘later’ to each other?”
Mimi stood with a burning scowl as she moved her eyes away to the darkness.
“I thought so. Well, I did call her and she’s fine. But the point is that you are so deep in your own thoughts and emotions that you don’t care about anyone else. You suck as a human, you suck as a friend, and you suck as a leader. And the only reason I’m being this hard on you is that I believe in you and care about you, and like I said, I respect you. And as your friend, I want you to grow and improve. I’m trying to help you just as Minnie was trying to help by suggesting that Britney should join us. And even though we haven’t been formerly introduced, it looks as if she can handle herself against these monsters. And if Minnie endorses her, even as crazy as Minnie is, we should listen to her because she’s an equally important part of this team.”
That burn that was in Mimi’s frown seeped into her stomach and swirled around to heat up worries and regret as the words of Kayzi’s speech lodged themselves into her mind and replayed her actions for comparison. “Do all of you feel that way? Is she right?”
“You’re just kinda within yourself, sometimes,” Jakkie said. “But we sorta got used to it.”
“So, you’re saying you changed the way you act so you can deal with my emotionally-detached bitchiness? You’re saying you accept that I treat you all like my shadows and the fact that I really don’t care about other people?”
“Now, how can you even say that, Mimi? You risk your life to save the city every week.”
“Yeah, but Kayzi’s right. I don’t care about other people. I don’t care if they die. I don’t even care that my dog is dead. Even though my godmother asked me to fight for the people, I just can’t care about random lives. I only fight because it’s my purpose, it’s the only thing in the world that I was born to do. And I asked you all to join me just to help me fulfill my purpose. And the lives I save don’t matter to me because I’m not completely human. I’m a demi-goddess, and I’ve seen the afterlife very vividly twice. And I know they weren’t dreams because I brought back items from them. And I guess, just because I know that people will be fine when they die, they don’t matter to me. You all don’t really matter to me. You all... you’re just accessories to me.” The realization cut deeply into Mimi. The memories of many feelings she shared with these girls for the past few months came about to her to have only superficial connotations, and it was the most putrid thought to cross her mind. They were not friends. They were sentient weapons that she only kept in company under the title of “friends” to have as a ready arsenal against anything that was a target for conquering. But their lives and the loved ones in them held no value to her mission. Outside of the meaning she gave them, they truly did not matter.
“That’s not true, Mimi. You do care about people,” Jakkie said.
“I don’t.”
“Maybe you think you don’t, but you do, otherwise why did you save your sister back in June? She was the epitome of hatred to you and she was your enemy when she joined the SKY-Gs, but you still went out of your way to not only save her but make sure that she learned a lesson from her actions so she wouldn’t do a thing that stupid again. Why? Because you knew it would destroy you if you let her die.”
“But it still sounds like I’m selfish. It’s like only saved her so I wouldn’t feel bad. Yeah it’s my choice to fight evil, but even if I chose to give all of this up, I would still feel guilty for letting down my mother and godmother. I guess I’m not capable of feeling—” 
Kayzi grabbed her head and growled. She ran over to Mimi and let an echoing smack substitute the tail of Mimi’s words sent out of her mouth by a slap to the face. “Can you feel that?” she said.
“Dammit!” Mimi screamed, wincing, and holding her stinging cheek. “What the hell was that for?”
“Because you needed sense slapped into you. You’re trying to be this pseudo-existentialist or whatever, but you suck at that too ‘cause first, you say you don’t feel anything. Then, you say you feel guilt which obviously means you do care to some extent. And for the record, not wanting someone you love to die is a good kind of selfish. I know you’ve said balance is one of the principals of your godmother’s teachings, but not everything is as black and white as that. Sometimes the things we think are bad are actually helpful, okay? It’s like when your parents keep you from doing something stupid even though you think it’ll be ‘fun’. Now, all I did was ask you to think about your friends’ feelings and you turned it into this whole production about you and your quote-unquote problems, because you try way too hard to be this mentally-tortured artistic chick who writes sad songs and wants people to feel sorry for her because she has the ‘burden of millions’ on her shoulders when we all know that you can be cool and, like, super-funny sometimes. If you wanna be like George Carlin, fine, but at least be angry about a worthy cause. Newsflash, honey, emo is dead and the act isn’t cute anymore. Give the girl the frickin’ charm, tell Minnie you’re sorry, grow up and stop all this damn nonsense. Ain’t nobody trying to hang around commiserating in a store full of dead animals. This is so... frickin’... unsanitary. Eww.”
Not without a scornful leer to Kayzi out of the side of her eyes, Mimi tossed the charm to Britney. “So, what should we call you?”
“You... you really want me on the team?”
“If you don’t mind working with a leader who needs to scale back her inherited angst and a second-in-command who will read you like the daily news, then yeah, we want you on the team.”
Britney turned to Minnie and gave her a knowing smile. “You can call me Honeybee. Honeybee Tennessee.”
“I think this calls for a inaugural vagina cuddle!” Minnie said.
“What’s that?” Britney asked with a bit of apprehension.
Minnie threw her body up against Britney’s and wrapped her arms as tightly as they could squeeze around the girl, pressing her face’s side up against Britney’s.
“Oh, a hug. Gracious.”
“Come on, girls, get in here,” said Minnie.
Jakkie joined the embrace, latching onto Britney’s other side. She was followed by Kayzi who stretched her arms around all three girls. Mimi shrugged and nestled her hug in between Kayzi and Minnie.
“Welcome to the Pretty Killers,” Mimi said. “And sorry for disregarding your opinion, Minnie. You guys truly are important to me. I don’t know what I’d do without you all. I’ll try to be a better leader... and friend.”
“And I’m sorry that I slapped you even though you deserved it.” Kayzi kissed Mimi’s cheek. “Is that better?”
Mimi pulled away from the girls and roughly wiped her cheek. She sneered. “Ewww, nasty. I don’t know where your lips been.”
“Screw you, then. 
“Just for that, I’m gonna move you to third-in-command.”
“I don’t care. I’d still be a better leader than you right now.”
“But not a better fighter.”
“Don’t kid yourself, Mimi. I’ve been training, too. I bet I could take you.”
“Take me where? Out to dinner? ‘Cause I know you ain’t trying to say you’re a better fighter than me.”
“You wanna go, now?”
“We came here transformed; we might as well do something.”
“Come on, then!”
Minnie laughed. “Bitches of different cultures coming together to yell at each other. If this isn’t friendship, I don’t even know what is.”




Chapter Six
Angel (Devil)


Gardenia Hills’ fancy shops, citizens, and casual air through the streets’ accenting foliage, all pristine. It was all a testament to the actualization of the extravagant aspirations that were minded when designing the suburb. And thanks to the remaining disarray of their school, Jina and Jayla had taken their little vacation to take to the streets in Trecille’s vehicle to revel in its idealistic glory with intentions to make the most of all the day had to offer. 
“For real, Jay. I swear I’m so glad we’ve got this day off," Jina said. "A full 24 hours to do whatever we want without worrying about essays and equations and that stuff. We so needed this break.”
“Don’t get me wrong, ‘cause you know I love hanging out with you, but if we needed this little break, then why are we spending it running errands? Shouldn’t we be playing video games, eating snacks, and watching daytime TV?”
“We will, but that’ll come after because, according to my mamí–” Jina twisted her mouth up to an unflattering scowl and continued in a strong Spanish accent, “’If you gonna eat up my food, the least you can do is the grocery shopping. Now, get outta here and get some adobo.”
Jayla snickered. “Oh my God, that’s hilarious. You sound just like her.”
“You think that’s funny? I have to hear that every frickin’ day.” Jina went back to her mimicry. “’What’s-a matter with you? You’re useless. If I wanted a useless child, I’d have named you useless. You keep screwin’ up and I’m-a send you to the country. I will send you to the country, no juegues conmigo, niña.’” Jina went back to her regular voice. “She always has to repeat her last sentence with extra inflection and throw a ‘no juegues conmigo’ on the end. This woman, I’ll tell ya. Owner of a multimillion dollar fashion line and still puts linen sets on layaway.”
 “But at least your mom uses Spanglish so you can sorta tell what she’s saying. When my mom gets angry, she goes into super-Asian mode and I can’t understand a thing she says.”
“Really? I can’t really imagine your mom getting angry. She’s one of the nicest women I’ve ever met.”
“Everything creases her since we moved to the Hills. I don’t know what’s her malfunction. Maybe I would if I learned Korean.”
“Do you think we’re gonna fall prey to that cycle of ending up just like our mothers?”
“It’s inevitable. I mean we already do sorta act like them. You so have your mom’s temper.”
Jina groaned and rolled her eyes. “Yeah, I guess you’re right. But I love her, and it’s not all bad. The best thing about being kids to these crazy women is picking up their little quirks and tricks.”
“Tricks? Like what?”
With her foot on the brake at a red traffic light, Jina put on her sunglasses and pulled her hair into two pigtail bunches to fall over her shoulders, down to her peek of small cleavage. “Just watch and learn, Jay.” The traffic signal turned green and she drove the short stretch of street before pulling into the garage of a car dealership. Awaiting the arrival of assistance, she shifted the car into park and commenced to swaying to the music and singing the lyrics of some pop song blasting from the radio.
With a smirk holding a mask of plans, a mechanic walked up to the car and leaned on the open window’s edge. “How can I help you ladies, today?” he said over the music.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” said Jina wearing a bright grin. She turned the radio off. “I just love that song. It’s me and my bestie’s anthem.”
“For real? You girls been a little bad lately?” he asked in reference to the song’s lyrics.
“Just a smidgen. We stayed out too late partying and now my mamí’s punishing me by making me running errands today when my girlfriend and I are supposed to be having fun.” She put a little pout on her glossy lips.
“Aw, that sucks.”
“I know, right? Anyway, my engine’s been running real hot and it would just be peachy if you could check under my hood. Just to make sure everything’s looking good.”
“Of course. I’ll give it a nice once over. And to make up for the crappy day you’re probably having, how about I throw in a tire rotation? No charge.”
Jina gasped. “OMG, really? Thank you so much.” She took the mechanic’s hands into hers. “You’d be my superhero if you did that for me.”
The mechanic blushed. “It’s nothing, really. You two just go hang in our lobby and I’ll get all of this done in a few minutes.”
“That’s perfect. You must have a lot of experience with cars.”
“Been gettin’ my hands dirty for thirty years. That’s why I’m head mechanic Jim.”
“Head mechanic? Oh, now I know my car’s in good hands.” She lowered her glasses to let her the seduction in her eyes show. “Good... strong... hands.”
The mechanic giggled and Jina added a titter as she let herself out of the car. “Well, we’ll let you get to work. We’re gonna run down the street a pick up a couple of banana cream smoothies to sip while we wait. We just love our sweets.”
“Oh, me too. Me too.”
“Really? Well, would you look at that. We’ve got something in common.” As she slowly strolled away, Jina tossed the man a look over her shoulder. “I think I like you, head mechanic Jim.” She snapped her head back around and hurried her stride out of the garage with Jayla at her side. The mechanic kept his eyes on Jina, all the while wincing at the view stepping away from him.
Jayla was stifling her laughter. She looked back to assess the length of distance they were from the man and she turned back to Jina. “Oh, my God, Jina, that was so wrong. Why would you do that to that old man? Now, he’s all horny and stuff.”
“Whatevs. It’s not my fault he’s that stupid to fall for that act. Besides, it’s just getting even anyway. These mechanics always try to take advantage of women when it comes to cars and stuff, ‘cause they think we have no idea how that stuff works so they tack on a bunch random fees and charges for problems that don’t exist. They’ve got this whole superiority schtick and I just exploit that by ingratiating myself to them by playing the fantasy of the helpless, dumb girl. They think they’re being my hero and in the best case scenario, I reward them with sex or something. But you and I know that’s not gonna happen and in the end, I reap the benefits of their thinking with their genitals. It’s all just psychological warfare, and my mamí taught me how to be a commander.”
“Sounds like she taught you how to be a conniving minx.”
“You’re just saying that ‘cause you’ve never felt the pleasure of using your beauty for enchantment. You’d find it fulfilling if you’d try it.”
“Why would I— Wait a minute, you think I’m beautiful?”
Jina scoffed. “Of course, Jay. You’re the second most beautiful half-black girl I know. Of course I’m the first.”
“What do you think is beautiful about me?”
“Superficially, your eyes and freckles and your fantastic body. But below that and much more importantly: your intelligence and your geekiness. You’re a stereotype, but you do it well.”
Jayla giggled, blushing. “You think that stuff is beautiful?”
“I think the joy you get out of all those science fiction movies and video games and cartoons, it’s just genuine and pure. There’s all types of beauty, Jayla; it’s not just looks. And that’s why every girl has an advantage over men, or some girls in your case. True beauty has no definition so that’s why when someone like that mechanic runs right into it, it just—” From the shock of a collision, Jina was thrown into a stumble backwards. She managed to stay on her feet but the other half of the accident had not been so lucky. A glance down and Jina and Jayla saw a girl, sitting on the ground, apparently startled from the impact with the contents of two plastic bags lying around her.
“Oh, my god. I’m so sorry.” said Jina as she and Jayla crouched down to help the girl collect the items. “This is my fault. I totally wasn’t paying attention to where I was walking.”
“No, it’s my fault. I was checking my bags to see if they got the order correct and then I ran into you guys.” The girl peeled back the paper wrapper of one of the many sandwiches she was lugging and turned a smile up to the girls. “Looks like I didn’t pick up any extra seasoning, so I think we’re good.”
With everything retrieved and properly contained, Jina looked up to assign a proper polite laugh to the jest but instead tripped into a small daze brought on by the girl’s appearance. Her mind went blank. It only served to trace over every feature of the girl and capture the most miniscule details of her image. But following those two seconds lost, she snapped to her senses and returned to the prepared giggle as they all came back to standing.
“Thank you, guys.” said the girl.
And with that, the anonymous encounter went about her way across the street to get into her vehicle and speed off, but every cord weaving Jina’s heart together prayed for another second and maybe a minute, an hour, or a lifetime with that girl. As she followed Jayla into the nearby deli, her lust stayed in a fog of longing. The lustrous hair, the casual clothes, the bronze skin, the captivating eyes, the prompt comedic cordiality in a scene that could have easily been one of affray. It all bespoke of that which laced the sheets of her most comforting dreams.
“I think I’m gonna try one of those strawberry cooler things,” said Jayla, observing the restaurant’s overhead menu as she stood behind other waiting patrons in line. “What about you?” She took notice of Jina’s somewhat distant stare. “Jina, what’s the matter?”
“That girl... she was so beautiful. And I couldn’t say a word. Why couldn’t I say anything?”
“Who? That girl we just ran into?”
“She was like the one I’ve always dreamed of: sort of artistic, kinda boyish but still a hint of femininity. She was my dream girl.”
“Or your sister.”
“Oh, my god, please don’t go there. I’m still freaked out by that subconscious-sexual-attraction-to-my-sister thing. It’s just—” Jina shuddered. “Anyway, that short hair, the plaid button-up, and the blue jeans. Oh, my god, there’s no doubt. She’s so queer.”
“Or maybe she’s comfortable dressing like that. Just because a girl doesn’t dress super-feminine it doesn’t mean she’s into girls or whatever. I mean look at me. Do I look like a ‘typical lesbian?’”
“You look like a typical Asian lesbian. But that’s not the point here. The thing is that I couldn’t say anything to her. But now I can think of a million easy conversation starters.”
“Well, it’s like what you were saying about beauty and how it just mesmerizes you.”
“But that doesn’t happen to me. You know me; I’m a confident person. I had no problem telling any of the people I was with back in North River how hot I thought they were. It’s gotta be this dumb medication, again. I hate being normal. I liked it better when I was a narcissistic nymphomaniac. ...But not the subconscious thing.”
“Jina, no one’s ever ready for the moment when they’re face-to-face with ‘the one’. You just pray that you get another chance to say how you feel after you’ve blown the first one... and the second one... and the thirty-two subsequent chances.” Jayla looked to the distance and slipped into wistful speech, her hands clutched over her heart. “But still you just hope that the stars will smile on you and work as an architect to build the perfect moment to tell that girl that gives you such sweet dreams how you feel. But the time the words make it to your lips, fear snatches their confidence to jump and you head home in the same cycle of loathing you’ve known for years. And the more you rehearse what to say for the next time, the more it sounds all wrong and you just give up and head off to sleep, waiting for the next day to fulfill the promise to yourself that this next day will be the one of exceptional glory when you find it in yourself to make your love known. And that tall, entrancing princess for which you’ve pined for years will fall into your arms with the same love that you have for her. And then you and she have the most beautiful wedding on the coast of California with all of your friends and family leading to a lifetime spent in beautiful bliss and spiritual harmony.”
Jina raised an eyebrow. “Well, that was oddly specific.”
“What? Oh!” Jayla laughed sheepishly. “That was just from this manga I was reading. I—” Stammering, she continued laughing.
“Anyway, I hear what you’re saying. And besides, it’s like you said: There’s no way of even knowing if she was even into girls.”
“Don’t get discouraged, Jina. Life’s always a surprise and a half, you know? Just because that encounter went absolutely nowhere, that doesn’t mean the stars don’t have something else even better waiting for you.”
“You’re totally right. I should just relax, take a breath and let the stars handle it. My dreamperson may be closer than I think.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Meanwhile, Trecille was enjoying the perks that “the stars” had helped her attain in her journey to building her fashion label up to the epitome of success. She had given herself the day off and had spent most of the morning in the family room’s armchair with a cup of coffee and the television remote, pondering if she could ever accept a comedian as the new host of her favorite game show, all the while reminiscing about her recent talk show appearances in which she spoke about her rise to fame.
As the current program went to a commercial, Trecille took the break as a cue to relinquish her morning marathon indolence and get up to take a trip to the front yard to check the mail. She pulled her hair up into a ponytail, slipped on a pair of sensible flats waiting by the door and went outside to stroll down the walkway. She took in the beauty of her little slice of serenity as it made the slip into crisp and auric autumnal splendor. There, at the mailbox by the curb, she flipped through the envelopes and junk mail, but soon a mild rumbling of a small fleet of moving trucks made in to her heed. A sparkling red SUV leading them pulled into the circular driveway of the house next door.
“Looks like somebody finally bought that house,” Trecille said to herself. “They better not be Dominicans.”
As the truck drivers parked to begin unloading the cargo, the driver’s side door of the SUV opened and out came a middle-aged man. He waved as he headed over to the passenger’s side. “Howdy, neighbor!” he said to Trecille. He opened the door and out stepped a young woman, dressed to show every curve her frame had. It was Felicia Mercado.
“Yes..., howdy, neighbor,” Felicia said with a devilish smirk.
“Oh, hell no!” Trecille said. “Lord, I know I done missed a few Sundays, but do you have to unleash your wrath on my day off?”
“Well, that’s not the reception I was expecting,” Felicia said. “I thought you’d be congratulating me on my nuptials. I know you’ve read about me and Jeff on the blogs.”
“No, I’m sorry. I must’ve missed that while I was busy being on the cover of six different magazines. I know you’ve seen them when I talked about them in one of my many TV interviews. You know, where I talk about the job you wish you had.”
“Don’t nobody care about your dinky little local appearances and indie magazine covers. Please. Call me when you get a legit mention in Vanity Fair.”
Jeff stepped in front of his wife. “All right, calm down. I know you two had some bad blood, but Felicia told me that you two had made up. She said you’d be happy seeing her as your neighbor.”
“Hell no! I’d rather have the lovechild of Satan and Kim Jong-Il as a neighbor than that liar. She lies to people, she lies on people, and she lies down and opens her legs to people. She’s a lying, petty ass cochina who needs to take a trip back to her Mommy Dearest mother to get some sense slapped back into her horse hair head.”
“Okay, hold up right there. First off, this is all my hair. I was born with all-natural 1A, okay?” Felicia said.
“All-natural like McDonald’s beef,” Trecille said. “You know your Dominican ass is a 3. Bitch, you got eau de flat iron wafting all over you. I smell it from here.”
“Don’t hate ‘cause your old ass is drying up, and that mess on your head is turning into a bird nest. You need to condition all that raw spaghetti. And for the record, don’t act your mama was better than mine. She doesn’t even like your high-school-dropout butt. You’re just mad because you look like every single telenovela villain, and I’ve got a sexy husband who gave me this $2.6 million ring, and a little Felicia.” She rubbed her stomach that had yet to show any signs of pregnancy, and stuck her tongue out at Trecille.
“Now, just calm down for a second, ladies. You don’t want to wake the neighbors and give them a bad impression.”
It was too late. Jeff’s concerns had come to truth as one of the elderly residents across the street was posted at their window to fearfully peek through the blinds. “Franklin! Franklin!” cried the woman to her husband who was sitting in an armchair in a corner with a small television set in front of him. “More minorities moved in across the street, and they’re being Spanish on the front lawn.”
“Sorry. Can’t do anything. Obama’s the president and George Lopez has a talk show. We’re the minorities now.” Franklin sunk into his armchair and took a sip of gin.
“It looks like he shoulda got you a new hairline,” Trecille said to Felicia. “Over there looking like Mystique from the X-Men movie, acting like somebody give a crap about your kid. I hope it comes out with rubber bands and a pot of boiling water, ‘cause it’s gonna have to fight its way through all those vagina crabs to get out.”
“Hey, wait a minute, that’s my wife you’re talking about.”
“I don’t care if she’s your wife. You chose to marry a slut.”
“You’re the one with the bastard daughter, I think that makes you the slut,” Felicia said. “How is your little cuckoobird doing by the way?” Her priggish grin had barely come across her lips before Trecille ripped her mailbox off of its post and threw it through the back window of the vehicle behind Felicia, casting glass over the driveway and the movers carting  boxes.
“My car!” Jeff cried.
“Screw your car. You shoulda known better than to bring that petty cochina near my house.”
“You’re the petty one,” Felicia said. “You’re obviously jealous ‘cause I’m younger, prettier and more educated than you, and I accomplished everything you wanted to do in a quarter of the time that it took you. And now that Ms. di Stacci has invited me back to join her label, face it, bitch: I’m taking over. I’m working on an idea so big, it’s gonna make you irrelevant faster than Von Dutch trucker caps.”
“Bitch, please! Don’t even let the thought sit in your head that I am at all worried by you. I was touchin’ hundreds back when you were trading Fruit Roll Ups for pudding cups in the lunchroom, okay? I bought my first house when you were learning about predicates and solving basic math in a Lisa Frank notebook. I gave you your first job, I put you in the industry. I was there listening to your problems when nobody else would, and now you wanna come at me like your success is better than mine just because your immature and opportunistic ass connived your way into whatever you got? Don’t stand there and act like I ever did anything to you to make you want to betray me and Steffennie. And definitely don’t stand there thinking you’re any kind of competition to me. You annoy me, yes, but I’m at a point where I can provide for my children and more. Whatever you wanna do with your life is fine for you, but don’t expect the charity of a damn from me, ‘cause you will never be a threat. You may be a wife and soon a mother, but you’ve got a long way to go before you can call yourself a woman. And don’t you ever say anything about my children again, or I’ll break more than your car window. No juegues conmigo.”
The elderly woman gasped and turned from the blinds to face her husband. “I hope the pharmacy has aloe vera lotion because somebody just got a full-body burn.”
Trecille and Felicia both turned to go to their home’s insides, but while Trecille was able to storm off, Felicia was caught by the barrier of Jeff.
“Felicia... this marriage, the pregnancy, all of this. Please tell me it’s not just to make that woman jealous. I mean I overlooked what everyone said about you and the way you divorced that man and took his company, but then something like this happens and now I just don’t know what to believe. Is this just a game to you?”
“How dare you, Jeff? How dare you? How can you even stand there and question my love when here I am proud to finally have a family to call my own? Excuse me for wanting to throw that in my ex-employer’s ugly face. Excuse me for loving you!” She turned from Jeff and began weeping into her palms.
“I really  love you, Felicia, but if this side of you is the real one, maybe you really do have some maturing to do. Don’t prove what everyone said about you true.” Jeff left Felicia with his words as he walked off to the house.
Alone, Felicia stood minding the man along with the things once said by every other identity that had come before. Those were either stagnant or just plain ineffective in her mind by now, but disappointment from the person who held her heart weighted and twisted her stomach. The judging eyes of the movers caught her. She cleared away her pensive look for a stern one. “Hey! I’m not paying you to stare at my ass. Get this furniture in my house, now!” She turned her nose up and put a chassé in her walk as she headed inside.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

It had been a couple of hours after the argument heard ‘round the neighborhood when Jina came home with her mother’s list of errands completed. Still smitten from her earlier encounter she came into the kitchen with an armful of groceries.
“Hola, familia units.” Jina said as she placed the grocery bags on the counter. “I am back with a fully tuned-up car and—” She noticed her mother sitting at the kitchen’s island with a glassful of red wine, a lit cigarette in her other hand, and a face full of enmity. “Uh oh, what’s wrong? I haven’t seen this face since someone said every Reggaeton song uses the same beat.”
“I was having the most peaceful day in my chair, watching The Plinko. Then, I go outside to check the mail and I find out that the one person that I despise more than your grandmother has moved in next door, not only married but pregnant too.”
“Nancy Grace just moved in? Oh, my god, are you serious?”
“No, not her. The other person I despise.”
“Elizabeth Hasselbeck?”
“No, the one person I despise in fashion.”
Jina was a bit more puzzled than before. “Tory Burch?”
“No, it’s Felicia.”
“Are you frickin’ serious?”
“Yes! I Googled her husband. He’s some basketball team and pizza franchise owner, mid-40s, and a kid from a earlier marriage. I just saw Felicia in June. How the hell is she married and pregnant in only four months? I swear that girl moves faster than that— that— What’s that game your sister used to play? Blueball the Warthog?”
“Sonic the Hedgehog?”
“Whatever. I can’t believe Ms. di Stacci gave Felicia a second chance.”
“Maybe it won’t be so bad. I mean you two will be working in different buildings. You probably will hardly ever see each other.”
“That’s not the problem, coquí. She’s next door! At almost any moment, I run the risk of seeing that smug, gold digging cochina’s face, wearing dresses with the hem up so high you automatically become a gynecologist when you look at her. Couture, my ass. She needs to change her label’s name from Mercado Couture to Puta Payless. I haven’t been this upset since Eva Longoria ‘accidentally’ chin checked me at the ALMA awards. As high up as my face is, how is a short bitch like her gonna accidentally hit my face trying to go in for a ‘hug’? That bitch. Oh, and that reminds me: Penelope Menchaca still owes me $50. Remind me to call her.”
“I know you’re angry, but would you feel better if Tomika and I made you your favorite dish for dinner? A little spaghetti, steak and shrimp?”
“Did you get the adobo?”
“I most certainly did.”
Trecille slid out of her seat and gave Jina a kiss on the cheek. “Gracias, coquí. You and your sister are the only things that keep me from catching a case sometimes. Tomika’s in the backyard. Call me when dinner’s ready, I’m gonna go watch the The Earl.” 
Jina went out to the patio and there, beyond the decorative red brick and the gentle roll of green grass, was Tomika sitting on the edge of a stone bridge arching over the rushing water of a small creek. She ventured down to the spot and, too, took the peace the scene exuded. “Communing with nature, baby sister?” she said.
“Pretty much. It’s getting more and more natural, too. Like I don’t even have to try to hear what the wind or the creek is saying. I just hear it. It’s pretty cool.”
“You know, Tomika, I never asked, but what’s it like being a superhero? Aren’t you ever scared that one day you’re gonna come up against something that can really kill you?”
“I try not to think about that. I’m just doing what I was born to do, and I’ll do it for as long as I have to. Or until I get tired of every Internet butt-jerk comparing me and my girls to nearly every cartoon and comic book under the sun.”
“Oh, my goodness, they do not.”
“They so do. If it’s not Nickelodeon’s Avatar, it’s Storm from X-Men, or Spider-Man because of the vine things. I mean not even the obvious Pokémon reference. Whatevs. I made it a rule that no matter what rumors or crap the girls read on the Internet they are not allowed to respond to it.”
“Like what? What’s the craziest thing you’ve read?”
“Other than the Facebook campaigns for us to get a reality show and host Saturday Night Live, the best thing I’ve read was a tweet—and I am not lying when I tell you this, but it said that I don’t have an anus or genitals ‘cause I can’t waste time pooping or menstruating.”
“Are you serious?” Jina said, laughing.
“I swear to my goddess. But that’s Twitter. They streamlined random stupidity like Facebook did with stalking.”
“I know what you mean. I can’t tell you how many pervs from our old school are still tweeting me about how sexy my legs look, and the computer teacher keeps tagging me in his photoshopped pictures of him and me with my face attached to just my legs. But tangent aside, I came out here to ask you to help me make dinner.”
“Translation: Tomika, can you do all of the cooking?”
“I promise I’m gonna help this time. I want to learn your chef’s touch. I’m half-Latina, I should at least know how to make rice.”
“I hate to say it, Jina, but I think you’re hopeless when it comes to cooking. You’re the only person I know to have burned cereal.”
“Well, at least it stayed crunchy.”
Tomika chuckled and brought her hanging legs over the ledge to stand on the bridge. “All right, I’ll help. What are we making?”
“Well, I suggested to mamí that we have some shrimp and— Oh, my god!” Jina dove into the cover of the bridge’s foot near the creek’s bank. Then, she grabbed Tomika to yank her backwards to the grass where she was ducked in hiding.
Tomika lay beside Jina on her back. “Okay, I’m gonna give you two seconds of me not kicking your ass to ask ‘What the hell?’”
“Did you see that girl next door? I saw her earlier today, but I didn’t know what to say to her. Now, I’ve got my second chance. I can’t believe it. It really was in the stars.” Jina squealed delightedly.
“Okay... what?”
“No time to explain. How’s my hair? My breath? Anything in my teeth? Wait, what am I worried about? I’m perfect. Wait, why is she at Felicia’s house? Right, her husband had a kid from another marriage. Tomika, stop asking questions, come on!” Jina darted out from behind the bridge en route to a shot at love.
There, Tomika stayed sprawled over the grass, glasses askew. “Okay... what?”
Jina began her stroll to the fence-less border between the two homes and threw as much casualness into her walk as she could. “Um... hey, neighbor,” she said with a gentle tone.
The girl looked up from the pots of plants she was arranging. “Oh, hey! The girl from outside the deli. You’re not here to knock me down again, are you?”
“No, I promise. I just want to introduce myself and welcome you to the block. I’m Jina, and this is my half-sister Tomika.” She motioned to the woozy girl making her way across the lawn to join them.
“Well, it’s nice to see the girls next door are actually as pretty as the movies make them out to be. I’m Peppermint Mills. I’d like it if you just call me Pepper, though. Happy to make your lovely acquaintance.” She held her hand out for a salutatory handshake but caught notice of soil flecks and humbly pulled it back. “You, uh... probably don’t want to touch that, huh?”
“No, it’s okay. We’re totally shaking hands in my mind.” Jina giggled.  “Oh, god, I’m sorry. That was so lame.”
“No, I like this mental handshake. You’ve got very soft hands.”
Jina giggled again and began twirling her finger in her hair.
Tomika came to stand by Jina’ and adjusted her glasses to sit properly on her face. “So, where are you from?”
“Seattle. I don’t know how familiar you two are with sports, but my dad owns the Seattle Civets basketball team.”
“Yeah, I know ‘em,” Tomika said. “They suck.”
“Tomika!” Jina slapped Tomika’s arm. “Excuse you!”
“No, she’s right. They really do suck. People stopped coming to the games and we started losing money, so my dad agreed to move them to Northern State. Really, the mayor begged him. Something about needing some kind of attraction to help get money to pay for a bunch of destruction left by the local superheroes.”
Tomika and Jina gave each other a glance.
“It’s weird ‘cause even though the team’s gonna be playing in Northern State, they’re gonna be called the Queen City Civets. And I guess my dad’s trying to expand his Fast Ass Pizza franchise, so I guess that’s a part of the move too.”
Tomika’s eyes lit up. “Dude, fast Ass Pizza? The pizza place with those ads with the donkey pulling up in the jeep, and then he throws the pizza at the man, and the man says—”
“’That was fast. Fast Ass Pizza,’” Pepper said. “Yeah, I came up with that idea and dad liked it, so the agency he hired ran with it.”
“Did you come up with all those other ones? I swear I watch them all the time on the Internet.”
“Glad you enjoy them. Yeah, the donkey campaign was all my idea. The more surreal ones were from my twisted brain.”
“Dude, Pepper, I swear you are a comedy goddess. When I had to come up with an ad for my aunt’s restaurant, Mi Casa, I looked at all of those commercials for inspiration. I can’t believe they were your idea.”
“Oh, my God, you did the commercial for Mi Casa? Say you swear.”
“Wrote, directed, and shot all in one weekend. You’ve seen it?”
“Yes! It’s still in my YouTube favorites. I die every time I see that part when that guy with the crushed velvet jacket picks up his order, then he floats out the door singing like Jodeci. I wish I was as involved in making the commercials as you were. The ad agency did most of the work with the Fast Ass commercials.”
“Well, no matter how deeply involved you were, they’re still some of the best of last year. For real.”
“Thanks. I like painting and making movies but my dad says I should use my art for practical purposes, so I guess I’ll be going into advertising soon. I just like to run with all this creativity my hippie mom gave me.”
“How is it having Felicia for a stepmother, anyway?” Jina said.
Felicia poked her head out through the patio door. “Hey, Pep, we’re gonna go out for dinner. Tell the neighbors bye. Get it? ‘Bi’?” She cackled.
“Rude, much?” Jina said. “You’re just gonna throw my business out there into the whole neighborhood?”
“Not you. Her.” Felicia pointed to Pepper.
“So, you’re just gonna throw her business out like that? What kind of stepmother are you?”
“A prettier one than your gladiator-looking mama. Tell her to get a better bra for those floppy breasts.” Felicia cackled again. Jeff took a hold on her shoulder and pulled her back into the house.
“I’m sorry about that,” Pepper said. “Since we’ve arrived in the state, all she’s talked about is your mother. I mean I didn’t know she was your mother when we bumped into each other, but, well, you know, I’m just sorry. I seriously don’t know what my father sees in her.”
“Pretty sure it’s the twenty-five year old vagina,” Tomika said.
“It’s okay,” Jina said. “It’s not the first time I’ve been the brunt of her jokes. But that aside, did I hear her correctly? You just so happen to look at the ladies, occasionally, too?” She tried to put as much casualness into the inquiry as she could.
Pepper turned her head away a bit and rubbed the back of her neck “Yeah. ...Since it’s out there. I told my mom about a year ago, and she told my dad. And, then, I guess he told Felicia when they were on one of their dates or whatever.” She rolled her eyes and shook her head. She brought her sight back up to the girls. “I wish it just stayed between me and my mom.”
“Well, if you ever need to talk to someone who gets how you feel, you can talk to me,” Jina said. “I’ve dealt with the ‘can’t make up your mind’ and the ‘just doing this for attention’ and the ‘wanna have a threesome’ thing on more than one occasion. Even from this one here.” She gestured to Tomika. “Not the threesome thing though.”
“And I apologized for the things I did say,” Tomika said. “I totally respect her feelings, especially since I can’t even lie that I’m still trying to sort out the weird feels I got from Eliza Dushku’s bikini scene in The New Guy. Now I can’t listen to B2K without getting horny.”
Pepper laughed. “Seriously, Tomika, I wish I had a friend like you back in Seattle. You’re much cooler than all those fake friends I had, just trying to get free pizza and basketball tickets.”
“You don’t have to worry about that from me. I’d never ask for tickets to a Civets game. Not with that butt-dump starting five. What your dad needs to do is go down to the Rucker in Harlem and get, like, three at-risk brothas, and sign them for 500k a piece instead of signing all those Euro league dudes like what they did last year. You need to fire that manager for doing that mess.”
Pepper chuckled. “I’ll pass the message to him at dinner which I need to be getting ready for now. I’ll talk to you guys later. It was nice meeting you two. I’m feeling a little better about moving here now. And Tomika, you and I need to hang out. You’re hilarious.”
Tomika snapped her fingers and gave a smile while pointing with her fingers making the shape of guns as Pepper went into her home.
With Pepper fully out of sight, Jina dropped a punch into Tomika arm.
“Ow! What the hell was that for?”
“What the honest frick, Tomika?! You were supposed to be my wingman and make her interested in me, but all you did was make her like you. Didn’t you hear me at the bridge? I said this was my second chance to talk to my dream girl. It was my chance to make a good impression and she barely noticed me what with all of your director credits and sports advice.”
“Well, excuse me for appreciating good donkey-related comedy and thinking it was a stupid move for the Civets to get half their bench from Lithuania. They play soft defense and all they do is shoot threes... poorly.”
Jina roared out a groan. “God, I swear you are the most lesbian non-lesbian ever. Why don’t you just shove your tongue in her lips right in front of me and get it over with?”
“Okay, chill the frak out for two seconds, Jina. Ain’t nobody trying to steal your girl crush. I have a boyfriend and he’s the only one I want. No need to go all Shelley Garrett on me.”
“You said it yourself: You haven’t figured out your girl feels. I let my guard down just because you have a boyfriend, and the next thing I know, you and Pepper are getting married on the coast of California and I’m the bridesmaid struggling to fit my bread-dough back into the ugly dress you picked for me because you knew I was sensitive about the weight I gained from stress-eating and being all depressed and crap. How could you do this to me, Tomika?! You ruined my life!” As tears broke away from her eyes, Jina pushed the girl aside and dashed to the comfort of her home.
“So, I’m guessing I’m making dinner by myself?” Tomika called out. “Yeah, this was expected,” she said to herself.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Jayla came from her bedroom and descended the stairs to find her mother, Miyoung, in usual evening character, lounging on the couch with the television on. Jayla did not think much of her and Jina’s run-in with Pepper earlier, but the more she mused on what her friend described as her dream girl, the more she questioned her personality, and it troubled her. Though she understood what the frightening feelings that were whizzing around her veins were saying, she needed guidance in her way of expressing them more clearly. And hopefully, a few minutes of shared space with her mother would give her the medicine she needed. “Mom, can I talk to you for a sec?”
“I don’t know. Can you?”
“Sorry. May I talk to you?”
“I’m only kidding, dear. Modal auxiliary colloquialisms are fine amongst familiar parties consequent of the Plantagenet era.”
“Been watching those philology videos, again, mom?”
“Knowledge is sexy, my dear.” Miyoung tittered as she lowered the volume on the television. She did not notice it when she jokingly corrected her daughter’s grammar, but the overall reticent nature in the way Jayla sat and kept a low gaze pointed to a severe situation resting in the girl. “Are you okay? Is something wrong?”
Jayla was a bit hesitant to speak, but she was confident that the bond that had been formed in her previous confession of personal feelings would help her communicate. She took in a breath and said, “What did you feel when you first fell in love?”
Miyoung was taken slightly aback. She searched her heart for the answer and when she was empty there, she searched through her mind. But still no answer. It frightened her to know that she could not explain the feeling, yet she did not want to send Jayla to  a hint of panic. “Well, that’s kind of tricky. But why do you ask?”
“I... I don’t know. I guess it’s that— Don’t tell dad, but I think I might... kinda, sorta, maybe really like my best friend. I don’t know if it’s love or not, and that’s why I’m asking you.”
“I can’t lie, I kinda figured you’d be telling me this one day. Since you were kids, you would just light up whenever you were around Jina.”
Jayla tried to hide her smile.
“So, what brought this about?”
“Earlier, Jina and I ran into this random girl outside the deli, and Jina was saying how that girl was like her dream girl, but that girl wasn’t like me. And the more I thought about Jina being with someone else—being in love with someone else—it just made me feel so... I don’t know... empty. Jina has been in ‘relationships’ with other people, but this is the first time where I felt like this person meant something to her. And I wanted to mean something to her.”
“Are you sure this isn’t just jealousy?”
“The thought crossed my mind. Do you think it is?”
“It sounds like it. The main issue here is whether or not you want to tell her how you feel, isn’t it?”
“Yeah. Like, I know I could see myself with her. I’ve thought about it so many times, and I’ve always wanted to tell her how I think of her as more than a friend. And then what happened today let me realize how quickly I could lose her to someone else, and I’d just be stuck wondering if there was ever a chance that I could have been with her. It’s like, her laugh and her smile, the way she twirls her finger in her hair sometimes, the way she can be so fearless one moment and then still be so gentle the next, and the way she just knows how to make me feel good, I love all of that. I want all of that to myself. But I don’t think she feels the same.”
“Going after love always has its risks and telling your best friend you have feelings for her can make things awkward if she doesn’t feel the same. You could end up pushing Jina away rather than pulling her closer. And I want you to be happy, but from what I’ve seen, I’m sorry, hon, it really does seem like she only sees you as just a friend.”
“You think it’d be better if I didn’t say anything?”
“Well, look at it this way: She just ran into this girl. It’s not like she’s someone at school or somebody she knows where she can start dating her. If you give it a little time, maybe she’ll see what she has in a friend like you.”
“Do you think so?”
Miyoung smiled and looked down into Jayla’s eyes full of hope. The wishes that colored her pupils reminded her of herself years ago when she was that very same girl. Though it would be hard for her to believe her own words lately, for the sake of Jayla’s smile, she answered, “I really hope so.”
“Thanks, mom. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got to go write an essay for a contest. I’m feeling kinda lucky right now.” She gave her mother a hug and ran back upstairs.
Though she found it insistent of her maternal role to keep her daughter happy, Miyoung could not help but to sit there wondering if she had just helped her little girl hopes, or harmed her heart more than she would ever stand to believe.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

With the dark of a typical Tuesday night upon the city, Jina had her hair in a loose braid and had changed into more relaxing dress, all as a preamble to slumber. But before she would put her head to the pillow, she sat on her bed in the company of her laptop, deep in the glittery stick of young Hollywood scandals and news. Her mother’s name was among some of the talk, but she had that lingering desire to have something in her life written in a headline amongst the renowned A-List. Obediently, her dreaming would wait, for a knock at her door caught her attention.
“Last call for some of this good-ass shrimp before mom eats all of it,” Tomika said, holding a dish of the seafood. “I promise there’s no poison it in a plot to steal your dream girl.”
Jina rolled her eyes and snickered. “I’m sorry I freaked on you. It’s just that I’m not used to not being the object of adoration. And for a person I like to find you more interesting than me, it just hurt my feelings.”
“I’d say I understand, but apparently you think my emotions are made of iron, so I will just bid you a polite goodnight.” Tomika turned her nose up and removed herself from Jina’s doorway.
“Tomika, come back. I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Sorry, can’t hear you over the crunch of this good-ass shrimp and the shattering of my feelings.”
Jina began to get up to chase after but paused when a motion in her window jumped to the corner of her eye. It was Pepper who was arriving home from her family outing. As if there were a movie to watch, Jina craned just enough to watch the girl amble about her room. From the casual toss of a jacket to the back of a chair, to the drop of her shoes at the furniture’s feet, to the trip to the dresser where she pulled her shirt off over her head and started to unfasten her bra, Jina’s sight followed her like a shadow. For her, it was visual poetry by electric lamplight, watching the girl search through her choices of shirts with her back to her, but the stanza ripped to a halt when Pepper noticed the peeping eyes.
Jina flailed and flopped off of the bed, and, staying low to the floor, she scrambled to the cover of a wall well away from the view of the window.
Half-laughing, Pepper pulled her shirt selection on and came to her window to throw it open. “Hey, neighbor girl!” she called out.
With her heart hammering against her ribs, Jina considered the call. Her initial instinct told her to remain in hiding until it was feasible that the girl abandoned her waiting, but another thought made its way to the forefront of her actions. She straightened her clothes and popped up at her window. “Oh, hello, Pepper,” she said nonchalantly. “How was dinner? Did you have fun?”
“It was nice. But I guess I should ask if you enjoyed the show.”
“You thought I was watching you? Oh, no, darling. I was just stargazing from my bed. I’m totally into astronomy. But only when I’m not watching sports and comedy shows.”
“Oh, really? What do you feel about Hilbert space? Interesting, huh?”
“Yeah. Hilbert space... That’s the most outer that outer space can get. Who knows what other kind of spaces they’ll discover out in this vast and immense universe, right?”
Pepper fell into a cackle, leaving Jina’s insides tight in embarrassment. “Drop the act, Jina. I know you don’t know any of that sciencey-physics-space crap. I don’t even know about any of that stuff. I just heard it when I was flipping through TV channels.”
“What makes you so sure I don’t know about physics? I could so totally be a gorgeous genius.”
“If you were a genius, you would have come up with a better way to try to impress me.”
Jina pulled her gaze from the girl and wrapped her fingers up in her hair. “What makes you think I was trying to impress you?”
“I heard you yelling at your sister after I went inside. It’s quite flattering knowing I’m your dream girl. I always thought I had kind of a nightmarish face, though.”
“Oh, my god! You heard all of that?” Jina dropped to her knees and buried her face in her palms. “Oh, I could die right now. You probably think I’m a psychopath or something.”
“No, I know psychos. There was this girl at my school named Jenny Humphrey who got dumped a week before homecoming, so she broke into her boyfriend’s house and cut off his dad’s penis. She said it was the root of all evil.”
“Oh, my goodness, are you serious?”
“Totally serious. The worst part is that no one knows what she did with it afterward. No one could find it and she wouldn’t tell the police. She just kept saying it won’t hurt anyone anymore. But anyway, my point is that you’re not crazy. And if first impressions are really that important to you, don’t worry. You’re fine.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, right after we bumped into each other, you were sorry, and you sounded sincere. And then you helped me pick everything up. Courtesy’s as good as a first impression can get in my book.”
Jina let a small, relaxed smile show. “Wow... I didn’t even think about that.”
“Yeah, just knowing you’re not a rude bitchface is totally good enough to me. But I’m only assuming you’re not a rude bitchface. We’ve only known each other for like one day.”
“Oh, I promise I’m not that at all. I’m, like, the kindest, most well-mannered girl in this city.”
“She’s lying. She hurt my feelings and she wouldn’t eat none of this good-ass shrimp,” Tomika called out.
Jina whipped around and found Tomika standing nearby with her dish of shrimp tails sitting in streaks of cocktail sauce. “Damn it, Tomika! Get out of here.” She snatched a tube of lip balm from her desk nearby and flung it to the girl’s face.
“And she assaulted me! Bitch is crazy, Pepper!” Tomika said as she backed out of the room.
Jina turned back to Pepper. “Don’t pay attention to her. She’s joking.”
“I know. It’s okay. And I really meant it when I said that you guys made moving here totally worth it. I don’t even mind having Felicia as a ‘mother’ or going to a whole new school anymore.”
“Will I be seeing you at Hester Prynne?”
“Appolonia Kotero Preparatory Academy. They’ve got a good arts program along with core classes so I can do my painting and movies while still keeping dad happy.”
“Kotero’s a really good school. You must have some true talent to get into there.”
“If I were a narcissist I’d say I’m the best, but since I’m me I’ll say I’m the best ever.” She and Jina laughed. “But no, I’m just okay.”
“Got anything you can show me?”
“Sure.” Pepper went to the side of her desk to pick out one of her many canvas panels and brought it over to the window. “I call this one ‘Cold’.”
Mesmerized, Jina surveyed all marks in the depiction of a child sprawled out and bleeding on a city street in winter setting while people casually passed by. The details and the emotion captured in the grays and the blacks and red, they touched Jina deeply inside. “Oh, my god, Pepper, it’s beautiful.”
“Thanks. I don’t usually do stuff like this, but I had a bad day a while ago and I just needed to rage, so I took it out on this kid.”
“I love how you’ve got this big sense of humor, but then there’s still some sort of dark and mysterious secretiveness to you. Like there’s two sides or something, you know?”
“I, uh... I guess you could say that. Listen, Jina I’d love to sit and chat, but I’ve got a school to explore tomorrow and I’d like to get a good night of sleep. We’ll talk later?”
“Sure. Goodnight. Hey, try not to kill anymore kids.”
Pepper snickered. “I won’t, I promise.” She closed her window and drew her curtains, leaving Jina with an amicable smile. Alone with the silence of her walls, she took a deep breath and shook her head filled with an ever so tiny slice of remorse. She cleared it from her mind and went about preparing for rest.
Jina closed her window and drew her curtains closed as well. She went back to her bed, now with a new sight of her neighbor. Love at second sight. The girl that danced around her idea of the perfect love had waltzed back into the best grace of that which she dreamed. And even with the little distance between them, she had never felt so close and intimate with the girl almost as if their hearts could touch. She longed for another vision through the panes away from her pallet to paint dreams but it would have to wait for daylight. It would still be a pleasant wait through sleep.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Italian salutation, my dreamweavers,” said Ms. di Stacci to her employees as she came into her building’s conference room. She climbed onto the head of the table and made herself comfortable as she laid down. “Undoubtedly you all have noticed that we have a new fair lass aboard the SS Stelletta and you may be wondering why. Long story short: I was having dinner with my friends Kevin O’ Leary, Suze Orman, Arlene Dickinson and Jim Cramer, and Jim said to me—and I quote: ‘How could you disregard the growth of Mercado’s business over the last eight quarters? She would’ve been a great asset and you chose that other woman? You know nothing about business! Nothing!’ I thought about it and he was correct. I overlooked Mrs. Mercado-Mills economic prowess because of her dishonesty in matters of charity and such, but now I see that she’s matured and you all know it is not in me to hold one’s past against them. I mean Terrance Howard was in Glitter, but you don’t hear me discounting his cinematic performances. I digress.  Everyone, please give a welcome to the beautiful Felicia Mercado-Mills.”
The men and women around the table clapped for the woman who smiled and thanked them for their pleasantries.
“And Ms. Mercado-Mills, please enjoy this breakfast of spinach waffles and liver sausage that my helpers made especially for you. This dish is high in folic acid which is good when you’re carrying a little monster.”
“Oh... How thoughtful,” said Felicia through a forced smile as she accepted the plate from the twin girls in matching tutus and sleeveless tuxedos.
“Now, about our Winter catalog—”
“Ms. di Stacci,” Felicia said.
“Yes, past-mistake-I’ve-forgiven-of-myself?”
“I just wanted to tell you that the Mariposas project that I told you about, I’d like Ms. Cordova to work on it with me. I think that her expertise would help bring the right look that I’m going for in those designs.”
“Oh! Well, if you insist. I can’t wait to see what you two come up with.” Ms. di Stacci turned to the other workers and went on with her oration. “About our Winter catalog: rutabaga, rutabaga, rutabaga, rutabaga...”
Trecille’s eyes lowered to dubious scopes as she leaned closely to Felicia. “What’s your angle, cochina? I swear, if you’re planning to turn this Bay of Pigs into a full blown World War, then I suggest that you give up now ‘cause my mind is all messed up like chemical warfare. And I’m not just the commander... I’m J. muthafrickin’ Oppenheimer.”
“There’s no angle. My husband and I talked last night and he agreed that you were right about me. I’m pregnant, now. And I’m a stepmother. I can’t be the same girl I was a few months ago, and I wanna make sure that I’m a good example for my kid and Jeff’s kid. I apologize for that crappy stunt that I pulled back when I worked for you. It was a bitch move, and you didn’t deserve that headache. And I really am delighted that you made it out of that situation. It shows real strength.”
“Bitch, you better not be lying to me.”
“I swear to God. Truce.”
Trecille backed from the woman, but she kept her skepticism apparent. “All right... I guess I believe you. But when you said you would be working here, I was ready to battle this out over however long it would take. Like making it a running thing that we were enemies in the workplace sorta like on Ugly Betty... or every other show centering around women and/or fashion.”
“I’d really like it if we could cohabit without trivial crap like that, and, truly, I don’t mind working on my project with you. It’ll be like the old days.”
“I’m glad to hear that, ‘cause women do have a bad reputation for being underhanded bitches in the workplace, and we Latinas should stick together rather than going back and forth over menial stuff like that. It’s just childish. But now, I really wish I didn’t put those dead piglets in the trunk of your car. Oh well.”
“Yeah.” Felicia focused a face of disgust on the meal wafting its salty scent into her nostrils, pushing the sound of all things around her into her mind as background noise. Then, she picked up and processed those last words. “Wait, what?!”




Chapter Seven
Candles


Trecille was lying in an ugly sleep, mouth agape and drooling. The supreme comfort of her queen-sized bed and its cotton sheets swaddled her body to keep her comatose and violently snoring in a solemn peace through the morning hours. And it would not be til a mid-sleep sneeze to urge her to roll over and catch a quick burn of sunlight on her face that she would finally crack her eyes open to be taken from slumber.
She sat up out of the sunlight to assess her surroundings and found that the light behind her windows was way too high for her normal weekday time to arise which sent a shock to her heart that was only made more tensing as she turned to view a flashing 12:00 on the alarm clock beside her bed. Unknown to her, a mid-night power surge had reset the device. But, assured that she was already late for work, she dismissed the time, tumbled out of bed and ran for the bathroom all the while running her hands over her face to feel the little red bumps that she knew would be there.
“No, no, not today!” The mirror threw up a picture of a woman with hair frazzled and graying, and a face full of hives. “Oh, God, the achaques,” Trecille whispered forlornly before another sneeze.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Tomika and Allie stood at the threshold of a brave new world, one unimaginable by any of the students and faculty. In the days following the decimation of the controversial concession, the kids had been forced to either eat off campus or bring a home-prepared lunch if they did not have the means for traveling into the city. But now, for a third option, demand was high for its arrival, and thanks to a deal made by the superintendent that would not only solve the school’s vendor problem but also remedy the financial issues left from the destruction around the school, Hester Prynne High™ was now a subsidiary and trademark of Viacom Incorporated with the cafeteria renamed the MTV Automat (with additional sponsorships from Virgin Mobile, Taco Bell, and Pepsi Cola).
“Holy... freakin’... crap,” Allie said as she and Tomika took in the sights around them. Beyond two glass doors was a bright, two-level dining area where many of the students were buzzing about as they watched televisions tuned to the current programming of MTV. In the store portion, there were shelves of school supplies on one wall, music magazines and best-selling books on another, and where the cashier counter once was, there was now a wall-length vending machine comprised of small doors. Many of which gave previews to the cuisine of Taco Bell inside. Per the instructions displayed on a nearby sign, Allie slid her school identification card in the reader to charge a dollar to it and opened one of the doors to pull out a plate holding a breakfast burger: two sausage patties with lettuce, tomato, eggs and cheese on a pancake bun. “Dude, how awesome is this?! I can hang with you guys at lunch instead of working the counter!”
“This might simultaneously be the best and worst idea I have ever seen,” Tomika said as she shuffled through one of the racks of clothing out on the floor.
“Everything okay over here, ladies? Need help with the credit system or anything?” said a man with a Viacom name-tag pinned to his shirt.
“No, we’re fine,” Allie said. “I’m just taking this to go.”
“Take one of these, also. Fill it out when you get a chance.” He gave both of the girls a note card from the stack he was holding. “You can return it here any time. We value your opinions.”
In going about their way to the routine hallways, Allie happily packed her jaws with the sandwich while Tomika studied the card. “So, apparently, since we’re such an eclectic population, Viacom’s using us to collect marketing information. We’re like a big pen of lab rats to them,” she said.
“If it means breakfast like this, and tacos for lunch, I’ll give ‘em all the opinions they want. What do they need to know?”
“How often a week do you watch BET?”
“Pah!” Allie exclaimed, scoffing. “Dude, don’t make me laugh; I’m eating, here.”
“Hey, let me get a bite of that. It smells kinda good.”
“Oh, sure, dude.” Allie made her best attempt to tear through all the layers of an uneaten portion of the burger and fed the mess to Tomika.
“Yeah, that is kinda good,” Tomika said through her chewing.
“What’s up, girls?” said Marc. He came up behind them and wrapped his arms around their shoulders. “I see you two have been to the new cafeteria. I can’t wait to see what you put on your questionnaire, Tomika.”
“Of course my issue is that their networks haven't licensed your show.”
“That’s my girl.” He kissed Tomika on the cheek. “Supporting her man. I like that.”
“Yeah, I’m a ride-or-die chick. Some girls carry drugs for their man, but I defend awful characterization and continuity errors.”
Marc sneered. “Anyway, I was thinking that since today’s your mom’s birthday, I’d take her, you, and your sister out to dinner.”
Tomika was pleasantly surprised. “Oh, well that’s a nice idea. I’m sure she’ll appreciate that.”
“Yeah, it’ll give her a chance to meet my family.”
“And suddenly, it’s a bad idea.”
“Come on, Tomika. I know you and my mom didn’t exactly get along the first time you met, but I promise she’ll be good this time. We finally got her to leave the Angel Wives. She’s clean, now.”
“Your mom was in the Angel Wives?” Allie said. “The SKY-Gs and those crack-asses were the ones who screwed my dad up. Jeez, is the whole city in that club?”
“There’s a lot of people with disposable income and nothing better to do,” Marc said. “But as I was saying, just give her another chance, Tomika.”
“I’ll say it in French: non. I’ll say it in Russian: nyet. I’ll say it in pimp: bitch, hell no. I’m not about to sit there and let your mom give me the business over biscuits. It ain’t good for digestion.”
“She’s not gonna give you ‘the business’. It’s gonna be a simple, dignified dinner. Some glasses clinking, some pretentious laughter, makin’ memories. You’ve got nothing to worry about. Your family’s the most charming, most elegant, most adjective-et-cetera group of girls I know. It’s gonna be a great night.”
The bell rung. 
Tomika sighed. “Look, I’ve got a Celestial Mechanics test that I forgot to study for, so that’s at the forefront of my mind, right now. I’ll text mom later and see if she’s not doing anything tonight. But I promise if your mother says something about my hair again, she’s not gonna have a nose to do coke with anymore.”
“None of that’s gonna be necessary, I promise. Tonight’s gonna be great.”
“I seriously hope those aren’t famous last words.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“¡Hijo de puta!” cried Trecille. She sneezed, and pitched forth a long stream of blood through the left nostril. She plugged it with a tampon.
For the past twenty-eight days of September, Trecille had been dreading waking up to this one morning and so far, it was doing all but trying to reinforce her certitude in optimism with a string of misfortunes following her waking late. In a rush to get to work, she forwent making breakfast at home and purchased a coffee from a restaurant drive-thru, but when she tried to take a sip while driving away she spilled the hot liquid all over her suit as the lid had not been fastened all around the cup. She swerved from the shock and hit the curb which gave her a flat in one of the tires, and when she put the phone to her ear to call roadside service it shorted out (as a result of last night’s surge storing an overabundance of static electricity in the battery) and burned her ear as well as part of her hair. She broke the heel off of her shoe while walking to the auto supply store to purchase the tire, jack, and tire iron she wished she had not taken out of her trunk and stepped barefoot in gum while walking back to her car. At an hour-and-a-half late for work, she continued to her office, but she could not make a mile into the journey before red and blue lights flashed in her rear-view window and the wail of a siren called for her to pull over for the police.
“License and registration—” The officer lowered his glasses. “Is that a tampon in your nose?”
“Officer, please, I’ve been having the worst morning,” Trecille said as she handed over her identification. “I know I didn’t get my license plate tabs yet, but I was going to do it after I got to work, I swear. I got tabs for my other car, but my daughters took that one. Why they left without waking me, I don’t know, but I’m gonna get the tabs for this car. Can’t you please just overlook this?”
“License plate tabs? I just wanted to tell you that you that you had a busted taillight, but oh, well.” The officer wrote two tickets and handed them over. “Have a nice day and, you might wanna do something about your... everything.”
Trecille sat still as the officer left her with the tickets in her hand and a face filled with disbelief. Slowly, she crunched the paper into her fist while her face crunched into a snarl. She felt too exhausted to be angry, but her blood found no difficulty in boiling up the savagery to be completely mad, and like the rage of the basest beast or the feral surge of magma within the earth she erupted into the most heated and ferocious shriek. “I... hate... the achaques!”
“Now, here’s a throwback to take the blues out of this Tuesday morning,” said the disc jockey on the car stereo. “We’ve got that 50 Cent ‘In Da Club’. Go ‘head and party like it’s your birthday.”
The music started up and Trecille punched a silencing hole into the radio, siring forth smoke and sparks. Pouting, she sunk into her seat and folded her arms. “I hate 50 Cent, too.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The elevator doors parted and Trecille shuffled slouching out into the reception area of the top floor of her office building where her assistant, Steffennie, was waiting with a woman at her side.
“There you are, Ms. Cordova.  I’ve been calling—” Steffennie took in the angered, distant, barefoot and frazzled nature of her boss as she breezed past without a hint of eye contact on her way to her office. She and the woman followed behind with hopes of getting an explanation for her disarray. “Oh, my God, Ms. Cordova, what happened? You look horrible... and bumpy... and is that a—?”
“Yes, it’s a tampon! I should buy stock in them with the way I’ve been going through them. How does my body even have this much blood in it?”
“Your nose has been bleeding that badly?”
“No, this is the first one in my nose. Honestly, Steff, I really hope you appreciate your huevos.” Trecille tossed a gaze to the anonymous woman. “Who’s this little girl? She looks familiar.” She sneezed.
The woman hurried her walk to match Trecille’s pace and put her hand out for a salutatory shake that Trecille did not accept. The woman put her hand down but kept her smile. “I’m Friday Knight, the newest member of Stelletta’s in-house ad agency. I’ve been assigned to your label as marketing representative. And maybe you may recognize me from seeing me with Luis Quezada—Jizzelle’s father. I understand she and your daughter are friends. I’m his new girlfriend.”
Trecille sneezed. “You look young.”
“Bless you. And I‘m 23, but I’m very professional and I have impeccable references and credentials. With my B.A. in Sociology from Spelman College, I promise I’ll give you the most cutting-edge advertisements ever. Using comprehension of human behavior, Luquillo Camino ads will become the criterion by which future designers get their inspiration. Oh, and I’m actually wearing LC jeans, right now, and they are so amazingly comfortable. You did a great job, Ms. Cordova.”
“Super,” Trecille said flatly. “Estos putas jóvenes.”
“Excuse me?”
“So, Ms. Cordova,” Steffennie said, knowing the translation of the aspersion Trecille had just spoken, “I can see that you have had a pretty rough morning, but I think it’s safe to say that from here on out things will be a little more brighter for you. I’ve got a really good feeling.”
“You know what would make it brighter? If I could have peace and quiet for the remainder of the day, which means that by any means necessary, no one even think of  mentioning my bir’day.”
“Happy birthday, Trecille!”
The woman was steps from locking herself in the sanctuary of her office, but Felicia and resident spokesmodel London McLaren assembled from each side of the hall to form a blockade of smiles with a massive seven-layer cake adorned with sparklers. 
“Oh, my God, you look like troll road kill,” said Felicia.
Trecille burst into tears and pushed past the ladies to run into the room.
“Felicia!” Steffennie cried.
“What? She does. And it’s not like I haven’t said worse things.”
“But not on her birthday.” Steffennie led the ladies into the office where Trecille had set herself down at her desk to sob with her face buried in her arms. Steffennie came to her side and put an arm around her shoulders. “Felicia didn’t mean it, Ms. Cordova. You just need a touch-up. Our cosmetologists can handle it.”
“It’s not Felicia,” Trecille said, muffled.
“Then, what’s wrong? You love celebrating your birthday. Is it the cake?”
“No.”
“Is it me?” asked Friday.
“No.”
“Is it just a crappy morning?” London asked.
“No.”
“Is it ‘cause you pronounce birthday weird?” asked Felicia.
“No.”
“Then, what is it?”
Trecille whipped her head up from the desk and cried, “It’s the achaques!” She sneezed, and blasted the tampon from her face.
“What are the achaques ah choo?” asked London.
Trecille wiped her nose on her jacket sleeve. “The girls on the Puerto Rican side of my family, when we turn 36, we all go through this change called the achaques. It’s a rare condition—”
“This day and age to read any good news on the newspaper page,” London happily sung.
Trecille shot the girl a glare that sent her into cowering.
“Sorry,” London said. “I just really like that song.”
“Anyway, the achaques is the point between the first period and menopause, and the body goes through all of these horrible changes like hives and sneezes and rapidly graying hair and all this other stuff. My sisters Reilene and Angelina went through it and it only lasts for about a day or two.”
“Well, that’s good. At least it’s only for two days. There’s no reason to be so sad about it,” Steffennie said.
“But you don’t get it! This isn’t about the fact that my body’s being gross or that I’m just having the worst morning on top of it. Going through the achaques means I’m old and about to die. Why would I celebrate that?” Trecille sneezed. “And the one day when I wanna try not to look my worst, my iron stops working. So now, I just look like a hobo witch.” Friday opened her mouth with intent to speak but a pointing of Trecille’s finger silenced her. “Don’t you dare make an ironing irony joke,” she said.
“Ms. Cordova, 36 isn’t really that old—parenthesis, outside of California, close parentheses,” said London.
“Actually, by Disney Starlet Age Conversion Standards 36 is the new 41. So technically, she’s already over the hill.”
Trecille burst into an even louder cry and covered her face.
“Felicia!” Steffennie cried.
“What?! Have you even seen Miley Cyrus? When Dolly Parton played her grandma on Hannah Montana, Miley looked like the old one. And don’t get me started on Lindsay Lohan.”
“You know what you need, Ms. Cordova?” said Friday. “How about a real good joke?”
Trecille tossed a leer to the woman brimming with glee. “What did I just tell you? Just leave me alone.”
“No, I promise this is a good one. This is the one that always got them back at Spelman. Okay, here it is. How did Opus Dei get Dan Brown suspended from school?” She held silence to build some anticipation though Trecille’s face evinced no enthusiasm. Still, she confidently carried on. “They said Dan lied about having the Da Vinci... cold.” She laughed. “Get it? Code... cold? It’s a pun.”
Trecille laughed with wild sarcasm. “Well, ain’t that Barney the dinosaur’s kind of special. That’s some gold star stuff. I bet you got a check-plus in everything back at school, huh?” She shot up out of her chair. “Do you think this is a freakin’ game?! I will punch you in your nephrons!” She sat back down and sulked.
“You know what you really need, Ms. Cordova?” London said. “You should get a happy meal from McDonald’s. I mean kids are always so happy and content with watching low complexity shows like Little Bear. Then, they become pre-teens and start eating from the regular menu. Then, they start demanding intricate storylines in their entertainment and the next thing you know: Columbine.”
The company stood with disgusted bewilderment at the girl.
“I know I blew your mind and it’s okay. I understand, because I just figured this out a few months ago. My point is that adults can eat kids’ meals. It seems like a paradox because the meal is for kids therefore an adult eating it would negate its infantile aspect, but then I realized that they ‘cir-sumvented’ that by naming it a happy meal, ergo it’s not confined to an age. Hence, happiness can be consumed at any age. It’s so simple. I mean sometimes I wish the world thought like me, maybe it’d be a happier place.”
“No, it would not be a happier place,” Trecille said. “A lot of the things you say make me very angry. I’m two seconds to a mental breakdown, and you are just hammering away at my nerves.”
“You’re only proving my theory, Ms. Cordova.”
Trecille lunged over her desk at the woman, but halted her grasp when she noticed the arrival of her supervisor.
“Sorry, I’m late, babies,” said Ms. di Stacci hurrying in with a crew of her helpers carrying a long, white box over their shoulders. “I was having second thoughts on what to get for the birthday girl. I started to pass on to you my first-edition print of I Modi, but then I remembered why I’ve held on to it for so long. But I got you something just as amazing.” The little girls stood the box up and removed the packaging to reveal a tall grandfather clock with ruby hands ticking over numerals running counter-clockwise over a gold face. “It’s a clock I had designed, inspired by the story of Benjamin Button. Even though time’s moving forward, when you look at this clock, I want you to feel like you’re getting younger. Do you love it?”
Trecille watched the second hand move a few clicks forward from eleven from to ten and dropped right back into her sobs.
Ms. di Stacci sent her helpers away and approached Trecille. “Pardon my Diablo Cody, but what’s got you singing Lesley Gore, whore? Would you rather have had the book? It is pretty hot... and invaluable beyond means of explanation. I could get you Eli Roth’s testicles if you want. They’re pretty valuable, too. To me at least.”
“She’s upset because she thinks 36 is old and her body’s doing weird things,” Felicia said.
“Oh, honey, you don’t know what old age is. 36 is nothing to cry over. Believe me, you’re barely a child compared to me.”
“How old are you anyway, Ms. di Stacci?” asked London.
“A number way out of your range of intelligence, dear.”
“Whoa...” London intoned, stupefied by the prospect of large numbers.
“Trecille, honey, this isn’t about getting old, is it? This is about getting old... alone?” Ms. di Stacci said.
Trecille raised her head and looked at Ms. di Stacci with tears of vulnerability staining her face. “It’s not fair,” she whimpered. She sat up straight but kept her head low. “It’s not fair that these men, they don’t want older women or women their age. They want girls like London and and Wednesday.”
“Friday.”
“I mean the only guy I’ve ever been with was Jina’s father.”
“Sixteen years without sex?!” cried Felicia. “No wonder you’re so angry all the time.”
“Being a single mother and trying to get my fashion label off the ground took up every second of my life when Jina was a little girl. And then when I was blessed to get this job with you, Ms. di Stacci, I was so happy but it’s like kryptonite to men. I don’t know what it is about being a successful career woman that just freaks the hell out of them. Is it really that threatening to their egos that I make so much money? Is it ‘cause I’m independent? Is it my age? I just don’t get it. I mean it’s not like I’m asking for much. I just want someone to get me something to eat and watch TV with. Is that too much to ask? I don’t wanna spend my golden years stinkin’ of Elizabeth Taylor perfume, drinkin’ red wine from a lipstick-stained glass, and a kitchen full of renovators just so it feels like I have a man in the house.”
“You can throw a bunch of parties like in Gatsby,” Friday said.
“Or maybe you should take more Facebook photos,” London said. “Guys love talking to women over Facebook. Here, I’ll get you started.” London took out her mobile phone and took a picture. “Hashtag, team Puerto Rico. Hashtag, team big areolas probably.”
“Ms. Cordova, you’ve just gotta keep looking,” Steffennie said. “Felicia’s a successful career woman and she found a husband.”
“Felicia’s in her 20s. She blew her way to a wedding band with her first husband and I’m sure her current one doesn’t mind having the young and petite arm candy.”
“It’s true,” said Felicia. “I think he gets off on the fact that I’m, like, ten years older than his daughter. It’s kinda kinky, but we do love each other.”
“And Friday and London’s guys. They’re both divorced and in their forties and fifties. Do they go looking for established women around their age or do they go for fresh-faced debutantes with the squeaky-tight vaginas?” Trecille sneezed.
“Ms. Cordova, I know this is my first day working here, and I’d hate to get on your bad side. Seriously. But I don’t like what you’re saying about my relationship,” Friday said. “Love can transcend all types of things, especially age. And I love Luis. He loves me, too. It’s not about some sort of ego-trip on his part or gold-digging on my part. And I’m sure it’s the same for London.”
“I guess,” said London. “I’m sure I know my sugar papa’s credit card numbers, but I always forget his name. He forgets my name, too, sometimes. He always calls me ‘side-chick’ and I don’t know if that’s a nickname ‘cause I said I’ll always be at his side, or if he just doesn’t remember my name. He is kinda old, and kinda married, and kinda lives in Atlanta. But I think I love him.”
“The point is that when a woman reaches my age, it’s like she’s day-old donuts,” Trecille said. “I just wish that I could go back to when I was a teenager when Robert and I were living like Martin and Gina. He was my first and only love and I do still kinda wish we could’ve gotten married like we had planned.” She sighed. “I wish I could just go back to 1992 when stuff was simpler. When we didn’t have all these social networks to let us know how stupid our country was.”
“1992? Ew, why?” said London. “That was a bad era for black men. They were just wrapping up that New Jack Swing stuff. And have you seen those videos? It’s like the floodgates opened and every unattractive greaseball with a thick mustache and a cheap-cut suit ran through. And all the other ones looked like what’s-his-name from A Different World. Those flip-up glasses and those ill-fitting sports team clothes and short-shorts and everything. And computers were black and green and stuff. Everything was  ‘eww’.”
“Can someone please staple this cochina’s mouth shut?” said Trecille. “Seriously, why is she still on my payroll?”
“Forget her. Your problem is that you’re wearing your age and achievements like anchors when you should be wearing them with honor,” said Ms. di Stacci. “Think of what you’re going through as the point before you become a butterfly. Be proud of all of these changes.”
“I should be proud of shedding and random bloating?” Trecille sneezed and her stomach violently engorged. It slowly returned to its normal size.
“It’s a complicated kind of pride, sorta like the sense of pride I get from the fact that I funded the earlier part of Sabrina Salerno’s music career. Have you seen the ‘Summertime Love’ music video? That was my idea. But what I mean is that you shouldn’t give up on finding your true love at any age, bella. At any moment, amore can sneak up on you and hit your eye like a big pizza pie, or a bad joke about Italian domestic abuse. I should know. I loved once. But it was a long, long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.”
“I think she’s telling you to go be a cougar,” said London.
“I agree with the ditz. Turn the tables on these guys,” said Felicia. “If they’re going after younger women. Why not go after a younger guy? Madonna did it, Tina Turner did it. Queen of the cougars, Demi Moore did it. It’s not even a big deal these days.”
“I couldn’t see myself with a younger guy. I always pictured myself marrying someone my age or older. I’ve just always thought I’d feel... I don’t know... eased with an older guy. I’ve been on my own since 16. I’ve been a mother since 18. A business owner since 28. I want someone to take care of me for once.”
“We understand, but we’re just saying to keep your options open. You could definitely rope in a nice hottie with your body. And you know every man loves the Latin accent,” Felicia said.
“Or the Italian accent,” said Ms. di Stacci.
“Or the side-chick accent,” said London.
“Or the Swedish accent,” said Steffennie.
“Not really, Steffennie,” said Felicia. “When you speak, it sounds like your top teeth are afraid to leave the bottom row.”
As Steffennie sent a grimace to Felicia, Trecille sat with a bit of a renewed smile. “You guys are right. I’ve got so much to offer, there’s no way I can’t find a guy who will treat me like the queen I am. And I should be having fun on my bir’day, not letting some bad luck or the achaques ruin everything. I mean—” She sneezed and blood shot from the inner corners of her eyes. “Oh, my God! Oh, my God! It freakin' hurts!”
“Ms. Cordova, are you okay?” said Friday.
“No, estupida! My face is broken! They didn’t teach you at your bougie college that eyes don’t shoot blood?” Trecille sneezed again and a thick glob of blood splattered across her desk to mix with gray hairs from her head.
“Do you want Steffennie and me to get you a tissue?”
“Dammit! I just wanna be alone, right now! Just leave... me... alone.” Catching with her hands the gooey streams running from her eyes and nose, Trecille rose from her desk and dashed past her boss. “I’m taking today off, Ms. di Stacci.”
“Feel better, honey.”
As soon as Trecille fell out of earshot, Felicia let out a relived sigh. “I swear if I ever I needed a reason to be proud to be married, it’s now. That has to be the most pathetic thing I have ever seen.”
“Can you try to be sensitive?” Steffennie said. “I may not ever go through what she’s going through, but it’s obvious that these changes are affecting her more than just physically. She needs our support.”
“First, she put pigs in my car so she’s dead to me already. And secondly, it’s just a mid-life crisis; she’ll get over it. I hate to say it, but women blow things way out of proportion sometimes. Henrik Ibsen and Terry McMillan made that clear. But there’s nothing we can do about the achaques. Old people do gross things. It happens. No offense, Ms. di Stacci.”
“None taken, bella. But you’ll soon find out the gross things a pregnant woman’s body does: the hemorrhoids, and discharges, the odors and the nausea. Ms. Cordova’s been through all of that and maybe she could help you through it. Just saying.” She gave Felicia a pat on the stomach and left her to her thoughts.
London gasped out of the silence. “OMG! I just got Friday’s joke! It was referencing the stuff that people criticized about Dan Brown’s book ‘cause Opus Dei didn’t actually contain monks like he said in The Da Vinci Code. He just did it to make his fictional story more interesting therefore the punchline is centering around his fabrication of truths for self-beneficiary reasons.” She laughed. “That was a good one.”
Friday, Felicia, and Steffennie all stood stunned.
“It almost went over my head but then I remembered when my teacher took me to go see that movie and he explained it to me when I was giving him a handjob in the parking lot afterward. He always said I was his favorite student, but when I think about it he said that to a lot of my classmates.”
Felicia threw her hands up and shook her head. “These young girls... I can’t....”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Crystal chandeliers held dim lights over orders of large round tables dressed in white cloths. And set before the decorous patrons were the most polished silver, stemware, and china to present the restaurant menu’s rarities and delicacies in optimal grandeur. Soft orchestral music drifted like perfume from cream-colored wall to wall, dancing along the smooth carpet, mixed with the murmurs of Gardenia Hills’s high society. It twisted around the deep red and gold pillars, windows and ornamentation around the room leaving an air of such elegance and poise, but Tomika found it difficult to enjoy the atmosphere even with hand-crafted velvet-lined chairs caressing the carriage of her and Jina at the grand table at which they sat in waiting.
“I wish mom would hurry up and get here,” said Tomika with a shadow of anxiety showing in her wandering glances and inability keep her hands idle. “I mean I didn’t think much of this thing at first, but then it dawned on me: I’d be the same way if the roles were reversed. It would be hard for me to be with anyone that my mother didn’t approve of. I’m not saying it makes or breaks a relationship, but animosity between the two important women in a man’s life always results in a strain between the guy and the girlfriend. A mother’s opinion is important like that, and if I screw this night up it might be the catalyst for a breakup in the future.”
“Tomika, you’re stressing over nothing,” said Jina who was sitting lax in her seat, clacking away at her mobile phone. “Marc’s mom is gonna love you, and if things come to the worst you know I’ve got your back. Just sip some water and chill, baby sister.”
“All right,” said Tomika reluctantly. She scooped up her glass and began guzzling down the drink.
Jina glanced up from her phone’s screen and saw Marc with his mother, an elderly man, a pair of young identical girls and a tall guy checking in at the restaurant’s door with the steward. “Oh, look, I think they’re here.”
Tomika choked on her gulp and fell into a hacking cough. “Oh my goddess, I’m not chill, Jina. I’m not chill. What do I do? How’s my hair? Anything in my nose? Dammit, I’m not ready!”
“Just be yourself.”
“That’s the problem!” Tomika took in a sharp breath. “All right, I’m good. I’m good.” She took another breath and tried to relax her body. Then, she put it into dignified posture. But, inside, her veins were tightening with every step Marc’s family made closer to the table. She painted on a smile and rose with her sister to give Marc a greeting kiss.
“Tomika, you remember my mom Joely, my sisters Quinn and Quinn I told you about, and this is my older brother Will. Oh yeah, and this is Grandpa... ‘cause mom felt so compelled to bring him along at the last second.”
“Well, why wouldn’t I want to bring my father along, Marc?” said Joely in response to the obvious scorn at the end of her son’s sentence. “He should meet your girlfriend, too.”
“Yeah, it’s okay, Marc,” said Tomika. “It’s so nice to meet all of you. This is my half-sister Jina and my mom—”
“Shut up, you negro. Shouldn’t you be in the back anyway?”
Jina and Tomika both dropped into a searing glare of offense at the man. They snapped their necks back in warning.
“You’ll have to excuse Grandpa,” said Quinn One quickly.
“He had an experimental procedure done for his Alzheimer’s treatment,” said Quinn Two.
“And now he has chronic bigotry,” said Quinn One.
“I don’t need you to speak for me, you snow bunnies. I don’t need to explain myself to any of you honkies. Where’s that slant-eye with those menus? I’m hungry.”
“Well, I can see where this is going. It was a pleasure meeting you guys, but we’ve got to be getting home before the boll weevils ruin our flower beds again. You know how southern conservative Democrats are.” Tomika grabbed Jina’s arm and pulled her away from the table.
“Tomika, sit,” said Joely. “Don’t let him ruin the night for you.”
“No, I really think we should go. I came here with the intent of having a civilized dinner, but I see you still want to play games. I ain’t here for that bull-jive.”
“I promise I didn’t bring my father here to antagonize you. I just don’t want to leave him alone in case he has another relapse.” Joely laid her head on the man’s shoulder and ingratiatingly poked her lips out. “You wouldn’t abandon your father just because he had a little problem, would you?”
“Stop talking about me like I’m not here, cracker witch.”
“Just ignore him,” Will said. “It’s what we all do.”
Reluctantly, Tomika did sit and Jina did the same.
The waiter approached the table. “Sorry about the wait; we’re a little shorthanded tonight.”
“What, you got a bunch of midgets working back there?” said  Grandpa. “Tell them to keep their little fingers off of my food ‘cause there’s nothing worse than a midget. Except a retarded one. Make sure no retards or women touch my food. Matter of fact—”
“Grandpa!” Marc shouted. “Please. Don’t say another word tonight. Just shut up.”
“Don’t take that tone with your grandfather,” Joely said. “I just got done explaining that he has an issue that we need to accept.”
“Mom, don’t even start with me because Tomika’s right. All I wanted was for you to give Tomika a chance and then you go and pull a sabotage like this. I just asked that if I was going to support this family, then you could at least support my decisions.”
“I am supporting you. I’m here, aren’t I? And you said bring the family, so I brought the family. Grandpa is part of the family.”
“You know what... fine. Whatever.”
The waiter slowly backed away. “Um... why don’t I just come back later?” He turned to run back to the kitchen.
“Well, Tomika, since my son is so adamant about getting me to understand your greatness, explain to me what it is about you that could make him uproot his family from Canada and leave a show that paid a steady $2.5 million per episode. What about you is worth that?”
“Ain’t a negro out there worth a nickel,” said Grandpa.
Tomika tossed a disgusting glance to the man and looked at Joely. “Well, Ms. Kearney, I think I’m worth way beyond more than what Marc made on his show. Money is most certainly important, but as we can see with Howard Hughes, it can only do so much for you before you start going rogue on fork sizes.”
“So, is that your thing? You just name drop celebrities and pop culture references relevant to a situation? What, did you learn how to be clever from Cracked.com’s Guide to Seth MacFarlane?”
“I could’ve put my thoughts in a freestyle rap, but I didn’t want to give Grandpa Jim Crow any more material than what he already has to work with. I mean I was planning on ordering the chicken before his provincialism scared the waiter away. Oh, and by the way, I like your clever way of describing my quips. It was positively original.”
“Ooh... burn notice,” said Quinn One.
“So, you honestly would not pick money over Marc?”
“I grew up underprivileged so I can make do without money, and consequently I know the value of a dollar. I’m not one of the girls who needs to have the latest anything. That’s my sister.”
“Guilty,” said Jina with a polite titter.
“But when it comes to Marc, the feeling he gives me is too special to live without. And he makes me feel okay saying cheesy crap like that. He makes me feel different from what I’ve felt these past few years, and that’s the only thing I need. I didn’t fall in love with his money. I didn’t even know who he was when we met and I still haven’t really familiarized myself with his show. Honestly, from what I have seen, though, I think it’s kinda lame.”
“And even as much as I love my show, I told her that her opinion is the best thing I have ever heard from a girl. I told her I don’t wanna be with some lovesick fan like all of those girls who chased me in Canada, and I don’t want some some wind-up-doll-fame-whore-rich-girl like Danielle. I wanted someone intelligent, someone with an honest opinion, the courage to use both and a beautiful body to put it all in. That’s Tomika.”
“Oh, my god, so adorable,” Quinn Two said.
“That’s Danielle if you give her a chance,” said Joely in a groan. “She can be all the things you described along with the career that would keep you stable. Was there really anything so wrong with her that you just needed to throw away your career for this girl?”
“I don’t know why you’re defending that bitch with the creepy master-race blonde hair and blue eyes.” said Grandpa. “That ain’t natural. She’s just a big, ugly mutation.”
“Her hair is dyed and her eyes are gray, Grandpa,” said Will.
“God, I can’t believe you. I knew you were gonna do this,” said Marc to Joely. “You promised you were gonna be open-minded this time, but you refuse to take Danielle off of this pedestal you think she belongs on. You know the show was already thinking about replacing us because of Danielle. Stop acting like I even threw away anything, ‘cause it’s her fault that I’m not on the show anymore.”
“Wait, wait, you didn’t give up being on the show to be with me?” Tomika asked.
“Yeah... I, uh... I meant to tell you that,” Marc said, rubbing the back of his head sheepishly. “When I told you I’d give up being on the show to be with you, there was already a chance I was off the show anyway.”
“I mean I’m not mad. It just really devalues the grand romantic gesture back at the fountain,” Tomika said.
“I promise I’ll make it up to you.”
“See! You don’t really care about this girl,” Joely said. “I just don't get it. Are you dating her just to spite me? What did I do for all of you kids to hate me?”
“Mom, don’t talk to me about caring because the worst part of all of this is that you think you’re being this great mother and caring about who or what’s best for me when you know your main concern is the money. All you do is sit around in your pajamas and spend my money on Internet orders.”
“How dare you? How dare you?! You don’t know a damn thing about what I’m feeling; you just don’t care. My main concern is this family. It’s all I cared about since your father left.”
“Oh, right, of course. Because you totally cared when you were drinking and gambling away your paychecks. I saved this family, and you still have the audacity to look down on every decision I make. And what’s worse is that I kept letting your opinion matter. I keep giving you chances to fix yourself and finally be a mother and you keep screwing up. I don’t know why I even try anymore.”
“Lower your voice, Marc. People are staring at me.”
“People have been staring since Grandpa said the valet was a credit to his race. You just want to keep running from the fact that you screwed up as a parent, and now you think you’re making up for it. If you want to fix your mistakes, wake up and realize that the best thing for me isn’t being on the show with Danielle, it’s simply understanding why I love Tomika. That’s how a parent supports its child. That’s what Tomika’s mother did for her and she’s not even blood to her.”
Joely stood and flung her fork at Marc who halted any damage with his arm. “Why do you insist on comparing me to that woman I’m sorry I didn’t become some famous, multimillionaire mogul. That’s great for her, but do not tell me about supporting you all. I sacrificed so much for you when your father left and if I needed a drink every now and then to keep me from killing myself, then I’m sorry. But I am not going to sit here and let you tell me what I did not do for you kids. You wouldn’t have had the choice of leaving Canada if I did not take you to that audition and drive you back and forth to the set to make those episodes when you started. You owe me.”
“I owe— I owe you?!”
“Yes, you owe me. And you can start with an apology.”
“Marc, mom, calm down, please,” said Quinn Two.
“What the hell is wrong with you, mom? I mean do you ever hear yourself speak or do you just force yourself to stay in a state of delusion? How is putting everyone in a mansion, keeping food in the fridge, keeping clothes on your back and buying every other menial trinket you needed not a thank you? Yeah, dad left, and it seemed like I took his place when he left.”
The restaurant’s manager ran up to the table and thrust himself between the two. In his quick Jamaican articulation said, “’Scuse me, but we receive complaint ‘bout’cha party. We need’chu gwan you no quiet down. You hear me?”
With her eyes locked on Marc’s, Joely took a breath to cool her temper. “I was just leaving, anyway. Have fun with that girl and her perfect mother.” She started her walk to the door, but the arrival of a towering mess stopped her in her steps.
“Hola, chicas! The bir’day bitch is here!” Trecille said, slurring. “Take a look at this star, but don’t stare for too long ‘cause you might hurt your eyes. Hello!”
Tomika and Jina's eyes grew wide. They swung their sight over and took no longer than a second to know that embarrassment had been rightly set into their stomachs. In diamond-studded, stiletto high-heel shoes; sunglasses; and golden blonde hair sweeping over a black, backless dress with a drastically plunging neckline; and a miniskirt was Trecille who was stumbling her way across the room, all the while obliviously lost in the stares she was receiving from the patrons. Every tattoo from her shoulder to wrist was visible as she gave little waves and kisses to the gasping people. But no one could ever be more shocked than her daughters sitting frozen and mortified.
“Jina, please tell me that this woman did not just come in here at the worst possible time looking like the Rock of Love anniversary special,” Tomika said. “Please tell me I am not seeing this. Please tell me this is not happening.”
“Who’s the wetback with the big rack?” said Grandpa.
“I think Grandpa just confirmed it’s happening, baby sister.”
“Sorry I’m late, er’ybody,” Trecille said. “I was getting a wax and I lost track of time. But good news is that the next guy I meet, he’s cleared for... for... whatever the joke is about my trimmed up vagina.” She threw herself into Marc’s arms. “Gimme a bir’day kiss.” She pursed her lips and sucked on his cheek. “Don’t get the wrong idea. I like you, but you’re too young to be gettin’ all up in this.”
“I think you need to go home, Ms. Cordova,” said Marc as he strained to put the woman back onto her own weight.
“I’m not going anywhere until I get a cake. And I like cake how I like my men: big and chocolate and... a nice verga.”
Tomika and Jina both winced and covered their shamed faces.
“And we will certainly bring you some cake,” said Joely whose lips had curled up into a smile at the sense of reprisal. “I’m Joely—Marc’s mother. It’s so nice to see you. I mean we were just talking about you and then you just showed up. Right on cue I could say.”
“Mom, don’t do this,” Will said.
“What do you mean? I’m just being cordial. How rude would it be for me to walk out on our guest of honor, especially when she’s in such a party mode.” Joely reclaimed her seat at the table. “Isn’t that right, Trecille?”
“Party mode! Lemme tell you something, Joely-Marc’s-mother. Let me tell you something. You’re so frickin’ fetch. So goddamned pretty. I mean it. I’d kiss you if I was marimacho.” Trecille crawled onto the table and sprawled herself out. “Now, pour some vino in my mouth. I wanna get wasted!”
“Don’t you think you’re wasted enough?” said Tomika. “Get off the table and let’s go before you embarrass us more than you have. You know there’s nothing more pathetic than an old woman trying to act young. Look at Diana Ross in The Wiz.”
“I’m not drunk, I just took an annie-hissa-men for mi achaques and now I... feel... great!” Trecille slipped into a roll of laughter and fluttered her arms up and down the table, knocking the dishes and silverware out of their places. “Because the greatest... love of all... is happening to meeee!” she sung off-key at the top of her lungs.
The restaurant’s manager re-emerged furiously. “I warn about da noise at the table, but you wouldn’t listen. The party done. Get the hell out my restaurant. Out, out now!”
Trecille pushed herself to turn over onto her hands and knees to meet with the man’s face. “I... am not going anywhere until I get my cake, ‘cause I... woke up this morning thinkin’ 36 was old maid age, but now I see I’m just as young as ever. I dress like the young people, talk like them, and party like them too... porque soy joven... and I dance like the young people, too. Now everyone celebrate my bir’day while I do the... the Fat Albert flip-flop.” She stood up on her knees and began to sway. And like her spine had deserted her body, she went into a slump and fell off of the table to loll over the floor with her arms and legs running from each other.
Joely cocked her head past the dismayed looks. “I guess she can flash her lady business like young people, too.” She cackled with a satiated sense of pleasure.
Tomika gently raised a finger. “Check, please.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Trecille opened her eyes and found that she was stretched out on the couch in the familiar scene of her family room. She could gather without a look at the clock that it was nighttime, but details other than that were guarded. Still in her outfit from the night out, she sat up and found Tomika in the armchair and Jina sitting on the loveseat, both watching the television. She blew a deep breath to help clear the fog from her memory and she was left with a vivid image of the hour ago ready for penitence. “I ruined tonight, didn’t I, chicas?”
“You were more like a coup de grace gunshot during a bout of police brutality,” said Tomika. “The night was going badly before you got there.”
“Things didn’t go well with Marc’s mother?”
“Aside from your added state of page six messiness, everything went like I thought they would. I’m not surprised or disappointed. Just embarrassed.”
“We’re more concerned about you anyway, mamí,” Jina said. “And we need a concrete answer for all of the blogs that have been e-mailing us. Cameras on phones are really a gift and a curse.”
“Is it that bad?”
“Remember when you tried to return that DVD player to Best Buy and they wouldn’t take it, and they said you should’ve read the return policy on the back of the receipt? And you said ‘who can see that light-ass crap?’ Then you said ‘read my fist’ and you punched them, and they had security escort you out and banned you?”
“That bad?”
“That bad, mom.”
“But the modified ‘Stacy’s Mom’ jokes have started to peter off on our Facebook walls, so I guess we’ll be okay by tomorrow.”
Trecille sunk deeper into her seat and sorrow. “I’m sorry. The more I kept thinking about what this point in my life meant, the more I couldn’t handle it. Being 36 and unmarried and running my business, it seemed like it was over for my love-life. My co-workers told me that there was nothing to worry about and that I shouldn’t feel old, and I guess I went overboard with the clothes and the hair and everything. And, on top of that, I kept taking the allergy pills to stop my sneezes and hives and went overboard with that, too. Tonight was just a bad mix of medicine and a mid-life crisis. But now I understand that there are things you just can’t control in life and you just make the best of them. That’s what aging gracefully means, and if a husband isn’t a part of that then I can always count on my girls. As pathetic as that is.”
Tomika and Jina joined Trecille on the couch. “It’s not pathetic,” said Jina. “You shouldn’t think of your family’s love as a fall-back plan. When you’re trippin’ the hell out at an upscale restaurant in a blonde wig, we’ll be the first ones to forgive you.”
Tomika nodded.
“Thank you, girls, And I wish I could say this is a wig, but I actually dyed it.”
“What hairstylist would do your hair when your judgment was as impaired as it was?”
“Actually, I got the makeover before the medicine.”
“Oh... oh, wow, this crisis hit you hard, didn’t it? At least you didn’t run off and buy an expensive car or something.”
Trecille chuckled sheepishly. “Actually, I bought two. Two new, impractically stocked cars. They should be here pretty soon.”
Jina and Tomika could only laugh as they disdainfully shook their heads. “Happy birthday, mom,” said Tomika. “You still want that cake you were freaking out about?”
“I’m actually more in the mood for pizza... or tacos... or gyros. Whatever. I just wanna eat.”
“Pizza sounds good,” said Jina.
“I’ll grab a hat and jacket and we’ll hurry to the place before it closes.” Trecille pulled her hair up into a bun and ushered the girls from the couch to the front door where she pulled a jacket and hat from the closet nearby. Jina opened the front door and right on the other side was Marc who had just took a step onto the porch.
“Wow, great timing, Jina,” Marc said. “I just wanted to stop by to see how your mom was doing.”
“I’m fine. Thank you for your concern, Marc,” Trecille said.
“Were you getting ready to go somewhere? I kinda wanted to talk to Tomika.”
“Is it all right if just you and Jina go on ahead?” Tomika said.
“Yeah, you know where we’ll be. But don’t let me come back here and catch you all doing something nasty, okay? I don’t want to be a grandmother by my next birthday.”
“All I heard was use birth control,” said Tomika.
“I’m not playing with you, coneja.”
“Relax, I was just joking. Monastery rules, I get it.”
Trecille gave Tomika a stern eye to seal her warning and went to her car parked in the driveway. Jina went to the passenger seat. Under the shine of the porch’s light, Tomika and Marc sat beside each other on opposite sides of the cool concrete.
“You doing okay?” Marc said.
“As happy as a two-week-old fly. What about you? It got kinda serious between you and your mom back there. It was a little scary seeing you get so angry like that. I thought Canadians were supposed to be perpetually chill. ...Well, except for Sum 41, I guess.”
“I’m sorry I raged back there. My mom had just been showing so much change and I thought she would’ve been open to you and everything, but I guess she’ll always be that socialite wannabe. It’s why I just couldn’t be with Danielle. She and my mom are too alike and that’s why she pushed for us to be together. Danielle’s the girl my mom wishes she could’ve been when she was a teenager, and it just weirds me out, you know?”
“The ironic thing is that Danielle’s been pretty mature dealing with our relationship. She’s not the same person from the summer, and truthfully, I gotta admit... your mom was right about her being smart and pretty and talented and—”
“Hey, hey! I don’t want you to feel like you’re in competition with Danielle. She’s a good friend, but you’re my girlfriend and as much as I love my mother I’m not gonna let anything she says change how I feel about you. You shouldn’t either, okay? I mean it's up to you if you wanna keep this relationship going knowing I'm bringing so much baggage to the table, but this girl sitting right here with a semiotic way of showing emotion—and sometimes forgets to study for important tests—this is the girl I will always love. How did you do on the test anyway?”
Tomika went into a small chuckle and moved closer to Marc. He put his arm around her as she rested her head on his shoulder. “Let’s just say the formula for ellipticity can be used to determine how much the shape of my grade deviates from a perfect circle.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Tomika held up a zero made by her index finger and thumb. “I swear sitting in that class is like picking dry deodorant crumbs from armpit hair. It’s just torture.”
“Aw, it’s okay. One class is nothing to feel bad over.”
“I know. I’m more concerned with chemistry anyway. ‘Cause you and I, we’re like hydrogen.”
Marc chuckled. “How? What makes us like hydrogen?”
“What do you mean how? Hydrogen’s a diatomic element.”
“Meaning...?”
Tomika pushed herself out of Marc’s hold. “Dammit, Marc, I’m trying to tell you I love you, and your stupidity’s killing the mood. You should know what I mean when I mention diatomic elements. It’s in the frakkin’ name.”
“How am I the stupid one? You’re the one who just failed her Celestial Mechanics test.”
“It’s a goddamned physics test, Marc. Cut me a break. I mean chemistry’s, like, tenth grade. There’s no reason why you shouldn’t know what I was talking about.”
“Just because I don’t remem— Wait, what did you say?” Marc’s demeanor loosened to a calm. “Did you say you love me?”
Tomika kept her sight to her feet and her back to Marc. “Yeah. Maybe. I guess. I don’t know.”
“You did, didn’t you? You said you love me. What changed it from a ‘strong like’?”
“I guess it was just seeing how you care about me, the way you were defending me. I just trust you a bit more, I guess. And I guess that can turn ‘strong like’ into ‘real love’.”
“Do you mean Mary-J.-Blige-baseball-jersey real love, or Jody-Watley-serif-font real love?”
“John-Lennon-playing-piano real love.”
“Whoa. That serious, huh?”
Tomika nodded. “Yeah.”
 “Well, I John-Lennon-playing-piano-real-love you, too.” Marc chuckled. “That didn’t sound as romantic as it could’ve.”
Tomika looked to Marc, her eyes shone like the sky. “It’s okay. I know you got me.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Jina and Trecille bid goodbye to the savory wisp of baking and buttered bread and peppers as they left the pizza restaurant. And though their hunger was more than piqued, the call of glistening pepperoni laying in creamy cheese on tender crust from within the stack of boxes they held sent their salivating into abundance. But the satiating of their palates would wait the car ride back home.
“Mamí,” Jina said, “am I gonna go through the achaques?”
“It’s likely, coquí. But the bigger question is where’s my bir’day gift from you and your sister. I mean did you two even get me a card or something?”
“We sent you an e-card. Didn’t you check your mail?”
“No, I didn’t check my mail. I was too busy being depressed. I just wanted to go home, lie in bed and watch Three’s Company til I died like Joyce DeWitt’s career. Notice that I didn’t mention John Ritter. God rest his soul.”
“Uh... yeah.” Jina’s face was flat as she slid her eyes to the side.
“But, like I said, everything’s fine. I got a new attitude. And if my breasts wanna go ahead and get all saggy, I’m not gonna bother hol—” Trecille paused as if a supernatural force had taken hold of her mouth and forced it to remain open while her head reared back and eyelids slipped closed. “Ah... ahchoooo!”
“Oh, my god!” Jina screamed at the size of the splatter the sneeze left on the windshield and the remainder around Trecille’s eyes, nose and mouth. “Is that supposed to happen?”
“Holy crap!” Trecille yelped at notice of the magnitude of the dark red load left smeared and dripping down the glass, impairing her sight of the road. She slammed on the brakes and immediately felt the jolt of an impact from a vehicle behind them. “Goddammit! Can this day get any worse?” She smacked her fist on the steering wheel and the airbag rapidly deployed to shove her deeply into the contour of the seat. “You saw that coming, didn’t you?”
“Kinda.”
Trecille sighed and got out of her truck to examine the cost of damage done between her tail lights, dented bumper and the other car’s shattered headlights and hood left scrunched up like a sheet of paper. Then, a passing flash caught her attention.
“You keep me in business, Cordova!” called a man from his car on the other side of the road. He held a camera out of his window as he sped away cackling.
“Dammit! You know who that was? That’s the jackass from the news that does that segment on my driving. If that whole thing at the restaurant wasn’t damning enough to my label’s credibility, he’s definitely gonna ruin me. For some unholy reason, he lives to make me look bad. Arrrgh! Of all the goddamn nights!” She gave the back tire a kick that ruptured the rubber and flattened it. “Oh, of course. Of course, God. That’s fine. Just kick me when I’m down, God. Just ruin my bir’day ‘cause I’m the completely worst person in the world.”  Trecille dropped her head and rested it on the side of the truck. Tears misted up out of her eyes’ corners and ran over the blood. “¿Qué fue lo que hice para merecer esto?” she whispered.
“I know you had a bad day, mamí. But it’s all right. Look on the bright side: At least you have insurance. At least you can afford stuff like this when it happens.”
“Not for long. Ms. di Stacci’s already got it in her head that she should’ve hired Felicia over me and now that she’s given her a job, I’m the expendable one. That restaurant thing and this accident is gonna get back to Ms. di Stacci and she’s gonna think I’m a fluke. I’m gonna get fired for sure.”
“Excuse me, but, are you okay?” said a man. “Should I take you to the hospital?”
Trecille brought her head up to take heed of a tall man dressed rather casually, holding a face of concern for her as he handed her a handkerchief. “I saw your face was bleeding and I didn’t know if you needed me to rush you down there. I mean I already called the task force, but you know how efficient they are I swear, they aren’t worth a wooden dime.”
Trecille wiped the tears and blood from her face. “I was saying the same thing to my daughters the other day. But no, thank you, I’m fine. This is just the achaques. It’s a family condition thing.”
“Are you sure you’re okay, though?”
Trecille nodded.
“Okay, let me give you my card and I’ll get all your info and—” The man ran his hands over his jacket and pants, patting each of his pockets but growing bewildered as each beat resulted in a lacking. “I’m sorry. This whole thing’s caught me off guard. Let me see if I have any cards in the car. I’ll be right back.” He ran back to his car to throw himself over the driver’s seat in reach of the glovebox.
“Mamí,” Jina whispered, “do you see what I see? A fine brother in a luxury car with no wedding band? Do you see the birthday gift the stars placed in front of you? Don’t you dare pass this up.”
“All I see is a high deductible. And what makes you think any man whose car I just ruined would be interested in any advances I’d make?”
“Well, that doesn’t mean you still shouldn’t try. Your luck’s got nowhere to go but up from all that’s happened today. So, if the stars present you the gift to not grow old and Jennifer Aniston-y, take it!”
“Jina, I—”
“Take it!” Jina took a hold on Trecille’s jacket to straighten the fit on her and she snatched the hat from her head. She undid the bun to let the blonde tresses down. She swept her fingers through the hair to dress it up and continued, “Now, look, you do scare men sometimes and the achaques aren‘t helping, but you’ve got heart. And over that, you’ve got a nice pair of breasts.”
“Jina!” Trecille exclaimed, a bit embarrassed.
“Well, it’s not like they aren’t noticeable. Now, stand still.” Jina pulled out a tube of lipstick and clenched Trecille’s jaw in her hand to pull it down and touch up the makeup.
“Jina! Jina, stop it!” Trecille said in a deep whisper. She pushed herself from the girl’s grasp. “Have you lost your damn mind? I am not gonna flirt with this man at a car accident.”
“I know this isn’t an optimal time for flirting. You have a lot on your mind and you’re not feeling your sexiest, but you can do this. And you never got me a pony, so can you at least try getting me a new daddy?”
“He sure is taking a while over there,” Trecille said, looking to the man still fumbling around in his car.
“That’s good. Maybe he’s as disorganized as you. Two negatives make a positive. That’s simple math. Okay, here he comes. I’ll be in the car. Remember: Be confident and keep your posture straight. I believe in you.” Jina slapped Trecille’s bottom to shock her up into the advice. “Ru-dy! Ru-dy! Ru-dy!” she chanted in a low roar.
“Have you ever even seen that movie?” Trecille said under her breath.
“Sorry, I took so long, I— Whoa!” The man took in a new study of the lady before him as she leaned against the truck, arms folded, golden hair shining under the streetlights. “I’m sorry,” he said as he shook himself from the surprise of the lady re-imagined. “You’re Trecille Cordova, that fashion designer, aren’t you?”
“Yes, it’s me. And I’m so, so sorry about this whole situation.”
“Oh, no, it’s not a problem. It’s just an accident. They happen.” He handed his business card to her.
Trecille glanced at the card. “Oh... you’re a doctor?”
A happy squeal slipped from the car and caught both Trecille and the doctor in curiosity. “Sorry,” said Jina. “I, uh... I sneezed.”
Trecille looked at the card again. “Wait, Doctor Connor? Your actual name is ‘Doctor’?”
“It’s a family thing. I’ve got a sister named Lawyer and a cousin named Narrator.”
No relation.
“But a lot of my patients call me ‘The Doctor’. You know, like on Doctor Who? Either that or Doctorb like on The Simpsons back when it used to be good,” Doctor said.
“I... don’t really watch those shows that much.”
“You’re not missing anything on The Simpsons. But forget me. I can’t believe I ran into the hometown celebrity. I was watching that biographical special about you the other night, but then those girls from The Chicas Project came on and I had to change the channel. I almost didn’t recognize you with blonde hair. You look nice with it, like a way taller Ivy Queen.”
Trecille giggled as she twirled her finger in her hair. “Actually, my mother looks more like her, but thank you anyway. But I can’t believe you listen to her music. Not many people here are familiar with Reggaeton music, let alone a black guy.”
“I try to give everything a chance. But I know you’re busy. You don’t have time for all this small-talk. It’s just something I do with my patients to calm them down and I guess I can’t seem to turn it off after I clock out. I’m still doing it, aren’t I?” Doctor chuckled and cleared his throat.  He handed his phone to Trecille. “Just type in all of your information, and I’ll let you get on your way.”
Jina feigned a harsh cough.
“That cough sounds kinda bad. Is she okay?” said Doctor.
“She’s fine. But if you don’t mind, there is something I wanted to ask you.” Trecille could feel the burn of nerves rising from her stomach to be a weight in her throat. “Do you... do you...? Do you know what I can do to suppress some of these achaques symptoms? Are you familiar with it?” Trecille could just feel the scathing eye roll from her daughter in response to her quick cold feet.
“We’ve had a couple of cases before. Basically, the ‘achaques’ is a sudden hormonal imbalance that tricks the body into thinking that it’s allergic to itself, blood cells and such, which is why you develop hemophilia. But it’s not really severe. You’re just ‘getting rid of the ‘young blood’, and if we were in my office I’d tell you that you need an examination to see how imbalanced your hormone is so I can write a specific prescription for you. But since I’m off the clock, I’ll tell you to just eat some sweets and drink some soy milk. That’s the active ingredient in what I’d prescribe, but this way you won’t get all of those side effects where you’ll need a whole other prescription. Keep this between you and me, but people in the my industry are worse than drug dealers on the streets. The medicine business keeps you screwed up so they keep making money.”
“Really? Is that how you paid for that car you’re driving?”
“Me? What? No... of course not.” Doctor shifted his eyes.
“Oh, okay. I get it. This conversation never happened.”
“What conversation?” Doctor said before a chuckle. He looked at Trecille’s bright smile. Then, he beheld the glisten in her eyes as they outdid the neon storefronts beside her. And if he could have taken the night he surely would have used every second to make it a fact to himself that every aspect of this woman stood greater than the world around him. But it came to him to break his stare through an instant addiction he did not want to conquer.
“Listen, Doctor... would you...” Trecille looked down to hide  her bashful smile. “If you’re free, sometime, do you wanna get a coffee or something?”
“Oh, my God, yes! I was thinking of asking, but I thought it’d be a weird time for that. Especially with you being a celebrity and my just being some regular dude, I was thinking you’d think I was crazy for even suggesting a compliment to you in the situation. But you just never know, right? Just gotta take a chance sometimes.”
“That’s what I tell my girls all the time. No guts, no glory.”
Jina flattened her gaze to disbelief at her mother’s gall.
“So, I don’t know if you’ve eaten tonight, but I just came from the pizza place and we might as well get a couple slices before it gets cold. You know, while we wait for the police to show up.”
“I don’t usually eat pizza, but I’ll make an exception for you.”
Trecille motioned with a jerk of the head to Jina to fetch the food. She passed it through the window. “That’s my daughter. Her name is Jina.”
Doctor looked through the window and waved. “Nice to meet you.”
Jina waved back.
“She and her sister are the only things that keep me grounded. Some days I’m so confused I think I’d forget my tits if they weren’t so big.” Trecille paused as what she had spoken looped back up to her ears. She blushed. “I mean if they weren’t attached. I mean my head. I mean— You know the saying.” She laughed. “God, what is the matter with me tonight?”
Doctor chuckled. “It’s all right. I know what you mean.”
“I’m sorry. I knew what I wanted to say, but I was just thinking about something my daughter said and it was stuck in my head.”
“It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”
Brighter than any star could shine that night and markedly more precious than their gleam punctuating a day more taxing than most, the surprise of Trecille’s smile painted her face the most vivid color of felicity, and as she guided the slice of pizza up to her mouth for consumption she brought her sight back up to the man she would champion as the one to have salvaged it. But as quick they can arrive, a sneezed built up inside of her nose and dashed forth with another helping of blood onto Doctor’s face. Instantly mortified, Trecille’s eyes widened to the size of dishes. “Oh, God. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to. It— it just happened. I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay,” Doctor said as he wiped the spray from his face.” Hey, look at it this way: if I ever involuntarily expel something on you in the future, we’ll be even.” He laughed.
Trecille added a chuckle, but it was a half-one. “I don’t get it.”




Chapter Eight
To Forget Your Love


There was city to the left and city to the right. Overcast above and a still river ahead. And on the roof of what had been made to be called a home Kayleigh sat with a scarf around her neck and a hooded jacket on to keep her warm in the October air. She pushed her glasses up onto her face and watched the thin-armed trees losing their leaves against a backdrop of abandoned vehicles and large hunks of twisted metal penned inside reddening gates.
The years of designing and managing machines for the family’s company had given her eyes to see the lost remnants as memories of man’s ingenuity and snapshots of the glory days of the district’s production era rather than castaway atrocities as the citizens held in thought. But just as the wrath of weather stripped the items of an identity and broke their bones down to brittle shells, Kayleigh could see that her sight was deteriorating as well. It had been through the months of staring through her sister’s eyes that all she used to see so shiny and bright was now dulling to the deepest blacks, and for her to have these feelings in the wake of wanting to keep her vision until the dream became tangible, she could only hear shouts of betrayal in each gust of wind as if Niki herself were calling from the clouds. 
In a whisper, Kayleigh sang a song to drown out the distant din of the life she once knew. She longed for a day away from the outer limits of the city littered with decay and sour smog that could not help residing daily in her nose and lungs. She longed to be player in the city’s scenes rather than being a viewer. And nothing more than a glance at the thoughts that had so effortlessly slipped from her pen could justify what may have been resting dead in her heart from the moment in that summer when she became solely a mourner and maybe just as instant a machine.
“Day 101 and it’s a pretty bleary Sunday, but every day’s been a shade dimmer than the last for me, lately. I don’t think I’ve ever been one for waking up sunny, but this depression... this is one plague I could have never predicted to fall into my mind. Then again, I have found that the mind can be the strongest, and at the same time, the weakest element of a being. I don’t even know what to feel anymore. It’s just like everything in me is demanding that I not know happiness. Everything in me doesn’t even really feel like me, almost as if I died in June and Niki’s living right now, controlling my insensate body from inside and out, ordering me to right her inglorious exit more grand than that of Christine Chubbuck’s along with the resolute grace of Joan Crawford’s last words. 
I know that I vowed for her ideas to be realized but I’m starting to see again why they were only hers and not ours. I made myself believe that the anger I reserved could turn her delusions into dreams and run for those, but the cruel reality in doing so actually found me deterred from such. Pushing myself to be like her let me see that I cannot. Niki was more confused than she could ever hope to be evil, maybe more deluded than all. And I cannot match my mind with that of a girl whose was snapped insane in the theft performed by the uglier of her own father’s two faces. I cannot perfect the stage of an accident to murder him at his factory. I cannot smile and keep the sunshine to life with a sickening several minutes of marred trust scarring my memory. But Niki could. For thirteen years, she could. 
For thirteen years Niki kept herself locked in the same beautiful Sunday afternoon. Sharing a bike ride with her sister, lying in the greenest grass of the local park, coming home to find her mother had just made her favorite dessert. While we all grew, matured, and became, she stayed and stayed and stayed. She smiled because she was always that child who dreamed anything was possible. I cannot program myself to be that lifeless when all I have ever really wanted was forgiveness for not being able then. I cannot be your machine, Niki. I will forever love you, and I will undoubtedly cherish your memory. But I cannot, nor will I ever, be you.”
Kayleigh shut her diary just before the steel door to downstairs groaned open. She looked up to see Daisy approaching, huddling her body up to hold in her warmth.
“You’re not cold up here, mother? It’s so windy.” Daisy hurried through the cold to Kayleigh and joined her against the roof’s low wall, sitting shoulder-to-shoulder with her. 
“It doesn’t bother me much. How was the festival?”
“Oh, my god, Peach and I tried all this delicious food, and we heard all this awesome music and stuff. And oh, my god, there was this guy at one of the booths where they cooked the food, he was so... frickin’... hot! Like crazy hot. You know I’m not one to call out a catch, but I could so tell that guy was into me. It was so frickin’ awesome.”
Kayleigh cooked up a smile. “Sounds like it was so frickin’ fun. I’m glad you so frickin’ enjoyed it.”
Daisy slipped out a chuckle. “So, what are you doing up here?”
“I wanted to get some air to clear my head. I’ve been feeling so trapped down in the factory, lately, with nothing but those walls to stare at. Waking up just to walk the same steps I made the day before, it’s just wearing at me. Like each day’s hollowing me out until I don’t feel anything inside, anymore.”
“Uh..., emo, much? Were you listening to Blue October before I came up here or what?” It did not show immediately, but after an eye on the woman, Daisy could read trouble in the mirthless freeze of a distant gaze. It took her smile. “Oh, my god, you were serious. Mother, where is this coming from? What’s the matter?”
Kayleigh stepped from the edge and began pacing. “I can’t do this, anymore, Daisy. Locked away, cut off from  society and at the same time plotting to take the world for my own. What kind of existence is this? This is not me. This is not where I want to be. I was just mad when I jumped into all of this. I was angry at the girls who killed Niki, and at myself for abandoning her. But all I really wanted was for her to forgive me because there was this point in her life that we tried to ignore, hoping it would go away. That’s the only reason she was like she was, and if I just took the time to talk to her for one moment and let her tell me what was happening to her inside, she would probably still be here. And now I’m trying to justify what I didn’t do by trying to achieve some nefarious goal of killing some girls who were putting their lives on the line to save a city of innocent people from the culmination of her issues? Is that going to make everything better? Is it going to bring Niki back? Is it going to take back all that happened to her? Tyrannizing and enslaving humanity won’t fix any of that, and it definitely won’t make me feel better. The more I think about it, the more it makes me sick. I don’t want to rule over these people, Daisy. I still have a heart... and it’s telling me that this is wrong.”
Daisy let out a pensive breath and circled her finger in the roof's gravel. “I should’ve seen this coming. You know, since I’m part anomaly I can track the bio-echoes transmitted from the virus and they’ve been getting fainter which means they’re weakening. The people are either so healthy that the virus was no match for their immune system or they were so full of junk food that the virus didn’t even recognize them as a human. I can kinda estimate that by the end of this year it’ll be completely eradicated, but Peach and I kept going along with this plan to kill the Pretty Killers because you were so adamant about it.”
“I don’t know why I let it get to this point, Daisy. Why would I want to hurt these people?”
“We all deal with death in different ways. It’s what makes you humans human. You can’t program yourself to feel one way today and to feel a different way the next day like me. You could’ve gone back home after Aunt Niki was killed but instead you stayed here and put all of your time and thinking and ability into converting this factory into a little off-the-grid laboratory where you applied the anomaly samples into a plot of revenge that led to the creation Peach and me. But don’t you see? You weren’t dealing with your grief. You were just avoiding it. This impossible project was your way to keep your mind from your mistakes, but now that you have nothing to do, all you can do is regret and that which was made out of your avoiding is now added to that which you already had tried to elude.”
“But I guess shouldn’t feel too bad. I did get you and Peach out of this chaos and you two are the only things that kept from going completely crazy in my anger and frustration these past months. What you two are to me is what I should have been for Niki, and if I regret anything, it’s that I designed such beautiful and intelligent girls to be tools of destruction. But look at you now. You’re more human than machine, and I just wish I could feel that. I just want to leave this factory.”
“Well... why don’t we just leave?”
“If only it were that simple. The Orlova name is well known in the United Kingdom and Russia and the events that happened in the summer put us in North American news. And everyone thinks I died in a plane crash which I thought was good for maintaining a cover at the domination plan’s inception, but can you imagine what will happen if I just show up out of nowhere? There will be questions and resentment and all types of confusion.”
“But that was back in the summer. I’m sure the people don’t care about you like that. I mean you’re no Heidi Montag. Besides, right now, everyone’s talking about this new video. There was this woman tripping out at a restaurant and it was so frickin’ hilarious, but then some people did an auto-tune remix of it and took it to another level. I swear Americans really love train wrecks. Maybe that’s the reason why they’re so patriotic.”
“You really think it’d be that easy? To slip back into society and start a new life with you and Peach?”
“You might wanna get a haircut. And maybe switch to contact lenses, but I don’t see why not. If you can build androids I’m sure you can do some identity theft without getting caught, right? And, hey, Peach and I can do some cosmetic surgery if you want it.”
“So you’re fine with my decision? You’re not disappointed in me for just giving up and ending this?”
“You’re not giving up. You’re just finally coming to terms with everything. You just had to live in a hydro-powered factory and kill a few people to get to this point, but what’s important is that you got to this point.”
“You know as well as I do that the only reason I’m even sitting here now is you and your sister. I really needed you and Peach even if you two would frustrate me sometimes.”
“We love you, and we want you to be happy. Just like we were fine with helping you take over the world, we’d totally be cool with getting out of here and starting over. We're here for you with whatever you wanna do.”
“It’s funny that I’ve been here so long and you two know more about the city than I do. Is Northern State real nice?”
“There’s a lot of dialysis clinics for some reason, but it’s all right. Queen City down the highway is so frickin’ beautiful. You’ve gotta see Mercury Mall. It’s like a mini-city filled with a bunch of stores. It’s a frickin’ heaven with price tags. You’re gonna love it.”
“You could just take me to the corner and I’d appreciate it. I just want to see something other than this dreary place. I swear I don’t know what I’m gonna do with myself if I have to sit here and watch another marathon of that god-awful teen drama Edgemont. It’s like, I know it’s an ensemble cast, but they zip from one scene to the other so fast that no one gets more ten lines in the whole show and it just ruins the whole scene’s mood.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Tomika sat as still as the stone bridge under her. Perched over the water on the ledge, she relieved her shut eyes of her glasses and let her hair move with the current of the breeze, holding nothing more than her thoughts to keep her company. This kind of day had always found affinity in the girl as it was the kind that her mother declared that the earth was at its most cagey and guarded, and the heightening of determination within one who studied the martial art that she did, to commune through such would verily improve conditioning. She compared the difficulty to an athlete practicing with added weight in tow or some sort of other hindrance, but Tomika did not see the added study as something to condemn. She relished the opportunity to challenge herself in mastering her abilities, and for some time that morning she had been doing just that. The soothing swishes of the creek aided in the achievement of calm needed to gather focus long enough to control that which had been fairly difficult for her for some time. Lightning.
At age 9, Tomika first tried casual guidance of lightning and was met with less than favorable results. Though it was considered something of a basic skill by instruction of her ancestors, taming such an unpredictable power proved to be a daunting and, at most times, painful assignment. Since those early attempts, she found great strides of success, but the small loss of control she had in the final attack against Niki’s mech months ago, it bothered her. Now, with the clouds heavy and their mild rumble echoing in the back of her mind, Tomika took the chance for an attempt at practice. She opened her palm and extended her left arm while keeping her right closer to her bowed head. She opened her eyes and a strike of lightning sheared the sky to hit the creek. She whipped her head up into the mist cast off and saw the bolt before her, paused in the water and illuminating the hanging droplets as they were inching downward. The world had slowed around her and with nature successfully bent to her will and waiting, she used her fingertip to pull out a glowing white strand and twirled it through the dew as if it were paint in her control. She used her other hand to pull another serous string. A red one this time. Then, she pulled a blue one, and a pink one, and a yellow one. She smiled as she swirled the lights around and played with their majestic essence, all the while basking in the pleasure of her accomplishment. But slowly, a deadened voice began to echo through her marvelous atmosphere and as it grew clearer and clearer, the more difficult it became to ignore until she had to bring her attention to it.
“Tomika! Jina! Come here!” Trecille called from the distance.
Tomika’s grip on the lightning faltered and in a loud bang, the lights cracked, frayed and traveled through the girl’s hands to put her into an uncontrollable seizure of a shock. She sat in a violent twitch as warm ripples ran up her body, forcing her to turn and throw herself into the creek. A hard thud and splash later and the electrocution subsided, but the tingle lingered as sparks arced and snapped over her body. “Ouch,” she muttered.
In the home, Jina came down the stairs and into the kitchen to find Trecille standing by the counter with a great grin stretched across her face. “What’s up, mamí?” she said.
“Hold on. I wanna tell you and Tomika the good news at the same time. Where is she anyway?”
Soggy from head to toe, Tomika sloshed up to the patio door and stood solemn and hunched as she cleared spaghetti-like locks of hair from her face. Another arc of electricity coursed up her arm and put her in a shock of paralysis. “Don’t ask,” she said. She made a sweep of her hand and devoid herself of the excess moisture. It left behind a silhouette of water to splash on the pavement as she came into the house, completely dry.
“Dios mio, solo mi chicas,” Trecille said to herself. “Anyway, I know you two remember the episode I had on my bir’day. It was awful for all parties involved, but I think I’ve got a good way to make it up to you two.” She beckoned for the girls to follow her to the door leading to the garage and opened it to present to them two new cars beside the ones with which they were already familiar. “Taa-daa!”
Jina and Tomika’s jaws flung open and their eyes magnified. One was an inky black sedan with red accent over its streamlined body sitting low and fierce like a creeping snake. The other was a red coupe postured pert and ready for speeding down the street on its silver-spoked wheels.
“Oh, my god, are these ours?” Jina asked.
“They most certainly are. The black one is yours, Tomika. And the red one’s yours Jina. I know I said I was gonna stop payment on them, but I figured you two deserved them. Besides, my legs are too long for both of them, anyway.” She handed them their sets of keys. “Enjoy, chicas.”
Tomika and Jina squeezed Trecille from both sides in a happy hug and rushed to their respective cars to toss the doors open and settle into the top-dollar luxury provided within the soft caress of the fresh and aromatic fabric of the seats. “Oh, my goddess, these seats are so frakkin' soft. They’re like super-suede or something,” Tomika said.
“It’s a faux leather hybrid. Hand-crafted for butt-hugging comfort,” Trecille said.
Jina threw her head back and made a pleasured sigh. “Oh, it’s like sitting on a cloud. I could just fall asleep right now.”
“What? No, don’t go to sleep. Try them out. Take ‘em out for a spin.” Trecille pressed a button by the doorway to raise the garage door. “But be careful. I don’t want you going all Fast and Furious in the streets.”
The girls started their cars and the roar of the engines revving echoed into the neighborhood like mechanical beasts ready to be loosed from a hellish cage where they had been residing in ardor. Jina giggled at the power rumbling in her control and tossed a glance to her sister. Tomika had the same hysterical glee about her as she gripped the steering wheel. “This must be how the Power Rangers cast felt when they did the Turbo movie,” she called out.
“Well, don’t just sit here blowing carbon monoxide at me. Go!” Trecille said.
And with that ushering, the girls sped out to the street, leaving the satisfied gaze of Trecille’s in the rear-view mirrors. As the rumble faded to the distance, Trecille dropped her grin and let out a heavy sigh. “Finally,” she said to herself. She pulled out her mobile phone to choose the contact labeled Doctor, and after a few rings, she connected with her intended. “Hello, Doc? Yeah, the kids are gone, but hurry up. I don’t know how long they’re gonna be out. Oh, but make sure you pick up those things I said to get from the store. I saw something on the Internet I thought we could try... if you’re feeling adventurous, that is.” Trecille chuckled and closed the garage door. She went back into the house.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Okay, here’s a simple algebraic operation,” Kerou said with a pen and notebook in hand. “We’re gonna find the median between an inclusive set of whole numbers not beginning at zero. So, let’s say..., like, between 37 and 65. And we’re gonna use the variables x, y, z and a.” While scribbling her work down, she carried on with her narrative. “Three little equations are gonna help you figure this out, and they’re x minus y equals z, z divided by 2 equals a and x minus a equals b. So, if we say x equals 65 and y equals 37, then z equals 28. 28 divided by two is 14, so we subtract that from x—or 65—and we get 51. That’s the median. And the best way to check if these equations work is to use a number where you already know the median from zero, like half of 50 is 25. So, say we make y be 50 and x equal zero. Basically, it’ll come down to 50 divided by two which is 25. But if you go through the steps, you’ll see that it works the same. See?” She circled the two final answers and held the notebook up to Jizzelle who sat addled by the entire explanation.
“Okay... what?”
“Come on, Jizzelle, your pre-calculus test is on Friday. How do you expect to pass if you can’t understand simple algebra like this? You’ve gotta get these basics before you can go on to fundamentals of such an abstract subject as that. I mean how did you even get to pre-cal without understanding algebra?”
“Benn always bought the test answer keys for me, but they’ve changed from the previous year, so I need to understand this crap now. Can you just explain it a bit slower? All of this stuff is more confusing than roll call at a unisex name convention.”
“All right, we’ll try again. I’ll try to be clearer.” Kerou turned to a fresh sheet of paper and began again the search for the solution.
The day, so far, had not been one of high events for the girls as much of their time spent fading into the afternoon was amused by the strenuous tutoring while watching Morgan practice tricks on her skateboard in a park that still held scars of damage left by the city’s first anomaly attack. But Britney sat as a new viewer to the girl’s prowess and found herself astounded by the handstands and flip tricks achieved with ease. Britney had become intrigued by the prospect of euphoria found in such apparent acrobatic grace and felt inclined to ask for a lesson in the basics of skateboarding to which Morgan happily acquiesced.
After establishing balance on the board, Britney embarked on her quest to learn how to pull off a trick with Morgan at her side to coach her and catch her whenever she would slip. Britney placed her feet in the locations instructed by Morgan and leaped with the assurance the board would snap up with her, but the jump would only result in the too familiar feeling of falling as the board remained static to make her landing an unstable one. The skateboard quickly zipped out from under her and Morgan was quick to catch her in the resulting stumble. Dejected, Britney fixed her jostled hair. “I guess this little country girl ain’t fit for the crazy world of extreme sports like you city folk.”
Morgan chased after her board and stepped onto it to steer it back to Britney. “Aw, don’t think all rural-person-stereotypical like that, B. If you practice enough, you’ll be able to pull off some sick stuff like me. I mean I’ve been practicing since I was a kid and I’ve got the medical file and double-jointed legs to show for it.”
“My goodness,  you’ve broken limbs skateboarding?”
“Dude, my legs, my arms, and stuff. I’m surprised I’m not a big human pudding, right now. But it comes with the territory, and most of those breaks came from dares from my older brother.  Like one time he dared me to jump over all the basement stairs and land on a mattress at the bottom, and I missed it by a couple steps, but I swear I saw every color at once after I hit my head. It was like looking at an outfit for a girl on a Disney Channel original series.”
“I do declare, Miss Morgan, you are one courageous little girl. I don’t think I’d ever muster up the moxie to do something as scary as that.”
“It’s not about courage. It’s just about not thinking about pain. I usually keep my mind tuned to the Taxi theme song. Nothing in the world is more relaxing than that.”
“You sure seem to have things figured out for the best.”
“Yep, all I know is breathe air and eat chips.” Morgan took in a confident breath of the cool air. “Feels good, man.”
The muffled rumble of music approaching and a stab of a car horn cut through the tranquil harmony to take the girls’ attention and send them into surprise at the sight of Tomika’s arrival behind the wheel of such a marvel of a car. “What’s up, girls?” Tomika said to them as she leaned out of the window. “What do you think of my Mimi-mobile?”
The girls ran into the wave rolling from the thumps of bass and let the joy lacing it wash over them to paint grins on them. “Holy crap, is this a 2010 Corvus? These were just released. How did you get one?” Jizzelle said.
“My mom got it to apologize for her hideously fabulous drug trip on her birthday.”
“My goodness, this is so soft,” said Britney as she caressed one of the seats through the window. “What is this? Velvet?”
“Britney, you ding-a-ling, it’s obviously super-suede,” said Morgan.
“I am so jealous, right now,” Jizzelle said. “You don’t know how over I am with that crappy ‘07 Benz my dad got me after that Russian chick totaled my convertible. We're going through financial crap right now, so I’m  stuck with this thing that smells like fried leather and Matrix Essentials.”
“That’s an interesting fragrance,” said Britney.
“Ugh, it’s more than horrid. It’s what I assume Destiny’s Child’s dressing rooms smelled like in their early days.”
“Well, you can dismiss your disdain for the next few minutes as I invite you into the probably toxic allure of the new car smell. Get outta my dreams, get into my car in, losers, I’m taking you out for lunch,” Tomika said.
“Are you gonna go by Allie’s to pick her up?” Britney asked. She and the girls piled into the car’s seats.
“She’s still at church,” Tomika said. “Nothing more ironic than a half-Italian-half-Irish Baptist. But hey, whatever works for you.”
“One of the perks of being Catholic,” Kerou said. “In and out in an hour. But I would like to get one of those spaghetti dinners that they serve in the basement at her church sometimes.”
“Hey, we’re not going to McDonald’s are we?” said Morgan. “I was watching  Mac and Me last night and—”
“Say no more,” said Tomika as she drove off down the street. “A movie as cancer-inducing craptastic as that’ll keep me away from the stuff, too. Strangely, it was the inverse with Supersize Me.”
“Dude, where do you get off bashing Mac and Me? That movie was advertising genius,” Morgan said.
“In what way?” said Kerou.
“Think about it. It’s an everlasting commercial. It came out in the ‘80s, but we still talk about it today. And it’s not like anyone is even showing the movie. People are looking for it.”
“Morgan, no one was even thinking about that move until you started talking about it,” Jizzelle said. “Any success McDonald’s has today is not attributed to a god-awful rip-off of E.T. The movie is not common knowledge.”
“Say what you want, but I bet you’re thinking about getting some Mc Donald’s right now.”
“Only because you mentioned it! Not the frickin’ movie! God!”
“Whoa, sounds like someone’s in need of a happy meal.”
“Yeah, what’s got you all agged-up?” said Tomika.
“She’s just upset because she can’t do algebra,” said Kerou.
“Hey, I can do algebra. ...I just need to understand it first.”
“Aw, don’t worry about it,” Tomika said. “As long as you can add and subtract, you can always get a job at McDonald’s. I’m sure they’d hire you.” She cackled.
“You know what, don’t play with me. I swear to God I will rip this upholstery up right now.”
“I want a Big Mac,” Britney said.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

As Daisy and Kayleigh descended the stairs from the roof, they saw Peach leaving the kitchen area with a sandwich stacked with the usual meats, spreads, and vegetables along with some unusual toppings. Though the music she had selected on the computer was only just above a whisper, it echoed throughout the home. From the grand control consoles to the dying garden. From the scaffolds to the couch and television with an empty pizza box lying nearby. From the pipes running water audibly along the walls to the test tubes, scribbled notes, and machinery of works a couple of months forgotten in progress piled useless aside the shells of automation left from years passed. The indecision in sentiment stationed and calling around the quarters worked to portray what was sitting in Kayleigh, but even as the brightest memory remaining stood to enchant her, there was not a qualm within strong enough to take her from her decision. And, that affirmed, she approached Peach to inform her of the intention. “You’re eating again? Didn’t you get enough at the festival?”
“Yeah, but that was, like, twenty minutes ago,” Peach said. She wrapped her mouth around an impossible bulk of the towering sandwich. “Besides, I’m a growing girl.”
“Yeah, you’re a little monster.” Kayleigh tousled Peach’s hair. “But anyway, I don’t know if you noticed like Daisy, but I really haven’t been myself lately. Honestly, I haven’t exactly been myself for a while, but I’ve been thinking a lot about all that’s brought me here. I’ve finally come to terms with it. I’m just... I’m just ready to let go. I’m ready to leave all of this in the past.”
Peach laughed, a shade apprehensive. “Mom, what the radish? What do you mean ‘leave all of this’?”
“I mean I don’t want to take over the world. Daisy’s helped me see that though I thought I was trying to avenge Niki’s death, I was subconsciously just trying to avoid the idea that it was my fault she died. It wasn’t any of these other people, so I shouldn’t ruin their lives. Or at least try to ruin their lives since the scheme isn’t really working.”
“No... no, no, no.” Peach dropped her plate. “Mom, we can’t just give up. We’re just not trying hard enough. Daisy and I should be trying to lure the Pretty Killers out of hiding instead of being lazy like we’ve been. Just give us another chance. We’ll find them and kill them now.”
Kayleigh took Peach’s face into her hands. “Calm down, Peach, it’s not your fault. You had a good plan, but it’s not working, and I’m glad it isn’t. You two should enjoy being the girls that you are.”
Peach tore herself from Kayleigh’s hold. “But we’re not just girls! We’re androids. We were programmed to gather information and use that information to destroy the Pretty Killers.”
“No, you were programmed simply to gather information and if wanted you to use that to destroy, you would. But I don’t want you to. I want you to enjoy the world and everything it has to offer. I want you to have fun.”
“But I’m having fun right now. Your requests are conflicting. How can I have fun if you want me to stop the task that I consider fun? I don’t understand.” Peach grabbed her head. “I don’t—”
“Okay, Peach, just calm down and—”
“Stay back!” Peach put her strength into a shove to Kayleigh’s chest. She whipped around to face the wall and quickly muttered to herself. Her eyes quivered in their sockets. “I don’t understand,” she whispered. “What did I do—?”
“Peach, what are you freaking out about?” Daisy said. She was holding Kayleigh steady on her feet as the woman clutched at the pain in her abdomen. “Mother is trying to give us a better life than what we have now, and we should want more than this isolated life for her, too. No good is going to come from making the city suffer when they’ve had nothing to do with our family and its issues. This was between mom and Aunt Niki and mom’s fine with this.”
Even though it seemed to taste harshly tart as it slipped out of her mouth, Peach managed to speak. “Mom... must die.”
“Peach, no!”
“She has to! She’s responsible for Aunt Niki’s death. She said it herself! And my purpose, the only reason I was created, is to help her avenge Aunt Niki. I can only do that by killing those who killed her. That’s the Pretty Killers... and mom.” Peach threw a punch en route to Kayleigh’s wide eyes watching the distance between her and what could surely be death nearing in the warped fractions of a second.
Daisy whipped into a spin in front of Kayleigh and grabbed Peach’s arm to push her backwards. “Don’t do this, Peach. This is not why you were created. We were made to gather information.”
“And I have. All this time, I have heard how great Aunt Niki was, and how unique she was, and how the Pretty Killers deserved to die for taking her away from this world. That’s all I’ve heard, and now I’m just supposed to forget that? Forsake my own blood, my own name, when it is that very thing that designates our ruling of everyone and everything around us?”
“Peach, I know what I said and I know I told you what I said she said, but I was angry and she had issues that she couldn’t deal with. Killing me or anyone else won’t change what I didn’t do.”
“This is not about killing you. This is about stopping anyone who tried to stop us. The only way I can do that is by destroying them, even if that includes you. You commanded me to do this! This is what you wanted!” A growl rolled through Peach’s teeth as they grew. Her eyes reddened and looked past Daisy to fix on to Kayleigh. She lunged for the woman, but while Kayleigh dove for cover to the side, Daisy jumped into a short spin and thrust a kick into the girl’s stomach. Peach’s back smacked against the wall to leave a deep crack as she fell to land on all fours on the floor. She looked up through her hair and revealed a face growing grotesque and feral. A tail swayed from left to right behind her as she let out another soft growl. Then, she pounced into another attack, but a strike to the arm knocked her out of the air. Kayleigh stood with a rifle firm in both hands, a determined and unforgiving glare upon her face. She cocked it and pulled the trigger to let off another round. Peach darted away and the blast went unavailing. Kayleigh aimed and fired again and again, but could not contend with the extraordinarily agile creature dashing about the factory, shooting rounds of acid from her mouth.
“Don’t we have some kind of self-destruct-killswitch we don't know about that you could just activate?” Daisy said.
“I removed them when your weapon systems failed, but a shot to the head should be a strong enough catalyst to unravel her structure. There’s better weapons upstairs in my room. Come on.” 
Yellow splatters on the walls and floors hissed violently as Daisy and Kayleigh dodged each of Peach’s acidic attacks on their way to the stairs, but halfway up the steps, Peach cleared the great distance from the floor to the underside of the catwalk above the ladies and swung herself up to the top. She spat at them and her fluid wore the metal stairs away to melt out a gaping hole. Daisy grabbed Kayleigh’s arm and leaped over the chasm to land just shy of the bubbling edge of the landing in front of Kayleigh’s room. Kayleigh tossed her rifle to Daisy and ran into her room. Daisy planted herself in front of the door to put two bullets through the head of Peach as she had taken to the air to hasten her arrival at her target. The bullets pierced through Peach’s skin and burst through the back in a chunky spray of red. With a face shredded clear of its identity, Peach continued her tackle and took Daisy through the wall into the room. With two large guns in hand, Kayleigh jumped out of the path of chaos to land on her side and fire six bright and whistling rounds while sliding across her desk. The explosions blew Peach’s flailing body back through the wall, leaving her body devastated by damage, fragmented and bleeding in the brick destroyed and iron framework.
Daisy had taken a few scratches and a burn to the face and arms, but for the most part she could bear the ache. As Kayleigh made her way to Daisy to help her back to her feet she turned her head to take a glance at her heavy deed done through the clearing smoke and felt every nerve in her chest fray and singe at sight of a shattered vial relinquishing yellow fluid held inside. Peach’s feeble arm dropped into the puddle and sparked over another rifle cast aside. The yellow mess bubbled and, like a thick enervated eel, it eased its way up the girl’s limb.
“Oh no....” Kayleigh whispered. She fired two shots at the girl, but the oozing yellow worm promptly stretched into a long sheet to take the strain of both bullets. Kayleigh began to back away. “Daisy, let’s go... Let’s go!”
“But mother, what—”
“Let’s go!” Kayleigh grabbed Daisy’s and whisked her through the door.
The yellow mass retracted back to its worm-like shape, and it threw itself into Peach’s holes exposing wires and organs. It sunk in and mended the broken metal. It weaved her skin together and ran over bones like blood and put a new spark into her eye. Peach flexed her fingers and clenched them into a fist.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

A myriad of scents ranging from spicy to savory flowed from wall to wall within the diner in which Tomika and the girls were having lunch. The low light and deep brown wood-paneled walls gave the place something of a comforting, old-time, home-like feel, and the brass-studded cushions around a table presenting a bowl of nacho chips and a setting of tea cups furthered the hospitality intended. Two waitresses wearing gray dresses, sombreros, and white gloves retrieved the girls’ orders from their large carpet bags and delicately placed the plates before them. Then, they opened their umbrellas and floated off to the kitchen.
“Oh, my,” Britney said as she poked her fork into the crust of a pot pie filled with fish, fries, cheese and peppers. She tried to hide her disgust with a grin. “You northerners definitely don’t shy away from combining the strange and decadent. I would never imagine mixing English and Mexican cuisine together.”
“Yeah, the British Bellhouse is one of those places you have to hear how good the food is before coming inside to order,” said Kerou. She took a bite of her taco dripping with juice from the sausage and potatoes inside.
Britney pushed her plate away. “I’ll take your word for it. I’ll just sip on this Coke.”
“Hear ye!” cried a man in a tuxedo while ringing a bell across the room. “We have a challenger in the battle of the Big Bollocks Burrito. What’s your name, little girl?”
“Morgan,” she said as a chef placed three logs of tortillas that were ready to burst from the unknown filling inside. Morgan licked her lips and prepared to dive into the bundles more massive than piglets branded with brown markings delineating the opening notation a renowned tone poem of glorious encounters.
“No offense, but you’re a bit of a tiny thing,” said the man with the bell. “Do you really think you can finish these in ten minutes?”
“Dude, I poop things bigger than this before school. I got this.”
“A confident one, she is. Well, Morgan, if you do finish, you’ll get your meal for free, a commemorative t-shirt, and your picture on the St. Trinian’s Wall of Excellence.”
“Save me a spot next to Rupert Everett and Talulah Riley.”
Tomika chuckled at the spectacle, but quickly, a wind danced through her hair and blew her smile away. She looked from one side to the other and lowered her voice. “Guys, my wind sense—patent pending—is tingling. Something must be going down somewhere. We’ve got to go.” She retrieved her share of money from her pocket and put it on the table. The girls did the same. “Morgan, we have to go,” she called over.
“But what about my Bollocks?”
“Never mind the Bollocks. Let’s go.”
Morgan sneered and threw the last half of the first burrito on the platter

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

It had been a clockwork day for Northern State where workers worked, dreamers dreamed, and what was seen as the worst of the world by those in their castles and ruby shoes miles down the road could only be happily accepted as the best of times by the modest and downtrodden in the deepest streets. Still, the youths of these neighborhoods held hopes to call residence in a home out in the wonderland where the only contrast to keep in mind is how the shade of green one’s grass compared to his neighbors’ and the contents of his wallet. An aspirant notorious for his clinging to this affirmation around the corners of the community was a teenage boy who was known for his devotion of much of his meager monies to purchasing lottery scratch-off tickets, daily under the passion of wrapping his hands around a check worth an amount never before seen by him or his consorts. Today, as per usual, he and friend came strolling from the market with a small carton of milk, a snack cake, and a ticket that once again produced nothing more than the beckon to try again another day. It was an expected result, but steadfast was his will for the surprise of results anew.
In a scene not shy to the streets, a car carrying a gang of thugs slowly rolled into the sight of the kids at the crosswalk and it was obvious that the thugs were on a mission to equalize an imbalance of respect left hanging from some time before. And their mode of absolution: a gun, and the two standing knew it. Without thought, they dashed into an alley with the assumption that the maze-like backstreets could provide a viable escape route, but the car set out to meet them at the outlet of any pathway they could choose.
Meanwhile, on a fast trek out of their district, Daisy, with Kayleigh on her back, cleared the length of the main street in a matter of seconds. “Run! Everybody run!” Kayleigh cried. “Confused anomaly-based android with radioactive symbiotic armor on the loose!”
The teen perked up in fright at the woman's warning and turned to see if his friend, behind, had taken heed, but the view only stopped his heart as there behind his friend stood Peach with her hair dancing in the wind and the barrel of a  shotgun barrel protruding from her palm extended out. “Ricky!” the teen screamed to alert the boy of what was lurking.
“Where are the Pretty Killers?” Peach asked with a growl.	
Ricky turned and saw Peach. He dropped his groceries and put his legs in motion to run. It felt as if time had slowed around him.
“Wrong answer.” Peach fired two shots. They ripped through the back of the boy’s knee and shredded through his back. Peach dropped her arm and continued about her making of wreckage in a nonchalant walk away, firing pulses of energy at buildings. 
The teenager ran to his bleeding friend and took his shivering body into his hands. Tears broke from his eyes as it was increasingly obvious that the boy would certainly perish. “Goddamn robots,” he muttered. “Goddamn robots!” he cried. And by Peach's hand, one less boy in the hood.
Deeper in the city, Peach continued demanding the location of the Pretty Killers. But as it was not in anyone’s knowledge, Peach’s response to their lack of information was to kill. “Where are the Pretty Killers?!” she screamed.
The people continued their fleeing. Peach fired a pulse into a car and lifted it from the ground. It crashed through a storefront window and exploded, setting the building on fire.
“Where are the Pretty Killers?!” Peach screeched, more shrill this time. Again no answer which prompted her to launch another pulse of energy.
“Looking for us, little lady?” Mimi said, standing atop the roof of a building with the other girls at her side.
“Perfect,” Peach said. She launched a pulse of energy at them, but the girls leaped from the ledge and evaded the blast, though it did take out a sizable chunk of the building’s top.
In mid-air, Mimi used her vines to take the hurtling crag into her control and tossed it at Peach. She easily broke through it with a punch. Kayzi dashed to the girl and threw a punch of her own at Peach, but Peach grabbed the fist and twisted it backwards. Then, she kicked the girl away. Honeybee ran up from behind and leaped into a flying kick, but Peach twirled around, grabbed the leg and whipped the girl into a building. Minnie approached. She twirled her quarterstaff, jumped, and took it into both hands with the intent to bash it into Peach’s head, but Peach’s legs spread and elongated to raise her high enough to render the attack useless as Minnie sailed through below. Minnie skidded into a spin and converted her staff into a shotgun. Jakkie came to Minnie’s side and prepared three arrows for launch. Mimi came to Minnie’s other side and held her rifle at ready. Together they aimed at Peach and fired their bright waves of ammunition at the girl, but when smoke cleared, they saw that not a scratch was laid upon Peach, for a yellow shell had emerged from her body to protect her. She retracted her shell and laughed. “Nice try, girls, but you—”
Peach’s words were stolen from her as Honeybee wrapped her whip around Peach’s neck to yank her onto her back. She used her hand to guide the pavement over the girl’s body, forming a tomb in blanket form. While Peach struggled to free herself, Kayzi took out both of her guns and fired a bullet from each. The projectiles swirled around each other, entwining their red trails on the way to Peach’s exposed head and in a thunderous burst of light, Peach’s head had been eradicated from the neck. The body ceased its moving and nothing more than sparking wires in a growing pool of blood were left behind. Kayzi blew smoke from her guns and returned them to their holsters. “One thing about head shots: They may not always get you a job in Hollywood, but they always get the job done in a fight.”
“Good job, whatever that was about,” Mimi said. “An anomaly messed up as that: The quicker dead, the better.”
The ladies nodded agreement, but found their present mind interrupted as the ground began to tremble. The road cracked and sprouted a series of arms that rose and grabbed each of the Pretty Killers’ limbs to whisk them off of their feet and hold them aloft. One more arm thrust up from the pavement and jammed its palm into Mimi’s throat to ram her into a brick wall. She struggled to gasp in the shattering impact. A yellow ooze rose from one of the cracks and stretched to the arm pinning Mimi to the wall before materializing into Peach’s body complete with a reformed head staring right into Mimi’s face. “Sorry to disappoint you, Mimi Lenoira, but I’m far from dead. I’m far from even getting started.” Peach called upon more arms to rise and hold their palms right in front of each of the girls’ faces. A light emerged and an electric whine tuned up in the hands. “Your end will be the beginning of Orlova Rule. Say your prayers.”
“Sorry, sweetie. I’m not that religious.” Mimi clenched her fist and called forth a flaming stone from the building to rush into Peach’s face. The crash gave the girl a jolt and the second Mimi needed to pull herself out of the hands’ grasp. Mimi jumped up and jammed her foot into Peach’s face to use the leverage to put herself above the action. “Wind’s edge!” she cried and sent from her hand a series of blades made from nothing more than air to slice through all of Peach’s arms. The girls fell to the ground with the ache of the tightened braces still fresh in their bodies. “You guys okay?” Mimi said.
The girls nodded.
The blackened skin on Peach’s face started to heal and turn to its normal color, but her breathing began to grow uneven. “Are you proud of your fancy little tricks? Well, guess what? I’ve got a few of my own.” Peach hurled wires from her hands and latched them onto the evacuated buildings on all sides of her. Sparks crackled along the lines and traveled up the structures. All electronic devices in the buildings, from toasters to televisions, began to quake as electricity arced over them. The devices lifted from their places and flew through the windows to take shape as a robotic army on the battleground below.
“Oh great, we’re dealing with Teenage Inspector Gadget with a god complex and an Allspark,” Mimi said.
“What kind of anomaly is this?” Kayzi asked, catching sight of the yellow ooze running from Peach’s palms to spread itself over the four hodgepodged frames. They formed blueish-gray skins in the images of Jakkie, Kayzi, Minnie and Honeybee.
“I’m no mere anomaly, Kayzi Muerte,” said Peach. “I’m a hybrid android designed solely for the purpose of your destruction. I have evolved far past the trivial faults of my original makeup. And the shadowbots I’ve created are programmed the same. Each equipped with the knowledge of all of your moves, they will most certainly make little work of you roaches. But you, Mimi Lenoira, I want the pleasure of ripping your self-righteous body to shreds myself. I want your guts to mix with the waste of the sewers.”
“What do you have against me? I don’t even know you.”
“But you know my aunt, and you murdered her. You brutally cut her down when she was set to take her rightful place as ruler of this world. As her blood runs through my veins, I will assume the reign for her.”
“Your aunt?” Mimi’s brow wrinkled as she pondered the girl’s accusation, but then an aforementioned name triggered a thought. “Wait, you’re related to that Russian Commissary chick?”
“She wasn’t just some ‘chick’! She was the queen of this world! And your death shall be my coronation in her place. The world will learn the name, and sing praises of it and their new queen: Peach S. Geldof Orlova.” Peach raised her fist and materialized a sword. “For the blood!” she screeched, and  she sent her army out to attack.
“’For the blood’? What the hell?” Mimi whispered quizzically to herself. She put her confusion out of her mind and sprung into battle with her sword at ready and her girls behind her.
“So, what’s the plan, Mimi?”
“Just kick butt, Honeybee. That’s the only way to deal with this level of crazy.” Mimi leaped with the intent to drop her sword into Peach, but Peach put up a sword of her own creation for defense and a loud clang resonated between them. Mimi jumped back into a skid, planted her feet, thrust her hand out and called out, “Stone Serpent!” A craggy snake slithered from the ground and darted for Peach, but she blasted an energy pulse into the oncoming surge’s mouth and shattered it into tiny boulders redirected at Mimi. Mimi set fire to her sword and swung it like a baseball bat to send one of the pitches swiftly back into Peach’s face. The familiar burn spun her around and sent her fury to a new level of conviction. To have such a trivial attack land upon royal skin, this could not go without redress in her mind, and with a sneer rolling over her lips she fired an enormous, glowing ball of energy from her hand. The massive orb easily sailed through a smoky dissipating image of Mimi and continued on course to the battling duo of Kayzi and her shadowbot. Kayzi took notice of the fast approaching electric ball and jumped into a kick off of the bot’s chest into a flip augmented with a conjured gust of wind to propel her out of the destruction’s path. Surely enough, the energy pulse collided with the shadowbot to eradicate it from existence beyond residue.
“Ha! Aim much!” cried a citizen from his apartment window.
“Well, that was a freebie,” said Kayzi as she landed. She ran to aid Mimi in her battle.
Peach stomped her foot to show her aggravation and the hate for Mimi rocketed to even higher proportions as insult and injury had been followed by embarrassment. She switched her sight to infrared vision in an attempt locate the girl by her body heat, but the scan proved unavailing until she turned into a punch right to the chin from Kayzi. As Peach had been knocked off her feet, Mimi came into sight to catch the girl by the hair and yank her down to slam her back on the ground. Mimi jabbed her boot into Peach’s throat to pin her against the road and pulled out her rifle. Peach aimed both her palms at Mimi and launched two simultaneous blasts, but Mimi relinquished hold to dodge the attack. Kayzi lifted her hand to shoot fire but Peach caught her arm and bent it back to twirl Kayzi around and kick her away before launching an energy pulse. Mimi threw herself into Kayzi’s body and she shoved her out of the blast’s way. Peach thrust her fist into the ground and called for more robotic arms to burst from the ground and throw punches at Mimi and Kayzi. The ladies did their best to avoid the attacks, but they eventually found themselves on the receiving end of many of the assaults.
Honeybee could see Mimi and Kayzi fighting through the punches to put up the greatest of their combat skills, but it was noticable that they were in a losing struggle. With a swing of her hammer, she smashed the shadowbot she was fighting into a wall. “We’ve got to go help Mimi and Kayzi,” she said to Jakkie and Minnie. The shadowbot pulled itself out of the deep print it left in the wall and returned to the fight without so much as a scratch or show of damage.
“We’re the ones who need help,” said Minnie. “It’s like this one clone knows all of our moves so we can’t even do the mismatched-clone-switch strategy.”
“We’ve got to do something!” Honeybee threw up a shield of ice to thwart an upcoming attack.
Jakkie, zipping back and forth in aerial combat, glanced down and noticed the shadowbot halted in the meeting with Honeybee’s ice. Honeybee spun into a kick to the bot. “That’s it!” Jakkie said.
“You’ve got a plan?” Minnie asked as she held her quarterstaff through a deadlock with her shadowbot.
“Follow my lead,” Jakkie flew backwards to put some distance between herself and her bot. Then, she put herself into a fast spin, all the while letting off a flurry of snow. The result of the spinning was four images of Jakkie coated in a layer of ice, floating in a row before the bot. Minnie and Honeybee reenacted Jakkie’s action and produced the same result of four blueish-gray copies.
The shadowbots charged forward, but stopped. They made a move forward again and paused, but the new ice clone armies they were facing held their weapons high and ran without reservation to their targets, prompting the shadowbots to decidedly spring into retaliation. Shadow Minnie shattered an ice-Minnie with a hit from her staff, turned and did the same to another. Then, she converted it to the shotgun mode and blasted three ice-Jakkies out of the sky. Shadow Jakkie fired two arrows at Shadow Minnie as the last ice-Jakkie launched an arrow at Shadow Honeybee. She stumbled forward from the impact of the blast and gave an opportunity to one of the ice-Honeybees to snap her whip around the ice-Jakkie to pull her out of the sky to crash into Shadow-Minnie. Shadow Jackie rushed to ice-Minnie’s aid, but ice-Minnie punched her in the face, rolled away and fired a blast of fire to melt away two ice-Honeybees. 
“What the hell is happening over there?” Kayzi said, dodging through the robotic arms to try to get clear shots at Peach.
Mimi hit the ground and skidded to a stop following a punch from Peach, but she came back to a shaky stand and watched, past Peach, the fray in the distance. “I don’t know if it’s that last punch, but I think I’m seeing triple.” She shook her head to readjust her mind and made her way for the opponent’s cackling face again.
Shadow Honeybee launched a wave of fire at Shadow Minnie who rolled out of its way and shot a flurry of bullets to take out the last two ice-Honeybees. Ice-Jakkie and Shadow Jakkie shot arrows from the sky and hit Shadow Honeybee and ice-Minnie, destroying them. The last ice-Minnie sent a series of ice shards from her hand to cut through ice-Jakkie’s arms to part them from the body, leaving the torso to hit the ground and break into chunks. Shadow Honeybee and Shadow Jakkie turned their aim to the two Minnies and called for heaves of stone to arc out of the ground on either side of them to smash them between two halves, but as ice-Minnie was able to steal her life away from the clutch of the rock, Shadow Minnie was not so lucky. The stones' halves came back to their place in the ground and revealed Shadow Minnie smashed flat and sparking. Ice-Minnie fired shotgun blasts through the remains of Shadow Minnie and hit Shadow Honeybee to blow both of them up. Shadow Jakkie thrust her hand forward and kicked up a wave that produced a dagger of stalagmite that stabbed through ice-Minnie’s chest and shattered her. A flinging of a whip came to take Shadow Jakkie by surprise as it wrapped around her neck tighter and tighter until it snapped her head off of her shoulders.
From atop the buildings looking down on the battlefield, the actual Minnie and Jakkie fired shots into Shadow Jakkie’s body to destroy her completely. The ladies dropped from their perches to meet real Honeybee on the street.
“That was a mighty fine plan, Jakkie,” Honeybee said.
“Thanks. Now, let’s go help our friends.”
Kayzi was already bleeding from her nose and ears, when she took another hit to her face. Mimi, beaten just as badly caught her to keep her from collapsing. As they stood holding each other up, Peach slowly walked to them, savoring the moment of the ladies at their weakest. She held her palm out and charged up a pulse of her energy. ”I don’t suppose you have any more clever quips this time, do you, Mimi Lenoira?”
“Not clever, but...” Mimi paused through her uneasy exhaling and looked up at Peach with a smirk. “Stop... hammer time.”
“What?”
The cold flat bash of Honeybee’s hammer came unannounced and let out a ringing echo as it whacked Peach high into the brick of one of the buildings where her ride ended painfully abrupt. She peeled out of the dent she made and fell limp twenty-eight stories to crash through the pavement hard enough to shake the ground. Dust briefly hung, but Peach clawed her way out of the hole with a scowl deeper than ever carved into her face. “That was not clever!”
“I said it wasn’t,” Mimi said with a chuckle.
Peach stood hunched, her back showing her angered heaving breaths. “You think this is some kind of joke? Let’s see how funny you think things are after I supercharge my DNA.” She launched wires from her palms and latched them onto power lines nearby. The crackles of electricity snapped loudly as they drew into the girl’s body to bulk it up to monstrous proportions. Her arms grew muscular, lumbering and hairy. Her tail doubled, her mouth filled with long, serrated teeth and eyes grew devoid of pupils. She whipped her hair that hung well below her waist and let out a deep roar out into the sky.
“They’ve always gotta go big, don’t they?” Kayzi said.
“Not this time. I’m ending this right now.” Mimi ran from the group and began in a hobble, but her pace picked up into a steady one. She gripped her weapon with both hands, and thick clouds rolled in over the city as her gallop picked up speed. “You want a charge, sweetie? I got’cha!” Mimi lifted her sword and leaped towards Peach. “Pretty Shining Diamond!” Mimi’s sword glowed in purple light and caught a bolt of lightning from the clouds. She let her hands wrap tighter around the sword’s handle and closed her eyes. Time slowed around the girl. The boom of the creature’s growl slowed to a low roll and the raise of its jaws held a heavy look as they eased so sluggishly open while the jagged electric arcs glowing over its body snaked just as laggard. The bolt hanging out of the sky to wrap around Mimi’s sword traveled like a molten metal string of bright white and illuminated the blade in a black and purple flame.
Time snapped into its proper progression and Mimi shot her eyes open. Her sword burst into tiny shards and continued drawing lighting out of the sky. Each sliver split the light up into rainbows before swirling together into one massive wave that sliced through the middle of Peach’s body. The trail of sparks wrapped around her halves and held them in place to run across her body and intensify in shock, sending her into pained growling. She convulsed, jerking faster and faster in place, glowing brighter and brighter until she burst into sparkles that sent a wave of electricity up the remaining wires traveling to the transformers throughout the nearby blocks. The surge set them off into sparks resulting in a sector breakdown at the power plant on the outskirts of town. The clouds dissipated and returned the sky to its original overcast as Mimi floated down to land safely on the street. The girls stepped up behind her and looked up to collectively observe the smoking wood and wires of the power lines signifying the inception of the blackout blanketing the city. The burning smell was thick. “Overdid it just a tad bit too much, huh?” Mimi said.
The girls nodded.
“Well, I guess that’s one to keep working on.”
“Aw, it’s all right,” said Minnie. “You know what I always say: ‘A blackout is better than an insane teenage android who wants to rule the world. Now, let me get back to my burrito.’” She pulled out her Big Bollocks Burrito and took a hefty bite.
“I think the only solace I’m feeling is from the fact that you, to the last detail including the burrito, have actually said that. I swear I don’t know where we’d be with your asininity, Minnie.”
“Yep, that’s me. Always ‘ass in’,” Minnie said, mouth full.
Mimi laughed and called for the girls to follow her to the roofs.
“So, how did you guys handle the shadowbots?” Kayzi asked.
“It was simple,” Jakkie said as she, in flight, followed the girls hopping from roof to roof. “When Honeybee put up her ice shield, I noticed that the shadowbot hesitated to attack. It was then that I realized that though we all looked the same, the reason the bots attacked us and not each other was that we had a different color scheme than them. They identified gray as an ally and skin color as an enemy. So, I figured that if they saw the enemy turn into a color near that of the ally—namely through the use of the ice clones—it would confuse them. And it would confuse them even more if they saw the allies of the enemy being enemies to each other. In the end, they destroyed each other, once again proving that computers are only as smart as the one who’s programming them.”
Kayzi frowned. “Okay... wait, one more time, but slower.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Oh, my God, these sundae pancakes are so good, mamí,” said Jina as she enjoyed her dish while sitting at the island in the center of the dim kitchen. She sunk her fork into the tower stacked with pink, brown, and golden pancakes topped with banana slices and a helping of whipped cream. “They’re so fluffy, and I swear they taste just like Neapolitan ice cream.”
Sitting on a counter with Doctor, Trecille held a grin as bright as her still-blonde hair. “I’m glad you like it, coquí. It was a thing I saw on the Internet that I thought would be fun to try. I couldn’t have done it without my sous chef here... who I just had sex with!” She burst into an exuberant and fulfilled cackle.
Down in Jina’s throat, a heave full of her last bites met with new ones. She covered her mouth in case she lost the strength to hold back the vomit but pushed her self to swallow her contents. “Oh, my god. Oh, my god. No, I did not just hear that.”
“Come on, Tre, don’t do that to your daughter.”
“I shouldn’t tell her that it was so wet, we should’ve put down coasters on the counters?”
Jina dropped her fork and put her hands up in defeat and utter disgust. “I’m done. I'm so done. That’s the last time I help you when you’re sad.”
Trecille put her head on Doctor’s shoulder and went into a fit of giggles.
“You’ll have to excuse your mother. I think she’s still on those  antihistamines,” Doctor said.
“And you’re just fine with this? You advocate this gross display of substance abuse?”
“She’s fine.”
“That’s right,” Trecille said, slurring. “He gave me the thorough check up, and all the vitals were looking perfect.” As she went into another round of laughter, Jina left as quickly as possible.
Tomika entered the room with a tinge of bewilderment. “Um... I’m kinda afraid to ask, but did I just hear what I think I heard?”
“It was nothing, Tomika. Your mother was just teasing Jina.”
“Now, come here. Congratulate me on gettin’ laid.” Trecille raised her hand and eagerly awaited the response of a high-five.
Tomika held a straight, impassive glare and turned to leave.
“Forget you, then. My vagina’s the one that deserves the high-five anyway.” Trecille dropped her arm and held it limply beside her body. “For... staying good after Jina’s big-ass head or whatever.” Trecille’s words trailed away as her eyes slipped closed.
Doctor shook his shoulder. “Tre. Tre, wake up. Don’t you want to go lie down on the couch or something? Tre?”
Trecille began snoring and it brought a chuckle out of Doctor. He put his arm around Trecille and laid his head on top of hers, but Trecille’s arm shot up and smacked him in the face.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Although Northern State residences remained in darkness for blocks, streams of headlights rolled through the streets to provide the metropolis with small illumination under the night sky, and the promise of soon-to-be fully restored electricity had been broadcast over radio waves and messaged to mobile devices to assure the people that the rise of Monday morning would recur as habitual and common as before. And as that stood with most to be a blend of relief in a reacquainting with an undeniable essential of modernity and a bitter realization that the dreaded morning would carry on as the grievous usual, Daisy and Kayleigh’s view of dawn carried a rather unusual and intimidating prospect for concern. Again, they sat atop the factory roof with nothing but their jackets and jeans between them and the stabbing chill of all beyond them. They had decided to forgo the harbor of the war-torn fortress for the clarion resonance of answers the lights of the sky could offer with regard to the current sentiments and hints of penitence.
“Kayleigh...,” Daisy said, “if you built Peach and me the same way, why didn’t I freak out when you said you wanted to give up on the world domination plot?”
“Did you just call me Kayleigh?”
“I figured that if I’m gonna try to live a regular life with you, it would make more sense for us to be sisters or cousins rather than parent and daughter. It’d be confusing for a twenty-something to have a teenage kid. Even with an adoption story, we just look too similar. But about Peach and me, why don’t I think like her?”
“I guess I just made a mistake. I made the mistake of thinking that there was such a thing as perfection, and that humans could be made perfect by putting computer-like cognizance in them. But machines only work as well as the person controlling them, and Peach was being controlled by me and I was being controlled by Niki and she had been controlled by our father. It was a long line of imperfection. Just pure human error in all of us.”
“So, are you gonna rebuild Peach?”
“Well, that depends. Do you want me to?”
Daisy wrapped her arms around her legs, bundling them to her chest to rest her chin on her knees. She stared solemnly off to the distant ledge lining the horizon of purple and black figures as the wind rushed in and around her. She gently shook her head. “No,” she whispered. “For the same reason you didn’t just clone Niki, I want to remember Peach how she was even if she did go banana-nut bonkers.” She smiled and pushed her hair back behind her ear. “I am gonna miss hanging out with her, but I just can’t replace our relationship like that. It’s better this way. I’m fine.”
“That’s good. But it still scares me that something like you and Peach were possible. Your existence presents grim possibilities in the future when technology is more advanced and someone just as brilliant as I am, but not as compassionate does what I’ve done. It’s almost as if our imagination and inquisitive nature might be our undoing.”
“Oh, my god, Kayleigh, could you be more depressing? It’s like all you’re thinking about business and death. They thought twenty years ago that we would have hover boards and self-tying shoes by now. But all we got was badly compressed music files and cars that still use fossil fuel. Even with Mohr’s Law by Japanese standards in mind, do you think people will manage to do artificial intelligence as complex as mine in the near future and then use it for evil? Face it, no one’s gonna be as smart as you. As long as we keep all of this a secret, there’s nothing to worry about. Everything will be fine, I promise. With the way Peach was killed, I don’t think she could be reverse engineered. It’ll be okay.”
Kayleigh's look was low and stern. “You may have learned a lot over these past couple of months, Daisy, but books can only teach you so much. There’s things you’ve just gotta experience to understand.”
“Well, now I’ll get the chance to do all of that, right?”
Kayleigh stole a glance, one long enough to show the tears in her eyes contrasting Daisy’s smile.
“Kayleigh, what’s the matter?” Daisy asked.
“I’m sorry, Daisy. I love you.” Kayleigh jumped up and pulled out a gun from inside her jacket to take aim at the Daisy’s startled and frozen face.
Daisy took a chance to escape, but a bang echoed out and splashed the contents of the girl’s head over the gravel. Her face was staring frightened into the far parts of the night. The body shivered on its way to breaking down back to the parts that created it, prompting Kayleigh to turn away as it became evermore unbearable to watch. Her hand held a trembling grip around the gun’s handle as her sobbing grew stronger, but she took a deep breath and let the wind take her tears away. She put both hands on the gun to steady her aim and brought the warm barrel to rest just below her mouth. “To li dozhdik, to li sneg...” she whispered.
It was barely a chirp to those in the limited iridescence, and to the ones in earshot, it was nothing strange, not unlike an audible argument or the sounds of sirens rushing to the corners of the city. This was the nature of it all. Some laugh, some cry, another died in the wasteland of weathered rock and rust. And this makeshift sepulcher served to answer the question she left to stain the roof of the factory. It showed the tenacity of the inanimate to withstand the most brutal elements while the intangible within the body was so fragile, could only take so much before untimely collapse. Like the snap of bone from years of pushing against a stone wall with sheer determination. It was a death punctuated with the unsure but assumed sight that the cast of more blood on her hands would come of her brilliance in creation and twisted dark in the measures of unsavory minds. But as she knew how inquisitive as her kind was, it could be left to wonder with the recurring visions of the hours before, and then the months before, was she too much for the world or had the world been too much for her?




Chapter Nine
He Loves You Not


There are many truths operating in a known manner, such as the revolution of planets throughout galaxies here and unknown. But as humans are granted to traipse through the existence of the modern sciences and advanced society as well as the ancient crust of earth, nothing in inevitability and inducing of abhorrence could surpass the aphorism of death and taxes like that of the dreaded Monday morning. And while some had developed tourniquet-like stratagems to cope with, if not defeat, the snatching of autonomy for which the the weekday was known, the preponderance of many workers and school bound teenagers especially could not help but to find themselves bent to the whip of the returning inorganic and incorporeal. Praying in ritual for the weekend, vacation, or some sort of permanent comfort with complementary luxuries. But in the face of the archaic psychosis ingrained in the Hester Prynne™ student body (as well as much of the staff), one teacher was ready to perform the magic that a good breakfast had day after day failed to accomplish, and alleviate the plague of said sense while also holding a hope to issue in a new order of kids fit to tackle the day’s polynomial equations and stoichiometric evaluations with a self-restoring feeling of exuberance never before seen at the school. And what could possibly be this supposed superior cure-all short of the superintendent’s axed idea of desks fitted with mechanisms for the Ludovico Technique? It would be the irrefutably pure and raw mysticism found in the physical conditioning resulting from a positively good yoga workout.
“Deep calm breaths,” Guru Muse instructed in her placid tone, her wide eyes’ grace held in serenity. She was dressed as angelic as possible in a loose, white frock and beige pants that flowed down to her bare feet. She sat with both legs folded under her.
To the students sitting the same as she, her commands always seemed to leave her lips with a considerably eerie smile, and it was one that had been in permanent residence since she was chosen by the superintendent to replace Coach Mademoiselle Michelle as the physical education instructor. Though Guru Muse was seen by many of her fellow workers as a new-age hippie and an altogether poor choice for such a prominent position, she did in fact have the education to prove her competence for supervising the coaches that had been hired for the athletic programs reinstated following the deal with the school’s new benefactors. But she constantly degraded her credentials with her devotion to her craft.
“All right, my children... fish pose!” Guru Muse unfolded her legs to lay them straight and stiff as she bent backwards until the top of her head touched the floor behind her. “Let your spirit imbibe the water of the ancient truth. Oh, Indra! Give me your rain!” she cried, inducing concern and confusion in the students as they attempted to contort their spines to the position of their guru’s. Their attempts went fruitless as Guru Muse carried on to the next pose. “Cobra, my children. Co-braaaa!” she screamed as she pushed herself up to stand on her hands and roll into an upright position on her stomach with her legs still stiff and an arch opposite of the last in her back. She ripped off her hairband to unleash her tresses in a whip of the head. “Co-braaaaaa!”
As those made familiar to the bending demanded of the poses, Jina and Tomika found no difficulty in executing the positions, while their peers labored to twist to the guru’s caliber, especially Beef whose stature was all against the contorting. He unraveled out of a fetal-like stretch to his knees and sprawled out on his back on the floor, his belly rising and falling from the respiration needed to bring his vital organs back to a normal temperature. “Holy crap!” he said, wheezing. “Looks like I’m gonna need another shot of adrenaline.” He pushed himself to roll over and settled into a flop with intentions to maximize the felicity received as he partook of the view of Jina and Tomika with their hind-parts in motion. He moistened his lips and traced their hips’ contour painting lovely silhouettes in black tights. “My God, look at that booty.”
“Like, seriously get a life,” Jina called back. “You’ve been ogling us all class. Just stop it, you creep.”
“Calm down, creampie. Ain’t nobody checkin’ out your 2-by-4 ass. I was talking about your sister. She’s got ass so crazy, it oughta be called Gary Busey or Britney Spears in 2007. I wanna calculate the density of that butt for my science homework.”
“Guru Muse, can I please have permission to slap some sense into this brother from Too Wide Crew over here?” Tomika said. “His entire existence is upsetting my chakra.”
“Calm yourself, my child,” Guru Muse said. Your aura may be the darkest of everyone in here.”
“Is that a black joke? 'Cause I ain’t afraid to punch a teacher if it is.”
“Just relax, my child. You should be proud of any attraction to your hips and such. It just means that males see your loins as those suitable for repeatedly bearing children.”
Tomika’s face crunched into an ugly display of anger. “What?!”
“Believe me, Tomika,” Beef said, “childbirth is the last thing  I’m thinking about when I’m masturbating to the thought of you.”
Tomika’s face smashed further into aggravation. “What?!”
“One time I thought about doing you while you were making me dinner, and when I ejaculated, it wasn’t even the normal kind.”
“Whaaaat?!”
“Okay, children. We have ten minutes left in our class, so give yourselves a rinse down and change. And all of the love and peace that we created in our time together, I hope you take that with you onto your classes today. Namaste.” Guru Muse put her hands together and bowed.
“Namaste,” the class disjointedly responded.
“Chicken fillet,” said Morgan before popping  the last bite of a sandwich into her mouth.
“Oh, Morgan, I think your aura may be the brightest I’ve ever seen in all my years as a guru.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying,” Morgan said through chewing. “But they don’t wanna hear me. I swear girls be throwin’ shade like major league pitchers around here.” She cleared the crumbs from her hands and just as she stood to join the other girls in the locker room, Beef called her name and, not without a display of effort, he rolled to her feet. “Dude, you’re seriously into this yoga stuff, huh?” she said, looking down at him, bemused. “What is that, rolling log pose or something?”
“It’s I-can’t-get-up-’cause-this-class-broke-my-back pose. But I just wanted to talk to you for a second.”
“Well, I really did wanna wash up, but—” Morgan sniffed both her arm pits and guided a wave of air up from her legs. “I guess I’m good. What’s up?” she sat down next to him.
“You know that Homecoming Hoedown dance coming up?”
“Yeah, and super-kudos to the superintendent for getting all that together after that whole thing with Coach Michelle. He’s so bent on getting this school a championship, so it’s cool that the athletic people let us start the football season late.”
“Uh... yeah, I know. I go to this school, too. I didn’t need the exposition. But anyway, I was hoping that maybe you would like to go with me to the dance. I don’t think I have a chance with anyone else, and I’m not trying to make you sound like a last resort. You’re just the coolest dude-with-boobs at the school, and I’d hate to see you come up in here with some douche bag. Besides, you know I keep that white girl—Christina Aguilera.”
“Dude, I'm only half-white. And isn’t Christina only half-white, too?”
“Not according to Young Jeezy and I’m pretty sure we can trust his knowledge on something like that.”
Morgan laughed. “Of course I’ll go with you. You’re seriously like the funniest guy here, and I love guys who make me laugh.”
“Isn’t that pretty much anyone?”
“Dude, yes, exactly! See, you totally get me. And we’ve got so much in common. I mean we both think Tomika has a nice booty, and we’re both children of mayors. How’s your dad doing with all  those perjury and extortion charges and stuff?”
“I don’t wanna talk about it.”
“Whatever. If you keep playing your cards right, I might even introduce you to my little Coochie.”
Beef’s eyes shot open.
“Full disclosure: Coochie’s my pet cat.”
Beef’s face squashed to a frown.
“But I don’t just introduce anyone to Coochie. She’s special to me. She’s my little friend. Her fur even matches my armpit hair.” Morgan raised her arms to display the sprigs of hair in her armpits.
“What the—? You don’t shave that business? Like, none of it?”
“For what? It’s not like I’m a stripper or something.”
“Girls are supposed to shave. It’s been law since the ‘80s.”
“But I like my hairy legs and stuff. They make me feel like I’m full of cotton candy and it’s coming out of me like a Play-Doh Fun Factory thing.”
“Ugh, never mind. Deal’s off.” Beef rolled away, muttering to himself. “Nasty. Just nasty.”
Morgan shrugged and rolled away in the opposite direction.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

And then did run the chime of hourly bells to tell of another class that had come. Like hoards of bovine, the students flooded from their stables with an eagerness found in the permission to get away as quickly as possible only to rush into an indolence made of an apprehension to arrive early to the captivity from which they had just fled. It was an hour-after-hour, then day-after-day cycle to which they had become accustomed and ultimately inert towards. And since Principal O’Lanski chose to use mental conditioning to despise the adolescents over whom he held dominion, he was not for strolling the halls without high reason. The hermetic attitude came of Pavlovian defenses based on a color pattern that induced his most teeth-grinding memories of embarrassment made in his own stint through high school. It was a pain just bearable enough to keep him in a numbness that allowed him to be a good amount of jaded whenever he was forced to venture into the pond of vapid matters and ragged grammar. “Mr. Kearney,” Principal O’Lanski called out over the roving and rambling kids. “Come here.”
Marc turned and found the principal with a younger-looking man, both waving for him to closer. He closed his locker door and walked up to them.”What’s up, sir?”
“This is Adam Campbell, President of Original Content—or O.C.—for TeenNick.”
“Don’t call it that,” Marc said to Principal O’Lanski. He turned to Adam. “President, really? You look about the same age as me.”
“I’m 19,” Adam said in his light British articulation. Like, from around Liverpool or something. “Chairman Nick thought it made sense for someone close to the demographic to oversee some of the channel’s operations.”
“So, he got a British teen for the job?”
“We try not to question Chairman Nick’s management style, but in his defense, I do have an extensive knowledge of television programming. My father once was a producer. He worked on that show Comin’ Atcha.”
Marc and Principal O’Lanski stood in a fog of puzzlement.
“It was in 1999.... Three black girls? ...Singing and whatnot?”
“I have no idea what you are talking about,” Marc said.
Principal O’Lanski could not bring up understanding either. He put his attention into a folder bulging with reports provided by the sponsors.
“Anyway, Viacom sent me here to get some first-hand data on how the renovations were being received. But I also wanted to see how you would feel about doing a show with your new girlfriend. Now, I know you’ve stated that the reason you came to the States was to get away from this kind of thing, but just hold your answer until you hear the premise.”
“What is it?”
“Get this. The name of the show is called Prove Your Love, and it’s a game show where six girls compete to be your girlfriend. And I already know you’re thinking ‘this sounds familiar’, but here’s the twist. Not only will your current lady compete but a choice by your parents will be thrown in just to shake things up. What do you think? Your head’s probably swimming from how amazing this is, right?”
“Well, you’re right about me thinking it sounds familiar. Very familiar.”
“Okay, wait, I didn’t mention that there’s physical challenge rounds and trivia rounds. And that your fans are dying to see you and Danielle back on screen together, even if it is in this manner. It’ll be a perfect introduction to the US audience before TeenNick shows the syndicated episodes of Hautemonde, next year.”
“Are you serious? The fans? The fans from Canada wanna see this? I thought they were all done with us since CTV said they weren’t going to carry the show after the current season.”
“Yes, ratings have been very low, and the production company turned down our offer to co-produce a new season where the past cast came back in college, but the point you’re missing is that your show still has a large cult following. You’ve got a loyal group out there.”
A surprised smile shone on Marc’s face. “I guess I’ve just been out of the loop since I came to the States. I assumed that they moved on and loved the new kids like they loved us.”
“Not at all. It’s like with the cast of Power Rangers. Of course the new guys were great, but die-hard fans who were there since the beginning will always have a soft spot for the original cast.”
“Well, as much as I’d like to make the fans happy— I mean I know Danielle would love to do it, but I’m sorry, dude. I just don’t think it’ll be a good idea. I definitely know Tomika won’t like it.”
“Tomika won’t like what?” Tomika said as she and Morgan—now in their school uniforms—stepped to Marc’s side. Morgan’s smile quickly blossomed upon sight of Adam.
“Forget what you don’t like, I see something I can fall in love with.” Morgan shoved Tomika out of her way to put her body up against Adam’s. “Hi, I’m Morgan Harischandra. I’m half-Lebanese and ‘party-amorous’. It’s like polyamorous, but it includes inanimate objects and fictional characterrrrrrrs.” Morgan screeched in pain as Tomika pulled her, by the hair, away from Adam.
“What won’t I like, Marc?” Tomika calmly asked.
“This is Adam Campbell from TeenNick and he wants you and I to do a show together.”
“What, like a reality show or something?”
“A game show,” Adam said. “But not just any game show. There’s gonna be action, and drama, and surprises. I mean we’ve already got Tila Tequila on-board as host and— Oh, my God!” Adam threw himself down to Tomika and Marc’s feet to tightly wrap his arms around their legs. “Please, please, please do the show! This is my first production gig, and I’m way in over my head. I promised the network that I’d bring them a new show and if I don’t get this pilot made by the end of the week, I’m gonna lose my job and then they’re gonna cancel my college scholarship, and my work visa, and I’m gonna have to go back to my dad’s smug arse back in Bristol.”
Oh, he was from Bristol? Oh... well, then. Morgan dropped to her knees, and sobbed at Marc and Tomika’s mercy beside Adam.
“Come on guys, this dude’s not just a dude; this dude’s a bloke. Don’t make him go back to Bristol Palin! I’ve already planned our kids’ names: Harry, Ron, and Hermione!”
“What do you think?” Marc said to Tomika. “Adam seems like he really needs our help, and it looks like Morgan will be struck with some serious heartache if he has to leave.”
“Morgan gets struck with serious heartache after she finishes a bowl of cereal. That’s how she is. She’ll get over it. But I don’t know this other guy. Why should I care if he loses his job?”
“Come on, Tomika. It might be fun. It wouldn’t hurt to help.”
Tomika sighed and shrugged. “Fine. Yeah, why not? Apparently, I need to brighten my aura anyway. And I mean it’s just gonna be like the Newlywed Game or something, right?”
“Something like that, I guess.”
“Guys. Guys! Guys!” Tomika shouted over the weeping. “We’ll do it. Get off of me.”
Morgan and Adam stopped crying in pain and began crying in joy in their embrace. “Oh, my God! Thank you. Thank you. You two are amazing. I love you.” Morgan kissed Tomika’s leg.
“Get off,” Tomika said low and tersely.
“Sorry.” Morgan and Adam relinquished their hold and got up onto their feet.
Adam wiped his nose on his sleeve. “You two are lifesavers. And don’t worry. If you wanna fix it where Tomika wins, we can do that. I just need you two to just show up ‘cause if all this goes well, I’ll get to produce a whole season.”
“Hey, can I be in the show?” said Beef.
Principal O’Lanski took his focus away from the papers he had been reading. “Who said that?” He looked from left to right.
“Down here.”
“Dude, you’re still in rolling log pose?” said Morgan. “Nice.”
“Mr. Kilroy, what are you doing on the floor?”
“Right now, I’m enjoying this beautiful view my girlfriend is giving me. FYI: I changed my mind Morgan, I’m totally cool if you don’t mow your lawn.”
Morgan sputtered out a bashful laugh and gripped the hem of her skirt to tighten it around her thighs. “Don’t pay attention to him. He’s not my boyfriend. Believe me, I’m single as a dollar bill, or a squid bill in your case.”
“It’s quid,” said Marc. “And it’s a coin in England, not a bill.”
“What, like those Pocahontas coins we had? They have dollar coins over there?”
“Since 1983,” Adam said.
“Sacajawea, Morgan,” Marc said.
Morgan ignored Marc and burst into an awful guffaw. “I don’t mean to laugh in your extremely handsome face, but that’s just so stupid. I feel sorry for the strippers. But speaking of strippers, how about you come over to my place for some perfect snogging.”
“You know what, that sounds delightful,” Adam said. “But just so you know, I fancy a broad with a great knowledge of television, like myself. Why don’t you watch all the episodes of Coronation Street and then call me so we have something to talk about.”
“Oh, I know that show!” Morgan said. “It comes on the CBC all the time. How many seasons are there? Like four or five?”
“Yeah..., give or take.”
“Will do, guv’nor. I’d watch a marathon of whatever you want me to,” Morgan said, copying Adam’s accent. She giggled.
“Peachy,” Adam said.
“I don’t believe you, Morgan!” Beef exclaimed. “I thought we had something special. I mean I already planned our kids’ names: Harry, Ron, and Herherpes. My God, I didn’t think anything could hurt worse than sciatica... but I guess it’s heartache,” he said with his feigning of pain obvious to all. “I think the only thing that can ease my pain is my own group of hoes competing for my love. Can you make that happen, preferably with some Filipinos? But none of those cleaning-woman-looking Filipinos. I want those Filipinos that care more about looking cool than actual being smart, and make sure they’re not so down with their heritage that they know the language or make me try some of their nasty looking food. No shemales, either. Okay, shemales. But only if they keep their pants on and if they’ve got well-done implants.”
“Shut up and get up off the floor, Mr. Kilroy, unless you want to roll your fat ass to detention,” Principal O’Lanski said.
“I’d be careful with that name-calling, Principal O’Lanski. I’m an injured student. You know what kind of lawsuit that is? If you were to help persuade Pretty Boy Brit over here to give me a show, it might be enough to keep me and my lawyers occupied.”
“I’m not gonna stand here and be blackmailed by a student. Get your fat ass to class and try to learn something.”
“And sorry mate. I can’t just give you a show like that,” Adam said. “Do you how complicated a pitch can be? I had to promise to the execs that Tila Tequila would be a part of my show before they gave me clearance to pursue this pilot. Do you think I wanted her to be a part of this?”
“Oh, dude, yeah, I want Tila on my show, too. She’s definitely one of those hot Filipino chicks,” Beef said.
“Vietnamese,” Marc said.
“I don’t know. I’m pretty sure Jeezy said she was Filipino.”
“This is why I hate you kids,” said Principal O’Lanski, pointing to Beef. “This crap like this. If you wanna sue me, fine, Mr. Kilroy. But I hope your parents are proud of the scum they’ve made. I feel sorry for your generation.” Principal O’Lanski made a couple steps into a storm away, but he returned to add to his hanging outburst. “You know what, I’m not sorry. I’m actually amused by this stupid generation because you all are so misguided that you’re gonna kill yourselves in a civil war of politically-correct-gay-rights-advocates versus hip-hop-lyric-memorizing-misogynists. It’s just gonna be so hilarious. Oh, it’s gonna be really, really hilarious, then, isn’t it?” He finished his storming away.
“You mad?” Beef called. “Yeah, he mad. So, about my show?”
“No show, mate. What attracted the execs to my pitch was the fact that I was bringing in celebrities. No offense to you, but you’re not famous enough. You’re funny, and you’ve got a bravado that’s great for the telly, but just not for this project. Maybe we can work something out, later.”
“Oh, my God, he’s so nice,” Morgan whispered to Tomika. “For real, if he wants the jenna, he can totally get it.”
Tomika cringed.
“Fine, I understand,” Beef said. “But at least it’s not a total loss. I mean in the time I’ve been down here, I got to see Tomika and Morgan’s panties.”
Tomika tightened her fist. “All right, that’s it! Screw my aura’s color!” She put all of her ardor and might behind a sledgehammer-like drop of her heel into the boy’s face. The school’s bells drowned out by his pained scream.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Five minutes. Five minutes til we start the show,” Adam said to the studio audience patiently chattering amongst itself. He went back to the plywood skeleton of the game show’s set. Tomika was there backstage, waiting and costumed in a pink and white blouse tucked into a satin skirt with a lacy apron wrapped around her waist. She propped herself up against a wall and was putting all of her concentration into keeping her balance in the roller skates that were a part of her retro carhop outfit.
“Um, Adam...,” Tomika said as she flailed her arms following a push off of the wall, “I guess I should’ve asked before I agreed to this, but exactly what kind of games will be in this show, anyway?” She slipped, but halted a fall. “And where’s the other contestants?”
Most of Adam’s attention was tuned to the checklist displayed on his organizer and the muddled correspondence coming into his head from the other stage hands. He pulled his headphones down to sit around his neck and brought his eyes up to acknowledge the girl. “Everything will be explained in a few minutes, and the other contestants—”
“Are right here,” said Morgan as she nimbly rolled to Tomika with Britney and Kerou skating just as well along.
“Britney? Kerou? I get Morgan being here, but how’d you guys get roped into this?”
“We’re the best that they could do in short notice,” Kerou said.
“Dude, when did we get a studio around here?” Morgan said.
“No, the question is how did you guys learn how to skate so well?” Tomika said.
“This whole night’s just full of surprises, baby sister,” said Jina with a thick Spanish accent as she skated to the little crowd.
“Shalom aleichem!” Tomika screamed upon seeing her sister’s face painted with thick lipstick, heavy mascara, and pencil-thin eyebrows arched to the point of an involuntary mix of surprise and anger. “Jina, what the hell is up with your makeup?”
“Uh-uh, chica. I’m not Jina, tonight,” she said with a wave of the finger. “I’m Luna DeSol, a roughneck Boricua from a broken home in Chicago who’s looking for a dude who knows how to work her lady lumps and ain’t afraid to put a ring on this.”
“Yeah, whatever this is,” Tomika said, eying up the caricature her sister was painting.
“Hey, if they want a show, we’re gonna give it to ‘em, right?” Luna said.
“What’s up, ladies, you ready for the show?” said a woman.
Morgan took the voice settling familiar into her ears as a cue to whip her head around and see that it was, in fact, Tila Tequila arriving. “Duuude! It’s mother-effing Tila Tequila!” She rushed over to wrap her arms around the busty little sylph and pressed her face up against hers. “Holy crap, you smell just as fergalicious as I thought you would. Like Skittles and whipped cream.”
“Um... thank you? I guess. I’ve gotta get ready. Do you mind letting go?”
“I’ll never let go, Tila,” Morgan whispered. “I’ll never let go.”
Tomika examined the black and white ramparts on Tila’s shirt, as well as the black pants and sneakers. “So, are you, like, the referee or something?” 
“Oh, no. I’m the host of the show. This is just my uniform for my side job at Lady Foot Locker.”
“Really? They let you work there?”
“I’m kidding! Duh, silly! No, I just came from a photo shoot for my blog. And I really need to go change, like, right now.” Tila ripped herself from the grip of Morgan’s affection to take a quick stroll to the wardrobe rack where she proceeded to undress.
“Wouldn’t you like to go to a dressing room?” Britney asked.
“No time. Show business and modesty are not always friends. Good thing it doesn’t take much to make me look pretty.”
Luna turned her nose up. “Who... who said you were pretty?” 
Tila made a snide laugh. “What?”
“Time to make magic, ladies,” Adam said. “Tila, I need you out there reading the cards in ten seconds. Contestants, you wait right where you are until you get the cue. Then, I want you all roll out. Got it?”
“Got it.”
“All right, let’s go, go, go. Music’s playing, time’s a-wasting.”
In a shimmering silver dress and four-inch stiletto high-heels, Tila took the microphone Adam presented to her and hurried past the ladies to take her place in the eyes of the cameras, comfortable under all of the lights where she soaked up the accolades of the audience looking down on her from the stands. The show’s set was a mock-up of a 1950’s-style soda shop styled with a black and white tile floor and a large wrap-around counter.
“Wow, this all looks amazing, right guys? Anyway, Welcome to Prove Your Love: The show that helps young lovers see if what they’ve got is as good as they think it is. I’m your host: Tila Tequila and—”
“I love you, Tila!”
“I love you, too,” Tila called back to the audience member and prompted them to erupt into a roar of applause. “Okay, calm down guys. It’s not about me. It’s about this sexy slab of Canadian bacon we’ve got here. From the hit teen drama Hautemonde, coming to TeenNick in January, everybody give it up for Marc Kearney.”
No sooner than the slightest show of Marc’s presence on the stage did the female members of the crowd burst into spastic cries like he, himself, was the grandest deity permeating their souls to send them into the farthest reach of glee that can exist within the fragile limits of the human body. They held signs aloft to make their undying fanaticism of his and Danielle’s characters known.
“Wow, they really, really love you, Marc,” Tila said. “I think I’m jealous. You might’ve just stolen my fan out there.” She laughed.
“I gotta say I’m really surprised,” Marc said as he scanned the spectators. “I really thought the fans moved on to the new cast.”
“We’ll never move on, Jackson!” a girl called. “You and Violet are endgame!” She and a choir of hundreds burst back into cheers.
“Guys, guys, settle down,” Tila said. “We’ve got lots of show to get to, so let’s get started. Let’s find out what this thing is about.”
Meanwhile, backstage, Morgan and Britney has succeeded in showing Tomika some techniques for keeping her balance in roller skates. “Oh, my goddess! I’m doing it, guys! Look!” Tomika skated around before coming into a pirouette and stopping. “This is fun.”
“Hey, Tomika, Danielle’s here.”
“What?!” Tomika spun into the surprise flash of a camera and the heavy chortle of Joely who was accompanied by Danielle with costume and skates donned.
“Oh, this face!” Joely laughed at Tomika’s disfigured visage in the photo she had just taken. “This is gonna be my new wallpaper.”
“Adam, you didn’t say Danielle was going to be in this show.”
“Oh, yeah.” Adam winced. “Part of the show is that the family can place a choice in. I guess I did skip that very minute detail.”
“Yeah, no kidding. Did Marc know about this?”
Morgan skated into Tomika’s sight. “Tomika, you’re not gonna kill my boyfriend, are you? I really don’t want our kids to grow up without a father.”
“Morgan, you do know how conception works, don’t you?” Kerou said.
“Uh, duh! My boyfriend’s British. He’s obviously already used his TARDIS to impregnate my future self.”
“There’s nothing to fret about, Tomika,” Adam said. “I’m quite sure Danielle’s sensitive to the fact that you and Marc are an item. Aren’t you, Danielle? This is just for fun, right?”
“Of course,” Danielle lilted, flashing a toothy grin as she rolled up to Tomika’s face. “Not! You’re going down like a girl who can’t skate well.” She shoved Tomika at the chest and sent her flailing to the ground.
Joely came to Danielle’s side to add into her affront a cackle.
“You both reek of hairspray and scotch,” Tomika said.
There was shock of embarrassment as the women backed up to check their breath.
“Okay, let’s meet our contestants,” Tila said.
“That’s your cue, girls,” said Adam. “Let’s go.”
Danielle put her nose up into the air and rolled off.
“Go get him, Danielle. I’m rooting for you,” Joely called out.
Luna went to Tomika and helped her back up to her feet. “Hey, you want me to shank her?”
“I know Marc’s got my back, so I’m not worried.”
“That’s the spirit,” Adam said. “Just try to have fun.”
The girls rolled out to the same deafening cries that Marc had met, and it was apparent that they were all for Danielle. But also speckled throughout the crowd were the fans who had no remorse in showing on posters their displeasure with Marc and Tomika’s relationship by displaying morbid illustrations of Tomika.
“Yeah... fun,” Tomika said to herself.
“Well, we see the sexy outfits and this cute restaurant setting, so tell the ladies what kind of hijinks they’ll be getting into, Marc,” Tila said.
“Gladly.” Marc turned to the girls and began to speak, but he yelped when he saw Luna.
“What’s-a-matter, ain’t ‘chu never seen a lady before?” Luna said with some neck snapping and her hands on her hips.
Marc shook his shock away. “Anyway. We’ve got a three-stage course and all of it is symbolic of things that I went through in Canada. First up, ingredients for poutine are gonna be shooting  from cannons all around these counters and your job is to catch the fries, cheese, gravy, and Montreal-style smoked meat in the buckets that Tila’s giving each of you right now. Once you do that, rush back to the table where she and I will be sitting and dump the contents onto the plates on these electric scales. Any food that touches the ground does not count. The first one to get to 100 ounces can go through the kitchen doors over there. Switch your skates for stilettos, put on the dress that’ll be back there and then hurry through the flashbulb mirror maze. Once you finish that, climb up the hill, sled down, and use the shovel to dig all the way through the three-foot-thick wall of snow and ice. Everybody got it?”
The girls gave determined nods and went into readied stances.
Tila pulled Marc back to a table opposite of the semi-circle of pristine white counters armed with hidden foodstuffs. “Keep it a clean fight, ladies. Well, as clean as you can. Oh, and watch out for our little surprises.” 
Morgan gasped, eyes wide and excited. “Like temple guards who may inhabit the trees?”
“Yeah. Something like that. On your mark. Get set... prove your love!”
Like runners off the starting block, the ladies rushed into their proving ground with a roaring sea of people behind and a driving rock soundtrack piped in. A blast of fries shot up over the set from a cannon behind the far end of the counters. Morgan’s adeptness in extreme sports showed as she caught a great stride in her hurry to zip around and catch the potato rain in her container, but unbeknownst to her, she rolled over a tile that began to glow and beep. She had not made a foot from the hidden peculiarity when the floor erupted in a smoky and cheesy explosion that lifted her heels over head into Britney. The two girls landed flat on the floor, pained, drenched, and confused in a pile.
“Oh, my God, Morgan, Britney, are you all right?” Kerou asked as she sped over to the two wincing. Just before she skidded to a stop, a cannon rose from the counter in front of her and squirted a heavy load of lukewarm liquid cheese right into her face. Dazed and blinded by the surprise, Kerou flailed in a struggle to keep her balance on the slick surface now under her. Then, another cannon jutted out behind her and fired gravy covered tennis balls into her back, finally bringing her to the floor.
Marc turned to Adam who was standing off to the side with production assistants. “Cheese mines? Gravy balls? Really, Adam?”
Adam smiled and held up two thumbs. “Love is a battlefield.”
While Luna worked through the smoke and debris to take fries to her scale, Tomika and Danielle found themselves locked in a roller-derby-esque shoving match through the calamity. They gritted their teeth as they traded pushes, but Danielle had crossed the limit of her patience in the close quarters combat and decided to pull out an attack to rid herself of her aggressor. She spat in Tomika’s face and butted her in the eyes. Tomika fell off to the side while Danielle cackled and skated away to continue her collecting.
Tomika wiped the saliva from her cheek and growled. “That’s it, game’s over!” She took off her skate and pitched it with Danielle as the target, but she ducked and evaded the attack without even knowing that there had been one lodged. And just as Britney stood up and shook off the stupor from before, the skate arrived and hit her in the head to spin her senseless.
Tomika cringed. “Oops. Sorry, B.!” She hopped on one foot over to Britney to see if she could aid her.
Britney’s eyes swam around while she wore a dazed smile, her feet shuffling as balance drained from her body. Suddenly, a beep and flash from the floor. Tomika surmised the severity of the little warning and dove into Britney to shove her out of the worst wave of the tile mine’s reach, but the blast was bigger than the last and it lifted them off the ground and put them on a collision course with Danielle. Britney’s comatose body took Danielle off her feet, and Tomika, over that fray, caught the big bundle of food that was once in the girl’s hands. After a somersault, she landed on her behind in front of Marc and Tila’s table while the food splashed across her scale. Her bucket landed at her stupefied side and filled with cheese that rained down from the mine’s discharge. With a strong hickory smoke wafting from her disheveled hair, she sat still and blinked her eyes in wonder of what all just happened.
“And Tomika pulls just ahead of Luna with a nice 72 ounces,” Tila announced. She triggered a round of jeers from Danielle’s fans. “But I’ve got a feeling that she’s got win sitting right next to her.”
“What?!” Danielle cried. “But all of that was my mine! She stole it from me.”
“Sorry, sweetie. All’s fair in love and war. I’ll allow it,” Tila said.
Danielle stomped her foot. “Fine! We’re gonna play that kind of game?” She turned her to Mark’s mother. “Joely!”
“Way ahead of you!” Joely tossed Danielle a bottle of scotch.
“Danielle, don’t!” Marc cried, but it was too late. Danielle took the cap off of the bottle and downed the drink. The kids screamed louder for the girl.
“¡Ay, Tomika! ¡Mira, mira!” Luna said.
Tomika removed her glasses that were dirtied in the blast and hung them from her costume’s collar. She took note of Danielle in a sudden slumped stature with her hair over her face. The girl was skating, but her motions were now erratic while still employing a ballerina grace to catch every needed ingredient flying above and through the chaotic mess of food and fire.
“Well, this is a surprise. Looks like we have another student of La Chausson Romanée,” Tila said. “For those not in the know, it’s the French equivalent to drunken monkey, and I would know. I’m a proud student of this form of martial arts. I hope our other ladies have their own secret weapons because this is definitely something to contest with.”
“You got a secret weapon?” Luna said to Tomika.
“I told you, Jina—”
“Luna.”
“Whatevs. I don’t care what she does ‘cause I know Marc’s got my back. As long as she keeps her spit in her nasty mouth, I’m fine. I’m having fun.” Tomika patted her hair to subdue some smoking. “Well... sorta.”
“Tomika, don’t just sit there,” Marc said. He was splitting his attention between Tomika and the frightening sight of Danielle as she was spinning around like a doll on a thread.
“Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m gonna bring a win home for me and my man.” She poured her cheese onto her scale and brought it up to 103 ounces.
“We have our first stage one winner! Congrats, hon. Get on to the next stage,” Tila said.
Hopping backwards, Tomika blew a kiss to Marc and put up a middle finger to the audience that was booing. Danielle grumbled as she watched the girl exit. Her agility went into overdrive and all bits of slop that dripped from the ceiling, she made sure it fell into her bucket. She snaked around the other girls and took anything they could have caught. Then, she rushed to the scale and dumped her cargo.
“Oooh, so close, Danielle. You’ve got 98 ounces,” Tila said.
Danielle stuck her finger down into her throat and belched up a chunky brew on top of the dish to bring it to 100.2 ounces. She coughed and wiped her mouth. “I had poutine earlier today,” she said, her voice grating and chest heaving. “That counts. Can I go?”
“Um...” Tila, along with Marc, stood befuddled and disgusted. “I guess that does look like gravy and fries. I’ll allow it. You may go on to stage two.”
Right on the word “go”, Danielle left the two in the distance with a coda of applause, every step more determined than the last.
Tila’s gaze was wide but certain. “Holy crap. That girl is either really crazy, or really in love with you, Marky Marc.”
“I think it’s a little of both.”
Danielle rushed through the doors to the second stage and was immediately halted by the blinding nature of the room. There were tall mirrors all around reflecting the flashes of photography bulbs hanging overhead, the snaps echoing throughout. She saw her only competition was having a difficult time getting through the maze, squinting and bumping into walls. But the appearance of all of the obstacles could not make Danielle’s confidence wane. She got a bit of a rolling start, swooped into a handspring, kicked off her skates, slipped into one of the remaining dresses hanging on a rack aside and landed her feet in a pair of the six-inch stilettos. Tomika, who had been searching for a new path after her first one proved to be futile, noticed Danielle and raised her eyebrows at the athleticism.
“I learned that little trick during the taping of our live 100th episode,” Danielle said as she strolled up to Tomika. “And another thing I learned—” She pulled a pair of sunglasses from her bosom and slipped them on. “A star should always be ready for flashing lights.” She located a viable path and gave a quick titter. “Toodles, bitch. Dumb luck’s not gonna save you now.” She disappeared into the maze.
Tomika was fuming. She tried to chase after Danielle, but she could not see the path taken, and the shuffles she made to follow only resulted in her slamming into the seemingly endless barrier. The collision shook her glasses to fall from their position hanging from her shirt. She bent down to pick them up and was struck with inspiration. “Looks like I’ve got more dumb luck than the good guys on CSI,” she said to herself with a smirk. As the other girls filed in, Tomika began to lick the cheese off her glasses.
“My stars!” Britney said. “It’s brighter than a barn fire in here.”
“The heck are you doing, Tomika?” Luna said. “And where the heck is Danielle?”
Tomika looked at the film left on her lenses and put them on. The lights were still bright through the little layer of cheese left on them, but the shine was tolerable enough to keep her eyes open to detect the mirrors’ boundaries. “Just put on the outfits and follow me.” The girls dressed up, and in a train-like fashion, they ran into the labyrinth with their hands shielding their eyes from the light.
“Wow, this maze is kinda weak,” Kerou said from her position as the caboose. “They could’ve at least tried to make this part a real challenge.”
“What do you mean?” Tomika said, treading lightly while she searched for the walls’ edges.
“There’s a pattern to how it’s set up. There are mirrors on a ‘X’ plane, then a ‘Y’ plane, and then panes in between those to cut off passages. But a simple formula—”
To halt Kerou’s thoughts, a boom echoed around the room as every flashbulb shut off to leave the place as dark as a cloudy night in the thick of the forest. 
“You just had to challenge them, didn’t you?” Luna said.
A grating metal sound rumbled through the dark, followed by the sound of large motor chugging up. Finally, a whine tuned up as the bulbs faded up to a dim red. The girls got back into their quest for the maze’s exit.
“See? Everything’s fine,” Kerou said. “They probably just blew a fuse with the lights being so—” Her nostrils flared as she took in a whiff of a sickeningly familiar scent. “OMG! Are they pumping car exhaust into here? Who’s running this game? Jigsaw?!”
“Maybe the lights blew out and they turned them back on with a gas generator or something,” Britney said.
“It’s no mistake,” Tila said over a loudspeaker. “They’re totally pumping carbon monoxide in, but you guys are so close to the end so I hope you can hold your breath til you get there. I believe in you.” The speaker clicked off.
Tomika covered her mouth and nose. “Spare us the trig-talk and make with that simple formula, Kerou. Left or right?”
“Left, left, right, left, right, left, left.”
Meanwhile, Marc, Tila and the entire audience were on edge as they watched the girls’ progress on a screen relaying the captured action from overhead cameras. Though Danielle had the advantage of less impaired vision at the race’s inception, she was still finding frustration with dead-ends and quickly lost her lead. The gas had caught her off guard as well, but she neared sanctuary. Way across the barriers, the leadership of Kerou’s brain helped Tomika’s team make an expedited teeter to a comeback and ultimately the exit. “You’ve got a smart cookie for a girlfriend there, Marky Marc,” Tila said. “Great friends, too.”
“Yeah, she’s something special.”
“So why do you wanna get rid of her? She seems like such a great girl.”
“She is. I love Tomika. I’m just doing this show to help out the producer,” he whispered.
“Whatever. As long as I’m gettin’ paid.” Tila turned back to the audience with her excitement re-ignited. “The girls are zeroing in on the maze’s end. Let’s see who’s gettin’ to stage three first. Then, it’s all downhill from there, and of course, we’ve got more surprises waiting for them when they get there.”
Tomika’s team came upon the left side of a break in the mirror maze and Danielle came upon the right side. They stared at each and traded menacing scowls. Then, they all made a dash for the outlet that led to a lone black ladder mounted on a wall leading up into a green tube hanging from the ceiling. Danielle leaped and latched onto the rungs to scramble up, but Luna let out a battle screech, jumped up and grabbed onto Danielle to rip her off the ladder. “¡Andale, Tomika!”
Tomika took the cue and raced in to get a grip. Then, she set her foot into the ladder to get a feel for the stiletto’s sole on the surface. Once she was sure she would not slip, she scampered all the way up. Danielle rammed her elbow into Luna’s nose and freed herself from the girl’s grip. She shoved Kerou from out in front of herself and jumped into an high hop. Then, she used Britney’s face as a springboard to bypass much of the climbing. She grabbed the highest rung and pulled herself up into the tube.
It was an artificial mountaintop, snowy and windy high above the city to which the ladder led. Danielle popped up out of the aperture, took in a breath of fresh air, and bolted over the packed white hills for her sled in waiting. She pounced on it to take off down the steep slope. The other girls emerged from the tube and trailed behind.
The snow flurries felt sharp like little razors cutting across the exposed skin of all but Tomika who was secretly employing her communion with nature as they barreled through the elements like rockets. Danielle gritted her teeth through the ordeal, only hoping that her position flat on her stomach would help her be aerodynamic enough to make up the distance between her and Tomika. Surely, it did. Tomika, who was sitting upright, came into her vision on the left. “Time to end this bitch,” Danielle said to herself. She drifted over and rammed Tomika’s sled to lift it off one of its blades. Then, she sped off ahead.
Not without a fright, Tomika quickly shifted her weight and brought the sled’s blade back down. “Danielle! What the hell?! It’s just a game! It ain’t that serious!” A group of flaming arrows sailed past Tomika’s head, just barely missing an explosive contact. She turned around and saw a small fleet of masked riders sitting in doubles on snowmobiles. While one steered, the other reloaded his crossbow. “Oh, come on!” she whined. She tried to slip out of their path, but one of their arrows buried into the sled’s tail end and revealed it was holding an attached stick of dynamite with a shrinking fuse. “Oh, come on!” she bellowed.
Tomika’s heart clenched tightly as she vaulted off the running bomb and over an unforeseen cliff. As the small blast cast up the mountain’s snow behind her, she plummeted down to a certainly terrifying fate below. Just as she threw out her hands to use her abilities to save her life, Danielle sailed in and startled her to stop her act. The time between fall and crash had passed in a blink and Tomika careened into the girl from behind. The sled shattered and the two of them skidded across the snow. They rolled down at an ungodly speed, picking a layer of snow that grew and grew until it entombed them in a long roll. The farther they rolled, the more snow they picked up, and the more snow they picked up, the faster they went.
“This is all your fault, Tomika.” Danielle said, her head poking out and spinning on the right.
“My fault?! How is it my fault? I didn’t know there was gonna be frakkin’ stormtroopers in the game.”
“But did you have to land on my sled? Admit it, you’re totally sabotaging me just because you know Marc is gonna pick me after all of this, and you’re jealous of my boobs. You’re a petty river girl.”
“Call me that again and I’ll slap those beach balls around to your back and have you looking like an anorexic camel.”
“You even think about touching me and I’ll so kick your ass.”
As the girls bickering carried on, their roll was quickly coming to the end of the course, but a series of loaded arrows buried into it and blew the enormity back to the flurries that made it. Danielle and Tomika were propelled out of its capture and smacked into the thick ice walls that were waiting to be chopped down by them. With their bodies stuck there frozen in pain, the impact resounded through the structures, shattered them and crumbled them to rocks. Both girls collapsed onto the shards and blocks.
“Ouch...,” they mumbled.
Kerou, Britney and Luna slid to end of the slope and came to a stop on their sleds before the motionless couple sprawled over the mass of broken ice. They snapped to helping the girls up as Tila—with a coat and fur-lined boots donned—rushed up to the scene with Marc and a camera crew. “Well, that was definitely a round for the books ‘cause you guys were out there looking like pros.”
Back inside, one audience member made a honk of a laugh at the pun.
“We were gonna do an elimination by who broke their block of ice last,” Tila continued, “but you two seemed to handle that for all of the contestants. Luckily, Morgan decided that pigging out on poutine was more important than the contest and had a mini-heart attack. So, we’ll just eliminate her.”
Tomika turned her head up in concern. “What?! Is she okay?”
“I’m fine,” Morgan said in the midst of her ride being carted off on a stretcher outside the snowy barrier of the faux mountain. “I can taste my heart, but I’m fine. And I totally didn’t eat the pork.” She gave a thumbs up.
Marc sighed and shook his head. “Americans may be gluttons, but they’re never ready for the sodium shock of a plate of poutine.”
“And on those words of wisdom,” Tila said, “we’re gonna take a break. But when we come back, we’re gonna see how our girls do in the trivia round. Keep that TV locked right here on Prove Your Love.”
“Okay, we’re clear,” Adam said. “Let’s move back inside.”
“Marc!” Danielle called as she trudged up to him. She removed her sunglasses and adjusted her hair from her bleeding face, smiling. “Did you see me? Did you see how I was fighting for you? I’m so in this to win it.”
“Yes, I saw, Danielle. Good luck in the next round.”
Danielle turned to the girls. “Did you hear that? He wished me luck. He so loves me so you all can just... can just...” Her thought trailed off to slurred speech and her legs grew wobbly. She turned and collapsed backwards into Marc’s arms.
Marc sent an awkward glance and laugh to Tomika. “Even unconscious, she just seems to find a way to get in my arms.” He chuckled again.
Danielle sneaked a smirk to sting Tomika. Tomika rolled her eyes disdainfully and began her trek back to the studio.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Hey guys. Welcome back to Prove Your Love: the show that shows how far love can go,” Tila said to the camera. She turned to the production hands aside. “You guys like that? I just made that up during the commercial. I want writing credit and commission checks if you use that in the next episode or commercials, okay? I’m serious.” Her face was stern.
Tila cleared her throat and put her smile back on as she settled next to Marc on a loveseat that was a part of the furniture set used in the depiction of a living room for the show’s second segment. Fake trees, plush carpet, a cocktail table with assorted magazines and an offering of water in glasses were arranged to stir up a quaint and comforting feeling, but the faces of the girls were far from eased. Against a wall was a couch where Tomika (with clean glasses on) sat with an icepack pressed to her head to soothe a throbbing ache. Next to her was Kerou with her hair flat against her head from the traces of cheese and meat caked in, and next to her was Luna with a bloody tissue in her nose and a bandage on her bottom lip. Facing Marc and Tila’s loveseat across the table’s distance was another loveseat that Britney and Danielle shared. Danielle had an ice pack for her headache while Britney’s bruised limbs and face were all wrapped up in gauze.
“Now, Marc, we’ve just seen how extremely athletic these girls are, but what’s a badass without a brain, right? So, we’re gonna test their intelligence with a few general knowledge questions and some toughies thrown in for fun. But first we’re gonna learn a bit more about you all. Let’s start with you, Marc. What brought you here?”
“Well, Tila, I do love Tomika, you know? She’s very smart and beautiful, but she’s such a nag.”
Tomika gasped. “Marc!”
“Day in and out, nag, nag, nag. Stop using the metric system, American government is not that repressive, put on this condom.”
“Marc!” She cried again.
“You know how people used to wear the shirts that said ‘stop snitching’? Well, I need one that says ‘stop nagging’.” He, Tila and the audience shared a chuckle.
“Marcolas Anthony Kearney!” Tomika cried.
“No, but seriously, I’m just exploring my options.”
“And by options, he just means me,” Danielle said. “This whole game is just a formality to assert what  the audience knows: We belong together.”
“Calm down, Skunky Brewster. We’ll get to you in a second.”
“Ha!” Tomika laughed. “Good one, Tila. You’re good peoples. I like you, now.” The two bumped fists while Danielle stewed away.
Tila took a glance at the stack of cue cards she had been given and turned to Britney. “So, Britney. You’re from Tennessee?”
“Oh, yes. I’m a true-to-heart farm girl. I know I come off like some prissy little miss, but I’m not afraid to get dirty.”
“That’s great because it also says you have a talent for freestyle rapping.”
Britney froze and her eyes shot open. “Who told you that?”
“Your teacher. He says you’re a natural. Do you think you spit a little something for us?”
“Oh, no. I’d rather not.”
“Aw, don’t be shy. We’re here to have fun, right?” Tila looked to the audience. “Don’t you guys wanna hear Brit bust a couple of rhymes?” The audience responded with loud cheers. A stage hand handed Britney a microphone.
Britney’s cheeks grew rosy. She stuttered out a laugh. “No, I’m sorry. I really shouldn’t.”
“Let’s give this girl a beat,” Tila called to the men controlling the music behind the scenes. They obliged with a bass heavy beat.
“Just get it over with,” Luna said to Britney.
“Well, if you insist.” Britney stood up and straightened some of the wrinkles out of her dress and cleared her throat. She closed her eyes to take in the music for a few seconds. Then, like the girl had been swapped out for a doppelganger, Britney hopped up onto the table and twisted her face up into a commanding leer. “You guys wanna hear how we spit in the dirty south?!” The people cheered, and Britney began with great confidence.

“I’m flyer than an eagle on a seagull or a red baron beagle
Take a puff of that weed and I’m Knievel
Doin’ flips and shit, I don’t switch for shit
I rep Memphis, Tennessee ‘til the end of this shit
Where the hoes bounce it up and down like certified yo-yos
And club smoke got a bro’s eyes tight like Tojo
Open up a Coke and call me Britney Snow
‘Cause my flow’s cold like a subzero batch of fro-yo
I tried to hold my tongue, though no, I couldn’t do it
Spoke words like life water, while hoes spit gold fluid
And the proof is in the truth I ramble off like I’m roofied
To the fake bitches: bye, like the Real World’s Ruthie
A lot of rappers is actors, got their patterns all backwards
I’m the trash bringing muthafrakkin’ hash slinging slasher
These rappers on slash fiction, being bitch is my mission
And if I fail, I’m still hailed as the realest to niggas”

The cast, crew, and all in the audience collectively emitted a wide-eyed gasp as Britney carried on in displaying her hand at hip-hop, but she broke from her rapping when she noticed that all of the people had fallen silent. “What? What hap—?” Britney gasped and covered her mouth with her palms. “Oh, my God... did I say it I said... the word.”
“Yep.” Tila turned away and ran her fingers through her hair. “Kinda had a feeling that was coming.”
Britney came down from the table and rushed to Tomika with fright in her eyes. “Tomika, I am so sorry. I apologize so much. You know that is not how I think of you and your people. And I don’t mean ‘your people’ as in blacks are different from white people—”
Tomika glared silently up at the girl.
“I mean we’re all people. We’re the same. Well, obviously not. I mean you look and act different from me and we should embrace those differences. I don’t mean for different to be a bad thing—”
Tomika glared silently up at the girl.
“We need different people.. If everyone was alike, that would be what Hitler wanted and you know I do not want to be like that. I just misspoke. I swear I never use that word at all, but if I did, it’d be because I see you as my friend. I mean I love black people. One time I had a dream about group sex with B5.”
“Those light-skin brothers? Are they even black?” Kerou said.
“They were!” Britney whimpered, tossed the microphone and ran off stage, her eyes on their way to tears. Other than the whine of speaker feedback, the studio was silent as the people exchanged awkward glances.
“I’m, uh... I’m gonna go calm her down,” Kerou said. She ran after the audibly sobbing girl.
“Um, yeah... so how about a hand for Britney?” Tila said. “That was something that happened, right?” The request gathered some scattered claps and muffled coughs. Tila flipped through her cards. “Okay, uh... moving on. Luna, why don’t you tell us about yourself. My notes say you ...’got your first period at a McDonald’s where a prostitute died in the parking lot while giving birth’?” Tila’s brow wrinkled as she recited the information.
“Yeah, I’ve seen some things, been through some stuff, and that’s why I’m a perfect match for Marc. I’m hood, he’s Hollywood or whatever Hollywood is in Canada. We’re perfect opposites or something. But I’ve gotta warn you, Marc: I’m real. Like really real. I keep it una cent percenta. ¿Tu sabes? And I ain’t been the same since my cousin Taina died. Ask me how she died. Ask me... how she died.”
“How did she—?”
“Crack! She tried to smoke it and her hair caught on fire. And the bitch was already bald. You ever see a bald-headed girl on fire? How was I not supposed to compare that bitch to Nicolas Cage in Ghost Rider? And that’s how I got stabbed in the clitoris. I literally have two clits now. My vagina look like it has tarantula fangs.”
Tomika kept her face low to hide her laughter, but Tila sat a bit addled and shuffled her cards again. There was an apparent scare now instilled in her. “You know what... why don’t we just skip to the trivia questions? Does that sound good?”
“Whut-ehvah,” Luna drawled, snapping her neck.
“You all will get three questions. If all of you get them correct, we will go to a sudden death question—”
“Bitch, you don’t know about sudden death. I seen a sudden death!” Luna said. “It was at a wedding in a KFC. Someone choked on a beak. Then, the family sued the restaurant and spent the settlement money on heroin. Heroin they bought from someone at the KFC.”
Tila shot a glare to Luna. Then, she returned to reading from her cards.” If one person has all the answers correct, and the others have the same number of answers incorrect—”
“Bitch, you don’t know what incorrect is. My dad was incorrect for my mom. He gave her ‘ganja-rehea’ when they did it, and then he abandoned us. But he show up on the day after my birthday for a slice of leftover cake and to poop in the basement bathroom. Do you think he’s actually taking a poop? No! He’s doing crack. We know it, but at least he’s there. That’s family. That’s hood love.”
“Preach, honey!” said a heavy-set woman in the audience. She was rocking back and forth, humming and cooling herself with a church fan.
“All right, you know what, I knew I ain’t like you from the time I saw you backstage,” Tila said.
“Bitch, ain’t nobody like you from the time they saw you in the incubator at the hospital.”
“This is my show, and you’re not gonna keep interrupting me. I get it. You had a hard life. I did, too. I’ve seen things, too, but do you see me complaining? No. I rose above that stuff and became a successful model, musician and television personality. So, if you wanna stay chained to your past and talk all the ‘hood shit’ you want, fine, but save it for after the show, okay?”
Luna jumped up and flipped the table over. “Bitch, you tryna tell me what to do?”
Tila stood up and stared up into the girl’s scowl. “Maybe I am, bitch. I ain’t scared of you.” With the audience chanting her name, she stepped out of her high heels and removed her earrings to cast them aside. “You wanna go? Then, let’s go. I will cut a bitch.”
“Bitch, I will cut you, batter you and serve you up with rice to your whole dog-eating family.”
“Bitch, is that supposed to be an Asian joke?!”
“Bitch, you are an Asian joke, bitch. All you Koreans be eating dogs in the back of those nail salons and cleaners.”
“Bitch, excuse you!” Tila said with a shove to Luna’s arm.
“Bitch, excuse you!” Luna said, returning the shove.
“Bitch, ex-cuuuse... you!” Tila said, shoving Luna again.
“Bitch! Ex! Cuuuse! You!” Luna said, returning the shove. “Tila, Tila, bo-beela. Banana-fanna-fo-feela. Fee-fi-fo-ass-biatch!” Luna screeched, saliva flinging from her lips.
“Okay, you know what, you ain’t even worth it. Security!”
Two burly men ran onto the set and wrapped their muscular arms around Luna who kicked, twisted and flailed to free herself from the grip. “Why you mad, hoe? Why you mad, hoe? Why you mad?” she repeated as she was being dragged out of the studio . 
“Bye, bitch.” Tila held up her middle fingers to the girl while the audience cheered her name. The theme music started and Tila took her cue. She turned to the camera and said with a sprinkle of sassiness, “All right, enough of that drama. We’re gonna take a break, but when we come back Marc’s gonna make his decision. Keep it right here on Prove Your Love with your host: the one, the only, the loveable queen bitch Miss Tila. Stick around.” She blew a kiss to the camera and danced over to the audience to helm their revelry.
“And we’re clear,” Adam said. “Good job, Tila. You handled that situation very well. Whatever that situation was.”
“Oh, let me tell you, I’ve come across haters like that so many times in my life that it doesn’t even bother me anymore. I’m totally immune to it ‘cause I’m comfortable with myself and my life and they’re just crazy and jealous.”
“Yeah, sure.” Adam’s focus was invested all in his schedule and his notes. “Can we get a touch up on her makeup?” he asked of one of the production assistant who scurried to comply. “We’ve got a few minutes before we shoot the decision scene. Get the set ready.”
“Marc! Danielle! Can I please have an autograph?!” an audience member called out, ushering in a beckoning from many of the fans like baby birds chirping to their mother for food.
Danielle’s eyes glistened in the limelight her fans were shining down on her and she rushed into it like a moth.
“You don’t mind, do you, Tomika?” Marc said.
“Oh, no, of course not. Go hang with your fans. I’d be acting the same way they are if I had the chance to meet Eliza Dushku.”
“Thanks. I’d give you a kiss, but I don’t wanna rile up all the crazy ones.”
“I don’t know. I think some of your fans are finally starting to accept me as your girlfriend.” On cue, Tomika took a tomato to the face and a jeer to the heart. Her smile fell as she wiped the bitter mush from her face, unable to even feel indignation for an act that she knew she should have expected. Still, her nerves bristled, but no further than the level that any annoyance pushed that night. “I’m gonna get a paper towel and maybe a sawed off.” The cartilage between Tomika’s bones crackled and popped on every motion as she eased out of the chair and hobbled to a hall lit by fluorescent bulbs away from all the pandemonium and clamor.
Being outside the whirlwind helped to soothe the headache on top of what may have been a concussion, but in the dark of Tomika’s path behind  here was Joely who had been enraged for much of the show’s duration at every missed opportunity and failed attempt to send the girl to the end of her anger. Minutes stood between the matchless moment to keep her wishes from being dashed, and all it would take is the planting of one poison seed. It was one that she had been holding since before the show, soaking it with enmity all during, but as she made her way closer to Tomika for a bane-talk, a voice took her and twisted her organs.
“Joely, Joely, Joely,” the voice began in chiding. “Mitchell really screwed you up bad, huh?” The chill of a nasty laugh slithered away. “God, you’re pathetic.”
“Shut up,” Joely said. “He has nothing to do with this. Why do you always have to bring him up? I’m done with him. I’m over it.”
“Funny... because the way I remember it, he was done with you. He moved on, and you’ve been trying to cling to a shred of hope for a love rekindled through your son and Danielle. But I can’t blame you. Marc and Danielle look just like you and Mitchell did at that age. But if those two don’t work, obviously you and Mitchell won’t. Just face it.”
The fangs of the voice sunk into Joely’s beating veins, but the venom seeping had not yet made its claim. “I accept that Mitchell and I are over, but Marc and Danielle aren’t. They love each other, I know it. I can see it. They just need a little coaxing to see it too. Danielle has been like a daughter to me, and I don’t want her to end up—”
“Like you? A lonely alcoholic?”
“Heartbroken. I don’t want to see her heartbroken.”
“Someone’s in denial,” she said in a taunting melody.
“She’s not in denial.”
“Oh, she so is. She thinks she’s doing this for Danielle, but she just doesn’t wanna face the fact that she’s holding on to hope for a man that’s never coming back. You’re so pathetic, Joely. Are you really this desperate for that man?”
“It’s not about him. It’s not...”
“You just can’t stand to hear the truth. Look at all the times you’ve tried to drown us. You know you want that man back because he was the only one who would put with someone like you.”
“Don’t listen to—”
“Shouldn’t you be at home with your own daughters? Why don’t you let Michelle worry about who Danielle ends up with.”
“Michelle is still married. That’s the difference. It’s like I said, this is all about Mitchell and that’s all it’s gonna be about. And this little last-ditch trick is her excuse to try justifying her loneliness.”
“Joely’s all excuses. Remember what she said after those three days at the casino? And how sad the twins looked when they didn’t have the money to go on that field trip?”
“Oh, my God, that was awful. I almost died that night.”
“Joely’s made some mistakes. But that was the past and she’s okay, now. We’re talking about saving a young love.”
“Joely, do not listen to her. You are not okay. This is nowhere near normal. You need to go home and have a drink. Marc is fine. Look at how happy he’s been.”
Joely swallowed a sour bit of spit. “Marc is happy. I should go.”
“Ms. Kearney?”
Joely turned around and saw Tomika staring at her quizzically.
“You okay? You’re just standing there talking to yourself, looking all vacant and sad like one of those girls in Japanese porn comics.”
“I’m fine, just thinking out loud about stuff. But how are you, sweetie?”
“Don’t do it, Joely.” Her voice was trailing fast.
“’Sweetie’? Since when am I a ‘sweetie’ to you?” Tomika asked.
“Don’t do it.” It was just a muffled call from the distance. 
“Well, I figured I’d be nice to you considering what the end of this game means. I know you must be devastated to lose Marc like this. It’s so sad, though. I mean I wanted you and Marc to break up but not like this.”
“Don’t do it....” It was barely a sound to echo.
“What do you mean?” Tomika said with a scoffing laugh added. “Marc’s gonna pick me. And that’s it. Game over. We’re just doing this to help that British guy out.”
“You don’t watch many teen dramas, do you? They’re all about big twists and reveals, especially on Marc’s show.”
“This has nothing to do with his show, Ms. Kearney. Marc is just a selfless sweetheart, and I’m happy to help him help someone even as painful as it’s been.”
“Oh, my God. He really hasn’t told you about what any of this means, has he? For someone who says he cares about you so much, he sure isn’t staying true to that. This game has everything to do with the show. He’s showing the network how much chemistry he and Danielle still have as co-stars so they’ll put him and her back on the show. Think about it: Why would he jump at the chance to help some guy he doesn’t even know?”
“Because, like I said, he’s just a selfless sweetheart. I mean do you know how much money he spent buying me and my friends pets? He just likes to help people.”
“But at the risk of hurting you? He signed you up for all of this and didn’t tell you that you’d almost kill yourself just trying to help this guy? And why didn’t he tell you about Danielle?”
“Firstly, he didn’t sign me up; I agreed to it. Secondly, neither one of us knew all of the show’s details. Thirdly, Danielle’s risking her life too. Fourth, I’ve been in worse spots than a stank chamber and a sleigh ride, okay? I’m a big girl. I can handle myself.”
“I’m just trying to help you. Marc’s an actor which means he’s a good liar. Yes, he’s going to pick you at the end of this show, but only to make the fans want to see him and Danielle together even more. This is all a façade, Tomika, You’ve got to believe me.”
“Tomika, we need you back on set,” Adam said.
“Badmouthing your own son? Seriously, Ms. Kearney, now it’s getting sad.” Tomika followed Adam back to the set and shook her head disdainfully.
Joely's smile dropped so low and her stomach felt heavy and her throat felt as if it were burning.
“Don’t wanna say I told you so, but—”
“Shut up.” Joely clutched her head and backed to a wall. “Just shut up for once. Please. ...Please.”
There before Marc, Tomika took her place aside Danielle on the stage now rid of the furniture. The minute difference between their heights was at more of a disparity as Danielle was still wearing the challenge’s stilettos and Tomika had rid herself of hers. Her hair was still disheveled and her bandages’ color stood out against her skin tone while Danielle had had a hand re-do some of her makeup to the point where it appeared as if she had just walked in and bypassed the entire labor of the game. The contrast between the girls was nothing short of apparent and could stand to reinforce Joely’s conspiracy as one matter remained ever bold: Marc was, in fact, capable of holding onto a lie. The day that Tomika had always kept special in her heart, at its core, was not entirely genuine, and her learning of the fact only arrived by a slip of the tongue. The whole had the weight to matter.
“Welcome back to Prove Your Love,” Tila said. “We’ve had a bit of a rocky ride, but we’re finally at decision time. Let’s go to Marc to see who he chooses.” The lights went low and the camera swung around from the host’s post on stage left to focus in on Marc.
“Well, I think we knew it was gonna come down to this, didn’t we? Tomika, my current girl and Danielle, my ex-girlfriend and my mother’s choice.” Marc looked directly at Tomika. “The moment I met you, you just changed the way I looked at stuff. You weren’t like any girl I had ever met before. You were from the States.” He chuckled. “But no, seriously, I truly do love you, but you’re just such a downer sometimes, you know? You’re really cynical and it’s just hard to be around that sometimes.” He turned to Danielle and she could not help smiling. “Danielle, you and I have been friends for years. We know things about each other that our parents don’t even know about us. And what always kept me from loving you like I do with Tomika is that you’re materialistic and shallow much of the time.”
Danielle dropped her smile and ran to Marc to take his hands. “But I can change, Marc. I really can. Just give me another chance and I can show you. I don’t need this game to prove it.”
“I know, Danielle, but Tomika is already where you want to be. She’s deep and intelligent and just a different kind of girl, and even if people don’t see what I see in her, I’ll always love her. I don’t care what my mother, or you, or any blog or anyone has to say.” He turned to Tomika. “I choose you, Tomika because I know how you feel about me. You don’t ever have to prove your love to me.” 
The audience blew up into a cocktail of cheering and angered howls. Some had been moved by Marc’s commitment to his girl, but most of the others held on to their feelings through the game that Danielle and Marc were the one true pairing. Whatever their feelings, they were trivial and Marc showed his stance by pulling Tomika close to give her a long, passionate kiss on the lips, but as inviting as her body was to the exchange, there still seemed to be a cold wall emanating from her. One that Joely noticed and relished from her watch near the spectator stands.
As Marc scooped up Tomika to carry her off-stage, Tila came into the camera’s frame and pulled Danielle next to her to offer a  shoulder to lean on. “Well, you know what they say: that’s the way love goes. Are you all right?”
Tears were dripping from the corners of her eyes, but Danielle nodded. “I’ll be okay. I mean I’ve still got you guys?” She waved to the audience and collected their profuse showering of laurels.
“That’s the spirit, girl. You’ll be fine. As for you guys out there, join us next time where we’ll have six new contestants competing for the love of another guy or girl. This has been Prove Your Love. I’m Tila Tequila. Have a good night and stay safe everyone.”
“And... that is a wrap!” said Adam. “Thank you for coming out to our taping. Drive safely.” He turned to Tila. “And thank you Miss Tila, you were unbelievably amazing. Way beyond my expectations.”
“Thank you, Adam,” Tila said.
Adam turned to the stage hands. “You guys, strike this set, and get everything out of here. We have to be gone in about 25 minutes. Danielle, come with me, I wanna shoot some post-show reactions over here. Then, you’re free to go.”
Danielle wiped away some of the mucus that had slipped from her nose during her sniffling. “Okay,” she squeaked out.
“That’s great. Keep those tears. They’ll love that.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

While the seats promptly emptied, Joely used the cover of the crowd to slip through the studio’s back ways to the rear parking lot to see if there were any sweet fruit to sow. She gently pushed the door open and went outside to the cool, silent night. She kept her back to the concrete wall and skulked under dim, orange lights to the corner where she poked her head around and saw Tomika and Marc heading to his car.
“Well, all that craziness is over. You wanna go grab something to eat?” Marc said.
Tomika shrugged and kept her eyes averted.
“Oh, I know you want. You wanna do some more kissing, don’t you?” Marc sat on the hood of his car and pulled Tomika closely.
Tomika put her hand up to the boy’s mouth and stepped back.
“What’s the matter?”
“Marc, be honest: Was this just some set-up for you to go back to your old show with Danielle?”
“What? No. Where did you get an idea like that?”
“Your mom said it. I know I shouldn’t believe her, but it’s like the more I thought about what she said, the more it made sense.”
“Tomika, she’s hated that we were together from the minute that I told her. Don’t you think she would make something up to get you to break up with me?”
“So, the fact that Adam happened to show up with this game show is a coincidence? This has nothing to do with the show?”
“Well, he did say that Hautemonde was gonna be picked up for syndication on his network, but that’s it.”
“I don’t believe you, Marc. How stupid do you think I am?”
“Stupid enough to trust someone who doesn’t like you.”
“Oh, so I’m stupid, now?”
“Hey, you said it.”
“I can’t even talk to you, right now.” Tomika turned to leave, but Marc grabbed her arm.
“Tomika, listen to me.”
“Let me go!”
“Tomika, I would never lie to you—”
“You already did! And it seemed like you were never going to tell me the truth either. The whole scene at the fountain?”
“I already told you I’m sorry, Tomika. I was just afraid that if I didn’t say something big enough to make you see how much you meant to me at that point, I could’ve lost you forever. I lied, but it was only because I love you.”
“You don’t understand, Marc. How am I supposed to know if you’re being real with me?”
“Tomika, just tell me what my mother said to you and see if it sounds like something I would do.”
“She told me that your plan was to show the network how well you and Danielle look together so they’d put you two back on the show. She said that their seeing the fans being so riled up from you not picking Danielle would show them just how great the demand is for you two to come back.”
“Do you even hear how contrived that sounds? It’s so obvious she made it up. This is the same woman who flung silverware at me. This is the same woman who brought her sick grandfather to a dinner just to upset you. Doesn’t a lie like that seem like her level of crazy?”
“Crazy?! How dare he?” Joely curled her hands up into fists.
“He sounds just like his father, doesn’t he?”
“I swear I’m gonna kill that little bastard.”
“Tomika, look in my eyes,” Marc said. “I promise I would never lie to hurt you, okay? Don’t let anything my mother says come between us. She’s got her own problems to work through and she’s taking it out on the family. Now, let’s go catch a movie. The night’s still young.” He went to pull Tomika into his arms, but again, she rejected his touch. “What’s the matter? I thought we were okay.”
“We’re not. As long as you’re supporting your mom, she’s just gonna keep trying things like this. And as much as I’d love to have a future with you, if she’s in it, how can we be happy together?”
“I promise that you won’t have to worry about her. She doesn’t control our relationship.”
“But she’s your mom, Marc. You can say she doesn’t matter to you, but deep down, you know she does. It’s one thing to not like who your child has chosen as a partner, but to go to the extent she has gone to break us up, I can’t keep dealing with this. If she loved you, she’d accept that you chose me as a girlfriend. But she hasn’t.”
“Tomika, if what you are saying is what I think you are saying, please stop. She doesn’t matter.”
Tomika clenched her fists as if the might would hold back the tears that were on her lashes, but the drops slipped on. “Marc... I think we should—”
“I’ll get rid of her. I’ll kill her.”
The words echoed in Joely’s heart and left her standing numb. Her eyes grew wide and trembled a quake down to her bones.
“What?” Tomika said.
“You wanna know how much she doesn’t matter? Whatever it takes, she’s dead. It’s not like I haven’t thought about it before. I’m just so sick and tired of her meddling and her screwing up.”
“Marc, you can’t do that. She’s your mother. And what about your brother and sisters? They need her.”
“She hasn’t been a mother to us in too long of a time. I’ve been taking care of the girls. Trust me, we’ll be more of a family without her.”
“Do you know how twisted you sound, right now?”
“No! She’s the crazy one! I’m doing us a favor. You don’t live with this woman, with all of her drunk rants and talking to herself and depression. She’s useless around the house and I just want her gone. We all do.”
“I don’t like this side of you, Marc. It’s scary.”
“Tomika, I’m doing this for us. You should be happy.”
“About what?! I don’t wanna have something like that on my conscience. And you shouldn’t be so eager to want to do crap like that either. This is your family. Work it out.”
“This is different, Tomika. You don’t get how much I hate her.”
“You know what, you Canadians are crazy. Do what you want, but I don’t want a part of it.”
“You saw how low she would stoop just to get what she wants. She only cares about herself. Does what she said about me tonight sound like she loves me? Or cares about me?”
Joely ran from her cloaked post, a wreck of panic and regret. She threw herself against Marc’s body and buried her face into his chest to let her tears burrow through his shirt and touch his heart with the absolute truth of her anguish. “Oh, my God, I’m sorry! I’m sorry for everything. I love you. I love you so, so much. Please don’t kill me.”
“What?! Mom, calm down. Who said anything about killi—”
“You just did! I heard you, Marc. I heard you!”
“Mom, nobody said anything even remotely close to something like that. What are you talking about?”
“I know there’s something wrong with me, Marc. I know you hate me, but you and your brother and the girls are all I have, now. And I’ll do whatever it takes to show you much how I love you all. I’ll stop drinking, I’ll take pills if I need to, I’ll see a psychiatrist. Whatever it takes. Just give me another chance to show how much I love you all. Please don’t kill me, Marc.” Her words fell into awful heaving weeps.
“Just take a breath, Ms. Kearney,” Tomika said.
“I’m sorry, Tomika. I’m sorry. I deserve whatever you two want to do, but I—”
“Ms. Kearney, look at me. Look at me.” Tomika took a delicate hold on Joely’s face by the chin and guided her head up to look her in the eyes backing a kind assertion. “I don’t know what you think you heard, but no one wants to kill you. You know Marc loves and cares about you. He wants you to be okay.”
“But I’m not,” she whispered.
“It’s all right. We’re here for you. If you wanna talk—”
“No! No more talking... please. Please.”
“Okay. ...It’s okay. We don’t have to talk. Do you want Marc to take you home?”
Joely softly shook her head and pushed away from Marc. “No, Marc wants to— He— No. I want you to.”
“All right, I’ll take you home. Come on.” Tomika took Joely by the hand and  a look that encapsulated all her confused feelings to Marc to which he responded with a shrug full of the same fright.
As Marc watched Tomika carefully lead Joely around a corner to where her car was parked, he could hear the sound of Danielle’s heels ticking across the pavement like a metronome out of synch with his speeding heartbeat, but he kept his eyes away.
Danielle’s eyes were on Tomika and Joely as well. “So, what’s that all about? Did your little break-up/make-up skit work? Does your mom know for sure how undying your love is for that girl?” She sat next to Marc on the hood's edge of his car.
“I... I don’t know.  We were at the part where we were gonna break up and make up, and then my mom ran up to us crying. But it wasn’t like her usual cries. ...It was, like, hopeless or something.” Marc blew a deep sigh and dragged his hand down his face. “God, I knew there was something messed up with her, but I didn’t think it was like that.”
“I told you this whole act wasn’t worth it.”
“It was worth it to me. I just wanted to show to her how resilient our love is, and for her to just back off. I didn’t think I was gonna freak her out or whatever just happened. Besides, you didn’t seem to be against being a jerk to Tomika through the game.”
“I was only helping you help that producer. I had no intention of helping you prove anything to your mother. What reason do I have to lie to her?”
“Danielle, please...”
“Please, what? It is a lie. And frankly it’s one that I’m getting tired of hearing you say.”
“Are you seriously coming at me with this now? Didn’t you just hear me say there’s something wrong with my mother. Something serious. I don’t have time for—”
“For whom? For me? You did last week.”
“Not now, Danielle.”
“No. Yes, now, Marc. Because all I’ve been hearing and seeing is you and Tomika, but I need to know what’s going on between you and me. I came to the States to be with you, but when I saw how happy you were, I respected that and left you to your relationship. And then you show me that’s there’s still a chance for us, and I’m supposed to just sit back and be content with casual sex? Like I’m the second girl? How do you think that makes me feel, Marc?”
“I’ve tried to break up with her. I thought that dinner with my mother would’ve been the last straw for her. But she ended up telling me she loved me that night. What could I have done after that? I mean maybe I jumped into a relationship with her because I was just upset with you, but I really do care about her. She’s a great girl, and I hate that I’ve been lying to her face. She doesn’t deserve this.”
“So, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna act your way out of this? Do you need someone to write a script so you don’t end up being the bad guy? What about me, Marc? Do I deserve this?”
“Just give me some time, Danielle. Just let me figure this out. But in the meantime, please don’t say anything. Just pretend like nothing happened for now. Please. I’m begging.”
“Fine. I’ll give an award-winning performance.” Danielle slid off of the car and put her face directly in Marc’s sight to weight her words. “But you owe me.” She flipped her hair and walked away.
Marc scoffed to himself. “Where have I heard that before?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

In a tart-of-sterile smelling, stark white hospital room, Morgan sat slumped forward on a slab of a bed with her attention captured by a cartoon on the television mounted on a wall across the room when a knock came at her open door. It was Beef. “Hey, Morgan,” he said.
“Dude, what’s up?” Morgan sat up and opened her arms. “Come here. Give me a hug.”
Careful not to tangle himself in the intravenous drip stuck in the girl’s arm, Beef wrapped his arms around Morgan for a second. “What happened? I was worried when you tweeted you were in the hospital.”
“Oh, dude, it’s nothing serious. I just got sick from some food I ate on that game show. They had to pump my stomach because the food had pieces of floor tile and explosive chemicals in it. And well, my body’s never been able to handle a lot of salt, anyway. You should’ve seen me after a couple of burritos last week. But as soon as my blood pressure goes back down I can leave. No big deal.”
“Yes, big deal. It sounds like you could’ve died.”
“But I didn’t, and that’s what’s important. Besides, I’ve been in the hospital for worse things. This is nothing.”
Beef was perplexed. “I don’t get how you can smile through all of this. It’s like nothing even bothers you. It doesn’t seem normal the way you’re happy so much.”
“Of course things bother me. I’m still wrecked from the finale of Dinosaurs, but things could be worse. That’s what I always tell myself.”
“What could be worse than ending up in the hospital? I mean why do you do so much stupid stuff?”
“Why do you do stupid stuff?” Morgan asked, playfully poking the boy in his shoulder.
“Come on, Morgan, I’m serious.”
“Come on, Morgan, I’m serious,” she said, puffing her cheeks out and lowering her voice to mock Beef.
“Do you have even one serious thought in your head? I mean what the hell’s wrong with you? Are you mustarded or something? I was really worried about you.”
Morgan laughed. “You sound like my dad. But no, seriously, I just try not to dwell on sad stuff, ‘cause well..., there was a chance that I totally would not even be here to do stupid stuff.”
“What do you mean?”
Morgan partnered her smile with a sigh and a roll of her eyes. “Sad story alert, but when I was a kid, my mom told me about how I had a twin sister who died, like, as soon as we were born, and I was like ‘Whoa, that could’ve been me.’ But it wasn’t. I’m here, and that alone keeps me happy. I mean I don’t feel like I’m strong, like I fought for my life or anything, so I tell myself I must be here for some other reason, and I chose for it to be making people happy. I want to share happiness with everyone so they can appreciate life. And maybe the things I do scare my mom and piss off my dad to the point that it seems like he hates that I exist, but I know he loves me. I mean he’s kept me around for 15 years, right? Well, 16. My birthday was a few days ago. But whatever, it doesn’t matter.” Morgan laughed a little but there was something underneath her words, something indiscernible at the back of her throat that kept a despondent demeanor on Beef. “That face. That’s the face I was trying to avoid,” Morgan said.  “I don’t want you to feel sorry for me. I’m fine, dude, really. I don’t mind not having a sister. I've got a bunch of awesome sister-friends now.”
“Well, that’s not really what was bothering me.”
“Whatever is, don’t worry about it, dude. Seriously, I’m fine.”
“Yeah, but—”
“Morgan!” Adam said through a huff as he rushed through the door. It was apparent from his gasping for breath and pause to slump over with his hands on his knees that he had been doing quite a bit of physical exertion in the form of running.
“Holy crap, shut up, Adam’s here! Scoot over.” Morgan shooed Beef away. She adjusted her hair, checked her breath and fixed her posture to sit seductively across the mattress. “Yes, my British boy toy?”
“First off, let me just say I’m glad you’re okay,” Adam said with a new wind in him. “And secondly, I need you to sign this liability waiver. I dashed down here right after we wrapped because I need to get this to the legal department right away.”
“Anything for you, my shepherd’s pie.” She took the papers and marked her signature on the designated lines. “You know, I’m, like, almost naked under this hospital thingy.” She quickly raised and lowered her eyebrows.
“Uh, yeah, that is standard procedure I suppose.” Adam went to retrieve the waiver, but Morgan tucked it away behind her back.
“Uh-uh. First, you gotta kiss me.”
Adam shrugged and gave Morgan a peck on the cheek, making her squeal with delight.
“This is bogus,” Beef said. “We were about to have a moment and then Mr. Bean comes in here and totally screws everything up. The guy obviously doesn’t even like you.”
“What do you mean? Adam totally loves me. He thinks I’m a super-hottie.  Right, crumpet strumpet?”
“You’re fine, I guess. In that emaciated Judy Greer way.”
“Hear that? ‘Emaciated.’ He likes that I’m an independent girl. Besides, you know I keep that white boy—that David Archuleta.”
“David Archuleta isn’t even white. He’s Chilean or something.”
“Not according to Jeezy.”
Beef’s face contorted into scorn. “You know what, I’m starting to think that Young Jeezy’s not the role model that I thought he was.”




Chapter Ten
Scars


“Ladies, I’d like to propose a toast,” Trecille announced over the pulsing din of a nightclub. The gleam of her jewelry shared a sparkle similar to the one perking up in a gold effervescence held by the frosty glass of champagne she raised to the variegation of colored lights with the company of Steffennie, Friday, London, and Felicia (who substituted champagne for a sparkling water). They were all dressed in their weekend best and sexiest, and the night of indulgence and inhibitions lost on the dance floor showed no slowing in serving pleasure as the women had taken their party to a booth at the club’s back wall where they luxuriated in the glory of being labeled important persons, and, with the obvious gossip, celebrated the purpose of the outing. “To London, who’s now a part of the most prestigious group of models ever: the Stelletta Triad. Congratulations, honey, you deserve it.” They clinked their glasses and took dainty sips. Yes, London's age was below the state's legal limit, but many people seem to find good persuasion in mentioning Ms. di Stacci's name.
“Thank you, everyone,” London said. “I really just wanna thank God for not only not making me fat and ugly like most people in this country but making my beauty more better than other girls’ beauty, and that somebody noticed my beauty and thought that it was just as beautiful as the women whose more better beauty came before mine.”
“All right, calm down. You’re sounding dumber than usual,” said Felicia.
“I’m sorry. I’m just excited. My mom wears Stelletta lingerie, so the catalogs were a mainstay at our house. I mean my brother’s first masturbation session was with one, and now the next time he looks through one, he’s gonna see his big sister.” London put her glass to her mouth to take another sip, but paused as she ran back over her words to dissect them. The diagnosis left a furrowing in her brow. “Wait a minute—”
“Hello there, ladies!”
Friday turned to the unexpected arrival of a bleach-blonde woman dressed just as spectacularly as they, smiling and swirling around the olive in her martini. “Mayor Harischandra? Can’t say I expected to see you here.”
“That ‘mayor’ title’s so official. You guys can call me Melissa if you wanna.” To the offense of Trecille and Felicia who were shoved out of their comfort, she forced herself into a seat with the women. “So, what are we celebrating?”
“Ms. di Stacci chose me, Regina Juno and Minerva Berkeley to be the new members of the Stelletta Triad! I mean do you even know how much of an honor this is?”
“Oh, my God, are you serious? Congratulations! I can’t wait to see you on billboards.”
“Not to be rude, Mayor Harischandra, but shouldn’t you be off doing important mayor stuff somewhere?” Felicia said.
“I am doing mayor stuff. I’m making appearances, interacting with the public. It’s what I do best.” She took a sip of her drink.
“You need to be doing something about that Angel Wives group,” Trecille said. “Do you know how those women have been grilling me to join them since they found out I’m dating a doctor? Coming to me in the grocery store asking for prescription drugs.”
“You’re dating a doctor? Oh, my God, my husband’s a surgeon. That makes us, like, sisters or something. You know, kinda like how athletes’ wives have their cliques?” Melissa said.
“Don’t change the subject. What are you gonna do about this?”
“We’re aware of the issue, and it was totally under control a few months back, but you know how the task force is now.”
“So, what are you gonna do about the task force?” Friday asked.
“There’s a bunch of red tape between Northern State, Queen City, and the suburbs—especially the Valley, but that’s a different story. The thing is that the police force we shared with Northern State used to be an effective force. Northern State didn’t switch to the task force until 2007 to save money when the debt was going too high, and they were a fine force until their checks started coming up short. The capital’s moving slow with putting a police force in place and some people say it’s because it’s a predominately black area but I think they just don’t wanna spend the money. Not to mention that a lot of money is going to repairs after all the damage our superheros leave all the time. But I definitely want our own force, especially since Queen City actually can afford it, but the people have to vote on it. It’ll be on the next ballot.”
“Oh, so you do know what you’re doing, huh?” Trecille said.
“Oh, yeah, don’t let this augmented face and body fool you. I know I look as pretty as a porn star but I’m definitely, like, super-qualified for this job. I wanted to make sure that I proved wrong all of my teachers who said I’d never be more than a basketball player’s mistress, so I got serious in college and ‘smartified’ myself.”
“What college did you go to?” Friday asked.
Melissa shrugged and snorted to scoff. “Does it matter? College is college, right?” She drank down the rest of her drink.
Felicia sneered and turned to Trecille. “Yeah. Anyway, how’ve things been going with you and Doctor?”
“Oh, my God, Doc is so boring! All he wants to do is stay at home and watch reruns of The Red Green Show and Nova.”
“Aw, I’m sorry it’s not working out for you,” London said.
“Who said it’s not working out? You don’t know how relieved I am for him to be some boring dork. You know how hectic a work day in fashion can be. The last thing I wanna do when I come in is have to get made up to go out for dinner or whatever. We just sit on the couch in sweats or jeans and watch TV. It’s perfect.”
“I wish my husband was that easy going,” said Melissa. “He’d lose his crap if I did anything in sweatpants.”
“So, what do you do your housework in?” Friday asked.
“Eww, housework?! That’s for the maid to do.”
“Please tell me she’s not a Latina,” Trecille said.
“No, she’s a Mexican.”
Trecille and Felicia groaned and dropped their faces into their palms.
“But it’s not like I mind looking cute all the time,” Melissa said. “My husband’s job is to make ugly people look good, so if he says my beauty would be wasted in those kinds of clothes, he obviously knows what he’s talking about, right? He begged me not to have another kid after our son, ‘cause it was hard to get my figure back the first time, but I wanted a little girl so badly. So, I just took the surgery shortcut to get my college body back. Everybody’s happy.”
“I wish I could find someone who cares about me as much as your guys care about you all,” London said. “I’ve yet to find a guy that even comes close to the type I’d even consider being with forever, let alone date.”
“Yeah, I’d see how you could come to that conclusion with your ankles up by your head. All the blood rushing to your brain just helps the synapses go to work, don’t they?”
“Stop being mean, Ms. Cordova. You’re making me out to be some kind of skeeze without even understanding why I have sex as often as I do.”
“Oh, this is gonna be good. Please enlighten me.”
“Okay, you know how when a wine connoisseur samples wine? He doesn’t take a couple of drinks from one bottle and decide he wants to devote his life to that one bottle. He goes to a tasting and samples a bunch by tasting them, swishing them around in his mouth, and then spitting it out. That’s like what I do with guys. Sex for me is like a wine tasting. I sample different guys and gauge how pleasing they were to me. But I haven’t found that one guy I wanna keep ‘drinking’ yet.”
“London, you can ‘sample’ guys by dating them. You don’t have to jump straight into sex,” said Friday.
“Guys lie on dates. They’re trying to make themselves look like this amazing and interesting person for the ultimate reason of getting me into bed, so if I cut the crap and get them to their goal, I can see them for their true personality. People are at their truest selves during sex. From the way a guy gives sex, you can really get his personality. If he refuses to go down on you, he might be the chauvinistic type. If he takes too much control, he might be the egotistical or the overbearing or maybe even the abusive type. If he expects you to do most of the work, he might expect you to do most of the work in the relationship. If he wants to role-play a lot, he might be a compulsive liar. But the way he does it can signify good things about him too. You’ve just gotta listen to your vagina sometimes, you know? Your heart will lie to hold onto hope, your brain will reason to make you believe it, but your vagina will always tell the truth. So if you can’t all three to genuinely agree, then the guy isn’t the right guy. That’s just what I’ve noticed.”
“And you’re saying that out of all the guys you’ve been with, none of them have been able to appease you in all three respects?”
“Nope. There’s always two out of three, but then, there’s that one flaw that breaks the deal and sex just helps me know what I’m getting into faster than dating would. Some older women are like the postal service: It takes six to eight weeks for them to get the message. Younger women like me are like e-mail: We get it in an instant.”
“Honestly, London,” said Trecille, “I think you’re the only person who’s perfected the art of sounding smart and dumb at the same time.”
“Oh, my God, my sister said the same thing when I told her I was only compatible with Aryans.”
“You really think so? What’s wrong with other types of guys?”
“Well, it was in my horoscope. It said I was compatible with Aries. They’re called Aryans, right? Like how a Pisces is Piscean.”
The words that were capable of explaining Trecille’s disgust with London withered up and died on her tongue, leaving her head cocked with a face crunched up in surprised confusion.
“OMG, she totally had that face, too.”
“The idiocy tonight, I swear.”
“Don’t worry about Prudey Huxtable,” Felicia said, pointing to Trecille. “You’re 18. Don’t put so much emphasis on relationships. Just party and have fun, because, trust me, marriage is nothing to rush into. Once you sign that license, you’re actually signing a waiver that forfeits the barrier between things that are acceptable to do around women and things that are not. I swear Jeff makes smells I didn’t know were humanly possible and the only reason he does it now is because I’m stuck. It’s too expensive to leave now.”
“Felicia, how long did you two even date anyway?” Trecille asked. “They need to put the time line of your relationship in the Guinness Book of World Records as the shortest time it took to make a hoe into a housewife.”
“At least it didn’t take me 16 years to get a man.”
“I don’t care how long it took. It was worth the wait. I love Doctor and he’s great with the girls. Everything is beautiful.”
“For now... But in all seriousness, I hope you and Doctor work out. He sounds like a great guy.”
“I wish you the best, too,” Melissa said.
“Thank you, ladies. Maybe next year, we’ll all be shooting the pilot for Real Housewives of Gardenia Hills as actual housewives.”
“Shut up! Do you really think they’d get us to do a show?” London said. “Hold on, let me call my man in Atlanta and see if he’s ready to leave his wife to propose to me.”
“I’m enabling this crap by keeping her employed, aren’t I?” said Trecille.
“Well, I guess that just leaves you, Steffennie,” said Felicia. “You’ve been quiet tonight. What’s been going on with you lately?”
Steffennie dropped her sight from the ladies as she brushed a lock of hair behind her ear. “Oh, you know, just keeping it casual, I guess.”
“Oh, so, you’re doing the one-night-stand thing like London, too? Are there really that many guys out there that like to bang trannies?”
“Felicia!” Trecille smacked the back of Felicia’s head. “What’s the matter with you? Think before you say crap like that.”
“I was just asking a question. We’re all friends here, right?”
“You were being a bitch.” Trecille turned to Steffennie. “You don’t have to answer that, Steff. Your business is your business.” 
Steffennie had the beginnings of a scowl on her, glaring at Felicia holding a smirk. “Yes, Felicia. There’s plenty of people who would like a transgender partner. It’s not uncommon.”
“Good for you, because with that freakish height and that god-awful accent, you’ve got enough working against you already.”
“You lookin’ to get slapped again?” Trecille said.
“Oh, she knows I’m just messin’ with her. Just like in the old days when we both worked for you, remember? It’s just a joke.”
Steffennie blew out a deep exhale and turned her sight away from Felicia. Her hands tightened around the stem and base of her glass.
“So, you’re really okay with meaningless sex?” Friday said. “I mean if that’s what you like, that’s fine. But you just come off as someone who’d want something deeper than that.”
“I do. I would love to have relationships like the ones some of you have. Someone to stay up late texting with, and take me to the movies or something,  but it’s just that—”
“Steffennie, if you want that kind of relationship, you’ve gotta get off this Waiting for Godot attitude that most women have.”
Trecille rolled her eyes and groaned. “We get it, Friday. You read a lot of books at special college.”
“Waiting for Godot is a play. And it’s Spelman College.”
Trecille groaned louder.
“I think what Friday’s trying to say is that you’ve gotta get up and find that person you want. What happened with Ms. Cordova was just one of those chance happenings that we pray for, but the reality is that that’s not gonna happen for all of us.”
“I’m aware of the reality, London. And I appreciate that you all are offering your advice, but I don’t think you understand what dating can be like for me.”
“Help us understand, then” said Felicia. “Let us know what kind of man would choose to be with a woman like you and we’ll keep an eye out for any prospects.”
“Watch it, Felicia. You’re treading into bitch territory again.”
“I’m serious. Let me know what kind of men go for trannies.”
Steffennie balled her hands into fists and quickly scooted out of her seat at the booth’s edge. She snatched her purse up and threw it over her shoulder as she walked away.
“Oh, come on, Steff, don’t be like that,” Felicia called out. “I swear I’m just trying to understand. I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.”
Steffennie stopped and turned around. She walked up to the table and folded her arms. “Oh, really? You weren’t? You weren’t really trying to make me sound like a freak, or that some guy would have to be out of his mind to even consider being with me?”
“No. I really wasn’t.”
“Screw you. Personally, I question what kind of man would choose to be with a girl like you, you fake, self-centered, loose-moral, crap-attitude asshole bitch. Who I am is not something for you to make idle jokes about. You don’t know what kind of stuff I’ve been through. People have threatened my life because of who I am.”
“Hey, don’t get mad at me because your life sucks. You knew what you were getting into. And for the record, I’ve had my life threatened plenty of times, too by my own parents!  You know that, so don’t come at me like my life was perfect when you were the one with a mom and dad who loved you, threw thousands of dollars your way for surgery, and supported your decision to come to America to be an assistant after you were offered record deals from multiple labels because of an appearance on a reality game show where all of Sweden loved you just because you wanted to ‘get away from the spotlight for a while.’  Boo... frickin’... hoo. This is why I couldn’t stand your white ass in the first place.”
“Well, then why don’t I just take my white ass home?”
“Please do. Ol’ blue eyes, white dragon trap card bitch.”
“Steffennie!” Trecille called out, but her beckon went unanswered as Steffennie dashed away into the club’s crowd. All, but Felicia slid out of their places to chase after. “Felicia, get up! You’re gonna apologize to Steffennie.”
“Just like a Latino as the President of the United States: not gonna happen, sweetie.” Felicia returned to sipping her drink.
“I knew you couldn’t change. Now, I’m really glad I put those pigs in the back of your car.”
“Whatever. I got a new one.”
Trecille shook her head with disdain and tailed the ladies weaving through the club’s clientele, keeping an eye on Steffennie to follow her all the way to the front of the building where she waited for the valet to bring her car around.
“Steffennie, I know Felicia said some crappy stuff but can you come back, please? We’re supposed to be celebrating,” said London.
“I’m very happy for you, London. I really am. But I just cannot sit there with that woman.”
“Don’t let her get to you. She’s probably just being like that from pregnancy hormones or something.”
“Ladies, if you all want to keep partying, that’s fine, but I’m gonna take Steffennie home,” said Trecille.
“No offense, Ms. Cordova, but I’d like to be alone right now.”
“You’ve been drinking, and you’re upset. That ain’t a good mix to have on the road. I’m driving you home.”
“But you’ve been drinking, too.”
“Oh, honey, please. A scotch and a champagne? That’s nothing to me.” Upon the delivery of Steffennie’s car, Trecille helped herself to the keys and opened the passenger’s side door for her. “If I wasn’t cool to drive, you’d know. You know how I look when I’m wasted.”
Steffennie stood with her arms folded but signaled her surrender with a sharp exhale and dropped into the seat.
“We’ll talk later, ladies.” And with that valediction, Trecille got in the car and sped away. The women stood unsure but all cheerless.
“Wow,” Melissa said, “partying with you guys isn’t fun at all.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Glitter paved into a stretch of the city’s walk held a magnificent shimmer as it caught and tossed the light beaming from a multitude of bulbs wrapped around the marquee of the grand amphitheater in front of which it ran. Under a patchy sky of gray-purple clouds and a crescent moon, a clock reading a quarter to midnight stood high on a corner across the street and watched an appeased throng file out to the parking garage nearby. But of that slow, rolling wave of beings was the threesome of Tomika, Jizzelle and Kerou whose trek was a bit of a way farther down the road.
“Oh, my God, how awesome was that concert?” said Kerou.
“I’ve gotta admit it was pretty sweet,” said Tomika. “I mean I did like The All-American Rejects before this, but I didn’t know they had so many other good songs that I’ve never heard.”
“And, like, how sexy is Tyson Ritter, right?”
“One admission per night, Kerou.”
“Yeah, the concert was nice,” Jizzelle said. “But can you explain to me again why we’re walking three blocks to get to the car, Tomika? Why couldn’t you just pay the twenty-five bucks to park in the back? I told you I would’ve paid you back tomorrow.”
“None of us was gonna pay $25 to park back there. It didn’t make any sense and you know it.”
“But everybody else was doing it!”
“Well, did you stop to think that everybody else was stupid? That was an obvious scam. Who the hell charges to park in a dirt plot? Next thing you know, the police are there towing away cars for trespassing, and the guy posted out front’s long gone with the money.”
“You’re paranoid. It’s just $25.”
“It’s my $25, and it’s the principle of the matter. I’m not about to help that guy make his living by hustling us.”
“Kinda ironic that you’re so adamant on people doing things the legal way when your father’s sitting in jail, right now.”
“I know my dad was wrong for what he did, but the only reason he did it was that we needed money. After my mom died, we had a lot of expenses to cover and his job wasn’t enough so he did what he had to do. I don’t condone it, but this is one mistake he made after he spent his whole life working so we wouldn’t get into the situation we were in. Life just threw a lot of crap at us all at once and when we needed help, we couldn’t get it.”
“You don’t think it might be the same situation for that parking lot guy?” Kerou said. “Maybe he’s in the same trouble you and your dad were in. He doesn’t have to automatically be considered a crook just because he’s getting money by less than reputable means. This just might be his last resort to feed his kids.”
“I know a bleeding heart is your thing, K., but sometimes you just know when something’s fishy. You gotta face that the world’s got some assholes in it, and I’m not even trying to sound elitist ‘cause rich people can be just as trifling as other people. I’m just speaking on things I’ve learned growing up where I did.”
“So, is that why the songs you write sound so bitter?” Jizzelle said. “You’re still reeling from years of painful lessons taught by the... cold... cruel... world of the ghetto?” As if the over-dramatic tone she had thrown into her talk was not enough, she illustrated her faux forlorn feelings with a grip on one of the streetlights to spin around it and dip backwards with the back of her hand to her forehead.
“Firstly, my childhood was awesome. Happiness isn’t limited to the suburbs and tragedy’s not limited to ‘the ghetto’. Yes, some crappy things happened, but I don’t make them the whole of my memories. Secondly, my songs are not bitter.”
“Oh, please. Your one genuine love song is called ‘Pink Lemonade’. Lemonade? Bittersweet, much?”
“Not to mention that the song is about being in love so much that you kill the person with the intention of keeping anyone from having the opportunity to experience what you experienced. That is kinda morbid when you think about it.”
“Et tu, Kerou? You said you loved that song.”
“I do, but that second verse you added was a teensy morbid.”
“Excuse me for going about romance in a Shakespearean way. Love is historically one of the most destructive things out there, and that’s what some of my songs try to convey.”
“Tomika, please. Your songs are about as Shakespearean as a story about two kids falling in love at a clinic after sharing their how-I-got-AIDS stories. They’re dramatic for the sake of being dramatic, not art or a message.”
“What is your beef with my emotions, Jizzelle? Do you just love picking on me?”
“Oh, silly me, I thought you’d appreciate the bullying so it’ll give you something to write about. And yes, I do like to mess with you. I guess it’s just the sadist in me.”
“Whatevs. One day, I’m gonna be back on stage to sing for people who appreciate the honesty of my lyrics. And three girls will leave that concert talking about awesome my show was.”
“Well, never let it be said that money doesn’t make dreams come true. If ever you needed validation for your latent ease amongst us rich jerks, it’s probably for that reason.”
“What do you mean?”
“Just like how I used my connections as an heiress to get us front-row concert tickets, you can use your money and your mom’s growing celebrity status to get your music out there quicker than if you still lived in South River.”
“Isn’t your dad about to sell the business, though?” Kerou asked.
“Ugh, God, I hope not. ‘Jizzelle Quezada, hotel heiress’ sounds way more glamorous than just ‘Jizzelle Quezada’. Especially since my mom isn’t doing anything to help our name with her scandalous partying. Whatever. I know people say money isn’t everything, but that is such lie to me. Money and status matter so much with regards to happiness in this country. You can tell me you were happy being lower-middle class as a kid, but I just don’t think anyone can be truly happy without a proper amount of income and assets. That’s just how I feel.”
“Well, this life you guys are living is the one that everyone strives for, and it’s definitely the life every parent wants for their children, so it’s perfectly natural to enjoy it,” Kerou said. “But whether or not it’s equatable to true happiness is a perspective thing. You’ve always been rich, Jizzelle, so you know what you’d be missing if you were to go poor. But you, Tomika, you grew up into money, so you know how to cope should you lose any of your money. Tell Jizzelle about when you used to fill up on glasses of water ‘cause there wasn’t enough to eat for dinner, and washing up with boiled water because the heat got shut off in the winter.”
Tomika’s face fell into a frown. “Yes, Kerou. You and that ‘Struggle Bucket’ that you can only get with an EBT card at the Popeye’s Chicken are a constant reminder of that stuff.”
“And the ratchet girls! Tell her about the ratchet girls.”
“That’s enough, Kerou.”
“The Ratchet Girls? Were they a local band?” Jizzelle asked.
“And tell her about your neighbors. The one’s with African names: Congoleeza, Ja’Egypt, Tatamauritius... and Chad.”
A small drop of blood slipped out of Tomika’s nose as she held a pained frown from Kerou’s delight. “I know you live in the artsy part of Northern State where the white people pay extra to live like they’re poor, but don’t forget there’s a lot of ‘poverty’ there, too.”
“Yeah, I know, but it’s not as bad as South River. No offense.”
“So much offense taken. But I can’t even lie. As much as I love my hometown, I’d hate if I had to go back to those putting-Pine-Sol-in-a-spray-bottle-and-calling-it-air-freshener days. And I would especially hate having to give up my Mimi Mobile.” Upon the girls’ arrival to the near-empty parking lot, Tomika approached her car with arms wide open and gently pressed her body against it before softly caressing the black frame glossing under dim orange lights. “I love you so much, my little black beauty,” she whispered.
“Do you want us to turn away so you can have a quick auto erotica session?” said Jizzelle.
“Don’t listen to her, baby. She doesn’t understand our bond. She never will.” While laughing, Tomika unlocked the doors for the other girls to get in the vehicle. Jizzelle rolled her eyes, but no sooner than the touch of her foot on the floor did an alarming anonymous call echo out over the area.
“Help! Help! Police! Robot snake attack!”
The girls’ ears perked up at the yells and they searched the area for the source of the screaming. It was coming from two women in bathrobes and slippers running from neighboring brownstones to a patrol car sitting on the corner with two idle officers inside. 
“Oh, my God, emergency! I was in my bathroom taking a shower, and this robot snake came up out of the toilet and crept into the tub like it was spying on me,” the woman said.
“I saw it, too. It did the exact same thing and when I flushed the toilet, it got stuck for a second so I took a picture.” The other woman shoved her mobile phone into the officers’ faces. “Look!”
“So, let me get this straight,”  the officer said, “both of you take a shower at exactly the same time this late at night? Do you guys plan that, or is it some kind of coincidence?”
“What?! That’s not the point. There’s robot snakes terrorizing the neighborhood. You’ve gotta do something.”
“Wow, this is a nice picture,” the other officer said. “How many mega-pixels is this?”
“Focus, asshats! There’s a perv out there violating our privacy.”
“Ma’am, we’re sorry, but we can’t do anything. Sewer creatures, organic or inorganic, aren’t in our jurisdiction. It’s stipulated in our contract that we keep the streets safe. Your toilet is not a part of the streets which means we can’t protect it, can we?”
“Plus, we’re on break.” The officer stuffed some cheese snacks into his mouth and picked up his portable gaming device.
Both women stood fuming, unable to create the words capable of communicating the level of anger, disgust, and disappointment they were feeling at the two complacent men. The second woman snatched her phone back and slapped out of the officer’s hands the game with which he was happily fiddling.
“What the hell?! I was just about to catch a Tentacool! I swear if you screwed this up for me, so help me God.” He picked up the device and got back to business. “I love Tentacool, dammit.”
Just as the women stormed off to their residencies feeling helpless and heated, three familiar figures hovered over the road like angels in the gleam of nature’s nightlight and landed next to them on the street. “Oh, my God, the Pretty Killers! Thank you so much for showing up.” The woman pulled Mimi into a hug.
“Take your hands off me, please.”
“Oh. Sorry.”
“We heard everything, and we’re gonna get to the bottom of this,” said Jakkie. “You guys can count on us, no matter what.”
“Unlike these flukes over here,” Kayzi said.
“Dude, check it out. It’s a freakin’ Missingno!” the officer cried.
“Oh, my God! Say you swear.”
“Psyche! Made you look.”
“Man, you suck. When our shift is over, I’m tellin’ mom.”
“Tattletale!”
Mimi disdainfully shook her head. “You ladies just go back inside and keep the bathroom door closed, I guess. We’ll take care of this.”
“Thank you so much. Nice to know there’s some people trying to uphold the sanctity of our neighborhood.” 
While the ladies took their leave to their homes, Mimi walked to the middle of the street with her eye on a manhole. She picked up the lid and caught a shadowy sight of a bundle of silver ropes slithering through the dark unknown. “Well, those women weren’t lying. There’s definitely something down there. And if they’re supposed to be spy snakes, they might lead to some sort of hub to collect all the footage.”
“You seriously think there’s some mass voyeur out there?” Jakkie said. “And to be so overt with his technique, it seems weird.”
“So far, we’ve gone against boob monster thingies, a teacher-turned-harpy, lizard-men, and a hybrid android bent on world domination. Not to mention all of the other battles that I don’t feel like chronicling in between. After all of that, you’re gonna call a mass voyeur weird?”
“I guess you’re right. So, what’s the plan?”
“Don’t worry, ladies. I’ll handle this.” Kayzi squat down by the manhole and clicked her tongue. After a few seconds of waiting, her summoning brought forth a large reptile.”
“Holy crap, that’s a real alligator! I thought you were calling a rat or something.”
“Why... would I... call... a rat? Ew.” Kayzi turned to the animal and took out her mobile phone. “Listen, we need your help. Would you mind if I put this in your mouth and you carry it to wherever those robot-snake-things lead?”
The alligator opened its mouth.
“Thank you.” Kayzi placed the device under its tongue, and the alligator turned around to dive back into the manhole. “Now, all you’ve gotta do is track my phone with the GPS app on yours.”
“Great idea, Kayzi,” said Jakkie.
“Yeah, I have my moments.”
Jakkie took out her mobile phone and typed in a tracking code. Instantly, a mark popped up on a map of the city and showed the large amount of distance the animal had already covered. “He’s moving fast. Call the others, we’ve gotta hurry.”
With Jakkie flying high overhead to lead, Kayzi and Mimi took to the rooftops to skip from roof to roof. The ladies headed north along the shimmering silhouette of the riverfront, eventually passing the landmark of the Anamancini Apartments, signifying their exit out of downtown Queen City.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“You didn’t have to follow me up to my apartment, Ms. Cordova,” said Steffennie as she stormed through the door to her home. She placed her purse and keys on the black granite counter top in the kitchen to the right, and got right to retrieving a glass from her cabinet. “I didn’t feel like talking in the car, and I don’t feel like talking up here, either.”
“Well, I do feel like talking.” Trecille shut the door behind her and locked it. “I may be your boss, but I’m also your best friend and I wanna know what’s going on with you.”
“It’s nothing, Ms. Cordova.” Steffennie switched on the faucet but it produced nothing more than a metallic clunking sound. “Oh, of course the sink’s still broken. Why would it be fixed after four hours?” Her frustration was sparking in a growl as she turned to the counter at her side to snap up the phone with the intention of calling building maintenance, but Trecille ripped the handset from her grip and placed it down. “Ms. Cordova, I—”
“Forget the sink, and talk to me, Steffennie!”
“What is there to talk about? Felicia’s right. She’s absolutely right. I have had way too many good things happen in my life to be complaining about anything. Having loving parents completely justifies getting beat up when I was a kid. Having money just erases people making fun of me, daily. Almost winning on a TV show just fixes all the times I’ve hated looking at myself in the mirror. I should just ‘deal with it’, right? Because I brought all of this on myself. It’s not anyone else; it’s always me who’s the problem. It’s always...” Steffennie braced herself against the counter and dropped her head. She bit her lip, hoping it would help her build up the strength to dam up the tears coming. But the weight of her heavy heart and its beating was too much to keep the tears from rushing forth. “It’s always me,” she said through heaving sobs. “It’s not fair.”
“Oh, come here, chica. Let it out.” Trecille took Steffennie into her arms to put her head on her shoulder. She gently caressed Steffennie’s head to try to soothe her. 
“Why... am I... still going through this crap?”
“I know, chica. Come on, let’s sit down.”
Steffennie followed the lead of Trecille’s hand down a step into the den where they both sat on the couch. Their places adjacent to the silence of the city through the window reminded Trecille of the first night Steffennie stood on the balcony outside and was in awe of the fact that she was able to call such a beautiful home hers. How she had such a great array of expensive amenities in her home but to be able to come home and partake in the beauty of the skyline, that she called a majestic union between nature’s beauty and human ingenuity, was the one feature she appreciated the most. And Trecille appreciated that about her the most. Certainly, there was a tenacity in the woman that could be seen daily, but she knew Steffennie’s story. She knew that the strength was superficial. And seeing Steffennie as she was presently, unfortunately, it did not surprise her. But there was no feeling of self-granted obligation to reciprocate all Steffennie had done for her in the past. Rather there was a feeling that not being there could lead to her not being there anymore, and that thought was one she would never want a chance of coming to pass.
Steffennie wiped her nose and took the little composure she could build to speak. “You know Felicia doesn’t usually bother me like that. It’s just that a lot of stuff has just been building and building and it’s not like I wanted to belittle anything she’s gone through. I’m just tired of being a joke. I’m tired of being a lesson in tolerance. And I’m tired of being a frickin' fantasy. These guys that I meet, they just want sex. All they know are the trans women they see in porn, so they jump at the chance to be with one, thinking that sex is my sole purpose. And for some people, yeah, it's their job because it's one where won’t be constantly judged or legally denied employment. But that’s not everybody. I just want a freakin’ conversation. And I just want to feel okay. And I just want others to understand and respect my feelings. I don't want to be different. But at the end of the night, none of that matters to me. They make me feel special, even if it's just for a night. Like, they just validate everything I’ve gone through. But then, the next day, it just feels like I whored out my happiness. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
“Steffennie, listen to me.” Trecille took Steffennie’s face by the chin and titled it up to look at her in the eyes. “I’ll tell you the same thing I tell my daughters: Don’t ever think your only worth to a man is sex. If he’s not interested in what’s in your head or your heart, then he’s got no business in your pants.”
“You don’t understand, Ms. Cordova.”
“No, this, I do understand. I understand because, like you, I’m a woman. It’s your choice if you wanna have casual sex, but if you would rather have sex with more of an emotional connection, then wait for the right person. But don’t ever have sex just to feel like you’re worth something. There’s a guy out there that’ll treat you like the queen you are, and though it may be difficult, and albeit risky, for you, if that’s what you want for yourself, then try to find the right guy for you. But whether you decide to pursue a relationship or not, I just want you to be happy with yourself. Don’t look at yourself as a mistake, or ugly, or anything like that, okay? You know how beautiful you are, and how smart you are, and how talented you are. A whole nation knows how talented you are. You’re an amazing person, Steffennie. Period.”
Steffennie’s crying had calmed but her face was still cheerless.
“And if anyone tries to tell you differently or if anyone tries to get at you in any way, you call me and I swear I’ll knock all of their teeth out. I’ll go West Bronx on them. I’ll go early Mike Tyson on that ass.”
Steffennie smiled and chuckled a little. She wiped away the faint trails of mascara from her eyes. “Thank you, Ms. Cordova.”
“Of course, sweetie. And it’s like it says in the Bible: After all of the darkness and sadness soon comes happiness, and if I surround myself with positive things, I’ll gain prosperity.”
Steffennie laughed. “Pretty sure that was Destiny’s Child.”
“Oh. Well, my point is that you’re young. You’ve got plenty of time to find someone who would want to spend the rest of his life with you. And even if you don’t, it’s not the end of the world.”
“Says the woman who’s got a boyfriend right now.”
“Steff, believe me, I love Doctor, but if anything happens to make us break up, my life will go on. The girls are the single most important thing in my life. A man never will be.”
“But you seemed so upset about being single.”
“I didn’t say I’d be happy about it. I just won’t die of heartbreak if I don’t have someone. Besides, I’m gonna be angry, no matter what. I have an extensive list of things that piss me off, and being single is, like, number ten on that list. I’m mostly angry that I’m always gonna be a stereotype, but what can I do? Latinas can’t help being sexy.” Trecille gave her hair a flip.
Steffennie chuckled as she kicked her shoes off. “You don’t mind staying here and keeping me company, do you?” She brought her feet up onto the couch and scooted closer to Trecille to rest her head on her shoulder. “I’m sorry I cut the party short.”
“No, it’s fine. It’s almost my bedtime, anyway. I can’t party like I used to. Now, tell me about these guys that have been breaking your heart. Do you want me to go beat them up for you?”
“It’s okay, Ms. Cordova. This is all I need, right now.”
“You sure? Because I’ll do it.”
“I’m sure.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Wrapped in the guard of a black steel fence, a large front yard of tall, yellowing grass topped with an assortment of dry leaves and litter swayed in the breeze while a skeleton of a tree held a corner in its roots’ clutch. Far down a walkway running from a shell of suburban comfort was an ivory-colored fountain that was playing host to the scene’s only show of life: birds perched by stagnant, muddied water. Their night had not consisted of much there but strutting around the bowl’s rim and darting their sight around, but the sudden alarming arrival of the Pretty Killers sent them sailing off into the night. As the girls stood to observe the dead-end street that boasted nothing but the building on one side and a thin forest opposite, the alligator popped its head up in a storm drain and spat out Kayzi’s phone. Not without disgust to hide, she retrieved her saliva-drenched device, thanked the animal and sent it on its way with a pat on its head.
“My stars, what a positively frightening house,” said Honeybee, looking up at the fractured mansion. “It’s like something out of those Scooby Doo cartoons.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t know if there are any masked men inside,” said Mimi, “but unless Kayzi’s friend made a wrong turn, the spy thingies should converge here so let’s get in there and investigate.”
“Sure looks like a murderer’s hideout upstairs,” said Jakkie as she peered into one of the second story’s dusty windows. She floated down to the group.
Kayzi pulled out one of her pistols and lifted her foot up to adjust her shoe. “Let’s just get this over with. Hopping all across the city’s not something to do in this type of shoe. Why is my outfit the only one with high heels, anyway?”
“Rule of cute?” Jakkie suggested with a shrug.
The rest of the company armed themselves with their weapons and followed Mimi’s lead as she ran up the walkway, ready to eliminate whatever was waiting on the other side of that weathered door. She dashed into a leap onto the porch step, but the instant her foot hit wood, she could only feel her heart lose a heavy thump as the world fell from underneath her. Like a brick careening through a puzzle, the planks broke apart and dropped into a black abyss. The girls skidded to a stop at the porch’s splinter-riddled mouth and launched their vines to catch the girl, but their stand at the edge was stolen when a great vacuum powered on and pulled them in. Jakkie tried to use her aerial distance to an advantage and pull herself out of the suction, but the force persisted and easily yanked her down into the dark as well.
A twist, a turn, a hump, a bump and the girls hit the hard bottom of the ride’s end. Lights came on and revealed the drop’s destination to be an enormous room in shambles with tables overflowing with oily mechanical parts, stacks of books on shelves, and papers abound. But in all the chaos the wretched workshop held, through the transparent walls of an individual chamber in which each girl was trapped, they could see the tangling of data-spilling snakes slithering up through a drain and leading to a hub of dirty and damaged monitors to display what each one was viewing.
“Nice of you girls to drop in. Hope the ride didn’t suck for you.”
“Who said that?” said Mimi. “I’ll kill you just for making bad puns.”
Down the staircase on the room’s far left came a stick of a young man, each step groaning under his scraggly body dressed in old jeans, a flannel button-up and sandals. He slipped a spoonful of cereal past the thick beard covering his face and neck and into his full-grown grin as he ambled over to the girls. “Well, well, well... the famous Pretty Killers trapped like little toys for me to play with.”
“Not for long,” Mimi said. “Ladies, give it all you got to get out of here.” The girls took the command and built up their best to burst from their captivity, repeatedly punching the walls with the most of their might, but it held strong, not even showing a start of a scratch. Mimi injected the walls with great bolts of electricity, but it was all flashes and no avail. Kayzi took out both her guns and shot the wall in front of her but the blast brutally pushed her back to the other side.
The boy winced. “Ooh, that looked like it hurt.” He slurped some of the milk from his bowl. “Yeah, if I were you all, I’d save my strength. The tubes are made from synthesized lonsdaleite. They’re pretty much stronger than diamond. And you don’t wanna use up all of your air and black out. But of course that is the plan though.” He snapped into a twitchy, staccato laugh.
“I get trying to get rid of us, but what’s with the perv-cams? How’s spying on women gonna help you take over the world?” Minnie asked.
“I have no intent to take over the world. I just want revenge, and you ladies are gonna help me.”
“How can we help you if we’re dead from asphyxia?” Jakkie asked.
“I don’t want you dead. I just want you unconscious. And I’ll know if you’re faking. My computers are watching your vitals.”
“Why do you want us unconscious? Is it so you can learn our identities and get rich? Like, why don’t you just sell these diamond tubes?”
“And why don’t you just suck the air out of our tubes? I mean you have that big vacuum that pulled us down in here,” Minnie said.
The boy threw his bowl at the wall. “Dammit! Shut up! And stop acting like you’re smarter than me. That’s the problem with you women. You all think you’re smarter than me! But I’ll show all of you!”
“We don’t think we’re smarter than you,” said Honeybee. “In fact, I think you’d have to be very intelligent to build something that could withstand our powers.”
“Don’t... frickin’ patronize me!” The boy rushed to Honeybee’s tube and slammed his hands on it. “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re up to. You’re trying to play on my ego to convince me into letting you go, you conniving little whore with your American sweetheart blonde hair and blue eyes. I... I hate girls like you.” He jerked his head and ran his fingers through his hair to calm his building twitch. “You’re— you’re just like that bitch that stole my life away back at college. I was this close to getting my doctorate and she took it all away from me.”
Kayzi threw her exasperated head back to the wall. “Oh, God, not the depressing villainous back story. Please just kill me now.”
“Shut up! I’m in charge here, so you’re gonna listen to whatever I’ve gotta say! And frankly, it’s been lonely being here by myself for the past two years, so it’s nice to finally be able to share this story with someone other Kelly.” He motioned to the plastic doll sitting prim and smiling in a blue dress on the desk by the monitors. “She’s a great listener, but she drinks heavily and we constantly get into arguments. The make up sex is amazing, though. Anyway, I think it all truly started back in middle school when my female gym teacher emasculated me in athletics. My parents said I always overreacted to small things, but this time...”
“Oh, my God, that’s it. I’m gonna hold my breath to speed up the blackout,” Kayzi thought.
“There’s gotta be a way out of here. Some sort of weakness to this thing. Come on, think, Mimi.”
“We’re dealing with a misogynistic and possibly schizophrenic genius. There’s gotta be some kind of way to work through his fractured thoughts and trick him into letting us go. Think, Jakkie.”
“There’s no way that’s Kelly’s real nose. She is kinda hot, but that’s gotta be plastic surgery,” Minnie thought. “And I wonder what kind of cereal that was. Looked like Cheerios or Alpha-Bits, but he looks like the kind of dude that would actually enjoy that nasty King Vitamin. Does anyone really like King Vitamin, or is it just one of those things where you eat it because it’s healthy? Hmmm...”
“You’re not a slut, Britney. Don’t listen to him,” Honeybee thought.
“And then I finally made it to the point where I could realize my dream of being called Dr. Craig Copeland,” the boy said. “I was this close. I just had to do my final thesis project which was going to set out to prove that women are more sexual than men. I applied for a grant to make a short documentary studying the candid sexual nature of women, but the main supervisor said she would never give her permission for me to film such ‘demeaning smut’ and call it worthy of academics. I was ready to compromise. I had no problem changing my thesis, I just wanted to finish school. But when I went back and re-applied, I found out that the grant... the grant went to— to a girl who wanted to explore the psychology of reality television.” Craig sharply winced and twisted his head for a second. “It woul— woul— would’ve been fine if she did some studying or research and interviews. If she talked to people, producers or— or— or writers, or advertisers. Someone! But no. What— what— what— what did she do? What did she do?!” He slammed his fist on Honeybee’s tube and stared straight at her, making her cower. “She explained her thesis by doing a stupid parody of a reality show, starring herself. She was given a quarter-of-a-million dollars to squander away on two months of partying and— and— and clothes and vacations! A quarter-of-a-million dollars! A quar— Where’s the justice?! Where’s the goddamned justice?!” Craig pounded on Honeybee’s tube, his roaring voice sent her into soft, frightened whimpers. He went to scream another answer out of her, but a glance at the girl holding her shivers to keep a brave face quickly pulled him back down to calm. A breath, a blink and he backed away. He stretched his neck, and turned around to unbutton his shirt as he muttered to himself.
“Honeybee, just breathe a bit,” Mimi whispered. “Don’t let him get in your head, okay? Just try to stay calm. I’m getting a plan together.”
Honeybee nodded and inhaled to kick her fear out.
Craig threw his shirt down and kicked a bucket in his path to cap his frustration. The scraping clang echoed deep into the dark of his room as he pulled up a taped-up folding chair to sit in and run his fingers through his hanging hair. “They called her a genius,” he said, staring at the gray of the floor. He rubbed the oil of his head into his undershirt and stood up to approach the girls again. “A genius. The council awarded her with her doctorate saying that she executed the portrayal of her thesis perfectly. And— and she did. I could easily admit that she did, but what just tore every part of my insides apart was that in her video, she showed herself and her friends having sex because it’s ‘a part of reality’. See, it’s all right if girls talk about girls having sex, but when guys do it, we’re pervs. You girls make yourself stars using sex, and then when guys ‘objectify’—” He rolled his eyes. “—you in media, you get all upset. You keep demanding equality but then you keep yourselves at— at such an... antiquated standard. You all are such hypocrites. I mean make up your mind. Do you want to be sluts or do you want to be respectable ladies? What do you want?”
“What we want is to do whatever the heck we feel like without screw-faces like you judging us,” Jakkie said. “If a woman chooses to portray herself in a sexual manner, that’s her choice. And if a woman chooses a reserved nature towards sex, that’s her choice. And if a woman is displeased with how women are depicted in a male-dominated society, that’s her choice too. There’s no standard for how any person should act. We’re all different.”
“I’d expect you, a girl, to side with that bitch and all of those jackasses. Try to reason it out if you want. All I see is that women use sex when it’s beneficial to them, but when we men want to enjoy it, you act like we committed a murder or something. Don’t demonize us for trying to appreciate your bodies when you know one of your prime directives is to get our attention. I mean why are you wearing those short shorts, Jakkie? Do they help your range of motion when you’re fighting? It’s not just ‘rule of cute’? And what about you, Honeybee?”
Honeybee shot her head up and saw the boy coming to her.
“What purpose does showing your midriff serve?”
 Honeybee wanted to speak, but she could not bring words out of the warm, heavy muck mixing in her stomach.
“Screw you!” Kayzi cried, slightly languid. “We wear whatever we want for us. Not for you and your hair-trigger sex drive.” Her eyelids were low and her breathing was growing heavy from the smoke left by her earlier attacks, compromising much of the oxygen in her tube. She braced herself on the walls and kept her consciousness steady through slow wisps of air in and out. “If we wanna put on make-up and a short skirt to feel good, that’s what we’re gonna do. And if we wanna put on something to get attention, that’s what we’re gonna do, too. It’s about the freedom of choice and respect. ...Not just ...appeasing you.”
“Talk all you want. Looks like you’re gonna be the first star of my movie. As soon as those eyes shut, you’re gonna do whatever I tell you to do.” 
“I’m... not gonna do... anything.” Kayzi closed her eyes slid down to her knees, but the rise and fall of her chest was giving a signal that she was not yet out.
“Please tell me you’ve got that plan ready, Mimi,” Minnie said. “It looks like Kayzi’s fading fast, and I think Jakkie’s going, too.” 
Mimi looked over to the little girl lying on her chamber’s floor. She could feel the leader’s vice tightening around her. The more she tried to keep calm and sort her thoughts, the more she was losing everything she needed to think.
“That’s right, girls. Just let go,” Craig said as he took a seat on the edge of his desk. He picked up a black collar and smiled as he gazed at the ornament. “Finally, all that I’ve worked for is coming to pass. I spent years holed up in this house building these cameras to capture candid footage of women so I could complete my movie, and then you ladies showed up. And just seeing how they made you idols gave me the perfect idea on how to send my movie to the super-stardom that it deserves. I invented these obedience collars, and when all of you black out, you’re each getting one of these on you so I can control you. I’ll make you do such dirty things to each other, and I’ll finally prove my thesis to that snobby, moronic supervisor bitch, all the while showing that grant-stealing skank what true reality television is: girls being used as vapid slut-puppets for cheap entertainment. They want reality? They want sex tapes? I’ll show them the best sex tape ever. I’m gonna show them just how dirty their superhero sweethearts can get.” The short beep for which Craig had been waiting finally sounded. He turned to look at his computer and saw that Kayzi had fallen into the desired state of consciousness. “Bingo! This is it.”
“Kayzi, wake up! Please!” Honeybee cried. She, Minnie, and Mimi could only stand with gritted teeth as the chamber opened to dump out Kayzi's empty body. “Kayzi, please, wake up! Please!”
Craig wrapped the band around Kayzi’s neck and snapped it closed. The flashing red light on the band’s button turned green and gave him the cue that the device was functioning. He helped her to her feet and put her hat on her head, his eyes glistening in the glory of the blank slate he had succeeded in putting on her face. “So, Kayzi..., how are you feeling?”
“Oh, my God, I feel so horny.” Kayzi delicately scurried up to Craig’s back and hugged him. “Don’t you wanna hurry up and get Mimi out of there for me, daddy? I can’t wait to taste her sweet lips and piss all over her chest.”
“Oh, my goddess, I’m gonna vomit.”
“And I wanna make you vomit. I guess it’s just the sadist in me.”
“I’ll have Mimi ready for you soon, but don’t you want to shoot your first scene with sweet ol’ little Honeybee? I heard that— that— that she’s been a dirty girl, lately. But she won’t admit it.” Craig turned the button on Kayzi’s collar and changed her kind smile and fluttering eyes into a salacious sneer with a vile light in her eyes. “Go over there and make her say it.”
“It’ll be my pleasure.”
While Craig hurried to the opportunity of applying a collar to an unconscious Jakkie, Kayzi swaggered past her dimming friends to step up to Honeybee. She stopped and put her hands on her hips to feast on the scene of the girl trembling and whimpering against the back of the chamber, struggling to breath.
“Look at you. Curled up and crying like a scared little girl missing her mommy. You’re the weakest one of all us. I don’t even know why you’re on our team. You’re only good for one thing, you little whore.”
“Kayzi, please...”
“The only reason you’re so upset is that you can’t stand to hear the truth. You walk around being this perfect little peach of a girl when deep down, inside, you’re just a dirty little girl, aren’t you?” 
Craig joined Kayzi at her side with Jakkie hanging on his arm. The fulfillment for which he had been searching for so long came washing over him with each tortured tear that dripped down Honeybee’s face. He needed a taste of the acid he directed Kayzi to throw at her. “Yeah, you’re a real dirty girl, aren’t you? Leather and whips and a miniskirt? And you expect me to think you’re a good girl? No, I know the truth. You’re probably the biggest slut here. Just admit it and I might let you go.”
Honeybee wiped her tears and pushed herself to stand hunched, braced by the wall. “I will never admit that because it’s not true,” she said in a wheeze. “No matter what you think about me or my costume, I know what kind of girl I am. And you’re gonna pay for trying to demean me with that word.” She grabbed her whip and turned it into her hammer. It felt heavier than usual as much of her strength was depleted, but she raised it and began swinging for her life at the wall.
Craig and his girls laughed at the hollow attempts. “Go ahead and wear yourself out. You’re just bringing me closer to what I want, and in my video, you can be sure I’m gonna make you the dirtiest Pretty Killer. I can’t even explain the things I’ve got planned for you.”
Honeybee kept swinging, harder and harder. She was fighting past the pounding headache and pushing for her tunnel of sight to keep from closing as Craig rambled on.
“You’re only mad at me ‘cause I called you on your nature. This is exactly what my documentary shows. Women hate being called on their eroticism, yet they wear sexy clothes and makeup for attention. But I figured out why you do it. I’ve studied you all, and I’ve figured out exactly what goes on in your sick and twisted little minds.”
Honeybee kept hammering.
“You’re all conniving little bitches. You want men to rape you because you need to satisfy your twisted little libidos without coming outright and asking for the constant sex you need to stay satiated. You walk around in different outfits praying that one of them will spark some guy’s fantasy and he won’t be able to control himself. That’s what all women want because they get to be the whores they are while still keeping the innocence they think they have. Well, you all aren’t gonna have it both ways anymore. I figured it out. I know what you all want. Just admit that I’m right! That woman denied my documentary because she knew I was right, too! Tell me I’m right! Tell me!”
More determined than ever, Honeybee kept on her task as beads of sweat dripped down her face and blood from her nose.
 Craig smacked the tube. “Stop ignoring me, bitch! Look at me and admit it! Admit I’m right! That’s exactly what you want, isn’t it?! You want someone to screw you, right now, don’t you?! You wanna screw ‘til you’re sick and throw up to keep your figure. You disgust me, you little bitch!”
Honeybee would not oblige sight with the screaming boy. His reddened head, throbbing with veins, was not even in existence there as she was putting all her attention on keeping her hammer in motion.
“Hey! Look at me when I’m talking to you! Look at me! Dammit, look at me, you little—” A bullet cut straight through the boy’s head and silenced his bellows. He dropped to the floor like a sack. While he had been so dearly focused on breaking Honeybee over her racket, he had not noticed that Mimi and Minnie had passed out, been released from their tubes and taken in the air needed to be revived. Mimi ran up to Craig and took a close range shot on his head as he lay there, flailing uncontrollably and gasping. Minnie pointed her shotgun at the surveillance hub and fired a great blast to blow all the electronics to smoldering bits, shorting out the signal to the collars on the girls’ necks.
Jakkie and Kayzi gasped as their senses returned to them. They ripped off the devices and stomped on them until they were left as crumbs. Then, they rushed to Honeybee’s aid as the chamber lifted up to release her body to fall flat on the ground. Jakkie placed her hand over Honeybee’s face and guided a gentle stream of air into her nose, and after a few seconds, Honeybee coughed and came back to life.
“Holy crap, Honeybee, you really saved our butts tonight,” Mimi said. “That was some good thinking there.”
Honeybee coughed again but her breathing was returning to a proper pace. “Thank you.” Her voice was soft and had something of a rasp in it. “I have to be honest though. It didn’t really start as a plan, I was just so frustrated that I just wanted to drown him out, but then I realized that if I kept his attention long enough, you’d be able to come in and do your thing.”
The main thing is that it worked,” Kayzi said. “And about the stuff I was saying—”
“You don’t have to apologize. I know that wasn’t you talkin’.”
“I’m not sure about what you said to me, though,” said Mimi.
“Never bring that up again. Bleach it from your brain, now.”
“Yes, mistress.”
“You know what—”
“Please don’t hit me, mistress,” said Mimi, feigning fear. She held her arm to shield her face. She dropped her act and cackled.
“That’s not funny.” Kayzi shoved Mimi at her arm. “Now, let’s get out of this little shop of horrors.” She tossed up a small ember to burn a hole through the ceiling and jumped through to the ground floor.”
Mimi leaped through the opening, followed by Jakkie who floated up and through. Honeybee stood to  prep a jump, but Minnie grabbed her arm and kept her anchored.
“Honeybee, before we get out of here, I just wanna make sure you really are okay. We get scratched and beat up by monsters all the time, but that dude was beating up your feelings. And those don’t heal the same as everything else. Trust me, I know.”
“Hey, guys, what’s the hold up?” Jakkie said, peering through the ceiling’s hole. “You taking Facebook pictures or something?”
Honeybee let out a long sigh and looked up at the girls. “Can I share something with y’all? About the real reason I left Tennessee.”
“It’s not another depressing back story, is it? I wanna go home,” Kayzi whined.
Jakkie gave Kayzi’s arm a backhanded smack and turned back to Honeybee. “Of course you can. Come on up. The furniture in the living room’s so nice.”
Honeybee and Minnie leaped into the dark and dusty room that was sporting only an intricately designed rug and a furniture set facing a painting framed in gold. The two girls took a seat with Jakkie on the couch against the wall. And with a little gust from a wave of her hand, Mimi blew cobwebs off an adjacent chair by the wide window of the home’s front where moonlight sneaked in through the thin, tattered drapes. She flopped down into the dipping cushion while Kayzi opted to sit on the arm.
“Despite the curse, things were good for me back in Memphis. I had my circle of friends that I had known since I was a little girl, and the summer before we were to start high school, we were all talking about growing up and all the things we had been through in the past few years, and each of them mentioned about their first time having sex. I hadn’t done it yet, so they said I should do it before starting high school because the boys expect you to have that kind of experience. I know it sounds dumb or naïve for me to have listened to them, but you have to understand, these were my friends. We were always honest and trusting with each other, so there was no reason for me to believe they were trying to steer me wrong. I know they weren’t trying to. Or at least I thought they weren’t.”
“So, what happened?” said Mimi.
“Sometime through our first year at high school, I became the stuff of gossip. I don’t even know how what I did over the summer came up in anyone’s conversations, but it had to be either the guy I did it with or one of my so-called friends who said something because they were the only ones who knew, and soon everyone was calling me a slut and a whore and all those names. And then people started making up a whole bunch of things about me, like I had had an abortion and I had different STDs and stuff. I was just the running joke of the school year. And at the start of it all, my friends tried to stand up for me but then it just got to a point where they stopped talking to me because they didn’t wanna share the abuse I was getting.
So, I’m 14, I don’t have my friends, I’ve got rumors going on about me, I’m getting made fun of for being Jewish, and from time to time for living on a farm. I was just so sad all the time, so I started cutting myself... just because it seemed like the thing to do. You know, you hear about people in that kind of situation and it’s supposed to give you some kind of relief. Like trading one kind of pain for another or scratching away at the version of you that you hate or something. I don’t know. I just used to scratch my legs with sewing needles, but it didn’t help; it just scared me. I stopped and tried to hide the scars, but soon people were talking about them. My dad used to ask me if there was anything going on with me, but I never really told him or asked if we could move because I didn’t wanna tell him what was going on because I thought he’d be disappointed in me.
Every day was just the same crap over and over until one night last year when I was riding my bike on the dirt road from the store to my house, and some older guys from school sped up behind me in their truck and ran me off the road. They got out of the truck and I guess they had been drinking. I tried to get back up on my bike, but I had twisted my ankle so I couldn’t move that fast, and all I could think was just ‘why me? What did I do to deserve any of this?’. The guys pushed me back down and I thought they were gonna try to rape me, but a couple of them held me down while the others peed all over my face and body because I... ‘wasn’t worth catching something’ to them.
I lost it... I literally lost it at that moment. I didn’t know who I was anymore. And it’s all so blurry, because it all happened so quickly, but the memory’s so vivid, too. I remember stomping on the throat of one of those guys, and he was screaming. And I was crying and stomping on him until he stopped moving. ...I killed him. Really, I wanted to kill all of them, but the whole group was too much for one girl to fight off.  So, they kicked me around, and took their friend and drove away. And I went home and I broke down so terribly, and I told my parents about everything that had been going on. And like I assumed, they were disappointed in me because I didn’t come to them in the beginning. But the worst of our worries was that I had killed that guy. My whole life was over in all of five minutes just because everyone else had been monsters to me for the past two years. I couldn’t close my eyes at all that night. I was throwing up almost every hour just thinking about what was going to happen to me.”
“So... how did... why aren’t you in jail?” Kayzi asked. “I mean not that I think you should be. I just... I... I don’t know what to say.”
“All I can say is that God was watching over me, because the next day, I found out that those guys were dead. All of them. Drunk driving accident. They were ruined so badly, there was no way the guy that I killed could even be traced back to me.”
“Oh, my God, are you serious?” Minnie said.
Honeybee nodded. “When my dad saw the news that morning, we all were speechless. We just fell to our knees and cried, and prayed. And as much as I wanted to feel bad that they had died, I couldn’t. I  was happy and I felt like... like...”
“Vindicated?” said Jakkie.
“Yeah. It was like justice had been served. I had never been so happy to hear that someone had died, but then, I felt guilty for being happy. And that night just kept haunting me. Every thing around me haunted me. And I just made myself an outcast as school. I think I might have actually gone a whole month without talking to anyone. Eventually, my dad found a job up here and I was so happy that I had a chance to start over, to be that pure girl that I wished could be again. To just be a completely different person. I changed myself. Like saying ‘my stars’ and ‘I do declare’ and stuff like that. That’s not me. I don’t really talk that way. I don’t even know anybody who does. And even though you all told me how people are more open minded here, I didn’t want to take the chance of letting you all know the real me because it was hard for me to trust anyone. It’s nothing against any of you. It’s just that the girls that I had known for years turned on me so quickly, so how would people I’ve known for a day react if I told them I used to be depressed and suicidal? You all were so inviting, and you made me a superhero. I just didn’t want to do anything to lose your friendship. You guys...” Honeybee’s voice began to crack as tears welled up in her eyes. “You guys just don’t know how you all saved my life.”
Jakkie and Minnie wrapped their arms around Honeybee as she started to sob. “You can totally be yourself around us, B. We won’t love you any differently,” said Jakkie.
“And if it means we have to get to know you all over again, that’s fine,” said Minnie. “If the real Honeybee likes Toaster Strudel instead of Pop Tarts or Beakman’s World instead of Bill Nye, we’re just gonna deal with it.”
“I’m still the same girl, Minnie,” Honeybee said, wiping her eyes. “I’m just not that perfect or proper or whatever you call it.”
“You know I was hesitant to have you join with us,” Mimi said, “but you’ve more than proved me wrong about how I felt then. And truly, I respect you so much, Honeybee. I haven’t forgot that little incident at the game show, but we’ll talk about that later. Right now, just know that we’ve got your back forever, because we’re not just a team. We’re your friends, and we love you. We always will. I promise that.”
“Thank you.” Honeybee smiled.
Minnie tightened her persisting embrace around Honeybee and the silence they shared weighed more than further endearing words could have, but it would not be long before faint sobs crept into the room and chilled the girls inside. They looked to each other but no one was shedding any more tears. The weeping grew louder as a form as milky white as the light in the window spilled from the picture across the room and hovered above the girls.
“Oh, my God! Like, that was, like, totally the most saddest and most beautiful thing I’ve ever heard.” The translucent and glowing girl floated to Honeybee and Minnie and wrapped her frosty arms around them. “You’re such a strong girl. And you’ve got such great friends.”
“Ghost!” Honeybee screamed. She lit up her hand in flames and punched at the young woman, but she opened a hole in her abdomen and the punch sailed through, sending fire forth to ignite a vase full of fake flowers on a table in the next room.
“Hey, hey, calm down. This is, like, my home and junk.” The ghost swirled around the fire and extinguished it. “My name’s Kelly Farrow, and I’ve been stuck bored in this place since 1992. And you guys are the first people that have come in here that I’ve really wanted to talk to, and you don’t even know how glad I am that you all can see me. People move in, but they don’t stay because, well, you know, I, like, haunt the place and junk, and they can’t see me so they get all freaked out. Then, that guy moved in, and he turned out to be skeevy to the max. I’m, like, so glad you guys killed him. I don’t know how much more I could have stood hanging with him through possession of that doll. Even in the after life, I get stuck with the crazy ones.”
“What killed you, if you don’t mind my asking?” said Jakkie.
“My boyfriend axed me in the back, and cut off my arms.” Kelly turned around and showed them a long and jagged rip through her clothes and skin that revealed her spine. Then, she raised her arms to give a better view of how they were only bones. “He was, like, so the jealous type, and always thought I was cheating on him. And I was always like, ‘Babe, get crucial. I totally dig you, you know, right?’ But he killed me because he didn’t want me to ‘share my special kind of love with anyone else’. That guy was seriously mental. I told him not listen to all that grunge and junk.”
Kayzi began to speak, but Mimi quickly raised her hand to shush her. “Before you say a word, I get it. I’ll write happier songs.”
“Oh, my God, you write music? I used to, too.” Kelly wafted down to Mimi and looked straight into her with begging eyes. “Can I write a song with you, please? My boyfriend used to hate pop music. He said I was dumb for, like, liking it. Such an elitist.”
“Ugh, elitists,” Mimi said. “Screw 'em. It's like I get if you don’t like something, but there’s no reason to be a butthole about it.”
“Like, I know, right?” Kelly said.
“Aren’t you guys being elitist against elitists?” Kayzi said.
Kelly scoffed. “Uh, no. Like, get crucial. That’s like being racist against a racist. It’s like someone was being a jerk first. We’re just responding to it.”
“Exactly!” Mimi said. “I like you Kelly. You’re good in my book. I’d be happy to do a song with you. Maybe you can help me bring out my inner Britney Spears. Or Debbie Gibson, in your case.”
“Oh, I know who Britney Spears is. Like, just ‘cause I died in 1992, that doesn’t mean I haven’t caught a little bit of what’s been going on since then. But it’s kinda hard to keep up if, like, nobody lives here, though. Who’d we elect after Bush’s son?”
“A black celebrity that used inspirational quips as a platform.”
“Oprah Winfrey made it to the White House? That’s so great. I’m proud of her. Anyway, I know I come off like this mega-ditz or junk, but I swear I can write deep-like songs, too. I’ve got stuff I can, like, pull from in my life. Like this one time when I was a kid, my mom—”
Kayzi let out a frustrated roar of a groan. “No! I’m not listening to another depressing back story. I get it. Life sucks; we deal with it and move along. Screw this, I’m going to bed.”




Chapter Eleven
Kill


Once upon a night so naughty, 
o’er a burg revered so high and haughty,
what sat full-eyed but yon amber moon, 
dipped sweet in honey to drip thy shine.
And treats the same like the brightly guiding, 
though gath’ring wrapped by nearly ere.
Not a trick in the walk, no ill will hiding. 
The costumed kids’ bounty: fair.
All Hallow’s Eve pursued in care

And Mother Cordova’s abode did share 
in masquerade and gentle carousing. 
A host to feast off fiery coals. 
Her mansion’s yard refined, inviting.
The lovers and friends astir and delighted, 
the spirits on high perfumed and melodic.
The spirits unholy, unseen, un-minded.
But that which lore could not do 
would prove alive in appreciable sight.
‘Tis not the eyes that make belief.
‘Tis always the fright.

With cobwebs, gravestones, and cauldrons overflowing with fog, the patio of Trecille’s home had been reformed into a gruesome scene, and many of the guests were making use of the dance floor while others enjoyed the cuisine that she was providing. Ribs and steaks and burgers and fish and shrimp, all fresh from a grill along with a wide assortment of sides and snacks. No expense was spared by Trecille to celebrate the holiday for which she had always had an affinity since childhood. She loved that the day gave her the opportunity to use her aptitude for design to its maximal order, but for this year she went for a considerably minimal outfit consisting of a red top, blue bell-bottom jeans, and feathered, blonde hair. Right at her side was Doctor in a leisure suit and afro wig.
Doctor’s lips curled in disgust as he studied the meat lying across the grill. “Okay, I know it’s Halloween, but why does it look like you murdered a person, chopped them up and threw them on this grill?”
“It’s a pig. You gotta have pork at a party.”
“No... you really don’t.” Doctor lifted the lid off of a hot pot aside the grill where foods were bubbling and jostling around in oil. “And what’s going on in here... besides death by sodium?”
“Back in New York, we had these places that sold cuchifritos which basically just means ‘fried food’. Everything they sold tasted amazing, but my favorite thing was always the alcapurrias. They’re like fritters. That’s what’s in there.”
“Cuchifritos. Alcapurrias,” Doctor said, mimicking Trecille’s rolling of her ‘R’s. “I guess if you’re gonna clog your arteries, you might as well do it with a sexy tongue roll.”
Trecille shot out a quick annoyed groan and rolled her eyes. “Doc, it’s Halloween. Can’t you take one day off of your job? I mean we’ve got these tofu sausages and veggie burgers on here and I got the organic snacks and stuff. Can’t I at least have my alcapurrias and stuff without you giving me grief?”
“I just wanna live a happy and healthy life. You can’t do that with pig and chicken fritters sitting in your arteries.”
“Maybe you can’t, but cuchifritos put meat on a Latina’s bones. God knows Jina could use a bit more on hers, but now she’s on this stupid pessimistic diet.”
“Pescatarian, Tre. And it doesn’t hurt to eat healthily. Here, just try some of this veggie burger.” Doctor picked up a pair of tongs and tore piece from one of the patties. He blew on it to cool it down.
“Mira, City of Angels, you put that crap anywhere near my mouth and I will burn you with this spatula.”
“Just try it, Tre. You never know, you might like it.”
“But I already know I like pork. I’ve eaten it my whole life, and I’ve never felt better. Ergo, don’t fix what ain’t broken.”
“Tre, stop being stubborn, and just try the damn thing.”
“No.” With her spatula, Trecille pushed the tongs away and Doctor dropped his grip on the piece of food. It fell to the ground where an ant ran upon it, turned and left. 
“All right, you know what, fine. Don’t try it. Just keep eating your saturated fats and stuff. But you’ve got a real attitude problem, and it’s probably from all of those toxins and cholesterol built up inside.”
“I don’t give a crap.”
“Yeah, that’s what gonna happen when that meat backs up in your system. But whatever, I’m gonna go get a drink and enjoy myself. You want anything?”
“Just bring me whatever. But don’t come back here with no colonic cleanses or Metamucil or any of that stuff.”
“No promises, angel,” Doctor said. He kissed Trecille’s cheek and left for the table holding the assortment of beverages.
Inside the home, the kitchen was alive with the chatter and laughs of Tomika, Jina and their friends. Among the costumed kids was Jina who wore a long, black wig, big sunglasses; a pink, velour tracksuit and a fake pregnant stomach with four tentacles poking out of her sides. Jayla costumed herself in black-rimmed glasses, a black latex bodysuit with guns strapped around both of her thighs, and knee-high boots. Jizzelle came as a sexy angel, Danielle came as a sexy Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer, and Kerou came as a sexy... zombie... vampire hunter or something? Britney styled her hair to be wavy and flowing, and she wore a black dress and fingerless gloves with a sparkling acoustic guitar. Allie decorated her nose with fake piercings and dressed up in a purple seashell bra, black leather jacket, teal scaly pants, and black boots. Marc and Benn both dressed in a blue button-up shirt, khaki pants and a thick black beard, but the distinguishing factor of Benn’s costume was a makeshift halo over his head. They were all sharing a platter of shrimp cocktail and biscuits when the doorbell gonged.
“Tomika, go get that,” said Jina with her mouth full.
“Why do I have to get it? You’re closer to the door.”
“I’m with children. I need to keep them nourished so they come out healthy and able to get me checks from the government.”
“If you’re gonna be that in-character with this Octomom thing, you shouldn’t be eating shellfish.”
“Just go get the door.”
“Whatevs. Save me some of that good-ass shrimp, Marc.”
Marc mumbled a confirmation.
Tomika ran to the front door and opened it to let in Morgan who was wearing a shirt and a cardboard box with a white paper taped to the front. “What the heck are you supposed to be?”
“Duh! I’m obviously a package from some t-shirt website.”
“Let me guess. You had a smoke, went to sleep, remembered there was free food at my house and threw this costume together at the last second.”
“Dude, you know me so well.”
Tomika chuckled. “Well, I’ll give you points for effort. Come on in. We’re hanging out in the kitchen. Oh, and I know it’s gonna be hard, but Britney came as Taylor Swift, and she’s been hearing the ‘I’m-a let you finish’ joke all night. So, try to stay away from that one.”
“No prob. I’ll just make fun of that oh-my-God-I-can’t-believe-I-won-another-award face.” Morgan examined Tomika’s costume of black boots, blue jeans, a leather jacket and a leather top hat with dreadlocks hanging down. “Hey, nice T-Pain costume. You really look like him.”
Tomika threw her head back and growled up to the ceiling. “Why does everyone think I’m T-Pain? I’m supposed to be Linda Perry from 4 Non Blondes. Her band had that song ‘What’s Up?’. Then, she went on to write and produce songs for Gwen Stefani, and Pink and Christina Aguilera. She’s an amazing woman.”
“Sorry, but all I see is T-Pain.”
Tomika rolled her eyes. “Whatevs.” She led Morgan to the kitchen just as Pepper came in through the patio door, stumbling in her red wedged-heel shoes.
“Nice costume,” said Danielle, observing Pepper’s blue and gold cheerleader outfit. She was wearing a long, black wig and had fake blood smeared around her mouth and chest. “You look like a sluttier version of Jina.”
“Excuse you,” said Jina.
“I’m Megan Fox’s character in Jennifer’s Body.” Pepper stumbled to a counter and caught her balance. Hoping to erase her awkward walk, she posed with something of a sensual smirk. “Don’t I look devilishly sexy?”
“If, by sexy, you mean ‘like a stripper after a root canal’, then yes. Very much so,” said Jayla.
“Hilarious,” said Pepper flatly. “I’m surprised you didn’t show up as Bumblebee from Transformers. With you being black and yellow.”
“All right, calm down, you two. We’re here to have fun,” said Jina. “And I think you look super sexy, Pepper. I so wouldn’t mind getting attacked by a demon if she looked like you.”
“Uh-oh. Watch out, everybody. Jina’s panties just hit the floor, and they’re slippery when wet,” Tomika said.
Jina laughed tartly. “Go drink a bleach milkshake, baby sister.”
“I don’t know how I let Felicia talk me into wearing this,” Pepper said. “I really don’t like wearing skirts, ‘cause it feels like my butt’s hanging out when I do. It just feels weird, you know?”
“Dude, I know exactly what you mean,” Morgan said. “My butt’s hanging out right now and it doesn’t feel as awesome as I thought it would.”
Jizzelle peered into Morgan’s box. “My God, the girl’s nearly naked.”
Benn’s eyes lit up. “Really? Let me see.” Jizzelle slapped his head.
“Anyway, you guys look great,” Pepper said. “Especially you, Tomika. Nice choice going with T-Pain.”
“I’m Linda Perry, damn it!”
“So, what took you so long to get here? I mean you’re right next door,” said Jina.
“You know Felicia. She’s gotta be fashionably late to everything. But we saw your mother’s assistant out there. She gets my vote for best costume here. She looks almost exactly like Lady GaGa.”
“With the crotch bulge too,” Benn said. Jizzelle slapped his head again.
“We all told her it would’ve been a crime for her not to show up as Lady GaGa,” said Jina. “She was perfect for it.”
“Well, I suggested Sarah Jessica Parker’s character from Hocus Pocus,” said Tomika before shoving three jumbo shrimp into her mouth.
“While we’re on the subject, word around the school is that one of you girls have some unreleased Lady GaGa songs,” Danielle said. “If any of you have any new album exclusives, I need to hear them, now.”
“You wanna field that one, Allie?” said Kerou.
“Yeah, I got ‘em, but there’s nothing to really get excited about. A lot of stuff that I have is unfinished and I don’t know what, if any of what I have, will be on the next album.”
“Holy crap. How’d you get Lady GaGa demos?” asked Pepper.
“I plead the sixth.”
“The right to a speedy and public trial?” Kerou said.
“How’s that for a Freudian slip?” said Jayla.
“Look, I don’t care about how she got the songs. I just wanna hear them. Do you know how it feels to be the last one to find out about all of this? Even though I thought we were friends, Jina. Does our sharing the captain title of the cheerleader squad mean nothing to you?”
“Okay, one: That’s not effective until next semester. And number two: I thought it was established pretty clearly at the beginning of the semester that you and I are frienemies. I only like you if it’s beneficial to my needs, and vice versa, but it’s still contingent upon my decision to actually care about you at that time.”
“Fine. Let it be known that on October 31st at 9:09 PM, I became actual friends with you all. Is that okay with everyone? Now, let me hear the songs.”
“Well, obviously, I don’t have them with me right now,” Allie said. “Just come find me on Monday and promise that you won’t blab to the whole school about it.”
“Oh, I won’t. Blonde’s honor, and my word’s as good as gold.”
“I suppose you just want me to ignore that the value of gold’s down right now?”
“We’d love to upgrade you from auxiliary friend to official friend,” said Morgan. “But there’s one thing you gotta do first.”
Danielle raised her eyebrow, dubious. “And what’s that?”
“Vagina cuddle!” Morgan gleefully screamed.
Danielle put her hands up for guard and backed away. “Oh, no, no, really, that’s not necessary.”
“Of course it is.” Morgan approached Danielle with her arms wide open. “It’s mandatory with us. Now, don’t be shy. Take my cuddle.” 
“Morgan, you’re in nothing but your underwear and a box. Don’t touch me. Just, eww.”
“Eww nothing. We’re friends, now. This is happening.” Morgan cornered Danielle against the counter and pushed herself into a hug made difficult by the perimeter of her box. Persisting through the girl’s resisting, she wrapped her arms around Danielle’s waist and lovingly nuzzled her hair while all of the teens laughed.
“I wanna be frienemies again,” Danielle said.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Back on the patio, Felicia was savoring a strawberry s’more with marshmallows fresh from over the grill. She was wearing a black dress of leather with a high hem, fishnet stockings and stiletto high-heel shoes. “Excellent party, Tre. You outdid yourself with this spread.” She swiped away from her eyes part of the bangs of her long, straight and golden-brown wig.
“Well, you know I’m no stranger to soirees,” said Trecille. “But just so we’re clear, you better watch your mouth around Steff or I’m-a put over these coals. No juegues conmigo.”
“Yeah, yeah, I apologized already.”
“I still got my eye on you, cochina. And who are you supposed to be anyway? Eve or Lil Kim or somebody?”
“Isn’t it obvious? I’m Cassadee Stacks.” Felicia put her hands up and did a twirl to present her costume in better detail along with her stomach now protruding a bit.
Trecille gasped as she shot her eyes open wide. She quickly drew a crucifix over her body. “Girl, is you crazy? You tryin’ to get my house haunted with the Beetlejuice or something? The woman just died in June. Don’t come up in here making light of the dead.”
“How am I making light of the dead? And what about you, Ms. Charlie’s Angels?! Farrah Fawcett’s been dead about the same amount of the time. What do you call your costume?”
“I’m honoring her, not parading around like some cochina like you. Farrah Fawcett was one of my role models when I was a kid.”
“Were you even old enough to watch that show in the ‘70s?”
“Shut up! Go home and change. My house, my rules.” Trecille spun Felicia around and gave her back a light shove.
Felicia stumbled but she kept her balance on her needle-like heels. “Honestly, Tre, you don’t believe that urban legend, do you? Cassadee Stacks was just some model, or stripper, or whatever that died in an accident.”
“Okay, firstly, stop saying her name. She’s ‘the one who shall not be named’ in my house, okay? Secondly, her death wasn’t an accident. Her murder at that nightclub was a setup. And now that she’s gone ghost, she’s taking the soul of every black guy alive until she finds the ones who did it. But she just can’t rise up out of Hell by herself. You have to text her the name of the guy you want killed.”
“Tre, that is redic—”
“Thirdly! There was this guy in New York. His friends said that he said his ex-girlfriend told him that she was gonna summon her spirit for revenge, but he didn’t believe her. The next thing his friends knew, the dude lost both legs in an accident at his job and died. He lost his legs serving popcorn at Kmart! Coincidence? I don’t think so.”
Felicia stood with a scathing cynical frown and arms folded. “Tre, where did you hear something so idiotic as that?”
“It’s not idiotic, it was on Spike TV’s Big Nuts in History with Chris Jericho. History’s made everyday, cochina.”
“But why are you so afraid of her haunting the house if she only goes after black men? What? You think she’s gonna take Doctor’s soul? He’s barely got any. Have you seen him dance?” Felicia pointed to the man in a circle of his peers, cheering for him and clapping to the beat of a funk song as he flapped against the rhythm.
“Not that type of soul, dumbass. His essence, his spirit, the part of him that goes to Heaven. And ain’t nothin’ wrong with Doc’s dancing.” Trecille turned to the man and called out, “You go, baby! Don’t hurt ‘em!”
“All right, you know what, I’m putting this to bed right now.” Felicia pulled out her phone, and began typing up a text message.
“Felicia!” Trecille snatched the device from her and hurled it down into the concrete of the patio. Then, she stepped on it to crack the screen. “The hell is wrong with you, you hard-headed whore? Didn’t nobody teach you the history of Halloween? This is the night where we try to keep the ghosts and demons away, not give them a blatant invitation to haunt us. That’s why we dress up in costumes.”
“Then there should be nothing to worry about. We’re both dressed up.”
“Ghost summoning overrides traditional rituals. God, for someone who went to college, you sure don’t know anything. I mean what do you think will happen if you say ‘bloody Mary’ in a church? That bitch is gonna show up regardless of all the sanctity around you.”
“Whatever.” Felicia scooped up her phone and hit the send button. Then, she held up the phone to show her done deed.
Trecille’s heart tightened. “What?! That thing wasn’t broken?!”
“Maybe the ghost of Nokia protecting it... whooooo!” Felicia said in a spooky-like voice. “But you know what’s even stranger? I sent a text just like the legend dictates, and—” She feigned a deep and wide-eyed gasp. “Nothing happened. I told you it was just a—”
The lights died. To hold Felicia’s words in her mouth, every bulb within or outside the house went black, and was followed by blank screens on every electronic device in the area. The flames on the grill were snuffed out, and with everyone blind under the stars, Felicia’s phone lit up to bring a green glow through its fractured screen while jostling from her grip. She tossed the device to the ground and backed away to the crowd all gazing curious at the peculiarity.
“Mom, what’s going on?” Jina said as she and the others rushed from the house.
“Felicia’s dumb ass summoned a ghost even after I warned her! I told her the legend was true!”
“What legend?” said Britney.
The light spilled from the phone and crept across the patio as if florid lines had been carved in a great circle on the ground to call forth a rushing stream that spiraled up from the heart of the design. It shot high above all looking on fearful and burst into sparkles to reveal a floating woman, glowing and translucent. “The legend of Cassadee Stacks!” she announced grandly.

Arise angelic body, O that wicked grin
O raven haired maven, name spake or written sin
Common lust in your dress, but a pearl on your skin
Should curiosity in your ferocity do all innocents in? 
Tales on the tree: quoth the raven, “she’s a whore.”
“Hush, foul fowl,” she snidely implored.

“Goddammit!” Trecille cried. “I just know them white people across the street are pitching a fit right now. I can’t do nothin’ in this neighborhood.”
Trecille’s concerns had been realized as one of the elderly residents across the street had taken to peeking through her bedroom window’s blinds. “Franklin! Franklin!” said the woman to her husband who was lying in the bed watching television. “The neighbors summoned some kind of ethnic looking ghost.”
“I told you this’d happen, Edith, but you just had to vote Libertarian.”
Cassadee pulled out a mobile phone and checked the message just sent to her. “So, who called for me to take care of someone named I. C. Wiener? Aw, crud. All right, who’s the comedian?” Everyone backed away and pointed to Felicia, directing Cassadee to swoop down to her and stare cold in her eyes. “Did you send this?”
Felicia’s mouth went dry and brought up a nervous laugh, stuttering with the beat of her racing heart. “I— I... I’m sorry, I didn’t know you were a real ghost— demon or whatever. I thought that stuff was just a story and—” She whipped an accusatory finger over to Trecille. “It’s her fault. If she had just been cool about my costume, then none of this would’ve happened. And she’s got a black boyfriend and baby daddy. Haunt her!”
“Felicia, you—!” A sharp slap to the back of the head spoke all the fury and abhorrence Trecille’s words could not even begin to describe in response to Felicia’s treachery.
“You can’t keep hitting me, Tre. I’m with child.”
“Well, that hard head it’s gonna inherit from you should keep it protected.” Trecille sent out a barrage of smacks to Felicia’s head until Jeff and Doctor took a hold on both of her arms, but Trecille struggled fervently to break the grip. “It’s your fault, comin’ up in my house with your skank costume, and— Ooh!” Trecille covered her mistaken mouth and whisked her eyes up to Cassadee who was leering bitterly back at her. “Miss Cassadee, ma’am, I am so sorr—”
“Save it! Firstly, I am not a ghost or a demon. If I were a ghost, you wouldn’t be able to hear or see me easily. If I were a demon, I’d be part animal and confined to Hell. Do I float before you with any of those traits? No. Why? Because I’m a ‘shade’.  As a shade, it is my job to come to this realm and collect wanted souls—what you all call ghosts—and bring them to the Afterworld.”
“Hey, this kinda sounds familiar,” Tomika whispered to Jayla who nodded in agreement.
“Secondly, I’m tired of everyone having the wrong story about me. I was a model. Not a stripper, not a porn star. A model. And it just so happened that the rapper that I was dating turned out to be having ‘undercover homosexual escapades’. And ‘cause he was such a paranoid little bitch, he thought I was gonna go public about his little secret. I didn’t. But one of his ‘homies’ did. And then he made up a bunch of stories about how I slept around with the entourage, so they all could front about not being gay to their fans. After I left him, I thought I could finally get on with my life, but one of his fans caught me at a club and shot me. I got shot for something that I didn’t even say! I cannot tell you how fast I jumped on the opportunity to become a soul-gathering shade, ‘cause at the end of my term, I can become a guardian angel, so I can make sure that no other women end up in the way I did. But most of all, I want to protect my sister Kat from what happened to me. And maybe even our little brother Marshall. If my death doesn’t keep them from making similar mistakes, then I hope that I can at least be the voice in their heads to help them with other stuff. Nevertheless, I hate men. I hate how bitchy they can be, and then they try to act like they’re better than women. It’s sickening.”
“This is so frickin’ apropos,” Kerou whispered to Tomika. “After battling with that misogynist dude, last week, I began working on lesson plans to discuss misandry.  Like how a lot of people don’t consider it to be a real thing in the sense that the playing field’s not level enough for the dislike of women to have a equivalent. Then, there’s some people who believe that it shouldn’t be a real thing because, apparently, men have poor representation in the media, and they have tough lives handling jobs that are ‘more difficult for women to handle’. But seriously, some people argue that men are being ‘forced’ to respect women and women are being taught through media that they should hate men. You know, characters like the ‘useless baby daddy’ or ‘incompetent dad’ and stuff? And I’m like maybe that stuff can influence a person’s misandric views, but for the most part, it’s the real-life oppression that most feminists take issue with. It’s like I was saying to that dude—”
“Oh, I’m sorry, am I boring you?” said Cassadee curtly. She flew down to Kerou.
“No, of course not. I was just discussing things pertaining to your views. I totally agree with you about how the current climate of the rap industry is detrimental to women. Country and rock music aren’t as innocent either, but you don’t hear about that too much. But I totally think it wasn’t fair that you were made out to be the villain in this. It’s like how Lizzie Borden was actually acquitted of murdering her parents, but history still remembers her as some cold-hearted killer. Seriously, not cool, right?”
Cassadee raised an uncertain eyebrow and circled around Kerou slowly. “Let me ask you something, little girl. Are you scared of me? Be honest.”
“Would you be angry if I said no?”
“Not at all. I’m sensing a strong spirit presence from you, anyway. A very strong presence like a spirit possession in you.”
Kerou’s father hurried to her side to pull her into a protective clutch. “Whatever you’re sensing, it’s gotta be a mistake. My little girl doesn’t fool around with any of that evil stuff.” He pulled back and re-examined her costume. “For the most part. She’s a good Catholic girl.”
“Famous last porno words,” Cassadee said, rolling her eyes. “Tell me the truth, little girl, ‘cause I can totally sense it from you and these other girls. I’m not too sure, but I know it’s from another realm.”
Kerou sighed. “Dad, don’t freak out—”
“Kerou, you haven’t been devil worshiping, have you? Oh, I knew I should’ve kept you in church more. Are you doing this because you miss your mother? Or is this because of that music you listen to? That Pierce The Veil and that Lonely Island or whatever.”
“It’s not like that, dad. I just talked to a couple of ghosts. But they were totally cool. There was no devil worshiping or whatever you’re thinking.”
“You talked to ghosts?! How?! Why?!”
“One of them was lonely, dad. She just wanted someone to talk to. And the other one wanted to make sure that her message of girl power lived on.”
“But out of all the people in this world, you had to be the one who talked to these things?”
“Calm down, daddy,” said Cassadee. “Mere communication with a couple of wanted souls wouldn’t give her anything near the presence that I’m picking up from her. No... I know exactly what it is with these girls. Especially, this one.” With a smirk, she pointed to Tomika before floating down to the patio table to take a relaxed seat with her legs crossed. “Oh, my God, this is just too delicious. You’re the Princess of the Spirit World, aren’t you?”
“Unless I have a doppelganger I should know about, I think you’re confusing me with someone else,” Tomika said. “I’m not a princess. I’ve been known to enjoy some Disney soundtracks, but that’s about it.”
“Oh, no. All I’ve heard since I’ve been in the Afterworld is how the Princess did this. The Princess did that. Princess, Princess, Princess. Screw a secret identity, you’re Mimi Lenoira, and there’s no way you can deny it. Your friend described some pretty in-depth wanted soul contact for her to be a regular human. You guys are the Pretty Killers, aren’t you?”
The crowd gasped. “Holy crap! Now that she mentions it, Tomika sorta does look like Mimi Lenoira,” Jeff said. “I mean I can almost get a visual, but it’s like there’s some sort of magical mind-block that just leaves me baffled. I don’t know, maybe it’s just a coincidence.”
“Purple eyes!” Felicia screamed. “How could have we not put that together? I mean it’s frickin’ right there, obvi’ as chicken on a farm. God, now I feel as oblivious as Bulk and Skull on Power Rangers who never realized that the the kids they went to school with always wore the same colors as the Rangers; or as oblivious as people on Hannah Montana, who couldn’t tell that Hannah was Miley in a wig; or as oblivious as the parents on Danny Phantom who couldn’t tell that the ghost they hated had the same voice as their son. And, uh, frickin’ Superman?! Need I even say anything? And while we’re on the subject, can I just ask why does it seem that no one on CSI or any of those crime shows uses a mouse when they’re on the computer? They’ve either got a touch screen or just like ‘clack, clack, clack, clack, clack’ all over the keyboard. Am I, like, supposed to believe that everyone just uses keyboard shortcuts to bring up browsers and programs and search fields. And what’s up with everything beeping? You open a window and it beeps, you click a page and it beeps. What operating system are you using where every action you do results in  beeping? And what’s up with people driving in TV shows? Anybody notice how they jerk the steering wheel back and forth like they’re speeding down Lombard Street in San Francisco? Uh... last time I checked, it didn’t take that much effort to keep a car steady on a frickin’ straight road. And for the record, I know black people. I grew up with black people. I have never known one black person to just tightly associate with three white guys. Like, that antiquated crew dynamic just has never made sense to me. Okay, and like—”
Jeff covered his Felicia’s mouth. “That’s enough, hon. We get it. Logic and writers aren’t always the best of friends.
“Kerou, no... is it true?” her father asked.
Kerou turned to Tomika. She gave her a solemn nod. Kerou relayed the nod with a sigh. “She’s right. We’re the Pretty Killers.”
“Oh, my God! No way!” Felicia cried. “Tre, your daughter’s a frickin’ superhero! Did you know this?”
Trecille remained silent and darted her eyes away, drawing new gasps from the guests.
“Wait a minute... you knew, didn’t you?” Kerou’s father said. “Our girls were putting their lives in danger and you knew!”
“Hey, chill, aggro-nerd. It goes back to Tomika and her mother, so yeah, it was kind of a no-brainer for me to figure out.”
“Does Steffennie know?” Felicia asked.
“I plead the fifth.”
“There you go,” Kerou said.
“Kerou, honey, why did you feel like you needed to keep this a secret from me? I bet all of the other parents know about this.”
“Ms. Cordova’s the only parent that knows. And I didn’t tell you for your safety and my safety, and mostly because you freak out and go into panic mode over the smallest stuff. I don’t want you worrying about me all the time.”
“Kerou, I’m gonna worry about you no matter what. You still could’ve—”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever. Touching father-daughter moment,” said Felicia. “Pepper, screw whatever crush you have on Jina. You’d better start thinking about a future with Tomika. Always go for the one with the money, power, or connections. That’s what attracted me to your father.”
“Felicia!” Pepper said, blushing. “Not cool on multiple levels.”
“This is why this was on a need-to-know basis,” said Tomika. “Everybody just chill for a second. Cassadee, what’s my worth to you? You just felt like calling me out or something?”
“I want you guys to help me become a guardian angel.”
“Did you have to blow my cover to ask for that?”
“It’s not a problem. I can wipe all of these people’s memories with an app on my Hell Phone. Side note: All the apps that Apple rejects from their store end up end in Hell, so we’ve got like 5,000 fart button apps. Stop it. Seriously. I mean we do get a lot of good canceled shows, too, but still.”
“Tomika, as much as I don’t want you girls to get involved in mess like this, I think you’d better do Cassadee says,” said Trecille. “Felicia seems like the type that would sell you guys out, and that means the government’s gonna start looking to all our families for the money they need to rebuild Northern State. But I like my money; it gives me indescribable pleasure. That’s why I lie naked on it, sometimes.”
“But Cassadee,” said Morgan, “you’re cool with women. You’d do us a solid and keep all our stuff secret even if we didn’t get involved in all this stuff, wouldn’t you?”
“Well, if you believe what my ex-boyfriend’s homies say, I’m an opportunist. And right now, I see an opportunity to get revenge on those a-holes while earning my wings. And the fact of the matter is I was summoned to collect a soul. I can pick any guy at random, right here, and call him I. C. Wiener. If you want that on your conscience, that’s cool. I don’t care.”
“You’re not really helping your reputation,” said Jizzelle. “Frankly, I think it’s weird that someone who wants to be an angel so badly is acting this way. Blackmail and revenge intentions just don’t sound real holy to me.”
“Frankly, I think your outfit is too holey,” Cassadee said.
Jizzelle looked at the abundance of flesh her angel costume was revealing and sneered back at Cassadee.
“What do you want us to do?” Tomika asked.
“I need you all to be bounty hunters for me. There are some souls that are worth more than others, and if I bring in these select names, I can get my debt completed quicker.”
“So, what? You want us to text you the names so you can collect them?”
“If only it were that simple. These people have what we in the afterlife call ‘god-clad’ contracts. They’re made when a person’s spirit is at its lowest, and they pray for their god to change it, and if they actually take their good fortune given to make other lives better, the contract begins. This means they’re protected from shades like me, but they’re not protected from death. If you guys kill them, they’re free game for me to scoop up in the afterlife. You guys kill all the time, so it would just look like business as usual if you guys do it. Now, can we hurry this up? We’ve got to do this before midnight.”
“Why? What happens at midnight?”
“No time for questions. Here’s the list.” Cassadee typed up a message out and sent it to Tomika’s phone. “I don’t care who you kill on there. Just kill as many people as you can.”
Tomika scrolled down the list and grew a little concerned. “Whoa, wait a minute. Most of these guys are rappers. I mean pretty whack local rappers, but rappers, the same.”
“Well, duh. Who, more than rappers, pray for success, and change lives? Through their music, some people learn not to go down the road of crime and/or drugs they did. Plus, I hate rappers. If you don’t wanna kill a rapper, get one of the congressmen on there. I don’t care. Just go.”
“I really don’t like the way this sounds,” Jizzelle said. “It’s way too hinky for my tastes.”
Tomika shrugged. “We don’t really have a choice, here, do we? So, ladies, leave your consciences at the door. We’re trick-or-treating for souls, tonight.” She brought her glowing wrist up. “Killer charm, go!”

She cast a task on five pure hearts: 
near seven deaths to choose by list.
A wish, she prayed, absolved, and hand 
in ease as mad indulgent kiss.
How could night not be more fitting?
Not in cloak, but more dark of life.
Since shameless kills, and such seduction, 
arcane through dance under colored lights.
One soul once sang, now made a board.
But scheme it trifle, mind be not abhorred.
Just as she implored. For this Hallow’s Eve and nevermore.
Drinks and smoke and swords and guns, 
thy stage, the shade, and blood in run.
In count as quick as spelling one, the deed was done. 
And seven were gone.

Kayzi opened the steel back door of a Northern State night club and shook from her hands the residue of her task. As she rinsed off her palms with small rain cloud of her doing, Honeybee and Minnie dropped from the sky to join her under the single bulb struggling to illuminate the dirty alley in which she stood. “Everyone take care of their marks, all right?” Quickly, the arrival of a peculiarity in her sight put a new query at the top of her queue. “Honeybee, what is that?”
Honeybee held the hefty charm hanging from her neck up into better sight. The tiny jewels embedded in the metal caught some light and sparkled magnificently. “Oh... it’s the guy I killed’s fake G-Unit spinner chain. He gave it to me before I drowned him. I guess I forgot I was still wearing it.”
“Spoils of the kill. Nice,” said Minnie, meeting her in a high five.
“Guys, where’s Mimi and Jakkie?”
To answer Kayzi’s question, Jakkie swooped down into the alley with delight painted over her face. “Kayzi, come quick! Mimi’s arguing with one of those ratchet girls I told you about. You gotta see this. It’s hilarious! Mimi killed her mark, and then one of the girls he was with got mad and started screaming in her face. Then, she threw a drink at Mimi and they took the fight outside.”
The girls followed Jakkie up to the building’s roof and went to its edge to catch the show of Mimi and a garishly dressed women at vocal odds in the parking lot. The impromptu event had attracted a sizable audience that was voracious and screaming for a confrontation.
“Trust me, bitch, I will end you. Bet that,” said one of the girls directly in Mimi’s face.
“Okay, first off, either put on a bra or get a breast lift ‘cause yo’ titties is lookin’ al dente,” said Mimi. “Second off, I am praying that you are drunk. I swear I’m praying, ‘cause it don’t make sense for you to be talking to me the way you are. You saw what I just did to dude in there. You trying to have that happen to you?”
“Bitch, who is you? Who is you?” said the woman, punctuating her words with hand claps. “You punk-ass- dollar-store-Sailor-Moon, neighborhood-Spider-Man wannabe bitch-ass. You ain’t gon’ do shit.”
“Try me, bitch. Try me and see what happens. I’ll kill you in front of your family and slap ‘em all for letting you come outside in that wet garbage-bag-Deborah-Cox-’Nobody-Supposed-to-be-Here’-lookin’-ass dress. My heart says ‘no, no’ to that outfit. Get yourself together.”
“Ooooh, you don’t know how tired I am of seeing yo’ oppression-lookin’ ass on the news. Lookin’ like Oprah in The Color Purple.”
“Bitch, I just met you tonight, and I’m tired of seeing you with all that forehead acne. Over here lookin’ like you teach braille with your face. Trade School Musical ass bitch. I know you saw your reflection in the grill at McDonald’s so what’s the excuse for coming out lookin’ like the plain M&Ms bag? What happened? What is your excuse? You oughta be ashamed, ol’ 1996-auditioning-for-Moesha-lookin’ ass. I bet you still waitin’ for a new Dru Hill album, ain’t you?”
“Oh, hell naw! Lil’ Mama think she got jokes. Hold up.” The woman backed up to begin slipping her feet out of her shoes and unfastening her earrings, continually spouting off her boasts and aspersions while her friends behind her  followed suit and rowdily prepared for combat.
Mimi stood there calmly and cockily waiting for the first punch.
“I mean what’chu tryna do?” the woman said. “I’m-a put my foot so far up your ass. I don’t give a fu—”
 Like a bolt of lightning from the sky, Kayzi dropped into the fray and unleashed a whirlwind of hits upon the women. A kick to send two of them into the rear windows of a set of parked cars, and a jab to the face to send the main one on a missile-like arc out of sight. “All right, idiots, shows over! Go home and do something with your lives,” Kayzi said. The crowd quickly scattered.
“The hell was that for?” Mimi said. “I could’ve taken all those butt bitches easily.”
“We don’t have time for this foolishness.” Kayzi rubbed her temples to soothe an ache that had come. “We have souls to worry about.”
“Yeah, but I’m not gonna back down when some uppity butt-belch gets in my face. Apparently, I’m a princess,” Mimi said with a haughty accent. “Bitches had better recognize.”
“Whatevs.” Kayzi shook a sensation out of her mind and leaped up to the roof with Mimi to follow. The team made their rooftop strides to head back home.
“Dude, I swear that was hilarious back there,” said Minnie. “Who did those girls think they were, going up against a superhero like that? I mean what did they think they were gonna do to you?”
“You’d be surprised at how many people in this city don’t like me. Probably because I keep destroying it while protecting them.”
“Well, we’ve got your back, Mimi. Don’t worry about them.”
“Thank you, ladies.”
“Pretty Killers! Wait up!”
Beckoning from below caught the attention of Mimi and the girls. They looked down and caught sight of a young girl with fright in her eyes as she struggled in her running to keep up with their speed. The girls halted their travel and dropped to the pavement.
“Hey! Nice werewolf outfit,” said Jakkie, observing the girl’s fluffy tail poking from her shorts, and the canine-like ears coming through the hood of her jacket. “Looks like someone’s on Team Jacob, huh?”
“Cassadee needs your help,” said the girl. “I’m a shade like her. She sent me to come get you ‘cause the souls you sent ganged up on her. She needs you to come help right away. The girl pulled from her jacket a phone similar to Cassadee’s and tapped an application on the screen to open up a wide, hovering hole. “Follow me.”
“Werewolf?” Mimi whispered. “Wait a minute!” Mimi reached out to grab the girl as she leaped into the portal, but her grab was a miss. She jumped into the dark. Kayzi rushed in, as well, but when it came time for the other three girls to enter, the black pushed back with the brawn of the buildings around them and quickly swirled out of being.
“Ow,” Honeybee groaned, as she rubbed her forehead. “What the nuts was that about?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Down a long pitch-black hall, the girls stayed after the lead of the little girl as she hurried to a radiant wall of white. They broke through the glow and came to a stand in the center of a spacious room painted red and brown with twisted gold lines running up to the arched ceiling emitting more light. The ladies slowly strolled and searched about the room, tracing the contour of the walls and the designs of the floor and ceiling for some kind of indication of a door. “Where’d that little girl get to?” Mimi said.
“Forget the girl. Where’s Cassadee? And where’s our team?” Kayzi said. She searched for the white wall from which they came but found it absent. She pulled out one of her guns and held it at ready. “You think this is a trap?”
“Whether it is or not, I think that little girl was my werewolf Princess Lucy Diamond, and if she’s caught up in this whole shade business I wanna at least know she’s okay.”
Kayzi raised an eye and turned her ear up to a section of the wall to her left, observant of a familiar tune playing muffled behind it. “Do you hear that? Sounds like someone’s watching TV behind this wall.”
Mimi came to Kayzi’s side and joined her in the recognition of the portent piano tune stabbing over a slick and quick tipping of cymbals. She put her hand to the wall and found it had a feeling of cold water as it rippled across her palm. The ripples divulged more gold lines that shone as they traced out a set of double doors designed as intricate as the images above.
“You wanna go in?”
“Once again, do we have an option?” Mimi unsheathed her sword and kicked the doors open.
“These are the defendants: Princess Mimi Lenoira and Kayzi Muerte,” said a disembodied voice over the music that was playing much more clearly now. The voice sounded sinister and gravelly. “These ladies are a part of the famous Living World crime-fighting troupe the Pretty Killers. And as guardians with abilities given of the Spirit World, the original Afterworld Elects and Spirit & Left Law dictates that they can neither summon shades, nor interfere or aid with any shade duties and vice versa. But after being summoned by a person at the Princess’s home, the Plaintiff showed up to collect the soul and was promptly muscled out of the job by the Pretty Killers to protect said soul. Huh?! Well, if you didn’t want the man gone, you shouldn’t have let someone make the call. They’re accused of pulling the old switch-a-roo.”
In a courtroom with an eager audience standing full of all kinds of strange beasts and humanoids of varying colors and sizes, Mimi and Kayzi took their stand behind a podium to the left of Cassadee’s and the little girl’s, both facing a grand platform looking down on them.
“You know, I always wondered if the people on those court shows could hear the intros when they’re coming in, and now I know,” Mimi whispered to Kayzi as they put their weapons away.
A tall,  muscular man clad in only khaki pants and a baggy hood hiding his face walked up to the girls and raised his right hand. Then, he uttered a deep and guttural warble. Not without perplexed gazes, the girls followed his action and agreed to the question they assumed he proposed.
“What you’re about to witness is real,” the disembodied voice said. “The participants are not actors. They are actual litigants with a case pending in court. Both parties have agreed to drop their arguments and have their dispute settled here in our forum: ...The Demon’s Court.”
Upon the guard’s lowing, the standing audience sat as a blueish-white-colored woman with flowing, graying navy blue hair, and eyes devoid of color took a seat atop the high platform. She had thin, wing-like eyelashes that extended far off the sides of her face and wore a white dress accompanied by a little blue and gold jacket fastened by a belt. “Faireye, faireye. Counceébelle Mauxrealei Skye presiding,” she greeted. Upon sight of Mimi, her cheeriness perked higher. “Oh, pleasure is mine in your excellent acquaintance, Princess. I had high desires to meet all of your consorts. On better terms, of course. But I guess Miss Kayzi is the only one with a spirit conditioned almost as highly as yours.”
“Told you I’ve been training,” Kayzi whispered to Mimi.
“Miss Cassadee Stacks,” Counceébelle Mauxrealei continued, “you and your accompanier, Miss Princess Lucy, are incieptia-level shades suing Princess Mimi Lenoira and her troupe, the Pretty Killers, for the value of their souls which are valued at 170 souls apiece because you claim that she interfered with your duties, and you also feel that she is not an adequate representation of her title of royalty. I do so hope you have a proper explanation for such claims against our royal woman. Please begin.”
“Let me just start by saying that you look beautiful today, and that when I’m not doing my duties, I’m watching your show. And I just appreciate what you’ve done. You know, starting as a shade like me and Cici.”  She pointed to Princess Lucy. “And then going all the way to becoming a Counceébelle, which is why I think you’ll understand the weight of my argument.”
“My gratitudes, young one. Begin.”
“Okay, what had happened was I was summoned by a person at Princess Mimi’s home to collect a soul and—”
“What was the name of the soul?”
“It was an I. C. Wiener.” The Counceébelle and the gallery softly chuckled at Cassadee’s answer. “I know, right? The name was either fake or it was going to be the result of this soul’s parents’ extremely unpleasant reasoning, but it turned out to be fake. And like Spirit Law says: even if I’m not given a specific name, I can still take a soul from the immediate area. If 77 attoparsecs is the Spirit World standard for ‘immediate area’, that would’ve worked out to like eight feet in the Living World. Mimi and her friends said they didn’t want me to take any souls because they cared about these people, so I’m standing there like ‘what?’ Shades don’t just come to the Living World for leisure. They’re either sent from Hell for a soul or they’re summoned, and her friend summoned me to see if ‘my legend was true’. It’s a blatant abuse of the rules. And Counceébelle Mauxrealei, you know what kind of job being a shade is. It’s arduous and depressing. We’re working as hard and quick as we can to become angels, we don’t have time to screw around with goose chases and stuff like this. If I get called to collect a wanted soul, I need that soul, but she wouldn’t let me take it. I think her royalty is going to her head, now, and I don’t even think she’s worthy of the title.”
“I will hear that complaint, momentarily. Princess and her partner, what is your defense?”
“Okay, first of all, I didn’t know everyone was aware of the stuff I was doing in the ‘Living World’,” Mimi said. “And I sure wasn’t aware that I was considered royalty down here. Cassadee just showed up and started blurting out all of this stuff.”
“Yes, Princess, as blood of Spirit World Queen Jules Lenoira, she must keep us informed of details of your actions when invoking magic. She also instructed us to refer to you as your alias since this is the name that invokes the magic. But, to go back, when you say Miss Cassadee ‘showed up’, you are in accord that she was summoned?”
“Yeah, but what Cassadee’s saying isn’t exactly how it happened. My half-sister’s friend’s stepmother dubiously summoned her because in the ‘Living World’, a lot of people don’t believe in stuff like spirits, and monsters, and stuff like that. She didn’t think that anything was gonna come of sending this text message.”
“But you believe in spirits, correct?”
“Well, obviously. But, yeah, since I was a kid, I’ve always kept my imagination open. I mean I didn’t even know that Princess Lucy over there was an actual werewolf, but—”
“Cici,” said the little girl. “Cassadee calls me Cici. That’s the name she gave me when she found me on Red Beach.”
“Just for understanding, Miss Princess Lucy was in your care before she died, correct?”
“She was.” Mimi leaned over the podium and looked at Cici to say with as much sincerity as she could show, “And I’m sorry about what happened.”
Cici did not acknowledge her apology.
“The thing is that we don’t know how all this stuff works here in the Spirit World. Cassadee’s throwing all of these rules and legalities around because she knows we don’t know,” Mimi said. “She’s totally taking advantage of that. She told us that people called her an opportunist when she was alive, she told us she was an opportunist before she sent us on a wild goose chase, and she’s proving it by suing us, judge.”
“It is ‘Counceébelle’, and you’re not in the Spirit World. You’re in purgatory. And one could assume that you, being a guardian of the Spirit World, would have learned the regulations, especially since you have been to the Spirit World. And if the court would recall, that was an illegal meeting that resulted in the sending of your blood to Hell Realm.”
“What?! My mom went to Hell because she talked to me in a dream? That’s not fair. What about Jules? She brought me to the Spirit World, too. What, was she was made Queen because she had special abilities? I want my mom in the Spirit World, too.”
“She broke the rules. And she knew she broke the rules. And she willingly accepted her punishment. Queen Jules did appeal for her acquittal, but the council denied it. We have the power to do that. And as for the Queen speaking with you in the Spirit World, we have no record of that transaction.”
“But that’s when she helped me understand my purpose, and she gave me the bracelets to give to the girls so they can have the same abilities as me so we could protect the city. I remember it vividly. She met me in a forest and made me burn my hand.”
“I apologize for not having a knowledge of that which you speak, Princess, but this transaction did not occur. The one between you and the one you call your mother did, however. And on that, I will mind you to curb your ardor when speaking to me.”
Mimi dropped her head into her hands and sighed.
“See, this is my other argument,” Cassadee said. “This girl is not fit to be called the Princess of an entire realm when she doesn’t even understand her kingdom. She calls herself a warrior, and that she has studied the ways of the Spirit World’s Queen, yet she does not know the law of her own domain. She is immature and unfit and if she is going to continue using the abilities given to her of the Spirit World, she should understand it. Not to mention that this girl standing right by me was hers and she let her die.”
“I didn’t want her to die!” Mimi said.
“But she did. I mean do you even know how painful death is?”
“It wasn’t my fault. Her death was a result of my team stopping a group of guys who were gonna use her and other animals to steal from people in the city. I didn’t want her to die, though. Kayzi and I weren’t even at the place when it happened.”
“You see?! She’s trying to pass her responsibility off onto her friends.”
“Shut up! You don’t know what we go through as Pretty Killers. You think it’s fun taking people’s lives? I may be a superhero to the people in my city and a demi-goddess princess or whatever to you all, but I’m still human and I have feelings just like you do. Princess Lucy’s death tore me apart.”
“My name is Cici, and you’re lying!” Cici cried. “You didn’t care about me. You said it yourself, I heard you! I was lying there, clinging to life and I heard you tell your friends that you didn’t care that I was dead! I heard you!”
The gallery fell into heavy murmuring only to be ordered to calm by the Counceébelle. “Calm, everyone.” She looked to Mimi. “Princess, did you say this which she has alleged?”
Kayzi closed her eyes and clenched her fists on the podium. She knew what was coming after Mimi’s defeated sigh.
“I did,” Mimi said.
The gallery again burst into displeased cries.
“But that was just me being overdramatic. My friends helped me see that I try too hard to be this dark, cold, and unfeeling person. It’s like I try to act heartless, but deep down I’m not really like that. It’s just a front because, where I grew up, showing emotion can be seen as a sign of weakness. There’s a lot of detachment, and when it comes to animals, people don’t treat them exactly like family. It’s different where I live now, but I’m just saying this to explain where my head was in that situation. I had some growing up to do regarding my motivation.”
“But Cici was not just an animal for you not to mind,” Cassadee said. “You brought her into your home and, to me, animal or not, you become family right at that moment. How would you feel if your half-sister got killed?”
“I know I wouldn’t be able to live without my sister, and that’s why I fought to save her life a few months back. I keep telling you, you don’t understand what this kind of job does to a kid. I didn’t ask to become the ‘chosen one’.”
“What, so, you’re saying you don’t want to be the Princess?”
“I didn’t ask to be this, but I’m not saying I don’t want to be it. We all have our purposes and jobs, and if this is a part of mine, I accept that. I’m still learning and getting used to stuff. My friends are, too. It sounds like the problem here is that you don’t want to accept your job. If it’s your duty to collect a set amount of souls to become an angel, do it. Don’t take advantage of my not knowing how all this Spirit World stuff works to skip all of the work you have to do.”
“You don’t know what this job is like, though. You haven’t been to Hell like I have. You haven’t died like Cici.”
“Don’t come at me like that. You don’t know anything about what I’ve been through or what I do.”
“Oh, ex-cuuuse me, princess. I’m sure doing your job is just awful. Just like that gang your team murdered was really that bad. Newsflash, Princess: you have not had a real battle yet. I’ve heard about them all. You got so super-lucky with those monsters and that robot, and all the other battles were with jokes of villains. You’re still trying to act like this  great and noble hero torn by her morals and troubled by her past, but all you are is a whiny little teenage punk bitch and I’m tired of it. “
Mimi made a lunge at Cassadee, but Kayzi grabbed her collar and pulled her back into a hold against her body. While flailing to break her attack out, Mimi screamed, “I’ll show you ‘bitch’, bitch! I don’t give a crap who you are. I’m tired of people disrespecting every last thing I do!”
“Chill, Mimi,” Kayzi said. Her confinement reeled composure back in to Mimi.
“My young ones,” said Counceébelle Mauxrealei, “I usually do not allow court like this, but the retorts you have spoken present the very  needed sense of clarity in this dispute. It seems we have deviated from the core matter at talks. Now, Miss Cassadee, your complaint was that Mimi interfered with your collection of a soul.”
“Correct.”
“Princess and partner, your argument is that, though you are  guardians bonded to the Spirit World, you were not knowledgeable of the rules concerning Miss Cassadee’s duties. You went as far as to say that many people in your area of the Living World don’t really believe in entities such as she.”
“Right. People barely believed in us when we got our abilities. We had to prove ourselves to them.”
“If you say people do not believe in such things, explain how you could go to a shop to procure a being such as Miss Princess Lucy.”
“Counceébelle, I didn’t even know Cici was an actual werewolf. In my world, there are people who do believe in stuff like angels, demons, vampires and werewolves, and stuff like that. Then, there are people that don’t, but they still write stories and imagine up stuff concerning them. I thought that Cici was a regular dog named a werewolf because vampires and werewolves were just what was popular at the time. All of the animals there were strange and strangely named. I mean they had the blood of animal that could supposedly clear my other friend of a family curse. But looking back, I guess I should’ve known Cici was no ordinary dog because she was just so smart. Way more intelligent than any other animal I had seen before.” Mimi laughed a little. “Oh, my goddess, I remember that car ride when I was bringing her home from the store and this song started playing on the radio that I kinda liked. And her tail was wagging like she liked it too, but then this suck-ass song came on after it and she had this crazy confused face like she just could just recognize suck-ass music when she heard it. I mean I’ve seen dogs doing tricks on TV shows and the Internet and whatnot, and I’m sure you can teach a dog to do something like that, but she just came from the store knowing suck-ass music when she heard it. I thought she was super-adorable when I got her from the store, but I just completely fell in love with her after that ride home.”
Cici brought up a smile, guarding it behind her hanging hair as she stared down at her hands on the podium.
“But all of this, I don’t know.” Mimi threw her hands up in defeat. “I don’t know what the frak is going on anymore. I was just trying to help someone out and this is what I get.”
“Free yourself of resentment, Princess. What it seems you did not know is that those men that were holding the animals of which you speak were pencieptia-level shades that stole away to the Living World with, in cloak, measures of demi-demon eggs. When your consort killed them, they returned to the Afterworld and came before me where they were charged with illegal shipment and selling of Afterworld beings. I guess you must have missed that episode, Miss Cassadee.”
“Wait, are you saying what I think you’re saying?” Cici said. “I’m a demon? But Cassadee said werewolves were different from demons. Demons are these gross monster things and I’m just a little wolf girl.”
“And you will stay as a humanoid if you continue to abstain from a demon’s diet. You should also know that you would’ve been returned to the far caves of Hell Realm with the other demi-demons that died if not for Princess Mimi admitting you into her bloodline.”
“So, I’m a princess, too? An actual princess, not just named ‘Princess’, even though I’m not really related to her?”
“Yes, you are what we call a ‘halfheart princess’. You are in line for the Spirit World throne should anything happen to Queen Jules or Princess Mimi. Somewhat like her daughter by her world’s terms.”
“Why was she made a shade when she died, then?” Kayzi said.
“She has to earn her way to her name. The Princess was an heir upon her birth, but as the Queen instructed her, she had to strengthen her bond to the Spirit World through the Living World’s nature to gain her abilities and for us to fully consider her royalty. Also, Princess Mimi started absent of evil whereas Miss Princess Lucy started lawfully ‘under absence’ even if she, herself, is not evil. Had Miss Cassadee studied the Afterworld Elects more thoroughly than she assumed, she would have minded that. But if Miss Princess Lucy accepts her title, she will no longer solely be working to become an angel. She will also have the option of performing that which comes with the position of being a halfheart princess which will be determined at that time. Demons do not usually have the option of becoming shades or angels, so all of this comes to her simply from the fact that the Princess admitted her.”
“But I thought angels were pure, like, in and of themselves,” Kayzi said.
“Not at all. As a Counceébelle, it is my task to familiarize myself with the basics of many regions of the Living World, so I do already have the knowledge that your planet does make, and believe, fiction of that which we know is fact, as you stated. With this, as well, I know that much of your planet has the misconception that one’s condition of living strictly determines if one will become an angel in Heaven or suffer in Hell Realm. It plays it a very, very integral role in sorting, but there are other factors that are considered post-afterlife arrival. Souls come to us and, we, the council decide into which of the three lower realms they will be sorted before they are presented with the option to get to Heaven. There are exceptions, such as a certified damned soul which is supposed to go straight to Hell Realm and brought to the mine circles with no exit option, or a certified blessed soul which goes straight to Heaven. These latter is rare because we understand that creatures across the universe cannot adhere to the guidelines—based on Living World axiom—that were set in place by earlier councils to have one qualify for such titles. It is because of this that the Condition of Living clause in our Afterworld Elects was created, and it is because there is so much evil in the Living World that there is a population of roaming certified damned souls that must be captured and brought to Hell from the Living World. Also, for beings who do not die naturally, the soul won’t be automatically transferred to the Afterworld. The clause in the Elects determines how many of these souls an adamned soul, or a shade as they like to be called, must bring to the Afterworld before they can  move up to Heaven.
Miss Cassadee and Miss Princess Lucy were informed of all of this upon their arrival to the Afterworld, and they were also informed that if they do not want to perform the duties of a shade, they can forfeit their ask for upper admittance and become permanent residents of Hell Realm. But an angel—which is the adopted name for any resident of Heaven—is most commonly one who has completed his or her role as a shade, and does not have any outstanding infractions that could prevent further admittance than Spirit World or Left World. This does not mean that they are or were completely pure, and they can just as easily be sent back to a low realm if they are found in violation of any Heaven regulations.”
“You catch any of that?” Mimi asked in a whisper to Kayzi.
“It’s like when you download a browser or something. Just agree and move along.”
“I tell you all of this, Princess, to briefly inform you and your consorts, and to enact a preamble to my warning to Miss Cassadee.”
“Warn me? For what? What did I do?”
“As I stated earlier, it is a part of my job to understand the ways of many regions of the Living World and in no place is it made to the living’s knowledge the ways of the Afterworld. They are not supposed to know of our laws for it disrupts theirs, which is why it is understandable if the Princess was not familiar with regulations concerning interference with shade activities, even in her position as what your people would consider ‘super’ or ‘abnormal’. In fact, the reason many shades are not permitted summoning privileges is for the reason concerning your argument. If you are a shade with summoning privileges, you are not supposed to make a scene with your collection. You get the soul and return. You had an excellent record until this case and it troubles me to have presided over this. Where I am from, we have a quote: ‘I iewa e mew, cuu xa esa’ou jo mowa’, and that translates to ‘the toilet’s there for me everyday, but that doesn’t mean I will marry it.’”
“Where the hell is she from?” Kayzi whispered to Mimi.
“What I mean is that I understand your argument, Miss Cassadee, but it is undoubtedly unreasonable. I started as a shade like you. I became an angel, a guardian angel, a member of the Board of Chancellors, and then a Counceébelle, and it took the equivalent of 322 Earth years. The afterlife is a very long time, Miss Cassadee, which means you have a long time before your duty is fulfilled. It is like that for every being that dies, so why should you get special treatment and bypass what every shade has done for exaannum? You are not the first to attempt something of this nature, you are not the first to come before me with a complaint like this, and you definitely will not be the first to leave my court having succeeded in a matter like this.”
A round of applause and grunts and snorts built up in the chorus of creatures behind the girls, and quickly died back down to silence upon Counceébelle Mauxrealei’s signaling.
“It is quite understandable that shades do make mistakes,” the Counceébelle said. “I hear stories all the time of how shades expose themselves in the Living World. I believe your and the Princess’s people calls them ‘ghost sightings.’ But while this acts—and it is not in me to lay a grand judgment on an entire selection—shades are known for deception because they have an uneasy duty. It is this which gives the city circles of Hell Realm a bad reputation. While it appears as if others, like the Princess and the Queen, are exempt from the role of the ‘commoners’, understand that they are serving or have served a purpose in some other manner. We work together. Do not discount the importance of what she and her troupe does.” She then turned to Mimi. “And as for you and your team, we understand Miss Princess Lucy was a casualty. But frankly, you do take lives in abundance. Many guardians and warriors apprehend the offenders and put them in confinement in the Living World, but you go straight for the kill. I understand your actions speak your namesake, but they are in troubling numbers.”
“We don’t always kill criminals,” Kayzi said. “We deliver most of them to the police office. It’s just that you guys end up with all the people we do kill, so it seems that that’s all you know about us. But if the number of people and creatures we send here seems like a lot, it’s just that we end up having to take matters to those levels because, much of the time, we’re dealing with a creature that the police can’t handle or a villain who’d be better off dead.”
“So, you’re saying Miss Kalita Orlova needed to be killed?”
“Who the hell is that?”
“That’s the Commissary chick from the summer,” Mimi said to Kayzi. “And you’re right, Counceébelle, she didn’t need to be killed. She was nowhere near a threat without her weapons and we could’ve easily put her in jail. But with some of the people I face, I just don’t want them to come back and do what they did all over again. I mean I don’t know if you’ve seen some of the television shows from the Living World, but when the heroes put the villains in jail, nine times out of ten, they break out and the hero has to go through all of that fight-and-capture all over again. And I just don’t want to keep people’s lives in danger, so I kill the worst villains to make sure their brand of evil is just a one-time thing. When it comes to monsters, they undoubtedly need to be killed. Some kills do bother me more than others, but I try to justify it by saying those deaths were for the greater good, like tonight. I never claimed that we operate on morals. We fight so people can live their lives how they want, and as soon as someone infringes on anyone’s right to life, that’s when they become an enemy. That’s what Jules believed and that’s good enough for me.”
“I cannot deny that you do bear proper intentions and use with regard to your duties and abilities. And my inquisition has offered me the insight I already surmised, but so as I do not seem out of purpose, my aim with you and your girls is to inculcate a favorable approach to your pursuits. The disfavor you present is understandable, but you are now aware of your royalty and I would beg of you to appear as such. A princess is cordial and merciful. She fights for love and justice, and she does it with honor and poise. Remember this as you enter into battle invoking the name of the Spirit World. This goes for all of the ladies in your troupe. Do you understand?”
“I understand, Counceébelle, and I’ll try keep all of that in mind. I know that when I invoke the magic, it seems that I turn into this cold-hearted killer, and maybe it’s true. But I really like the power. It helps me forget the frailty of being mortal and how people treated me like crap when I was growing up. I wasn’t raised to be a killer; I was born to protect my people. But these people out here keep pushing my hand. I’ll try to fight with as much grace as I can, but if the time comes when I need to get a little indelicate, I’m gonna do it. I’m as much a warrior as I am a princess.” 
“But your abilities speak that you must be responsible. They are not tools for personal leveling. And by familiar encounters with the Queen, I understand theatrics are a shared trait. Nevertheless, you must fight honorably.”
“I know. I just wanted Cici to know where my attitude came from when she died. Mimi Lenoira is a different girl from Tomika, but they mix sometimes. Mimi’s supposed to be the confident one, the powerful one, the leader. And Tomika’s the one who had a hard life. She’s the vulnerable one. She’s the one that writes sad songs and has a love-hate relationship with her past. But she’s the one that wants Cici’s forgiveness.” Mimi left the podium and let a snake of light swirl up around her body to change her clothes back to those before she transformed. With the guard at her side, she knelt down to Cici’s level.
“What the heck are you wearing?” Cici said.
Tomika looked up at the brim of her top hat, and down at her boots. “Crap, I forgot I was in my Halloween costume. Well, there goes my dramatic heartfelt moment. Anyway, the thing is that I always thought mercy and honor was just stuff for kids’ cartoons and stuff because the real world doesn’t fight that way. It’s unfair, and innocent people die as a result of other’s cruelty. You were one of those people, and I don’t wanna sound as if I’m belittling your death, but I wasn’t there to sincerely take the blame for it, and I sure didn’t know you were linked to some Hell-powered computer or whatever the deal was. It was just a weird casualty, but if I’m guilty of anything, it’s what Counceébelle Mauxreale said. That I don’t fight with honor or justice. I go on an ego trip knowing I’m more powerful than the people I’m protecting and it’s wrong. If the Counceébelle wants me to be more honorable when I fight. Fine. I’ll try. But I will still take my raw anger with me into a fight, ‘cause that’s what Jules told me to do. I’m not gonna change. But really, what I’m trying to say is I want you to take your title, Cici. I want you to be a part of our family. We may not be perfect, but we’ve got heart, and we always try to learn and get better. And thanks to you, I’ve learned something. Or helped me remember something to be exact. And for that, thank you. For real. But, please, Cici, I want you to forgive me. Not the princess, or the demi-goddess. The human you met back at that store and wanted you to be a part of her family.”
Cici looked to Cassadee. The bond she had fashioned between herself and Cassadee was one that she could not instantly abandon considering how the woman had shown such care and love for her in her arrival to the afterlife, and it was not that she wanted to forget Cassadee’s friendship, but there was an unexplainable kinship that she felt within as she looked to Tomika. She did not know her well, but because of her, she was royalty and had been saved from imprisonment with the other demons. There was a sincerity that she could hear, see, and feel. And though a holding of a grudge would feel as if she kept loyal, she just could not.
While Cici’s answer waited on her tongue, another glance at Cassadee brought up that hint of betrayal inside should she accept her enemy’s embrace. But then, to surprise her, there was a small but fervent nod given without reserve by the woman. That same attachment that was keeping her from the one who had given her her title had transformed into a silent signal that the absolution was accepted, urged even. Even so, she kept her gaze away from Tomika. “I... I guess I forgive you.”
Tomika wrapped her arms around Cici as the audience lightly applauded and affectionately cooed. “Thank you,” she whispered.
“Please return to your stand so I can make my ruling, Princess,” Counceébelle Mauxrealei said, a smile delighted upon her face.
Tomika changed back to her Pretty Killers costume and joined Kayzi who gave her a small hug around the shoulders. “You were right about this being a set-up,” she whispered to Kayzi with favor.
“Now, before I make this ruling, I have to ask you, Miss Princess Lucy, do you want to accept your status as halfheart royalty under the blood of Princess Mimi and Queen Jules of the Spirit World?”
“If I do... will I have to leave Hell Realm and Cassadee?”
“Yes, you will move to the Spirit World where your encumbrance will be completed in some other manner.”
“Say yes, Cici,” Cassadee whispered. “I said I would get you out of this. There’s your opportunity.”
“No,” Cici said, firmly shaking her head. Her answer drew gasps from the gallery and shock from Cassadee.
“For clarification, you have opted to deny your royal position?”
“No, I want to be the Princess, but I don’t want any special treatment. If I have to fulfill a debt to become royal, then I want to do it where I started. In Hell Realm, feeding the demons. Just like my sorta-kinda-mother is doing her job serving her people as their protector, I want to continue serving my fellow demons.”
“It really is not proper for Spirit World royalty to work in Hell Realm.”
“Well, obviously, I’m not a proper princess.”
With the light laughter of the crowd, Counceébelle Mauxrealei snickered. “This is true. If it is your desire to continue your duties as a shade, I shall rule so. But in the matter of your complaint, Miss Cassadee Stacks, after hearing  both parties’ claims, I find that I believe Princess Mimi and her partner when they say that they did not know the rules of the Afterworld. They are not supposed to know the rules of the Afterworld until they get here, and I believe them when they say that deception on your part brings them before me. So, your request for the value of the Pretty Killers’ souls is denied. But for the infraction of filing a false claim, I add 350 souls to your debt. Also, for the aiding of Miss Cassadee in this infraction, I add 150 souls to your debt, Halfheart Princess Princess Lucy Diamond Lenoira. Verdict for the defendants. And believe when I say that this has been one of the strangest cases I have ever presided over, but best wishes to your lives. Faireye, everyone.” As the Counceébelle made her way down from her platform, the guard lowed to instruct the applauding gallery to rise from their seats. Then, he warbled and directed the girls to exit the court.
“Cassadee, I know you said you wanted to get me out of Hell and everything,” Cici whispered as she walked beside the woman, “but did you really not know all that stuff about me being a demon and royalty because of Mimi?”
“I studied Spirit Law to the best of my ability. That’s all you need to know.”
Right after Cassadee and Cici exited through the gold doors to the red room, a slick-haired, human-like creature with a pair of long horns bending out of his head and black claws sticking from the back of his hands stepped up to them. He instructed them to stand by his side in front of the cameras, and in his gravelly voice, said, “So, you come out on the losing end in this one, and you get 350 souls added to your list. Do you think the Counceébelle was fair in her ruling?” He pointed his microphone to Cassadee.
“It’s fine, I guess. I assumed that with Mimi being the princess, maybe the queen would have told her something about the rules and everything. But if she says she doesn’t, then I guess she doesn’t. It’s reasonable that she doesn’t know because she’s not dead, but whatevs. At least, Cici got to learn about her royal connection, so that’s all that matters from this.”
“You can head out that way.” The horned being directed the girls to follow the court guard through a red and white light as Mimi and Kayzi came into the sight of the camera. “Pretty Killers Princess Mimi Lenoira and Kayzi Muerte, the Counceébelle rules in your favor. But you had a bit of an emotional moment there, didn’t you, Princess? What’s your take on all of this?” He pointed the microphone to Mimi.
“Cassadee knew exactly what she was doing in there.”
“What do you mean?”
“I think she knew more than she was letting on about the law. She must’ve come across something and set this up to let me know about my and Cici’s royalty. The way she helped both of us tonight shows her devotion to becoming a guardian angel, and I respect her for it. I owe her for helping a sista out.”
“It was nice to have you and your partner here. You can head back to the Living World that way. Let’s go to Harpy Levine in Region West for some final thoughts. Harpy?”
Broadcasting from a city well away from the studio courtroom, a short woman with large wings attached to her arms stood in front of a gang of creatures under a burgundy sky. Harpy screeched. “What this case may have illustrated is how abstract the concepts of good and evil are, just as Princess Mimi said. Just like one could perceive the violent tirades of the Pretty Killers reprehensible, one could view Cassadee’s actions ignoble to have abused the legal system to benefit the young demon. But it is all for considerably the greater good. And the sacrifice she made for the Halfheart Princess shows she is on the right track to gaining her wings, and most definitely how far she’s come from her Living World relationships. That’ll do it for this case. Litigants for the next one entering the courtroom, right now.” She flapped and turned to peck at one of the creatures behind her.

Such ladies in fashion as vogue smoke, and nails painted of blue blood
like what follows a combative night.
And this one nearly the same, but more red of another. 
This is their life:
To make the dead, not wake the dead.
From the Hills to Hell, lessons learned in love 
and ways of such should not be known.
Like hurricane she came, and all of heart but not in plain sight.
In this same night, no longer a fright or made of lies
as her intentions brought now to clueless eyes.

A princess’s tears, clearer than glass 
and twice as sharp as shards,
she remains with the lady 
with looks that could make clocks stop time and watch
while what in her wrists beats back with she who made her one,
and an honorary killer just out of love.
Her angel’s so close, just a shade away in task
And many years to go. Rogue souls to catch
“Cast aside the stories” is all that she would ask.
If you feel that you should prey, 
pray for Cassadee Stacks.




Chapter Twelve
One of Those Nights


She lay with her face pushed deep into her pillow, and sheets cast aside her contorted body after a night bringing an hour of rest. But even in that duration of slumber, no stop to her peripatetic mind. A heavy drop of her hand on the alarm clock stopped its ringing and called her to catch a face full of unwelcome morning light running over from a window watching a world awake. Half of her wanted to remain clutching the mattress while the other was struggling to psych herself up out of the bed for another dreaded day in the city. Although it had not always been this way.
Six months ago saw a sprightly young kitten fresh from college, waking with a smile to early hours and a jovial skip through the usual routine before going to work, but the days’ drags scraped the shine off her grin and left a scowl in the bathroom mirror. She would stare into it, waiting for the water to become hot in the sink, replaying the same words as motivation for her spoiling heart. “There’s a fire that should never go out. It’s a torch that is passed from generation to generation and should it ever be lost, the world would go dark. That fire is hope.” She hoped that she could steal another day from the reality conspiring to kill her spirit and bury it under monochrome concrete streets like it had done to so many before.
Claire Sinclair, Junior Assistant Manager. She liked the sound of that title. She had always heard it in her most common dreams, but it was not until recently that it had become the truth to replay in her mind. Years of dedication to wearisome work presented her with a key to an office aside some of the city’s most exalted players, and it put her in high talks of the town and the pride of her family to be the first lady in a supervisory capacity in the city’s confectionery factory. She commanded a fleet of pigs, many of whom had arrived from foreign lands to take the opportunity to procure cash for comfort for their families, despite the danger the job presented.
The factory made treats for cheap, and the pigs were knee-deep in cancer causing coloring agents. Some got caught in the taffy pullers while others perished in the sugarcane fields and were tossed out with the refuse without second thought. These sights were what left Claire feeling hollow in her waking. She was sworn by the factory fat cats she used to admire to keep the doings of the plant to herself lest she suffer an abysmal consequence, or worse: the shame of disappointing her family. But she was worried about the workers’ families. How did they feel knowing their loved ones would never return? To never know the truth about why they would never return? Claire stashed her thoughts and carried on until, one day, a new pig arrived. He was a newlywed, illiterate, and had a big family relying on him like most of the workers. He would leave his pen, hit the streets and risked being slaughtered, head home and lie on a bed with no carpenters planning to take from the box the nails of a hellish day and build a bridge out the squalor. But unlike all, he smiled. No matter how revolting and onerous the day was, he would smile. Claire could not understand his happiness. He was just some pig named Rudkus. There was nothing special about his life. Was he crazy? What was his secret? 
Hope. For his family. And knowing that was all Claire needed to fix her mind on change. She wanted him to be the one by her side as she showed everyone just how “sweet” the treats were. But this cat named Claire and this pig named Rudkus, the telling of their tale being stuck in the jungle would wait until winter. And it would be told to families across the nation... in stunning 3D at participating IMAX theaters.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Boy, Disney’s really reaching with these adaptations, aren't they?” said Tomika. What happened to just borrowing from the Grimm brothers?” As a movie trailer wrapped up its details on the television, she tossed a piece of popcorn into the air with the intent of snapping it into her mouth. Though past attempts were successful in precision and consumption, this throw resulted in the snack sliding down her tongue and lodging itself in her throat. While Tomika coughed to get the abrasive offense out of her windpipe, Morgan laughed raucously at the sight.
This had been the summation of the girls’ evening. Placid on the couch in Tomika’s room, foregoing responsibility for vacuous antics and delving into the trifles of a reality show in marathon progress while splitting attention between the television and her laptop. It was suburban comfort on the first Thursday of November.
Morgan ended her laugh and took a drag from her marijuana cigarette. “Dude, speaking of movies, you know what we should totally do? We should go see Parody Movie tonight. It’s a parody of those movies that parody other movies.”
Tomika took a drink of soda to soothe her throat. “I’d rather watch the download progress for The Jacksons: An American Dream on a dial-up modem.”
“What about Maccabees II: Return of the Mack? I heard that movie’s supposed to be funny.”
“We’ve got all weekend to see crap-ass movies. Today, the stars aligned and told my teachers to assign studying for homework, so that means I’m gonna spend the night catching up on my shows with my second boyfriend: Mac.” Tomika brought her laptop to her face to give it a kiss. “I’m not doing anything tonight.”
Jina burst into the room in noticeable frenzy. “Tomika, I need you to do something for me tonight.”
“No.”
“You don’t even know what I’m about to ask—” Jina paused as the scent of the space jabbed her up the nostrils. She quickly covered her nose and mouth. “Oh, my God, what are you smoking? It smells like a skunk rubbed garlic in its armpits. How can you just sit here with that smell right in your face?”
“Because that's the smell of I-ain’t-doin’-crap-tonight, sister.” Tomika guided the cloud of smoke drifting away from Morgan up into a deep inhale and choked out a cough. “Smooth,” she said, straining a smile.
“I just needed a smoke ‘cause the pains of my past started coming back. Skateboard injuries and stuff,” Morgan said.
“Well, can’t you smoke by the window or something?”
“But the TV’s right here.”
Jina rolled her eyes and moved her hand away from her mouth to speak but kept two fingers guarding her nose. “Anyway, Tomika, I need your help. Pepper’s gonna be here any second to take me out to dinner.”
“What does that have to do with me?”
“I told her you were coming too.”
“Why? I don’t wanna go on a date with you two.”
“It’s not a date. I didn’t want to make it a date ‘cause even though she knows that I kinda like her, she doesn’t know that I know that she kinda likes me because she doesn’t remember that Felicia said that she kinda likes me ‘cause that ghost woman erased the minds of everyone who didn’t already know about you and your friends, remember? So if I said that I know that she kinda likes me and she doesn’t want me to know that she may like me more than ‘kinda-like’, then that might make her like me less because I might come off as arrogant and we’ve already established that I’m not a rude bitchface.”
“What?”
Jina huffed out an annoyed groan. “I’m waiting for her to make the first move because I don’t know how to do it. I’m so used to people asking me out. I’ve never been one the opposite end. I mean I’d love to ask Pepper out where its just the two of us but I get so awkward when I talk to her. She’s just so artistic and urban and everything. And I’m nothing like that. I mean I’m obviously cultured, but she’s a different kind of cultured, like street-cultured. For example, I asked her who her favorite artist is and she said MF Doom. Who the hell is that? How am I supposed to appear even the slightest amount of cool to her if I don’t know half of who’s in her music library? Shared musical taste is an important part of a relationship. I mean I love Vanessa Carlton and Fiona Apple, but that’s as far as artistic credibility goes in my library. What if she thinks I’m some kind of poser for trying to get into the music or movies she likes? Or worse: What if she thinks I’m just some kind of superficial, celebrity-gossip-loving, fashion-doll-airhead who wouldn’t know art if it was drawn on my bedroom walls by Jackson Pollack himself. All because you wanted to sit your fat butt at home, and stuff yourself full of cheese balls and peach soda, and watch TV on a contact high. You’re so frickin’ selfish, Tomika! I hope you’re happy with ruining my life!” She folded her arms and stood sulking in front of the television.
“You know, I don’t know whether to file this rant under ‘hysterical’ or ‘histrionic’, but I’m leaning towards the former ‘cause it’s derived from a condition thought to only be solved by masturbation.”
“See?! That kind of stuff right there. She loves those jokes. I really need your help, baby sister. I need you to keep this outing from going to any awkward lulls and stuff. Please.”
“Yeah, whatevs, I’ll go. Just as long as this doesn’t evolve into me having to recite your wedding vows or whatever.”
“Oh, my god, thank you” Jina hurried to the couch and gave Tomika a hug. “Now, go wash up. You smell like poor people.”
Tomika peeled herself out of her seat and mumbled as she went to the bathroom. “Crazy chick, making me put on a bra and do stuff.”
Jina sat on the couch’s arm, delighted with the cooperation. But something in her peripheral vision straightened her smile. She turned and saw Morgan staring up at her with ingratiating eyes. “What do you want?”
“Dude, can I come with? I’m, like, so super-hungry, and I can keep stuff from being awkward too. And I’ll pay for my share and gas too.”
Jina sighed. “Yeah, sure. But you’re gonna need an extra thick coat of perfume on you. Come on.” She directed Morgan to get up and follow her to the toiletries.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Under a clear view of the sky falling into nocturnal elegance over a party of tall and thick pine trees was a campsite in a dusty clearing. Burning logs fought to illuminate the dark unknown of nature around it and persisted against a wicked cool breeze cutting through serenity scented by the foliage. And sitting on a log beside the flames, was Dr. Mistress January and Kerou while Superintendent Hicks stood embracing the brisk air with his foot resting on an adjacent stump where Principal O’Lanski sat as he used the heat source to cook a pan of cased meats.
“When you said we were gonna have a barbecue, I was under the impression it’d be near the school where we’d you know, be away from the cold if we chose so,” said Dr. Mistress January.
Superintendent Hicks chuckled and nudged Principal O’Lanski’s arm. “Ain’t that just like a woman, exaggerating the elements? It ain’t that cold out here. Hell, this is swimming weather.”
“I have anemia, sir.”
“Do you want to borrow my coat?” Principal O’Lanski said.
“Yes, please. I feel like I’m literally freezing.”
Principal O’Lanski gave the pan to Superintendent Hicks and stood to slip out of his pea coat. He made the short trip over to the girls and put it around her.
“Thank you, Pete. This helps a tad, I guess.”
“What are we doing out here anyway?” Kerou asked.
“We are on a mission, little bit,” said Superintendent Hicks. “The conditions are perfect for catching a bingham out here. They used to run rampant around these parts with hoffs and bleeths, but people hunted ‘em all up and now the scientists say they’re extinct. But one of my buddies swears by the light of the moon that he saw one, and he even sent me a picture. So, because you all are the three most intelligent employees in the district, I want you all to use your smarts to help me find it.”
“I’m freezing to death just so you can find some animal with a Dr. Seuss-sounding name? Are you kidding me?” said Dr. Mistress January.
“There’s a big bounty on its head, so if we find it, that means real big bonuses for you all.”
Dr. Mistress January raised an eyebrow. “Like how big are we talking?”
“You know how much we spent fixing up the high school over the past couple of months? Twice that much for each of you.”
Dr. Mistress January sprung up off of the log. “Well, shoot, what are we waiting for? Let’s round up this varmint.”
“Hold your horses there, little lady. It’s not dark enough yet. Plus, we can’t go hunting on an empty stomach. Did you bring what I asked you, little bit?”
Kerou reached into her bag sitting behind her and retrieved two items: a bag and a can. “Buns and beans as you requested, sir.”
“Good girl.” Superintendent Hicks pulled from his pocket a Swiss Army knife and rolled the sausages about the pan. “Yeah, I’d say these are about done. Pete, why don’t go over there grab little bit’s buns for me?”
Principal O’Lanski’s eyes shot out of their aloof stare to the forest as he whipped his head around to face the man. “What?! No! Why? I mean—” He rushed his words into a chuckle as his mind caught up to the actuality of the request. “What I mean to say is I meant to tell you I’m a vegetarian... and I’m allergic to... white... bread. You know what, why don’t I go get a head start on searching for that thing you wanted us to search for?” He rose from the stump and began backing into the woods, holding an awkward smile all the way.
“But I wanted us to work in teams,” said Superintendent Hicks.
“I prefer to work alone.”
“But I need to brief you on tracking tips and everything. I had pamphlets printed up.”
“I’ll Google it!” Principal O’Lanski called out from well within the thick of the trees, holding up his mobile device. He turned around and dashed out of sight.
“Wait! Don’t you... want a flashlight?” Superintendent Hicks scratched his head and turned to the girls who indicated with a shrug that his confusion was shared. “That boy ain’t right, I’ll tell you what.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“I’m just saying,” Tomika said with a mass of biscuits and salad in her cheeks. Without stopping to swallow what was already packed in, she grabbed another helping of bread from the basket in the center of the table and brought another forkful of dressed lettuce to her mouth. “When they did the Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie, how hard would it have been to just have a throw-away line that the Turbo powers came from Billy and they were switching to them to honor him or whatevs. You know, since he had to leave the team?” She swallowed the food and chased it with a hearty guzzling of water. Beside her was Morgan who was eating just as ravenously.
“That would’ve worked, I guess,” said Pepper. “I mean better than just changing to new powers without any explanation. But what I had assumed was that Zordon kinda figured that the Rangers were gonna leave soon, so he had them switch to a new power that would’ve been easier to transfer since the Zeo powers were bonded to them as kids you know? The Turbo powers would’ve been easier to transfer to the new team because they wouldn’t need an artifact like when Rocky and the others took over.”
Tomika shrugged. “I don’t know. There’s no explaining it. It all just comes down to the fact that behind the scenes, it was just a mess.”
 Jina took a sip of water. “Yeah, and what about... that one episode?”
“Which one?” said Pepper.
“You know... the one with the things... that happened and— Oh, I don’t know! I don’t remember anything from that crap show.”
“Bite your tongue, you wench,” said Tomika. “There’s nothing crappy about Power Rangers. That’s not just my childhood, that’s my life. That show made me the person I am today.”
“You mean a nerd who needs to get over the ‘90s?”
“It’s just harmless fun, Jina,” said Pepper. “Some people are fans of Star Wars, or sports, or whatever, but we like Power Rangers. And for real, Tomika, you don’t know how glad I am that you and Morgan like the show, too. A lot of my friends thought it was kinda lame for me to still like it at my age.”
Morgan mumbled excitedly through a full mouth.
“What did she say?”
“She said our friend Kerou has tapes of all the episodes.”
“Shut up! Are you kidding? We need to have a marathon one weekend.”
Jina dropped her fork and threw her face into her palms. “Just kill me now, universe. Just blow my brains all over this table ‘cause it’s just not fair. How can the girl I like have more in common with my sister than me? Ugh, I hate my life!”
“Uh-oh, Jina. Your histrionics are showing,” said Tomika.
“Oh, go kiss a toilet brush.”
Morgan swallowed her food. “You seem a little irritable lately. If you need something to help you relax, I got’cha.”
“You know what, you can leave too, you little wasteoid.”
“Whoa, who flipped the bitch switch on you and what’s it gonna take to turn it off?” said Pepper.
Jina sighed. “I’m sorry. I’ve been trying to do this pescatarian thing so you and I can have at least one thing in common, but I’ve been craving real meat for the longest. Like, it’s getting to the point that I’ve been having dreams about burgers... and beheadings for some reason also. But it’s just really working at my nerves.”
“Is that what this is about? Jina, if you want to eat beef, or pork, or frickin’ caribou, I don’t care. Do it, I won’t judge.”
“I just wanted us to be able to connect over something. We don’t like the same music, or movies, or hobbies, or anything. How could we be friends if we have nothing to talk about?”
“We introduce stuff to each other, and if one of us doesn’t like whatever the other one introduced then we leave it alone. I’m sure there’s things that you’re into that I would like, but how can I know what you like if you’re gonna keep trying to force yourself to like what I like? I told you. Just be yourself.”
“I just want you to like me. You’re, like, such an amazing girl, and you make me feel a way that I’ve never felt before. Weird in the heart and the stomach and stuff. I’m just trying to sort through all of this, you know? God, I probably sound hella desperate to you.”
“You don’t sound desperate. And I do like you, Jina. What’s not to like? You’re intelligent and beautiful and classy and assertive and you can be kind when you want to. You’re my dream girl. Don't worry.”
Jina broke into a giggle and turned her blushing face away to hide the show of tears welling up. “Oh, my god, you’re gonna make me cry,” she said, fanning her eyes.
“Hey, ain’t nobody here for that 90210 crap,” said Tomika. “You’re gonna make me throw up before my entrée even gets here.”
“Are you kidding? How could you not be moved by this?” said Morgan. “I wish my boyfriend was here to be romantic with me.”
“What boyfriend? You’re not talking about that Adam, are you? Have you two even spoken to each other since he left?”
“Uh, yeah, obviously. I tweet him all the time.”
“But does he tweet you back?”
“Well, he’s obviously busy with important projects, but I’m sure he’ll get around to replying.”
Tomika’s entire gait screamed amused skepticism as she turned to put all of her focus back on her meal. “If you say so.” 
The waiter passing caught Pepper’s attention. “Excuse me,” Pepper said.
“Yes? Everything okay here? Do you need anything?”
“I just wanted to know how far along you were with our orders because I wanted to change hers to a beef wellington.”
The waiter winced. “Sorry. We’re all out of wellingtons. The chefs keep cooking them incorrectly. Along with a lot of other dishes.”
From the kitchen, crashes and screams rung out, cutting their way into every patron’s notice. “Who the bloody hell taught you how to cook?! Everything is raw!” cried a man with an English accent. Like from somewhere in the West Midlands or something.
“Is there anything else I can get you? Maybe a gazpacho or a nice ceviche?” the waiter said.
“No, that’s fine. Just bring me the check for the appetizers.”
“Very well, ma’am. I’ll be right back.”
“No, no, wait!” said Tomika, reaching out to the man as he walked away. “Hold up, man, I want my good-ass shrimp.” She turned to Pepper. “What the Hades, dude?”
“They don’t have what Jina wants so we're gonna go where they do have what she wants.”
Tomika sucked her teeth, sunk into her seat, and folded her arms. “Man, it’s age 15 all over again. I knew I shouldn’t have said yes to this. I could’ve been in my shorts eatin’ Teddy Grahams and Doritos.”
“Where do you wanna go, Jina?” Pepper asked.
“Okay, I know this is gonna sound kinda gross, but I like my meat rare. Like, super-rare, you know? And there’s this place on Lexington that’s one of the only places in the area that serves this thing called a blood sandwich. It’s made from this freshly ground meat that they sear for five seconds on each side in a seasoned oil. Then they top it with this butter sauce that literally has gold in it, and when you bite it, it’s so smooth and creamy and you can, like, taste the blood and stuff and it’s so frickin’ good. Like, my mouth is watering right now.”
“All right, sounds like a plan. Let’s pay and get outta here.”
“I ain’t going nowhere,” said Tomika. “I came here for fried shrimp and biscuits with French dressing, and I ain’t leaving until I get it.”
A knife shot out of the kitchen and whizzed past the girl’s head to land directly in a patron’s chest. “Piss off!” the English man cried. The sound of a smash followed thereafter.
Behind Tomika, the patron collapsed and began to bleed out in front of his horrified wife and children beckoning for aid. “Or we can, you know, explore our options or whatever,” said Tomika.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Principal O’Lanski tread lightly, fear fueling his heart to beat up in his throat with his sharp breaths. He had long ago lost the guidance of the dirt path carved through the woods and was now wandering by the lead of his mobile device whose light could barely show the step in front of him. Each howl and hoot carried in the cutting wind raised goosebumps from his bones and added another way to die in his already lengthy list written by the worst of his imagination. The blind tour brought no ceasing to accidental meetings with the claw-like reaches of bushes and branches and the thick and rough walls of bark stretching up to let their leaves shield any light from staining the black below. Dead leaves and dry twigs crunched softly under each step in the tender soil, their echoes mixing with the habitat’s veiled doings to draw up ephemeral hallucinations. Acousmatic laughter and whispers stabbing at the heart, alleviated only by a quick and useless glance to the just trodden shadows.
Principal O’Lanski’s thoughts were working as his enemy now. Everything convinced him that, whether it be man or beast, some kind of being was lurking behind with intent to take his life in the most painful way. He picked up his pace and carried on to his goal: a source of rushing water, faint in hearing but enough to hope for sanctuary in his fright. He anticipated that a break in the forest’s canopy would be found there. Suddenly, an unmistakable snap of a twig and footsteps to follow entered his ears and lit up his legs to carry him away as quickly as possible, but he did not make it far over the uneven terrain before he tripped over a log and rolled into a shallow ravine where some kind of furry creature sprung up and scampered over his legs. Principal O’Lanski screamed and scrambled up the slope to throw himself up against a tree. He clutched his throbbing chest and gasped for air.
“Principal O’Lanski?”
“Aaaaaggggggghhhhhhhhh! No!” Principal O’Lanski jumped away from the tree and the voice bearing down from it. He put his arm up to shield his night-adjusted sight from the beam of a light wielded by a person up high on a branch. “Miss Karlrissian, is that you? What are you doing up in a tree? And what are you wearing?”
Kerou dimmed the light emitting from the helmet on her head and pulled the spectacles on her face down to her neck. “Looking for the bingham, and for you obviously. Superintendent Hicks gave us night-vision goggles, so I was just trying to get a squirrel’s-eye view.” Kerou hopped off of her branch. 
“Oh. Well, any luck tracking that thing down?”
“None yet, but with any luck, maybe it’ll come screaming up to me like you did.”
“Hey, just so we’re clear, I wasn’t screaming because I was scared or anything. That was a warning call to anything in area to let them know what kind of man they’re dealing with.” He puffed out his chest and pounded it. “Wouldn’t want to have to choke out a couple of bears or moose, you know what I’m saying?” 
Kerou chuckled. “Come on, mountain man. Follow me.” She took his hand, but on the slightest feel of her fingers, he jerked it out of her grasp. “Oh, I’m sorry. I guess you don’t being touched. I’ll respect that; I've got that's the same way. Just try to stay close.” She raised the light of her helmet and began leading on the trek.
Though Kerou showed no offense, Principal O’Lanski felt as if he has just harmed the girl’s feelings to the point of sobbing. There was no doubt that he wanted to hold her hand. He wanted her whole body in his hands for as long time would have it, but even without the fashion pattern scrambling his brain, revulsion was just automatic. But for Kerou, and her alone, he no longer wanted this to be nature. “Listen, Miss Karlrissian... it’s not that I don’t like being touched, it’s just that I can’t—”
“Wait, wait! Did you hear that?” Kerou shut off her helmet light and brought her goggles back to her eyes. She switched the devices on and brought into her view a bright and blurry green image of a small creature batting at a bush stocked with berries. “White, cat-like, fluffy tail, and long fur on its head That’s gotta be it,” she whispered. “Hold on, I’m gonna try to catch it.”
“Are you sure? It’s a wild animal. What if it tries to hurt you?”
“Can’t hurt me if I hurt it first.” Slowly, Kerou pulled from a sack at her waist a small orb and twisted its top hemisphere, careful not to let its clicks resound too loudly.
“What’s that?”
“A flash ball. Superintendent Hicks said it’s supposed to stun the bingham into submission. This is so cool. I swear I feel like a Pokémon trainer.” She suppressed her delighted squeal and lofted the ball with an underhanded toss.
The bingham’s head swung around to lock on the coming threat and jumped up to boot the gadget back over to the twosome.
“Crap! Get down!” Kerou threw herself into Principal O’Lanski’s body and took him to the ground with her descent, while above them, a brilliant splash of white sparks sprinkled down. Kerou turned her helmet light back on and saw a second of the bingham before its long strides made it a memory in the night. She pulled herself up to give chase. “Come on, it’s getting away!”
Principal O’Lanski had some trouble bringing his aged body up as quickly as his partner, but he pushed through the burning in his knees and got in pursuit with the glow of her helmet as his lead. As if she had designed the forest herself, Kerou ran with as much agility as the bingham weaving between trees and bounding over obstacles. The gap between the two hunters increased ever greater by the second, but the rhythm of a rushing river and a peeking of moonlight at the woods’ edge ensured that separation could be remedied. Still, as his keeping his eyes on the silhouette dashing into the silky white radiance brought a great sense of ease, he was not completely cleansed of the tension he had been feeling all night.
Kerou leaped out out of the last of the trees and skidded to a stop at the edge of a wide ravine just in time to see the bingham clear the jump across and vanish into more forest. The craggy wall sloping a short distance into the river running tranquilly would have been short work for the girl, but she resolved to remain where she was and catch her breath, taking in the area’s light and woody fragrance akin to a fresh rainfall. The wind picked up a chill from the water, whooshing gently under the roar of a small waterfall whose foam looked as if it was made from the beams of the nearly full moon sitting picturesque behind a couple of wispy clouds in the indigo sky. Kerou pulled her goggles down to her neck and turned off her helmet light as she removed it from her head. The stars’ reflection dancing on the river led her noticing up to the genuine scene where she observed each glow with admiration. Pisces. Andromeda. Cassiopeia. Her eyes traced the shapes of lore and sent her brain through the marriage of history and science within the simplistic dots. She had never before seen such a vivid twinkling up there. It left her mesmerized.
Principal O’Lanski stumbled out of the woods and fell into a hunch as he gasped violently for breath. He looked at Kerou standing with her head to the sky. “How... are you not tired? We must’ve run... like, a hundred yards or so.”
“It was about 22, and I exercise a lot. But forget all of that. Look at those stars. There’s no way I’d be able to see them this brightly back at home.”
With a sharp breath to start, he rose to stretch some comfort into his spine. “Yeah, they are beautiful tonight.” 
“They’re not just beautiful. They’re miraculous,” she said softly. “I mean these are the same lights that people saw hundreds of years ago and attached stories to, and knowing they may not even exist anymore is super-hella crazy. I mean the stars that make these constellations may have already gone supernova and died, but we still see what they once were. It’s, like, meta-hylomorphic or something. To burn bright, burn out and shine on, you know?”
Looking up, Principal O’Lanski came to stand at Kerou’s side. He slid his hands into his pants’ pockets. “I’ve always said astronomy lets you get a good tell of a person because when one thinks about how we’re made of similar stuff to what’s out there, and how solar systems look like atoms and galaxies look like cells, and the scale of all of this, the meaning you give to those observations defines you. It can humble you. Depress you. Make you feel like nothing in your life matters. Or it can inspire you and remind you that every second is special, and you should make the best of them. It can enlighten you and put you into the minds of those people years ago, so you can understand why the planets and satellites were named after gods and why people looked to the stars to explain their characteristics and actions. And whether or not there’s a deity up there, there is a power up there, and it’s a strong one. It can put you into a state of clarity that you didn’t even know you needed, and make you feel like you have all the answers and just as simply, clueless in the next second. It can make you feel alone when you know there’s more out there. It’s just everything and nothing, no right or wrong, complex and simple all at the same time. And what we make of this high art in nature is our choice. But then, what is choice, and what do we let it say of ourselves and each other?”
Kerou turned to Principal O’Lanski. Her eyes caught the glimmer of all above them both. “Wow, I don’t think I could have put it more eloquently. That was perfect.”
“Only because of you, Kerou.” Principal O’Lanski got on one knee to face Kerou directly. He tenderly took her hands in his. “I know what I’m gonna say to you might seem strange, but I need you to know how you’ve changed my life for the better. Your presence is like poetry to me. You put those words in me. Before you came into my life, every day was just one miserable day after another. Complaining parents, bills, and budgets. Then, you came into my office and sat before me with that smile and an eagerness to teach. It was a genuine eagerness that I had never seen from any of my teachers in all my years at that school. And I admit that my infatuation with you was a very superficial one, and I’ve tried to suppress those feelings because I know they’re wrong. Believe me, I hate that this is who I am, and I’ve done my best to keep my mind away from those things, but with you, It’s not that carnal desire. It’s something more, something deeper, something that I have searched for my whole life. Whenever I speak with you, when I see you interact with others, I just fall more in love. You’re beautiful. There’s no doubt about that. But your intelligence and your sincerity, and how everything about you exudes positivity, that’s what I love the most. It transcends age. The stars are beautiful, but I don’t care if clouds kept them covered for the rest of my life because they will never shine like you. You are the most precious thing in our universe, and I love you, Kerou. And even though we can’t—”
Kerou silenced Principal O’Lanski with a kiss that left his eyes open wide. The feeling on his lips overthrew every dream that he had had of the moment and sent a tingling circling through all parts of his body. He lost every view in his mind and slipped his eyelids shut to immerse himself in the warmth emanating from his little star.
Kerou slowly pulled away, a smile left in the wake of their touch. “I was so hoping you’d take your chance. It was way too perfect to pass up here.”
Principal O’Lanski chuckled. “What do you mean my ‘chance’? Did you know how I felt about you all this time?”
“You made it more than obvious. But whether or not you wanted to pursue anything, I wanted that to be your choice. And judging by that kiss, I’d say you want to pursue a lot.” She snickered.
Principal O’Lanski’s heart ramped up its speed. His grin died. His body went numb. He dropped his hold on Kerou’s hands. “No, Ker— Miss Karlrissian, this isn’t right.” He backed away and turned away. “This isn’t right! You’re my employee, you’re only 14!”
“I’ll be 15 next month.”
“That makes absolutely no difference. I’m sorry. I just— I just lost my head for a second. I’m sorry.”
“But it’s okay. It’s not like you’re forcing yourself on me. I really like you, too.”
“You’re a child, Miss Karlrissian. I should’nt have done that. It was completely out of line.” He ran his hand through his hair. “God, what is wrong with you, Pete?” he said to himself.
“But it’s fine, sir. You didn’t do anything. I kissed you.”
“It doesn’t matter who did what first. I’m the one who stands to get the worst of reprecussions. If this ever got out, people would instantly think that I tried to take advantage of you.”
“I can keep a secret, sir.”
“Stop calling me ‘sir’. It’s making me feel worse. Just call me... call me Jack. Nobody calls me Jack. I don’t wanna feel like myself.”
“Oh, that’s what the ‘J’ stood for? Well, isn’t that a coincidence?” She strolled over to Principal O’Lanski and locked her arm in his. “Jack and Kerou. It’s like we belong together.”
Principal O’Lanski ripped his arm from Kerou’s. “No, we can’t. I have a friend who lost his job in a similar situation, and I don’t want to take the risk of making the same mistake he did.”
“But risks are what keep the world fun and exciting.”
“Risks are what get people killed.”
“Whoa, well, I guess we know what side of astronomy you’re on.” She giggled.
“This is not funny, Miss Karlrissian. This is my life.”
“And I want you to let me be a part of it. Yeah, it’s obvious that we can’t be a conventional couple. We can’t do dinner and a movie or stuff. But that doesn’t mean we still can’t have fun.” Kerou came to stand before Principal O’Lanski and stared up at him with a smirk as she took a hold on his pants’ by the belt.
Principal O’Lanski’s laughed uneasily. “Wha— wha— what do you mean, Miss Karlri—?”
“You can call me Kerou. And if you don’t say a word about us, I promise I won’t. Besides, how could I talk with my mouth full anyway?”
“Oh, God, is this really happening?” He stole a glance from below and quickly turned his sight to the trees. “Oh, God, this is happening.”
Principal O’Lanski felt as if he had fallen into one of his  more tawdry dreams. The kind where no remorse befell for being in a position the likes of which he now stood. And while part of him pleaded to make the last half-hour figments before an awakening, the whole of him adored the tangibility for he now was unbound of his adoration and reveling in his confession. But each beat of his heart was like a trade of possession between the sides of his conscience, and the more his mind intervened with definitions and constructs and reasoning, the easier he could say that there was no malevolence within him. He just let go of himself. There was no way he would let a majority force dictate his feelings, especially when this love for which he so long desired finally felt right.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Nooooo!” Jina cried unto the quiet sky as she knelt before a dark storefront window. The Lexington Street eatery she had anticipated to provide her with her coveted treat was only serving up a sign that said “closed”.
“Well, that sucks,” said Morgan.
Pepper pulled Jina back up onto her feet and dusted off her knees. “Don’t worry, Jina. We can go somewhere else. It’s not a big deal.”
“Yeah, it’s just some nasty-ass burger,” said Tomika.
“It’s not just a burger and it is most certainly not nasty. It’s a premium sandwich designed for refined palates such as mine, and I have craved this thing for way too long. I’m not gonna settle for a franchise value meal like some inner-city prostitute whose john conveniently left his wallet at home. But, of course, I should’ve expected that attitude from you. You just don’t understand high cuisine like me.”
“You haven’t taken your meds in a while, have you?”
“What is all this noise about out here?” asked a gray-haired man as poked his head out through the door of an adjacent store. “How am I supposed to fix watches with all this yickety-yickety ruining my concentration?”
“We’re sorry,” said Pepper. “We didn’t know this place had been closed down.  My friend’s taking it kinda hard.”
“Why does the universe hate me?!” Jina cried.
“Yeah. Damn shame what happened. Oz, the chef, began dating their supplier and she Yoko’d the whole thing up between him and the owner. He got a new chef, but it wasn’t the same and people stopped coming after a while. But from what I’ve heard, Oz still cooks down in Willow County at his wife’s diner. A little off-the-grid place.”
Felicity washed over Jina. “Are you serious? Do you think he still makes the blood sandwiches?”
“Probably.”
“OMG, Pepper, can you take us to Willow County? It’s only, like, 30 minutes from here. Please, please, please? I’ll pay for gas.”
“No way am I going to Willow County,” said Tomika. “They got all those crazy, racist-to-your-face white people. I’m not trying to deal with that, tonight.”
“Then you can stay in the car,” said Jina.
“I’d happily take you, but how am I supposed to find some off-the-grid place?” said Pepper. “I don’t know how to get to this Willow County.”
“We’ll Google it.”
“With no address?”
“You don’t need an address in Willow. It’s a one-horse town. I’m sure as soon as you drive in, you’ll find the place,” said the man. “And Willownites do have a reputation for being out of touch with the rest of the state, but I’m sure they’re not racist.”
Tomika glared out of the corners of her eyes at the man.
“Look, Tomika, can we check it out, at least? If it’s not okay, we’ll leave. I promise,” said Jina.
“Whatevs. Anything to keep you from going to those B-movie dramatics again.”
“Yay!” Jina squealed as she daintily clapped her hands. “Come on, let’s go.” She grabbed Tomika and Morgan by the wrists and hurried them down the sidewalk to the car that was parked by the curb.
“Thank you, sir,” said Pepper. She hurried to join the others.
“No problem, ladies. Drive safely.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

After some highway driving, followed by a stretch down a dark, dirt road surrounded by fields dotted by trees and modest homes, the girls pulled into a town that looked to be forgotten by time. It had wide, silent streets lined with strips of shops labeled with weathered signs, and just around a corner was a beacon unmistakable to be their destination: a building with a roof wrapped in neon, its classic design solidifying the feeling of passing into the past at the city limits. The girls pulled up next to a rusting Ford Mustang which was one in a line of many vehicles showing its age parked in front of the restaurant. Through the diner’s window, they could see a host of smiling patrons interacting over plates holding great and appealing portions, but as Tomika suspected, not one face under those bright lights could cut out a slice of diversity. She begrudgingly dawdled out of her seat while Jina had barely waited for the car’s engine to stop before she ran up to the door.
Signaled by a tinkling from a bell above the door, Jina welcomed herself into the place’s warm and savory scent. It trumped the look of the room and its clattering and chatter.
“Hey, Rocket! We got four at the door! Hey, that rhymed,” said a woman with short, spiky blonde hair. She cackled boisterously as she handed off plates to the customers at the counter.
“I’m on it, ma,” said a girl with long hair that looked to be made of pink candy floss up in a ponytail. She finished pouring water for a seated family and ran over to the girls. “Well, it’s nice to see some new faces ‘round these parts. And such cute ones too.”
“Oh, stop it, you,” said Morgan, charmed.
Rocket chuckled. “Follow me, ladies.” She led the girls past a table where two bearded men were sharing a kiss; a booth where two bald women and one with a bob hairstyle and feather earrings were holding discussion over blueprints; another booth where a family of five were sharing a laugh; and another where a man in black was using a Super 8 camera to record a pair of elderly women sharing a pie. Nearly every sight the girls passed puzzled them, but they took the seat at their waitresses direction and kept their confusion bottled.
Rocket took from her apron pocket a small, thin, transparent, rectangular device and tapped it a few times to bring up vivid digital images of a menu in front of each girl on the table. They all jerked back in astonishment. Rocket chuckled. “Yeah, that always gets first-time customers. To flip through the pages, just wave your hand over it. Let me know when you’re ready to order.”
“I am,” said Jina. “I would like a blood sandwich.”
“Let me guess. Queen City, huh?”
“Yeah. I used to get them at this restaurant, but it closed up, and I was told that the cook that worked there works here now. Does he?”
“He does, and he’d be happy to make you his special dish. What about the rest of you guys? Blood sandwiches all around?”
“I’ll have a salad,” said Pepper.
“Burgers for us,” said Tomika pointing to Morgan.
Rocket tapped her device a couple of times. “And to drink?”
“Strawberry milkshake,” said Morgan.
“Water for me,” said Tomika.
“I’d like a Coke,” said Pepper.
“A Coke sounds nice for me, too,” said Jina.
“I’ll be back your drinks in a second.” Rocket tapped a button on her device to clear the table of the menu images. She walked up to the counter where Rocket’s mother had the drinks nearing ready for serving.
Jina directed a smug smile to Tomika. “Well? Aren’t you going to admit it? This place isn’t as bad as you thought it was.”
“The only thing I’m gonna admit is that the menu thing was kinda cool, but I still have a weird feeling, and it’s not just from that Nordic orgy that’s about to happen at the table next to us.” She gestured to twin men with white hair feeding a man sitting between them.
“Okay, yes, maybe there’s a lot of weird PDA, but isn’t it great that this place is a haven of tolerance? Guys and guys, girls and girls, girls and guys, and families that don’t care. It’s like an alternative Queen City. Just face it. You were wrong.”
“But where are the black people?”
“I know just how you feel,” said Rocket as she took beverages from a platter on one hand and placed them in front of the girls. “I’d love for Willow County to have all kinds of people living here. Variety’s the spice of life, right? But we’ve got a bad reputation, and it’s because the cities around us are kinda-sorta ‘ethnically cliquish’.”
“You mean racist?”
“I’d just say they’re backwards thinkers. But since that whole Y2K scare, Willow County has been developing technology to keep us safe in the event of a disaster, and with our plans for the future, we just kinda adopted a mindset that differs from our neighbors. A lot of the older people who didn’t share our vision left, so there’s plenty of homes for anyone who wants to come live here, but people just avoid this place. We’re a bunch of racists and weirdos to everyone out there, but it’s totally not the case as you can see.”
“What kind of things have you been working on?” Pepper asked. “Maybe you can get some investors or government grants to help you.”
“Nothing doing,” said Rocket’s mother as she put the food orders in front of the ladies. “As a charter township, we’ve always kinda ruled ourselves and we would like to keep to ourselves. We don’t need to get all mixed up in those big business ethics. Besides, we’re doing fine with my little girl as the leader of the new school. That’s why we call her Rocket. She’s got that rocket scientist brain in there. She’s way smarter than I am. And that's saying something. Not to brag, though.”
“All right, mom, chill. It’s not like I’m a genius or anything.”
“Yeah, you’re probably more like a mad scientist.” She cackled and grabbed Rocket’s head to jostle it around. Then, she turned to Jina. “We’ll have your blood sandwich here in a bit. The meat's being ground fresh and we’re clarifying the butter for the gold sauce now.”
“Thank you.”
Rocket and her mother departed to tend to other patrons.
“Now, will you admit you were wrong?” Jina asked.
“What is your deal? Why do I have to be wrong?” Tomika said.
“Because you need to stop assuming every white person is against you.”
“I don’t think that at all. It’s just that I have a weird feeling in my quote-unquote sixth sense.”
“You’re probably just hungry,” said Morgan. She took a hefty bite of her burger. “Just eat and you’ll feel— Dude! There’s bacon on this.” She spit her food into a napkin and lifted the top bun to remove the offending slivers of pork.
Rocket walked up to the table. “Something wrong?”
“It’s no big deal. I just didn’t know there was bacon on this.”
Rocket laughed. “What’s the problem? Everyone loves bacon.”
“It’s just a religion thing. I already bend a lot of Islam rules, but pork’s one thing I’m super-serious about.”
Rocket laughed again. “You’re Muslim? But where’s your head thing?”
“Uh-oh,” said Tomika to Jina.
“Between you and me, not every person follows every rule of their religion, and while some might see that as a lack of devotion, I think God’ll forgive you as long as you’re a good person, right? Besides, I like to wear my special hat  because it was a gift from my brother before he went off to fight in the Middle East. It just has more meaning to me. My dad thinks it’s stupid though.”
“And you’re just okay with your brother being one of those idiot sheep?” Rocket said.
“Uh-oh!” said Tomika, a little more forceful.
“Hey! He’s not an idiot. He’s a brave patriot fighting for this whole country’s protection.”
“There’s nothing patriotic about that war. Dinosaurs didn’t take an asteroid to the face just so we can argue over their remains and act as hypocrites regarding peace. And for the record, there’s no religion more degrading than Islam. It strips women of their freedom and their identity.”
“Uh-oh!” Tomika roared at Jina who was sneering at her taunts.
“There’s nothing degrading about my religion. It’s my choice.”
“But a lot of women overseas don’t have a choice. They’re forced to be treated as if they’re lepers or something less than human.”
“Irregardless—”
“Irregardless?! Do you see what religion does to you? Do you see how stupid religion makes you? It’s a crutch for the weak. It’s a frickin’ hindrance to society.”
“Dude, what do you mean? ‘Irregardless’ is a real word.”
“Not really. It has a negative prefix and suffix. It’s redundant,” said Pepper.
“But antidisestablishmentarianism has two negative prefixes.”
“That’s different. It’s like a compound thing or whatever.”
“The point is that religion is stupid,” Rocket said. “Hold on, let me get a book to explain why theocentricism is crap. Hold on, I’ll be right back.” She ran up to the counter.
“Keep your book,” Morgan said. “I’m a paying customer, and I demand to be treated the same as everyone else in here. Why should what I believe even matter to you?”
“I’m just trying to help you. Everyone in our town is an atheist and because of it we’ve come further in eight years than everyone around us has done in three decades.”
“What, some fancy tables? Big whoop.”
“I don’t suppose I can just get my food to go,” Jina said.
“Looks can be deceiving,” said Rocket’s mother, ignoring Jina. “Trust me, we are very advanced.” From underneath the counter, she broke out an assault rifle with electricity arcing around its muzzle. Carrying the same weapon, a man with a chef’s hat came out from kitchen and blocked the back exit. Customers ducked under tables. “You ain’t going nowhere til we cleanse that plague on your brains. We’re just trying to help you.”
“By brandishing guns at us?! And what The-Fragile-by-Nine-Inch-Nails are those things anyway?!” said Pepper.
“It’s an Ion Rifle built by yours truly,” said Rocket. “You ever have 30,000 amperes go through your body? You won’t even know you did before you hit the ground.”
Rocket’s mother and the chef locked their laser sights on Morgan. “Now, are you gonna let us educate you or—”
“Or what?” said Tomika. She rose from her seat and stood firmly in the aisle. “You’re gonna shoot her? You’re gonna use those things to make her believe what you believe?”
“We know how it sounds,” said Rocket. “But our intentions are in intelligence. We’re not trying to hold people back to standards set thousands of years ago. We’re looking forward, and if it takes a little ‘persuasion’ to improve our nation, then so be it.”
“So you just say you’re right and that makes you right? You don’t think people should decide what’s right for themselves when it comes to belief? If you think that’s gonna make a better future, you seriously got some more thinking to do.”
Pepper’s face furrowed with alarm. “Tomika, what the he—”
Morgan raised her hand ever so slightly to Pepper, just enough to send a message of confidence as she slid out of her seat to stand next to Tomika. “Shoot us.”
The chef swallowed a lump of saliva and wrapped his trembling finger around the trigger. “We don’t want to do this. If you would just cooperate, everything will be okay.”
“Shoot us,” said Tomika. “Your scare tactics aren’t working so just go through with the threat.”
Rocket’s mother’s breathing grew tense. “Listen, it doesn’t have to go down like this. We just want you to let us explain—”
“Dammit, let me do it!” Rocket snatched the rifle from her mother and fired to the girls a flash that lit the entire place up in a brilliant blue.
Time slowed to a crawl in the glow as Tomika whipped her arm up to guide the jagged pulse to the window beside her, but it rolled off her limb and carried onward to the ceiling. In a thunderous crack, time snapped into normal speed as windows burst outwards and light bulbs snapped as if photographers were documenting the action. The circuit breaker thumped in the restaurant’s back room and blacked out the neon tubes around the building while, inside, a mercury-laced rain of shards along with water from the fire sprinklers dropped over everyone. 
“Come on,” Tomika whispered. She jumped onto the booth’s seat and jumped out through the window. Morgan followed. Then, Pepper, and finally Jina who tossed herself into Pepper’s arms. By the shine of the moon and two dim, orange streetlights, they hurried to the car.
Rocket poked her head out of her arms’ cover and took stock of the chaos’s aftermath. Smoke and mist circled in the dark above as people filed out as quickly as they could squeeze through the doors and windows. Rocket vaulted over the counter and scurried to a door labeled “basement” at the back of the kitchen. In her walk, she pulled from her apron her device and began tapping at it. “Oz, mom, I hope your cards are charged ‘cause we’re about to go hunting,” she called to them.
Rocket’s mother followed Rocket to the basement. “I really think we should let them go, Rock. That girl obviously had something going on with her that we can’t deal with.”
“No! My science can deal with anything! Now get up, shut up, and help me man these mechs. No religious girl’s gonna show me up in my own town.” She disappeared down the basement steps.
Rocket’s mother sighed. “This is what I get for inseminating myself with John Whiteside Parsons’s cryo-preserved sperm.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The rear view mirror and road ahead shared Pepper’s attention as she sped down the road. As the town shrunk to a dot in shadow behind them, she felt well enough to loose her tense breath in a long exhale. “All right, it looks like we’re good, so does somebody wanna tell me what the hell just happened back there?”
“What happened is I was this close to getting my sandwich, and Morgan totally ruined everything.”
“Damn the sandwich, Jina!” Tomika shouted. “I don’t know how things work in your screwed up head, but, to me, evangelical atheists with electric rifles trumps a goddamned sandwich.”
“We wouldn’t have been in that situation if Morgan didn’t go and piss off the waitress.”
“What?! How am I the bad guy in this?”
“Forget how we got into the situation. What did Tomika do to get us out of it?” Pepper said.
A white streak whizzed past the car’s windows and arced down into the dirt, kicking up a wall of rocks and dust as a massive crater opened up. Pepper slammed on the brakes and swung the car around to put the hole at their side on their stop. A rhythm of rumbles grew stronger and stronger as three slender shapes came bounding towards them from the other side. The closer they came, the easier it was to make out the definition of the massive steel skeletons looking like headless and armless giants stripped of humanity, and in the frame of the chest of the leading one was a glowing white light that illuminated a familiar scowl. “Leaving so soon, ladies?” said Rocket. She pressed a button on her rectangular device centered in her glowing console.
“Looks like we’re not out yet,” said Tomika. “Drive!”
Pepper jammed her foot on the gas pedal and drove into a field sitting before a forest, narrowly missing another road-running blast.
“There’s no escape!” Rocket said. “Science marches on! Religion runs in place!” She cackled as she launched more blasts at the car zig-zagging to dodge. She turned to her accomplices. “What are you waiting for? Fire!”
Rocket’s mother and Oz reluctantly tapped a button on their console and sent from the shoulders of their mechanized armor missiles that whistled as they spiraled en route to Pepper’s car. Tomika threw her door open and wrapped the seat belt into her fist to anchor herself half-inside the car as she whipped her arm up to command a slope of land to arise and catch the projectiles’ impact.
Pepper watched the flash in her rear-view mirror and dropped her jaw. “What the? Tomika did you just do what I think you did?”
Rocket and her family hopped over the dirt blockade and cued up more ammunition.
“Pep,” Tomika said. “I know you’re freaking but you’re gonna have to trust me for ten seconds, okay? You know that curve that’s coming up? I want you to drive into the guardrail.”
“What?! Why?”
“Just trust me! And Morgan, wait for a cue, too, okay?”
“Got it,” Morgan said.
Tomika climbed to the car’s roof and with one hand gripping the car, she brought her glowing bracelet up. “Killer charm, go!” she cried to transform into Mimi Lenoira.
The anticipated curve arrived and Pepper held her breath as she veered off the road to head straight towards the fence. Mimi guided the soil to lift and made a ramp that sent the car flying high over a river. The engine’s revving echoed with Pepper’s screams into the sky.
“Now, Morgan!” said Mimi as she leaped from the vehicle. She launched vines from her sleeves to lasso the legs of the mechs.
“Killer charm, go!” In mid-transformation, Morgan jumped from the open car door and sailed up, passing Mimi as she fell.
Mimi yanked Rocket and her family over the cliff edge and into the path of Minnie who brought out her staff to smash off the mechs’ legs. Mimi cut her vines from her sleeves and flipped around to draw a jet of water out of the river and catch the car. Pepper and Jina bounced violently on the liquid’s catch. Then, they felt their hearts flip and skip as they were put on an icy roller coaster ride down over the forest. Mimi, Minnie and the sparking armor suits landed behind the car and slid with it, and from her position behind everyone, Mimi kept her arm extended out to keep ice forming in front of them all as they headed towards a dimly-lit clearing.
“Holy crap, look at that scenery,” said Minnie as the sights rushed past. “Dude, that’s God’s blast processing at work.”
Rocket growled. “There is no God!”
Meanwhile down in the forest, Superintendent Hicks shifted the focus of his concentration from his can of beans and searched the surroundings as faint scraping and screams came to his ears. “You hear something, Jan?”
Sulking and smoking a cigarette, posted on her log opposite of the man, Dr. Mistress January shrugged and rolled her eyes, but when the sounds grew clearer, it drove her to turn to the same patch of trees in his focus. The sheet of ice ripped through the branches to deliver the company of Mimi, the mechs and the others to the campsite. Superintendent Hicks and Dr. Mistress January ran away as Pepper’s car skidded up to the campfire, followed by the earth-shaking drop of the mech torsos.
Pepper’s hands held a tight grip on the steering wheel while fright held a tight grip on her face. She sat still. The only motion on her was her chest heaving up and down. “Oh, my God.”
“Pep..., are you okay?” Jina asked delicately.
Pepper nodded but remained in her stone-like demeanor. “Is your sister Mimi Lenoira?”
Jina nodded. “You won’t tell, will you?”
“No.... I just wanted to make sure I didn’t lose my mind.”
Minnie and Mimi ended their ride on the ice track with a skid to the edge to scrape up a curtain of snow flurries that guarded them as they transformed to their civilian identities. Tomika gave the slide a strong kick from her heel and put into it a crack that ran back up to its start. The ice burst into chunks that rung out over the farthest reaches of the area as they hit the forest floor.
At the river, far down from the start of the mayhem, Kerou’s ears perked up. “Did you hear that? Sounded like a tree fell.”
“No. No, just keep going,” said Principal O’Lanski. He grabbed Kerou’s head and put her back to where she was.
At the campsite, the snow settled and topped Superintendent Hicks’s shock with more surprise. “Cordova? Cordova’s darkie sister? Cordova’s darkie sister’s half-A-rab friend? The hell y’all doin’ barreling through the woods like it’s a goddamn Six Flags? Is this how you kids have fun these days?”
Rocket and her family spilled out of their inoperable armor suits and hobbled over to the campfire. “I don’t know how you two did it, or what even happened,” Rocket said with her sights on Tomika and Morgan, “but I’m not changing my views on anything! I will live and die by science.”
“If you want to, fine. I really don’t care,” said Morgan. “Think whatever you want, but if you can’t find it in your heart to accept others, regardless of their differences, at least keep your displeasure to yourself instead trying to make them be like you.”
“Why should I stand by and smile when people have been shoving their beliefs down others’ throats for years? How is that fair to me?”
“It isn’t,” said Tomika. “Nobody should do that to anybody. Really, we’d eliminate a lot of problems if people got off their crusade horse and just let people live how they want as long as they’re not hurting anyone. I mean look at what happened tonight. All of this was over a piece of bacon.”
Rocket looked around at the smoldering suits, the bruises on her mother and her stepfather, the confused looks on nearly everyone, and the dusty mist hanging above. “Yeah, I guess I did go a little overboard, huh?”
“Just a skosh,” said Morgan.
Rocket sighed. “You’re right. Using violence to make the world a better place is obviously more of a hindrance. I guess it won’t kill me to know that some people view religious texts as facts. It’s their choice, and I’m sorry for trying to kill you.”
“Awww, apology accepted.” Morgan wrapped her arms around Rocket. “If only millions of other people could understand how easy it is to not worry about certain parts of someone’s life.”
“I still think we’re participating in a useless war, though.”
“Yeah, well, you know.”
“Okay, this is beautiful and all, but I have absolutely no context to fully get the magnitude,” said Dr. Mistress January. “What does bacon and robots have to do with religious intolerance?”
“Honey, I birthed what led to this, and I’m still confused,” said Rocket’s mother.
A little silence let a pinging from the mechs reach Rocket and her mother who turned up quizzical gazes at the sound. “That’s strange,” said Rocket. Dragging her leg, she walked to the suit and retrieved her device that was now glowing red.
“What’s the problem?” said Tomika.
“Nothing. This thing must be broken. It’s picking up readings that it shouldn’t.” Rocket gave the device a few of smacks against her palm. “I gotta recalibrate this thing.”
“Maybe not,” said Oz. “Look!” He pointed to a cat-like creature creeping out of the dark of the woods.
“Holy crap, it’s the bingham!” said Superintendent Hicks.
“You know about the bingham?” said Rocket’s mother.
“Sure do. It’s the whole reason I’m out here. I even researched its diet to make bait.” Superintendent Hicks took a handful of doughy balls from a sack attached to his waist and tossed them to the animal. It slinked up to them and stood on its hind legs as it brought the feed up to its mouth. Superintendent Hicks and Rocket’s mother crept up to the creature as slowly as they could go, all the while signaling that an action would be made after three counts.
“One,” Rocket’s mother mouthed as she took another soft step. “Two...” The two of them took another syncopated step. “Three!” She and Superintendent Hicks lunged at the bingham and made a cringe-inducing collision with each other as it evaded their grasp in a jump.
The bingham scampered into the camp and bounded off of a log to land in Jina’s arms, surprising her. 
“Oh, Hello there. Aren’t you a little cute—” Jina paused and sniffed the animal. “Wait, I know this scent. It’s the blood sandwich.”
“That’s ‘cause the special meat Oz has been using in his recipe is the bingham,” said Rocket’s mother. “That’s why it tastes like nothing you’ve ever had before.”
“The original purpose of our armor suits and these cards was to track down and catch binghams, bleeths, and hoffs. We wiped out the species for a reason,” Rocket said.
“So you could corner the market on this type of meat?” said Pepper.
“No. Because they’re dangerous. We learned from research videos left by people who used to live in this area that binghams, bleeths, and hoffs have blood that can use for regeneration. It’s fine in humans, but it does strange things on these grounds. We just didn’t want that kind of thing out here.”
“Wha’ kahn uh strange dangs?” Jina asked with her mouth open wide. She had sunk her incisors into the bingham’s side and drew blood. It lay in her arms as a pea-sized drop plopped in the dirt.
“Uh-oh,” said Rocket. Tremors rippled through the ground.
“Dammit, Jina. Why couldn’t you just settle for a Big Mac like a normal person?” said Tomika.
“I can’t help it if I have an affinity for rare meat.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Holy crap, that was amazing, Kerou,” said Principal O’Lanski as he zipped up his pants.
“And you can get that whenever you like. Now, aren’t you glad I convinced you to try out this relationship thing with me?”
“Yeah, well, you drive a pretty hard bargain.”
“And you drive an even harder one.” They shared a small laugh.
Principal O’Lanski held his smile as he brushed a lock of Kerou’s hair from her face. “I’ll never forget this night, Kerou. You’re the best thing that ever happened in my life.”
An arm covered in insects and peeling flesh thrust from the soil and waved around before taking a hold on Principal O’Lanski’s leg. He looked down to see what was causing a sensation on his limb and he partnered shooting his eyes open with a shrill scream as he jumped backwards. He turned and raced off into the forest. ““I knew I shouldn’t have did it! I just knew it! They tryin' to pull me into Hell!”
“Principal O’Lanski, wait!”
“No!”
Back at the campsite, arms of the same grotesque quality tore up through the dirt and wiggled the fingers. One of the hands grazed Dr. Mistress January’s ankle and sent her into screams. She jammed her heel into the palm and broke the hand off at the wrist.
“Ow, man,” said a muffled voice with a lethargic inflection.
Dr. Mistress January backed to the cover of Superintendent Hicks as a gritty head popped up. The area around the eye sockets was worn to the skull and insects crawled out of the mouth as it stretched open. “Little help here, dude? Anyone?” the face said.
“Welp, when rare animal blood summons hippie zombies,  I’d say that’s a cue to go home. Goodnight, everybody,” said Tomika.
“No, wait, don’t leave, man. I’m not a zombie. ...Wait a minute, who said that? I feel fresh air, but I can’t see anything, dude.”
“You don’t have eyes, son,” said Superintendent Hicks.
“Aw, man, I knew we should’ve buried ourselves in coffins.” Angry murmurs emitted from the ground at the sites of the other hands.
“Why did you guys bury yourselves?” Rocket’s mother asked.
“Me and my buddies found a funky old movie that said that some of the animals in this forest can bring people back to life, so we buried ourselves in, like, hopes that we could wake up in a future when the Vietnam War was over. Did we make it?”
“Yeah, you beat it out by about thirty-five years,” Oz said.
“Far out! Awesome!” The face and his crew of hands cheered.
“But you kinda woke up in the middle of another one.”
“Aw, man. Are you serious?” The face and his crew jeered.
“Yeah, well, you know,” Morgan said.
“But wait, how was anyone supposed to know that you guys were down here to summon you once the war was over? Did you leave a note somewhere?” Rocket asked.
“Dude, we were so high. I don’t even know, man.”
“Damn hippies,” said Superintendent Hicks.
With his cry proceeding him, Principal O’Lanski bolted from the forest and slowed to a rest by Superintendent Hicks. He hunched over and struggled to bring air into his burning lungs. But he caught sight of the hands flailing from the ground and yelled again. 
Kerou came out of the forest and was quickly hit with a wall of confusion as she stopped at the campsite. “Tomika, Jina, Morgan, Pepper? Man-and-woman-I-don’t-know? Girl-I-don’t-know-but-I-think-she-has-the-most-adorable-hair-ever?”
“Oh, thank you,” said Rocket. She gave her ponytail a flip.
“What are you guys doing here? Hey, you found the bingham.”
“You know about this thing, too?” Jina said. She kept her hand over the animal’s wound.
“Yeah, Superintendent Hicks had us looking for it.”
“Forget the freaking bingham!” said Principal O’Lanski. “Why are we just standing here while there’s a freaking invasion going on around us?”
“Calm down, boy,” said Superintendent Hicks.
“But zombies!”
“Not zombies, dude. Well, sorta not,” said the face.
“Yeah, it’s worse. They’re hippies,” said Superintendent Hicks.
Morgan felt a buzz at her thigh. She pulled her mobile phone out of her pocket and saw that she had received a message. “Dude, guess what Jizzelle just texted. There’s a surprise two dollar double feature of Cats Don’t Dance and All Dogs Go to Heaven showing at the Cinnemar Cinema. We’ve got to get down there before they run out of seats.”
“Anything to get out of this cold,” said Dr. Mistress January. “You guys need a ride?” she asked of Rocket and her family. “I see your... robot things are a little... damaged.”
“Oh, my goodness! Thank you,” said Rocket’s mother. 
“Is anyone else in?” Morgan asked.
“I’ll go,” said Jina. “But I’m taking this little guy with me.”
“A little take-out order perhaps?” Tomika said.
“No, wise-ass, I’m not gonna eat him. This little guy’s too cute to eat, even as delicious as that small taste of his blood was.”
“I don’t suppose you’d be interested in passing that critter off to me as a thank you for getting funds for your cheerleader team, would you?” said Superintendent Hicks. He took a step toward Jina and the bingham broke from its rest to hiss at him. “Okay, never mind. It’s cool.”
“All right, movie night!” Morgan cried. “Mo-vie! Mo-vie! Mo-vie!” she chanted as everyone filed off to their automobiles.
Superintendent Hicks dumped a bucket of water on the campfire and stirred up the hissing embers with a shovel.
“Wait! Wait, dudes! Come back and pull us out. I wanna see the movie, too. Or at least listen to it,” said the face.
“No hippies on movie night!” said Superintendent Hicks. With one more bucket of water, he snuffed out the fire’s hissing and left the muffled callings behind him as he got into his truck to follow everyone else down the trail.
“Dude? ...Hey, dude? Oh, so not cool, man.”




Chapter Thirteen
Decisions


In a room as bright, white, and sterile as a hospital for doves, various groups of men and women in lab coats held low discussions as they used tablet computers to collect notes on observations of flames on fabrics, the practicality of extensive dye and density equations that were written on big dry-erase boards, and reactions between samples of various chemical compounds. With the same garb donned, Trecille and Felicia looked on happily as Rocket’s mother used a pair of tongs to remove a slender, silver stake from a pot overflowing with steam. She slid screws pointing from the bottom back of a high-heeled shoe into the wide top of the stake and tightened them with a screwdriver. Then, she laid a black, sole-shaped pad inside the shoe and placed it with its counterpart in a row of two more identical pairs on a counter.
“Voila! 152 millimeters of chrome vanadium steel alloy with perfectly calibrated heel-to-heel alignment, oscillating pressure point contacts and arch memory sole for proper pronation, and 40 millimeters of a viscoelastic polyeurothane matrix under the toes for impact redistribution. I present to you the world’s most comfortable high heel stiletto shoe.”
Trecille gently took the shoe from Rocket’s mother and held it up to examine every aspect of it. “We spent four months trying to make this thing, and then you come in here and do it in one morning. I can’t believe it. You’re a freakin’ miracle worker.”
“Hon, if there’s three things I’ve known since birth it’s cooking, combustion, and covalent bonds in macromolecules. Applying principles of two of the three for increasing comfort in dorsiflexion and the plantar aspect is no big thing.”
“Yeah, yeah, spare us the nerd talk,” said Felicia. “What really matters is that it’s cute, and this prototype is simply magnificent. It’s just how I pictured it in my designs.”
“I did follow all of your specifications and tried my damnedest to maximize comfort,” said Rocket’s mother, “but I cannot advise you to say that you can wear these more than a regular high heel. This design just eases some of the problems in casual wearing.”
“Whatever. Friday’s team’ll put an asterisk somewhere in the advertisements,” Trecille said.
The automatic sliding doors opened and in came London and Friday. ”Someone call my name?” London said.
“What? No. In fact, I distinctly said ‘Friday’.”
“Pretty sure I heard a short ‘O’ before I came in.”
“I said some— Whatever. It’s good you two are here. You’re just in time to try out the first prototypes of the Mariposas.”
“Well, Ms. Cordova, they’re certainly beautiful, but two inches is my limit,” said Friday.
“That’s exactly why I want you to try them on. London has a lot of shoes, so she can give us one type of comparison. And since you don’t wear high-heels a lot, you can give us a different kind of analysis. Now, put ‘em on.”
Both women slipped their feet out of their current pair of shoes and held onto the counter for stability as they eased on the Mariposas. London stood up straight and confident while Friday immediately had to catch her balance after her letting go of the counter.
“I definitely like the design,” said London as she pointed her foot down and out to examine the form of the footwear. She took a step and— “Oh, my goodness, I’m about to climax,” she sung. She stumbled as the shock of a warm, feather-like sensation trickled up through her soles and legs and drained out tension.
“What is this witchcraft, and why am I just now experiencing it?” said Friday as she walked around with ease. “I just— I can’t even explain it. It’s like I just took a pair of shoes off instead putting one on. It’s like walking on air and the ground at the same time.”
“That was my general idea,” said Felicia. “It’s suppose to feel like you’re walking on the backs of butterflies hence the name Mariposas.”
“The soles work similar to a foot massage,” said Rocket’s mother. “Each step releases a wave of euphoria, so even though they still stress your calves and Achilles tendons, it at least takes your mind off of it.”
“This is definitely gonna change fashion,” said London. “Just like everyone should have a little black dress, everyone’s gonna need a pair of these shoes, ‘cause I could wear these all day. I could literally marry these things.”
“Yeah, well, I hate to break up your happy home, but we need the shoes back,” said Trecille. “It’s not enough that we just say that they’re the most comfortable, we have to get them to Certification so they can give us legal clearance to make that claim.”
London and Friday exhaled long sighs and relinquished their bliss back to Trecille and Felicia. Their heads were low as they put their feet back into their initial pair of shoes.
“Maybe we should scale back on the comfort. We don’t wanna give the whole world shoe-induced postpartum depression,” said Rocket’s mother.
“Well, that’s for a different team of scientists to decide, now.” Trecille placed the shoes in a white, plastic box full of packaging peanuts, and topped it with a labeled lid. She placed the carton on a large platform against the wall and pressed a button to send it up through the ceiling by way of pneumatic tube. “But that reminds me. How are we coming on the endorsements, Friday?”
Friday gingerly raised her head. “What...? Oh, yeah.... That’s why I came down here.” She sighed. “Mariah Carey’s on board for the North American release of the shoe. And Steffennie got Victoria Beckham for Europe, and Kylie Minogue for Australia. Their representation is just waiting for samples.”
“Perfect. Keep up the good work.”
“Whatever.” Friday dropped her head and followed London in her languid shuffle out of the laboratory.
“Ms. Cordova, Mrs. Mercado-Mills, I don’t know how to begin to thank you two for this opportunity,” said Rocket’s mother. “I said I didn’t wanna get mixed up in all this business stuff, but y’all are good people. I don’t really mind it.”
“Oh, we owe all the thanks to you and to my girls for suggesting you to come work on this project. It sucks that your town kicked you and your family out, but once these shoe royalties start coming in, I’m sure you’ll be back on your feet in no time.” Trecille picked up a model of a foot and led a chorus of rollicking chuckles. But, a twinge in her head ceased her celebration. “Hold on, my maternal senses are tingling.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Jina, are you okay?” Jayla whispered.
Nearly every student in the classroom had some degree of anxiety emanating from him or her while sitting before a multiple-paged quiz that seemed almost mocking in its questions’ phrasings, but the depth of disarray on Jina was high priority in Jayla’s concerns. Heavy eyelids and a blank stare, unkempt hair strewn over a forehead speckled with sweat, shirt buttoned incorrectly, and a slump that was only propped up as far as it was by her arm on the desk. It tortured Jayla to her heart to see her friend in such apparent aching.
“I swear it feels like my stomach is boiling tartar sauce,” said Jina. “I knew I should’ve stayed home today, but, no, I just had to try to be a good student and keep my perfect attendance record.”
“Do you think maybe it’s something you ate?”
“I don’t know.” Jina sighed and laid her head down on her desk. “I  just wanna go to sleep.”
“Excuse me, ladies. Unless you two want zeroes, I suggest you save your conversation until after class,” said the teacher.
“Mr. Crank, Jina doesn’t feel well. May I take her to the nurse?”
“Oh, no, you’re not pulling that one on me. In all my years of teaching, I’ve learned to spot the difference between someone who is actually sick and when they’re doing the ‘I-didn’t-study-so-I’m-gonna-fake-sick-and-take-a-make-up-test-later’ ploy, and I smell fraud all over your friend.”
Jina sprung out of her seat to dash over to a refuse can in a corner by the door. She threw her face into it and retched out the acidic soup of her stomach. The rapid plopping against the plastic conjured up cringes and groans in the kids behind her.
“Now it smells like you’re telling the truth. I’ll write a pass.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

On a table with vinyl cushions lined with a thin sheet of paper that announced every movement on it, and seemed to carry more chill than was actually in Nurse Jackie’s office, Jina lay with a damp cloth on her forehead and a breath mint circling about her mouth. An examination had been administered. But now there was the strain of waiting for an answer. There was some alleviation of the tension found in jovial talks with Jayla while counting the ceiling tiles in various multiples as if one strategy would uncover some hidden square that another one could not. But no, always 24 and two-thirds. (The two-thirds coming from two slender pieces in a part of the room not flush with the door.)
“I think you were right about it just being something I ate, Jay. I’ve felt better since throwing up, but I don’t know why animal blood messed with me this time. I’ve always eaten my steaks rare.”
“But that’s not blood you’ve been ingesting. It’s a protein juice which is similar to blood.”
Jina groaned. “Well, it sure would’ve helped to know that fun fact last night before I went Queen of the Damned on my new pet. Pepper seemed okay when we were at the movie, but I’m sure I left her some kind of freaked at the end of the night.”
“You, uh, you didn’t say Pepper was with you last night. You just said you made Morgan and Tomika go out with you, and then you all got into some weird adventure. Why was Pepper with you? I mean not that it matters. I’m just asking. You know.” Jayla forced a laugh and ran her fingers through her hair. She turned her gaze down to the floor.
“She was the one who asked if I wanted to go out, and I knew for sure I was gonna make it awkward, so that’s why I asked Morgan and Tomika to come. That was a great idea in hindsight.”
“So, it was just like a group outing? It wasn’t a date?”
“Oh, god, no! I hope my and Pepper’s first date isn’t even a micron of the train wreck last night was. I hope it isn’t even a— What’s smaller than an iota? You’re super-smart; give me a word.”
Jayla laughed. “I think it’s a good thing you left that test early.”
“Why do you say that?”
“It’s nothing. It’s just that microns are used to measure length. I’d have said a picogram or maybe a micromole considering the manner in which you’re using it. Just something that measures mass rather than length, you know? But whatever you want to use is fine. It’s not that serious.”
“Frickin’ Christ, Jay, do you have to be so Asian all the time?” Jina chuckled. “But, no, you know that’s what I love about you.”
Jayla shrunk a bit as a blushing smile emerged.
Nurse Jackie entered the office. “Sorry I took so long, girls. I just wanted to triple-check my results.”
Jina sat up and caught the cloth as it slipped from her head. “So, what’s the prognosis, nurse? Is it food poisoning?”
“Diagnosis,” said Jayla.
“Nope. It’s just a spell of morning sickness. Congrats, hon. You got a little critter brewing up in there.”
“What do you mean a ‘little critter’? Like a parasite-thingy?”
“Oh, no, nothing like that. I meant a baby.”
“A baby what?”
“A baby human.”
“A baby human what?”
Nurse Jackie laughed. “You’re pregnant, hon. Congratulations.”
“No, no, no. This is not a cause for congratulations. I cannot be pregnant. This makes absolutely no sense. I’m an ‘unorthodox virgin’.”
“What the blazes does that mean?”
“It means I you-know’d, but not with the... you know.”
“What, you’ve only had sex with girls?”
“No, I’ve done it with guys, but when I did, sometimes it was only... you know?”
“Oral sex?”
“No.”
“Manual sex?”
“No.”
“Anal sex?”
Jina turned a little bit away. “Yeah,” she mumbled.
“Well, why didn’t you just say that? If that’s your thing, then go for it. Safely, I should add. And by safely, I don’t mean going to your favorite sex video site and looking at an anal sex porn scene for tips. Those movies are unrealistic. You don’t ram your partner like you’re trying to make wine with your pelvis.”
“I’m well aware how it should be done, Nurse Jackie.”
“Sorry. Just a had a boyfriend flashback.”
Jayla cringed. “How..., like, how recent was this boyfriend?”
“Anyway,” Jina said, “despite it being my ‘thing’, that doesn’t explain how I could get pregnant from it.”
“Last time you had sex, did your partner ejaculate into your rectum or anywhere around your pelvic area?”
Jina put her face in her palms. “Oh, my god, I can’t believe we are even talking about this. “
“Sex is natural; don’t be ashamed. We’re just trying to figure out what’s going on. Now, if you did allow your partner to do that, there’s a chance that you could’ve got pregnant that way. Maybe it was the pre-ejaculate.”
“Okay, explain it, but can you please just not say the r-word? It seriously skeeves me out.”
“Well... you may have some damage to your... ‘bunny tunnel’. It may not have completely formed when you were developing, or your relations could’ve been a little too rough and damaged it then. Any of your partner’s soldiers could’ve ‘broken on through to the other side’ and got to your uterus. I mean they are some resilient little things. Or if you got semen somewhere around your vagina, it could’ve slipped in then. It happens all the time when you don’t take precautions.”
“But I haven’t had sex since, like, the beginning of this year. Since, like, March. There’s no way any ‘soldiers’ could’ve been camping out for this long, no matter how resilient they are. And I’ve been getting my period, too.”
“Well, I’m just the school nurse. You’re gonna have to talk to your OB/GYN, hon.”
“Yeah, about that,” said Jayla, “when did school nurses become allowed to give urine tests?”
“Focus, Jayla. My life is ruined, and I don’t even know how.”
“It’s not so bad, honey,” said Nurse Jackie. “You do have plenty of options to consider, and if you would like to be excused for the day, I’ll write you a note and call your mother.”
“Oh, god, no! My mother can not know about this. She’ll kill me, you, and every boy I’ve ever at least said ‘hi’ to in the past 16 years.” Jina hopped off of the table. “Thank you for your help, but I feel fine now. I’ll just get through the rest of the day, go home, and figure this out by myself. Come on, Jayla.”
Jina grabbed Jayla’s wrist and whisked her away to the exit. She threw the door open only to halt in horror at the surprise arrival of a wall of blistering fury, radiating powerfully as it stared down at her, motionless and scowling as a crack of thunder resounded outside. It was Trecille with pure violence in her eyes and Tomika slung over her shoulder.
“I have no idea what’s going on, but if it gets me out of class, I’ll roll with it,” said Tomika.
Jayla’s confidence was obviously losing to her cowardice, but still she stepped out in front of Jina. “Ms. Cordova, before you get upset, you’ve got to understand that—” Jayla’s plea was cut short as Trecille grabbed her face and shoved her away.
Trecille took Jina’s collar in her grip and lifted her off her feet to toss her over her other shoulder. Then, she turned and stomped down the hall. Students and staff poked their heads out through classroom doors, quizzically murmuring to each other.
“Early dismissal, bitches! Suck it,” said Tomika.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

From one vinyl-cushioned table and to another, Jina sat quietly in shame in her gynecologist’s examination room, waiting through an even stronger bout of tension, this time. Framed artwork on creme-colored walls, immaculately manicured plants, and windows decorated with modern drapery intended to give patients a feeling of inviting and calm, but nothing could lessen the heavy hold on Jina’s insides. She struggled to avert her eyes from her mother’s who seemed as if she had not blinked the whole time they had been there, or for the matter, the car ride over either. Jina tried to count the ceiling tiles again, or swim her through the wavy patterns in the hardwood floor, but she could still feel the burn of Trecille’s glare. She could feel her sitting across from her, arms folded, legs crossed, and the foot of the elevated leg rocking quickly. Judging. She felt completely sick again.
Dr. Monica, the family gynecologist, walked into the room with a folder full of papers in her hand and closed the door behind her. “Well, Jina, it’s not pseudocyesis. You are definitely pregnant. Seven weeks to be exact. Are you sure you haven’t had intercourse lately?”
“Positive.”
“What about any kind party situations with male peers and foggy memories of the event the next day? Maybe some kind of forced sex situation, perhaps?”
“I swear nothing like that has happened. The last time I was with a guy was in March. It was consensual. I can remember it like it was yesterday.”
“Liar!” Trecille roared as she popped out of her chair. “You told me you don’t remember anything when you had sex. Talking about ‘losing control over rational thought’ and that mess. I should’ve known your fast, little cochina ass was gonna end up like this. Tú probablemente chichaste la todo ciudad. I should smack you for every week you been carrying this child.”
Dr. Monica pulled Trecille away from Jina who was a word away from tears. “I understand you’re upset, Ms. Cordova, but that kind of talk isn’t going to help. Your daughter needs your support.”
“She’s gonna need life support after I’m done beating that ass.”
“I didn’t do anything, mamí. Why don’t you believe me?”
“Shut up! Don’t say another damn word.”
“Just calm down, Ms. Cordova. Perhaps Jina came in contact with a surface that had semen residue. It is quite possible that this is a non-intercourse accident. It isn’t a completely implausible situation.”
Trecille took a step back and sat back down. “It’s just that... I just don’t want her to go through what I did. She’s got such a bright future and having a baby this early is gonna complicate things.”
“But mamí, whatever the cause of this is, I’m getting an abortion.”
“What?” Trecille sprung up from her seat again. “No! No, you can’t kill the baby.”
“But it’s not even a baby yet. It’s some amorphous anomaly. And I’m not gonna burden myself with eight months of body changes and stress and stuff when I didn’t even ask for this to happen. I don’t know how this pregnancy happened, but I know it’s not my fault.”
“Coquí, however it happened, it’s still a gift of life inside of you. You can’t be so quick to get rid of it. I mean what if I got an abortion when your father and I found out we were pregnant with you?”
“I nearly was aborted. Remember?”
“Well, what if Jesus was aborted? Can you imagine being Jewish? A Jewish Latina?! A Latina not being able to eat pork? Come on, now.”
“I don’t even eat pork now. And besides, I think a lot of modern-day problems would’ve been avoided had Jesus not been ‘born’.”
“We’re not getting into that, right now. The point is that you’re not living the life that I was. We can afford to have this baby and raise it in a safe environment. Don’t kill it just ‘cause you’re a little scared.”
“I’m not going to school pregnant. And I don’t get it. First, you’re calling me a whore. Now you’re begging me to keep this thing even when we both know it’s gonna ruin my life?”
“Look, I’m sorry I said those things. I was angry. But I don’t want you to think that having a baby will ruin your life. It will change your life, but you’ll see it won’t be so bad. I promise. Just don’t hurry into a decision you might regret.”
“The only decision I know I’d regret is going through with having a baby I don’t want, so mamí, don’t preach. I’ve made up my mind, I’m not keeping my baby.”
“Oh, God, why? ¿Por qué mi hija?” Trecille fell back into her chair and covered her face.
“It’s apparent that both of you are upset and I completely understand,” said Dr. Monica. “Why don’t you two go home, take a breather, and then discuss your options more calmly and thoroughly?”
“There’s nothing to discuss. Thank you, Dr. Monica.” Jina slipped off the table and made her leave a quick one while, behind her, Trecille slowly sighed as she eased out of the chair.
“Please try to be supportive, Ms. Cordova.”
Trecille hung her head and walked out.
Dr. Monica exited her examination room and shut the door behind her. She started off down the hallway when another doctor emerged from his room to run up to her. “Hey, I heard a bit of what was going on in there. What do you think?” he asked.
“Look I know you’re bent on finding the first case of human parthenogenesis, and that’s fine, but you’re not gonna make your discovery at the cost of my patients’ privacy. And frankly, listening to my examinations is a severe case of privacy invasion even if you’re a doctor, too. I would appreciate it if you stopped.”
“Oh, yeah? Well, I did some research last week, and according to Section 9-511 of the town’s codes and ordinances, I have the right to listen to your examinations, and if I have concern with your results, I have a right to discuss them with you. Read it and weep, Hawthorne.” From inside his lab jacket, he pulled a folded sheet of paper and shoved it into Dr. Monica’s face.
Dr. Monica snatched the paper from him and scanned over the text. She scoffed. “You’ve got to be kidding. This can’t be real.”
“Oh, it’s definitely real and definitely active. And, I definitely have reasonable suspicion, so I’ll just be taking this.” The doctor plucked the folder from Dr. Monica’s hands. “And I’ll be on my way.”
“You’re not gonna find anything. Whatever you’re thinking, it’s complete and utter crap.”
“We’ll just see, won’t we?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Jina lay curled up in her bed with her window’s curtains drawn and her door shut. She had only bothered to remove her uniform’s jacket before falling into her bed to let the pillows soak up a few tears and soothe her aching brain. But to illuminate her shadowy sanctuary from the nightstand nearby, her mobile phone’s screen flashed on as it buzzed softly. She picked up the device and took the incoming call.
“Hey, kid, I got your text. What’s up?” said Pepper.
“I just wanted to talk. I’m not pulling you from class, am I?”
“Nah, I was on my way to lunch. So, how are you doing?”
Jina sighed. “Not well. I just found out I’m pregnant.”
Pepper laughed. “So, when are we going on Maury?”
“I’m serious, Pepper. I just came from the doctor, and she told me I’m seven weeks along and I just don’t understand how ‘cause I haven’t had done it in months, and my mom’s mad at me ‘cause she wants me to keep it, and I’m scared, and I don’t know what to do.” She sniffled.
“Hey, hey, it’s okay. Don’t cry. I’m sorry, I didn’t know you weren’t joking. It’s okay.”
“It’s not okay, Pepper. What am I gonna do?”
“What do you want to do? Which side of the fence are you leaning over more?”
“I want to get an abortion, but I just don’t know, now. My mamí seemed so disappointed when I said that that’s what I wanted do.”
“Well, whatever you decide, I’m right by your side. I’m not trying to be the good girlfriend and say I’ll help you raise it or anything, if that’s what you choose, because I don’t want to make that promise—”
“And I don’t expect you to. None of this concerns you, and you’re probably already fed up with baby stuff ‘cause of Felicia.”
“But, still, I’m here for you. And I want you to do what feels right to you.”
“What I feel doesn’t feel right anymore. Just—I don’t know—easy or something. I mean I have pictured having a family of my own, but definitely not this early.”
“To be honest, I don’t see myself being a mother at all.”
“Why not? You seem like you’d be one of those cool moms. The kind that lets her kids express themselves, and their friends admire you ‘cause you go to PTA meetings on a motorcycle.”
Pepper laughed. “What makes you think I’d ride a motorcycle? I’ve been freakin’ scared of those things since the Puff Daddy ‘I’ll Be Missing You’ video.”
“You just give off a rebel vibe. The kind that gives her kids cool names.”
“What? Like ‘Rebel’? And I spell it with another ‘L’ and an ‘E’ at the end, and an accent over the first ‘E’, and an apostrophe separating the syllables.”
“All right, easy now you’re moving into ghetto name territory.” Jina chuckled. “But that’s enough talk about kids. I just got a new pet that I need to concentrate on.”
“And how is little Willow doing?”
“He’s fine, resting right here by my bed. All peaceful and stuff.”
“That’s good.”
“Jina! Come downstairs!” Trecille called.
“Mamí just called me, so we’ll talk later, okay?”
“You take it easy now. Don’t fret yourself into an ulcer before you even make it to college, okay?”
“I’ll try to relax, but mamí’s not gonna make it easy. I’m probably about to walk into a few gray hairs, right now.”
“Yeah, but you’d rock the granny look so well, it’d probably turn into winter’s hottest look.”
“See, that’s why I like you, Pepper. You know how to keep a smile on my face.”
“And as manic as you’ve been since we’ve met, it’s not an easy job. But I love a good challenge.”
Jina snickered. “Bye, Pep.”
“Later, kid.”
Jina ended the call and left her phone by her pillow. She tossed her feet over the side of the bed and started off to the hallway. She threw open the bedroom door and walked to the stairs, but over the hall’s balcony, down in the foyer, the guest beside Trecille and Tomika took her attention. “Mayor Harischandra, what’re you doing here?” she said as she came down the staircase.
Melissa finished up chewing a bite of a sandwich she was holding. “I came to see you, Jina. I’ve got a little bit of good news and bad news to tell you.”
“Why didn’t you just call?”
“Well, it was almost lunchtime so I figured I’d kill two birds with one stone.” She took another bite of the sandwich.
“Looks like one of those birds is a turkey,” said Tomika.
Jina sighed as she sat next to Tomika on the bottom step. “Give me the good news first. I’m so over bad news at the moment.”
“Um, actually—” Melissa laughed sheepishly. “Actually, the good news doesn’t make sense unless I tell you the bad news first. Actually, I don’t think there is any good news now that I think about it.”
“Damn it, Melissa! My blood pressure is already up in my ears,” Trecille said. “I don’t have time to deal with your airhead antics! Now, hurry up and say what you gotta say and get outta my house.”
“Okay, okay! Jina, I really shouldn’t be telling you this, but you’re getting ready to be served court papers because some reproductive endocrinologist at the office on West Macadam said he has reasonable suspicion that you may be carrying the second coming of Jesus.”
“Holy ovaries, Batman!” said Tomika.
“You’re joking, right?” Jina said with a half-laugh. “I mean, yeah, I don’t understand how I could’ve got pregnant, but that so can’t be the case. And who’s this guy lodging complaints anyway?”
“Some doctor who must not have many patients if he has time to dig deep enough into Queen City’s charter to find this article,” Melissa said. “But sure enough, from the fax sent to my office, he does present a strong enough case to allow him to use his right to do this.”
“How?” Trecille asked. “This doesn’t make any sense.”
“Long story short, Northern State and Queen City used to be together in ‘holy matrimony’ under the name Millerswood, but somewhere around the 1920s, they had irreconcilable differences and split into the cities we know now. They disagreed over removing some provisions covering what should be done in the event of the second advent of Jesus, and, like, the only reason the provisions were written is that the people that founded Millerswood were strong believers in the teachings of William Miller who was some preacher in the state of Massachusetts. Even though things didn’t pan out that great for Miller, his followers formed a bunch of their own interpretations of the Bible and prophecies about the return of Jesus and their teachings got passed on through the descendents who are still in Queen City. Over the years, they’ve done evangelical stuff, and registered cases in religious matters, but a special panel we have prevents them from going through, citing unreasonable complaints. But this is the first time in a while that someone has enough evidence to actually take someone to court. That someone being you.”
“But what are they suing me for? Like, what are the charges?”
“They’re not really suing you as much as they want to interview you to determine if your character is good enough to be presented in the ‘Third Testament’—” Melissa pulled her mobile phone from her jacket pocket and recited from it: “’which will be added to the sacred text, and will contain entries in which the bearer will be honored alongside our savior as the one who delivered Him to us to lead us to our millennium in Heaven and our newly-sanctified world-to-come.’”
“So, basically, they’re judging me?”
“Yeah, pretty much.”
“How does something like this even exist?” Tomika said. “If it’s been almost a hundred years since the city’s been established with the court still in it, and the city keeps getting these stupid complaints from the court, why don’t you just get rid of it?”
“It’s just like when I was telling your mother about the police. We can’t do anything without a vote. That’s just how democracy works.”
“You’re telling me that in all this time, no one has voted to get rid of this court?”
Melissa shrugged. “I’d love to get rid of the thing ‘cause all it does is sap money, waiting for religious matters to arise. Like I said, barely any complaints actually make it to court. The most recent ‘successful’ proceeding was sometime in the late 1990s, probably over Y2K stuff or something. But because it doesn’t operate as a normal municipal court, we can’t just get rid of it in the way we get rid of municipal courts, so the one option around its loophole is repealing the part in the charter that gives it its power. But when it does come up on ballots, advocacy groups word their argument to ensure it keeps going ‘just in case.’”
“Okay, hold up for a second,” said Tomika. “You’re telling me that our tax dollars—”
“My tax dollars,” said Trecille.
“Citizens’ tax dollars go to the state who, in turn, give them to this church court to continue its pretty much useless existence? And there are people that find out about this church court, oppose it, and try to part it from its funding? And then there are lobbyists who oppose the opposition of the state cutting its funding or doing away with it?”
“Um... yes?” Melissa drawled, unsure.
“So, it’s sorta like antidisestablishmentarianism, which is what we were talking about with Morgan.” Tomika laughed. “Oh, you’ve gotta be kidding me. This is hilarious.”
“Yes, Tomika, I get it. It’s some kind of lame cosmic joke,” said Jina. “But can we get back to the real matter here? I’m pregnant and some creeps wanna put their Bibles all up in my jenna. God, this is so unfair. It’s like everyone’s got a say about my body but me. I don’t even want this kid, and now I have to keep it because some freaks think it’s Jesus?”
“You should keep it even if it isn’t,” said Trecille.
“I know it’s really up to you, but I’m inclined to agree with your mother,” said Melissa.
“But it’s not fair! Your god rapes me and I’m just supposed to lie back and go along with it?”
“Hey! Don’t use that word when speaking of the Lord,” said Trecille. “And you should be honored to be the one who delivers Jesus to us.”
“Mom, come on, you seriously don’t believe this crap, do you?” Tomika said. “What proof do these people have to even take their case to the court?”
“The fax I received said something about the blood work showed only her alleles in the fetus. In other words, no other ‘man’ contributed to the baby. Ironic, though, right? Using science to prove religious matters.”
“My favorite kind of irony,” said Tomika. “But anyway, I don’t believe this whole sitch, and I'm inclined to believe a lot of unbelievable things.”
“Well, we’ll just see in a few months, won’t we?” said Trecille.
“No, we’re gonna find out way before then,” Jina said. “And if I’m gonna go through this whole thing, I want some kind of mention of it in the news just in case they don’t want cameras in the courtroom because, even as innocuous as this court is, I want people to see what their money is going towards so we can put an end to it. And even if what I believe about this ‘baby’ makes me a lightning rod for the hate of some people out there, then so be it. I’ll deal with it.”
“Sounds like you do have some Jesus in you,” said Tomika.
“Well, considering they’re not backed up on cases, the court date probably will be tomorrow. I’m sure the guy with the papers is gonna be by soon,” said Melissa. “And I’d start gathering character witnesses if I were you.”
“That won’t be necessary, but there is some research that needs to be done. Thank you for stopping by, Mayor Harischandra.” Jina stood and turned to head back up the stairs.
“No problem at all, dear. Serving the people is my job.” She took a bite of her sandwich.
“Jina,” Trecille said knowingly, “I know you’re up to something. What are you planning?”
“Well, it’s obviously not Plan B, now is it?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

At around the tenth hour of Saturday, on the seventh of November,  headlines went live on the websites of the local news affiliates. And, on social network pages, friends of Tomika’s and Jina’s passed links along to others who then passed them on to others, but, while most found the entire occurrence laughable, many morose messages were sent to Jina by her virtual stalkers who lamented over the fact they were not the ones to impregnate her first. Another spell of nausea on waking soured her stomach more than the anonymous wishes.
Jina kept her concern more on her body than her face as she stood before her dresser’s mirror, preparing for her tenth hour appointment. She pulled her hair into a ponytail and held it there with a bow. Then, she looked at her stomach. She took a deep breath, braced her self on the furniture and closed her eyes.
“You okay, light-skin?” Tomika said as she arrived in the doorway, dressed in semi-formal wear as well.
Jina turned to lean against the dresser. “I’m okay, I guess. I’m just a little scared. And confused. I mean you’re the demi-goddess of the family. Why can’t you be the one carrying this miracle child?”
“Jina, you know if I could, I’d totally carry this kid for you just like in that show The Return of Jezebel James.”
“Oh, my goodness, I forgot about that show. Didn't it seem like it was gonna be good? It didn’t get a chance at all.”
“Promising shows always get the plugged pulled on them too early. Take Stacked for instance. Sure it did have two seasons, but I think it could’ve really gotten its legs in a few more.”
“All right, let’s not get crazy now.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The ride to the courthouse was a quiet one. The Ellenwood Valley suburb appeared almost grayscale to Jina through her window. It was as if someone had sapped all the color from the buildings and streets but left the browns, reds, and yellows of the leaves intact to catch the few snowflakes that were wafting down. Trecille parked in a fenced lot behind a small, two-story building that was attached to a short stretch of similar structures. They walked in and checked in with a clerk and an officer who gave them a shoulder-to-shoes pat down. Then, they went to the courtroom. It was a bright, beige room with rows of pews on either side of a wide aisle that led up to the judge’s bench where, behind it, was the United States flag on a post, and the state flag and a crucifix mounted on the wall. Trecille and Tomika took seats with the clamoring crowd of residents in the pews while Jina followed a bailiff to her place at a podium sitting between the audience and the judge’s bench. Despite the smiles and whispered blessings from everyone Jina passed on entrance, she could not help the chill in her hands, the haste on her heartbeat, or the ache in her stomach. And she knew there was no doubt that the bailiff could feel her fingers shaking as she placed her hand on the Bible to be sworn in.
“All rise for blessed Judge Hailey White,” the bailiff announced. The audience quieted down and complied, but on first sight of the girl in the judge’s robe as she emerged from a door at the room’s side, Jina, Tomika, and Trecille immediately fell into shock. She looked no older than Jina, smacking on some chewing gum and quietly enthralled in a text conversation on her mobile phone as she went to the bench. “You may be seated,” said the bailiff. The people sat.
Judge Hailey put her phone aside. “Thank you, acting-bailiff Deacon Jacob. Let’s, like, get started and junk.”
“Wait, wait, wait, is this for real? You’re the judge?” Jina said. “You look like you’re the same age as me.”
“Try seven years older, darling. But age shouldn’t matter when it comes to God. The congregation agreed that He wanted me to do this, so, like, let’s get down to busy-ness.”
“But what qualifies you?”
“Uh, because, like, I know the Bible. What more qualifications do you think I need for a job like this?” Judge Hailey said, harshly rolling her eyes. She turned to face the congregation. “Now, we’re here today ‘cause we’ve got a good feeling that this girl right here is gonna be the one to deliver unto us our lord and savior Jesus Christ. Yay. Woo-hoo. Awesome. But let’s not forget that back in the old days, my ancestors thought the Resurrection was gonna happen, and people was all mean to them and junk when it didn’t happen. But we kept our faith strong, and now we got irrefutable proof before us that the end is near. Some of us held beliefs that Jesus’s return would come in a certain way, and certain events and stuff would precede it, but as we’ve seen, we can be wrong. It happens. This is why we’re man and almighty is our Lord. However He decides to come back to us is His decision, and He chose this young lady. But while we welcome His return with open arms and stuff, ironically, the bearer is a frickin’ atheist or something. Miss Jina Marie Priscilla Cordova, like, why don’t you like Jesus? He just wanted to free you of your sins and stuff. That’s not, like, a big deal to you?”
“Who said I was an atheist?”
“We read your Facebook and stuff. You told the news you thought this court was stupid.”
“It is stupid. I mean what is even the point of my being here?”
“Well, obviously because you’re the vessel Jesus chose to return in, and when He comes, He’s gonna take all the righteous to Heaven, and in the thousand years that we’re with Him, we’re gonna recount all the prophecies that my ancestors and their followers had, and we’ll end the new New Testament with your story. But, like any of us, we know you got some sin in your past, so we’re gonna look at the things you’ve done and help absolve you of that stuff, and get your soul all squeaky clean for the Lord. We can’t have our savior returning through some unsaved skeeze or junk, right?”
“Amen, child! Cleanse my baby,” Trecille called out.
Jina whipped around to her mother. “Mamí!”
“What? Don’t act like she’s not right. Let her clean you.”
Jina rolled her eyes and turned back to the judge.
Judge Hailey leaned back in her chair and spun it slightly to the left and right. Back and forth. Back and forth. “So, there’s your answer. Now, answer my question. Why won’t you let Jesus into your heart?”
Jina clasped her hands resting on the podium, and looked directly at the judge’s eyes. “I’m not an atheist; I do believe in a higher power, but I don’t believe in the Bible or any other religious text. I just can’t follow something that was written so long ago as a directive on how to be a good person today. If you want to, great for you. But for me, I just feel like there’s some kind of intangible force in most us that  compels us to do what’s right. I think most of us are born inherently good, but we learn hate, and then we teach it, and then some people justify their hate by using religion. Like a case of ‘one bad apple spoils the bunch,’ you know?”
“Oh, please,” said Judge Hailey, rolling her eyes. “Take that Quaker ‘inherently good’ crap back to the breakfast aisle where it belongs. It’s so obvi’ that we’re born inherently evil and when we’re given the freedom to act on our impulses without consequences, we will so take the chance. I mean look at how people act on the Internet. We need a set list of rules to keep people in line. Religion does that.”
“But some people interpret these archaic laws however they want, and therein is another problem because people within the same belief system can’t even agree on the simplest things. Take your church for example. You guys believe the Sabbath is on Saturday. Others believe it’s on Sunday, but because they say it’s Sunday, you say that unless they change the way they think, they’ll be denied entry into Heaven. It’s just little things like that that don’t make sense to me and keep me  from following a religion.”
“Look, if they want to believe that way, fine. We’re not the type of people that’ll force somebody to join our church. We’ll invite anyone because we want all people to feel God’s love, but if they want to go by their own views, they’ll answer to God if they come before him.”
“But what makes you guys so sure you’re correct? What makes your interpretation of the Bible and teachings and prophecies more correct than a Catholic’s or a Jehovah’s Witness’s or a Mormon’s? Everyone has their own view of what that book means which is why I don’t think you should bring it into legal matters. Laws are created to keep order in society. We come together and agree on rules that best suit the people, but when you let religious matters—many that can’t even be agreed on—cloud up your judgment of what you think is good for the people, you lose sight of what is actually good for them. When people use God as justification for discrimination to people, that’s not what’s best for the people. And even though that’s not the case here, my point is that this court shouldn’t exist. I should not have been legally bound to appear here today just because you think you’ve got good evidence that Jesus is coming back. You know who else had good evidence? Your ancestors, and look how that turned out.”
“Like, I already acknowledged our mistakes. A-duh. But every time we’re wrong about the Resurrection, it just shows how much we need to honor Jesus for His awesome mercy. He’s obviously waiting for more people to get saved so all of us can come to Heaven. How can you not see what He’s doing for all of us?”
“All I see is that every time you cry wolf, more people lose faith.”
“Then those people just have to get back on the right track. This is what we’re trying to do with you. You’ve obviously fallen off of God’s path, and we’re trying to help get back on.”
“How? By making me believe in something ‘some guy’ from hundreds of years ago said was what the Bible was trying to say? Are you gonna tell me that I can’t eat a certain thing, dress a certain way, marry a certain person? If I choose to follow those rules, then I will, but don’t force me with laws to follow what you’ve been taught by ‘some guy’s’ interpretation and then say you’re doing God’s work. And if you hold him and Jesus up so high and almighty, then stop trying to do their job. Let them deal with those who don’t believe, if that’s how you want to interpret the afterlife. Everyone finds their way to a religion in their own way, and if they don’t, then they don’t. It’s a simple as that. Believe what you want, but keep your religion out of our laws and our education system. It goes against everything this country stands for.”
Judge Hailey lunged forward and grabbed the Bible on her bench to hold it up. “Our country was founded by God-fearing people! It’s in the Declaration of Independence and our charter and junk. It’s not gonna change, ‘cause these people knew that our laws needed the Bible for a good moral foundation.”
“No, it is going to change. In the way that a church grows strong by having more and more people join its congregation, the same thing applies to the voice of the people. If enough people come together to say what they think is right for them, I guarantee you that this court is not a part of it, and whatever article is in the charter that gives you the power you have today, we’re taking it away for good. And in the future, whatever injustice is still lawful, you can make sure that we’re gonna take that away too because we are gonna do what’s right regardless of religion. And don’t assume that I don’t know that religion is here to stay. I know God will remain in the hearts of whomever wants to believe, but I hope that there’ll come a time when more people realize that they shouldn’t use their beliefs as weapons, as means of control. Religion’s purpose is for coming together and uplifting, not holding down and separating. And I don’t know when it will happen, I can’t promise any kind of a time frame, but my faith is in the good that we’re born with that someday things will change for the better. I’m not trying to convert anyone to or from anything. I just want people to start waking up to the reality of what’s going around them so they can make educated decisions about what is best for themselves, and let these lawmakers know that they need to let go of their antiquated and invariably flawed ways of thinking. We will no longer be sheep at the mercy of their opinions, and we’re gonna make these people in power remember that if they want to be in that position, they listen to us. It’s not the other way around. And I can guarantee that when we begin to come together with the facts along with our faith, things will change for the better. It may not be the perfect New Earth foretold in the Bible, but it’ll be a much better one than the Hell on Earth we’re in now. So, take that and put it in a prophecy. And as for right here and right now, I don’t need anyone else’s morals. I’ve got my own, and I think they’re fine. It’s my choice as to who will judge me and my body, and I don’t remember ever putting you or anyone else in power.”
“Damnnnn!” Tomika cried to the highest corners of the court. She cackled widely and slapped her knee. She got up out of her seat to run up to Jina and yank her by the hand into a hug. “That’s my big sister, right there. Bringing the holy water to burn these hoes. Let me sign up for your church.”
“Tomika!” Trecille shouted. “Girl, sit’cho ass down and get ’choself together before I smack you back to the crucifixion. You must’ve lost your damn mind cursin’ like that in the house of God. You ain’t gonna embarrass me in front of all these white people.”
Tomika, bemused by her mother’s discourtesy in her scolding, pursed her lips and glared at her out of the sides of her eyes. She returned to her seat. “Judge’s lucky I didn’t call out the fact that a lot of the initial states we have were formed out of the desire to believe whatever they wanted without having to go through mess like this,” she mumbled. “Rhode Island, for example—”
“Whatever, nerd! Shut up,” Trecille said.
“Okay, look, I didn’t mean to yell at you,” Judge Hailey said. “I just don’t understand how you can go on about being a good person and junk, and you want to kill an innocent baby. Like, how can you even begin to call yourself a civilized person when you would take the life of a defenseless baby? What kind of monster could even think of doing something like that?”
“Maybe someone who had no choice in the matter? Someone who knows they can’t give the child a good life? Maybe someone who can’t deal with the health effects of pregnancy. There are legitimate reasons why a woman would want an abortion. Can we stop demonizing these people if they want or need one?”
“So, what’s your excuse? You seem able enough to bear a child to me. A holy child, at that. How could you be so selfish to wanna deny the whole world the moment we’ve been waiting for?”
“But it’s just a hunch. There’s no proof that anything in me is holy. There’s barely even any life in me to call it a baby. Whatever is inside me is so small that—” Jina paused and fell into a troubled stare away from Judge Hailey’s sight as she ran back through her thoughts. “Wait a minute, that’s it!” She turned back to the judge. “Judge Hailey, can I request a short recess to make a phone call?”
“For what?”
“On the grounds that science may have made a mistake.”
Judge Hailey’s face burst into bliss. “Oh, yes, sure! By all means, come to my chambers.”
“All rise,” said the acting-bailiff. The people stood, but not without a series of murmurs.
Judge Hailey came down from her bench and led Jina to the room from which she had entered. It was small and somewhat dim despite having a window that was catching the morning’s light. There was a musk in the wood-paneled walls and dark red carpet that undoubtedly had seen years way before the creation of both of the girls, but Jina paid no mind to the smell or sprinklings of dust. She went straight to the phone on a desk to call Dr. Monica.
“Hello, Dr. Monica. It’s Jina Cordova. I’m sorry to bother you, but I just had a question about those results from yesterday. Is it possible that because it’s so early in my pregnancy that the fetus is too small to register in my blood and that could explain why only my DNA showed up in the results?”
“Hmmm, you know, that certainly is a possibility,” said Dr. Monica. “We’ve been trying out this new procedure that’s supposed to be faster and more accurate and less risky to the fetus. And I promise I double-checked the results, but there’s always room for error in these things.”
“So, there’s a chance that there might be a father to this kid and it’s not some immaculate conception or whatever?”
“I’m really sorry you’re going through whatever those people are putting you through. Believe me, I didn’t want to discuss what we had talked about, but my hands were tied.
“I understand. But what do you think about all of this being a mistake?”
“I’d gladly do a retest, but from the concerns you’re expressing, it would probably be a good idea to wait a couple more weeks so there’s a better chance of the baby being detectable in your blood.”
“I really didn’t want to wait too long, you know?”
“I know, but waiting would just be able to close up that window of doubt. Do you think you can get the court date postponed?”
“I really wanted to end this thing, now.” Jina sighed. “But yeah, I guess I can wait. Thank you.” Her last words were nearly whispers. She delicately placed the phone handset back onto the base.
“I seriously don’t get why you’re so upset by this whole sitch,” said Judge Hailey. “I mean do you know how happy I’d be to be carrying Jesus? This is an honor; you shouldn’t be so sad.”
“Maybe it’s an honor to you, but as I’ve said, I don’t believe in  the story of Jesus, so it makes absolutely no sense for me to be carrying the second coming. And for the record, there’s a chance that this is even a holy baby.”
“God works in mysterious ways. There’s gotta be something special about you for him to choose you. He wants you to believe. It’s like you said: Everyone finds their way to religion differently. There’s gotta be a reason why He’d want you to be the new Virgin Mary.”
Jina sat on the edge of the desk and folded her arms. “But I don’t want to be the new Virgin Mary. Why can’t I just be pseudo-virgin Jina and get on with the rest of my life?”
Judge Hailey made a little laugh laced with dubiety. “What do you mean ‘pseudo-virgin’? You’re either a virgin or you aren’t.”
“Well, I guess I’m not one, because I’ve had sex plenty of times. Just not in the way that usually gets girls pregnant.”
“What? Like girl-girl stuff?”
“No. Well, yes, but I mean not-vaginal-sex with a guy.”
“What, like a blowjob?”
Jina sighed. “Anal,” she whispered.
“Oh, my God, ewwww, you let a guy do that to you?! But you poop from there!”
“I’m well aware.”
“For God’s sake, if you wanted to stay a virgin so badly, why didn’t you just do a handjob and touch yourself like a normal girl?”
“I can’t believe we’re even talking about this.”
“Why didn’t you tell us that you’ve had that kind of sex in the first place? Like, we probably could’ve re-viriginized you and gone on with the case if you had done it the normal way, but there’s no way you’re the chosen one, now. I don’t think God would choose somebody who voluntarily gets sodomized.”
“Okay, first, I don’t need a re-virgin-ing; I still am one.”
“If you say so.”
“And second, besides the fact that I didn’t wanna share my sex life with a bunch of strangers, I actually came here to prove a point to the public.” She reached back to the knot of her hair bow and pulled a pill from it. It was black on the top half and white on the bottom half.
“What’s that?”
“It’s a special blend of spices and stuff that is supposed to induce a miscarriage. I was gonna take it to prove my point that it’s my body and it’s my choice with what I do with it.”
“Are you crazy? You can’t give yourself a miscarriage in this court. Do you know that I could’ve sent you to jail for that? Not to mention you could’ve made yourself sick and junk.”
“I know, I know. I don’t even want to do it now. I was just so high on my morals and ready to get rid of this thing, but after standing before you, I couldn’t help but think about what kind of future I was taking away. Like, if I did have this baby, could it grow up to change the world? Could it be one of those people that I said was gonna make the world better? It’s like I frickin’ changed my own mind while trying to defend myself against you. And now, I just wanna know who the father is, since we established it’s not Jesus.”
“You know, they say doubt is one of the devil’s tools and as soon as you doubt, he wins. But your doubt was understandable. And I get your fear too, ‘cause I was in your shoes once.”
“What do you mean? You were pregnant too?”
“Almost.” Judge Hailey sat next to Jina on the desk’s edge. “I was, like, almost 16 when I did it with this guy, and he told me that if you spray soda in your vagina right after sex, it totally kills all the sperm and junk.”
“Eww! You could've probably, like, got a yeast infection from that.”
“Well, yeah, I know now. But the point is that I was getting signs that I might have been pregnant so I got one of those home test kits and by the grace of God, it came up negative. But while I was waiting, the thought of abortion did cross my mind. Like, not even adoption. I didn’t even want it to get that far, you know? And then I hated myself for even thinking about doing something like that, and I guess, when you came before me with your case, I just saw that girl that I used to be, and it just made me angry that I used to be so stupid. And I guess I was just taking it out on you. I mean just knowing that you wanted an abortion is the only reason I volunteered to preside over this thing. So, I guess we both had some pretty foul intents going into this thing, huh?”
Jina did not answer.
“And I get why you think this whole thing is dumb. A lot of people outside of the Valley think we’re stupid for sticking so closely to the teachings of the Bible, especially when there’s so much science-y stuff out there to say otherwise. And I probably seem like the stupidest of the stupid to you. Just another dumb blonde. I mean even though I’m a brunette.”
“I don’t think you’re dumb.”
“Well, everyone at my old schools did, and I just felt like I wasn’t good at anything in life. And after that pregnancy scare, that’s when I started coming to the church regularly and really paying attention to what the Bible was saying. I just needed the energy and the support of these people to really pick myself up and turn my life around. And now I’m going to Ellenwood Community before I go on to Michigan State. It’s like that for a lot of people in our congregation. We all go through the worst crap in our lives and just knowing that if you stay devoted to a religion, it’ll all be worth it in the end, that’s what fuels our passion, you know? I will admit that there a lot of people in the world that take their devotion way too far, and I’m sorry about that. And I guess that’s what happened here today. This glimmer of a shot at the ultimate goal of being a Christian, you gave it to us. You gave us so much hope that all of this was worth it, but even if you aren’t the bearer of the second coming, it’s okay. We just have to wait a little longer, I guess. God has a different plan. But of all this stuff, the last thing I want you to do is to leave here thinking that we’re jerks. We just got a little excited and went overboard. It happens; we’re only human and we make mistakes. God loves all His children, so He must be pretty disappointed with the way we were treating you today. So, forget the trial. Just go home and figure out what you wanna do.”
“What if I want to take the pill?”
Judge Hailey turned her gaze to the curled fibers in the floor. Her hands resting in her lap, tightened around each other. “I guess that’s your choice, darling. But I... I just don’t agree with it. Case closed.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Jina laid in her bed again, now with her bitter pill waiting to be swallowed. She had spent the hours following the court appearance swinging scales in her mind up and down, weighing the options and outcomes of life and death. Though her capsule was black and white, to her, everything was now a muddled mess. 18 years. 18 years. Either responsibility or ruefulness would have her for 18 years. She hoped to resolve which choice would sit less on her heart, but in her contemplation, what continuously came to the forefront of her mind was how nigh effortless her life had been up to this point. What she wanted, she got, and what worked against her somehow in one way or another got solved, and for the first time, she felt that she had finally come to a predicament that was truly bigger than she. She wondered if in her conversation with Judge Hailey, had the girl used her words to somehow drive her mind towards her views of keeping the kid? And if there had been some furtive trickery on the judge’s part, should she go ahead with inducing the miscarriage without feeling evil for wanting the miscarriage, or would there be malice in seemingly doing it out of spite to somebody she had only known for approximately fifteen minutes? But how could it be spite when that option was what she had decided on initially? But then she changed her mind. But did she? She could no longer discern the difference between what she wanted to do and what everyone else wanted her to do. Her brain felt as if it were on the verge of a breakdown.
Willow hopped up onto the bed and curled up next to Jina for her to gently stroke his back. She pondered whether he could or could not sense how uneasy she felt, but it was most likely that he was just ready to rest after finishing a meal a few minutes ago. He had done the same thing the night she brought him home and she investigated what would be correct for his diet. Remembering the moment reminded her of when she looked up the ingredients in her pill. It was as if her mind would not keep away from the issue until she had come to a concrete conclusion, so, once again, she replayed all that followed yesterday’s morning. The vomit, the nurse, the doctor, the trial, the humiliation, the headaches, the research, the trip to the store, the late night during which she mixed the pill’s contents together, and the talk with Judge Hailey. She cringed at the pride she had felt while holding her cure created just over twelve hours ago. The second thought appeared to her like a cinematic scene in which some scoundrel mixed up baking soda and contraband in a Pyrex brand dish with intent to poison his people without remorse. She felt that if she had committed that public abortion, it would have been less like a political statement and more like a spectacle to stain the principles for which she stood. But she did not stand for those views anymore. But she wanted to. Or did she? What was even right to her anymore? Her brain felt as if it were on the verge of a breakdown.
Jina needed something to take her mind out of the flips and loops in which it was stuck on doing. “Tomika!” she called out. Immediately, from down the hall, she heard a grunt of effort that she assumed to be her sister throwing herself out of the position of comfort in which she was. And from hearing how rapid the audible footfalls were, she was now hurrying from her bedroom.
“What’s up, light-skin?” Tomika said as she arrived at the door.
Jina gestured for Tomika to come into the room. She did and she crawled onto the foot of Jina’s bed to lie flat on her stomach. “Tomika, you know how you said Cassadee tricked you and Jizzelle into coming into the afterlife? Well, what was it like down there? Like, what do you think will happen if I take this pill and do this abortion?”
“Should you be taking that thing anyway? What’s even in it?”
“It’s fine. It’s mostly stuff you’d put in your dinner or dessert, and some other stuff. Now, tell me, what do you think will happen?”
“I think that I shouldn’t tell you anything.”
“Please. Can’t you just tell me one thing about what it’s like down there? Does God actually exist?”
“I’m not telling you anything, Jina. I want you to take what you know about the world, what you believe about the world, and make your decision from there. All I’ll say is that whatever you wanna do, I’m with you one hundred percent. You wanna keep it? I’ll be Auntie Tomika. If you don’t, I’m still your baby sister. I can’t speak for mom, but I really don’t think she’d kick you out or anything. I mean you shook down a mobster and helped rob a bank, and you’re still here, right? That’s some unconditional love, right there, and nothing’s gonna change that. And if you believe in only one thing, believe in our love and that we’re always gonna be here for you. Not every kid can say that, you know? And when you are ready to have a kid—whether that’s now or later—we’re gonna make sure he or she knows the exact same thing. So, just do what feels right to you. We’re gonna love you.” She pointed to her ear. “Regardless.”
Jina chuckled. “Thank you.” She straightened her posture and sat cross-legged. With her forefinger and thumb, she picked up the pill to hold it before her sights. “I don’t know how all this started, but I guess this is how I want it to end.” She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, tossed the tiny capsule to the back of her mouth, and let her throat shove it down into her stomach. It did nothing to abate her nerve’s tension. If anything, it worsened the anxiety as, now, the wait was in effect. Would it work? Would it make her sick? Remorse crept back up.
“So... now what?” Tomika said.
“I don’t know,” Jina said softly. “I guess, I— Aaagghh!” A pain akin to the violence of a dagger tore through Jina’s pelvis and crippled any words waiting to leave her mouth.
“Jina! Jina, what’s wrong?” As Willow was startled out of his rest and scampered from the bed, Tomika rolled off of her spot and went to Jina’s side. “Is it a cramp or something? Should I call mom?”
No words could come forth. Only anguished groans kicked out as she wrapped her arms under her stomach. Jina strained to unfold her legs and crawled to the side of the bed away from Tomika. She fought through more bolts of sharp agony and a boulder-like heaviness on her lower organs to pull herself to the floor and scramble off to the hallway. Tomika chased after, watching the streams of blood that had begun to flood down the inside of Jina’s legs. They speckled the carpet. Jina shoved the bathroom door open and collapsed to the rug on the floor where she screamed through clenched teeth as the pressure on her insides drained with one great bloody emission. It felt warm deep into her skirt and cold down her limbs, but sticky all over.
Tomika stopped at the door and cringed. “Eugghh. ...You okay? It looks like you just splooged out a year’s worth of periods at once. Was that supposed to happen?”
Jina was breathing hard. “I guess.... I don’t know.” She dragged herself out of her puddle to sit up against the corner of the wall where it met the bathtub and tilted her head back. “God, I hope I didn’t just ruin anything down there. I should've just gone to a clinic to let the professionals handle it. But I guess it doesn’t matter, ‘cause mamí’s gonna kill me when she comes home anyway. This was a stupid idea. I just wish I knew if I’m doing the right thing or not.”
“Well, look on the bright side. If ever we need the flag of Japan, now we have one.”
Jina looked at the white, rectangular rug now stained with a near perfect circle of red in its center and groaned. “Can you put a pause on the comedy tour for a second and get me one of the old towels from the closet?”
“You want me to get you some juice and cookies too?”
“Just go.”
Tomika backed out to the hall to start off to the closet a few steps away, but right in her path was the surprise of Willow, holding Jina’s phone in his mouth. She could see the “new message” graphic on the screen, so she crouched down and took the device from him. “Thank you, sweetie,” she said while giving him a gentle scratch under the chin. She began her little trip to the closet again, all the while reading the message. The words left her frozen and amused. “Oh, my goddess, no way! No way, Jina!” she called out.
“What’s wrong?”
Tomika came back to the bathroom doorway. Willow came to sit by her feet, poised and upright. “Dude, Jayla just sent you a text, and you won’t even believe what it says.”
“What did she say?”
“She said: ’I know you’re going through some serious stuff, right now, but do you remember that essay contest from back in September?’”
Jina’s mouth dropped open. “Tomika, no. Shut up. No way.”
“’Well, I won. So, if you’d like a little getaway, I have tickets to Japan with your family’s names on them. Call me.’”
“Tomika, say you swear that text is real.”
“It’s real.” Tomika handed the phone to Jina.
Jina’s doubt blossomed into enough delight to overshadow aching left under stomach as she pushed herself to sit up on the edge of the bathtub. “Oh, my god, we’re going to Japan? Seriously?”
“It sure sounds like it.”
Both girls were sporting great smiles, but they scaled them back when their eyes were drawn back to the bloody rug. The circle’s color had begun to deepen into a bit of a brownish color.
Jina chuckled uneasily. “You don’t think it’s a sign, do you? I mean it’s gotta be like a coincidence, right?”
Tomika shrugged. “Well, I... I guess that’s up to you.”




Chapter Fourteen
Girigiri HERO


“Konbanwa, Nippon! Ogenki desu ka?!” Jayla called. Her face was at the zenith of smiling as she threw her arms out as if she were ready to hug all of the islands of Japan. She led a charge of anonymous faces, with whom she had just shared the flight, as they exited the jet bridge from the plane. But behind her and the other passengers was the contrary to her emotion in Jina, Tomika, Miyoung, Steffennie, and Trecille who, with their light luggage slung over their shoulders and rolling along behind, all shuffled along a bit more sluggishly after the 12 hour flight that lacked a bit in comfort thanks in part to the axiom of there having to be at least one perpetually upset child on the craft. In addition to the screams echoing lightly on their eardrums and pulsing within the folds of their brains, their bodies were still conditioned to feel that it was 5:47 AM as it was in the States rather than the 6:47 PM that was being displayed on clocks there.
Sprightly enough for the whole company, Jayla dashed over to a window that stretched nearly the entire length of one of the walls of the arrival hall and absorbed the scene of the Land of the Rising Sun as the sun started its setting while a small drizzle of rain came down. There really was nothing more to see through the speckled panes other than the airport ramp and a dark and blurry faraway horizon of foliage, but Jayla’s ecstasy drew from simply having her feet touching the foreign ground, as it had been a childhood dream of hers to travel to the islands to experience all she knew they could offer. “I can’t even believe it. I’m actually here in Japan,” she said before a soft squeal.
“Yep...,” said Tomika who came up to Jayla’s side to also observe the landscape a couple of stories down. “The one place on Earth with more pervs and schoolgirls on CPT per capita.”
“Tomika, you know that’s just an over-exaggerated caricature in Japanese entertainment that gets exported to our country. Japan is a polite and traditional nation with an extremely noble history.”
Tomika made a dismissive wave. “Ain’t nobody here for that stuff. I can Wikipedia that history junk. I’m here for depressed businessmen, panty vending machines, and those too tan blonde chicks that I don’t like. I even printed out a Super Happy Fun Time Bingo card for all the weird stuff we’re gonna see.” Tomika reached into her backpack and pulled from it a card with a 5 by 5 grid on it, decorated with smiling squid and cat cartoons and sushi. “Look, the free space is rice. Isn’t that cute?”
“Jina, come get your sister,” Jayla said with a small chuckle. She turned and saw Jina with her concentration on her mobile phone, smiling at what was on the screen. “Jina?” she called out again.
Caught in a bit of surprise, Jina raised her head. “Oh, sorry. What did you say, Jay? I was just reading this text from Pepper. She woke up early to make sure I had a safe flight. Isn’t that so sweet of her?” She looked back at the message and giggled a bit as she moved the left side of her hair to behind her ear.
Tomika sneered. “Only you? Damn, I guess what significance I had to her in September is just gone out the window, huh?”
“Okay, chicas,” said Trecille with the group’s passports and other documentations in hand, “Steffennie and I got all our papers together so let’s get over to the immigration desk and check in so we can hurry up and get our other bags. I don’t want no depressed businessmen taking my panties.”
Tomika perked to an exuberant smirk and gestured to Trecille as Jayla dropped her head and groaned. “Baka... baka everywhere,” she grumbled under her breath.
The ladies made the walk to the international arrivals area and took their places in the queue of many other tourists waiting to get their identification verified, but though the line was fairly lengthy, the multiple agents on duty kept everything moving apace. When it was their turn to come up to the counter, Trecille handed their items over to the agent who greeted them with a smile and salutation. “Welcome to Japan,” she said while she compared the passports two at a time to the faces in the group. “For what reason are you here and how long will you be staying?”
“Just for tonight, tomorrow, and Monday,” said Trecille. “We’re here for the Asian Music Celebration and some sightseeing. My daughter’s friend won this all-expense paid trip in a contest.”
“Oh, Jayla Cooke, of course! We have been expecting you and your party. Hold on for one second, please.” While she continued processing their information, the agent picked up the phone on the counter and held a brief exchange spoken in Japanese. After finishing, she retrieved from a drawer a small folder with pictures of different stores and restaurants located in the city on it. “Here you go, Miss Cooke. This is for you.” She handed the folder to Jayla.
Within the booklet, Jayla found a gold card with her name on it. “What’s this?” she asked.
“That grants you special deals at the stores and restaurants who are sponsoring the event. Also, Hachi Hotel concierge service is expediting the clearance of your luggage and will have it waiting for you up in your room in the hotel right at the end of the terminal here. Per our not finding any security issues of course.”
“Wow. Oh, my goodness, thank you,” Jayla said.
“No problem. Now, let’s get some fingerprints and photographs and you’ll be on your way to enjoying your stay.”
After all the scans and flashes of having profiles added to the airport system, the ladies swapped a portion of their money for Japanese currency and were finally on the outset of their vacation. Tomika and Jayla’s smiles and eyes widened as they stepped into the warm, golden glow of lights nested in the roof of each of the stories of various shops and restaurants in the closely united shopping area of the terminal, but Jina found her delight in the trading of texts with Pepper. Retail to the left and right and hardly any of it all could part her from the pixels of pleasantries from her girlfriend. Tomika and Jayla, however, were ready to dart off to do a marathon visiting of every area of the mini-mall, but, in bringing back to mind the strolling and socializing public around them and the rules of a nation that they did not call home, they kept their glee reeled in as much as possible.
“Oh, my God! Mom, we’ve got to go that bookstore,” said Jayla.
“Oh, my goddess! Mom, I’ve got to go that McDonald’s,” said Tomika.
“Oh, my God, Steffennie! Duty free alcohol,” said Trecille.
Steffennie laughed. “All right, everyone, just calm down for a second. Maybe we should check in to our room first. I mean it’s not like we’re too far from this place anyway.”
Trecille blew out a sigh with a degree of disappointment lacing it. “Yeah, Steff’s right, I guess. Let’s make sure our stuff is safe, and then we’ll come back, okay?”
With sullenness to share, the girls acceded, and the group trekked on. Nary a savory smell, bottle, or volume of literature with its tangy musk of ink would be left out of mind as they put them behind when entering through the doors of the airport’s attached hotel: the Hachi Hotel. The clamor of amplified announcements and chatter of travelers in transit was verily subdued within the commodious lobby made mellow with its low, amber lights and lilting melodies piped in by speakers in the ceiling. The ladies walked to an available clerk who was standing decorously in her black blazer and skirt and pink ascot. “Welcome to Hachi Hotel,” she said, smiling. Her native inflection was coming through in her speaking.
“Konnichiwa,” said Trecille. “Wait, is that how you say ‘hi’?”
“Hai,” the receptionist responded.
“Oh, you guys say ‘hi’ here, too?”
“No. Well, yes. But hai: yes.”
Trecille’s brow furrowed from confusion. “Wait, what? Do you say ‘hi’ here, yes or no?”
“Some, yes, but konnichiwa: good day. Hai: yes. Not like—” She waved. “Hai is yes, okay. Understand?”
Trecille stood staring, puzzled still. “Okay, so ‘hi’—”
Tomika rolled her eyes. “Lord, somebody help this woman before it turns into another ‘Kelly Hu’s on first’ situation.”
“Hai, H-A-I, means ‘yes’, Ms. Cordova,” said Jayla. “She was  just saying that some people do say ‘hi’, H-I, as in a salutation, and konnichiwa means ‘good day’ which you did say correctly. ...Well, correct enough.”
“Ohh, okay.” Right after her second of clarity, Trecille swapped her face for one a shade peeved. She leaned in to the receptionist and said tersely, “You know you could’ve said yes in the beginning.”
“You greeted me in Japanese, so I answer you in Japanese.”
“Don’t get smart with me.”
Steffennie stepped in front of Trecille and chuckled sheepishly. “Please excuse her. She’s just a little irritable from the flight. We’re here as the winners of the Asian Music Celebration contest. Our room reservation should be under Cooke. C-O-O-K-E.”
“The contest winners?!” cried a voice from a far part of the lobby behind the group.
The ladies turned around and saw a woman dressed in the same outfit as the receptionist, rushing quite frantically up to them with a white-glove-donned bellhop trailing. He was pushing their luggage on a cart. The woman stopped right before the ladies and threw herself into a low bow with her hands resting on top of each other at the front of her waist. “Welcome to Japan and welcome to the Hachi Hotel,” she said quickly.
The bellhop stumbled and tripped, setting his cart out on a trip straight for the woman he was trailing.
“I am your concierge, Nana—” Right on the speaking of her name, she felt a sharp shove to her backside from the cart that was well in motion. She, then, lost her footing and flailed with her falling into an inevitable face-first collision course with Trecille’s bosom, but with a swift hand, Trecille caught the lady by the face at mere centimeters from the top button of her jacket. “Nakamura,” Nana continued, her voice muffled in Trecille’s palm.
Trecille pushed Nana backwards into the arms of the bellhop who helped her back to standing straight. She centered her glasses on her face and bowed low again. “My apologies for my clumsiness.”
“Whatever,” Trecille said flatly.
Nana remained bowed. “And my apologies for your not having a room.”
“Excuse me?!” Trecille cried.
Nana rose and showed on her face the sorrow set in her voice. “I’m sorry. We had a bit of a booking error and there are no more rooms left to accommodate your party. But I will happily help you find another hotel nearby.”
“I wanna speak to your manager,” said Trecille.
“Oh, my goodness, no, please! We’ve had enough mistakes in the past week. Mr. Ashinoyubi is already very upset with us.”
“Maybe we should just go to another hotel, Ms. Cordova,” said Jayla. “It’s not a big deal.”
Trecille raised her hand to Jayla, and said sternly to Nana, “I... wanna speak... to... the manager.”
Nana sighed and hung her head. “Very well. Follow me, please.” She led them to the side of the lobby directly opposite of the entrance and turned a corner to head down to a door at the end of the hall with a placard that read “Ashinoyubi Sukida, manager” in Roman script and Katakana. Nana gave a couple of timid taps on the door. “Moushiwake gozaimasen, Ashinoyubi-sama... Ohanashi shitai koto—”
“Kiero!” spoke a gruff voice. “Ima isogashii desu.”
“But Ashinoyubi-sama—”
“Chikusho! Sassato kiero!”
“Damn it, I’ll handle this,” said Trecille. She cast Nana aside and kicked the door in, splintering the wood in the door frame around the latch hole. The man whipped his head up from his desk full of papers in surprise.
“You know you could’ve just opened the door,” said Miyoung.
Ignoring Miyoung, Trecille walked up to the little man with short, graying hair, and a trance-like gaze melted into his slightly wrinkled face. “Look here, Mr. Abiyoyo, or whatever your name is, this kind and intelligent little girl right here put all she had into her essay to win this contest ‘cause she had a dream of visiting your weird-ass country. Now, if y’all are supposed to be all about honor and all that crap, then I suggest you honor this girl’s effort and find us a room.”
“Welp,” said Tomika, “this was a fun thirty minutes in Japan. Glad I enjoyed it ‘cause it doesn’t look like we’re gonna be allowed back in here anytime soon.”
Mr. Ashinoyubi slowly rose from his seat, his unwavering stare focused beyond Trecille’s rage. “Oh, my God... Jina Cordova?”
Hearing her name from an unfamiliar voice put a shock of apprehension shooting through her entire body, Jina brought her head up from her phone and saw the man treading lightly in his approaching her.
“How do you know my daughter?” Trecille asked. Mr. Ashinoyubi breezed past her and did not evince an answer.
Mr. Ashinoyubi stopped right before Jina who was wearing a mix of unease and embarrassment on her face and bowed before her. “Jina-chan, it is an honor to have you here before me in my hotel. I am biggest fan of you on the Twitter and Facebook.”
Jina shifted her eyes from side to side and chuckled a bit. She leaned back to keep some distance between herself and the man. “Um... okay? Thank you?”
“No. You do not understand what you do. I feel very upset from difficult work schedule, but your pictures—the ones when you get new shoes—they make me very happy.”
“If I let you touch her feet, will you find us a room?” Trecille asked. The offer immediately educed from Mr. Ashinoyubi a great smile. He whipped around to face Trecille.
“Mamí!” Jina cried, horrified.
“I will do whatever you say for opportunity. I will let you stay at my home. Much better than hotel. Bigger rooms and lovely onsen.”
“Jina, come sit on this desk and let this man touch your feet.”
“Ms. Cordova, you can’t be serious,” said Steffennie.
“This is between me and her, Steff. She killed my grandbaby while I was out getting salad dressing, so this is her punishment.”
“Oh, my god, mamí, you said you weren’t mad. You said you were okay with my decision.”
“I lied. I’ve really been stewing since you told me what you did, letting my anger bide and grow stronger in the trenches of my mind, waiting for the right moment to spring the consequences of disappointment on you. And now it’s time to feel my wrath! Sit on the desk. Sit... on... the desk.”
“It’s my body, mamí. I should be able to decide what I do with it, and if I didn’t want to have a baby, then you should just deal with it.”
“I made that body. As far as I’m concerned, you’re just renting that uterus. Now, get over here and let this man finesse your feet before I beat you back over the Pacific.”
Jina sucked her teeth and rolled her eyes before stomping over to the desk to sit up on it with her arms crossed and mumbling angrily. “No licking,” she ordered firmly to the man.
“Oh, yes, of course,” said Mr. Ashinoyubi. He bowed quickly to Trecille and thanked her. Then, he did the same for Jina and fell to his knees to undo the laces on her ankle-high, high-heeled boots.
“I really don’t think this is proper, Ashinoyubi-sama,” said Nana softly.
“I will decide what is proper!” 
Nana went into a small cower.
Mr. Ashinoyubi smiled at Jina. “And might I add how much I love American boisterousness of you and mother. Very sexy. Very sexy. Not like women here. “
Jina groaned with disgust and put her sight on a part of the room that was away from Mr. Ashinoyubi’s joy. Jina’s body dropped into a newer low of discomfort as she felt her shoes being slipped off before hearing a long gratified moan as the man took her feet by the ankles to slide her soles around on his cheeks, the gliding aided by the silky material of her tights.
Tomika leaned over to Jayla and held up her bingo card. She wore a smug grin. “Depressed businessman: check. Pervert: double check. We stick with this guy and I’ll finish this thing in no time.”
“Baka... baka everywhere,” Jayla grumbled under her breath.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Partly through the ride to Mr. Ashinoyubi’s home, chauffeured in three of the airport’s finest cars, the ladies began to wonder if the nigh hour-long drive from Ota, Tokyo to Yokohama, Kanagawa was worth the trouble. Jayla, for one in any case, appreciated the lengthy cruise through the expressways as the sky faded to night and heightened the iridescence of all around them through the complex congestion of the cities. It allowed her to account the details of that which she dreamed of seeing in person and build a beautiful memory to overlay her hopes she had. But the features of the suburb in which their destination was located proved to be exacting aside everything she had seen, as they were a stark difference. They were just as narrow as the city streets, but very dark and quiet. She would undoubtedly remember them, but their present legacy would be more in eeriness than beauty.
One step into Mr. Ashinoyubi’s house and the outside was quickly lost in the ladies. The place carried their breath well away across the roofs of the houses over which it looked from the view of the back terrace holding an artificial hot spring. Inside, the mix of modern and traditional architecture looked fit for holding contents of a museum more than a place to dwell, as it boasted such very white walls; beige floors of bamboo in the kitchen, living room, and dining room; and just a greatly unexpected openness throughout the home. The ladies left their shoes at the front door, thanked the man for his hospitality, and proceeded to indulge in the invite to make their selves at home to the highest degree just below imposing. But it was a high fantasy of Mr. Ashinoyubi’s to play host to citizens of the States. The louder and cruder, the better. There was a desirable exoticism in nearly all that they did and because of that, they could do no wrong under his roof.
Per Tomika’s fervent request for any kind of fried seafood, dinner consisted of good-ass tempura shrimp in udon noodle soup. Sitting on the floor at a traditional dining table, Jayla, Jina, Miyoung and Nana consumed their food with an expert control of the chopsticks while Trecille, Steffennie and Tomika drew laughter from everyone in their struggles to use the utensils. Mr. Ashinoyubi took the most pleasure from Trecille being unapologetic after her curses on the use of the tools persisting into current times of Asian culture. And for Miyoung and Jayla, they were no aspersions from her with which they were not already acquainted. It was a good hour of high spirits and photo ops, and not even Nana’s accident of a small spill of the scalding soup onto Mr. Ashinoyubi’s lap could completely deaden the joy.
A little time after the meal, the ladies went about their different ways of unwinding. Tomika forewent completing the homework she brought with her and had a bowl of peach-flavored ice cream while watching a television drama with a plot that she could follow despite not knowing much of what was being said. Jina stretched out on the couch and begrudgingly let Mr. Ashinoyubi give her a gentle foot rub while she texted with Pepper who was on her lunch break at school. The more she ignored him, the greater the “pleasure” he drew.
“Are you sure you’re okay with leaving your girls in there with him?” Miyoung asked Trecille as she focused on the man’s lecherous grin through the patio door. She poured herself another serving of sake and leaned back against the smooth stony wall of the hot spring to luxuriate in the soothing warmth rippling against her bare body.
“Now you know those girls can handle themselves better than I can,” Trecille said, naked as well.
“And yet, they’re still so very frightened of you.”
“Yeah, that’s the power of motherhood.” Trecille took a swig from her own bottle of sake and held it out to Steffennie who was sitting beside the spring, fully-clothed, with her pants’ legs rolled up and her legs in the water.
“No, I’m okay, Ms. Cordova.”
“Oh, come on, Steff, we’re on vacation. Have a drink, and get in the water with us. We’re all women here.”
“I’d rather not.”
Trecille shrugged and took another swig.
Miyoung sighed contentedly. “You know, when I was a child, and my family left Japan, I swore I’d never return. And when Jayla came to me with this contest thing, I admit I was a tad skeptical, but this all worked out great.”
“Excuse me if this comes off as rude but I thought you were Korean,” said Steffennie.
“Oh, I am. I’m what they call a ‘Zanichi Korean’. It’s sorta like how Africans were brought to America and then their descendents born in America are called African-Americans. My grandparents came from Korea to Japan for work during World War II and then my parents and I were born here.”
“So, why did you say you swore you’d never come back?”
“My grandparents tried to leave Japan a long time ago. There was a lot of discrimination against Koreans; the Japanese kinda wanted us forget our heritage and identities and become more like them. And life was just really difficult for them, you know? My parents didn’t want me to go through what they and their parents went through so we came to America when I was four years old in 1975. And Japan tried to make up for all the crap, but it was just one big political mess, and even though South Koreans were treated ‘better’ than northerners, my family just didn’t want to deal with all of that stuff. And now we’re all naturalized Americans so it’s all good.”
“Oh, my goodness, I had no idea. Does Jayla know about this? I mean she seems so enamored with Japanese culture.”
Miyoung sighed. “I don’t know. She might have come across it in her studies, but I’ve never really talked to her about it. All she knows is that I was born here, and maybe that’s where the allegiance comes from. I know I should’ve told her a long time ago, but I just didn’t want to take from her one of the main things that makes her happy. And plus, I don’t even know anything about my own heritage to try to tell her to be proud to be Korean. I mean I’ve tried to learn some Korean things, but all I’ve known is America since I was a little girl, and my parents grew up in Japan so they barely know anything to tell her too. And Martin barely talks to her about being black. I do feel like there’s a great dissociation between her and her heritage, but I just don’t know what to do.”
“Just talk to her,” said Trecille. “She’s a big girl.”
“She’s a fragile girl, right now. She just came out to me last year, and on top of that, Martin and I have just been arguing so much. I know it’s getting to her. And it's not like I want to yell all the time, but he gets me so upset every day. But whatever. I'm on vacation; I don't wanna worry about that. The point is I know I made the mistake of not emphasizing the importance of knowing what it means to be black, Korean, and a woman in today’s society to Jayla, but I don’t want to put too much on her at once, you know?”
“I get that you wanna protect your little girl,” said Trecille. “You wanna keep the world from hurting her, but sending her out into this white man’s world without pride in her identity is one of the worst things you could do. No offense to your rich, white daddy, Steffennie.”
“None taken at all. I agree with you. Jayla needs to know.”
“I know,” said Miyoung. “I’ll try to talk to her about everything when we get back. I don’t wanna ruin her fun right now.” She poured a little bit more sake out into her cup to drink. “But I will admit, after hearing all the things my parents told me about the way they were treated by the Japanese, having this Ashinoyubi guy ingratiate himself to us the way he has is some pretty sweet payback.” She tossed her sip back into her mouth.
“Amen to that,” said Trecille. “If there’s one thing I love, it’s being catered to by men who have absolutely no shot at this fine piece of Latin artistry.” She chugged down some more sake and belched.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

On a couch catching the glow of a lamp, Jayla sat with her back to the arm and used her thighs to prop up her sketchpad on which she doodled a set of creatures and people in different poses. She had come into the room to search a wall-length bookcase abound with a selection of literature, but after ten pages into a tale, she decided that she needed to put her thoughts out rather than take in those of another.
Nana came to the door. “Oh, there you are. I thought you went to bed. You know our tour of Shibuya starts early tomorrow.”
“I know. I was getting ready to go to bed. I just like to draw a little bit before I sleep. Can’t get better without practice, right?”
“Oh, you draw? Do you mind showing me a picture or two?”
Jayla prefaced her apprehension with an uneasy smile. “I’d rather not. It’s nothing against you. It’s just that I kinda consider this stuff personal.” She closed the book.
“Oh, no, of course. I understand. But have you been enjoying your visit to Japan so far?”
“It’s literally a dream come true.”
Nana could feel under Jayla’s smile and gaze refusing anything more than a few seconds of meeting that there was something wanting to be said. “But something’s wrong?”
“Oh, no! No! There’s nothing wrong.” Jayla felt a stinging in her stomach. It was the kind that always came after second guessing her choices of words in conversations with almost anyone she spoke to.
“I’m sorry if I’m prying, but you just seem a little upset. If there’s anything I can do for you, just name it. That’s my job.”
“Well... would you call yourself open-minded?”
“Oh, yes, yes, very.” Nana hurried to the couch to sit on the half unoccupied by Jayla. “What do you wanna talk about?”
“You know my friend, Jina? Well, I kinda have this little—I guess one would say—’crush’ on her and—”
Nana’s eyes widened. “Ohmigod, ohmigod!” she cried while rapidly fluttering her hands. She covered her mouth and brought her voice down to a low volume. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. Go ahead.” She squealed a bit and rested her head in her hands, arms propped up on knees. Her whole body sat in anticipation for the next word from the girl hiding her embarrassed smile.
“It’s just that there’s something so enchanting about her. Just look at what happened when Mr. Ashinoyubi saw her. She just has that effect on people. She’s had that effect on me since we met when we were little kids.”
“Oh, my God,” Nana squealed.
“But she’s dating this other girl, right now.”
Nana gasped. “Oh, no.”
“Yeah, and she’s a hundred times cooler than I could hope to be. And she’s a year older than Jina, and she’s just basically everything that she wants in a girl. I’m just a really close friend to her. And I’m afraid that’s all I’ll ever be. I mean there’s nothing wrong with that. I like being her friend, but I guess what I’m asking you is if you have any ideas on what I can do while we’re here that’s so romantic that she just sees me in a completely different light.”
“Jayla-chan, I know exactly how you feel. Don’t tell Ashinoyubi-sama but I’ve kinda had feelings for him since I began working for him, and I can’t tell you how many times I’ve prayed that one day he’d notice me. You know, in a way more than just an employee? And, oh, my God, for him to let me stay here with you guys tonight, I just don’t know what to do with myself. Drinking from his cups, lying in his bedsheets, sitting on his toilet! It’s almost too much for a young lady to handle.”
“You’ve been doing a good job of keeping your composure.”
“Months of practice, Jayla-chan. But obviously, you can see he has a fetish for Western women. And it's just so not cool, too. I mean how could somebody feel comfortable reducing an entire country's women to some perverse fantasy based off of stereotypical mannerisms?” She sighed. “Nevertheless, I like him, and his little problem hasn't deterred me from trying to think of things that I can do to get his attention.”
“Have you tried being a bit more assertive?”
“I have, and it almost got me fired. But I won’t give up hope. And neither should you, Jayla-chan, because I believe true love will always triumph when you believe in its power.”
“Kinda hard to believe in love when it’s obvious it’s unrequited.”
“Unrequited... for now. But tonight, you and I are gonna come up with the most amazingly foolproof plan to lure our loves into the arms of everlasting romance. Okay, let’s think.” Nana folded her arms and leaned back to settle into the contour of the couch as she stared off to the wall to concentrate deeply.
Jayla opened her sketchbook and dove back into her thoughts on sight of one of her favorite sketches. It was a simple depiction of a lily and a daisy with their stems intertwining into the shape of a heart. As the lily was Jayla’s favorite flower and the daisy was Jina’s, it was the tattoo she said she would get if she and Jina ever made the jump into a deeper relationship. But for now, it was just a symbol of a fantasy, a wish, a thought. Oftentimes, Jayla would flip through her sketches and wonder if the amount of objects and scenes drawn from inspiration of a future with the girl bordered on an unhealthy obsession, but she did not know the rules of love. Maybe the constant thoughts were common among people her age. She was afraid to ask. Her comfort with talking with Nana came only from sensing a genuine compassion within her and a reticence akin to how she had been feeling for most of her life. Speaking with Nana was like a discussion with a future self.
But this future self was still shy, alone, and pining. It was the scenario she considered most plausible for herself in the upcoming years of adulthood. She wanted Jina to be happy, but she had not yet decided if the hollow contentedness of seeing the person for whom she cared so much with another was something for which she could settle. Again, she wondered if these thoughts were preceding her age. But then, she pondered the question of how many years one must have before being mature enough to say he or she is in love. Real love. The kind that was most definitely not just a crush or jealousy. The kind that inspired a person, made one feel happy on a bad day, and was just an indiscernible feeling with which one would never want to part.
“Miss Nakamura, I—” Jayla looked up from her paper and paused her words in noticing that the woman was fast asleep. Undoubtedly, they had failed in building a strategy of ensnaring romance, and Jayla, alone, had not made any great strides in understanding these feelings swirling around her head, heart, and body. It was just chemicals. And maybe that as a description was a better fit for what it was inside her rather than waiting for something incorporeal to posses her like she had read in books and heard in songs. Love was the term, but there were no rules to it. And she probably would not speak of it. Not here, at least.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Clocks read seven in the morning, but the sky still had the look of nighttime over Ichihara Seaside Stadium as workers wearing matching jumpsuits and hardhats hurried to complete the assembly of the stage for the concert that would be taking place later in the day. Though the field was usually used for sports matches, no grass would be present as a fleet of forklifts rolled along with sets of large, dark grey tiles for the workers to lay down to make a smooth and solid floor. And on top of that, dozens of platforms would be combined at the far part of center field to make the floor of the stage. Men in boom lifts aided the ones on the bottom to erect and connect the tall, aluminum trusses which would then hold the lighting rigs and some screens.
Of these proverbial busy bees buzzing around and building, one young one in particular was feeling a sharp stinging within, and it was not just from all of the squatting, standing and heavy lifting he had to do. On the occurrence of a mistake or the slowing of his progress from fatigue, the constant reminding by his superiors that he was a very insignificant part of the work force fueled his detestation with life and all that had led to this point in his. He was black. Born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia in the United States. He stuck out like a fresh stain on a shirt and, in all, felt that he did not belong. But the irony of what he was feeling was that he had come to Japan to find camaraderie.
At an early age, this man found a love for Japanese animation and in early adolescence, began diligently studying the Japanese language in order to understand the dialogue spoken in the animation without subtitles or waiting for Western production studios to hire English-speaking voice actors to dub the dialogue. (In his opinion, the English-speaking voice actors could never do justice to the characters anyway). He would copy the characters’ diets, emulate their mannerisms, and even—without his parents’ knowledge—dyed his hair silver to match the features of one of his favorite protagonists. The doing resulted in him earning the nickname Sisqo and, though it only took one day of the teasing to convince him to change his hair back to a natural color, the name followed him into high school. And no matter how often he wrote the names of these tormentors in his “Death Note notebook” with hopes that the act would magically kill them, nothing happened but another day of gibes.
Sisqo felt awkward around his peers. They could not understand his compulsive preoccupation with these shows and surely made him an outcast for it. But he did not care if he shared one word with those people because, at age 16, he had found someone on the Internet to call his girlfriend. Nicole Phillips of Choteau, Montana who identified not only as Asian but also as a creature from the popular children’s media franchise Pokémon and would never answer to any name other than “Nico Nico”. When she and Sisqo graduated from their respective high schools, they opted to run off to Japan with the hopes of living a life “as sweet as Puccho candy”, but arrived only to the bitter reality of trying to make a living on minimum wage in a nation that absolutely was nothing like the cartoons.
Sisqo replayed every last detail over and over again as, behind the cover of the concert stage, he ran fuses into a row of small cannons on a pyrotechnics rig. He picked up one of the firework shells and stopped his work as the weight of the paper-wrapped sphere of powder pulled the trigger to a thought in his mind. This ball could be the key to put him out of his misery. He loved Nico Nico and she was the only reason he had put up with the grueling grind of the construction industry for so long, but he felt as if love was no longer enough of an incentive to pull from in himself the strength to strain through another day. He reached for his lighter in his pocket and his chest tightened. His heart began to beat cold blood through his quivering body. It was the same heart that could not muster up the courage to say to Nico Nico that though he knew that, at his command, she was ready to battle anyone he pointed to, the fantasy was long abandoned. He clicked a flame up out of the lighter and held it a few centimeters from the shell. The fire that once ignited his passion and love for the country he for years wanted to call home had been traded for one to take him out.
“Nani o shite imasu ka?!”
Sisqo whipped his head up from the items in his hands and saw one of the foremen rushing towards him with fright in his eyes. His insides tensed up more. He looked down at the lighter. He looked at the firework shell. He looked back up. The man was readying a leap out to tackle him. He put the flame to the paper. The foreman tackled him, and what little breath he had in his lungs was kicked out as they collided with the cannon rigging, tipping it over. The smoldering shell burst into a hot flash of green light and and blackened their skin and clothes. The shells already loaded in the rig caught fire and set off all at once like a rockets taking off from their launch pad, carrying both men up above the stadium and the confused and horrified faces of the workers. A piercing whistling through the sky brought the people in homes near the venue to run to their windows just in time to see a short series of brilliant, multicolored explosions sizzle and sprinkle down before all returned to calm as quickly as the chaos started. Nearly two kilometers away from the stadium, like a meteorite, Sisqo dropped out of the sky and splashed down into a river. The cool water snuffed out the flames on his skin and tattered clothes but barely did anything to cease the pain blistering in his burns and wounds. His entire arm was obliterated and blood from the shredded, stringy, red meat floating loose at his shoulder clouded the view above him as he drifted down slowly, shivering uncontrollably. He begged that death would come quickly as it seemed as if there would be no ceasing coming to the torturous feeling of hot knives being jabbed repeatedly into every part of his body or the pressure of an invisible elephant sitting on his chest to keep him from breathing. It felt as if wet sand was filling his lungs and hardening the more he tried to breathe. Then, the pressure closing up his throat and nose reached a peak before it started to slip away from his body. His eyes closed and kicked up a flowing cloud of dirt as he touched down on the floor of the river.
Quiet.
Peaceful.
Death.
It is what he wanted, but it is not what he would get.
A green light broke through the muck beneath him and shone so powerfully that it could be seen in the waves rippling along the river surface. A soft roll of thunder came before a drizzling of rain started as the body finished its floating up.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Lively chatter and the unmistakable scent of fish wafted up into the bedroom on the second floor of Mr. Ashinoyubi’s home and aroused Tomika out of slumber. She sat up and groggily scanned the room only to be struck surprised in finding that she was the only one there. She hurried downstairs and found everyone at the dining table in their sleepwear, eating salmon, rice, soup, eggs and toasted bread.
“You guys, why didn’t anyone wake me up?” Tomika said.
“I tried,” Jina said, “but you wouldn’t move, so I was like ‘screw it, then’.” She was, once again, typing up texts on her phone. Then, she put a helping of eggs into her mouth.
Tomika sat beside Steffennie. “Is there any food left?”
“There was but your mom ate it all,” said Jayla.
“You snooze, you lose, coneja,” said Trecille. She took a sip of tea.
Steffennie cut her serving of fish in half and placed the piece on Tomika’s plate. “You can have half of my breakfast, Tomika.”
“Thank you, Steffennie. I hope all your best wishes and dreams come true.” Tomika turned to Jina and Trecille. “And you two, I hope you get stricken with gas at the worst possible time.”
Jayla snickered.
“So, is everyone excited to go to Shibuya today?” Nana said.
Mr. Ashinoyubi raised his hand to Nana. “No. Change of plan. No guest of mine will go through common foolery like Shibuya. We go to Ginza. Much more proper.”
“But Ashinoyubi-sama, that’s, like, an extra 45 minutes away.”
“Jina and her mother deserve better than Shibuya! It is final!”
“Hold your horses there, Mr. Ashy-booty,” said Trecille. “This is Jayla’s trip, so maybe we should see if she wants to go to Ginza.”
“What’s so special about Ginza anyway?” Steffennie asked.
“Ginza is shopping paradise for refined lady such as Jina,” said Mr. Ashinoyubi. “Many stores for high-end clothing and jewelry.”
Tomika frowned. “We see that stuff almost every day. I wanna go to Shibuya. Not only does it sound like an ad-lib Jay-Z would do, but it’s got that place with all the fashion that Gwen Stefani appropriated. I mean how can we come to Japan and miss that?”
Jina whipped her head up from her phone’s screen. “Wait, are you talking about the Harajuku shopping district? That place is in Shibuya? OMG, we have to go. I so have to try on one of those cute and colorful lolita outfits.”
Trecille made a scoffing noise at the idea. “You certainly will not be wearing a ‘lolita’ anything. You tryna write an invitation to the creepy, old men who wanna get up in your jenna or something? Not on my watch.”
Tomika swept a helping of air up to her face and sniffed deeply. “Hey, Steffennie, you, uh... do you smell that? It’s, like, some kind of metallic smell. Almost kinda like... iron-y, you know?”
Steffennie took a couple of sniffs. “Oh, yeah, I do smell it.”
“You mean to tell me you pick freaks and punks over diamonds and designer labels, Jina?” Mr. Ashinoyubi said.
“Of course I’m flattered that you’d wanna take us to the best stores and stuff, but Harajuku looks like fun. We can’t pass that up. Right, Jay?” As soon as Jina finished speaking, her phone pinged and she got right to replying to Pepper’s text.
Jayla kept her head low and her eyes on the uneaten portions of food on her plate, pushing it around with her chopsticks. “Well, I did have my heart set on seeing Shibuya, but, really, wherever we go, I just wanna enjoy it with you. But for like half of our visit here, you’ve been texting with Pepper.”
Jina halted her thumbs’ typing as the words slipped into her ear and starting sobering up her love-drunk mind.
“I know she’s your girlfriend and I’m happy that you’re happy, but the most important part of this trip to me was that I was gonna be spending it with you, you know? Best friends havin’ fun and stuff.”
“What about me? I wanna have fun with you, too,” said Tomika. 
“Oh, my god, Jay, I’m so sorry,” Jina said. “I mean we wouldn’t even be here without your writing skills, which have totally gotten me out of a predicament too many times to count, and I’ve just been ignoring you.”
“Me too,” said Tomika.
Jina placed her phone down and scooted closer to Jayla to wrap her arms around her. She laid her head on her shoulder. “Can you forgive me?”
Jayla smiled. “Of course. We haven’t even done the best part of the trip, yet, anyway. We’re cool.”
“Awesome.” Jina let go of Jayla. “Besides, I’m gonna see Pepper all the time when we get back home, but how often will I get to spend a day in Japan with best bestie?”
“And your sister,” said Tomika. “Miss Nakamura, you see me here, don’t you? You hear me talkin’ to these two.”
Nana could not avert her eyes from the amity between Jina and Jayla. She fanned her eyes as they began to form tears. “Oh, my God, this is so adorable. It’s like one of my favorite dramas taking place right before my eyes.”
Tomika sucked her teeth and swatted at the three ladies. “Man, all y’all some hoes.” She folded her arms and sulked. Steffennie chuckled and gave her a consoling rub on the back.
“I, too, enjoy viewing the friendship of these young girls,” said Mr. Ashinoyubi, “but I will not be joining you in Shibuya.”
“Aw, don’t be like that, Mr. Asian-hooptie. Don’t you wanna drive us around and spend all your money on us?” said Trecille.
Mr. Ashinoyubi raised his hand to Trecille. “No. As much as I love your bad manners and well-endowed Western beauty, not even that can make me join you at Harajuku. I see you at dinner.”
Trecille shrugged. “Fine then. I guess it’s just the seven of us.”
“You sure you don’t mean the six of you?” said Tomika.
Trecille rolled her eyes. “Shut up, Tomika.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The train ride to Shibuya had something of hypnotic quality about it as the silence of the passengers made the rhythmic clacking of the wheels on the tracks an ever more audible soundtrack to the sight of buildings and other structures whipping in and out of the view of the windows. Piped in pre-recorded messages served to aid the new faces entering and the familiar ones exiting at stops. But each casual glance that the wearied, indifferent, or otherwise made with the group of touring ladies occupying the seats that were decorated with vertigo-inducing patterns devised no reaction past the superficial except in Steffennie who could not get herself away from presuming that the locals were silently judging her as some improper aberration given her contrast of characteristics. It was a 50 minute trip through roads to which she was no stranger, but no sooner than the doors opening to the railway platform at Harajuku Station did she lose her conformance concerns. From the lightest pastels on lacy dresses and wigs to the darkest blacks in leather and mascara, it was a fashion free-for-all in the crowd of pedestrians traversing the streets outside the station.
Nana popped open her umbrella and faced her charges with an eager smile. “So, here we are, ladies. What should we do first?”
The girls eyed each other wittingly and the choice was unanimous. “Shopping!” they said.
“Eat!” Tomika said. “Oh, shopping?” She dropped her smile. “Yeah, we can do that, I guess.”
Nana laughed. “Cheer up, Tomika-chan. Takeshita-dori has more than enough places for us to do both at the same time.”
The ladies turned a corner and stood at the outset of the famous street. It was narrow in width but it brought a broad exhibition of imagination in its pedestrians well-decorated in creature costumes and candy-colored get-ups amongst the common outfits. And as far as the eye could see down the street, tiny, two-story stores sat closely beside each other, but of all the fare offered, it was the sight of a pair of iconic arches that excited Tomika the most. “Oh, my goddess, a McDonald’s!” she exclaimed. “What time is it? They still serving breakfast? Hold up, let me get a couple McGriddles, right quick, ‘cause that salmon and rice ain’t cuttin’ it.”
“Sounds like this is our first stop,” said Nana.
“Actually, I’d like to pop into this cute little cafe right here,” said Jina, pointing to the building directly opposite of Tomika’s choice.
“Okay, there’s our second stop.”
Jayla gasped at the sight above the McDonald’s. “Oh, my God, a comic book store. We have to go there.”
“McDonald’s, cafe, comic book store. Then, we’ll go around to the boutiques. Sounds good to everyone?” Nana said.
The concurrence between the ladies was a green light to Tomika. She grabbed Nana’s hand and whisked her away to a speedy weaving through the people to get in the queue that could not get her to the restaurant’s counter quickly enough. But when it did come time for her to place her order, with Nana’s help, Tomika ordered a sandwich that she consumed in one big bite. The feat sent the staff into a small, amused round of applause. Tomika gave a polite bow to the workers and, after what was all in a matter of three minutes, the ladies were at their second destination. Tomika chased her second breakfast with a slice of cake. Miyoung ordered a cup of tea, Jayla and Jina got parfaits, and Trecille, Steffennie, and Nana had waffles and coffee.
With their appetite more than satisfied by the first two stops, the ladies continued on to the comic book store to see if a hunger of a mental kind could be pleased. Upon seeing the racks on racks on racks of comics stacked along the walls, it was obvious that it would not be an issue. For Jayla, it was a nearly orgasmic experience to be around so many genres in so many volumes in such grand abundance. The ink scent was heightening some kind of prurience in her, but she called up every bit of self-restraint to suppress it and keep her casual browsing from blowing up into a maddened dash from one side of the room to the other. On the shelves before her, she scanned the spines of the books and saw many titles with which she was familiar, but then her eyes landed on an unbelievable peculiarity. It was a Pretty Killers comic. She pulled it off of the shelf and flipped through a few of the pages. Then, she landed on a depiction that made her burst into a roll of laughter. “Oh, my God, Tomika, come here!” she called out.
While Jayla stood amused, Tomika looked over the girl’s shoulder and fell bemused by the scene of Mimi Lenoira and Kayzi Muerte who were kissing and beginning to disrobe each other. “Is that supposed to be—? Oh, no, I don’t know who that’s supposed to be, but that is not Mimi Lenoira. Not with that pancake ass.”
“Really? That’s your problem with this? Not the lesbian thing?”
“Believe me, Jay, lesbian relationship rumors are nothing new to the Pretty Killers. But if you’re gonna draw it, at least make it look good.” Tomika took the book into her hands and turned to another page. “Look at how flat this ass is! The hell is that?! If Kayzi and Mimi are gonna make out, there’s gotta be an ass for her to grab. I am highly disappointed with this attempt at smut.”
Jayla took the book back. “It’s not supposed to be smut. They don’t keep those kinds of works out where anybody can see them.”
“Well, show me where they do, ‘cause I gotta see if somebody did a better job than this.”
“You’re not old enough to buy that stuff. And regardless if this artist did the booty justice or not, I’m totally buying this. I have to see if there’s any kinky, soft-core vine-play.”
“Well, if they wanna stay true to our adventures, then, yeah, I can almost guarantee there will be.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The ladies went on down the street and passed bright, colorful signs that screamed for attention to the merchandise that was sitting in the storefront windows and under awnings directly in front of the buildings. Jina purchased a pair of boots and a jacket, and Jayla found some knit caps that she liked. Tomika bought a crêpe from a dessert vendor. Trecille was happy to see some unauthorized imitations of her fashion line, and Tomika was happy to see a convenience store where she bought a rice ball and a bottle of melon soda. Then, more shops and side streets and second-story stores and basement boutiques with clothing styles based in everything from Gothic and punk rock to hip-hop to dressy casual. Books and bags and dresses and hats and shirts and shoes and trinkets and jackets, the girls amassed a great haul of items. Some were for friends, and some were for themselves, such as the assortment of lingerie that Trecille purchased in anticipation of libidinous evenings with Doctor. For Jina and Tomika, the thought of the undergarments going on their mother, and then coming off by the hands of a man, sickened them to the deepest part of their stomachs. But a chicken sandwich was able to trump the bad taste in Tomika’s mouth. She nibbled on it and finished the rest of her melon soda as the group followed Nana’s guiding to the vastly wider Meiji Street.
“Wait until you guys see this shrine,” said Nana. “I promise, it’s so serene, you’re gonna feel so at peace.”
“I don’t think anything about Japan can put Jayla at peace,” said Tomika.
“I can’t help it. This has seriously been the best day of my life. This place is just so beautiful, and amazing, and—” Bafflement halted Jayla’s words on her tongue and turned her sight skyward as a shadow from a large object above put the ladies, pedestrians, and people driving on the road in a stretch of darkness. “Full of surprises,” Jayla finished.
Traffic slowed as people were craning their necks to get a better view of the creature circling over them and verify that it was, in fact, some kind of dragon. Hundreds of mobile devices pointed to the sky to capture footage of the mythical beast with a long, snake-like body that was lined with a slick coat of short, grayish-green fur; two slender front legs with black claws; two slender hind legs with cloven hooves; glassy, black eyes; and flowing red hair coming from its head and tail.
“I don’t suppose you have an explanation for this, Miss Nakamura,” Steffennie said.
Nana’s mouth dropped. “Kiyohime no musume,” she whispered. “The daughter of Kiyohime.”
“Who the hell is Kiyohime, and why is her daughter a dragon?” said Trecille.
“Half dragon,” said Nana. “She’s also a mix of a tanuki and a nine-tailed fox. Her mother, Kiyohime fell in love with a man, but when he didn’t return the feelings, she turned into a dragon and killed him by melting him inside a bell.”
“Damn, Kiyohime was a ‘G’,” Trecille said. “My kind of girl.”
“She, then, met a man who had been studying magic,” Nana said. “He was a shapeshifter and could turn into two of the rarest animals in Japan, and when the two of them had a child, they passed their magic on to her. The people in the village in which they lived were scared that the child would be a devastating force, so they sought to kill it. When they got to the home, they could not find the child. Kiyohime and the shapeshifter turned her into a precious gem and hid her so no harm could come to her. Though the villagers killed the two lovers, no one could ever find their precious gem.”
“Until now, apparently,” said Miyoung.
Standing on the back of the dragon was Sisqo wearing a white and gold, sleeveless jacket. It showed off his arm that had regenerated as far as raw muscle along the bone. And the bottom of his face that was still burned to light of his skull was covered by a matching scarf. His baggy pants were tucked into his boots and strapped to his back was a sword. Right at his side was Nico Nico sitting on all fours. “Shibuya no hito desu!” he called. “Kore wa tanjundesu. 800,000,000 en o kudasai... matawa hisan na kekka ga arimasu.”
“What did he say?” Jina asked.
Sisqo pointed to a nine story building barely a block away, and a white glow begin to form in the dragon’s mouth. It snapped to facing the structure and sent a blast of energy hurtling towards it. People watching from the windows of the building shrieked in horror as the light rushed towards them. They ran to get as far from the glass as fast as possible, but most were not fleet or fortunate enough to escape the attack. It ripped through a great portion of the building’s mid section, sending glass and other much more heavier debris down to the street below. The citizens were put into a frenzy as the top two stories of the building angled forward on their way to snapping from the others.
“Never mind, I understand,” said Jina.
“Come on, let’s get out of here!” Nana cried. She turned to join the panicked pedestrians fleeing from the collapsing building but stopped when she noticed something amiss. “Oh, my God, where’s Tomika-chan?”
From the park beside Nana and the ladies, Mimi flew up from the trees and took to the roofs of the stores along the street to rush to the building with the tumbling top. Inside, women and children sobbed and men prayed as the struggle to get to the stairs grew ever more taxing with the floor sloping to a steeper climb. But then a jolt came and shook hope back into their hearts as the room began to tilt back to a balanced level. Below, Mimi had gone onto the damaged floor and begun materializing stacks of thick rock blocks to form pillars to brace the upper two stories. Sisqo was surprised by the arrival of the girl, but her abilities did not leave him scared. He commanded the dragon to take a sinuous ride over to the girl just as she was finishing stacking blocks. Sisqo commanded the beast to shoot out another blast at her, but Mimi whipped out her sword, converted it to the rifle mode and shot a countering attack that blew both assaults up into sparkles.
The dragon spiraled up a bit higher and turned to have Sisqo face Mimi. He pulled his scarf down. “Mimi Lenoira. I’ve heard about you,” he called down to her. “Can’t say I ever expected to see you here.”
“Didn’t expect to see you either, Skeletor. You’re a long way from Eternia, aren’t you?”
“Very funny. Let’s see if you’ve got jokes after this!” He pointed forward and the dragon charged down towards the building.
Mimi jumped off of the edge of the ragged floor just as the beast collided with the building. The last few people that were evacuating covered their heads as everything shook around them in their filing out through the back door. The empty top two floors finally broke away and followed Mimi’s descent to the front pavement. She shot vines from her sleeves and wrapped them around the exposed girders of the stable half of the building. Then, she swung into the building through the front door and skidded to a safe landing as the two stories splashed over the street outside with a ground-shaking rumble and crunching from the shattering of glass. Alarms from cars by the curb blared in the ruins as they kicked up a heavy cloud of gray dust. The dragon circled overhead and Sisqo looked down on the exposed floor. There was no immediate activity from his nemesis, but because he did not see her destruction, he did not assume it had taken place and he commanded the dragon to shoot at the remains. A stream of energy blasts made more wreckage of the remaining stories, but during the destruction, the dust began to act strangely. All of the hanging clouds dropped to the road to form a tightly compacted sheet. It sloshed to one side and crested high above the dragon like an oceanic wave that the most avid of surfers could only dream of.
Just as Sisqo gave the dragon the command to turn away from the wall of dust that was ready to crash down on top of them, he felt his feet slip out from under him as he was yanked off the dragon and put into a free fall from the sky.
“Nico nico!” Nico Nico screamed with terror holding her eyes watching her love plummet by the hands of Mimi. It was she who had taken a hold on his legs with her vines.
Sisqo retrieved his sword and slashed at the vines to free his feet just in time to readjust his body in the drop. He landed neatly atop the mountain of rubble and used it to push himself off into a direct bolt to Mimi. Mimi aimed her rifle and fired a surge of bullets to Sisqo, but to her surprise, he easily cut through the assault with swift swings of his sword and arrived at her chest with a kick that sent her flying into a storefront. Her impact put a large web-like crack in the window and she fell flat on the pavement.
“Oh, God, I can’t watch!” said Trecille. She covered her face and turned away.
Steffennie put her arms around Trecille and held her close. “It’s okay, Ms. Cordova. She can do it. You know she can.”
“But she’s used to fighting with a team!”
“We just have to believe in her, mamí,” said Jina. The twinge deep in her stomach told that she was just as worried as Trecille, but she kept her hopes up. “Come on, Tomika, you can do it,” she thought.
Mimi slowly pulled herself up just to take another wince-inducing blow from Sisqo. He kneed her in the stomach. Then, an uppercut to the chin. Then, he took his sword in both hands and raised it to drop a strong hack into Mimi but, with one hand, she guided the pavement’s concrete up into a strip above her head. It caught and Sisqo’s blade.
“Stone Punch!” Mimi said and threw a punch into her concrete shield to push out an even bigger fist made of rock into Sisqo’s face. “Blazing Rain!” she called out to make the fist crumble into a group of small rocks. They arced into the sky, ignited, and unmercifully pelted Sisqo. With her rifle she fired another hail of bullets.
With both hands, Sisqo held the broad side of his sword out in front of his self and let the blade collect the attack right in front of his face. He could feel the heat of the light as it was slowly winning the deadlock, but he persisted through the strain.
“Fire Pitch!” Mimi threw a torrent of fire into her light and gave it the boost that it needed to knock Sisqo high off of his feet. His back smacked against a slab of concrete in the rubble and shoved a few drops of blood out of his mouth.
“Nico nico!” Nico Nico screamed. “Nico nico, ni nico nico.”
“Don’t worry! I’ve got this.” Sisqo shouted back. 
“I beg to differ.” Mimi put her hand out and clenched it into a fist to command the slab behind Sisqo to wrap around his body and squeeze the life out of him.
Though his ribs were pressing into his lungs and pushing out all breath within him, Sisqo managed to pull up enough air to give one more shout. “Ch— Chikyuu Bakuhatsu!” Glowing cracks drew in the stone vice and exploded outward with enough force to knock Mimi off of her feet and flying backwards. Sisqo held his sword aloft and cried, “Godai Mizu!” A symbol on the weapon’s blade lit up and a stream of water circled around the metal. The tip hooked backwards. “Kiri no Seijou!” He swung the sword in the direction of Mimi and hurled forth a spray of electrically charged water that stole control of her body and left her standing up convulsing. “Godai Sora!” Another symbol lit up. The sword lost its hook and split into two swords that grew wing-like additions on their hilts. “Seirei Arashi!” He slashed with the left. Then, the right. Then, the left, and the right again. Four crescent-shaped pulses of gold light rushed forward. The first strike shook Mimi from her paralysis with its explosive landing. The second strike hit her shoulder and made her lurch back while screaming in pain. The third strike did the same to her other side and intensified the sensation of needles running through her veins. The last strike hit her across the chest and finally parted her from her senses. Her gaze went blank. Her body fell limp. Blood dripped from her shoulders. She collapsed onto her side.
The street was silent. Everyone who had elected to stay and watch the battle stood in disbelief and confusion. What had just happened? What would happen now? Who was this person with such incredible power, and did their only hope at defeating him just perish? Tears broke from Trecille’s eyes, and though she wanted to scream, no sound came.  She wanted to run to her daughter, but her legs would not move. She could only pray.
“Come on, Tomika, get up. Please get up,” Jina pleaded in her mind. Her stomach was doing flips up into her throat. It sickened her to see her sister lying helpless and she hated that there was nothing she could do to help. She could only wish.
Sisqo combined his swords into the original form and began walking to Mimi. “Miro!” he shouted to the citizens. “Kore wa watashi no chikara da. Watashi no keikoku da.” Upon arriving at Mimi’s body, he took a considerable amount of her hair into his grip and used it to lift her inanimate body off of the ground. She had been made so numb that the pain that could come with hanging by the hair did not bring a reaction in her languid eyes. With his aim for the girl’s neck, he drew his sword back. “Osorero!”
Jina emitted a piercing scream and Sisqo stalled his strike. He did not want to, and he put all of his muscle into bringing that blade to the other side of Mimi’s throat, but some intangible force was keeping his arm from moving any farther. It felt as if it were stuck deep inside a wall.
“Nico nico! Nico nico ni nico ni!”
“I don’t know. I’m trying!” Sisqo called back to Nico Nico.
The citizens split their attention between the halted beheading down the road and Jina, nearby, who was clutching her stomach and crying out in pain as she fell to her knees.
“Oh, no, coquí, what’s wrong?” Trecille said. “Are you having gas at the worst possible time?”
“It feels like I’m having another miscarriage.” The agonizing crushing and cutting feeling in Jina’s pelvis wrenched out tears on her face and slender streams of red down her legwear. All of the gray above began to deepen to a dark purple. Jina closed her eyes and gritted her teeth. She clutched her stomach tighter and tighter, waiting for the surge to make its exit and take the pain with it just as before, but in this occasion, a new feeling came and it coursed through her stomach, heart, hands, arms, and her every other centimeter of her body until it arrived at her eyes. She shot them open and her irides were as red as the blood that broke from her to spread over the pavement. It formed the outline of a circle around her.
“¡Dios mío!” Trecille cried. She drew a crucifix over her body and, with the other ladies, backed away from Jina.
The ring started to glow and from it, a larger circle formed. From that circle, four smaller circles formed on the inner perimeter of it at the front of Jina, the left, the right, and her back. A line drew from the space between the left and back circles to the circle in front. Then, the line drew down to the space between the right and back circles. And it continued on to carve out a five-point star as “Ab intra ad caelum, te quaero. Ab sanguinem, libertas, te do. Absit omen autem caveant (or something like that)” appeared in small text repeating between the two circles that began to spin opposite of each other.
The citizens gasped as two beams of light erupted from the circle and materialized into human forms with a silky, white glow. One had the look of a woman with long, inky-black hair and no definition in her eye sockets. She was wearing a red kimono with long sleeves that rippled in the breeze. The other apparition appeared to be a man with black hair pulled into a ponytail, and had a face that was the same as the woman’s. He was wearing a blue kimono and gray hakama pants. They soared over to Sisqo and shoved him away from Mimi. Her body was ready to slump back to the ground, but the woman caught her and kept her on her feet. The man extended his arm out and opened his palm to call for Sisqo’s sword to fly from his hands and come into his. Sisqo’s clothes flashed and changed back to his tattered uniform.
“No! No! I’m sorry! Please, don’t take my powers,” Sisqo said.
“You use our daughter for tyranny. You do not deserve her magic. This belongs in hands of honorable warrior,” the man said.
The woman gave Mimi a gentle shake and Mimi steadily lifted her head. She snapped to attention and held startled sight at the dark sky, the luminescent specters, and the agony in Sisqo’s face. “Wha— what’s going on? Am I back in the Afterworld?”
The woman released Mimi to stand on her own and floated to the man to hover beside him. “No, Princess. We were summoned by your sister to the Living World.”
“Will you protect our daughter and use her magic for honorable justice?” the man asked.
“My sister...?” Mimi turned around and saw Jina kneeling in the ring of light with her head to the sky. She turned back to the spirits. “You know what, for some reason, that doesn’t concern me as much as it should. But anyway, yes, your daughter and her magic will be in good hands with me and my team. I promise.”
Both spirits bowed their heads. “Thank you,” the man said as he passed the sword into Mimi’s hands. Then, the kind demeanor on the spirits flipped to the contrary as they turned to Sisqo and Nico Nico. “And now, you two must be punished,” the man said.
“Please,” said Sisqo. “Do whatever you want to me, but spare her.”
“She made choice to join you. She suffers too.” The man soared to Sisqo to pick him up by the arms, and the woman did the same for Nico Nico. They spun around and flung the two off into the horizon.
“Looks like I’m blasting off again!” Sisqo cried.
“Nico Nico!” Nico Nico screamed.
As the evildoers were made a shining dot in the clouds, the man and woman faced Mimi again to bow once more. “Best wishes to you, young warrior.” From them, a wave of blinding light was pitched forth over the city and overpowered the citizens. They all fell to the ground, and everything faded to darkness.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Trecille sat up and rubbed her head, addled like one would be after waking from an alcohol-induced nap. “Ay, what happened?” The wind’s chill felt sharper than usual as it rolled over her body. And the feeling of a moist, chalkboard-like surface on her legs, thighs, and buttocks compelled her to look down at her body. Her eyes shot open at the sight of her being completely nude in the street. “Oh, my God, where are my clothes?!” She looked around and saw that everyone who had remained as a spectator to the battle was now waking up to the embarrassing terror. Women were screaming and smacking men who did not avert their eyes quickly enough. And a portion of the men were cursing that their mobile phones had vanished with their clothing. “Steffennie!!” Trecille cried. She turned to the woman and found that the rest of her thought was lost to shock made from her glance.
Steffennie sat up and rubbed her eyes. She moved a couple of  strands of hair from her face, and after a couple of blinks to bring the world back into focus, her eyes widened. She looked around and screeched. She locked her legs together and tried to cover as much of her body as she could with her hands and arms.”Oh, my God, what’s going on? Why are we naked?”
“I don’t know, but I didn’t know you was hanging like that, girl.”
Steffennie’s face went redder than a ripe tomato. “Oh, my God, Ms. Cordova, why would you even say that? I’m self-conscious enough as it is.” She grabbed one of the shopping bags procured earlier and took one of the dresses out to slip on.
Trecille took a shirt and a pair of undergarments from the bag. “I’m just saying. It’s cold out, and it’s like that? That ain’t nothin’ to be embarrassed about. Is that a Swedish thing or something?”
“Ms. Cordova, please don’t!”
Jina, Jayla, Nana, and Miyoung stirred from their slumber, but as soon as Jayla caught sight of Jina’s velvety-skinned body, the very same body that graced the best of her sweetest dreams, blood dripped from her nose and she passed out again. Miyoung retrieved a dress from her shopping bag and hurried over to Jayla to prop her numb body up and attempt to dress it.
“How are we supposed to get back home? All of our money’s gone,” Steffennie said.
“Maybe Sa-Jina the teenage witch can conjure up a car for us,” said Trecille as she pulled a skirt up to her waist. “You see what I was talkin’ about, though? It starts with abortions, and then the next thing you know, you’re summoning spirits from your vagina blood.”
Jina began dressing herself. “Oh, for god’s sake, mamí, can you just— Wait a minute... blood. That’s it! Willow’s blood has qualities in it that reanimate bodies. Maybe when I bit him and ingested his blood, it did something in me, and that’s probably how the random pregnancy, and whatever just happened, happened. But it’s gotta be out of my system by now.”
“It still sounds like you need Jesus to me,” Trecille said. “And where is your sister?”
“Right here,” said Tomika, fully clothed as she emerged from the park entrance. To accompany her crown charm on her bracelet was a green jewel dangling from one of the links.
“Oh, my God, Tomika-chan, where did you go to?” said Nana. “There was a guy on a dragon, and then this girl that kinda looks like you showed up and started fighting him, and then your sister bled on the sidewalk and brought the spirits of Kiyohime and her husband up from the afterlife. And they flung him and his friend off into the sky, and then we blacked out and woke up naked in the street as you can see.”
“And I missed it? Oh, darn. Guess that’s what I get for hiding deep in the thick of the trees.”
“It was strange, but it was an amazing sight, wouldn’t you say, ladies?”
“I’m never coming back to this country again,” said Miyoung.




Chapter Fifteen
Reflection


Jina, Jayla, Tomika, Steffennie, Miyoung, and Trecille arrived in the continental United States safely, but they were still a long way away from home. By the briefing of a bulletin from the airport, they knew it would be at least another hour until they would be on their way back to Queen City and its brand of craziness. Currently, they were in hazy Los Angeles, California, sitting at the departure gate amongst a bunch of f travelers, many who were as drowsy as they. But Trecille gave face far from fatigued when enthusiastic admirers young and old rushed up to her for an autograph and photographs. She adored the adoration, but she had to end it early as the call of nature came and she had to run to the restroom. Meanwhile, Jina and Jayla were mourning the mystical losses of their mobile devices that held the perfect blend of songs that would make the wait less of a burden, and Jina was definitely missing contact with Pepper who she assumed was worried about her well-being after completely dropping contact with her the day before the current one. As Tomika’s concentration was all on her new charm and her mobile was the single exception to the disappearances made in the Japanese spirits’ doings to eliminate any record of their visiting the Living World, she gave her device to the girls to share.
Tomika held her wrist up and let the little, green ornament catch some light to help her better observe it. She thought about how it was so simple yet it held so much power. She was in control of a hybrid dragon now, and the magic that came with the creature was strong enough to almost bring her to death. She remembered what Cassadee said about her not having a real battle yet. Tomika questioned her abilities. Was she really as strong as she felt she was, or had she truly only gone up against inferior challenges? If not for Jina, she probably would not be sitting there thinking about these possibilities. That trip brought an alarm to her. She needed to be more diligent in improving her skills. She needed to ensure that prestige remained in her godmother’s legacy, and most importantly, she could not let her mother down.
In a quick shift of focus past the gem, all of Tomika’s musings fell to the back of her brain, and her eyelids snapped back to let her sight savor the full scene before her. There was a woman walking her way. Golden-brown skin and golden hair styled long and straight. She had a brown, faux-leather bag slung over her shoulder and was wearing black stiletto high heels. Her tight tank top under her jacket gave a view of her cleavage, and her jeans highlighted the curves of her voluptuous hips. “Oh, my goddess! Jina, give me my phone,” said Tomika, flailing at her sister while keeping her eyes set on the woman.
Jina leaned out of the reach of the Tomika’s arm. “Hey, hey, calm down. What put the caffeine in your Kool-Aid all of a sudden?”
“You see that woman there, going to the food court? The one with the sunglasses on, looking at her phone?”
“Yeah, what about her?”
“What about her? Don’t you know who that is? That’s Jodie Melrose! She’s my all-time favorite adult entertainer. She didn’t like the current state of the industry so she started producing videos the way she wanted to do them, and I swear her lesbian scenes are amazing. There’s less shoving things and more touching stuff, you know? And there’s just something special about her. Jayla, come on, tell me you’ve seen her stuff.”
“I’d rather not talk about porn while my mother is right here.”
“You sure watch a lot of girl action to wanna claim straight,” said Jina.
“Watching lesbian porn doesn’t make someone a lesbian, Jina. You, of all people, should know that sexuality works in whatever ways.”
“I wasn’t calling you a lesbian. I was just saying maybe you should have a serious convo with your innermost desires. Maybe you wanna think about signing with my and Pepper’s team.”
“Whatevs.” Tomika snatched the device from Jina’s hands. “I’m gonna go see if I can get a picture with her or something.” She ran over to the woman standing in last position in a line at a pizza kiosk. She made sure her elation was a calm showing and tapped the woman on her shoulder. “Excuse me... Miss Melrose?” she said timidly.
“Oh, you can just can call me Mel.” The woman looked up from her phone and turned around to find Tomika staring up at her with a grin stretching from one cheek to the other. Her eyes grew wide and a smile trumping Tomika’s grew on her. “Oh, my God! Tomika? Tomika Drake?”
Tomika was stunned. “Uh... yeah?”
“Oh, my God!” Mel moved her sunglasses to her forehead, and threw her arms around Tomika for a tight hug. She squealed.
Tomika chuckled uneasily. “Well, this is a plot twist. I was excited to see you, but it seems like you’re more excited to see me.”
Mel dropped Tomika from her embrace but kept her hands on the girl’s shoulders. “Well, why wouldn’t be excited to see you? You came all the way from Michigan to see me.”
“Well, actually, I’m here with my family on layover from Japan, and I saw you coming to the line here so I thought, ‘Holy crap, Jodie Melrose. It’s not everyday you see your favorite adult entertainer; I should go say ‘hi’ or something.’”
Mel took her hands off of Tomika to re-adjust the strap of her bag that was sliding off of her shoulder. She had a befuddled look in her permanent grin. “Well, thank you. I mean I think it’s a little odd that my half-sister likes my movies, but whatever makes you happy. I don’t judge.”
Tomika’s face twisted to the ugliest mix of shock and confusion. “Whoa! Whoa! Hold the hell up. What do you mean ‘half-sister’? That light-skin chick with the boots over there? That’s my half-sister. What the hell are you talking about?”
“Well, yeah, I know Jina’s your half-sister because of your daddy, but we’re half-sisters because of our mama. Remember?”
“In the 13 years that I knew my mother, she never made any mention of me having another half-sister. So, I’m gonna ask you again: What the hell are you talking about?”
Mel gasped and covered her mouth. “Oh, my God. You really don’t know. They never told you, did they?”
“Told me what?”
“Nothing.” Mel put her sunglasses back on and turned to face the back of the person in front of her in the line. She carried on with the doings involving her phone.
“No, not ‘nothing’. You can’t just drop a drama bomb like that and not give me any details.”
“I really wouldn’t say the b-word in an airport.”
“Forget that. Who is ‘they’ and what did they not tell me?”
Mel ignored Tomika.
“Was it my mom and dad?”
Mel ignored Tomika.
“Is it Jina’s mother?”
Mel made a stifled whine as the words worked up to her mouth.
“Is it Jina? Does she know what I need to know?”
“For the love of God,” cried a man behind the two ladies, “will you just tell her so she’ll shut up? I just wanna get a Pepsi in peace.”
Mel was biting her lips and holding her tongue, but she could feel the burn of Tomika’s glare behind her and it boiled the words in her mouth until they were too hot to hold any longer. “Okay, okay! It was your mama, your daddy, and Ms. Trecille. They never told you that who you call your mama is actually our auntie. And one time, when I was eight, I stole a Little Critters book from the Scholastic Book Fair, and when I was trying to read it, I got a paper cut, and I thought God was mad at me. So, I tried to take the book back to the Book Fair, but they had already closed up, and I just wanted to get rid of the thing but I didn’t wanna throw it away, so I put it in the school library, but I still felt bad for stealing it, even though no one knew I stole it until I just said I did right now, 12 years later.”
“Was any of that last part really vital information?”
“Well, no... but you scared me and made me feel guilty.”
Tomika rolled her eyes and grabbed Mel’s arm to pull her out of the line. “Hey, wait, where are we going? I’m hungry,” Mel whined. As Tomika guided her to the seats at the departure gate, she looked back longingly at the patrons walking away from counter with containers holding big slices of pizza in their hands, and it more than heightened her urge for that salty and savory taste and that chewy and crunchy consistency to caress her taste buds. When they came to a stop, she turned back to face forward in a stumble, but she caught her balance and stood before Trecille who was sitting and reading a magazine.
“Who’s this, coneja? Another fan?” Trecille asked.
“No. This woman is telling me that she and I are related, and that you know something that I should’ve known a long time ago.”
Jina raised an eyebrow. “Wait, isn’t that the woman who—?”
“Yes, Jina. And I’d thank you not to mention it again.”
Jina and Jayla covered their mouths to stifle laughter.
Trecille turned up her nose and turned away. “I have no idea who that girl is or what she’s talking about. She must be trying to get into our family so she can get some of my money. Don’t let her fool you.”
“No offense, Ms. Trecille, but money’s not really a problem for me,” said Mel. “And even if it was, I would never do something as dishonest as what you just said. I took my job with the LAPD because I honestly believe in doing the right thing.”
“Wait, I thought you were a porn star,” said Jina.
“Oh, I am, and occasionally, I dance. I’m usually at this cute little club on Cotner Ave. where me and my best friend from high school got our start. She went by Kara Flowers, and I chose Jodie Melrose as my name, You know, like Kara-Mel? We were the cutest duo and, like, I know you’re supposed to choose the street you grew up on, but I grew up on West 67th in Inglewood, so that obviously wasn’t going to  work. And since she didn’t choose her street name, I was like—”
“Anyway,” said Tomika, “can we get back to the matter here?”
“Remember what we were talking about, Tre?” said Miyoung. “If there’s anything she should know about her identity, you should tell her.”
Trecille blew out a deep sigh and rolled her eyes at Mel. “You just had to open your big mouth, huh?”
“Oh, my God, I did a movie with almost the same exact title.”
Trecille shook her head. “I just can’t escape these dumb girls,” she said to herself. “All right, the truth, Tomika, is that you were the result of an alcohol-fueled threesome.”
“Excuse me?”
“Your father and I had just moved from New York, and I mean the ink was barely dry on our apartment lease when he cheated on me. He met a girl named Nicole Grey—the woman you get your middle name from—at a corner store. They start talking, he goes back to her place, they drink, he screws both her and her sister. Her sister’s Naomi, your mother. A couple weeks later, I get a call from Naomi talkin’ about she wanna speak to Robert ‘cause both she and her sister are pregnant and she wants him to be in her baby’s life, but her sister don’t care ‘cause she already has enough baby daddy problems. Referring to this girl’s daddy.” She pointed to Mel. “And Naomi talkin’ about how she don’t care who he done already screwed, meaning me. We go back and forth. Whatever. Robert tells me what happened, we argue, he does keep in contact with Naomi, and they start getting close. Naomi’s baby dies ‘cause, like you know, she’s always had a history of sickness. So, that tragedy brings her and Robert closer. Then, Jina’s born. Three months later, Nicole gives birth to you. She gave you to Naomi and ran off to the other side of the country with her kid for whatever reason. Robert and Naomi get married and live happily ever after with their beautiful baby princess. The end. Copyright 2009, Walt Disney Pictures.”
Tomika’s gaze was distant as she took a seat. “Why didn’t anyone tell me about this? Why did it have to come to a one in whatever-billion chance of meeting my other half-sister for me to learn this?”
“We all wanted to tell you, Tomika,” said Trecille. “It’s just that we weren’t sure how to tell you when you were a little girl. And then after Naomi died, your father and I just kinda agreed that it really wasn’t the best time to tell you then, either.”
“Well, when were you gonna tell me? When I graduated from high school? From college? When I got married? When I had my first kid? In a frakkin’ video file on my frakkin’ deathbed?!”
“Girl, you better watch that tone! You may have just found out about your real mother, but I’m still your real mother, too, okay?”
“Oh, no, as of now, you’re officially the ‘other mother’. You’ve got the button eyes and the fake smile, and you twist reality to make it work for yourself.” Tomika folded her arms and sunk down into her seat to sulk. “I can’t even believe we’re doing this at a frakkin’ airport.”
“Tomika, I know you’re upset, but nobody was trying to hurt you,” said Mel. “It’s obvious that Ms. Trecille cares about you and loves you, and she didn’t want to ruin your view of your parents. She knows how you look up to Aunt Naomi. Don’t be angry with her.”
“And where’s your mother been?” said Tomika. “Why, in 16 years, has she not even made an attempt to get in touch with me? Why didn’t she show up when my mom died?”
“She was a little pre-occupied with drugs and stuff, but she’s okay now. But when I was younger and she told me about you, she said that she gave you to Aunt Naomi because she knew she’d take better care of you. My mama didn’t keep up with the Jules Lenoira story, so when she saw you were born with purple eyes, she knew that Aunt Naomi would be better at helping you unlock your potential. There’s no reason to be so upset.”
“I’m just so confused and upset and stuff.”
“Would you feel better if you got to meet her?” Trecille asked.
Tomika shrugged. “I don’t know. I guess. ...Yeah.”
“Does she live far from here, Nakia?” Trecille asked.
“I go by Jodie Melrose. And no, she’s only, like, ten minutes away in Playa Vista.”
“We’ll go pay her a visit, and if we miss our flight, we’ll catch the next plane back home.”
“And Ms. Cooke, Jayla, and I will go on with our current flight so we can claim all your baggage when it arrives,” said Steffennie.
“I just want you to be happy, coneja. I’m sorry I didn’t talk to you about all of this stuff earlier. Can you forgive me?”
Tomika kept her demeanor solemn and nodded.
“Can I have a hug for putting a roof over your head, food in your mouth, clothes on your back, for the past three years?”
Tomika broke into a chuckle and hugged Trecille. “Yes, mom. And I’m sorry I called you my ‘other mother’. That was kinda rude.”
“It’s okay. I didn’t know what you were talking about anyway.”
“Oh, my God, this is so moving,” said Mel. “I wish my mama and me were this close. She’d much rather give everyone in her cult a hug before she’d even think about hugging me.”
Trecille and Tomika switched their smiles to perplexed faces and turned to Mel. “Wait, what?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

A cab ride down a boulevard took Tomika, Jina, Trecille and Mel to the community of Playa Vista boasting blocks of condominiums sitting tightly together among the company of a few office buildings on spotless streets lined with lush trees starting the fade to orange and brown. The ladies arrived at their destination marked by a passageway where two black, baroque style gates stood open and the driver stopped to collect his payment. He let the ladies out and went about his way. Mel led the ladies down a path to a booth where a security guard was waiting and had been watching since their appearance at the gate.
“Good afternoon, Miss Grey. How are you?” said the guard with a ruby-lipped smile as bright as her pasty, white skin.”
“I’m okay, Rosie the security guard. And it’s Miss Melrose, or you can call me Mel.”
“I don’t think so, dear. Are you here to finally join the Sisterhood?”
Mel rolled her eyes. “No, I’m not here to join the Sisterhood. My half-sister’s here with me and wants to meet our mother. And, like, I know it’s against Madam Sonia’s policies and stuff, but can you just bend the rules this one time? She really wants to see her.”
Rosie winced. “I really don’t think I can do that. You know the rules, dear. We keep all past mistakes out unless they join the Sisterhood.”
“Hey, I’m not a mistake,” said Tomika with palpable offense, but after a second thought, she dropped it. “Actually... never mind.”
Trecille shoved Mel out of her way and leaned into the booth to put her scowl in the guard’s face. “Let this girl in here to see her birth mother, or I’m gonna make you wish your mother didn’t pop out your Wonder-Bread-lookin’ ass.”
“Please back away or I will be forced to incapacitate you.”
“You ain’t gon’ do shi—” With 50,000 volts delivered to her neck from the guard’s stun gun, Trecille fell to the ground and gibbered out a stream of curses as she convulsed.
“Oh, my God, Rosie the security guard!” cried Mel. “Did you need really need to do that?!”
“I warned her, dear.”
“She’ll be fine, Mel,” said Jina. “This isn’t the first time she’s been tased.”
“Can I please just see my birth mother?” Tomika said.
“I’m sorry, dear, but no.”
“My goodness, what is all of this commotion out here?” said a lady as she stepped out a home nearby. Her skin was as pale as Rosie’s and her lips were painted just as red. Her walk was graceful and dainty. Her jet-black hair was pinned up in rolls while the rest of it draped down the back of her neck in loose waves. And in a buttoned-up cardigan sweater and a high-waist pencil skirt, she looked as if she had stepped out of a clothing catalog from the 1950s.
“Oh... my... goodness, how gorgeous is your outfit?” said Jina.
“Why, thank you, dear. You can have a home and outfits like this one if you choose to join my Stepford Sisterhood of Reformed Wives-to-be. We have a few vacancies left.”
“Oh, my God, she’s only a teenager, Madam Sonia. Can you go two seconds without trying to recruit someone into your cult?” said Mel.
“Now, now, Miss Grey—”
“Melrose! Jodie Mel-rose!”
Madam Sonia petted Mel’s head. “I don’t think so, dear. And I do not run a cult. I am merely the manager of a large-scale support group that is more than happy to open its arms to new members.”
“I don’t give a damn what you manage,” said Trecille as she picked herself up from the pavement and dusted off her clothes. “Who is you, anyway?”
“Who are you?”
“I asked you first.”
“No, no, dear, I was correcting your grammar. A proper lady does not butcher our language.”
“Bitch, if you don’t—”
Mel stepped in front of Trecille who looked ready to acquaint the archetype of a “proper lady” with a proper punch to the face. “Madam Sonia,  I’m here only to let my half-sister meet our mother. It’d mean a lot to her if she could see her.”
“Under normal circumstances, I would say no, but since you brought a nice, little project for me, I’m inclined to bend my rules this time.”
“Project?” Trecille snapped her neck back and put a hand on her hip. The other hand went to pointing in Madam Sonia’s face. Listen honey, I am a person, not a hobby shop doll or something for you to play tea party with. So, let’s get one thing established right now: I’m only here for my little girl. If not for her, best believe I would’ve put’cho Our Miss Brooks ass on ice, already. Ain’t gonna be no congeniality lessons today. Charm school is closed due to an outbreak of I-don’t-give-a-damn-itis, got it? No juegues conmigo.”
A salacious smile blossomed on Madam Sonia as she eyed Trecille. She turned and, with her index finger, beckoned for the company to trail her. “Come, come, follow me.”
“This bitch,” Trecille said under her breath.
Tomika leaned over to Jina. “What’s Our Miss Brooks?”
Jina shrugged.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Madam Sonia led the ladies to one of the homes sitting in a line along the farthest part of her gated large-scale support group, and pushed the button for the doorbell. The wait for an answer was not a lengthy one. The door eased opened and there stood a woman with the same shade of skin as Tomika, the same figure as the girl, and even a similar style of eyeglass frames. She was wearing a black, polka dot swing dress, and her lips were the same shade as the other two women the visitors had seen in the community. “Oh, hello, Madam Sonia. What brings you by? I thought our meeting wasn’t until later this week.”
“It is, Nicole. I was just bringing some company by.” Madam Sonia stepped out the way and revealed the guests behind her.
Nicole’s sight made a direct fix on Tomika. Those unmistakable eyes. There was no doubt that her baby was standing before her. She covered her mouth gasping and took a step backward. “Oh, my goodness... Tomika?”
“Hey,” she said softly with a gentle wave.
Nicole burst into laughter and ran to Tomika and pulled her into a tight hug. “I can’t believe you’re here. My goodness, you’ve gotten so big. I mean I’ve seen you on television, but still... it’s you. You’re here.”
“Now, Nicole, I understand your excitement, but we must not forget our manners,” said Madam Sonia.
“Oh, yes, of course. My apologies.” Nicole released Tomika and went back to her doorway. “Would you all like to come in?”
“We certainly would. Thank you, Nicole,” said Madam Sonia.
The women stepped inside and found a great surprise in the modernity of the home in consideration of what seemed to be a mandatory vintage style of dressing. Nicole led them through the open kitchen and to the living area where she invited them to rest on her furniture set. “Would anyone like anything? A glass of water, coffee, tea?”
“You got any wine?” said Trecille.
“Don’t you think it’s a tad early to be drinking?”
“Never.”
“Well, I apologize, but I don’t have any alcohol in my home. Can I get you anything else?”
Trecille sucked her teeth and frowned. “No, I’m good..”
Mel tugged at Nicole’s dress. “Mama, can I have a snack?”
“No, Nakia. You should have eaten before you got here.” Nicole stepped away from Mel.
“Wow, harsh, much?” Jina said under her breath.
 Mel sighed. “It’s fine. I’m used to it. It’s a story for another day.”
“So, I imagine you have some questions for me, Tomika. Feel free to ask me whatever you like,” Nicole said.
“Oh, um... I don’t know. Favorite TV show?”
“Well, I always loved Three’s Company and Beverly Hills, 90210. Surprise, surprise, right? But right now, I’m completely obsessed with Dollhouse.”
Tomika made a deep gasp. “Okay, for real, is this a joke. Is all this for real, right now? I love Dollhouse. I mean Eliza Dushku?”
“She’s gorgeous, right?”
“Yes! You don’t even know. Tell her Jina.”
“Yeah, she sure has an affinity for the woman,” Jina said.
“But wait, wait, what’s your favorite food?” Tomika asked.
“I’d probably have to say shrimp. Almost any kind of seafood, really, but mostly shrimp. Fried. With a nice cocktail sauce.”
Tomika made a deep gasp again. “Oh, my goddess. Are you even being for real, right now?” She turned to Trecille. “Mom, for real. Did you set this up? ‘Cause this is getting spooky now. You know how much I love shrimp. Tell her, mom.”
“Yeah, she certainly loves her some shrimp,” Trecille said.
“One of the benefits of living on the west coast is all of the fresh seafood. There’s actually a nice market not too far from here. I can go pick some up if you would like.”
“No, I’m good. But seriously, I can’t believe how much we have in common. It’s uncanny. And I never use the word ‘uncanny’.”
“It certainly is.  But do you have any other questions?”
“Well, everything’s pretty much been cleared up. I just wanted to meet you, and see what you were like. I guess the only question is... what’s the deal with this community-support-not-cult-group-thing?”
Nicole sighed. “Well, Tomika, when I was your age, I was a troublemaker. I was always instigating altercations, and having carnal relations, and abusing substances, and I was just out of control. They had a name for young ladies that did the things that I did: river girl.”
“I’m familiar with the term.”
“As I was getting older, I was becoming the definition of the term more and more. I was a very, very bad girl, using such vulgar language, and looking for men to lie down with...”
Madam Sonia tried ever so much to keep her attention on Nicole as she spoke, but her telling of her accounts of depravity triggered a base feeling within her, and it radiated through the fibers of her body. With her hands resting on her crossed legs, she began to delicately play with the hem of her skirt as it arched over knees. And her breathing began to fall shallow as her sight repeatedly swept over to Trecille. And as stationary and poised as she was sitting, she just could not calm her hands. Her thoughts would not let her. The tips of her fingers crossed over the border of her garment to swirl over the smoothness of her stockings. She kept her eyes to the floor and its designs. Anything to keep her mind on a pure path. But she just kept coming back to taking glances at Trecille, and the more she did, the more her hunger deepened in her body. There was a sweetness in that woman that was stoking a madness in her, and she dared not to resist it anymore. She wanted that sweetness. She needed it.
“...And after I hit that low point in my life, I knew I had to change. And that’s when I found Madam Sonia,” said Nicole. “She’s been helping all of us in the Sisterhood learn how to be proper women with our ultimate goal being finding a man and live an enriched life as a good housewife.”
“So, in other words, she’s undoing everything feminism has done the past 40 years? I’m sorry, but no cute outfit is worth that,” Jina said.
“No, it isn’t like that at all. Madam Sonia makes sure that we retain a sense of empowerment. It’s our choice to want to cater to men. Tell them, Madam Sonia.”
Madam Sonia broke from her trance. “Pardon?”
“Tell them about the doctrines your program.”
“Oh, yes, of course.” Madam Sonia stood. “But first, I would like to dash back to my home to pick up a bottle of wine. I completely forgot that one should always bring a gift when visiting friends.”
“Oh, that’s not necessary, Madam Sonia. This is only a little casual gathering. And you know I don't drink anymore.”
“But your guests, dear. Think of your guests.” Madam Sonia looked to Trecille. “Ms. Trecille, was it? Could you help me choose a good vintage? You seem to be knowledgeable of such things.”
“Anything to get away from this chick and her depressing E!-True-Inglewood-Story-ass. Let’s go.”
“We’ll be right back, ladies.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Madam Sonia and Trecille did not speak to each other on the way to the house. While Trecille just did not want to talk to the woman, Madam Sonia’s quiet came from her putting all her control into effect lest she succumb to her longing there on the pavement for all to see. Restraint was so difficult. The object igniting her impulses was there at her side, so close that her lovely scent could tickle her nose. When they entered the home, designed not unlike Nicole’s, Madam Sonia let Trecille precede her so she could watch her make a happy beeline to the wine cabinet in the living room straight ahead.
Trecille crouched down to examine the selections and grew more and more surprised at each label she came across. “Damn, these is all the good stuff right here. You sure you wanna waste these on a gift to Nicole?”
“Oh, it’s fine,” Madam Sonia said as she crept over to Trecille. Her appetite amplified as her heels tapped across the floor. Her lips moistened as she stood over the woman unknowing of the sensation she was driving deep into her most tender parts. She leaned over to put her mouth to Trecille’s ear as she caressed her shoulders. “I’ve bet you’ve made some terrible mistakes in your life, haven’t you, Ms. Trecille? You’ve been a bad girl, haven’t you, dear?”
Trecille’s eyes flicked open wide. “Whoa-ho-ho! Pause, Dita Von Skeeze. My pussy pendulum don’t swing that way.” Trecille palmed Madam Sonia’s face and shoved her away to fall back onto her bottom.
With a demented grin and yellowing eyes, Madam Sonia leaped and charged at Trecille to tackle her and pin her to the floor. Trecille twisted to the left and the right to get the beastly little woman off of her chest, but Madam Sonia’s nails elongated through the sleeves of Trecille’s jacket and pierced the wood underneath to fasten her arms to the floor. “I usually like to have my women unconscious when I do this,” Madam Sonia said with a raspy hiss in her voice and her slender tongue snaking around her lips, “but there’s something more delicious about seeing the fear in your eyes.” Her tongue stretched and darted down into the woman’s throat.
Trecille kicked and struggled and tried her best to scream as some kind of energy was being pulled out of her body. She chomped down hard on the foreign appendage in her.
“Yeths! Yeths, bieth me har,” Madam Sonia lisped, pleasured. “Ah wan mah bluh ino mou.”
Trecille gave a quizzical look up to the woman. “Whah?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

At Nicole’s house, Tomika felt a breeze go through her hair and it troubled her. “You guys, there’s something wrong with mom. My wind sense—still patent pending—is tingling.”
“Wait, your what?” said Mel.
“I’ll explain on the way. Let’s go.”
With Tomika leading, the ladies got out of their seats and ran out of the house to dash down the street.
Tomika kicked in Madam Sonia’s front door and paused in shock at the sight with the rest of the company to follow in similar action.
“Tahmeetha, hehlth!” Trecille screamed.
“Don’th intafere!” Madam Sonia raised her hand and fired a bright and long pulse of energy to the group of women. 
Jina jumped to the left and Mel grabbed Nicole to dive to the right to get out of the blast’s path through the door. Tomika dove forward into a roll under the blast, and sprung up to use her hands to guide all of the granite countertops in the kitchen to fly into Madam Sonia. The weight of the load sent Madam Sonia crashing through the back wall of her home and ripped her tongue out of Trecille’s mouth. Trecille rolled over onto her side and coughed out a few droplets of blood.
“You okay, mom?” Tomika asked.
Trecille coughed again. “Go kill that bitch extra hard for me ,” she said low and bitterly.
Tomika gave her an assured nod and jumped through the hole to stand before the monster crawling out of the rubble. “Killer charm, go!” She transformed into Mimi Lenoira.
Mel jumped in front of Mimi and pulled from inside her jacket a gold badge that she held out towards the monster. “Madam Sonia, you are under arrest! If you do not come quietly, then as a Royal Angel and Officer of the Los Angeles Police Department, I will be required to use excessive force to apprehend you! You’re not going to jail; you’re going to Hell!”
“What a cute little couplet, but—”
“Enough talk!” Mimi said. She clasped her hands together to call for the granite to come together with the pavement of the patio and form a shrinking shell around Madam Sonia.
Rosie the security guard came into Nicole’s backyard, stun gun in  hand and concerned neighbors at her side. “What is all the racket?”
Mimi squeezed her hands together tighter and tighter, but all of her might could not contain Madam Sonia who fired her energy pulses to break out of her stone cage. There she stood with her disheveled hair strewn across her face; dangling tongue dripping with saliva and blood; and her long,  jagged nails. Rosie the security guard and the neighbors quickly retreated.
Madam Sonia retracted her nails and reeled her tongue back into her mouth. “My goodness, I apologize for that showing of my discourteous side like that, but I just could not control myself with such tasty regret in that woman you brought to me. All of her hatred and misery was just begging to be sucked out.”
“What are you talking about?” Mimi asked.
“Delicious regret, my dear. When the women of my community sleep, I sneak into their homes and gently suck out all of their scrumptious painful memories. It keeps them happy, and it keeps me powerful and oh, so satiated. A win-win situation if I do say so myself.”
“What you’re doing is wrong. You’re stealing,” said Mel. “At least, I think it’s stealing. Do you mind if I take a sidebar to look this up in my handbook?”
“I’m only doing what I can to help these women, dear. They come to me broken and depressed, but I take all their pain away from them little by little. They forget the worst parts of their selves and let me re-educate them on how to be proper ladies.”
“So, you’re brainwashing them?” Mimi said.
“Exactly. I am cleansing their minds of all the bad things they’ve done. Be it a lie, a crime, maybe even an illegitimate child. I erase the mistakes.”
Madam Sonia’s words slipped into Nicole’s ears and sickened her. She came from Trecille’s side to stand at the living room wall’s hole. “Look here, Madam Sonia, I have done and gone through plenty of things that I’d happily let you take from my mind, but my children are not mistakes. Had I known that this was what your intentions were, I would have told you to go screw yourself on the first day.”
“I’ve made you a better woman, Nicole, and with everything you’ve told me about Miss Nakia, why wouldn’t you want to forget her?”
“Because I love her anyway.”
Mel perked up halfway to cheerful tears. “Oh, my God, you love me, mama? No foolin’?”
“Shut up, Nakia.”
Mel went glum and dropped her head. “Aw, mama.”
“If these are your feelings, Nicole, then can I assume you wish to resign from my program?”
Nicole put up her middle fingers. “How’s this for a resignation, hoe?” She looked to Mimi and Mel. “Get her, girls.”
“Gladly.” Mel put her badge to the sky. “Agent Red, angel up!” she cried. A gem in the center of her badge glowed and showered her in a red light to change her outfit. A pair of black, knee-high, high-heeled boots; a short, red skirt; and a cropped red jacket over a black top. All of her clothing shimmered as if it were coated in tiny jewels.
Mimi stood astonished as Mel’s flash of light faded to show her change. “Holy crap, you’ve got superpowers, too?”
Mel pulled her rapier-style sword from its sheath attached to her belt. “Someone’s gotta keep these LA streets safe, little half-sis. That’s what me and my team do.”
“You’ve got a team, too?!”
Madam Sonia unleashed her claws. “Two on one? This should be fun.”
Mel ran towards Madam Sonia and slashed at her. In the drop of the blade, Madam Sonia got a grip on it and used it to yank Mel down towards her knee. Mel grabbed the knee and used it to spring herself into a roll over Madam Sonia’s back. She turned around and kicked Madam Sonia into Mimi’s direction. Mimi called for a wall of stone to shoot out of the ground for Madam Sonia to meet with her face. Mimi shoved her foot through the wall and kicked Madam Sonia back to Mel who sliced a wound open on her face. Madam Sonia retaliated with an explosive scratch to Mel’s stomach. Mel spiraled backwards but managed to stay on her feet. She winced as she touched the four long marks letting her blood loose.
Madam Sonia laughed. “That’s what you get for dressing like a two-bit wench!” A wave of stone rushed from the ground and smashed into Madam Sonia's stomach to send her flying across the yard. She hit the ground, bounced, and rolled to a stop.
“And that’s what you get for stopping to talk during a fight,” Mimi said.
Madam Sonia dug her hands into the dirt and pushed herself to stand. “You think... you’re so great... Princess..., but you are the most graceless royal figure I have ever seen.”
“Let me guess. You’re a shade.”
“Bingo, dear. But I am not going back to that den of depravity.” Two bony arms tore through the skin of her back and reached over her shoulders. Soaked in a viscous, green fluid, holes in the palms grew bright and shot great streams of bright energy to the two girls. On her original hands, she materialized a slew of sharp discs of energy and fired them one after another.
Mel jumped towards Mimi to grab her under the arms and carry her along with her leap into the sky as wings grew on her boots to give her flight. She zipped from one side to other, weaving through and dodging all of Madam Sonia’s attacks, but the woman did not lessen her assaults.
“Take me a bit higher, then let me go. I got a new move I wanna try out,” Mimi said.
“You got it.” With Madam Sonia’s onslaught tailing behind, Mel soared straight up into the sky. Then, she dropped Mimi.
Wind whipped through Mimi’s hair and across her clothes as she fell to the ground. She brought her wrist up to her face and called out, “Dragon charm, go!” A green ring opened up before her for her to fall inside, and in an instant, she came out the other side atop the dragon with her black jacket now white.
“Wha— what?! When did you get that?!” Madam Sonia cried.
The dragon ascended back up into the air to let Mel jump onto her back. “You ready to take this proper bitch out?” Mimi said.
“Let’s show her what we call grace in South River and Inglewood.”
Mimi pulled her sword from its sheath. “Godai Kasai!” The sword grew a set of teeth along the blade and sprouted a flame at the hilt. The dragon looped around and flew into a straight path to Madam Sonia, racing unscathed through her surge of energy blasts. “Byakuren Fushichou!” Mimi cried.
“Royal Heart-Heart Slash!” Mel cried.
The dragon ran beside Madam Sonia to let the girls’ swords cut through the woman. Mel and Mimi jumped off of the dragon to land daintily and curtsey while Madam Sonia shrieked behind them as she exploded in a flaming cloud of red and purple. The scream’s echo was all that was left of the woman as the dust and smoke settled. Mimi and Mel turned to each other to high five.
Jina led the ladies leaving the safety of the home to congratulate the girls. “Oh, my god, how badass were you two out there?” she said. “Almost makes me wish I had superpowers so I can join the sister act.”
“That reminds me,” Mimi said as her clothes flashed to change back to her civilian outfit, “where did you get your powers from, Mel? Did the police give them to you?”
Mel’s clothes changed back to her civilian outfit. “No, I joined with the LAPD after I got my powers. I got them from my friend Arabella who’s a princess on a planet beyond the Kuiper Belt. She just dropped out of the sky one night back in June. Oh, fun fact: The Asteroid Belt actually contains a dimensional gate that exits out through the Kuiper Belt. Pretty cool, right?”
“So, you were involved with all that alien stuff in California back during the summer? That was back when the Pretty Killers first came together, and it was the reason we couldn’t get some military help with all of the anomalies running around.”
“Well, the military didn’t help my team’s first battle, either, so I don’t know who said they were here. But from what I remember, you had everything under control, anyway.” Mel gave Tomika a soft punch to the arm.
Tomika went a bit coy. “Yeah, well, I try.”
“So, what’re you gonna do now that your landlord-slash-not-cult-leader is dead, Nicole?” Trecille asked.
“I don’t know. I really don’t wanna stay here ‘cause even though it felt like I was finally becoming someone that I was happy with, it just doesn’t feel like me, you know? All those pleasantries and crap? Who needs that?”
“Well, you know you can always come stay with me, mama,” Mel said. “I mean I know we’ve had our problems, but maybe all this stuff happened today so you and I could make up and finally be close like how Ms. Trecille is with her girls. We could go shopping, and watch trashy TV, and bake cookies, and play board games, and go horseback riding, and have spa days, and just talk about stuff, you know? It’d be so much fun. So, what do you say? How does that sound?”
“Shut up, Nakia.”
Mel went glum and dropped her head. “Aw, mama.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

More hugs were exchanged and smiles were shared as Nicole and Mel said goodbye to Trecille, Jina, and Tomika who were getting ready to board an airplane back home. The past few days were undoubtedly eventful, but compared to what was expected from the all-expense-paid trip’s itinerary, what ensued far surpassed it all. And for Tomika, gaining an addition to her abilities and meeting her birth mother were supremely high points, even if the second one came with learning that a peculiarity she once mocked Jina for having, she now shared with her. But in a family with a demi-goddess princess, an adult entertainer/police officer with alien-given abilities, and a girl that summoned spirits by voiding her body of blood, the definitions of normal and strange can blur exceedingly. Still, after another thought, Tomika did come to the conclusion that it would be best if she did not revisit Mel’s scenes, no matter how immaculate her body was or how exquisitely she could perform.
“I really wish you could stay so we can get to know each other a little bit better,” said Nicole to Tomika, “but you’ve gotta get back to your studies. You don’t wanna end up in community college like this one over here.” She gestured to Mel.
“Hey, there’s nothing wrong with community college,” said Mel. “And how can you even say anything when you didn’t even go to college?”
“That’s right, honey, be proud of that two year certificate,” Trecille said.
“Anyway,” Tomika said, “you can call me or tweet me if you wanna reach me. You too, Mel.”
“Will do, little half-sis. Have a safe flight.”
“I really don’t think that’s up to us.”
“Well, you know what I mean.”
And with that, the families departed for their destinations. Jina, Tomika and Trecille went to join the line of people boarding the plane while Nicole and Mel went in the opposite direction to leave the airport.
“Mama, why do you always give me such a hard time? I mean it feels like I’ve been saying ‘I’m sorry’ for years. What’s it gonna take for you to forgive me for all that stuff?”
“I forgave you a long time ago. I just like messing with you.”
“Oh. Really? Does that mean you’ll finally go out to dinner with me?”
“Are you paying?”
“Sure. Whatever you want.”
“Well, yeah, let’s go. And I want you to introduce me to some of your porn friends, too. Any one of them who got a huge—”
“Mama!”
“What? I was just gonna say ‘house’. You saw how small those condos were. A girl's gotta have some space.”
Mel laughed and wrapped her arms around Nicole to hug her as they walked. “Aw, mama.”
“Yeah, can we do without the touching?”




Chapter Sixteen
Hell Hath No Fury


Competition was well alive at Hester Prynne™ High. From war waged with rubber balls in the gymnasium to battles with words in debate class, the art honed through millennia of organized arguments with the intent of determining superiority entered the students’ spirits and minds to make an attempt in bringing out of them a level of ferocity just under what was needed for survival but more than enough to convince the abetting instructors that they deserved a good grade. In Professor Green’s class, a debate of another kind was taking place, and anticipation mounted as the opposing parties took their places at the front of the room. It was Beef versus Britney in a rap battle.
With a microphone in his hand and excitement in all of his motions, Professor Green stood between the teens with scowls locked on their faces. “All right, youngsters, we got two of the best up next. Kilroy and Kefferstein in the ring. Now, I don’t even have to stress what we about to witness, here. Let’s just get into it. Britney, you won the coin toss. Who’s going first?”
“Let that fat ass go first.”
The class and Professor Green whooped, all amused by the girl’s response, but it deepened the disdain in Beef. “All right, let’s get this started,” Professor Green said. He passed the microphone to Beef and stepped out of center stage to take a seat on the edge of his desk as one of the students at a pair of turntables quickly scratched an album back and forth before letting it start up its bass-heavy beat and mellow melody.
Beef nodded his head to the music and absorbed all of the components of the track to conclude how best to string together the observations and insults he laid out in his mind as soon as he learned Britney would be his opponent. A couple of months back, he would have laughed at the match-up and romped through the bout, but with good reason there was no fear in the girl’s eyes, and because of her poise, he knew the sharpest part of his mind would be needed as his weapon in this moment. His reputation was put down as a prize, and all he had to protect it was his wit. May what is holy to believers help him. “Yo... yo...,” he began.

“Girl if you wanted beef, you could’ve asked for the meat
‘Cause you know I stay packin’ like cops with the heat
And when I whip it out, bet it drop to your feet
Then I whip you like Old Testament, talkin’ old prejudice
I go nuts like Payday’s, AJs, and Snickers
And I’m-a make your ass sorry that you ever said nigga
You wanna act black, but I hear your rap’s wack
You sound like a knock-off of me when I take a wet crap
Chick, I take naps. I’ll use your titties as pillows
Here’s the deal though, I’m being so for real though
Yo, I ain’t joking. Go get me a meal, hoe
Might let you cut something, then give you some real dough
Yo, I’m off the subject, but my rap is mathematical
Do us all a favor and take a Sabbatical
Go back to talkin’ white like ‘wicked’ and ‘radical’
Fact: I run this. No tackles or laterals
Honkies pattern themselves after black chicks with asses
Honkies take all my culture and put it in textbooks for classes
And you know they water it down and serve it up to the masses
Won’t prove myself to you or this dude with the glasses”
The student DJ gave the record a sharp spin to halt the music as Beef tossed the microphone to Professor Green. “Okay, a little pimp-ish and a little conscientious. Good job, Beef. Let’s hear what Brit’s got to say.” He handed the microphone to Britney, and returned to his spectator position as the student started up a different instrumental. It was a more zestful beat with a looping vintage-sounding piano and bass line.
Britney let herself fall deeply and get lost in the music. Even before taking the class, she was no stranger to the genre of hip-hop, but her appreciation of it had flourished since. She found that she could resonate with some of the more intimate lyrics in certain songs, and they provided her with an outlet for the darker and somber feelings that she had built up in Tennessee. The fury that she, with her team, brought to the battlefield, she was ready to bring to this battle. “Listen...

Someone tell Flex I’m ‘bout to blow up, I’m a country bred bitch,
The yeast you could do is try to get your dough up
This flow could make the man in tights put the bow up
‘Cause it bring fiends out quicker than peen to pedos, Gepetto
I pull the strings. I heard a better verse from the dude that stinks
on the Holes song ‘Dig It’. You kiddin'.
You softer than Twinkies. With a dick weaker than Pinky’s
This ain’t a Pokémon battle, so why is you coughing and wheezing?
See you think I’m just kiddin’ until your mommy goes missin’
But boy I give her the business, she’ll be cleanin’ my kitchen
I'm past competition, you bitch. Yeah, you got dissed
by someone who sits down when she's taken a piss.
Here’s my ass, you can give it a kiss. I didn't wipe. What for?
Already shittin’ on you. Pigeon in flight. I'm dirty
I'll wipe a booger on your carpet and fart
If you ain't come correct, why the hell did you get me started
Retarded. With your Kmart kicks.
Those Shaqs is killin' me. For real. Call me dearly departed
You slay me, my homie. I ain't jokin', you slay me
You ain't got the codecs, so don't even try to play me
Screw the 10 Commandments, dude you only need three:
Don’t be lookin’, Don’t be touchin’ Don’t be fuckin’ wit’ me
This is rawer than Eddie, this rawer than beef
Ice Cube shit. Fuck you. No Vaseline”

The students wasted no time in lavishing Britney with hoots and hollers for accolades that snapped her from her combative mindset and put her into something of an embarrassed grace. She shrunk down into her shoulders and tried to hide her smile. “Oh, wow. Thanks, y’all.”
“Hey, don’t be shy, B. Take those props. You deserve ‘em. You had excellent flow, amazing punchlines. I would stay away from talking about mamas but otherwise, you might have a career in this.”
Beef disgustedly sucked his teeth. “Man, this is bunk. Asians already stole dancing from us, and now white people taking over rap. Can black people have anything to ourselves anymore?”
“Don’t be hatin’, dude. Take your loss like a man.” Professor Green gave Beef a pat on the shoulder.
Beef sneered. “If this Theodore-Tugboat-lookin’ ass don’t get outta here with that crap...,” he thought. He ripped his shoulder away from the teacher and sulked on the way back to his desk.
Britney, too, returned to her seat situated in front of Beef’s, and she turned to face him as he gathered up his belongings. “I’m sorry if I offended you by talkin’ ‘bout’cha mother. I just kinda blackout and get in the zone, you know? Words just start comin’ out and then I say the wrong thing, and I’m like ‘oops... I did it again.’”
Beef held his glare of displeasure, but he broke into a laugh. “Aw, I can’t stay mad at a thick-ass white girl. It’s not your fault that white people like it when white people do black things so they can like black culture without admitting they like black people. Besides, I should’ve come up with some better disses anyway. What’s the worst way to hurt a white girl’s feelings? Like, say she’ll never be as pretty as Anne Hathaway or something?”
“Um... I guess that would upset some girls?”
The bell rang and the students began to exit through the door, but it slammed shut. The windows locked automatically, and the lights flickered, and the bell’s pitch warped. The students traded confused and worried glances. Then, a ping came from the speaker system.
“Attention students and staff,” said Principal O’Lanski, “we seem to be having a malfunction with the school’s lockdown system. Please bear with us for a few minutes while we try to reprogram this dumbass piece of crap. If you’re already in the halls, just go to the cafeteria and get a taco or something.” Principal O’Lanski sighed. “I swear to God, I hate this school. ...What? ...I don’t give a damn if the kids can hear me. I—” The speaker clicked off.
“You heard the man,” said Professor Green. “Just chill for a bit and talk amongst yourselves.”
“Hell yeah. Now, I can finish my Creative Writing homework,” said Beef. He took out a notebook from his backpack. “Hey, Brit, if your only child was kidnapped by a drug lord and the only thing standing between you and getting the kid back was a horde of zombies, what would you do? Like, how would you feel?”
“I’m gonna need a bit more context to answer somethin’ like that. Lemme see your story.”
“Okay, but hurry up. I need to do some finishing edits on it.” He gave her his notebook.
Britney’s interest heightened as soon as her eyes scanned over the title. “Oh, wow, ‘The Origin of the Pretty Killers’?”
“Yeah. Since we still don’t really know where they came from or anything, my teacher wants us to come up with an origin story.”
“This should be interestin’.” She cleared her throat. “’The tart scent of cigarette smoke mixed with the tangy aroma of—’”
“Can you not read it aloud, please?”
“Oh, my bad.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The tart scent of cigarette smoke mixed with the tangy aroma of whiskey and remained heavy in the air as if the two vices were the only things being offered on the menu in the tavern. Men made idle talks under the dim lights, for they had no urgent matters that needed attending. No one who stopped to come into this little mark on the desert’s burning gold land ever did. It was just a place to get lost and lose yourself and maybe leave whatever was troubling you to dry up in the tortuous heat outside. It was a place that no one knew directions to. No one told another how to get there. There was no attraction to compel one to want to be between those dingy wooden walls. It was just a place that one found one’s self in on the road in the middle of a journey, never at a start or an ending.
Opposite of the bar sat a stage, and on that stage was a woman in the middle of her own tale. It was a love story of sorts, and she was determined to conclude it with a “happily ever after”, no matter the cost. But for now, she stood on that stage. Microphone in its stand before her, a spotlight above her, and a three-piece band behind her.
“Hello, guys. My name is Kayzi Muerte, and, if you don’t mind, I’d like to sing you a song. Class this joint up a bit, you know?”
“How about you... let my joint class you up, huh?” a man called out, slurring. Added to his raspy laugh and the sentiment were more laughs and hoots from the other men around him.
Kayzi chuckled. “Well, it’s plain to see what’s on you guys’s minds. I got just the song for you.” The band started playing. A plucky lowing from a double bass matched with a warm melody from a piano and a gentle brushing against the snare drum heads. “This song’s about when that little malady sneaks up on you, that unwholesome condition. And you just need someone to come take care of it, you know?” She took a delicate hold on the microphone with the centers of her fingers and swayed to the soft and slow music. Her eyelids dressed with long lashes laid over much of her eyes, a shirt tied up to show off her well-toned abdomen, and in a pair denim shorts that were cut high up on her thighs, she fed nothing but humble seduction to the drooling audience. She let her words slowly slip away.

“There’s a fever in my lips,
And an ache in my head.
Won’t you take off my clothes
and lay me down in your bed?
Take care of me.
Can you ease my misery?
I don’t care if it hurts;
I just need your medicine to work.

Shoot me up with your love
I just can’t get enough
Oh, how I love that drug
Shoot me up with your love”

As the band played a short instrumental section, Kayzi took the microphone out of its stand and crept down the stage stairs with her eyes sneaking from one side of the room to the other. She wanted to keep her sight fixed on each of the mesmerized guys. Cat-like she was in each step, and each step revved up their heart’s blood circulation until the speed heated their bodies to sweating. She slinked through the tables to give the guys a caress on the chest or cheek or hair as she passed while crooning.

“You might break the skin
When you put your love in
Don’t you know how I need that cure
I can’t help it; I’ve been feeling so impure
Won’t you take care of me?
Ease my misery.
Baby, don’t you stall
Won’t you come on over for a house call”

Kayzi came to up a rugged-looking man sitting alone and gave a forceful sweeping kick to one of the legs of his chair to spin him away from the table. She sat on his lap and threw her head back to drape her hair over his shoulder as she sang the song’s refrain. She could feel his chest rising and falling on her back and his rough palms traveling up her thighs. Just as his hands touched fabric, she rolled off of his body and ran her fingertips across his lips to say goodbye before going on about her tantalizing switching back to the stage.

“Shoot me up with your love
I just can’t get enough
Oh, how I love that drug
Shoot me up... with... your.... love”

With a flourish, the band brought the song to a close. Kayzi took a bow for the showering of applause. “Thank you, guys. It’s really been a dream of mine to be a singer. I appreciate the generous owner of this place for giving me a chance to be up here. Make sure you tip him.”
“Encore!” a man cried. He was joined by concurring shouts.
“Oh, no, I’m sorry, guys. I gotta go,” Kayzi said remorsefully.
The men groaned.
“But I promise I’ll be back. I swear I never forget a face or a place. But how about a hand for the band? These guys are good, right?” The men clapped for the ensemble and Kayzi walked off to a side door.
Like the immediate switch in temperature from the comfort of the building’s air conditioning to the dry heat outside, Kayzi flipped her demeanor to a complete opposite of the cheeriness that she wore inside. She let loose a disgusted shudder that she had been keeping restrained though her close contact with the grimy everything of the audience. She undid the knot in her shirt and straightened out the wrinkles.
“Nice show in there,” said a man.
Kayzi turned to the source of the voice and saw a man leaning against a classic model Ford Mustang. Seeing his chest, tattooed and glistening, under a vest re-ignited her smile, but it was all smug, nothing flirty. “Well, well, well..., Castro Connor. People did warn me to look out for snakes out here, and what do you know, here you are.”
“What’s your count up to, Kay? Two? Three?”
“Three, now. Slipped some poison onto some guy’s lips. In about a minute, he’ll be deader than the batteries in an ugly girl’s vibrator.”
“I’m conflicted, Kayzi. I’ve got an angel on my shoulder telling me to take you in right now, but there’s a devil that keeps saying ‘No. Let her kill some more. Let her bounty go up.’ Do you see my problem?”
“The only problem I see is that you care more about money than me getting your niece back. You think I like killing these people? I just want Rose back.”
“Yeah, well you chose to get involved with the guys you did. I warned you, and now look at how your life turned out: You’re a widow, a murderer, and your child is in the hands of a drug lord. Guess you should’ve laid down with this snake when you had the chance.”
“That’s all you can think about? There’s a little girl in the hands of some bad people, and all you’re worried about is blowing your load in your sister-in-law’s face?”
“Chest. Lower back. Wherever you want it. I’m a nice guy.”
“If you really were a ‘nice guy’, you would help me get my girl back from this asshole. But I guess that’s expecting way too much from the lowlife who set his own brother up. I’m only in my situation because of you.”
“Like I said, you made your choice.”
“You really are a class act.”
“Tell you what, Kay, just ‘cause I don’t wanna fight with you, why don’t I give you a ten second head start? I won’t even start counting til I see your wheels spin.”
“You’re such a douche bag.”
“I will gladly accept the title if it means I’m gettin’ some close-up action with vaginas.”
Kayzi lips curled down in unbridled disgust and she groaned. She rolled her eyes as she turned around to run to her car. A 1970 Chevy Impala. She hopped in over the door and put her key into the console. She started the engine, shifted the gear to drive, and jammed her foot down on the accelerator to peel off on to the road. Castro got into his car and sped right after.
Kayzi had no intention of playing a game of cat and mouse. She got a firm grip on her steering wheel, pressed a button in the console, and ignited a fiery boost out of the back of the car as she swerved onto the unpaved part of land to kick up a heavy cloud of dust. Castro jerked his steering wheel to turn away from the wave of dust rushing towards him but avoiding its enveloping was useless. Then, an intense motorized droning approached him and circled around before fading out ahead of him. It was moving too quickly to even identify the object that was making it, but what he did see was a device stuck to his passenger side window. It had a small flashing red dot on it and a counter that was running backwards from three.
Castro’s face flattened. “Aw, crap.”
A massive explosion resounded and speeding from the fire was Minnie Capitan, cackling on a motorcycle. Kayzi saw the smoke in her rear-view mirror and smirked at her partner tailing her, but both girls found their celebration cut short when they heard the chopping of helicopter blades coming from above. Kayzi craned her neck out of her window and saw the aircraft fast approaching.
“Arizona State Police, stop your vehicle now!” said an amplified voice from the helicopter.
Kayzi pulled out a gun from under the seat and shot twice at the helicopter, but they evaded. An officer aimed a rifle at Kayzi’s car and fired a spider-like apparatus into the trunk. It sparked and sent a pulse into the vehicle to short out the engine. But then, it set off a fire in the tubes of the boosting system, and the back of the car spat out a flame that launched the tail of the car up, jerking Kayzi into the windshield. Debris from the car tumbled out in front of Minnie and smacked her in the face. Metallic pieces cut into her bike’s tires and made her ride too bumpy to stay on. She flew forward, smacked the sand and skidded across it. As both girls were immobilized with burning and bleeding wounds the helicopter approached for a landing.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Kayzi and Minnie sat idly within the confines of the police station’s holding cell. Though she was quiet, the frustration from hours spent staring at three blank walls and mentally replaying all events from her daughter being taken away to the slam of the cell door clawed away at Kayzi’s insides and hurt more than the cuts on her face. She wanted to cry, but she could not. She just curled up on the bench, and closed her eyes. She laid her head against the wall and prayed that she was asleep so she could wake up to find that the past month had just been a sick nightmare.
At the front of the station, a man arrived and took the attention of the sheriff sitting at the reception desk. “Oh, there you are,” the sheriff said. “I was starting to think you weren’t going to show.”
“I was busy taking care of the other employees,” the man said.
The sheriff put a clipboard holding a little stack of papers out on the desk. “You know the drill. Just pay and be on your way.”
The man began to scribble his signature but he stopped when he saw a glimpse of Kayzi and Minnie. “Whoa, wait a minute. How much for those two back there?”
“Sorry, brother. Can’t let you take them. I know they’re pretty, but those two are killers. No bail.”
“Come on, sheriff, I got, like, half of my hoes from you. Murder charges never mattered to you before. Why are they different?”
“They’re mass murderers, and very feisty. I don’t think even you could train them.”
“Sheriff, you must have forgotten who you’re talking to. I’m Axe Delgado. There ain’t a girl out there that I can’t train.”
“You obviously ain’t training your girls to not get caught.”
“Why are you complaining? Basically, I’m keeping the lights on in this place. Now, how about you let my lady out, and I’ll give an extra $300,000 each for those girls?”
“You good for it?”
Axe pulled a few bundled stacks of one hundred dollar bills out of his jacket and dropped them on the desk. “You keep forgetting who you’re talking to, sheriff.”
The sheriff took a stack and flipped through the bills. Then, he looked up at Axe. “Okay, but if I find out they’re killing in my county again, I’m holding you responsible.” He put the money in a drawer, locked it, and led Axe to the back of the station. In one of the cells, there was a woman. Frazzled hair, a tight dress, and a pair of too-high high-heeled shoes. As soon as she saw the two men, a big smile spread across her face marked with streaks of mascara. The sheriff put his key in the door and unlocked it. As soon as those hinges creaked, she ran out to throw herself up against Axe’s body.
“Oh, my God, thank you so much, sir. I’m sorry I—”
“Shut up.” Axe shoved the girl into a wall and walked on to Kayzi and Minnie’s cell.
“Muerte... Capitan,” the sheriff said as he unlocked the door, “get up. You’re free to go.”
Kayzi opened her eyes. “Wha— what’s going on?”
“You’re coming with me, ladies.”
“Who are you?”
“The name’s Axe.”
“What, like the book in the Bible?”
“Not Acts. Axe. Like the cutting tool.”
“You’d better be happy he’s helping you. Learn some respect,” said the disheveled woman.
“Bitch, didn’t I tell you to shut up?”
The woman cowered. “Sorry, sir.”
“Well, I’m definitely happy he’s helping. Let’s go,” said Minnie. She stood up, but Kayzi took her arm and pulled her back to the bench.
“Just a sec, Minnie. We ain’t going nowhere til the tool explains what he wants with us.”
“What does it matter what I want with you? All you need to know is I’m keeping you from taking a ride in the scary chair to hell.”
“I’d rather be dead than live a life indebted to someone.”
“Aren’t you already indebted to someone? But I mean if you don’t care about your daughter—”
“You son of a bitch!” Kayzi sprung up off of the bench and rushed up to Axe to pin him up against the wall with her arm to his neck. The woman and the sheriff tried to apprehend Kayzi, but she headbutted the sheriff, and jerked her head back to ram the back of her head into the woman’s nose, making her fall backwards to the ground. “What do you know about my daughter?”
Axe laughed. He took a tight grip on Kayzi’s wrist and, against her might, he pulled her arm out from under his head. He twisted her arm to spin her around and he kicked her in the back to make her stumble back into the cell. “Either you’re coming or not. Come on, Revlon.” Axe walked away to the front door.
With her hand on her nose and blood dripping down to her chin, the woman picked herself up off of the floor and looked at Kayzi with anger in her eyes. “If I start losing johns ‘cause of this fracture, you’re gonna pay.”
“Move your ass, Revlon!”
“Coming.” She turned and scampered to catch up with Axe.
The sheriff looked at Kayzi and Minnie. “Well, what do you wanna do? I don’t have all night.”
Minnie looked up at Kayzi. Kayzi sighed and rolled her eyes.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Kayzi and Minnie accompanied Axe and Revlon on the night ride through the silent streets. Rolling along with light traffic under warm lights and past beckoning signs and storefronts of chain outlets and restaurants, the radio playing music softly and the swooshing of cool air through the windows rolled down a bit made a nice ambiance enjoyed by all but Kayzi who had been sitting noticeably irate for the first quarter mile. “Where are we going?” she asked.
“I’m taking you to where Revlon and her friends live. They’re gonna get you cleaned up and ready for an appointment tonight.”
“What appointment?” Minnie asked.
“There’s this guy named Sanderson, and for the past month, he’s been asking ‘Have you seen Minnie and Kayzi? Have you seen Minnie and Kayzi?’ By the way, are your last names really Capitan and Muerte, or are those just aliases?”
“Is Revlon’s name really Revlon?” Kayzi asked.
“Yes. It says Revlon La Rue right over two disappointed parents on her birth certificate.”
“Our names are what they gave us at the orphanage,” Minnie said. “There were seven of us girls, and the people just chose to give us fun names.”
“Orphanages still exist?” Revlon asked.
“Hey, zip it!” Axe said. “Why is it so goddamned hard for you to follow  some simple directions?”
“Why is it so goddamned hard for you to just let her say three frickin’ words?” Kayzi said.
“Because that fourth word is usually something stupid. The only thing that needs to come out of her mouth is whatever her customers put in there. And why do you care anyway? She’s none of your business.”
“I don’t care. I’m not gonna sit here and let you be a jerk to her for no reason like she’s some lesser human or something.”
“She’s my property; I’ll treat her how ever I want.”
“Really, Kayzi, it’s fine. I don’t mind,” said Revlon.
“Well, I do. If he thinks Minnie and I are gonna be sniveling at his dick just for getting us out of jail, he can forget about it.”
“Trust me, sweets, I don’t any of you anywhere near my dick.”
“Oh, what, we’re not special enough for the almighty Axe? We’re not worthy enough for his precious seed or whatever?”
“No. I’m gay.”
Kayzi shot him a baffled look. “Wait, for real? Are you serious?”
“Yeah. But don’t worry ‘bout putting up with me after tonight. I’m just taking you two to this guy ‘cause there’s a big payout in it for me. He said he wants you two ‘cause apparently he knows that you two have a high pain tolerance, which is good for the things he’s into, but bad for me ‘cause my girls can’t handle that level of kink. I don’t expect you and Minnie to actually do anything with him. I just assume maybe he knows some stuff that might help you with your daughter. He told me ‘bout her, and he told me to use her name to convince you to come with me if I ever saw you in jail when I do my rounds for dumb bitches like Rev.”
“Why are you even helping us?” Kayzi said.
“Why wouldn’t I wanna help a mama get her girl back? I see the end result of childhood trauma everyday. You think I want that kid to end up like Rev?”
“Fine, but if this guy wants me and Minnie so bad, why didn’t he come get us himself?”
“He doesn’t like to leave his house. He’s got no legs and doesn’t like people staring at him. I don’t know; he’s just a weirdo.”
“Well, if this guy really does know anything about where my girl is, he’s gonna have more to worry about than self-consciousness.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

After a stop at a house for a shower and a styling with the help of Revlon, Kayzi and Minnie went with Axe to the home of Sanderson. It was a two-story mansion with healthy vines of ivy wrapped around the bars of a gate holding the large yard of grass dotted with yellow patches and weeds. Axe pulled up into the circular drive and stopped in front of the porch to let the ladies out. He chaperoned them up to the front door, and rang the doorbell. After a few seconds of waiting, a large and tall man answered with a small and wrinkly, wheelchair-bound man at his side. He had a blanket covering his lap. With a black bag in his hand, the tall man stood stoic and glared down on the guests while the little man could barely control his excitement as he eyed the girls in their skimpy outfits. “I knew you’d come through for me,” he said with his nasally voice. “But, uh...” He motioned for Axe to bend down to his level to whisper into his ear. “They’re not wise on anything, are they?”
“Nah, you’re good. I found them dumb and desperate like all my chicks,” Axe whispered back.
“Good.” Sanderson squealed a bit. He, then, nudged the arm of the man beside him to give Axe the bag.
Axe opened the bag and examined one of the thick, tightly-packed stacks of one hundred dollar bills inside. “Looks like we’re good. Have fun.” He nudged Kayzi and Minnie for them to step into the house, and went back to his car.
The foyer had a great openness to it. There was a cozy air given to it from the framed art on the walls and the white-gold shine from the recessed lighting. And as it appeared that there was not one speck of dirt on the shiny marble floors stretching to the den in the back of the home, one could undoubtedly sense that more care was taken to the inside of the abode than the outside. The big man rolled Sanderson to a hallway, and the ladies followed. They came upon a door that had a rubber strip lining the space between the doorway and the door. It was something expected to be seen on a car door or a refrigerator. The man covered his mouth and nose as he threw the door open to let a bitter and cold stench rush forth. It instantly turned the ladies’ stomachs to nausea, but had no effect on Sanderson. As the man departed back down the hall, Sanderson gripped his wheels and pushed them to roll himself inside. “Well, now, don’t dawdle. Come on in,” he said.
Kayzi and Minnie could barely hold their vomit brewing up, and feeling the chunky liquid in their throats made them feel even more sickly. Their steps were hesitant into the dimly-lit room and with good reason. Upon entering, they found the horrific origin of the smell. Bodies. They were strewn up on hooks mounted on the walls and they were hanging flaccid from having been rid of their bones and organs. They were like coats with hollow faces.
“Excuse the mess, ladies,” said Sanderson. “This is just a little decoration to help me ‘get to the finish line’ if you know what I mean.” He giggled giddily. “Go ahead. Get on the bed.”
Kayzi and Minnie crawled up onto the wide mattress lined with a sheet of plastic. It felt like ice. “So, exactly what did you have in mind for us to do?” Minnie asked, forcing a smile.
“Do you see those tools on the nightstand? I want you to cut each other and play with your blood.”
Minnie picked up a scapula out of the assortment beside her and Kayzi and chuckled. “You’re kidding, right? You don’t want us to just play doctor? You want us to actually doctor each other?”
Sanderson whipped out a gun from under his blanket and aimed at the ladies. “Yes. Start at her stomach, and be sexy.”
Kayzi and Minnie stood on their knees and arched their backs to poke their buttocks out as they caressed each others body. Minnie put her forehead on Kayzi’s and stared into her eyes as she gently drew the tip of the scapula’s blade up the side of her dress. Sanderson slipped his idle hand into his pants to touch his penis. He could feel his blood flowing through every part of his body. “Yes...,” he whispered.
“You ready to see some blood?” Minnie asked.
“Oh, yes, a lot of it,” Sanderson said.
“Good.” Minnie whipped around and flung the scapula straight in Sanderson’s direction. It sailed smoothly and slid into the gun’s barrel to shove the bullet in the chamber back into the hammer, setting it off and igniting an explosion right in the man’s hand. He shrieked as two of his fingers blasted off to the ceiling with trails of red behind them.
Three burly men rushed in through the door with guns at ready. Minnie grabbed the remaining scapulae and hurled them into the eyes of the men. With blood streaming down like tears, they flailed around and fired blindly at the bed. Minnie and Kayzi had already leaped off of it and charged towards the guys. Minnie jumped and kicked one of the men in the chin to send him flying backwards into an armoire. Kayzi snatched up the gun that was shaken loose from his hand and shot all three men in their faces. She pointed the gun at Sanderson. He shrieked again. “You’ve got five seconds to tell me where my daughter is or the only load you’re gonna blow tonight is gonna be out the back of your head. Five.”
Sanderson screamed.
“Four.”
Sanderson screamed again.
“Three.”
“Kayzi, wait. Look at this.” Minnie stepped over the shaking body of one of the big men to get to a cardboard box that had fallen out of the armoire. Lying around the box was a collection of photographs.
“What is it?”
“Pictures.” Minnie scooped them up and skimmed through them, and the farther she got into the stack, the deeper concern grew on her face. “They’re of us... from when we were kids.”
“What?!”
“This sicko has topless pictures of us from when we were sleep at the orphanage!” Minnie said.
Kayzi gave a strong kick to the side of Sanderson’s wheelchair to tip it over and send the man to the floor. She jammed the heel of her shoe into the back of his bleeding hand and dropped down to put all of her weight onto his back as she knelt on him. She put the gun to his neck.
“Let me explain!” Sanderson cried.
“I don’t want a freakin’ explanation! Where’s my daughter?!”
“I don’t know!”
“Oh, no, he knows,” said Minnie. “He’s got pictures of her, too.”
The rage in Kayzi swelled to well over any level it had reached before. Her heart raced. She could not speak. Her vision blurred. Her breaths grew shorter. She felt hot, and her hands trembled. All of her anger and confusion and sadness mixed into a torrent of emotion and erupted into a scream as she started to pull the trigger.
“Mexico! She’s in Mexico.” Sanderson burst into tears.
“Where in Mexico?”
“Somewhere in Sinaloa. The last time Dio called me, it was from a 668 city code. I traded my hyper-benzoylmethylecgonine formula to him for pictures of your daughter. He’s using her hair and my formula to make drugs because there’s something special in your genes that makes the drug extremely addictive. I’m so sorry. I know you all don’t remember me, but I used to pay the owners of your orphanage to slip drugs into your supper, and when you were sleep, they took pictures and sent them to me, and I used to be able to get off to them, but I can’t anymore. I don’t even look at those things anymore, I swear. I needed the real thing, so I begged Axe to find you and bring you to me. I just wanted that old feeling back. Please. I’m sorry! I loved you all so mu—!”
Kayzi pulled the gun’s trigger and silenced Sanderson with a hole through his head. She cast the gun aside and stood up off of the man’s body. “Come on..., we’re done here. And take the box with you; we’re gonna burn that crap.”
The ladies ran out of the home and found Axe in the same spot from a few minutes ago. They got into the car.
“Well, that was quick,” Axe said. “Did you guys—? Holy crap! The hell is that smell? It’s like something died or something.”
“Long story,” Kayzi said. “Just take us to Sinaloa, Mexico.”
“How could it be a long story? You were only in there for, like, five minutes. And what do you mean just take you to Mexico, like it’s no big deal? Do you guys have passports or any ID?”
“It’s not hard to get into Mexico; it’s hard to leave Mexico.”
“I know you’re desperate to get your girl back, but come on.”
“I don’t know. I’ll think of something along the way. Just go!”
“Fine.” Axe started the car, shifted the gear into drive, and sped off into the night.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Sunlight touched Kayzi’s face and departed in as little as a second. Touch and run, touch and run. Stabs of heat playing peek-a-boo behind buildings and trees whizzing by stirred her from slumber. She opened her eyes to pastel-painted homes interspersed between vacant lots and grey and beige, flat-roofed, duplexes, with metal bars on the windows to guard them. She gently raised her head and took stock of the world through her window. Power lines crisscrossing overhead. A rusty street sign marked with the name Palo de Amapa. Then, one marking Palo de Guasima. Then Bulevar de Río Fuerte and a multitude of cars parked curbside, but absolutely no traffic ahead. “Where the hell are we? How long have I been asleep?” Kayzi said.
“Since Hermosillo, so four hours, I’d say? We’re in Los Mochis,” Axe said. “And it’s so weird..., I’ve been driving around this place for, like, fifteen minutes, and I have yet to see one person in any car or on any street. This place is just empty.”
“Do you think maybe everyone’s in their homes?” Minnie said.
“No idea.” Axe rolled to a stop at an intersection and scanned the street ahead. There was nothing there other than more empty buildings and a few more cars sitting idly in the road. The scene made them feel as if they were riding through a photograph rather than reality. 
“Something seriously hinky must’ve happened to make every last person just up and leave,” Kayzi said.
The car’s engine went silent. “Crap. Not, now,” Axe muttered. He turned the key in the ignition a few times, but only succeeded in getting an airy sputter and a clanking from under the hood. “Well, ladies, looks like this street just turned into a dealership. Hopefully, someone left their keys in their car before the aliens abducted them.”
“Dude.., you think it was aliens, too?” Minnie said..
Kayzi and Axe swapped unamused looks. Then, they turned from each other as their minds ran over the possibility a second time. They shook the thought from their heads and exited the car.
Almost directly in front of the group was a convenience store with a tiny parking lot, and near it was a small sedan with the windows conveniently rolled low. They went to it inspect it, but inconveniently, the keys were not present. “Do you know how to hot wire a car?” Kayzi asked.
“I was just getting ready to ask you,” said Axe.
Kayzi sighed. “All right, spread out. There’s, like, twenty cars here. One of ‘em’s gotta have the keys in it.” She went to a line of cars facing east while Axe ran over to the ones northbound.
Minnie peered into the windows of one of the automobiles facing the storefront. Her eyes went from the steering wheel to the seats to the dashboard and found the search ultimately fruitless, but just as she began to move on to the next vehicle, a muffled thump yanked her attention over to the store’s window just in time to catch a sliver of a silhouette disappearing behind the cover of the racks of snacks bathing in darkness. She heard another thump and backed from the building. “You guys, I think that—” A group of beings slammed their bodies up against the glass and screeched, showing mouths full of jagged teeth. Their skin was barely hanging on bones and they were drenched in a thick, brownish-green fluid. “Holy Shark Week!” Minnie screamed. She turned to run as the creatures thrust their hands through the window and reached out.
Axe and Kayzi swung their heads up from their doings and felt their hearts skip a beat when they saw the monsters struggling to get through the window. They joined Minnie in her dash to a house across  the street from the store and ran up the exterior staircase to the home on the second floor. Minnie jumped and grabbed the edge of the roof. She used the home’s door handle to push herself up onto the top of the building. The monsters shattered the window and spilled out into the parking lot, scrambling over each other with fervent intentions for chasing. Minnie grabbed Kayzi’s hand to help her up onto the house and both helped Axe up. And high above the street and action, they could see a black truck distant but nearing speedily, and hanging out of its passenger side window was a girl with pink highlights in her large lot of dark hair. The girl was holding a bow, and from it, she launched three arrows that zipped straight into the monsters’ heads and blew them apart to chunks. The bodies dropped in the street and lay there leaking their dark fluid.
Minnie squinted to better her focus on the archer approaching. “Oh, my God, is that...?”
The car rolled to a stop by the house. “You guys okay?” the girl asked.
“Jakkie!” Minnie screamed.
Jakkie’s face bloomed into glee. “Minnie? Kayzi? OMG!” She squealed as she got out of the truck.
Minnie leaped from the roof to the landing on the second floor and ran down the stairs to throw herself into a tight hug with the girl. “Oh, my God, it’s been so long,” she said.
With Axe trailing, Kayzi came down the stairs and met Jakkie with a more delicate hug. “It’s good to see you again. I missed you.”
“I missed both of you guys, too. But what’s up with the outfits?”
“It’s been a long and strange night, Jakkie. This is Axe; he’s been helping me and Minnie search for Rose. We got thrown in jail, and he bailed us out. Then, he helped us pose as prostitutes to get into this crazy scientist guy’s house so we could get information on where Dio is, and then we found out that he knew us from when we were kids, and he had naked pictures of us back at the orphanage—”
“What?!” Jakkie cried.
“Don’t worry; we burned ‘em, and killed the guy,” Minnie said.
“Oh, good.”
“So, then I found out that Rose’s hair is being used to make drugs, and that Dio might be here in Mexico, so we came down here and find that everyone’s gone, and then those zombies showed up, and I’m just so freakin’ confused and tired and angry.”
“This drug, is it Rainbow Cocaine?” the truck driver asked.
“No, it’s hyper-benza-blah-blah,-blah” Minnie said.
“Yeah, that’s it. Hyper-benzoylmethylecgonine.”
“This is Maria,” Jakkie said. “She helped me evacuate people when the ‘zombie’ outbreak started. They came from a circulation of bootleg Rainbow Cocaine. People tried to copy Dio’s formula, but apparently, if the right type of chemical isn’t used it, it won’t come out the same.
“I guess that guy wasn’t lying about us being special,” Minnie said.
“So, is this drug dude still down here?” Axe asked.
“He’s been gone for weeks,” Maria said.
“Oh, you’ve gotta be kidding! So, we came here for nothing?”
“Please tell me you have an idea of where he could be,” Kayzi said.
“Well, the good news is that Mimi found him in Florida and killed him. But the bad news is that she doesn’t have Rose.”
“Well, where is she? We’ve gotta hurry up and get there.”
“Mimi went with Mardi, Sweetie and Kennedy to Florida to kill Dio, but she told me that they turned on her and took Rose for their selves so they could start their own drug empire. Mimi last checked in with me when she got to Pennsylvania.”
“Then that’s where we’ve got to go next. You think you could help us out with a ride to an airport... if there even is one around here?”
“Yeah, there’s one maybe 40 minutes away. We can get’cha there. Hop in,” said Maria.
Jakkie returned to her seat; Axe, Kayzi, and Minnie climbed onto the flatbed of the truck; and Maria sped off into a u-turn to get back onto the boulevard. The wind whipped over the faces and through the hair of the three in the back, but for Kayzi, her thoughts could not be blown away with the breeze. Everything was so difficult to process. How could these girls use a child in the manner that they were? How could the girls with whom she grew up just let greed compel them to throw away their sisterhood? But in another thought, she remembered that she had done the same. Still, out of the mistakes she made, three chose to stay loyal to her, and even the strangers she just met gave her more kindness than the ones she once called “family”. Out of all in the adventure, she could affirm that life was like a thin line that one toes while countless people, places, things, and ideas shove you from one side of morals to the other, but, in the end, it was one’s sole decision as to which side of the line he or she wanted to walk until its end. And though outer entities would never ease their persuasions, it was up to the person walking to find the strength within his or her self to stay on the side that he or she chooses. Kayzi dearly wanted her daughter, and she was ready to whatever it took to retrieve her. But she did not want to let her thirst for vengeance pull her to the wrong side of life. She did not want to be akin to the wicked and corrupt of the earth. Even though delivering death felt so satisfying, she wanted justice on different terms. Maybe that would feel even more satisfying.
The road ahead was beautiful. A clear and blue afternoon sky above and sprawling grassland on either side of them as they left the city in the distance. Finally, Kayzi felt a calm in her heart that had eluded her for a long time, and her hopes grew even higher as the car passed a sign saying “Aeropuerto”, for it would not be long before they would be boarding their quickest chance home.
Maria turned onto the road leading to the airport and quickly slammed on the brakes. In the distance onwards was the grim scene of a few dozen zombies ambling aimlessly. It appeared as if they had wandered from a small community down the road past the airport. All in the vehicle knew that they would be ravenous. “Kayzi, Minnie, Axe, do you see that bundled up tarp back there?” Maria said.
Axe unwrapped the large, white sheet and found an assortment of firearms in it. He gave the shotgun to Minnie, two pistols to Kayzi, and took the semi-automatic rifle for himself. 
“I’m gonna drive through these guys as fast as I can. You all protect yourselves back there,” Maria said.
Kayzi, Minnie, and Axe slid out the magazines of their weapons to check the amount of ammunition. They locked them back in and each turned their weapon’s safety off. They nodded to Maria and she raced into the pack. The swarm of zombies picked up the scent of fresh meat in the wind and bolted straight towards the car with no fear for a ton of steel coming at them at 95 kilometers per hour. The first body hit the grille, flew up into the windshield, and rolled off to the side, halved in the grass. The second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and so on did same, all leaving their thick fluid smeared on the glass to the point of obscuring vision. The windshield wipers were of no help, but Maria kept driving on, for there were another two kilometers to the airport. Zombies that did not meet the truck’s front bumper chased after the truck. Kayzi, Minnie, and Axe took aim and blew off head after head with precision. But the size of the remaining horde was looking as if it would outlast the number of bullets left at their disposal. The creatures were closing in.
Kayzi glanced over her shoulder and could easily see the building with two planes waiting near it. “We’re almost there, guys. Let’s make these last shot— Holy shi—!” A zombie’s decapitated body came flying overhead and dropped onto the flatbed. It kicked around as its arms swung to and fro, and its hand got a good scratch across Axe’s arm. Kayzi kicked the body over the side of the flatbed. As it rolled in the dirt, it tripped another zombie.
Minnie looked at the ragged marks mixing blood with dark green on Axe. “My memory’s hazy, guys. Can you turn zombie from a scratch?”
“Don’t worry about it; I feel fine,” Axe said. “Just keep shooting.”
Neither Minnie nor Kayzi could shake concern but they pushed it to the back of their minds and kept their focus on aiming.
As Maria turned into the airport’s parking lot, there was still a sizable number of zombies tailing, as well as an arrival of a new little group ahead. She rode along the lot’s outer perimeter to dodge the bulk of the zombies shuffling around the parked cars, but they quickly caught a whiff of the scent and joined the chase. Minnie and Kayzi were keeping their eyes on Axe. He was putting up his best effort to kill any creature that got too close, but they could see that his hands were shaking and his accuracy was slipping. There was an amber film forming on his eyes and the skin around his wrists was forming red sores. Maria and Jakkie could see the man’s wound and burgeoning ailments in the rear-view mirror. They gave each other anxious looks.
The group came to the airport apron with the choice of two small aircraft. Which one should they choose? But why were they the only ones left? Did they not have gas? Could any of them figure out how to fly either one of them? Questions tore through Kayzi’s mind, but there was no time for second thoughts.
Skin began to peel off of Axe's face. “Look, guys, we know what’s happening here, and if this how I go, screw it,” he said. “But you better make damn sure that you get that little girl back home. I’m gonna try to hold them off while you ladies get on the plane. I wish you the best, Kayzi.”
Kayzi smiled. “Thank you.” There was now haze in her clarity from earlier. Gray under the blue. Life was not a direct ride down a beautiful road, but more a mad dash through highest virtue and the lowest sin with monsters grasping at you from every angle. Sometimes you do bad to do good and sometimes you mean well but slip up. Sometimes you can ride alone, and sometimes, you need some help to steer you along. But out of all the cracks and potholes one hits on the ride, what mattered was how one finished.
Maria came to a screeching halt at one of the planes, opened her door and hopped out. Jakkie did the same. Kayzi and Minnie hopped over the side of the flatbed and they all dashed to the aircraft’s door. Axe loaded a new magazine into his rifle and stood up in the flatbed to pick off as many zombies as he could with his trembling hands that were losing skin. “And when you get back to the States, make sure you tell Rev I never loved her,” Axe said with a smirk.
“Will do,” Kayzi said.
The ladies climbed into the aircraft, shut the door, and locked it. Jakkie sat in the cockpit and surveyed all the gauges, switches, levers, and dials. “Okay, I remember seeing this on a television show.” She looked at the fuel dial and saw that the tanks were full. Then, she pushed in three small plungers and hit a red switch. She took a pin out of her hair and bent it in various points before shoving it into the ignition to act as a key. She put her feet on the pedals below, turned the pin and the propeller started spinning. The ladies were ecstatic and relieved. Outside the aircraft, Axe laughed heartily when the chopping of the propeller started up. One of his eyeballs fell out of its socket and the skin on his jaw peeled off. His damaged arm numbed and dropped its grip on the rifle. He could feel his whole left side of his body fighting and refusing the commands of his brain, but his smile would not drop.
Jakkie used the foot pedals to taxi the aircraft to the runway. She flipped a switch, pulled another plunger, turned a dial, and pulled back on the steering yoke.
“Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” Kayzi asked.
“At least fifty percent.” Jakkie pushed in another plunger and the engine of the aircraft revved up. She checked a couple of dials and pressed down on the foot pedals. The plane jerked forward and the ladies braced themselves against the seats. “All right, girls. Let’s get ready to fly.” The ladies got into the seats and fastened their seat belts. Jakkie pushed down more forcefully on the pedals and the plane picked up speed as it rolled down the runway. Faster and faster and faster. Jakkie pulled back on the yoke and the plane arced up, pulling away from the ground until they were high above the grassland. “I don’t think we’re gonna make it all the way to Pennsylvania, but we’re definitely going home. And we’re definitely getting Rose back.”
Kayzi looked out through her window and saw the zombie hoard moving away from the airport. She could not see Axe, but she knew that he had either been torn to death or he had fought long enough to become undead. She could not decide which was a worse fate, but, in as blurry as the world was, he would leave a clear memory in her heart and even more passion to see this love story to a happy ending. With the grace that she came with and the smoking guns with which she left, she would make sure that the future would know her brand of justice, fear it, and admire it. She would make this devotion vicious and alluring, unmistakably arousing and undoubtedly renowned. She would sport death like an accessory that no one else could afford. She would be a pretty killer, and she could not wait to treat a certain three treasonists to the new ardor inside her.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Britney sat still with surprise on her. “Wow. Holy crap.”
“Is that a good ‘wow’ or a bad ‘wow’?” Beef asked.
	“Definitely a good one. Your story writing skills’re certainly better than your rap skills. I don’t think you should change a thing except maybe scale back on the unnecessary songs and the philosophizin'.”
The lights in the ceiling flashed and the school’s bells warped into their regular chiming. The locks on the windows and doors unhitched and the kids took their cue to exit the classrooms.
“Wait, wait,” Britney said to Beef. “Before you go, what about the origin of Honeybee?”
Beef scoffed. “That racist chick? Who cares? I don’t even know why the Pretty Killers let her join the team.”
“Racist?” Britney chuckled uneasily. “What makes you think she’s racist? She’s not racist at all.”
“Dude, her last name’s Tennessee, and her weapon is a whip. Like, how slave owner can you get?” Beef disdainfully shook his head and rose from his desk to join the kids leaving.
Britney scooped up her items and chased after Beef. “Wait! It’s just a misunderstanding. Not everybody in Tennessee is racist. A lot of white people bonded over how much they like black people back at my old school.”




Chapter Seventeen
Bad Romance


“Specialty muffins!” Morgan screamed to a sky that was reacquainting itself with the sun. She was toting her backpack on one shoulder and had the earbuds of her portable media player snugly in her ears as she darted from her front door. When she got to the front pavement, she leaped to throw herself across the windshield and hood of Tomika’s car as it was idling at the curb in front of Morgan’s house.
“Dammit, Morgan! The hell is wrong with you?” said Allie, sitting in the passenger seat. “It’s too early for all that crap.”
“Morning, guys. Are you all ready for the McGuffins?”
“The what?” said Tomika.
“The McGuffins at McDonald’s!”
“McDonald’s is selling muffins to promote Lady GaGa’s new album,” said Allie. “I’m assuming they chose the name to hinder quasi-oral-sex references like ‘Hey, I totally licked a GaGa muffin this morning. It tastes like glitter and grease.’”
Tomika chuckled.
“There’s no time for laughing,” Morgan said. “We have to get to the McDonald’s before all the muffins are gone.”
“Then get off the God-dang car so we can go!” said Allie.
“Oh. Sorry.” Morgan giggled and rolled off of the car to run around to the backseat. She grabbed the door handle, flung the door open and threw herself into the car. “All right, now let’s go!”
“Put your seatbelt on. You trying to make Tomika get a ticket?”
Morgan groaned and rolled her eyes. She dragged the seatbelt over her and snapped the buckle in place. “All right, now let’s go!”
Tomika shifted the car into drive and cruised down the street.
Morgan put her smile back on and bounced in place in tight, quick bursts. “How are you guys not excited for this? Dude, they’ve got Paparazzi Peanut Butter, Bad Romance Blueberry, and Poker Face Pumpkin! I mean did you guys even get the album yet? I got it exactly at midnight and I’ve been listening to it since.”
“You’ve been up since midnight and you’ve got all this energy, for real?” said Tomika.
“Who can sleep when there’s Lady GaGa lyrics to memorize?”
“Somewhere aside those lyrics, you did remember that I said was coming over to your house at eight so we can work on our project, right?” said Allie.
Morgan scrunched her face up as she ran back through the events stored in her mind. “I... uh, wha—?”
Allie groaned.
“Why so late? I thought you only work until five,” Tomika said.
“Oh, dude, I so forgot to tell you. I work at Cruz Comics now. I just can’t deal with the a-holes that come into the restaurant anymore. Like, seriously, I don’t know what happened to common courtesy and common sense. You used to work at a restaurant. You know how it is.”
“So, you’re going from service to retail? Kinda lateral, isn’t it?”
“Anything’s gotta be better than dealing with people who threaten to sue ‘cause they don’t have enough banana peppers on their freakin’ sandwich on a daily basis.” Allie turned to stare at Morgan with stern eyes. “I swear to God, Morgan, when you order that muffin, you give the server the biggest smile you’ve got. You say please and thank you. You show some respect to that person because he or she has probably already had to deal with some crap this morning. Do you hear me?”
“No problem here. As long as I’m starting my day with my new tunes, I’m totally cool. Nothing can shake my monster-sized smile.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“Monster-sized anguish!” Morgan cried. She knelt before an ashen and smoldering shell of a building surrounded by caution tape and shook her fists at the clouds. The clouds were confused as to why she directed her anger towards them, but they continued clouding. Clouds can be apathetic sometimes. But around Morgan, firefighters finished rolling up their hoses to put them back on the truck while task force officers were taking accounts from the restaurant owner and eyewitnesses. “Who would do something like this?!” Morgan said.
Tomika and Allie pulled Morgan up onto her feet. “Calm down. We can just go to another one. We’ve got, like, six of them,” Allie said.
“And they’ve all been burned down,” said one of the officers as he took notes on a pad. “Someone’s been going around burning and tagging all the McDonald’s in the area. We haven’t gotten any reports from the village yet, though.”
“I don’t think we have time for that. School’s about to start. Sorry, Morgan,” said Tomika.
Morgan hung her head. “Tomika Nicole, Alexandrine Ericka, I just realized that life can suck. I’ll never smile again.”
“Hey, little girl,” the officer said. “What do you call a guy who burns houses around breakfast time?”
Morgan shrugged.
“A cereal arsonist!” The officer laughed while Tomika and Allie sneered viciously at him.
A small smile came up on Morgan. “Okay, that was a good one...” She dropped her smile. “But I’m still depressed.”
“It’s just a freakin’ muffin. It’s not that serious,” said Allie.
“It’s not just a muffin; it’s the decline of our neighborhood. This is my mom’s city, and I don’t want people going around burning stuff in it. We’re just supposed to have monsters, mad scientists, and a group of housewives who do hard drugs.”
“If it makes you feel any better, I don’t think this is the work of some gang of thuggish ruggish bones,” said the officer. He pointed to the bold, red spray-painted letters that read GAGA SUX BIEBER RULES on the pavement. “Judging from those tags, I’d say we’ve just got some overzealous teenagers. Your friend’s dating that actor guy, right? She probably knows how crazy fans can get. Even my own daughter once wrote a threatening letter to one of those music channels because they forgot to put the accent mark over the ‘E’ in Beyoncé’s name on one of her videos. Your generation’s just crazy.”
“He’s sorta got a point,” said Tomika.
“But who even is Bieber?” Morgan said.
“Are you serious?” said Allie. “They play that little dude’s videos all the time in the cafeteria.”
“Dude, I zone out when I get food in front of me. All I see is that colored tunnel from 2001: A Space Odyssey and whatever I’m about to eat. Eating’s like a spiritual experience with me.”
Tomika took her mobile phone from her pocket and brought up an article documenting the person in question. She gave the device to Morgan.
“Oh, my God, this is Bieber? He’s so cute!”
“That’s the general consensus,” said the officer.
“Oh, my God, and he’s gonna be at Mercury Mall for an album signing and concert today. Monster-sized excitement! We’ve gotta go.”
“You just heard about this kid. How do you know you wanna go to his concert? You don’t even know what he sounds like,” Allie said.
“Dude, it’s pop music, as in popular. It wouldn’t be popular if it wasn’t good, obviously. Besides, I can download his album at lunch. It doesn’t take long for me to learn an album.”.
“But what about GaGa? You were so on her fifteen seconds ago.”
“And I still am, but there aren’t any McDonald’s around for me to unleash all of my fanatic energy, so I’ve gotta do it on another celebrity. This is the stuff that keeps our economy going.” Morgan’s stomach gurgled and whined. “But first, breakfast. I can’t fangirl on an empty stomach.” 
“Do you wanna just get one of those breakfast sandwiches from the cafeteria at school?”
“No, I’ve got a better idea.” Morgan took Tomika and Allie by the wrists to rush them back to the car. She flung the back door open and threw herself into the seat. “To the bakery!” She pointed to an inexact point down the road.
Tomika looked to Allie and shrugged. She got in the car, Allie got back in her seat and they drove off.
The officer shook his head heavy with contempt. “Where’s Penelope Spheeris when you need her?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

After a short stretch and a turn down the road, there was a strip mall with a bakery nestled between a dry cleaning building and a tax preparation office. Tomika parked in front of the bakery and the girls got out of the car. They went through the small shop’s door and were instantly greeted with a mix of warm and sweet smells from the many shelves and baskets of goods decorated floridly and chromatically. A golden glow in a display case highlighted the fresh glaze on some of the treats’ toasted crusts and fruits while wisps of steam off of bagels and bread loaves signaled their short amount of time spent there after their finish in the oven.
“Okay, forget not knowing about the Bieber. Why am I just now finding out about the Sugar Heaven bake shop?” Allie said. “My mouth is, like, so ready for anything in here.”
“Probably because we just changed the name,” said a woman as she emerged from a door behind the counter, holding a pan of steamy doughnuts. She was accompanied by another woman holding a pan also.
“My mother used to take me and my brother to this place when we were kids but then it closed up for a bit. But then, I remembered that I got a thing in the mail about a re-opening,” said Morgan.
“Yeah, after our mother got sick, she closed up the bakery,” said one of the women, “but we promised her that we were gonna do everything we could to carry on the Baker family legacy for her.”
“And we made sure not to change a thing with the recipes. All our stuff’s made fresh every day,” said the other woman as she slid the doughnut pans into the counter’s display case and stood ready with a smile. “I’m Anita. This is Josephine. What can we get’cha?”
“A box of six banana nut muffins,” said Morgan.
“Excellent choice.” Anita took a flat, white container from a stack and gave it a flick to pop it open into the shape of a box. With a pair of tongs, she loaded it with the goods sitting in the racks.
“So, did you guys see the see the fire this morning?” Allie said.
“We were the ones who called the police,” said Josephine.
“Such crazy kids,” said Anita. “But at least people won’t be putting that processed food into their system. The chemicals in fast food and prepackaged chips and television dinners are what make today’s youth cuckoo in the cabeza, you know? They hinder brain development.”
“I mean this city’s got the luxury of fresh food made with love and care. Not every place can say that, you know? But, still, all people want is that fast and frozen stuff.” Josephine sighed. “Such is life.”
“Here you go, darling.” Anita handed the box to Morgan.
“Thanks. How much do we owe you?”
“Ten dollars.”
“Here’s $20. Keep the change. I support indie bakers.”
Josephine chuckled and accepted the bill. “Thanks. If we had more people like you coming in, we definitely wouldn’t have a problem with business.”
“Oh, dude, don’t worry. We’ll spread the word,” said Morgan.
“Definitely appreciated, but I don’t think it’s really a matter of not knowing,” said Anita. “We’re doing our best with social marketing, but it’s like we said: People only want pre-packaged stuff ‘cause it’s cheap and it lasts longer ‘cause of preservatives. And everyone else is on carb-free, gluten-free, sugar-free, basically flavor-free health kicks and we really don’t wanna deviate from our recipes, you know? We like using butter and lard. Not partially hydrogenated vegetable oil.”
“It’s the climate of our industry. We’ve just gotta figure out how to make our shop work in it,” Josephine said.
“Dude, I just got over my sadness and now it’s back. We can’t let you guys close up. Your mother’s cakes gave me and my brother our first cavities.”
“We know it sucks, darling, but things change. ‘Survival of the fittest’, you know?”
“No way, dude. I’m gonna figure out a way to help drum up some business. Oh, dude, wait! I’ve got it. What about a bake sale? ...Oh, wait.”
“Excuse her,” said Allie. “Her brain’s running on nothing but synth loops right now.”
“Don’t worry about us. If we go out knowing at least a few people loved our food, that’s what matters. That’s what mama would want. It’s about the food, not the money, you know?”
“Have a great day,” said Josephine. “Enjoy the muffins.”
As soon as the girls were out of the building and walking back to the car, Tomika dropped her friendly face. “I don’t like those bitches. I think they were the ones who burned the McDonald’s.”
“What? Dude, no,” Morgan said. She opened the car door.
“Dude, yes. I just got a weird feeling. It’s not like my wind sense—patent pending—but more just like woman’s intuition. I mean think about it: People say they saw teen girls setting fires. Well, those ladies aren’t too far from teen age.” Tomika got into her seat.
“I don’t know,” said Allie as she buckled her seat belt. “I watch a lot of cop shows and there’s usually layers to this kind of thing. Maybe the Bieber fans knew the Bakers were in need of business so they’re using that to make them scapegoats.”
“Or maybe it was Lady GaGa fans who were upset that Bieber was stealing her thunder with that concert and album signing, so they’re trying to get the event canceled,” Tomika said. She started the car.
Allie gasped. “Or maybe it really was Bieber fans and they were counting on the task force to assume that it was them because they would assume that they think that they have simple, girly teen minds, so they would think that they were thinking like them and think that it was them so they would ultimately think it was somebody else in order to think they weren’t being outsmarted by someone who did do it. You know what I mean? They’re so the obvious choice that it makes them the un-obvious choice which makes them the obvious choice.”
Morgan jerked her head back and blinked a few times. “Dude, it’s a good thing we don’t have to solve mysteries ‘cause I’m spacing so hard right now.”
“Kerou could probably explain it better than I could.”
Tomika took a muffin from the box and bit into it. “The point is that I think it was the Baker sisters, and— Oh, sweet culinary orgasm! Let ‘em burn whatever they want.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

In one of the Hester Prynne™ High hallways, Jayla was at her locker, hanging up her coat and gathering up the items that she would need for her first class when a sudden pair of hands came from behind to cover her sight and steal a beat from her heart. But the loving melody spoken in the “guess who” that followed calmed her shock and put a smile on her face. She took a hold on the hands and moved them from her eyes as she turned to face the girl to which they belonged. “Jina, you know I don’t like surprises— Oh, my God, your hair!”
Jina’s hair was an inky black and snatched back into a ponytail. She stood before the girl with bright eyes and a bright smile. “It was Pepper’s idea. I think it makes me look like a supermodel. Do you like it?”
There was unease on Jayla as she tried to match the enthusiasm on Jina. “It’s... it’s nice. It’s really nice. But I... kinda liked your auburn hair. It made you look like Roxanne from A Goofy Movie. It worked for you.”
“Well, almost any look works for me. But it’s been three years. It was time for a change, don’t you think?”
“I guess. But why not go to your natural color? Brown would’ve been a nice choice.”
“Oh, my god, you don’t like it, do you?”
“No, no, I do. It’s just that you said you’d never go black ‘cause it makes you look evil.”
“I was, like, 12 when I thought that. I mean you don’t think in the same way that you did when you were that age anymore, do you?”
“I guess not.”
“I just really like this look. It gives me a mysterious allurement. It makes me feel sexy.”
“Well, if you like it, I like it. I’m sorry if I came off a little freaked out. You just kinda caught me off guard. But you do look amazing.”
“You’re not just saying that, are you? You know how much I value your opinion. If you don’t like it, just tell me.”
“No, I mean it. You look great. Definitely like a model. And, hey, now we match.” Jayla held a lock of her hair up for comparison.
Jina gave Jayla a hug. “Thanks, Jay. You’re the best bestie ever. I’ll see you in Chemistry.” She made a speedy walk away.
Jayla blew out a long, grief-filled breath and began to repeatedly beat her head against the frame of her locker door. “Ow... ow... ow... ow... ow...,” she mumbled.
Danielle, in passing, could not help stopping at the concerning scene. She approached Jayla and tapped her shoulder. “Trying to lose a few IQ points to fix the curve for us, perhaps?”
“Leave me alone, Danielle. Ow... ow... ow....”
“Okay, okay, seriously stop.” Danielle pulled Jayla away from the locker. “You’re gonna get an ugly Harry Potter scar on your forehead. Why don’t you walk with me to class, and tell me what’s wrong.”
“Thank you, but I’ll pass. I’m fine here.” Jayla walked back up to the locker, hung her head and returned to banging it against the metal.
Danielle put her notebook between Jayla’s head and the locker and used it to gently guide the girl backwards. She shut the locker and took Jayla’s arm to pull her into a walk beside her. “Talk to me, hon. And for Christ’s sake, please don’t slouch; it looks so bad.”
“I don’t care.”
“Well, I do.” She put her hand under Jayla’s head and pushed it up until the hunch in Jayla’s back was gone. “Now, what’s got you lookin’ depressed? Are you having problems with Jina?”
“I just hate myself for hating her girlfriend. I wanna be happy for her, but I can’t be. And I just wanna be a good friend, but it’s like... too much is changing. I don’t really like change. I miss being a kid.”
“We’re still kids.”
“Well, it doesn’t feel like it. All of the things that I worry about, I didn’t think about when I was younger. Everything just suddenly got difficult. I’m almost 16 but I feel like I’m still not ready to be a teenager.”
“Why don’t you just stop worrying about everything?”
“Why don’t you just ask me to stop a bus with my bare hands? I just can’t ‘stop worrying’. My mind just drifts to stuff like mistakes, or things I should’ve said or done, or things I need to do, or wish I could do, and just stuff. It’s like can I just drop out of life and become a zoo animal? Because it feels like everyone’s pointing and laughing at me anyway. And I just hate being like this. Jina’s the only girl, the only person, I’ve ever felt comfortable around and now, it’s like she’s gone. And without her, I feel like a computer that can't connect to the Internet. It's like, yeah, of course I'm not useless alone, but I'm missing a very, very integral part to my functionality.”
“Why don’t you just dress up your awkwardness so it doesn’t look so... sad. Turn it into quirkiness. Geeky chic is really in right now. You should be happy you’re a fad.”
“I don’t wanna be a fad. And I don’t want to be awkward or anxious all the time.” Jayla and Danielle entered their classroom and took seats by the door. “I wanna be able to join in conversations with strangers and go to parties without worrying to the point that I can’t breathe that I’m gonna embarrass myself.”
“I just think you need a makeover. The right kind of fashion really changes how you feel about yourself. Maybe some makeup and a new outfit will give you the confidence you need to tell Jina how you feel.”
“I’m pretty sure she knows, but she just doesn’t feel the same way. She can only see me as something like a sister, and I guess it would be fine if she didn’t see someone else as something more than a friend. It doesn’t feel like jealousy or envy; it just feels like I’m not worthy, you know? It’s like what does Pepper have that I don’t? Is it because she’s older, and has a car, and cute hair, and cool taste in music and movies, and a dad with a cool job, and a—”
“I get it, Jayla.”
“See? She’s just better than me.”
“She’s not better than you. It’s just that Jina’s used to seeing the cute, little Asian version of you. You know, the person that does little doodles, and reads comics and watches Japanese cartoons, and is—pardon the expression—a nerd.”
“I’m not a nerd. Nerds are jerks. Nerds make fun of you when you don’t know esoteric facts and chastise you for being a casual fan, like if you like a superhero movie but didn’t read all one-freaking-million comics and know every nuance of every universe before it came out.”
“All right, fine you’re a complete and utter geek. A geek that uses words like ‘esoteric’ and ‘nuance’. There’s your problem: That’s the Jayla that Jina’s used to. What we need to do is turn up the sassy and sexy black side of you. The— the... what’s your middle name?”
“Nijayla.”
“Wait, really? I thought your first name was Jayla.”
“Kimora.”
“Perfect! That’s a perfect name for the new you. We need to turn up the Kimora side of you.”
“But I don’t think I have another side of me. And I just want Jina to like me as I am, not a new me. And I don’t like being called Kimora. And why do you even care anyway?”
“I just want to help. I know how it feels seeing the person you love in the arms of someone you really, really, really do not like. And remember on Halloween, we officially became friends? Frankly, that and a shrimp platter are the only things I remember from that night. But of all that, I just would like to help.”
“No, thank you. I’ve seen what your brand of help can lead to, and I don’t think I could handle the physical and emotional pain that comes with a monster shooting out of my chest.”
“That totally was not even my fault.”
“Thank you, Danielle, but I’m fine.”
“Slamming your head against a locker because you don’t like yourself is not fine. Let me take you to the mall and fix you up. We’ll try on some outfits, maybe try one of those new speed-dye jobs, and we’ll see how you feel after that. What do you say?”
“Well, Jina did just change her hair, and she said it made her feel sexier. Maybe a whole new look would do some magic for me, too. I guess it wouldn’t hurt to try something.”
“That’s the spirit. And we did plenty geek-chasing-the-cheerleader episodes on Hautemonde, so trust me when I say I know what I’m doing.”
“Did those episodes have happy endings?”
“More or less. It depends on what you consider a happy ending on a teen drama. The cheerleader fell in love with the geek after he got his nose shattered when he stood up to the cheerleader’s boyfriend to tell him to stop abusing her. But then, she ended up giving him an STD, and they had an unplanned kid together, but I guess one could call it a happy ending.”
Jayla clutched her chest. “Oh, God, my anxiety.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The school bell rung and, in Mr. Murbururur’s Accounting class, Jizzelle sat at her desk with her notebook ready to collect important information. She had her textbook turned to the page instructed in the day’s objectives on the whiteboard at the front of the room, and though she was not particularly anticipating the teacher’s upcoming droning about assets and liabilities, carving the letters of the lessons into her brain banks would prove valuable if she ever planned to take effective control of the family business. To steal her focus, from her purse came a chiming to signify that her mobile phone had just received a new message. She took the device out and read that it was a text message from Benn asking her to create a diversion that could allow him to covertly slip into class and avoid receiving a tardy mark. She looked to the closed classroom door and saw the boy in the window pleading silently but fervently for her to take some kind of action.
“Miss Quezada, please put the phone away. We’re starting class.”
“What? Oh, yes, sir.” Jizzelle turned her head away from the door and she put her phone back into her purse. She slid her sight over to the window and saw that out on a tree branch was a cheeping bird to which she gave a nod and a gesture towards the teacher. The bird used its wing to salute and took off from the tree to fly up to the school’s roof. It crept into a vent and traveled through the ducts until it arrived over the classroom. Then, the bird used its beak to tear a hole through the aluminum wall and it broke through the drop-tile ceiling. It took the students by surprise as it squawked in and pecked at the teacher’s face.
Mr. Murbururur used his hand to swat at the bird, but it was not very effective. It’s evasion was always one move ahead. “Help! Help! It’s preying on me! It wants my cones!”
While the students erupted into laughter, Benn gently opened the door and crawled into the classroom. To use the students as cover, he crouched as low as he could and dashed to his desk behind Jizzelle. The mission was completed with the still screaming and swinging Mr. Murbururur far from wise of the deed. “Thanks. I totally owe you,” he whispered and leaned forward to kiss Jizzelle on the cheek.
“You ask me to abuse my powers again and I’m gonna abuse your face. You’re lucky I’m in a good mood today,” she whispered back.
“Oh, yeah! I heard the good news on TV just before I left. Your dad signed that deal thingy with that airline company, right?”
“He most certainly did which means my title of hotel heiress is completely safe. You just don’t even know how relieved I am.”
Holding a smirk, Benn leaned closer to Jizzelle. “You know what we should do? Why don’t we celebrate after school by making a video like another certain hotel heiress?”
Jizzelle snorted in a scoffing laugh. “Like I’d ever do a sex tape with you.”
“What? No, I meant a music video. Like the ‘Stars Are Blind’ video. You can roll around on the beach and struggle-sing like Marilyn Monroe. Maybe slap that bass of yours?”
Jizzelle chuckled. “Sure, babe.” She turned to put her focus on the bird and made a quick slashing motion across her throat to signal that it could stop. It flew back up into the ceiling’s hole.
“Yeah, you better run, you bitch-ass bird!” Mr. Murbururur called up to the animal. The bird came to the hole’s edge, and put its wing to its ear. It chirped a challenge for the man to repeat his boasting. “You heard me,” Mr. Murbururur said. “And if you wanna squad up, we can go. Soo woo!” The bird jerked forward and Mr. Murbururur flinched back, sending the bird into cheeping laughter. “Yeah, I bet you won’t be up there laughing when I bring a two-piece meal up in here for lunch.” The bird broke its roll of laughter and stared sternly down. It darted straight down to Mr. Murbururur’s face and pecked a hole into his eye. He screamed, stumbled backwards into his desk, and he fell to the floor where he flailed like a carp on land. “Aaaaaggghhh! Someone call Nurse Jackie! I think I’m blind!”
“Holy crap!” a student cried. “Dude, I think we just got a free period.” Cheers from the other students followed.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Left or right? Forest green or sky blue? Floral print or polka dots? Up in her office, Trecille was wrestling with design choices for dresses she was creating for her label’s spring season line. On one easel was a sketch and fabric swatches, and on another was a different sketch and swatches. She sat on the edge of her desk with her hand on her chin and firm concentration in her stare. “What do you think, Steffennie? Which one do you like more?”
“I kinda like the one on the left.”
“No, no, I’m not really feeling that one.”
“Then, go with the other one. They’re both really nice.”
“No, I’m not feeling that one either. Just scrap ‘em both.”
Steffennie shrugged. “You’re the boss.” She plucked the items from the easels and laid them on the desk.
London entered with a big smile on her face and a cup of coffee in each hand. “Morning, ladies. How are you both doing?”
“Very well. Thank you,” said Steffennie.
“What do you want, London?” Trecille said. “Shouldn’t you be out doing model stuff or something?”
“I just came from doing model stuff. I was at that Starbucks down the street, letting the paparazzi take candids of me so all the blogs can talk about how naturally beautiful I am. And I brought you guys coffee, too.” She handed one cup to Steffennie and the other to Trecille.
“That was nice of you,” Steffennie said.
“Yeah, whatever.” Trecille placed the cup on her desk.
“Don’t mind her. She just gets this way during the creative process sometimes,” Steffennie said.
“Maybe you should go for a walk, Ms. Cordova. That always helps me think more clearly.”
“You don’t walk much, do you?” Trecille said.
“She might have something there, Ms. Cordova. Maybe we should go and clear our heads for a bit. It’s almost lunchtime anyway.”
“Yeah, you’re right. I am kinda hungry,” Trecille said. “You wanna come with, London?”
“Free food and photo ops? How could I say no?”
“Whoa there, chica, who said anything about free food? You gotta pay for your own plate.”
“Aw, come on, Ms Cordova, don’t you wanna treat me? I mean I just brought you coffee.”
“Don’t nobody care about that funky little cup of ass-water. That ain’t real coffee.” Trecille walked around to her chair to pick her and Steffennie’s coats up off of the back. She scooped both their purses up off of the cabinet behind. “You know what, maybe I should treat you. I need to introduce you to that straight-up-out-of-the-South-America coffee. The kind of stuff that shuts your heart off for a second. I know a cafe that serves the good stuff. We’re going there. Come on.”
The ladies went to the elevator and took it to the ground floor. When they got to the front door, just as Trecille put her hand on the door, something out on the street passed and made her heart skip like she had just taken a sip of straight-up-out-of-the-South-America coffee. She just froze with a horrified scowl.
London’s face filled with worry. “Ms. Cordova, what’s wrong? Did you accidentally poop yourself? It’s okay. It happens when you start to get old.”
“Did you see that?” Trecille’s voice was like a hiss. “Did you see it?!” It boiled up to a growl. “Did you... see... that?!” she roared.
Both London and Steffennie cowered and stepped back. “No?”
“What did we not see?” Steffennie asked.
“Doctor... in a car... with... a woman. Both of ‘em just cheesin’ and la-dee-da-good-times while I’m standing here like Boo-Boo the Fool.”
“Wha— what? Who?”
“You know I don’t tolerate a lot of crap from men, Steffennie, but what are the top three things that they do that just raises my hackles? What are... the top three things?”
“Dating women they’re way too old for, abuse, and infidelity.”
“Exactly! And this negro just broke one, maybe two, of my cardinal sins. Go ahead and get your debit card, ‘cause you can bet there’s ‘bout to be hell to pay.”
“Just calm down for a second, Ms. Cordova. What if there’s an explanation for what you saw? I mean are you sure it was Doctor?”
“J61 QF3. That was his license plate. Plus, I’d know that bobblehead in that Benz anywhere.”
“Well, what if he was just driving a family member around? Like a sister or a cousin. Maybe you should call him before you do anything irrational... and most likely illegal.”
“Well, let’s just see then.” Trecille pulled her mobile phone out of her purse, selected Doctor’s number, and pressed a button to turn on the speakerphone. It rung a couple of times. Then, he answered.
“Hey, Tre, what’s up? How are you doing?”
“I’m fine,” she said sweetly with a smile. “Just calling to see what you’re doing. Maybe if you and I could meet me up for lunch.”
“That’s a no can do. I’m swamped with patients here at the office. You know how it is the closer we get to winter. Lots of... bronchial... nasal... infections and whatnot. It’s real nasty around here.”
Trecille made a flat chuckle. “I can’t even imagine.”
“But I’m gonna do my best to get out of here in time to take you to dinner. How does that sound?”
“Oh, don’t rush for me. You take your time serving the public and keeping ‘em healthy. That’s what’s most important.”
“You’re a sweetheart, Tre. I don’t deserve you.” Doctor blew a kiss into the phone.
“Yeah... Buh-bye,” she drawled. She ended the call and dropped her smile. “That negro is dead.” Trecille flung the door open and stomped off to her car.
London and Steffennie chased after her. “Ms. Cordova, wait! Calm down. Let’s talk about this.”
“Dead!”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The closing bell of school had long ago rung, but not one youth of Queen City was on the streets. The community of kids was strong in a deafening throng at Mercury Mall. To contribute to the mob of an emotional gamut Morgan and Kerou were deep within the crowd clutching Justin Bieber albums along with hopes that it would be graced with a hastily scrawled squiggly black mark that somewhat resembled a quarter of a signature. Tomika and Allie were also at the mall but they had taken refuge at Cruz Comics which was located well away from the shopping center’s main event.
Beef and Shay came from the food court with food and drink in hand. They walked along the outer perimeter of the velvet ropes that were straining to contain the enthusiastic fans. “Bruh, I swear that girls freak out over the crappiest stuff,” Beef said. He took a bite of his hot dog and a sip of his drink. “What even about this kid is different from any other singer out here?”
“Well, really there aren’t too many other teen idols at this point in music. In the past couple of years, pop music’s been kinda dominated by pop-punk bands and female vocalists like Katy Perry, Rihanna, and Beyoncé. It’s reasonable that a re-hash of the young heartthrob would be successful right now. And well, the songs are kinda catchy.”
“Dude, you like Justin Bieber? Gay.”
“Shut up. After that one lesson in Miss K’s class, you started watching Hannah Montana.”
“Only ‘cause I wanna bang Miley Cyrus. Why else would any dude watch the Disney channel?”
“Maybe because the shows are actually funny?”
“No.”
“Beef! Beef’s friend!” Morgan called out.
Beef located the source of the beckon and saw Morgan waving to him from inside the ropes. He groaned and threw his hands up. “Aw, no, Morgan, you’re caught up in this crap, too? I thought you were one of those skater girls who only listens to them people they put on the Tony Hawk soundtracks.”
“I am. I listen to a lot of kinds of music. You should see how much Macy Gray I have in my library. But how could I deny how cute Justin Bieber is? I just wanna give him, like, so many non-sexual hugs.”
“What about me? I like non-sexual hugs too.”
Kerou grabbed Morgan’s arm. “Come on, it’s almost our turn!” She yanked her away.
“See you later, dudes,” Morgan called back to the boys.
Beef fumed more and more the longer he watched Morgan chatter delightedly with Kerou. “I don’t believe this crap,” he said to himself as he stormed away.
Shay hurried up to walk at his side. “What’s wrong? You’re not mad that Morgan likes pop music, are you? It’s her prerogative.”
“I don’t care.”
“What’s the issue, then? I mean you’re not jealous, are you?” Shay gasped and a grin grew on him. “Wait, dude, you totally have a crush on Morgan, don’t you?” He squealed softly. “Oh, my God, that’s so adorable.”
“Shut up. I don’t have a crush on her. That’s a white people thing. For a hood negro like me, I’m peepin’ Morgan on the low.”
“But what happened to not lovin’ those hoes?”
“Hey! Morgan’s not a hoe. She’s a smart, and funny, and beautiful girl and any guy would be lucky to hang out with her.” Beef looked down at his food and his stomach began to flip around. He stopped at the trash receptacle they were passing to throw the food away.
“Whoa! Not finishing food? This must be serious.”
“Oh, ha-ha-ha, fat people are always eating. It must take a tragedy for a fat guy to not wanna eat,” Beef said, rolling his eyes. He went to a bench to sit down.
“My bad, dude. I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.”
“Dude, it’s not you. It’s just that... yeah, maybe I do like Morgan. Like more than just wanting her to strudel my noodle. But there’s not even any point in trying anything if that Bieber dude is any indication of what she considers cute. And what about that British dude that she was all over? She obviously has a type and my fat ass isn’t it.”
“No way. Morgan doesn’t seem like the type who would let a thing like how someone looks get in the way of a relationship. She’s probably the most open-minded girl at Hester Prynne—trademark sign—High, and that’s definitely saying something.”
“You really think she would go for a guy like me?”
“I don’t see why you don’t have a chance. Just ask her out, and if she says no, then, well, it’s not the end of the world.”
“Maybe to you. You’ve got all these great gay guys to choose from, but there’s only one girl at school that’s perfect to me.”
“Okay, for the last time, I am not gay.”
“Whatever. I mean Morgan did tell me about some real deep and personal stuff. And she did say I make her laugh, but I don’t think that really means anything serious, ‘cause if there’s one thing I learned from my dad’s ordeal, it’s that just ‘cause a lady says she likes you, it doesn’t mean she actually likes you in the way that you like her, especially if she’s a stripper. You probably shouldn’t pistol-whip her either.”
“Well, you’ll never know unless you try.”
“Dude, I don’t wanna pistol-whip Morgan.”
“No, I mean try expressing your feelings. Here’s your chance.” Shay motioned to Morgan and Kerou who were walking their way, jabbering and gushing over their autographs. “I’m tellin’ you, you got this.”
Beef took a deep breath and stood up. He smoothed some creases out of his clothes, cleared his throat, and walked up to the girls. “Hey, Morgan.”
“What’s up, dude? You stayin’ for the concert? I’m tellin’ you, you’ll love his music if you give it a chance.”
“Nah, I’m good. We talked about this stuff in class. All of this ‘collective effervescence’, this is the same stuff that gave Hitler his power.”
“Like many things in the world, the ability to rouse a crowd can be used as a weapon and just as well be benign,” Kerou said. “In fact, I’m gonna mark you down for making your comparison.”
Beef sneered at Kerou but shook his disdain from his face and looked to Morgan. “Anyway, I was wondering if maybe you would like to accompany me to a movie and some food or something.”
“Sure. That sounds cool.”
“Really?!” His voice squeaked. He cleared his throat and regained some bass. “I mean at what time would be best for you to join me?”
“Well, I don’t really have anything to do tonight but homework so we can go now. Do you have any plans, Kerou?”
“Nope. I’m free.”
“Actually—” Beef chuckled, a shade apprehensive. “Actually, I was  thinking that maybe it’d be just you and me. You know, kinda like a... a date?”
“Oh... Oh! Oh, dude, I’m flattered, really. But—”
“I’m not your type, am I?”
“No, you’re totally my type. I told you I love guys that can make me laugh, and plus, you’re so frakkin’ huggable. But it’s just that I’m just now starting to get over my long distance relationship with Adam not working out and I’m just not looking to be in a relationship right now.”
“Are you serious? Is this dude really cock-blocking me all the way from Europe? He didn’t even like you.”
“Of course he did. It’s just that he already had a girlfriend. He said her name was Rita. She was in the Olympics and she plays the banjo. I mean who could even compete with a woman like that?”
No one could. Really. No one.
“Besides, we’re only teenagers,” Morgan said. “We shouldn’t be worried with relationships and stuff like that. We’ve got our confusing college years and depressing post-collegiate years to go through relationship drama.”
“But what about our connection? You told me your secrets and stuff.”
“Because that’s what friends do. I mean don’t you talk with your friend about stuff that you feel inside?”
“Never.”
“Actually, you did kinda allude to you being conscious about your weight,” Shay said.
“No, I didn’t.”
“Anyway, my point is that having friends is cool, ‘cause you’ve got somebody that cares about your well-being,” Morgan said. “It doesn’t have to go any further than that because that relationship is special as it is. But if you catch me in a few years, maybe we could do something then. Sound like a plan?”
Beef nodded. “Sounds like a plan.”
“Awesome. We can still go to that movie if you wanna.”
“No, I’m good. I’m just gonna go down to the barbershop and start an argument about Steve Harvey.”
Morgan burst into a laugh. “See, that’s why you’re my friend, dude. You’re hilarious. And not like Eddie-Murphy-making-fun-of-fat-people funny. You’re genuinely funny. I’ll see you at school.” She and Kerou went on down the walkway.
“Well, I guess you were right,” Shay said. “Dude, I’m sorry.”
Beef watched the girls walk away and just when they were out of earshot, he turned to Shay. “Man, forget that; I ain’t waitin’ no few years for some booty. I’m-a go holla at one of these Bieber fans and call it a day.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Danielle was standing behind Jayla as she surveyed herself in the fitting room mirror. Danielle’s pride in her work to help the girl deviate from her usual style of dressing  was evident, but a brief read of Jayla’s sentiment could show that her feeling was a whit away from wholly agreeing. Out of her school uniform, Jayla was not a stranger to thigh-high stockings and skirts, but the skirt she was wearing at the moment seemed to function more for flashing previews of her underpants than covering her legs. Matching the fabric of the garment was a pair of suspenders slung over her blouse that was tied up to show her midriff and help her bra push up what cleavage she had. The right side of her hair was shaven down to a smooth fade while the left side was full and draping down to her shoulder. She was positively adorable but it was more a stag definition of the word.
“So, how do you feel?” Danielle said.
Jayla touched her glasses and put her hand down. “I...” She looked away from her reflection. “I guess.... I don’t know. Kinda—”
“Geeky-ghetto?”
“Raunchy. And ‘ghetto’ is a noun, not an adjective. I don’t like calling things ghetto.”
Danielle blew out a sharp sigh and rolled her eyes. “Jayla may care about politically correct grammar, but all Kimora cares about is finding chicks to do her fast like homework that you forgot you had that night and then you try to do it five minutes before class the next day, and you only get, like, half of it done, but it’s cool because you got one of those teachers that’s so done with their career and life choices that they just give everyone good grades just for showing up and participating.”
“Oh, my God, I can’t do this.” Jayla went to a chair in the corner of the room and began fanning herself. Her breathing began to ramp up. “What am I... what am I even doing here? I should’ve just said no,” she mumbled.
“Don’t get discouraged now, Kimora—”
“Jayla. Please call me Jayla.”
“No, you have to get used to being called Kimora. It’ll help you get acclimated to the new you.”
“But I don’t want to be a new me. I like who I am.”
“But you said you didn’t like being awkward and that stuff. I’m trying to give you an assertive persona.”
“But this isn’t helping! I seriously can’t breathe, and I feel like I’m shaking. I just feel stupid.”
“Just calm down.”
“I can’t!”
“Just try. You’re not trying.”
“I am trying! Jesus Christ!” Jayla buried her face in her hands and she sniffled. “You don’t get it.”
“Okay, look, don’t cry. Don’t cry. You’re gonna ruin your makeup, and it looks so nice. You look amazing, Jay. I’m serious.” Danielle went to Jayla’s side and put her arm around her. “You look gorgeous. There’s no way Jina won’t take a different look at you. I get how you feel a bit weird about all of this, but this is you. This is your sexy side; every girl has a sexy side. I know that somewhere under all those equations and functions and TV show trivia and stuff, there’s gotta be a freaky girl. You watch Japanese cartoons. There’s gotta be some freaky thoughts in your brain.”
Jayla wiped her nose and smiled a little.
“Yeah, see there, that’s it! That’s how we’re gonna get you to bring your sexy side out. Role-play one of your favorite characters. Think of the baddest, freakiest, not-giving-a-frick-est character and just do what they would do. Do you think you can work that?”
Jayla nodded and got out of her seat. She looked at herself in the mirror and took in a deep breath. “I can’t sit around crying while my lady is out there with that other woman. With that witch. Nothing should stop me from getting her. Not the Galaxy Police or even the entire Juraian military! The whole universe couldn’t stop me from being with her, because it’s in our fates to be together. It’s destiny! So, Jina, wherever you are, I hope you’re ready for a wild night of passion.” She turned from the mirror and stood firmly with her hands on her hips, threw her head back, and cackled.
Danielle raised an eyebrow. “I see you’re having no problem with the ‘being a freak’ part.”
Jayla continued laughing. Patrons and store staff turned to the fitting rooms with great concern for the doings behind the curtain.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

With a slew of bags brimming with the green of fresh vegetables in tow, Jina and Pepper boarded an elevator on Mercury Mall's second sub-level floor to travel back up to the ground floor. They had just finished shopping at one of the many markets that offered products catering to advocates of locally-grown and organic foods.
“I know that you’re not totally on board with my pescatarian diet, Jina, and like I said before: That’s totally cool,” Pepper said, “but I promise that you’re gonna love this dinner. It’s gonna be so wickedly delicious.”
“I’m just glad that, when it comes to diet, you’re not as strict as some of the people at my school. I swear, I’m not even joking when I say that some of them only ‘eat’ air. Like some kind of aerosol version of breast milk. And then they have the audacity to shame the vegetarians for being cruel to plants.”
Pepper laughed. “What the heck is wrong with you all at that school?”
“I don’t know; we’re each a page out of the DSM, I guess. But anyway, whether you’re cooking fish or tofu or sauteed broccoli from right out of your backyard, I’m just glad that you’re cooking, period, seeing as how my culinary skills haven’t evolved much further than mixing Easy-Bake Oven cake batter and assembling Lunchables pizzas.” Jina chuckled and Pepper snickered.
The elevator doors parted and Jina and Pepper stepped out of the enclosure. Suddenly, out from behind decorative shrubbery nearby, Jayla darted up to the couple and gave Pepper a push to the side. She grabbed Jina by the wrist and pulled her back into the elevator. Pepper caught her balance and kept her bags upright to keep them from spilling their contents. And just before the elevator doors closed, she caught a glimpse of her assailant sticking her tongue out and dragging one of her eyelids down with her index finger.
Jina could not believe what her eyes were relaying to her brain. Her brain could not believe it, either, and froze her body in shock. She scanned Jayla once, twice, thrice. “Jayla?! What the frappé did you do to yourself? Your hair! Your clothes! Your... boobs!”
“I can’t help it if I’m just so comfortable with my sexuality. If you’ve got it, flaunt it, right? Something you’d never get from that princess prude you’ve been running around with.”
“What?”
Jayla threw her body up against Jina’s to pin her to the wall and, with her finger, drew circles on Jina’s chest. “Look at us, Jina: Two young lovers deep in romantic embrace, ready to share each other’s warmth in a passionate kiss. How embarrassing would it be if someone were to catch us right now? Oh, we’re so naughty, I can’t stand it!” She giggled and nuzzled Jina’s chest with her cheek.
Jina burst into laughter. “Oh, my God, is this a joke? Like for real, am I on some new MTV prank show or something?”
Jayla lifted her head to look Jina in the eyes. She could feel her persona slipping. “No... No. I’m being completely honest. I just...” She backed away from Jina and turned her back to her. Her hands tightened to fists and whispered an affirmation of confidence to herself. “I can’t stand to see you with Pepper, Jina,” she said aloud. “You’re all I ever think about and the only thing I really want in this world. I want to spend my life with you. Just every last second by your side. Waking up to your voice and falling asleep beside your smile. I wanna make you feel better when you’re sad and I’d waste no time in standing up to anyone who’d try to hurt you. I care about you so much; you know I do.” Her heart was racing and her brain wanted to hold back her anxious words, but her tongue gladly let them slip. She turned to let her eyes meet with Jina’s. “I love you, Jina. ...I really think in love with you. I want to be your one and only girl.”
“Oh, god, Jay...” There was a penitent plea in Jina's tone as she stared into tears brewing. “Jay, I—” She wished for the correct words to speak her feelings, but the longer it took to string them together, the firmer she could feel Jayla’s regret. She had to separate her sight from Jayla’s.
The elevator pinged and the doors opened to the second sub-level. People were casually passing. Jayla could feel the stares and hear the laughter again. She hung her head and took a step back, all the while hating that she could not completely conceal all of the blood showing perfectly in her face. “I’m sorry,” she whispered, her voice cracking. She stepped all the way back to the opposite wall. “I’m so sorry.”
“No, don’t be sorry, Jay. Please don’t be sorry. What you said was so beautiful, and it takes so much courage to put yourself out there like that. And I just... I... I do love you so much. But not... like... that.” The elevator doors closed. Jina tried to put something of a smile up, but her heart kept the corners of it dragging down.
Jayla wiped tears from her cheeks and sniffled.
“Please don’t cry, Jay.”
“Why shouldn’t I be crying? After all of this time, of all things, what made me think that this was going to change how you feel about me? I was just so desperate, so stupid.”
Jina went to Jayla to hold her closely. “You’re not stupid, Jay. These kinds of feelings just make us do things that we normally wouldn’t do. And just because I’m not in love with you that doesn’t mean you mean any less to me than any person in my life. You’re like a sister to me and that’s the only reason I can’t see you in the way that you want me to see you. But I really don’t want to change what we have because I appreciate it so much. You just don’t even know how grateful I am to call you my friend. I mean even after my stupidity almost got you killed, you stuck right by my side without even a second thought. And I love that I can comfortably be myself around you and tell you things that I wouldn’t dare tell anyone else. Our relationship is so special. It's the best kind of relationship, and I wouldn't trade it for anything. And Pepper’s never gonna replace that or replace you. Okay?”
Jayla cooked up a smile, if only to make sure Jina did not feel bad. She made a small chuckle. “She might have to. You’re gonna need a new friend after my dad sees my hair and kills me.”
Jina laughed. “See, this is how I like us: as girlfriends, but not girlfriends. Sometimes friendships are way stronger than other types of relationships, and I think that after almost thirteen years, there’s no doubt that ours is unbreakable. We may never date, or get married, or have kids together, but we’re definitely gonna grow old together. And I’m sure there’s an astoundingly beautiful and intelligent girl somewhere out there just waiting for a girl like you. So, don’t worry, okay?”
Jayla nodded. “But can I still have a kiss?”
“You certainly can.” Just as the doors opened to the ground floor, Jina planted on Jayla’s cheek a noisy smooch that made her giggle.
Pepper stood there, clutching her bags, unamused.
Jina and Jayla stepped off of the elevator. “So, are we, like, in an okay place, now?” Jina asked.
“Yeah. We’re fine, I guess. I just need to... find my own thing or whatever.” Jayla gave her glasses a push at the bridge to adjust them to sit better on her face. “Concentrate on me or something.”
“That’s right. Do you, Jay.”
“Yeah, that’s pretty much how it’s gonna be for me for a while.”
As Jayla walked on about her way, Pepper shot her some scorn in her passing. She walked up to Jina. “What the hell was that about?”
“Oh, it was nothing to worry about.”
“No, don’t tell me it was nothing to worry about.  Your friend, that I know is not too fond of me, shoved me out of the way to pull you into an elevator. Then, you two come back up and I see you giving her a kiss.”
“It was just on the cheek, Pep. Jeez, you’re not, like, jealous, are you?” She gave Pepper a peck on the lips. “There, now you’re more than even. Can we leave, now?”
“Not until you tell me what happened.”
“Oh, my god, nothing happened. Seriously. What, do you think we just ran off and had sex or something?”
“I just want to know what happened.”
“Nothing. I mean do you honestly think that Jayla’s libido is so high that she couldn’t control herself and just had to snatch me away for a make-out session? And on top of that, do you think that I would disrespect our relationship and just go along with it if she did want to do that? Come on, Pep. I love you too much to do that to you.”
“Well, it just happened so fast, and she looked so... eager. She stuck her tongue out at me.”
“It’s nothing, Pepper. Seriously, don’t worry about it. Let’s get home before the fish spoils.” Jina locked her arm in Pepper’s and coaxed her into a stroll away. But on the inside of Pepper’s head, it was far from relaxed. The command not to worry seemed to only make her want to worry more.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Meanwhile, down on the first sub-level, Kerou and Morgan danced with the couple hundred kids making up the audience for the peppy crooner on stage. Some were screaming the lyrics while others were just screaming, but all were awash with unmanageable elation from every note rushing from the amplifiers. Yards away, screams of an opposite nature had broken out as two creatures on growling motorcycles ripped through the walkways. Kerou and Morgan craned to see what the disturbance was and beheld a pair of cadaverous women with green skin and bat-like wings on their backs, dressed close to aviators of the early 20th century.
“Taste the power of our muffins! Fear the sweetness!” one of the monsters said.
“Help! A quasi-misandric oral sex reference!” a man cried as he tried to out-run the monsters. “We wouldn’t get this kind of thing at McDonald’s; they have family standards!” One of the monsters materialized a muffin in her hand and threw it at the man. It exploded on impact with his back and launched him through a storefront window.
A security guard ran up on stage and scooped up the singer to whisk him away to safety, but the lady-beasts put their hands out to form bagels around the man’s ankles and halted his fleeing. He fell forward and dropped his cargo. Girls screeched in horror.
“We’ve got to do something. We can’t let all these people get hurt,” Kerou said.
Morgan looked to the monsters. Then, she looked to all of the people around her. She looked to the monsters and to the people. Her frown was strong. She bounced in place, ready to spring into action, but held back her eagerness. “I don’t know, dude. I mean I know we’ve got a civic duty, but I think I know these anomaly girls. I think they’re the daughters of the friendly neighborhood bakers that I grew up with.”
“But they’re endangering all these lives. We’ve got to charm up,” Kerou whispered.
“But where? There’s, like, people everywhere.”
Other security guards gathered in the path of the beasts and whipped out their guns, but before they could get a shot off, the women launched burning cookies into their faces and sent them into flails and screams. Then, they sped through the barrier of the guards to ride up onto the stage. Kids and their parents chanced escapes, but the monster women combined their abilities to form a humongous Bundt cake around the audience to trap them away from the rest of the mall-goers.
“You guys, it’s just cake. Maybe we can just dig our way out of this thing,” said a teenage girl. She tried to shove her hand into the dessert but her bones cracked as they slammed against the hardened glaze. She howled in pain and shook her hand to try to clear out the stinging.
Anita and Josephine cackled. “You guys are no match for the Baker Family icing recipe, especially now that it’s been strengthened with our new abilities.”
“There’s no dessert out there that I can’t handle!” said a young boy. He began to lick the wall, but he stopped. “Wait, is this gluten-free?”
“No.”
“You monsters!” the kids screamed.
The sisters cackled again. “Now hear us, all you children... and shady adults that are way too close to the pre-pubescent kids.”
“We’re just volunteer chaperones,” said a man in a trench coat. He and a group of cloaked men bounced tightly in place, muttering agreement, shifting their eyes from side to side.
“If you all wanna rot your brains with pop music, far be it from us to stop you,” Josephine said, “but you all are gonna learn some history today.” She plugged a cord from a boombox into the stage’s audio console. From the large speakers came the soft, introductory strumming of a guitar and it was followed by the delicate warble of the lyrics. “Behold! ‘I Want It That Way’ by the Backstreet Boys!” she said.
Boys covered their ears. Girls shrunk in disgust. “Oh, God, is that five-part harmony?”
“Turn it off! There’s no noticeable auto-tune!”
“I can’t believe you guys,” Morgan called to the Bakers. “My friend was right: You all did set those fires, didn’t you?”
“Oh, of course we started the fires; McDonald’s was gonna ruin our family’s business,” Anita said. “As if it wasn’t bad enough to see irresponsible parents letting their children go in those restaurants day in and day out for combo meals and all of that gross, soulless, mass-produced crap, we knew that once this GaGa promotion started, it would be the end of us. We had to do something.”
“And frankly, we just hate today’s music. It’s not like the good stuff that we had back in the ‘90s and early 2000s,” Josephine said. 
“Boooooooo!” The greater portion of the kids in the audience jeered. 
“Boo all you want. Who’s gonna stop us?” Josephine turned the volume up to its highest level and laughed.
A bullet tore through the boombox to end the audio onslaught. The sisters turned and saw Mimi atop the cake wall with her rifle in hand. Beside her was Honeybee. “We are,” Honeybee said. The two of them jumped down onto the stage.
“OMG, how cool is Justin Bieber?” said a girl in the audience. “He actually got the Pretty Killers to be a part of his show.” The kids cheered.
“No! He had nothing to do with this,” Anita said.
“Then, that lets us know whose ass to kick,” Mimi said.
Anita and Josephine materialized some muffins in their hands. “Prepare to get muffin smacked!”
Morgan leaped over the audience barricade and climbed onto the stage. She crouched to avoid a hit from a flying muffin. “You guys, wait, wait! I have an idea.” 
“Get out of the way, Morgan,” Mimi said. She paused and shifted her eyes from the left to the right slowly. “Whose name I only know because she’s the daughter of the mayor.”
“No, just let me talk to them.”
“You’ve got ten seconds,” said Anita. “But only because you were a good customer of our mother’s”
“Ten seconds? But I thought up a whole model for operations within the next six fiscal quarters. How am I supposed to—”
“Seven seconds.”
“Fine. I was thinking that since you guys turned into anomalies and have monster-muffin-making powers, maybe you guys could use that to be like an attraction for your bakery.”
“What... like a gimmick?” said Josephine. “Who would buy our sugary treats just because a pair of creatures are selling them?”
“Actually, that does sound pretty cool. It’s not like McDonald’s is using a mascot anymore,” said a young girl. More kids began to chime in accord.
“And it would be nice to eat a cookie without the sugar that gives you a headache,” a boy said. The kids fervently agreed.
“Dammit!” a parent cried. “We stopped going to your bakery for a reason! It took some of us years to ween ourselves off of your mother’s sweets and now that we’re finally eating healthily and have our kids on a good diet, you all show up with your goddamn sugar walls!”
The trench coat men bounced in their places, muttering “sugar walls” repeatedly and snickering.
“I hope you two are proud of yourselves,” said another parent. “You two think that you’re so great for trying to take these kids back to some glorious age of eating, but all you’re doing is stuffing them full of refined sugar. You’re no better than the cereal, snack, and fast food commercials from your precious nineties decade. You twenty-somethings can romanticize the past all you want, but we parents have to think about the future of our kids, and if that includes a diet that cuts out all of the trans fats and carbs and cruelty-through-trade that your bakery’s full of, then that’s what we choose for them or they choose for themselves. Who are you to judge us?”
“And where do you get off trying to make us other parents bad guys for letting our kids eat McDonald’s?” a third parent said. “They may not be perfect, but they’ve all gotten rid of the super-size options; they offer milk and fruit with children’s meals; they have nutritional facts on all of the placemats and packaging so we parents, who choose not to do—or just can’t do—the vegetarian thing, can monitor our, and the kids’, caloric, trans fat, cholesterol, and sodium intake. And until you’re a parent of six, coming in dead tired from a long day at work, and you have to help all the kids with their homework, and you just don’t feel like broiling some fish and vegetables, then don’t you dare try to tell me what I can feed my kids. I’m a grown woman, and if I want to give my kids a burger and a toy, then dammit, they’re gettin’ a burger and toy. And at the end of it all, if we don’t wanna go to your goddamn bakery, then we just don’t wanna to your goddamn bakery. That’s just how the goods industry works. Deal with it.”
“Okay, okay, fine! Jeez. We’ll adapt our menu to current tastes, and stop worrying about other people’s lives,” Anita said.
“But we still think today’s music sucks,” said Josephine said.
“That’s fair. We think that too,” said another parent. “No band or artists from the ‘90s or today could hold a candle to the greats like Bon Jovi or David Lee Roth. Now, those were some frontmen.”
“Boooooooo!” Every child, teenager, and twenty-something in the area viciously jeered at the parents.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Trecille lurked in the dark of the city like a nocturnal carnivore ...or a superhero with dead parents and a lot of money. She was waiting for just the right moment to snatch up her prey and quickly crept from an alley to beside a car to behind a mailbox on the sidewalk, all the while keeping her eyes on Doctor and his mystery mistress. They exited from a shop but did not make two steps to his car parked by the curb before Trecille dropped down into their path. Doctor and the woman screamed and stumbled backwards. Doctor clutched his chest and searched the area. “Trecille? What the—? Where did you come from?”
“Oh, no, don’t worry about me. The question is what the hell are you doing running around town with this Trixie McGee?”
Steffennie and London shot out from around a corner to come between Trecille and the couple. “Ms. Cordova, please calm down,” Steffennie said.
“I certainly will not calm down! Why should I be the one to act civilized when these so-called ‘men’ out here are so desperate to get their dick wet that they step out on good, loyal, and loving women without even a second thought about the subject. And then they wanna act like we’re the ones with the problem just because they don’t wanna admit that they don't know how to deal with a mature woman. Well, you know what, if you wanna play hopscotch and jacks with little pea-brained schoolgirls like London, then you just go on ahead.”
“Hey! My brain’s regular-sized.” London said. “I mean I guess it is. It’s not like I’ve ever seen it.”
“Are you done, Tre?” Doctor said.
“No! Shut up! You don’t get to say a damn thing ‘cause you know I’ve been cheated on before, and you know how much it hurt me, and I’ll be damned to the seventh circle of Hell if I’m gonna stand here and let another man make a fool of me and my feelings again. Especially some no-stroke, high-horse, sell-out, bitch-ass, more-waves-in-his-crooked-ass-fade-than-the-Atlantic-Ocean, ashy-knee-grass-eatin’ nerd!”
The woman covered her mouth to stifle a laugh.
“I don’t know why you laughin’, Miss Chuckle-cunt. You lucky I ain’t snatched off yo’ wig and choked it with you yet,” Trecille said. “You need to get’cho own man.”
“Trust me, Doctor’s all yours. I promise I have absolutely no intentions of ever being with him. I’m his little sister.”
“Don’t try that crap with me. If he’s your brother, prove it.”
The woman reached into her purse and retrieved her wallet. She pulled out her identification card and handed it to Trecille. Trecille snatched the card away and studied it. “Lawyer Orjudge Connor?” She threw the card back to the woman. “That don’t mean nothing. You probably had that printed up just to throw me off of your stank-ass hoe scent. It smells like Motions and Flamin’ Hot Cheetoes.”
“Your name’s Lawyer? That’s so cute,” London said. “Did you actually become a Lawyer like Doctor became a doctor? Oh, my God, can you imagine if I grew up to be my name? ...Wait, could I be a city? Like, is it legal for an American to have a monarchy run on her?”
“Stop, London. Please,” Steffennie said, rubbing her temples.
“I promise he’s my brother,” Lawyer said. “And he’s told me all about you; he’s crazy about you. And the only reason he and I were together, today, is I was helping him shop for a gift for you. He just wanted a lady’s opinion.”
“A gift?” Trecille’s ardor toned down to something of a coy simmer. “What kinda gift?”
“Take a wild guess,” said Lawyer.
Doctor reached into his coat and pulled out a small, velvet-covered box.
All ire was flushed from Trecille, but her heart would not slow. Words failed her. She gasped, grabbed Steffennie’s arm, and pointed. “Oh, my God! That— that— that’s a— Oh, my God!” She covered her mouth and giggled.
Doctor crouched down to one knee, and he gazed straight into Trecille’s eyes that were sparkling from tears brewing. He cleared his throat. “Tre—”
“Yes!” London screamed. “Yes, she’ll marry you!” Everyone turned to the girl and let their flat stares bespeak displeasure. “I’m sorry. This is just so exciting.”
Doctor turned back to Trecille and took in a deep breath. “Trecille, I can only describe our meeting as fate, some sort of work of a higher order because there’s absolutely no other way to explain the result of our paths crossing. And every day, I’m grateful that you gave this no-stroke, high-horse, sell-out, bitch-ass, more-waves-in-his-crooked-ass-fade-than-the-whole-Atlantic-Ocean, grass-eatin’ nerd a chance.”
“You forgot ashy knees,” said Lawyer.
Doctor rolled his eyes and brought them back to focus on Trecille. “You’re an amazing woman. So intelligent, so astoundingly beautiful, and I love that you’re a fighter—Lord knows you’re a fighter.” He chuckled. “But you’re still so sensitive and caring. And you don’t ever have to worry about me looking for another woman because I will never, ever be able to find someone as unique as you. You’re as perfect as perfect can get in my eyes, and I would be the dumbest person in history to let someone like you get away from me. I know it feels like we just met, but it feels like I've fallen in love with you more and more since that night a little time back. And I don't know how to really put into words how I feel when I think about you, whenever I see you, whenever I'm with you. There aren't words good enough to say how proud I am to be with you. All I know is I want this feeling forever if you'll allow it. So...” He opened the box to present to her a band of white gold with a shimmering one carat diamond surrounded by two sapphires set into it. “Carmen Maria Trecille Cordova, will you do me the honor of being my wife?”
Trecille burst into sobbing and nodded. Doctor took Trecille’s hand and slid the ring onto her trembling finger. 
London threw her head back and erupted into wild weeping. She wrapped her arms tightly around Steffennie.
“I mean it, Tre,” Doctor said. “You don’t ever have to worry about me ever being unfaithful. I love you and I care about you way too much to do that to you and your girls. I promise that you’re my one and only forever.”
Trecille nodded again. Doctor stood and met her in a hug. He gave her a kiss on the cheek.
“Oh, my God, this is so beautiful,” said London. “It’s just like when—”
“No!” Trecille turned to London and put a finger in her face. “No! You are not gonna ruin my moment with one of your airhead anecdotes. Just shut up and let me luxuriate in this.” She turned back to Doctor and returned his kiss with a gentle one on the lips, their hearts closer than that touch or their hands’ or bodies’ or noses brushing each other. 

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Jina and Pepper arrived at Jina’s house and parked the car in the garage. They entered the home and took the short walk to the kitchen where they placed their  grocery bags on the counter. “You start preparing the fish, and I’ll chop the vegetables. I wanna do at least something to help,” Jina said. She laughed, but Pepper didn’t give up one snicker. “Pep, what’s wrong?”
“What the hell do you think is wrong? I know something’s going on between you and Jayla and you’re not telling me.”
“Oh, my God, Pepper, are you still worrying about that? It was nothing; we just talked. She was just afraid that you and me dating was going to have a strain on our friendship, and I just assured her that it wouldn’t. That’s it. Just stop worrying.”
“Why do people keep telling me that?!” Pepper shrieked. She braced herself against the counter and dropped her head. She took in a deep breath as a couple tears began to build in her eyes.
“Pepper, are you seriously freaking out this much over me and Jayla? She’s only my friend. How much more clear can I make it? What do you want me to do?”
“It’s not Jayla. Or you. I just... I can’t—” Pepper wiped her eyes. “I can't deal with this. I frickin' hate this!”
Not once had Jina seen anything on Pepper further than an annoyed frown that could not be remedied with an easy jest. To see her in her current state, it scared her. It left her insides feeling thick and swirling. Those tears had to be heavy to be falling. But what was spoken signaled a series of memories to return to Jina. Those times that she walked as the worst of herself, unable to free herself from that snare that dragged her down to that grim side, no matter how sick the aftermath of the destruction made her. Pepper was caught in a vise of her own. It was unmistakable. And the one within her, it was strong. Possibly deadly and stoking resentment in Pepper for being a hostage to it. Jina hoped that she could reason with the immaterial villain to maybe lessen its hold. She just wanted Pepper to know that she could undoubtedly trust her. Trust was the only thing she could offer for comfort now. “Pepper... what can't you deal with? Do you wanna talk? Whatever’s on your mind, you can tell me.”
Pepper whispered something to herself, barely audible for even her own ears to discern the words. She took in another breath and kept her sight away from Jina. She just stared at the counter as she leaned on it. “I was your dreamgirl, Jina. I was everything you wanted. I was perfect to you. Do you know how good it made me feel to hear you say those things about me? To hear I was perfect, and not just some crazy girl who’s loving life one day and then for, like, weeks after that, so scared and confused and stuff hurts and I hate myself and every mistake I’ve made? And I have to go to school like that and I just don’t wanna talk to anyone or deal with their crap. I mean people avoided me. People I thought I could trust just, like, abandoned me. They said they were tired of dealing with my moods. They were fine with the manic highs, but every other time, they said I was too depressing, and that just made me feel worse ‘cause I just felt like I was in everyone’s way. And, yeah, I take medicine to help, but some days I just have that one episode where I just can’t control anything and I do stupid stuff or most likely I just wanna cry in my room and I just wish that this thing could go away. And I really wish... I...” Pepper took a deep breath to steady her nerves and swallowed a lump of saliva. “I really, really wish I told my dad how I felt about him dating Felicia. Because it was never like he asked me how I felt about it. It was just like ‘I want you to meet this girl,’ and then the next thing I knew, she’s my step mom. That right there. That really set me off in a bad way. And I wish I said something because the more I held it in that I didn’t like her, because I didn’t want to take away his happiness, the worse I would feel. And now, I don’t hate Felicia as much as I did when I met her, but still, the more I think about how I didn’t say something before they got married, the worse I feel. So, it just keeps building and building. All of these regret feelings and stuff.
But then we moved here and I met you.” She smiled and Jina reflected it. “And just knowing that you thought I was so beautiful and amazing, it made me feel good, you know? Texting with you at school, and talking to you before we go to sleep. Those things help me so much on some days. But I was still afraid that if I told you that I was... the way I am. You know, bipolar? You’d look at me like everyone else did and not want to talk to me anymore, and I just didn’t want to lose the feeling that you give me. Even after you told me about your condition, I thought ‘Well, she’ll understand,’ but I still didn’t want to take the chance. And I guess that seeing you run off with Jayla like that today, I knew in my heart that you wouldn’t do anything with her, but I couldn’t keep my mind from going to that worst-case scenario, ‘cause I just slip into it and I don’t even realize its happening. And I don’t want you to feel like you’re trapped and stuck with me, but I really just don’t know what I’d do without you. I really want to be with you, but I don’t wanna be a burden, you know? That's all I think about.”
“No, Pep, no.” Jina came closely to Pepper's side and took one of her hands in hers. “Listen to me, you will never be a burden, and screw anybody who’d call their self a friend and think that about you. Disorder or no disorder, you’re a great person. And I would never throw away a relationship as special as what we have just because you’re wired a bit differently than some people. You didn’t when I told you about my crazy problem. You were cool with it because you understood. You didn't walk on eggshells around me for fear that I was going to freak out or anything. You're calm, you were patient if ever I did get a little out of hand, and all you've done since we've met is make me feel special. And that’s why you’ll always, no matter what, be my dreamgirl. Because you’re not a rude bitchface.”
Pepper laughed.
“And just knowing you care about me no matter what’s happening in my head or with my body or whatever, that’s all any girl could want. And that’s how I’ll be with you. I really, really, really like you, Pep.”
“Thank you, Jina. But just so we’re clear, I was the crazy girl back at my old school, but I wasn’t the crazy girl who cut off that guy’s dad’s penis.”
“Oh, okay. I mean it's not like I was assuming that.”
“I know. I just wanted to clarify. I wasn't sure.”
“No, you're good.”




Chapter Eighteen
Home


The doorbell rang and drew from Trecille a great grin. “I’ll get it!” she said. Her high-heeled shoes clicked rapidly in her scamper over the foyer floor. It was uncommon for the queen of the castle to be so eager to let outsiders within her walls, but as her home was packed with friends and relatives, it was obvious that the day was a special occasion. She stopped at the front door, quickly wiped her hands on the apron tied around her waist, straightened her blouse’s collar, and smoothed down any loose hairs in her coiffure. Then, she opened the door to Doctor, Lawyer, and their parents Warrior and Lover. “Happy Thanksgiving!” she said.
“There’s my future daughter-in-law!” said Warrior. He led the family in entering the home and met Trecille in a hug. He laid his head on her bosom. “It is so good to finally meet you.” 
Not without apprehension, Trecille chuckled. She looked to the scowl forming on Lover’s face. “Um... nice to meet you too, sir.”
The hug’s duration: four seconds, five seconds, six seconds “Lord Jesus, it’s so good to meet you,” Warrior said.
“Boy, if you don’t—!” Lover grabbed Warrior by his jacket’s collar and yanked him away. “Get’cho ass together or I’m gonna be serving you for dinner, you turkey.” 
“You serving? You ain’t served me since stamps were six cents. Shoot, I’m lucky if you even pass me the remote,” Warrior said.
“Shut up.”
Trecille laughed as she and Doctor took the coats from the couple and Lawyer. “Oh, my goodness, you two are the parents I wish I had when I was growing up. I know me and Doctor are gonna be like you when we get to your age.” They took the coats to the closet nearby.
“He’s probably gonna be worse,” Lover said. “I swear the men in this family think they’re the stuff but they’re cornier than grits and twice as flavorless. I don’t know how I put up with this man.”
“’Cause you know you the butter to my grits.” Warrior prepared a kiss for Lover’s cheek, but she grabbed his face and pushed him away.
“You butter watch yourself.”
“You two are adorable,” Trecille said. “Come on back to the kitchen, I want you to meet the rest of my family.”
Lawyer and Lover scanned the home’s architecture as they followed Trecille and were in awe of the size and beauty of all around them while Warrior found himself awestruck by the size and beauty of Trecille’s posterior in motion before him. Both parties renewed their astonishment when they arrived at the room filled with the guests, some assisting in food preparation.
“Mr. and Mrs. Connor, these are my friends and my family: my older sister Angie and her son Joey, my other sister Reilene and her husband René, and their daughters Amanda and Chavon, my daughters Tomika and Jina, Tomika’s boyfriend Marc, my neighbors Jeff and Felicia, and their daughter and Jina’s girlfriend Pepper, and my best friend Steffennie. Everyone, this is Mr. and Mrs. Connor Doctor’s parents, and his sister Lawyer.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you all,” said Lover.
“It’s a great pleasure to meet all of you,” said Warrior. ”Beauty runs in the family, huh, Trecille?”
Jina paused her slicing of vegetables to do a faux-modest flip of her hair over her shoulder. “Thank you. I get that all the time.”
“He’s talking about your aunts,” Doctor said.
“Oh, thank you,” Reilene said, imitating Jina’s hair flip. “We get that all the time when we’re wrist deep in biscuit dough.” She and Angie laughed.
“Our younger sister, Cristina, should be here soon, too,” said Trecille. The doorbell rang. “Oh! Or now. I guess my sister senses were tingling.”
“I feel it, too, Lord, have mercy,” said Warrior as he wiped his brow with a handkerchief. Lover slapped his arm.
“You can help yourself to the hors d’oeuvres and the television in the den. I’ll be back in a minute.” Trecille scurried back to the front door and opened it. “Happy Thanksssss—” She froze. Everything in her body tightened. Her blood ran cold and quickly. Every trace of her joy drained from her body. Her sister Cristina stood there smiling on her porch, but behind her were two beings that had long starred in Trecille's nightmares. It was her parents Eduardo and Isabella.
“Come on, Carmen, sound it out: giiiiive... ing,” Isabella said.
The condescension. And the smirk to which it was forever tied. Recollections of those weapons routinely leaving tears on her pre-adolescent face soured her stomach. Trecille put all of her abhorrence into slamming the door and braced herself against it. Her breathing went shallow as she strained to suppress vomit from mental flashes appearing so vividly that she felt as if she were back in New York, standing in a room with the woman to ingest every one of her insults again and again. How she wished that, like that door, she could put up a barrier to that woman, but she was well already inside.
A series of knocks tapped through the door and went through Trecille’s back to snap her back to the present. Muffled through the wood, she could hear Cristina.
“Come on, Tre, let us in. It’s cold out here.”
Trecille flung the door open, pulled Cristina in, and she shut the door. Cristina stumbled a bit, but she kept herself from a fall.
“Wow, rude, much? I get you’re surprised, but still.”
“Why, Crissy? Why would you bring that woman here? You know I hate her. You know she hates me,” Trecille said.
“Mama doesn’t hate you.”
“Almost 16 years of being called ‘stupid’ and picking on me and criticizing every last thing that I do would say different.”
“I know you and mama always got into it a bit when we were kids, but it’s been, like, twenty years since we’ve all eaten at the same table. I just wanted my whole family to be together again.” Cristina pouted and dropped her head to look up at Trecille out of the corners of her eyes. “And I especially wanted to celebrate all of the success my cool-big-sister-who-I-never-stop-bragging-about had this year.”
“Crissy, no. If I let her in, all she’s gonna do is just criticize me, my home, my food, everything because that’s all she knows how to do. I’m not dealing with it today.”
The door opened and Isabella peeked inside. “Then, maybe you should’ve locked the door after you slammed it in our faces.” She and Eduardo stepped into the home. “Honestamente, Carmen, pensar. ¿Y te mataría a limpiar algún? ¿Qué? You become a superstar, and you forget how to use the escoba?”
“See! This is exactly what I’m talking about!”
Eduardo chuckled as he took off his coat. “She’s just joking, mija. We heard you through the door and just thought we’d tease you a bit.” He took his coat to the closet.
“¿De veras, papá? You don’t think I got enough of that when I was kid? You don’t think that maybe her brand of ‘teasing’ really hurts my feelings? You don’t think that maybe I get pissed from every little thing that comes out of the mouth of that— that—?”
“¿Bruja-diabla?” Isabella put her and Cristina’s coats in the closet.
“Oh, my God, can you at least let me get to it?”
“I’m just trying to help you, mija.”
“But that’s just it! Your help is the prime example of passive-aggressive bitchiness.”
“I assume you’re referring to the abrasive subtype of passive-aggression, but it’d be remiss if I didn’t tell you that the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders doesn’t really consider that a legitimate form of passive-aggression. But I wouldn’t expect you to know that, dear. It’s okay, you tried.”
“See! She’s doing it again. I’m not going to put up with that bull crap again, especially in my own damn house.”
Eduardo chuckled. “She’s only joking, Carmen. Lighten up.”
“But it’s not funny.”
Angie and Reilene came into the foyer. “Tre, what the heck is going on in—?” The women gasped. “Oh, my God, mama! Papá!” Angelina ran to smother the wiry, little woman in a hug and kiss her cheek. Reilene did the same to their father. “I didn’t know you guys were coming,” she said.
Angie’s glee dialed down. “And from the look of Tre’s face, I’d say she didn’t either. Cristina, was this your idea?”
“It was. With me, and mama and papá in New York, and you in Illinois, and Tre and Reilene here in Michigan, I thought it was time for us to be together again. It’s Thanksgiving, and we’ve all got so much to be thankful for, especially for having such a loving and successful family.”
“Loving... really?” Trecille said, scoffing. “Seriously, Cristina, I only hope that you thinking I would be okay with this is coming from you being too young to remember why I left home in the first place. You wanna have a reunion? Fine, I understand, but there is absolutely no love between me and that woman.”
“Now, Carmen,” Isabella said, “I may have been a little hard on you. I even admit I may have lost my temper but you know that I loved you. I have always told you that I love you.”
“I could tell you that, too, but that doesn’t mean I mean it.”
“So, by that logic, the things that I have said that have upset you so, you know that I may not have meant them, and maybe you are just overreacting? Correct?”
The smirk again. It triggered a cringe. “Don’t. Just don’t.” Trecille turned and left for the kitchen. 
As Trecille stormed into the kitchen the deeply morose look on her drew instant concern from Doctor. He inquired on her state, but she would not respond. She went to the refrigerator to retrieve a carton of eggs and a bottle of milk and brought them to the counter to continue her cooking preparations. She did not need to speak. The clarity Doctor needed came as Isabella and Eduardo entered with the sisters, and though they gave to Amanda, Chavon, Joey and Jina a rush of joy, their presence deepened unease in him. “Tre, what are your parents doing here?” he whispered.
“Giving me hypertension. Apparently, little Miss Cristina Snow thought it would be super-freakin’-peachy-keen to surprise me with a family reunion. But I swear I am just so upset, I’m nearly shaking. I can’t believe that little girl right now. She honestly doesn’t remember how much of a bitch that woman was to me.”
“Should I still introduce myself? I mean at least to your father? You know, just to be polite?”
“Whatever. I don’t give a crap. The whole day’s been shot to hell.”
“Aw, it’ll be okay, babe.” He kissed her forehead. “Don’t let one bad wig spoil the drag show.”
“Remind me to laugh at that when the matricide thoughts subside.”
Isabella held Jina at arm’s length and studied her body from toes to head. “My goodness, Jina, es como miro a mi reflejo desde tenía 16 años, pero the height! You shot up like a sunflower since the last picture of you we saw!”
Eduardo chuckled. “What have you been feeding this girl, mija?”
“Genetics.”
He chuckled again. “Good one, mija. Who’s your friend?”
“Doctor Connor, sir.” Doctor walked up to Eduardo and shook his hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“You, too, young man. May I ask if you put that ring on my little girl’s finger? These eyes may be old, but they don’t miss a thing.”
Doctor’s smile was halfway full.  “Yes, sir. We’re engaged.”
Cristina gasped. “Oh, my God, Tre, for real? Why am I just now finding out? I bet you told Rei and Angie already, didn’t you?”
Trecille turned from mixing a bowl’s contents to aid a deep sneer to her words. “I was going to tell you as soon as you got here, but you brought your own surprise, remember?”
“Congrats, Aunt Tre,” said Amanda. Chavon added her sentiments.
“Thank you, girls,” Trecille said softly.
“Yes, congratulations. And as much as I would like to be kept in the loop more, I’m happy for you two,” Eduardo said. He went over to Trecille and kissed her cheek. “And you, Connor, you break my girl’s heart, I break your face. Understood?”
“Understood, sir.”
“Good. Welcome to the family.”
“Yes. That’s cute. Congratulations,” Isabella said. “Carmen, I see you’re making a cake. You are using the creaming technique, right? You do remember I told you to mix the butter and the sugar first. Then, add the eggs, and so on.”
Trecille bit her lip and blew out a deep breath. She took her hands from the bowl and the spoon, and she braced herself against the counter. “Does... it... freakin’... matter?”
“Of course it matters, mija. I mean unless you’re trying to make a heavy and chewy cake.”
“Mama, please don’t. It really is not that serious.”
“Now, Reilene, you know what I’ve always told you girls. You shouldn’t do it at all if you’re not doing it correctly. I’m just trying to help Carmen make a delicious dessert.”
“Fine! Fine. You know what, screw it, then. I won’t make the goddamned cake.” Trecille took the bowl to the sink and dropped it in sideways to let the batter spill into the drain. The room had gone silent and all focus was on her as she quickly stomped her way to the garage door.
Eduardo grabbed her arm. “Carmen, wait.”
She yanked her limb from his grip. “No, don’t even worry about it. If Professor Perfection wants a freakin’ feather cake, then I’m just gonna go out and buy her ass one, since, once again, I can’t seem to do a damn thing right.”
“’Correctly’, mija,” Isabella said. “You always did have trouble with adverbs, didn’t you?”
Trecille could not make words, and had she been able to, they would not have been anywhere powerful enough to convey the frustration she was feeling burning her gullet. She just needed to get away from that bedeviling smirk. She exited through the door to the garage and slammed it behind her.
“Uh... what the hell just happened?” Felicia said.
Angie looked to Isabella. “Ma, was any of that necessary?”
“I have no idea what you mean. I didn’t tell her to go to the store. She could’ve started a new batter, and I would’ve been happy to help her.”
“You always do this. Can’t you leave her alone for, like, five minutes? I mean she was kind enough to let us all into her home, and then you go and make her feel like crap again. Why do you always pick on her?”
“I’m not picking on her. Mija, even at this age, she still needs to learn, and I bet you that, now, she won’t forget to do the butter and the sugar first. An effective lesson.”
“She’s not one of your students; she’s your daughter.”
“Yes, she is, isn’t she?” Isabella said with a smile. She turned to Jina. “Honey, would you mind showing me the way to the powder room?”
Jina wanted to come to the defense of her mother but the nonchalance on the woman chilled her. It was ominous. It put into her a fear of some horrid consequence should she choose to raise her voice in opposition. Simply, it just compelled her to submit, and she could see that Tomika, who had averted eye contact with the woman, had gathered a similar feeling. “Yes, ma’am,” Jina said softly. She zipped over to her side to guide her to the bathroom on the second floor.
The people stayed silent. Warrior craned to see the ladies leave earshot. “I’ll tell you this much: I don’t think we need no cake. We can all just cut a slice of some of this thick-ass tension in the room ‘cause there’s definitely enough to go around.”
“This is all my fault. I ruined Thanksgiving,” Cristina said.
“Aw, calm down, girly,” Warrior said. “I’ve had Thanksgivings worse than this. You ever tried to eat some turkey and potatoes with the Vietcong breathing down your back, trench foot burning a hole through your shoes? This is nothing compared to serving in the war.”
“Boy, calm down actin’ like you was on the battlefield. Yeah, you served in the war. Served breakfast, lunch, and dinner.”
“Damn, Lover. Why you always gotta cut deep like that? I can’t say nothin’.” Warrior folded his arms and sunk down into his seat to sulk.
A couple of chuckles and giggles floated through the room.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

At the Quezada family mansion, the task of dressing the dining table for the impending feast had been put upon Jizzelle, and in her managing the responsibility, she had resolved to take great care to provide an immaculate setting. She had meticulously cleaned the dishes, silverware, and stemware to ensure that they would catch the chandelier’s shine as best as they could. Then, in setting the four places at which she and her family would dine, she arranged them symmetrically enough to nearly be mirror images when viewed from the correct angles. But upon hearing the sound of the front door opening and closing, all heed to the scene was flushed from her mind.
Jizzelle had been anticipating this arrival for a few days, and, after hurrying to the entrance hall, she found the wait to have been rewarded when she found her brother there, taking off his jacket. “Oh, my God, Jack!” She ran to the boy and threw her body against his for a hug. Her weight separated him from his footing and the two of them stumbled backwards to a wall. She grabbed his shirt and gave him a strong kiss on the lips. The taste of his tongue gave her a thrilling sensation for which she had long been yearning.
Jack whipped his head away from Jizzelle’s. Whoa, whoa, whoa there, J-bomb. What did I tell you about the kissing?” He pushed her away to put a step between them and unwrapped his scarf from around his neck.
“I’m sorry. I’m just so happy to have you back home.”
“I’m happy to be home, too, but not that happy. Nasty.” Jack wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “Where’s dad?”
“He’s not here. He ran down to the hotel for a couple of hours. You know, lots of people visiting today? And Friday went to the store for pasta sauce.” She pressed her body against Jack's. “Which means we probably have some time for a little quickie.”
Jack took Jizzelle’s face in one hand and squeezed her cheeks. He shook her head to the left and the right. “No.” He put his jacket over her head and breezed past her to go to the kitchen. “Now, tell me what’s on the menu. Something smells good.”
Jizzelle’s spirits dipped, but they were not destroyed. She removed the garment from her face and followed. “What you are smelling is the culmination of hours of work by Friday and yours truly. That’s right, dear brother, we forewent catering, this year, and we also forewent the traditional turkey dinner for juicy and tender steak, soup, lasagna, a seafood salad, a steamed vegetable medley, and homemade garlic bread. All my idea, of course.”
Jack peeked into the pots and pans resting on the range and sucked down all of the savory scents. “I’m impressed. Everything actually looks edible. Why didn’t you guys get a turkey though?”
Jizzelle draped Jack’s coat over the back of one of the chairs at the kitchen’s island and shrugged. “Just wanted to shake things up a bit. No big deal.”
“You guys went shopping late and when you got to the stores, all the turkeys were gone, right?”
“Look, forget the turkey. Your beautiful sister helped cook you a feast.” She presented the assortment of desserts sitting before her. “Look at all of these pies and cinnamon rolls. I made you your favorites; you should be kissing my feet in gratitude.”
“Oh, no, trust me, I’m extremely grateful for all you and Friday did. Everything honestly looks great.”
“Then show me how thankful you are. Let’s go up to my room for a couple of minutes.”
The phone on the counter by Jack rung. “Thank God,” he said, rolling his eyes at Jizzelle. He picked up the phone receiver. “Quezada residence.”
Jizzelle picked up a cinnamon roll and began slowly swirling her tongue through the icing, keeping her eyes locked on his.
Jack’s eyes lit up and a smile popped on his face. “Oh, my God, mom?”
The name made Jizzelle freeze, and she dropped into the exact opposite of her brother’s feeling. Suddenly, all that was sweet tasted tart and the more Jack happily carried on conversation, the deeper disgust tore through her stomach. Her carnal lust morphed into a blood lust, and one that long had ripened at that.
“Okay. ...All right. We’ll see you in a few.” Jack hung the phone up. “That was mom. She wants to meet us at the Moda Cafe to—”
“No.”
“No?”
“Yes, no. Isn’t it obvious why she called? Dad finally got the business out of bankruptcy, and then suddenly, after four freakin’ years since she walked out on us to go party, or screw, or snort or whatever the hell she’s been doing, suddenly, now she wants to talk? Doesn’t that sound hinky to you?”
“Well, when you put it like that, yeah, it sounds a little bad, but to me it sounds like a parent is in town, and she wants to see her children.”
“Her children that she abandoned! She just wants our money. Besides, we don’t need her. Dad’s happy with Friday. And I’m happy with Friday.”
“But I’m not. She’s not our mother; she’s like some older sister. And frankly, I don’t trust her. How do we know she didn’t just get with dad because she knew he’d turn the business around? Then, they’d get married, divorced, and she takes of everything we’ve worked for?”
“She wouldn’t do that. She’s not some gold-digger.”
“What? Just because she works for your friend’s mom? So? You’ve known this woman for, like, a few months, but we’ve known our mom our whole lives which is why I know that for whatever reason she left, it must’ve been something serious.”
“She left to party! How serious is that? She wanted to go act like some young socialite rather than a dignified mother, and for whatever reason she just up and forgot about the business, I’m not about to forgive her for that.”
But can you honestly say that up until that point, she was a bad woman? She obviously needs help fixing herself, or she has fixed herself and wants to make amends.”
“It’s too late for that. We don’t need her, Jack.”
“But she might need us. And I’m not going to shut her out, especially, now, if she does need help, we have the means to do something. And most of all, this is our chance to get answers. There was obviously something more to the situation than she ‘just got fed up with the stress of management’ like what dad’s been telling us this whole time. Don’t you at least want to hear her side of the story?”
“She’s just gonna give some excuse, or a lie. And I—” Curiosity began to quell Jizzelle’s anger, and underneath it, there was an immense want to, once again, be in the company of their mother. And as she ran back over her words, she did not even understand why the fury that had just arisen did, but the reaction to which she went whenever mention of her mother was made was the one that had been coming since the woman’s departure. It was natural but irrational. Natural but irrational. “But I... I do want to see her,” Jizzelle said softly. “I do miss her... a lot.”
“I do, too. Grab your coat, let’s go.”
“Okay.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Brick walls, dim lights, and a menu scrawled on a chalkboard. Moda Cafe’s interior did not differ from the homelike atmosphere offered by many of the local coffee-oriented eateries, but with many businesses closed on account of the holiday, it was the top outing choice for Queen City residents who—like the restaurant’s owners—opted against participating in traditions for a day that “blatantly disregarded the plight of the land’s indigenous peoples.” However bland the cafe’s drinks or preachy its patrons, Jack and Jizzelle were there with an objective, away from consuming fare, and as they walked through the door, apprehension was trumping excitement.
There she was, sitting at a booth with both her hands clasped around a cup of what looked to be tea, staring down at her drink through large sunglasses. Carrera Quezada. Sandy brown skin and, under a navy blue knit cap; sleek, black cherry hair that draped down to a scarf around her neck. But to her children, there was a noticeable change done to her in her absence. Her cheekbones protruded more than before, and there was just an overall dismal frailty on the woman who they once knew to never leave home without a confidence in her step and at least a few thousands of dollars worth of clothing and accessories on her body. Jack and Jizzelle approached the booth and perked a smile up onto her face as soon as she noticed them. “Hey, you guys came. I was getting a little worried.” Her voice was soft. She eased out of her seat to stand and meet both of the kids in a gentle hug. “How are you two?”
“We’re okay. What about you?” Jack said.
“I could be better.” She returned to her seat, and Jack and Jizzelle took seats opposite of her. “Did you guys want to order anything?”
“No, we’re fine. But what’s with all this near-clandestine business? Why couldn’t you just stop by the house? It’s not like we’ve moved.”
“I know, baby, but I just didn’t want to chance facing your father.”
“Why not? What happened between you two? What really happened?”
Carrera sighed. “To be honest, I don’t even remember.”
Jizzelle sneered. “You don’t remember? Seriously? You don’t remember disappearing for days at a time, or coming home drunk and screaming at the top of your lungs in the middle of the night, throwing things, fighting with dad, and just generally scaring the crap out of me?”
“I’m sorry I put you through that if that’s what happened—”
“It was.”
“But I just don’t remember. I mean yes, I do remember arguing with your father about some investments. Then, I’m waking up hung over in the bed of one of the Angel Wives, months later. But everything in between that is just a blur wild nights, city lights, and page sixes apparently. It’s like I would just blank out, and then, I can only recall certain days. But things are starting to come together. I’m past all of that, I’m getting myself together, and I just want to start over.”
“See, I told you,” Jack said to Jizzelle.
“I just need some money,” said Carrera.
“See, I told you,” Jizzelle said to Jack.
“What do you need money for, mom?” Jack asked. “Or better yet, why did you even leave? It just doesn’t make sense, the way you just up and left the way you did. Was it a mid-life crisis?”
“No, it wasn’t a mid-life crisis. And none of everything that happened makes sense to me, either,” Carrera said. “But...” She leaned in closely to Jack and Jizzelle and shifted her eyes to the patrons murmuring about their own matters. She looked to Jizzelle and Jack. “I think your father did something to me,” she whispered. “I think he drugged me or— or— or mind control or something. He wanted to make me look irresponsible to the shareholders and take the company all for himself. I think he’s working with the mob or some other organization.” She backed away.
“Mom, please, don’t blame dad for this, okay?” Jack said. “You made a mistake, and I understand that, and it’s okay. Now, if you truly want to move away from this lifestyle, let us check you into rehab.”
“I don’t need rehab; I’m doing completely fine as I am, now. I promise. I just need some money to get a new place to stay. I found a great place in the village, but my account’s empty, and I actually did try calling your father, but he won’t talk to me. He’s cut me off completely which is why I feel like he did this to me.”
“Mom, you did this to yourself. I’m trying to give you the benefit of the doubt, but you’re making it difficult. You look sick, you’re sounding like an addict. I can’t give you money if I can’t trust you, and some things just aren’t adding up.”
“Well... I’m not an addict anymore, but... I am sick.” Carrera brought her sight back down to her drink. “I waited until today to say something because I wanted to tell you both in person.”
“Well, what are you sick with? It’s not..., like, cancer, is it?”
Carrera sniffled and a couple of tears ran down from under her frames. She nodded.
“Oh, God, mom, no. Why didn’t you just say that?” Jack sprung from his seat to go over to Carrera’s side and let her lean on him as she began to sob. With her as close as she was, he could easily see her hair was synthetic. He looked at Jizzelle and saw her folding her arms with a roll of her eyes. The apathy alarmed him.
Carrera retrieved a handkerchief from her purse at her side, and she lifted her glasses to dab away the tears. “It’s leu— It’s leukemia. And I— I— I need some money. Just whatever you two can spare.”
“Whatever you need, mom, we got’cha,” Jack said.
“Speak for yourself. She’s not getting a penny from me,” Jizzelle said.
“Jizzelle, you can’t be serious,” Jack said.
“Baby, please. I know you’re upset with me, but my hospital bills are through the roof. I’ve spent all I have on treatments, and the cancer was finally in remission, but then it started up again. I don’t have anyone else to turn to. You two are my only hope.”
Jizzelle lunged over the table and snatched Carrera’s hat and wig from her head. Carrera gasped and rushed her hands up to her head full of thick, jaw-length hair that was slicked back. It had some strands of gray, but it all was undoubtedly of her scalp. “I’m so done with you.” She threw the wig and cap into Carrera’s face, shot up from her seat and made a dash for the exit.
“Jizzelle, wait! Let me explain.” Carrera turned to Jack, and she took a hold on his arm. “Honey, you know not all chemo results in hair loss, right? You understand, don’t you?”
Jack did understand. And it sickened him. He kept his sight down and away, but he knew every eye in the building was on their scene. He could feel their burning stares and caught hints from their murmuring. He blew out a heavy breath as he retrieved from a pocket inside his coat his mobile device. “How much do you need, mom?” He tapped the screen with his thumb and opened an application.
Carrera’s face was sparkling with elation. She came close to squealing. “Just ten. Just for some essentials. Oh, and I promise to pay you back with interest as soon as I can, sweetie.”
Jack remained silent. His focus was on executing operations on his device. It was simple to just enter a certain series of numbers and letters. They were only numbers and letters. But when the question of confirming what those characters spelled out arose, he paused. It was as if consequence had become tangible and come to rest beside him, waiting for permission to partner itself with both him and his mother. He hovered his thumb over the screen, contemplating the gamble, and finally, the hopes with which he arrived to the meeting, they presented the resolve he needed, or, rather, wanted, at least. He tapped the button, and the application flashed a message of completion. “All right, it’s in your account.” He stowed his phone away in his jacket pocket.
Carrera grabbed Jack’s face and kissed his cheek. “Thank you so much, baby. I knew you’d still care about me. And I know it’s hard to believe me when I promise that I’m fine, especially with all of... this. I just need a do-over, and this is definitely going to help. When you come back home for Christmas, you’ll see an entirely different woman.”
“We’ll see.” Jack scooted out of the booth and stood by it with his hand out. “Come on, let me walk you to your car.” Carrera scooped up her belongings, took his hand, and used his hold to help ease herself out of her seat. The patrons’ whispers and glances followed them on the walk to the exit, and, for Jack, made it feel as if the door was one hundred miles away. Carrera did not feel a thing. She had what she needed, and it was the only thing on her mind, soothing her fears like medication to a malady.
Jack and Carrera left the building and went to her car that was parked in a lot space not too far from the building. She gave him a hug, got into her car, started it, and drove off. Jack kept watch on the automobile riding to a red light as he moved on to his car where Jizzelle was waiting inside, sitting low in the passenger seat with her arms folded. Jack opened the door and plopped down into the seat.
“You gave her the money, didn’t you?” Jizzelle said.
“Yeah.” Jack pushed the ignition button on the console to start the car.
“You know she’s just gonna blow it on drugs and alcohol and probably some new outfits.”
“I really hope she won’t.” He fastened his seatbelt.
“You know you should’ve just listened to me.” She fastened her seatbelt.
“We’ll see.” He pulled out of the parking to cruise home.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Trecille had a plate in hand as she entered her dining room. The contents were puffing up wisps of steam that carried a harmony of the savory kind of smell up to her nose to work as a preamble to the delectable dinner ahead. She sat at the head of the table where, before all, there was a dish not unlike hers. Slices of glistening ham and turkey, pillowy mounds of mashed potatoes with gravy dribbling through their contours, rice and peas, macaroni and cheese, green beans, plantain and bacon dressing, and a roll topped with a sliver of butter. (Jina, Doctor, and Pepper’s main protein, however, was substituted for salmon.) The ravenous feeling was mutual and the chatter around was occupied by comments on the pleasure the meal was providing to most of the senses, taste withheld for the moment. “All right, everyone’s got a plate, now. Will you lead us in saying grace, Mrs. Connor?” Trecille asked.
“I’d love to, Trecille.” Lover bowed her head and the company followed. “Lord, thank you for this food that we are about to receive for the nourishment of our bodies, and as we partake of this bountiful meal, let us not forget the less fortunate ones all around the world. Bless them as you have blessed us, and watch over the children especially. In Jesus’s name, we pray. Amen.”
“Amen,” everyone said. They raised their heads and raised their forks and knives to begin eating.
“Oh, my goodness, this is so good,” Angie said, chewing her first bite. “You really outdid yourself this year, Tre.”
“Thank you. I owe it all to my sous chef.” Trecille gestured to Doctor. “He came over bright and early to help me get all of this ready, and he only suggested that tofurkey mess three times.” She and her sisters chuckled.
“By the way, Carmen, why don’t you tell us how you and Doctor met?” Isabella said.
Trecille’s smile weakened. “It was—” She cleared her throat and looked down at her plate as she prepared another bite to pick up. “It was serendipity.”
“Really? I guess that’s one way of looking at a car accident.”
Trecille drew out a long exhale and rolled her eyes. Then, she looked to Cristina.
Cristina shrugged and mouthed “sorry” with pleading eyes.
“So, what was it? A DUI?” Isabella asked. She put a small cut of her ham into her mouth.
The table’s prattle died down to whispers. “It was the achaques,” Trecille said. “It was a result of an unavoidable hereditary condition. In other words, an accident.”
“Of course. I’m sure it wasn’t the ‘annie-hissa-men’ like you said in that video that’s all over the Internet now. Was that an accident, too?”
Trecille dropped her utensils onto her plate and put her elbows on the table. She closed her eyes and rested her forehead on her hands clasped tightly together. “Get out my house,” she said softly.
“You don’t know how disappointed I was when my colleagues at the university brought it to my attention. Reminded me of those meetings with the principal back when you were a little girl.”
“Get the fuck out of my house.” Trecille’s teeth were clenching.
“Honestly, Doctor, I don’t know what you see in her. You truly could do better. But if you’re happy, good for you.”
Trecille pounded her fists on the table and leaped out of her seat. “Goddammit, get the fuck out of my house! Get... the fuck... out of my house!”
“Language, mija. I’d like to think I at least taught you to speak a little better than that.”
“I’ll curse whenever I damn well please. This is my house! I paid for this place with money that I got from my hard work and my dedication to the dream that I had that you constantly belittled.” Tears softened the intensity in her voice. “I worked day and night to make sure that my girls had a life better than both you and me. And I did it. And I’ll be damned if I’m gonna let you sit here, pull up to my dinner table, eat food that I paid for, and make me feel like crap one more time. So I will say it again: Fuckin’ get the fuck out of my fuckin’ house.”
Isabella finished taking a sip of wine. “So, what I’m hearing is that your motivation to succeed was solely to spite me? It’s almost like you’re saying everything you have is because of me. Maybe you should be thanking me.”
“Goddammit!” Trecille left her patience at the chair as she sprung into charge towards Isabella. Doctor and Eduardo rushed to catch Trecille and keep her from letting her swinging arms connect with the woman who was calmly taking another sip of her drink. “Let me go! Get off of me!” Trecille screamed. She had full rivers of tears streaming down her face.
“¡Calmate, Carmen, calmate!” Eduardo said.
“What are you holding her back for? Let her beat that ass,” Warrior said.
Lover faced Isabella. “What’s the matter with you? Why can’t you be proud of your daughter. Look at everything she’s achieved.”
“Even at this age, she needs to learn. Until she figures out the lesson that I’ve been trying to teach her, I have no reason to appreciate these material things she’s attained.”
“I been figured out what you were trying to ‘teach’ me,” Trecille said. She ceased her struggle to break from her father and Doctor’s restraint and wiped her nose with the back of her palm. “You wanted me to be some higher order thinker like you and papá. You didn’t want me to get aggressive when I got mad. You wanted me to be a ‘lady’ and ‘use my words’. You wanted me to be intelligent enough to shrug off the things that piss me off, and be able to look down on people you consider ignorant. I got that a long time ago. But what I was trying to teach you is that I’m not like that. I’m a fighter first, and I made sure that both of my girls know that. Not so they fear me, but so they know that in a heartbeat, I’d kill anyone who’d dare try to hurt them. They know that no matter what, I’d literally die for them. I never felt that from you! I never felt like you would protect me. That’s why I left home. It was because I felt like I was on my own anyway. You kept telling me you loved me, but I never felt it! Never!”
Isabella was still. She took her eyes away from Trecille to an absent stare down into the white of the tablecloth. No smirk.
“I understand that intelligence is important; I make sure that Tomika and Jina know that, too. And I also make sure that if they need help, I do my best to give it to them. But you... you made me feel like complete and utter shit just because I couldn’t pick up things as quickly as Angie, Crissy, and Rei. And as much as they tried to help me, it shouldn’t have just been their responsibility. Why couldn’t you just help me? Why did you have to try to ‘teach’ me that if I figured it out myself, I’d appreciate it more. I couldn’t figure some things out; that was the goddamned problem! And how the hell was calling me stupid supposed to make me feel like I could do it? I had the whole world telling me I was worthless. The last person I needed saying that to me was the only woman I could look up to. You were my mother! You were supposed to be my hero! And you failed at it, so don’t you dare come into my house and act high and mighty and classy and profound and all that bull crap because I don’t owe you a damn thing! Everything I did, I did it for my girls because I’m their mother. I didn’t learn to be self-reliant because of your lessons; I always fought for myself because the first person I had to fight was you! If you wanna think you motivated me, fine. But all that proves is that I damn sure don’t need you. ...Something I learned a long time ago.” She returned to her seat and folded her arms. Her sniffling and heated breathing were all that was audible in the room.
The guests’ insides felt laden from the gullet to the stomach, as if Trecille had given everyone a piece of all she carried for years and its mass in fragments was beyond bearable carrying. They all understood the weight of Trecille’s words. They kept them silent.
Isabella cleared her throat and rose from her chair. “Well... I’m sorry I failed you, mija,” she said softly. “I’ll show myself out.”
“Bye,” Trecille said curtly.
“I only hope that someday you will come to realize what my intentions really were.”
“Nope.”
“I do love you, Carmen, and I do wish you the best.”
“That’s nice. Buh-bye.”
“Come, Eduardo.” Isabella turned to make her exit a quick one as she dabbed the corners of her eyes to keep tears from touching her cheeks.
“Thank you for having us, Carmen,” Eduardo said.
Trecille threw to him a quick salute and put her arms back in their folded position.
Eduardo followed Isabella out of the room and to the foyer.
“Are you okay, Trecille?” Lover asked.
“I’m fine.” Trecille was rapidly bouncing one of her legs. “Ain’t nobody need her charm-school-crypt-keeper ass here, anyway.” She sniffled and wiped her nose.
“Tre, I am so, so, so sorry,” Cristina said. “You’ve gotta believe me, I honestly had no idea that it was like this between you and mama. You know that I would never have invited her had I known that there was a chance everything was gonna end up like this.”
“Whatever.”
“Whatever is right,” Felicia said. “I mean it’s not like your mother used to beat you with hangers that she left on the stove.”
“Really not the time,” Jeff said.
“No, she’s right,” Trecille said. “It could be worse, but what both of us went through as kids, no one should have to. That’s why when you have that kid, Felicia, make sure that it knows that you love it. Even when you have to discipline it... just make sure that it knows.”
Forks scraped across dishes, but no one was eating. Brief looks were traded across the table and attempts were made to take bites, but the food remained on the plates.
“Um... is it just me, or is anyone else kinda not hungry? Not that I don’t appreciate the meal, Aunt Trecille,” said Amanda.
“No, it’s fine. I’m not really in the mood for a big meal, either. Why don’t we just skip to dessert?”
“Sounds good to me,” Doctor said.
“Sounds good to me, too,” said Warrior. “I can’t wait to get my hands on your treats, Trecille.”
“Negro, didn’t I tell you to watch yourself,” Lover said.
“The hell are you even talking about? I can’t anticipate getting some dessert from my future daughter-in-law?”
“Don’t even try it. Like I don’t know what your nasty ass meant. You keep that mess up and the only treat you’re gonna get is the silent treat-ment.”
“Like I give a damn if you shut up. Shoot, it’d be nice to get some peace and quiet for once.”
“Oh, no, I’m not the one who’s gonna shut up. You’re the one who ain’t gonna be talkin’ after I punch you in the throat. Try me.”
“Damn, Lover! I swear you stay on that bitch mess. I can’t do nothin’ around you.”
Trecille could not help laughing. “I love you two.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

That invaluable incorporeal treasure shared at the Cordova home was more than present at the Quezada residence now that all of the members were there. Jizzelle was above merry as she helped Friday transport the trays and dishes holding the family’s feast from the kitchen to the dining room and while it was visible that she had put the meeting with Carrera far from her cares, Jack, however, could not shake away a certain thought brought about by what was spoken by his mother. And when Jizzelle and Friday both exited the room, he saw his opportunity to request some clearing on a matter. He made sure the ladies were out of earshot and took his father by the arm to pull him farther from the door leading to the dining room.
“Dad, let me talk to you right quick,” Jack whispered.
“What’s wrong, son?”
“Well, it’s just that me and Jizzelle, we talked to mom today. We met her at a cafe about a half hour before you got back.”
Luis’s face went straight, deadpan. “Oh, you did?”
“Yeah, and she looked kinda bad. Like, kinda sick and I don’t really know exactly what’s going on with her, but the thing is that Jizzelle’s been acting kinda weird, too. Really weird, in fact.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, and the thing is that I didn’t realize it, but both of them kinda started acting weird around the same time. Like, not long after mom left, Jizzelle started getting kinda... touchy, so to speak. And I just want to know if maybe you know what’s going on.”
“Son, why don’t you grab that cake over there and take it to the table.”
“No, dad, listen to me. Mom’s suspicious of you and if there’s some truth to what she’s thinking—”
“Son... the cake.”
Jack blinked a few times and he wrinkled his brow in a pained frown as he held his head. “Wait..., what was I talking about?”
“You were bringing the dessert to the dining room.”
“Oh, yeah, right. Right.”




Chapter Nineteen
Strike a Violent Pose


Clouds showered the city in a sixth hour sky as a man with his knees to the ground held damning red property on his hands and poured from his eyes just as much as his palms could not contain. He was caught between the timorous eyes of the neighbors in their windows and the crucifying scopes of the task force’s firearms, all watching his reign over the hollow bodies of a woman and two children. And dangling above by rope from the branches of a tree, two more empty adults. The details of their death were highlighted by the soft, orange sight of the street’s lamps, but their identities remained in the shadow of the common placidity. The man’s sobs came with shaking as he dropped his grip on a large knife and gingerly brought his hands up to signify their innocuousness. He forced a lump in his throat down to his stomach. “I didn’t kill my wife!” he cried over the furious pattering of raindrops.
Standing behind the cover of his car door, one of the officers exchanged an incredulous sneer with his partner on the passenger side. “Negro, please!” he called back. He turned to his partner and gave to him a nod. “Come on, let’s bag this nematode.” The partner nodded assuredly, and with both hands wrapped tightly around their guns’ handles, the men dashed away from their vehicle with intentions to apprehend the man sitting immobile and muttering in the middle of the street.
Another officer at her car found shock in the men’s charging. “Hey! You two be careful.”
The officer turned to run backwards. “CTFO, Fairheart, we got this shi— Oop!” He tripped and, on impact with the ground, pulled his gun’s trigger. A heavy bang prefaced the sharp whistling of a flaming projectile as it sailed straight back to the car. It bored through the front bumper and set off an earth-shaking explosion that could be heard through miles and miles of the homesteads. The roaring mass of fire swelled up high above the street and cast off chunks of blazing plastic and metal to be delivered through the front panes of select homes, and nearly every vehicle on the street contributed its honks or whooping to make a cacophonous symphony. As wide-eyed horrified as the man by the bodies, the officer turned to the partner. “Dude... dude, you don’t think the chief’s gonna be mad, do you?”
The partner sucked his teeth to scoff. “No, nut-nuggets, he’s probably gonna give us a raise.”
“Dude, sarcasm’s not gonna un-blow-up the car. Agg off, man.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The task force chief slammed his fist down on his desk. The echo punched through his office’s door and resounded through the station. “Dammit, how in the name of Mariah Carey’s overstayed lolita phase did you two chuckleheads blow up the car?! I can count on my hands and toes how many times you two have just been generally incompetent and insufferable, but this! This takes the cake!”
“Told you the chief was gonna be mad. Yeah, now I bet you feel crunchy,” said the partner.
The officer jabbed his tongue out and tartly hummed. The partner mirrored him.
“Goddammit! Get those tongues in your mouths ‘fore I cut ‘em off and send ‘em to your fat, ugly mothers!” The officers snapped their tongues back into their mouths and sat up perfectly stiff. The chief sighed deeply and dragged his hand down his face. “Now, what’s your excuse for this one? I mean why the freakin’-frick did you even load your gun with the rocket tip bullets anyway? You know those are reserved for monster attacks.”
“Ahdunnuh,” the officer mumbled with a shrug. “Mistake?”
“A mistake?” The chief chuckled. “A mistake. A mistake, he says. A... mistake. Blowing up a $19,000 car was a mistake. I don’t even know—” He laughed and blew out a whoop. “You know what, I shouldn’t even be mad, should I? It’s been— What, six months? I’ve been in charge of this budget squad for about six months? And headquarters put me in charge of budget squads in ‘06 and ‘08? Every other chief gets triple-A-rated recruits for their task forces, and what do I get? Time after time, dumbasses in a broke-ass city. I just— I just don’t even know anymore.”
“Chief, dude, why are you angry? At least we apprehended the suspect.”
“You’re supposed to apprehend the suspect. That’s your freakin’ job! Oh, no, wait, let me correct myself. Was your job. Give me your badge and your gun, and get the hell out of my office. I don’t ever wanna see your face again.”
“Well, what if I get arrested? You might see me then.”
The chief’s frown tightened and his eyes began to flutter. His arms rose and he frantically flapped around as if he were a marionette being told to entertain the men. “Wha— ju—? I... dehh. Ack!”
“Dude, I think you broke the chief.”
The partner looked concerned. “Yeah... It’s tragic like a car crash or something.” He fell into to a chortle. “But it’s pretty cool.”
“Dude, video it. I broke my phone when I tripped.”
“Get out!” The chief screamed.
“What? Both of us?”
“Yes!”
“Well, can we at least get a doughnut from the break room?”
Like magma into a volcano, a warmth rushed up from deep within the chief’s chest and settled at the back of his nose before erupting from his mouth in an operatic scream. “A-layyyyy!” He leaped out of his chair to flip the desk over and rip one of the legs off. He lifted it high above his head and swung it as strongly as he could at the men. They spilled out of their seats to dodge the assault, ripped the door open, and scrambled out of the room. The chief bellowed the note again and chased the men through the station, swinging damaging chances at them and coming within hair lengths.
Officer Fairheart and a couple more members of the staff threw themselves in between the chief and his prey. They held him back as the men tossed away their guns and badges and scampered out through the station’s front door.
“Chief, calm down! They’re gone,” Officer Fairheart said.
The chief’s fury deadened. He lowered his arms and dropped the makeshift club. “I’m sorry.” His breathing remained strained. “I’m sorry about that. I just can’t believe those two remedials made it on to the force. It’s like HR was just tossing darts at applications when they hired those two.”
“Well, they’re gone now, so let’s just get back to solving these cases,” said Officer Fairheart.
“Yeah..., yeah. How are things going with that mass murder case? The one from before today?”
“We’re having some complications, sir,” said a woman in a lab coat. “We’re trying the best we can to solve it, but the DNA results won’t be ready for, like, weeks. But I don’t understand, though, ‘cause they usually get them so quick on Maury.”
The chief’s eyes began to flutter . “Wha— ju—? I... dehh. Ack!”
“Calm down, sir. I’ll put a message out to the Pretty Killers to see if they can offer any kind of help,” said Officer Fairheart.
“No, you know what, I’m done. I’m so done, I don’t even care anymore. I’ve got bills on top of bills, a baby mother turning my own children against me, and then I’ve got to deal with this kind of crap day in and day out. I’m addicted to antacids and sleeping pills and I’m banned from six different whorehouses ‘cause they’re ‘tired of hearing about my problems.’ I can’t even wait until the contract with this city is up at the end of the year. Just freakin’ kill me ‘cause I’m just so freakin’ done with all this.”
“You got it, chief.” An officer pulled out her gun and fired a shot into the chief’s shoulder. The officers and lab technicians around her tried to duck away and cover their ears, but smoke was well away from the weapon’s barrel by the time their reactions completed.
“God fuck it down the driveway!” the chief cried. He grabbed the warm, oozing wound and fell to his knees.
“Andi! What the hell?” Officer Fairheart cried.
“What? He said to kill him.”
“Do you see what I’m talking about? Point-blank range and she still missed the kill shot. I hate managing the budget squad.”
“I’m sorry, sir. Let me try again.”
The chief winced. “Fine. But at least put it to my head.”
“Roger roger. But can you give me a minute to go get a new magazine? That was my last bullet.”
The chief closed his eyes and drew out what he wished was his last breath. The blood was just not letting quickly enough.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

New York City. Rockefeller Center. Studio 1A. Properly and proud, Trecille sat dressed in the finest of her corporate-casual designs and wore a smile that was undoubtedly wide enough to catch all of the lights hanging in the famed location. Over the course of a few months, she had come back to her home state for an assortment of events and programs, but had found a great honor in this invitation to appear on a show of which she had been a viewer for nearly two decades. In her twenties, she had often desired to take Jina to New York and be a couple in the crowd of passing spectators on the exterior side of the floor’s sizable window, casting a wave to the cameras inside, maybe even being fortunate enough to catch a street performance by a music artist. But the opportunity and convenience never met. Now, though the duties of school kept her daughters from accompanying her, Trecille could not deny the glee found in being on the priority side of the glass. Inside. For an interview, discussing her passion. Maybe inspiring a new generation of dreamers. Sure the interview was with Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb, and not Oprah like in her leading fantasies, but it was still a significant affair to her.
“Earlier this year, Trecille Cordova was just a single mother trying to support her family with her locally-known fashion label, Luh-quill— Luh-kill—” Kathie Lee laughed. “I’m sorry. How do you pronounce it again?”
“Loo-kee-yo,” Trecille said.
“Loo-kee-o kam-in-o—”
“Kuh-mee-no,” Trecille said.
“Right. You just told me that during the break. I think that drink I had is going to work a little early.” Kathie Lee fell into a wheezy cackle.
“I thought you guys only drank on Tuesdays,” Trecille said.
“Yeah, well, it’s the end of the week so screw it. Right, Hoda-woman? Right? Ehh?” Kathie Lee gently nudged Hoda with her elbow. “Screw it? Aww, she knows what I’m talking about.”
Hoda held a strained smile and tossed a lightly condemnatory glance to her co-host out of the corners of her eyes. “Yeah.” She brought her eyes back to the camera. “Trecille’s here to talk about her new line of shoes that are sure to be on every woman’s gift list. They’re called Mariposas and they’re supposed to be the most comfortable high-heeled shoes in the world... ever! She brought a pair for me and Kathie Lee and I— I— I’m just speechless.”
“I know! I don’t understand it. They literally are the most comfortable pair of shoes I’ve ever worn. I don’t want to take ‘em off; they’re like... like sex... for your feet.” Kathie Lee said.
“That’s what everyone says when they try them on,” Trecille said.
How did you do it? Like what’s different about how these are made as opposed to any other shoe?” Kathie Lee said.
“Or is it a secret?” Hoda asked.
“Well, firstly, I have to say that it was Felicia’s idea. Felicia Mercado. Her label’s under Anastacia di Stacci’s with mine, and—”
“Oh! That’s right, I didn’t get that part out. She works for the supermodel from the ‘60s: Anastacia di Stacci. She was like the first supermodel. Like the supermodel before supermodels. What’s that like ‘cause I heard she was a little... you know—”
“Eccentric,” Hoda said.
“Right,” Kathie Lee said. “I was gonna says cuckoo, but—” She chuckled.
“Ms. di Stacci is a sweetheart,” Trecille said. “I mean yes, at times she can do some things that come off a little crazy—”
“Like what? ‘Cause I heard she has a stable of men for like... you know... ‘recreation’.”
Hoda burst into a laugh. “What? Where did you hear that?”
“It was in a magazine or something.”
“No. Ms. di Stacci doesn’t just keep men hanging around,” Trecille said. “But she does have a lot of animals in the building. Like ostriches and horses and stuff. She really loves animals.”
“So, I guess it’s safe to say they don’t end up in the clothes,” said Hoda.
“Oh, no, of course not. Ms. di Stacci would never do that.”
“Does it get a little funky in her building?” Kathie Lee asked.
“Actually,” said Trecille, “you know, now that I think about it, no. It’s kinda a perfume-y smell in her building.”
“To get back on track,” Hoda said, “about the shoes: How do they work?”
“So, like I was saying, Felicia Mercado came up with the idea to invent the world’s most comfortable shoe, and she came to me to help her come up with different designs. You know, boots, open-toes, pumps and stuff, and—”
“Oh, oh, wait, wait, what was that song,” said Kathie Lee. “That Heavy D song. ‘Pumps and a Bump’. Was that Heavy D?”
“MC Hammer,” Trecille said.
“Right, yes! Thank you. I’m sorry, you just reminded me of it when you said pumps.”
“You’re probably sitting here thinking what in the world is wrong with this woman?” Hoda said. “You see what I have to deal with every day?”
“Aww, loosen up, Hoda-woman.”
“Anyway, what were you were saying, Trecille? You and Felicia collaborated and—?”
“Wait, didn’t you and Felicia used to be enemies at some point? She had stole some of your designs and turned around and sued you for infringement, didn’t she?” Kathie Lee asked. “What’s it like working with someone you used to hate? I need tips for dealing with this one here.” She gestured with her head towards Hoda.
“Right. I’m difficult to work with,” Hoda said.
“It was just an age difference thing between me and Felicia. She worked for me at one of my boutiques before we both got our big breaks, and she was just young and ambitious and immature and, you know, egos get in the way and things happen, but it’s completely in the past. She’s really grown into a great businesswoman and I wouldn’t work with anyone else. She’s like another little sister to me. I mean we do have conflicting styles. Like, she likes to ride new trends, and I like to borrow from past decades. You know, like the ‘50s and ‘60s and ‘70s, et cetera?”
“Not the ‘80s, though. That was a horrendous time for fashion,” Hoda said. “Let me tell you, those shoulder pads. My God, those shoulder pads!”
“And the hair,” Kathie Lee said.
“Every decade has its good and bad fashions. But I could probably figure out how to do something with ‘80s hooker chic or something. Oh, that reminds me! I wanna give a shout out to one of my fellow New Yorkers.” Trecille turned to the camera. “Heather Hunter, still waiting on that second album, girl.”
“Well, Trecille, we’re almost out of time, but let me just say how much of an inspiration and a testament to the American Dream you are. Yours is just an incredible story,” Hoda said.
“Thank you so much. I do it for my family ‘cause I wouldn’t be here without them.”
“Yeah, I bet,” Kathie Lee said. “You just had the whole family sewing up shirts, huh? Probably even called grandma up in Mexico for some knitting tips.” She laughed and slapped her knee.
Trecille cocked her head and made a short, scoffing chuckle. “And just what the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Hoda’s eyes shot open and the validity of her grin diluted. “Okay, um..., well, thank you for coming on our show, Trecille. We definitely appreciate the shoes and—”
“No, no, no, wait a second, Hoda. Your girl thinks she being funny thinking everybody who speaks Spanish is from Mexico. But you know what, I should’ve expected this kind of mess from her ‘cause when I came in, she shook my hand. She didn’t hug me like you did, Hoda. Not even a church hug with the booty out. What’s the matter, Kathie Lee? You hear a Spanish accent and you start having sweatshop flashbacks. You miss crackin’ that whip?”
“I knew you were going to go there. I was going to apologize because yes, I admit my joke may have been a bit out of line, but you just had to go there.”
“Okay, ladies, break it up,” said Hoda. She turned to the crew and made a slashing motion across her throat. “Jim. Commercial. Hurry.” The lights on the cameras turned off, and Hoda slipped out of her seat to dart away from the set.
Kathie Lee and Trecille were next up out of their chairs. Kathie Lee snapped up the glass that had been sitting by her and threw its contents to the back of her mouth. “I need another drink. Where’s my wine guy?!” she called out. “Someone come top this off before we come back.”
The crew members walked in step with Trecille’s quick clip away from the woman to remove the little microphone affixed to her shirt. “Jealous ass lush,” she said.
“Speak up, honey. I couldn’t hear you over the sound of me having my own show.” 
Trecille whipped around. “Yeah, you might wanna get off of that high horse before you twist an ankle, cowgirl. Old, jealous-ass, racist-ass bitch.”
“I am none of those things. And I’m especially not jealous of some reformed thug who got lucky with designs that aren’t even fit to be made into bus seats. Please.”
“That’s right, honey, stay bitter. That’s probably from all those gin and tonics you be knockin’ back. Just admit you mad that I’m doing what you wanted to do and I’m doing it way better than you could even think of doing.”
“Yeah, well at least I don’t get doped up on over-the-counter medication and flash my lady business at restaurants.”
“I bet my lady business look better than whatever sliced prune you got going on down there.”
“You know what, why don’t I give you a little advice. Woman to woman.” Kathie Lee ripped away from the crew member refilling her glass and caused him to spill a couple of drops on the floor.
Trecille made a scornful snort. “What? What the hell could you possibly wanna school me on?”
“Color theory.” Kathie Lee pitched every drop of wine from her glass into Trecille’s face, drawing from everyone a gasp. “Burgundy goes amazingly well with envious green.”
Trecille stood with her mouth open, shocked from the droplets running down her face to join the great amorphous stain on her blouse.
“You come into my house, you show some respect. Got it?” Kathie Lee turned and hurried a walk away from the woman. “Security! Escort this girl out of my studio please.”
“Oh, hell no,” Trecille said to herself. The shock on her face slowly twisted down into wrath.
“Uh... oh...,” Hoda sung.
Security guards had closed in on Trecille, but she gave both of them a jab to the side of the stomach and sent them into a curl down to the floor. She shot of her stand to catch Kathie Lee and wrapped her arm around the neck from behind. Then, she threw her to the ground. “Bitch, New York was my home first.”
Kathie Lee put all of her strength into swinging her leg into one of Trecille’s to part her from her balance and bring her down to joining her on the floor. She easily succeeded and, as soon as the woman met the ground, she reached over to snatch up a great bulk of her hair, yanking a scream out of Trecille. Kathie Lee kept a tight grip on her as she pushed herself up to kneeling. She put one knee into Trecille’s back and wrapped the hair up around her fist. She shoved Trecille’s face into the cold concrete of the floor and put hers beside Trecille’s to make sure the weight of her waiting words were delivered errorless. “Look here, new money, I am not the one to screw around with, okay? Don’t let this flawless face and angelic voice fool you; I’ve been trained in seven forms of martial arts. Two of which are illegal to know in the States. Do you know I could kill you with one touch to the neck right now if I wanted to?”
Trecille jerked her head back and rushed her skull into Kathie Lee’s. The surge of stinging through Kathie Lee’s eyes and ears shocked her away from her dominion on Trecille and onto her back. Trecille rolled over and climbed on top of Kathie Lee to pin her into a posture of crucifixion with her knees holding the arms out. “Shoulda killed me today and talked shit tomorrow, bitch.” She let loose a series of smacks to the woman’s face.
“Hoda!” Kathie Lee yelped. “Hoda, help! Do something!”
Hoda’s eyes were stuck on her phone. “I’ve been trying to call the police, but—” She held the device up. Then, she pointed it in another direction. “It’s the strangest thing; I just can’t seem to get a signal.” The crew members held their phones up and pointed them to different corners of the room. The consensus was the same: no signal. The sincerity in their concern was noticeably thin.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

While chatting among themselves, Tomika, Morgan, and Allie strolled into Cruz Comic Shop & Mini-mart. Allie slapped a casual high five with the store manager Annie at the checkout counter and went on to the employee lounge to change out of her school uniform while Tomika and Morgan went past the shelves of comic books, clothing, and collectibles to get to the snacks section where they laded their arms with bags of chips, packages of candy, and bottles of soda.
“Whoa there, ladies. What’s with the haul? Gaming session or a study session?” Annie asked.
“More or less studying. Kinda a project really,” Tomika said. 
“Gotcha. One of those scientific things with the tri-fold posterboard?”
“Dude, don’t even joke about that,” Morgan said. “Seriously, you know that thing’s the bane of every middle school student’s career. Those science projects have been known to break up families.” She and Tomika brought their harvest to the front counter and spilled everything out before Annie for her to ring up.
“I remember the horror all too well,” Annie said as she scanned the products. “My project was about the water cycle, and I was trying to make a cloud in a bottle to demonstrate condensation. Nearly burned down the classroom.”
Fraught with dubiety, Tomika chuckled. “What? How’d you get fire from a project about water?”
“Babe, to this day, I still don’t know what happened. Just a blur of a train wreck. Plus, I just blocked out those middle school days period. 1998 me was just doing too much.”
“Ugh, tell me about it. I’ve been out of middle school for two years and I already hate who I was then,” Tomika said. “That was my R&B phase. I still regret paying good money for that Monica After the Storm album.”
“Dude, whatever. I was cool in junior high,” said Morgan. “There was this one time when I did a parody of that Lee Greenwood song ‘God Bless the USA’ and I changed the lyrics to ‘And I’m proud to be an American where only white males are free. And I won’t forget the men who died ‘cause the teachers won’t let me. And I’ll probably stand up next to you when there aren’t any more seats left. ‘Cause there ain’t no doubt I love this land. Though it’s not Canadian.’”
Tomika stared silently at Morgan. Then, she brought her arms up and walked into a hug with the girl. She laid her head on her shoulder. “Morgan, I have a new-found respect for you. That was genius.” She let Morgan go.
“Yeah, well the school didn’t seem to think it was very funny. I got suspended for two days, and dude, I had never seen my dad so freakin’ pissed. But the only reason I even only got two days was my mom argued with the principal that I was just exercising free speech, and she said that I had a right as a follower of Islam to protest how the country—and the school, when we discussed current events—had been depicting Muslims.”
“Wait a minute, wait a minute. Your mother—the Christian side of you—came to your defense with the argument that your Muslim side was grossly misrepresented? That’s kinda ironic,” Tomika said.
“Yeah, well, she’s my mom. Someone’s gotta be in my corner.”
“I’d kill to have a mother like yours. Party girl by night, city leader by day? Seriously, only in Queen City,” Annie said. “$21.49’s your total.”
Allie emerged from the employee lounge. She was still wearing her uniform skirt, but she had changed her top to a plaid, button-up shirt with her nametag fastened to the left side of her chest.
Tomika handed a couple of bills over to Annie. “Allie, what were you like back in middle school? We were just talking about those ‘oh-goddess-no-why?’ moments.”
“Three words, ladies: Avril Lavigne fan-art.”
Tomika, Morgan, and Annie cringed.
“Yeah. Nothing gives me a sneak-up shudder more than when it just pops into my head how freakin’ legit I thought my anime skills were.”
“Oh, dude, no, you were one of those fans, Allie?” Tomika said.
“Weren’t we all, Tomika? ...Weren’t we all?”
Tomika chuckled and took her change from Annie. Morgan picked up the bags of refreshments.
“Good luck with your project, ladies. But before you go, did Allie tell you about the tournament tomorrow? Maybe you can steal a couple of hours away from homework to stop by.”
“Yeah, she told us, but I don’t think I’m gonna be able to make it,” Tomika said.
“Same for me. Busy, busy,” Morgan said.
“Eh, that’s cool. Always next month,” Annie said with a shrug. “Later, ladies. Come back soon.”
Tomika and Morgan returned parting salutations to Annie and gave to Allie one to which she responded with a relaxed salute.
“So, you were really one of those ‘kawaii goths’, Al?” said Annie. “Did you do Naruto AMVs with Linkin Park songs and that whole schtick, too?”
“No comment. And by ‘no comment’, I mean no comments on my YouTube uploads.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Kelly Farrow’s house. 3:47 PM.
Jizzelle sat in the armchair, splitting her attention between text messages on her mobile device and floating photos from the morning’s crime scene. They were levitating in the center of the room by the hand of Kelly who was half-hovering-half-sitting next to Britney on the couch. While something of a bewildered glower cut across Britney’s stare to signal she was attempting to throw all her faculties into figuring up some conclusion out of the pictures given from the task force to them (as their alter-egos), Kerou, too, was dividing her focus between the murder’s questions and another priority: a stack of books that she had procured from the second floor’s library. Beside her on the floor was her laptop, open and shining.
“Ladies, we come bearing the gift of food!” said Tomika as she and Morgan entered through the home’s back door.
“Ughhh, finally. Took you long enough,” said Jizzelle.
“Nice to see you, too, Miss Quezada,” Tomika said flatly.
Morgan reached into the bag and handed over a couple of the snacks and a bottle to Jizzelle. “Two honey buns and a sparkling water for you.” She turned to Britney. “Cheese puffs and a coke for you.” She turned to Kelly. “And a bag of cotton candy for you.”
Tomika reached into the bag she was toting and handed to Kerou a package of fruit candy and a bottle of strawberry soda. “And a trip to the dentist for you.”
“Very funny,” Kerou said. She closed her book and took the snacks.
Tomika went over to the chair and sat on the arm. She pulled out from the bag a package of chips and opened them. “All right, Ghostwriter team, how are we doing on this case so far?”
Kerou picked up her laptop and sat it on her knees. “I took remote access of the suspect’s computer and checked his Internet history, and—much like nearly any person’s—it’s clean. Nothing weird in any folders either. So, I checked the e-mails and there’s nothing suspicious either. Just a few conformation messages for purchases and other stuff.”
“What did he buy?” Tomika asked.
“Sewing machine, headphones, an XBOX, some shirts, digital camera. Sounds like he was buying Christmas presents for the family.”
“Well, why would he go through all the trouble of buying gifts for the family if he was just gonna murder them?” Kelly said.
“Yeah, it doesn’t make sense. I think his innocence plea might be the truth,” Kerou said. 
“Maybe it wasn’t premeditated,” Britney said. “Maybe everything was fine, and then, all of a sudden, he found out the wife was cheating or some issue with the kids or maybe he was just fed up with his life American Beauty-style. I mean look at the pictures. That kind of carnage could be easily identified as a crime of passion. Like he snapped and went off on the family and the two neighbors.”
“Holy crap, B., you sound like a legit detective,” said Morgan. “Is that from watching CSI?”
“COPS. They filmed a few episodes near the plantation in Tennessee.”
“What’s the ‘other stuff’ in his e-mails?” Tomika asked.
“Um... bill statements, Yahoo! alerts, iTunes receipts, a couple newsletters, and an automated birthday message from Coldplay. Nothing strange.”
“Like, all of that sounds pretty strange to me,” Kelly said.
“But nothing murderous,” Morgan said. She shoved a handful of chips into her mouth.
“Did we get an autopsy report with this stuff from the task force?” Tomika asked.
“No, but I’m with Britney,” Jizzelle said. “I think the suspect did it, and it just wasn’t premeditated. Either that or he bought the presents just to throw us off the trail. Just to make everything look normal, you know?” She took a sip of water.
“Maybe we need to go kick some doors in and ask questions,” Morgan said, mouth full.
“The task force already did,” Kerou said. “All the neighbors say he was a stand-up guy. Quiet, always said hello, put the recycling out every week. And they called his job and they say he was a great guy too. Also, I ran a cross reference for his name and any psychiatrist records, prescriptions, and things of that nature. All I came up with was stuff like albuterol, for stuff like asthma. And amoxicillin which takes care of stuff like strep throat. And both of those are from a few years ago.”
“Okay, so everyone says he’s a good guy with no overt mental problems. That doesn’t rule out him snapping, but let’s look at this from the set-up angle,” Tomika said. “What if murder wasn’t just to merely set-up the father, but to get rid of the wife or one of the kids? Like consider if someone else in the family had enemies and they did the murder and pinned it on the father so they wouldn’t go down for it.”
“But that doesn’t explain why they would kill the wife, the kids, and the neighbors,” Kelly said.
“And in Officer Fairheart’s report, it says that the neighbors’ mouths were taped up. It appears as if they sustained their fatal chest wounds in their beds and then they were dragged out to the tree where they were strung up,” Jizzelle said. “It doesn’t look like they stumbled onto a murder scene and then he had to off them to keep them quiet. It looks like he went after them.”
“But did anyone say they saw him do anything?” Morgan said.
“No, but that doesn’t mean they actually didn’t see him do it. Maybe the whole street is on some hinky stuff and they’re protecting him,” Jizzelle said.
“Okay, let’s look at our options again,” Tomika said. “A: He did it, not premeditated, and the street’s covering it up for some reason. B: He didn’t do it, and he’s being set-up because someone wanted to rub out another member of the family. And the whole thing just got out of hand.”
“I don’t know, Tomika. Option B sounds a bit more clunky than option A,” said Britney. “When you’ve got a group of women like the Angel Wives in the city, a whole street conspiring to cover up a murder doesn’t sound so strange.”
“She’s got a point,” said Morgan.
“But the Angel Wives don’t do death. They ruin your life some other way if you don’t pay up,” Tomika said.
“There’s a first time for everything,” Kelly said.
“What do you think, Kerou?” Tomika asked.
“Well, I did a remote access on the computer again to check the kids’ accounts on social networks to see if they had any enemies and I don’t see any stand out issues in the past three months. And the wife isn’t on anything. No Facebook, no MySpace, no nothing.”
“Is that even possible?” Jizzelle said.
“Maybe she has a page under a different name and she was using it communicate with a lover. The husband found out and he snapped on the whole family and the neighbors,” Britney said.
“Sounds like a good lead to me,” Kelly said. She telepathically ripped off a piece of cotton candy and ate it.
“That does sound plausible. Any way you can go with that, Kerou?” Tomika asked.
“I don’t see any IP activity from them to the Facebook servers.”
“Okay, fine, so maybe she was doing it the old fashioned way: with a phone or even letters,” Jizzelle said.
“What if she was havin’ an affair with the neighbor? I mean she wouldn’t need to use a phone or Facebook to communicate with him if he’s right next door,” Britney said.
“Dude, that makes sense. That explains why he would kill her and the neighbor. Maybe the neighbor’s spouse and the kids were just collateral damage from his anger,” Morgan said.
“Now, that definitely sounds plausible to me,” Jizzelle said.
“I agree,” Kerou said.
“We do have an example of how love can make you do some pretty vicious things,” Kelly said. She presented her fleshless arms.
“So, you guys think good-guy-suspect went into a violent fit of rage and offed his two kids, his wife, and two neighbors because the wife was cheating with the neighbor?” Tomika squinted and twisted her lips up as she stared off into a distant corner to mull over the validity of the scenario. “Ehhh... yeah, I guess that does sound like par for a Queen City crime. But if this guy lawyered up—and I’m sure he did—his attorney is just gonna use his good character as an argument.”
“But the report says his prints were on the axe!” Jizzelle said.
“Is it his axe?” Tomika asked.
“Yeah. Probably.”
“Circumstantial. Of course his prints are gonna be on his axe. The killer could’ve used gloves.”
“And we all know how murders involving gloves turn out,” Kelly said.
“Also, we need proof that the wife was cheating. Plus, you said that the report says that all the neighbors say he was a good guy, and that nobody saw anything,” Tomika said.
“It just says they saw him with the axe and blood in his hands, crying over the dead bodies,” Jizzelle said.
“See? How do we know he didn’t wrestle the axe away from some gloved murder?”
“Because they talked to the guy and all he’s saying is he didn’t do it. He didn’t say he saw somebody else do it; he’s just saying it wasn’t him.”
“That sounds kinda suspicious,” said Britney.
Jizzelle groaned and threw her hands up. “Oh, my God, why are we even trying to figure this out anyway? I mean I thought the agreement was that we handle the monsters and the occasional evil mastermind—parenthesis, if they pose a big enough threat to everyone’s safety, close parentheses, and the task force is supposed to handle murders, break-ins, and that type of police work. Because, according to the Counceébelle, when we do police work, we kill too many people. Like, I get that they would call on the ones with the superhuman abilities to help catch a mass murderer, but they already apprehended him. What are we even doing here?”
“Officer Fairheart contacted us because the task force is way behind in cases. They just lost two members, the chief is going through stuff, and now they’ve got a lawsuit. Plus, they’ve got to stay on duty and patrol two cities. That’s a lot of work,” Kerou said.
“So, that’s our fault? We have to pick up their slack?”
“Yes, we have to pick up their slack,” Tomika said. “We agreed that this team would protect the city. Now, whether that’s stopping a giant monster or making sure the correct person goes to jail, it’s our job. I get that you’re frustrated. I am too. But for the sake of the innocent citizens who have to deal with the result of whatever crap happened between the former police force and the former Northern State mayor, we’re gonna figure this out. Morgan, didn’t you say that your mom is working on something to put in a better police force anyway?”
“Yeah, she and Northern State’s city council president are working out some kind of deal to fix up the debt so they can pay all the public safety people properly.”
“See, Jizzelle? It won’t always be like this,” Tomika said. “So, let’s just handle this case. There’s either something in the evidence that we’re missing or some piece of evidence that we need to find. Now, let’s figure out which one those it is and we’ll go from there, okay?”
Jizzelle rolled her eyes. “Fine. Whatever.”
“All right. Now, let’s think.”
And think, they did. But five minutes passed and the evidence looked just as foreign as ever.
Two times the last duration passed and nothing came of the time but a bag of empty snack packages and beverages bottles.
Another sixteenth of an hour passed. Still their minds waded through the probable outcomes.
1,025 seconds from that. Nothing. 0.1667 of an hour passed. Nothing.
Silently, they sat, repeatedly running over every detail of the report and the photographs until all of a one-hundred-sixty-fourth of a seven day week passed and only furrowed brows were able to be shown of the deep ruminating.
“All right, screw this, we’ve been Shelby Woo-ing for an hour and I got nothing. We’re going with the affair angle,” said Tomika. The girls murmured their concurrence as they rose from their seats to stretch out their muscles made tense from the sitting.
Kelly hovered to the center of the room. “Well, peace out, girl scouts. Like, I’m glad you stopped by to let me noodle with you. And Kerou, I’m , like, super-glad you brought me that little TV last week. Like, being dead sucks so totally less when you’ve got TV.”
“No problem. And I guess you wouldn’t mind if I take some of these books home, do you?”
“Help yourself, kiddo. I’ve read those things so much that I, like, totally know them cover to cover by heart. And what’s ironic is that I didn’t even read much when I was alive ‘cause betties like me wouldn’t be caught dead doing nerd stuff like that.”
“Double irony ‘cause we actually did catch you dead doing this ‘nerd stuff’,” said Kerou.
“Like, oh, my God, you’re right! And what’s triple ironic is that I didn’t even find out what irony was until after I died. And what’s quadruple ironic is that I actually kinda like reading. Like, is that mental or what?”
Morgan jerked her head and blinked a few times to shake out her puzzlement. “Dude, wait, slow down. I’m still confused from when Tomika and Allie were talking about Bieber fans outside the bakery.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“¡Hijo de puta!” Trecille screamed.
Trecille’s cry resounded from the family room to the hall connecting the garage to the kitchen, smacking Tomika in the ears just as she entered her home. “Oh, that’s always good to hear as soon as you get in,” she said to herself, hanging her jacket by the door. She left her shoes there and went to the kitchen where she found Willow curled up and resting by a counter. “Hey there, sweetie,” Tomika said as she knelt to pet Willow. “You’ve had to put up with this mess all—?” Willow rose and walked away. Tomika sneered. “Oh, well, screw you, too, then. Jerk.” She went on to the den and found Jina sitting on the couch, Doctor on the loveseat, and Trecille standing with a cigarette in one hand and the television’s remote control in the other. “How was your trip, mom?” Tomika asked flatly, obviously aware that something had left her perturbed.
“Feh!” Trecille said with a wave of the hand.
“Mamí and Kathie Lee got into a fight and someone leaked the footage to the Internet,” Jina said.
Tomika flopped down next to Jina onto the couch. “Well, at least this didn’t lead to a wardrobe malfunction like the last time, I’m assuming?”
“Think again, Tomika,” said Doctor. “Apparently, there was some furious clawing, and then whoomp, there they were. Pink and brown.”
“And once again, I’m a laughingstock. Whatever that actually means,” Trecille said. She sucked on her cigarette and blew out some smoke. 
“But mamí, like I said: This is just something that comes with being famous. What’s a little celebrity status without some scandal? This is the kind of stuff that gets you a reality show.”
“But I don’t want celebrity status. Well, I mean I do, but not for being the angry Latina. But I know I definitely don’t want a reality show. People are too all up in my business as it is. I just want my fashion to make me famous and be able to go get a slice of pizza without cameras up in my face.”
“Well, to be honest, Tre, this is kinda your fault,” Doctor said.
“What?! I thought you were on my side.”
“I am. But just because someone makes you angry, that doesn’t mean you have to hit them. Especially not as much as you did to Kathie Lee.” He gestured to the television.
Tomika cringed at the photographs of the brawl’s aftermath: A bleeding nose, lacerated lips and a bruised cheek on the host.
“You know what’s ironic, though?” Jina said. “They’ve got no problem showing those pictures, but when it comes to the wardrobe malfunction, that’s when they blur stuff out. It’s like why is it okay to show so much blood and stuff on TV but when it comes to a nipple, that’s too vulgar to show?”
“I hear where you’re coming from, Jina, but do you seriously wanna see mom’s or Kathie Lee’s nipples all over the television?” Tomika said.
“Yeah, I guess you have a point. But still, it just doesn’t make any sense.”
“Welcome to the United States, light-skin, where everything’s screwed up and logic doesn’t matter.”
“Not to insinuate I’m not on your side, again,” Doctor said, “but I told you this is what happens when you eat all that meat without flushing it out with an adequate serving of vegetables. Honey, you need to clean your colon.”
“My colon is fine, thank you. My bifidas and all that Jamie Lee Curtis yogurt crap is not the issue. The problem here is that every time something like this happens, my credibility goes down. Thank God Ms. di Stacci is being so cool through this and put her legal team on the case, but still. What if people stop buying my clothes because I beat up their favorite network television darling? That’s food out of my girls’ mouths because I’ve got a anger management problem.”
“Maybe you should try channeling your frustrations into an activity,” Tomika said.
“Good idea. Doc, let’s go upstairs and screw.”
“Ewwwwww!” Tomika and Jina screamed.
“Tre, you know I love you, but I don’t think my body is equipped for the strength of angry sex with you. Cool off a bit, and then maybe later.”
Trecille folded her arms and fell onto the loveseat. She stuck the cigarette into her scowl and sunk down into the cushions. “I hate you, Kathie Lee Gifford,” she mumbled, holding the stick between her lips. She flung the remote at the television and, on impact with the screen, it changed the channel.
The program on the television delivered a smile to Doctor. “Ooh! I forgot Glenn Beck was on.”
Tomika and Jina sneered.
The program went to a commercial and stole Doctor’s glee. “Awww. Why does it seem like every time you turn to a show, that’s exactly when they go to a commercial. I swear it never fails.”
“It’s the event everyone’s raving about:,” said an announcer on the television, “Glenn Beck’s Common Sense Comedy Tour. Back by popular demand for a second leg. Coming to these cities.” The screen displayed a list of cities.
Doctor gasped. “Holy crap, he’s coming to Queen City! I need tickets. Where’s my credit card?”
Tomika and Jina sneered.
“It said he’s gonna be here tomorrow, Doc. Don’t you have to work?” Trecille mumbled.
“Dammit! You’re right.” Doctor sucked his teeth, fixed his mouth up in a frown and folded his arms while sinking down into the cushions. He was close to a copy of Trecille’s dejection.
“My goodness, he just went from happy to sad twice in, like, two seconds,” Jina said.
“Yeah, that’s what happens when you watch Fox News,” Tomika said.
“Oh, ha ha ha. So freakin’ clever,” Doctor said. “What are you gonna do next? Pull out a ‘Nickelback sucks’ and ‘Sarah Jessica Parker looks like a horse’ joke? Get out of here with that antiquated crap.”
“Most conservatives’ views are antiquated crap,” Tomika said.
Jina directed a snide whoop over to Doctor. “Hold on, let me call The Trammps ‘cause that was a burn, baby, burn.” She slapped five with Tomika.
“Yeah, you kinda walked into that one, dear,” said Trecille.
Doctor’s frown tightened. “Stupid bandwagon jokes.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The morning clouds of the next day decided to let the sun shine brightly and the Quezada family was one of many who were happily letting the glow into their home. Barefoot in sleepwear and her hair pulled back into a ponytail, Jizzelle yawned and stretched as she entered the kitchen. “Morning, daddy. Morning, Friday.”
“Morning: Saturday,” Friday said, cooking at the stove. She laughed.
Jizzelle snickered and retrieved a mug from the cupboard to pour a helping of coffee. While heading over to the table where her father was seated, she took a sip, but when her eyes took in the text on his laptop’s screen, her eyes shot open. Her surprise sent the beverage on the wrong road down into her throat. She covered her mouth to suppress her coughing.
“You okay, sugar humps?” he said.
Jizzelle cleared her throat. “Yeah, I just saw the news articles there and it was just a little disconcerting, I guess.”
“Yeah, apparently we’ve got some copycat killers already. Three people killing five people each in the last twenty-four hours.” He shook his head full of disdain. “I tell ya, sweetie, if this kind of thing keeps up, we might have to move.”
Jizzelle’s eyes remained stuck on the details of the news. “I, uh... I’ll be right back.” She put her cup on the table and darted out of the kitchen.
“Hurry back!” Friday called. “Breakfast is almost ready.”
But food was far from the front Jizzelle’s concerns. Well, actually, maybe not far from the front, but it certainly was not top priority at the moment. Maybe somewhere around third or fourth since the savory aroma of sausage had already wafted up into her nose and she was somewhat hungry. She did just wake up and all, but whatever. She ran into her bedroom, shoved the door closed behind her, and snatched up her mobile phone to call Tomika. It rang once. It rang twice. She went into her walk-in closet to search through the blouses section. A third ring. She began to grow anxious.
The call was not going unnoticed. With the side of her face buried deep in her pillow, Tomika flung her arm over to her her nightstand and grabbed her phone. She brought it closer to her blurry eyes and saw on the screen that it was Jizzelle. She accepted the call. “What?” she mumbled.
“Tomika, have you seen the news yet?”
“Nur.”
“Nur? Well, why not?”
“’Cause my eyes were closed. I was still sleep.”
“Sweetheart, it’s 8:24 in the morning. We’ve been over this. How do you expect to be a productive member of society if you don’t wake up bright and early like a good lady should? Even on the weekends.” She finished buttoning up the blouse she chose to don. 
“Jizzelle, you’re my friend, right?”
“I would say so. Yes.”
“Then you can complete this sentence: ‘I haven’t gotten up early on a Saturday since...’”
Jizzelle sighed and rolled her eyes as she stepped into a pair of jeans, her phone tucked between her cheek and shoulder. “Since the local ABC affiliate started showing Power Rangers at noon.”
“Good girl. Now, what was on the news? Do we need to go do some Killer business?”
“I think so. Since last night, there’s been three more mass murders that were done in similar manners from the case we tried to solve. I don’t think it’s a coincidence. I think we need to reconvene at the Farrow house and see if we can figure this out before more people die.” She slipped her feet into a pair of boots.
“All right, but fair warning: I’m not putting a bra on.”
“Oh, for goodness sake, Tomika. Stop acting so new money. Ugh, I swear I need to upgrade you. You're rich, hon. Start acting like it.”
“Love ya, too, bitch.” She blew a smooch into the phone and ended the call. She pushed herself up off of the mattress and hung over her pillows to stretch her arms. “Too damn early in the morning for this mess,” she said to herself.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Kelly Farrow’s house. 9:32-damn-early-in-the-morning-for-this-mess AM. With Kelly floating above, Britney and Morgan sat on the couch and snacked on toaster pastries. And while Kerou lined her sleepy stomach with a cup of coffeehouse chain coffee, Tomika opted for no sustenance more than the plush comfort of her armchair whose power was performing splendidly and bringing a heaviness back to her eyelids.
“Tomika!” Jizzelle shrieked.
Tomika’s eyes ripped open. “What? Calm down, I heard you.”
“This is important, leader. Can you at least try to stay alert?”
“I’m not a morning person. Sorry. But frankly, I think the fact that your being so amped about this thing when just yesterday you were super-whatevs to the case, and I had to rally all us together to examine every angle of the first murder is kinda ironic.”
“Dude, seriously, no more of that irony stuff. That makes my head hurt,” Morgan said.
“Okay, first, I was not ‘super-whatevs’ to the case. I contributed my share of critical thinking. Yes, I may have lost my temper a bit and I apologize for that. I had a very trying day yesterday. Senior stuff, you know? But the point is that—like you said—it’s our duty to keep the city safe, and if I’ve got a good theory about something that can keep innocent lives from being taken, I’d expect you to pay attention.”
Tomika leaned forward. “You have my undivided attention. Go.”
“Thank you. Now, as I was saying, I really think these murders are the result of some sort of thought manipulation. It’s like as soon as I saw the article, that possibility just popped to the front of my mind like I remember someone talking about it but it was a faint memory or something. Then, the night we met Kelly came to my mind, and I was like ‘that’s it! That must be what I was trying to remember.’”
“Like, holy my God, that’s right!” Kelly said. “Crazy what’s-his-face brainwashed you that night. And if some skeeve-max like him had that technology, then maybe someone else out there has it.”
“And rather than forcing people to do kinky-kinks, they must be forcing people to commit these murders,” Kerou said.
“But there’s no devices in any of the pictures. Well, at least none visible,” Britney said.
“There’s a chance that they did it the classic way” Morgan said. “Like a hypnotist or something.”
“Exactly,” said Jizzelle. “But whatever the technique, this isn’t about solving murders anymore. This is about preventing them. We’ve got to figure out who’s controlling these people and put a stop to it.”
“Do you remember where that guy got the schematics to build that brainwash collar, Kelly?” Tomika said. “Or the money for that matter?”
“No, sorry. I stayed upstairs when he did that stuff. But that doesn’t mean there might not be some stuff in that mess he left in the basement.”
“All right, so Jizzelle and I are gonna search the basement. Britney and Morgan: I want you two to Killer up and go visit Officer Fairheart to see if they’ve got reports from the murders yet. Kerou: Take the names from the article and do your Google... hacking... thing-stuffs.”
“And I’ll help take notes.” Kelly drifted to the center of the room, and, with her finger, traced out a large, glowing, rectangle. The inside of the shape solidified into a translucent pane. Then, she materialized a pen-like stick and tapped it on the board. “Ecto-plastic. Totally cool, right?”
“Dude, that is frakkin’ awesome,” Morgan said.
“All right, girls, let’s get back to work,” Tomika said.
And work they did. Tomika and Jizzelle gave the basement a thorough searching from corner to corner and Kerou used non-encrypted data packets... to ping the IP addresses of the assailants computers? And determine whether or not it would be possible to access any accounts for an extensive cross-reference or something? And Honeybee and Minnie zipped from building roof to building roof to traverse the city as quickly as they could down to the task force headquarters. They acquired copies of the reports that detailed the scenes of the recent murders and returned to Kelly’s home.
While Tomika and Jizzelle’s scouring brought about nothing more than a mass of dead vermin nestled in stale cereal, the results of Kerou’s ping tests directed her to focus on two of the three assailants, as the third was unresponsive. She remotely accessed the computers and waded through folders of pornography, word processing files, music and movie files, messages exchanged on various social networks, and e-mails. Anything to find a unified event between the new assailants. Morgan and Britney did the same with the reports and found that, this time, there were witnesses who all described the same detail: The murderers screamed “KGB” at a point during their killings. Kelly noted the point on the ecto-plastic board.
The girls’ searches carried on for a few more hours, but there was no other over-arching information. Tomika came up from the basement and Jizzelle followed with disgust locked in a frown.
“No soap, dudes?” said Morgan.
“Ughhh, you can say that again,” Jizzelle said. “Just mold and grime and—” She shivered. “Rats. The ones that weren’t dead, I could hear what they were saying.”
“Did you guys hear me laughing down there?” said Tomika. “Oh, my goddess, Jizzelle’s face was so frakkin’ hilarious when she saw that first one. It was like half-the-mask-from-Scream-half-dude-orgasm-face.” She laughed. “She gasped like ‘huwuh-uh-guh’, grabbed her collar, and went like this—” Tomika paused her chortling to mix her face up into a horrified scowl for a few silent seconds. Then, she dropped back into her laughter. “I swear it was the most over-the-top, B-movie, drama face I had ever seen.” Her mobile device chimed in her pocket.
“I swear nothing good ever comes of you and I being in that basement,” Jizzelle said. She stormed off to the chair to sit.
Tomika’s chuckles eased back as she checked her phone. It was Allie so she accepted the call. “What’s up, Allie? How’s the comp going?” The longer Tomika stood and let the warbles of the device’s speaker enter her ear, the more her smile wilted to dying. The girls took notice and waited with cinched-up hearts. “Well, are you and Annie okay? ...That’s good. ...We’ll be there as soon as possible.” Tomika ended the call and turned to the girls. “Trouble at the mall. You all keep searching the reports and the account stuff. Jizzelle, you’re coming with me.”
Jizzelle gave a nod and stood. She brought her glowing wrist up. “Killer charm, go!”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Mimi and Kayzi raced into the city and stopped their building hopping atop an office overlooking the carnage left in the eastern roads of Mercury Mall. From there, they could see vehicles overturned on the pavement, burning from their undercarriage; storefronts demolished by car collisions; and the small trees that lined the walkways, blackened. Security guards were struggling to quell the people’s panic.
An explosion cut through the symphony of sirens and crying to turn the girls’ attention to a gang of people running the streets, using power washers to coat everything in their path in lamp oil before igniting them with books of matches. Some were making Molotov cocktails out of lamp oil bottles and lobbing them around aimlessly. Others wielded, axes, battery-operated hedge trimmers and multi-spiked garden cultivators against innocent citizens as if they were militant invaders.
Mimi pulled her sword out and converted it to rifle mode. “Thank god it’s Friday ‘cause I’m ‘bout to make some teen angels.” Mimi began to leap from the ledge, but Kayzi grabbed the back of her jacket to pull her back.
“Hold on, there, Annie Oakley. First off, that way esoteric one-liner would’ve worked better yesterday. And secondly, we’re not gonna kill those people. We’re just gonna break some bones and walk away. Break some bones... and walk away.”
Mimi sucked her teeth and converted the rifle back into a sword to put it back in its holster. “Fine,” she said, rolling her eyes. She and Kayzi jumped down to the street and ran into the fray.
A man held his cultivator high above the cowering head of an elderly man, but a vine wrapped around its pole and yanked it from his hands. He turned around to try to find out who had just stolen his weapon, but he only met the bottom of Kayzi’s shoe with his face. He was lifted off of his feet and smacked his back into the side of a car by the curb. He winced and slumped down to sit on the street. Kayzi took him by the wrist and dragged him out to lie on his stomach. She took a hold on his other wrist and yanked them backwards, drawing from the boy a series of shrieks as both his arms popped out of the shoulder sockets. She let his limbs fall limp beside his writhing body and ran back over to the elderly man. She took him by the hand and pulled him up to his feet. “Come on, sir, let’s get you to safety,” she said. A lit lamp oil bottle came sailing their way but she put her arm out and doused it in a heavy stream of water. The water and the bottle rushed back to the pitcher and shoved them into an alley.
Meanwhile, Mimi was in a meeting with three girls swinging hedge trimmers. One made a slash directly for Mimi’s face, but Mimi jumped backwards and kicked the tool out of her hands. Then, she delivered a kick to her chest. The girl soared back into one of the others and dropped her arm directly onto the running teeth of her hedge trimmers. The girl’s scream pierced the sky as, right before her eyes, bloody chunks of meat were cast away from them and into both their faces. “Hey, everybody saw that, right?! That wasn’t my fault,” she called out. Her phone chimed. She saw that it was Kerou who was calling and answered. “Talk to me, K.”
“Are you guys busy?”
“Nah, we’re just breaking legs and not being responsible for accidental injuries involving hedge trimmers. Y’know, whatevs.” Mimi balled her free hand up into a fist and formed a thick shield of ice on her arm. She put it up to catch the tool of the third girl who had come forth with hopes of dropping its teeth into Mimi. Mimi swung her shield and cast the girl away into a wall.
“Oh, okay. Well, I figured it out. We had been looking in the wrong place the whole time.”
“What do you mean?” Mimi commanded the concrete by the woman to curl over her legs and tighten down onto them until her bones snapped in half like a bundle of celery stalks. With a scream signaling the deed was complete, she strolled to the next person.
“You know how I was searching for similar correspondence or anything that could link the cause of the murders in social network messages and e-mail and stuff like that?”
“Yeah.” Mimi launched a stream of water into the backs of of two teenagers who were prepping a tree fire with a spray down of lamp oil and sent them to smack into a building’s window. She sent concrete over their legs and made it snap them. It sounded as if someone had halved a large handful of dry spaghetti.
“Well, I was checking to see if I could find any remnants of deleted data, and then it dawned on me: Check the IP and security logs of the routers! So, there was, once again, the normal stuff like multicast groups and those things, but then I found a similar peculiarity in the logs. At some point over the past couple of days, they connected with an IP registered to Microsoft.”
“Wait, so, you’re saying they’re the ones behind this?” One by one, Mimi swept the people off of their feet with gusts while Kayzi followed up with rock vices around their legs.
“Not necessarily,” Kerou said. “I think it was masked as a Microsoft IP so the XBOX would detect it as safe. I think somebody hijacked the XBOX Live service to send out a system update that contained some kind of mind control stuff which means that father from that first case is technically innocent. He was probably just checking the XBOX he got off of Craigslist to see if worked properly before he gave it to the kids, and when he downloaded the update, it warped his mind.”
“Makes sense,” Mimi said. “All of these people we just handled must’ve been contestants at the Cruz Comics tournament.”
Kayzi covered the last person’s legs with concrete to snap them and came to stand by Mimi. “The comic book store? Isn’t there a hunting store right by that place? Why didn’t they just get guns or knives from there instead of going to the hardware store?”
“Well, as we can obviously see, you can make a weapon out of anything. But the main problem here is that there’s something wrong with these kids’ minds and we need to fix it.”
“I’ve already traced the location and sent Britney and Morgan to go find the guy so we can reverse this thing,” Kerou said.
“Good job, K., but did you all figure out what that whole ‘KGB’ thing was about? Is this related to the Commissary?” Mimi asked.
“You’ll never stop the KGB gang!” said a teenager through tears and ragged breaths. “The well-off white men have had it too good for too long. We’re gonna kill Glenn Beck and every rich, old person in this city until they spread the wealth.” She dug her fingers into the ground and collected what strength she had left into her chest to scream. “We are legionnnnnn!”
“Ohh, okay. That’s what ‘KGB’ means. They’re gonna kill Glenn Beck,” Mimi said. She and Kayzi stood idle as the restrained people wailed and the would-be victims hurried away by foot and by car.
Kayzi and Mimi turned to each other with wide eyes. “They’re gonna kill Glenn Beck!”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Silver hair and silver tongue loaded with sharp anecdotes, the cable television darling strolled to center stage, tossing a wave to the audience of thousands sitting before him. All for his blessing them with his well-known presence, every angle of the theater lauded him with applause and whistles and cheers, and from the humble grin he wore, he was undoubtedly enjoying the accolades. He took a seat on a stool. He and it were the only things needed for initial act of the show, and though he could sit savoring the unabating acclamations for much longer, the short tales were growing restless within. By his hands, he beckoned for subsidence in the clamor. The people complied. He clasped his hands together and laid them in his lap. “Queen City, Michigan. Boy, you’ve guys been keeping the news guys in business, huh? This outfit I’m wearing? This is three days of reports on you guys.”
The audience snickered.
“But, no, seriously, it feels really exciting to be here. I mean for goodness sake, you all are living in a comic book. The eight-year-old Superman fan in me is just thrilled to know that superheroes do exist. And they fight monsters. These things do exist!”
In the audience, one person was in the midst of a struggle to stifle his laughter. He tapped the person next to him. “Wait, wait. Watch where he’s going with this. This is gonna be funny.” A gleeful squeak slipped out.
“But I guess we should’ve seen it coming when they let Daffy Duck into the White House,” Glenn said.
A bleat of a laugh resounded over the audience’s chuckles. That one audience member was slapping his knee and rocking back and forth in his seat. “See, now that’s comedy! When you know where the joke’s going, but it’s still funny. People just don’t— They don’t get it. They don’t even try to get what this man does.”
“But the thing about comic books,” Glenn said, “is that when it’s over, after the day is saved, everything’s okay, right? But that’s not the case in reality. You guys have to live through this stuff, and to us reporting it, it just feels like we’re watching a movie. A low budget movie but a movie nonetheless. It’s got heart. It’d do well on the indie circuit.”
A honk trumped the audience’s laughter. That one audience member was pointing to Glenn Beck and stomping his feet. “He’s alluding to the fact that the city has been in financial disarray, but it’s okay because it’s common knowledge across the country.” He threw his hands up. “Like, Jon Stewart— He wouldn’t even... He doesn’t even know how to spin the issues like this. He just doesn’t.”
“I’m a journalist,” Glenn said. “Or at least, I consider myself a journalist. I mean I cover all the important issues. Like what the government’s up to, and what’s going on in your corners of the country, and especially what’s going on with the Kardashians.”
The audience chuckled.
“But journalists seem to get bad rap.” Glenn slipped off of his modest throne and paced with his focus down just past his hands he held clutched together by his chest, occasionally throwing a glance to the people. “’If it bleeds, it leads.’ You guys heard of that? ‘If it bleeds, it leads.’ That means that if it’s a really gory or tragic story, we make it a priority to let you know the details of it. But why is that a bad thing? I mean wouldn’t you want to know if there was something really tragic happening in your neighborhood?”
“Yes,” that one audience member said.
“But people blame us journalists for the violence as if we make killing look ‘cool’ or something. I mean I don’t know. Maybe we do. I’m sure we all remember that one time when the late Walter Cronkite reported on the Vietnam War, hanging out of a UH-1 with a M16 tucked under his arm. Just mowing down commies like—” Glenn jumped into a stance with his feet planted apart and positioned his hands to simulate gripping a rifle and spraying ammunition in a sweeping motion. “Et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et.” He put the barrel of his imaginary rifle to his lips to act out blowing away smoke. Then, with tightened eyes, and in a low tone, he said, “And that’s the way it is...”
The audience broke into a round of laughter and applause.
Glenn broke from his character and made a scoffing chuckle. “It’s not us.” He returned to his pacing. The audience quieted back down. “It’s not us. It’s not the media. We, as humans, we’ve always had a blood lust. The Romans used to watch each other kill one another just for entertainment. But you say we’re more civilized now. What, just because I can look up Roman history from my phone? We may have moved on to a less base standard of living, but I don’t think we’re any more civilized than we were a thousand years ago. At least in the scope of where we should be in this day and age. We dress however. We speak with little respect to each other. There’s no chivalry, no compassion. Kids shoot up schools because we don’t pay attention to them. People want to be gangsters and reality stars more than doctors. Family members are murdering each other. Our mentality today is ‘uncivil’ and ‘war’. We’re rude and we just want to fight each other.”
The people murmured their agreeing along with a smattering of applause throughout.
“We’re gluttons. Not in the sense that we eat too much. I’ll let the First Lady tell you that your kids are fat.”
The audience laughed. “Hanhhh!” that one audience member said in a honking guffaw. “He got her! That’ll teach the First Lady to care about an age group that grew up in a time in which big advertising pushed chemical-and-sugar-filled foods daily as well as the agriculture industry promoted a diet which could inevitably lead to diabetes because of lobbyists throwing their dollars at them.”
“We’re gluttons in that some of us need violence like we need junk food,” Glenn said. “In the way some people cope with their troubles by eating a whole bag of Oreos in one sitting, some people cope with their troubles by going to a public place and unloading a whole magazine of bullets into innocent people. We need to put their treats up onto a higher shelf and give them what they really need.”
“Affordable access to mental treatments?” asked an audience member.
“Jesus. That’s the difference here,” Glenn said. “The number of non-believers is staggering and growing larger by the day. We need to stop declaring war on each other and start taking aim at atheists because, as we all know, atheism is a very slippery slope to anarchy.”
The thunk of a door opening at the back of the theater stole everyone’s attention and promptly bore great horror in all when they saw a group of teenagers running into the aisles, gripping handguns and hedge trimmers. Women screamed. Grown men fainted. Security guards charged forward but were easily picked off from behind before they could even get their guns out of their holsters. Glenn looked to the left and saw through wide eyes that he was sharing the stage with a stone-faced shooter, his death tolls still echoing above screams into the high shadows. Glenn turned to chance an exit stage right but froze when the shine of another gun’s barrel flared. He was surrounded by eager fingers and put his hands up. “O— okay, guys. Wh— what do you want?”
The teenagers kept their extended arms stiff and their faces stern. “Actually..., we don’t know what we want, but we know that it’s every individual-slash-household-that-takes-in-over-$75,000-a-year’s fault. And since all of you guys are so freakin’ rich, it’s time for some of you to pay.” The other teenagers yelled their approval.
“It’s not my fault! I worked hard for my money. I’m sure a lot of the people in this city have too. Go after the banks. They’ve yet to be held accountable for messing up the economy, and they’re still charging outrageous fees.”
“Shut up! We're tired of you old, white men in the media painting us young kids in a bad light. You're the real criminals.”
“So, you're gonna prove that by extremist activities?”
“Shut up! This is how we're gonna make you listen.”
Glenn shut his eyes tightly, his heart beating a prayer twice a second. Most in the audience turned away and awaited the sound that signified a lost life. But then, the blessing of a curse.
“What the fuck?!” said the teenager.
Glenn eased his eyes back open and saw that a block of ice was quickly forming around the teenager’s hand, rendering it unable to pull the trigger. He tried to shake it away, but its growing up his arm was too speedy to control. The same was happening to the other teenagers. The ice ran up their arms and grew too heavy to let them stand up properly. Soon, their bodies would be engulfed wholly. The audience searched for the cause of the capture and found Kayzi and Mimi up on one of the balconies, directing the formation of the ice blocks with their index fingers. “Don’t mind us. We’re just chillin’ up here,” Mimi said.
“Hah! I get it; it’s wordplay,” said that one audience member.
“Oh, my God, it’s you!” said Glenn. “It’s really you, the Pretty Killers.”
With the aggressors wrapped up well in ice, the girls leaped over the parapet to come down to one of the aisles. “Two-fifths of us, actually. Don’t worry, we’ll be out of your way in a second,” Kayzi said. “Just gotta do some clean-up.” She and Mimi whipped up thick clouds to slip under each of the frozen teenagers and lift them off of the ground. The clouds then hauled the bodies away, following the girls out of the theater.
“Wait!” Glenn said. “You guys don’t wanna stay and see the rest of the show? Or maybe I can do an interview with you. I’m sure the people would like to know more about you guys.”
“Uh, unless you can magically turn into Wendy Williams or Jimmy Fallon, I don’t think so, boo-boo,” Mimi said. She continued her leading the bodies to the lobby. “Don’t nobody wanna see that jank-ass show,” she mumbled to herself.
Outside of the theater was Honeybee, Jakkie, Minnie and a couple of task force officers sitting in a van by the curb, waiting to transport the offenders to the headquarters. Kayzi and Mimi’s clouds loaded the bodies into the back of the vehicles. The clouds floated up to the sky to do whatever clouds do in the mid-day. 
An officer closed the van’s door. “Thank you so much for your help apprehending these kids and that mind-control-ring-leader guy. “I know solving murders isn’t really your thing, but I guess since it was a mind control plot, it ballooned into your territory anyway, huh?”
“No big,” said Jakkie. “Anything to help keep the peace. Just make sure that when you unfreeze those people in the back, you show them the anti-hypnosis visual I created.”
“Roger roger,” said the officer. She got into the front of the vehicle with her partners. The driving officer started the vehicle, grinded the gearshift from park and stepped on the accelerator. The van backed into a car and a body slid out of the back, cracking the windshield.
The officer leaned out though the window and craned to see the damage made. “Oops,” he said with a timid smile. “Say, could you get that?”
Mimi rolled her eyes and stirred up a cloud that lifted the body back into the van and shut the door. It fastened the lock.
“Thanks a lot,” the officer said. They sped off down the street.
“Hey, you guys, I’ve been thinking,” Minnie said. “You know how I told you guys that the cities were working together to fix up the debt? Well, one of the companies that showed interest in buying city assets was News Corporation, and I was just wondering if you guys think it was possible that this whole thing was a diversion to make the citizens focus on the serial murders and a murder attempt on a celebrity so they wouldn’t find out about the deal because there was a good chance that the progressive population—which outweighs the conservatives—would oppose it because it may end up costing the people more in the long run, as well as create a news story that not only outdoes the free advertising done with the Today show fight video, that all the channels were discussing, but hinders holiday sales of XBOXes which are a product of Microsoft who is associated with a rival channel of Fox News who is owned by News Corporation?”
“You really think they would do that?” said Honeybee. “You think they would give mind control technology to some random guy, put one of their subsidiary’s hosts in danger as well as cause, like, 20-somethin’ casualties just to outdo NBCUniversal, screw with Microsoft, and own parts of a city?”
“Talk about killing multiple birds with one stone,” said Jakkie.
“I get outdoing NBC and screwing with Microsoft’s sales, but how would they benefit from having a stake in the cities with us?” Kayzi said. “I mean it’s not like they could translate that into ad sales or something.”
Mimi shrugged. “Yeah, well, that's major media for you. Questionable manipulation to fulfill abstruse conspiratorial goals. But if we get a new police force out of it, then I guess we can chalk it up to a win or whatevs.”




Chapter Twenty
Hell of a Night


London McLaren. Minerva Berkley. Regina Juno.
Through superficial eyes, one could view the ladies, heralded as supermodels, as just a collection of narrow waists, hair extensions and intelligence quotients of vastly varying degrees. But through a more substantial look, it could be seen that the assemblage of these three was performed on a basis not merely of cosmetic satisfaction but more on their representations of the individual virtues favored in their complementing each other to give a comprehensive display of empowerment in fellowship. They were the Stelleta Triad. They were members of a legendary clique to which some of the world’s best models hoped they could belong, and since the mid-1980s, it was upon each year’s trio to uphold the nobility that Anastacia di Stacci had set as a standard. Now, it was time for this current cycle of ladies to step up to the proverbial plate and prove that their inclusion was not in lapsed mind. But on another hand, Anastacia was never known for a sound mind or predictability.
With a producer, a camera operator and a boom operator along to capture the escapade, the ladies had ventured to Camden, New Jersey with the intention of delivering some good news, and now that they were standing outside of the destination, their delight was getting more difficult to contain. In London and Regina, at least.
“Hi, guys!” said London to the camera. She and Regina waved to it. “We’re here at the social services office in Camden, New Jersey to surprise our ‘Beauty is Everywhere’ campaign contest winner. She has absolutely no idea we’re about to show up. I’m so excited. Are you excited?”
“So excited,” Regina said. “What about you, Minerva?”
The camera operator turned to face Minerva who stood with a scowl locked on her sharp face and her arms folded. She shrugged.
“Come on, Minerva, smile. We’re about to go make someone happy,” London said.
“I’m smahling wid’eyez,” Minerva said, still stoic.
“Don’t worry about it. We’ll airbrush a smile onto her in post,” said the camera operator.
“All right, guys, let’s go make some magic,” Regina said.
The ladies and crew went into the building and drew mixed surprise from the people sitting in the lobby. While a portion were astounded by the presence of the ladies, many were upset mostly because they did not want an account of their doings captured by strangers. The producer picked up on this apprehension in their frenzied murmurs. “Don’t worry, people. Nobody will be featured in the video unless they sign a release,” he said.
The camera operator and boom operator followed the ladies to a desk where the dichotomy of the opinion of the ladies’ being there was palpable. One woman was confused by the camera while another was sitting with her mouth open wide and her eyes open wider. “Oh, my God! Regina Juno!”
“Thaaat’s me,” Regina said, pointing to herself with her thumb. She giggled. “We’re here for Deborah Anderson. She’s the winner of our ‘Beauty is Everywhere’ campaign contest.”
The woman’s smile flipped. “Aw, I thought you guys were here to tell me that I won.”
Regina feigned pouting. “No, I’m sorry. But you’re still beautiful.”
“Whatevs.” The woman hung her head and threw herself out of her chair to come out from behind the desk. “Come on, I’ll show you to Deborah.” She shuffled to a door and slid her identification card through a reader to unlock it. Then, she led the ladies and the crew through.
The office was fairly placid. There were a few faint exchanges and some occasional chuckles blooming from the cubicles as the guests strolled through the outermost aisles. “There she is,” said the front desk clerk, pointing to another woman at a photocopier.
Deborah looked up from the machine. Then, she looked back down. Then, she whipped her head back up with a heavy look of confusion at the approaching company. “What’s all this? This isn’t one of those ambush news interviews, is it? ‘Cause I already done explained Mr. Milano that his son doesn’t qualify for his health care coverage anymore. He’s too old; he either needs to get a job or get back in school.”
“Are you serious?” said the clerk. “Don’t you know who these girls are?”
“No. Should I?” Deborah went back to her photocopying.
Workers began peeking over the cubicle walls. “Holy Shabba!” a man cried. “It’s those Stelletta chicks.” He went to his desk and shuffled through his mess of papers. “Where’s my phone? Where’s my phone?!”
“What?”
“Say what, now?”
“Where?” Workers flocked from all corners of the office.
“Well, this is awks,” said London. “You really don’t know who we are? Why we’re here?”
“No. Apparently, everyone else does, though.” Deborah gestured to the people snapping photographs and recording with their mobile phones.
“Didn’t you enter Fine Line Cosmetics’ Beauty is Everywhere contest?” Regina asked. “We came to tell you that you had won an all-expenses-paid trip to California and tickets to see the Stelletta lingerie show, and you were gonna get a makeover with Fine Line’s new line of cosmetics. Shopping spree and everything.”
“That’s the prize? You all can’t pay my light bill or groceries for a month or something?”
“Well, it’s kinda a beauty thing, so a makeover and shopping spree kinda makes more sense, you know?” London said.
Deborah collected her photocopies. “Look, Curly, Larry, and Hoe, I don’t even watch that underwear show when it comes on TV, so I definitely don’t wanna see you all’s nasty, malnourished asses in person. My husband must’ve used my name for this contest or something. Now, unless you all gonna cut me a check for the prize value, I think we’re done here.” Deborah turned away from the ladies and pushed through the crowd to head back to her desk.
“Shoot, if she don’t want it, I’ll take the prize,” said the clerk.
Minerva broke from the group to catch Deborah by the arm and spin her around to face her. “Lookyew sow! Juss beh’appy dat-ew’on cauntisst uddere den pie-eatit.”
“You got one second to get that hand off me, Arnold Schwarzen-fucker.”
Minerva kept a tight grip on Deborah’s arm and put her face down directly into hers. “Wahn... Two.”
“Okay, ladies, break it up,” said a security guard.
Before the guard could come between the ladies, Deborah had snatched her arm from Minerva’s grip and threw a punch. Minerva grabbed the incoming fist and took a hold on the other hand to flip the woman onto her back. Her papers flew up and fluttered down like confetti. The crowd winced behind their little cameras.
Deborah screeched. “Aaaagh, my back! Oh, my back, my back, my back! I can’t move.” Two of her co-workers rushed to her side.
The guard took Minerva by the arm and pulled her away from Deborah. “Time for you to go, sweetheart.”
London turned to the producer. “I don’t suppose you can fix this in post, too, can we?”
The producer closed his eyes and blew out a deep sigh.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

If there was one thing that was to be expected upon entering Ms. di Stacci’s office, it was that the unexpected was never more than seconds away from occurring in abundance. But as London, Minerva, and Regina took the elevator ride up to the room, there was a feeling of definite promise waiting for them like death, and it had left London and Regina’s nerves taught and twanging with a quick rhythm thumping from their hearts, playing over dreaded words in their minds pronouncing the trio would become a duo. They were undoubtedly restless, but Minerva was difficult to decode. She was not shaking or pacing or breathing heavily or fidgeting or darting her eyes. She just stood with her arms folded and eyes fixed on the line dividing the elevator doors, stillness akin to a mannequin. London and Regina knew that her default demeanor was one of “frozen feelings”, but this was now a matter of her livelihood. They expected that sometime from the scuffle to the flight home to the stepping back into the Stelletta house, she would have shown some kind of emotion. But maybe she, in fact, was brimming with sorrow, drowning her thoughts in worst-case scenarios. Admittedly, Regina and London were afraid to ask.
The elevator pinged and the doors parted. And there was Ms. di Stacci, waiting. Soaking in a claw foot slipper bathtub that was placed where her desk usually sat. She was enveloped up to her chest in suds and had Prince and Fonkee lathering up shampoo in her hair. “Re-lo-va, come in. Have a seat,” she said. She took a sip of a vodka milkshake that she was holding.
The ladies went to the office’s only piece of furniture reserved for sitting: a swinging bench that one would find on a patio. “Ms. di Stacci, you’re not gonna fire Minerva, are you?” London asked. “I mean, yeah, flipping that woman was kinda out of line, but I don’t think it’s, like, super bad, you know? I mean it’s not like she said something racist.”
“I understand, London. Rest easy,” Ms. di Stacci said. She kept her sight straight up to the ceiling. “I never planned to let go of Minerva. I admire her attitude too much.”
The ladies blew out relieved sighs. Minerva cracked something of a smile and took Regina and London by the hands. “Dankyew, Ms. di Stacci,” she said.
“Of course, bella. It takes some really heinous doings to get kicked out of the Triad. I know nobody’s an angel. Especially, not me back in my modeling days. Have any of you ladies ever heard of Agneta Frieberg?”
“I’m sorry, Ms. di Stacci. I can’t say I have,” London said.
“Good. Keep it that way.” Ms. di Stacci brought her beverage up to her mouth to sip through the straw. “Can’t cover Mademoiselle again with six feet of dirt over you, can you?” she whispered to herself. Prince rinsed the shampoo from her hair.
“Is it safe to assume that we lost the endorsement?” Regina asked.
“So safe, you’re on first base, Miss Juno. Sorry, ladies, but that’s out of my hands. Flips and foundation don’t mix in Fine Line’s executives’ eyes.”
“I guess you’re gonna have to find a new brand of mascara for your signature smoky eyes, Minerva,” London said.
“Disses not mascara. Disses frahm when I fall in cohl basin beck’en Ostrava. And sometimes, I geht’omesick and it frustrates. I jess shut down. I’m sahrri’fer dett.”
“Understandable, bella. But just because I’m pardoning you this time, please do not mistake my kindness for weakness. That goes for all of you. Remember how lucky you are to be a part of the Triad and just how easily you can lose your title.” Fonkee wrapped Ms. di Stacci’s hair up in a towel.
“From here on out, we won’t let you down,” Regina said.
“Yeah, you count on us,” said London.
“Lovely.” Ms. di Stacci tossed her drink off to a wall and stood up to reveal that she was clad in a strapless, full-length ball gown. As she stepped out of the tub, the suds slipped off of the fabric with miraculous ease and left no indication of there ever being moisture. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to get back to planning Ms. Cordova’s wedding.” She turned to her assistants. “Come, my girls. To the mezzanine!” Prince and Fonkee followed Ms. di Stacci to the elevator. She pressed the button and the doors opened to a silver pole. “Super bon bon to you, ladies.” Ms. di Stacci took a hold on the pole and slid down into the shaft. Her assistants mirrored the actions. Then, the doors closed.
“Hey, Minerva, I bet the only poles you’re used to seeing are the ones bordering your country, huh?” Regina nudged Minerva with her elbow. “Huh? Get it? Do you get it? You get it?”
“Yes. I get.”
“OMG, Regina, that’s, like, so freakin’ racist. Are you trying to get fired?” said London.
“Dat’s not racess. I know racess. Racess-ess like’eff I wrighten en I ober-exaggerate fuhnettiks of axenn or someden like.”
“Wait, what?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Danielle lay with her face well into imprinting upon her bed’s pillows, and her hair, twisted into a loose braid, was bent and held over the top of the pillow, ultimately appearing as if there was a golden appendage clawing away from her head. Danielle’s mother, Michelle, scampered into Danielle’s bedroom and went straight to the window to throw open the curtains. “Rise and shine, Dani-baby! I’ve got good news!” Rundell was next to hurry in and hopped up onto the bed at Danielle’s feet, rapidly wagging his tail.
Danielle pulled her comforter over her head to hide her eyes from the sunlight. “Can’t it wait a couple more hours?”
“I guess it could. I mean if it doesn’t really matter to you that the Hautemonde producers want to bring the original cast back for a new season.”
Danielle flung her comforter off of her head and whipped her body up into sitting. Rundell hopped off of the bed and went to Michelle’s heels. “Mom, tell me you’re being serious. Tell me you are seriously serious.”
“I’m seriously serious. I just got off the phone with our agent about a screen test for a cosmetics commercial or whatever, and he told me to tell you that they’re ready to give you the contracts. They want to begin shooting in January while they’re airing the current season and the old episodes on that Teen whatever network.”
Danielle’s grin went as wide as it could go as quickly as it could move. “Oh, my God!” She squealed and kicked her feet about under the sheets.
“But there’s one eensy-teeny, sorta-insignificant catch before they give you, personally, your contract.”
Danielle quelled her celebration. “Me? Why? What catch?”
Michelle sat on the edge of Danielle’s dresser. “The producers kinda want you to go to some rehab thing. It’s nothing serious.”
“What?! But I haven’t had a drink in months. I don’t even drink wine with dinner anymore.”
“I know, babe. But it’s their single stipulation. They just want to make sure that they’re not getting into a situation like before. And besides, it’s only one session. You go in, probably listen to a seminar, talk about your feelings and why you partied so much. You’re a kid and kids make mistakes and learn from them, blah-blah-blah, whatever. We’ve had this talk. Then, bada-bing you’re back in front of the cameras and continuing on your great-great-grandmother’s legacy of thespianism.”
Danielle sighed. “So, when’s this stupid session whatever?”
“Tonight, so I’d stay away from that rum cake if I were you. Not because of the alcohol content. You just don’t wanna get too puffy if you’re gonna be back on camera, you know?”
Danielle put up a sneer and looked at her mother out of the corners of her eyes. “Thank you for your concern, mother.”
“I’m kidding, babe. ...Sorta. But anyway, wish me luck with this screen test.” Michelle stood up, sighed, and shook her head. “A seasoned theater personality doing advertisements. Dear God, why did you design your world to be so cruel?” She threw her head back and groaned. “Have I not generously given of myself to the my fellow man? Why would you spite me with such brutishness?” she whined.
“Well, mama, it’s better than doing voice acting in computer-animated family movies. And if roles aren’t opening up for you, why don’t you try writing and producing your own stuff?”
“I guess that’s an option, a very expensive option. Or maybe you—the young-and-beautiful-starlet-who-will-be-returning-to-the-small-screen soon—can convince the Hautemonde writers to slip in a little role for your dear, old mother. Perhaps recurring?”
Danielle chuckled. “Will do, Teri Shields.”
“Enjoy your youth responsibly, Dani-baby. Make me and your father proud.” She picked up Rundell and exited the room.
Danielle leaned over to her nightstand to pluck her phone up off of it and laid on her stomach. She selected her contact for Marc and swung her feet back and forth as she waited for his voice to come through.
One ring.
Another ring.
“Hello?”
“Good morning, Jackson,” Danielle said.
“I take it you heard the news.”
“I certainly did, and I can’t wait to get back on set with you. All those takes of kissing scenes until we get it right. Maybe I should come over for a rehearsal. It has been a while, hasn’t it?”
“Calm down, Danielle. Just because our characters are back together, that doesn’t mean we are. Whatever happened since the summer, it’s in the past, and you and I have to keep it platonic and professional, okay?”
“You know I’m touching myself to your voice, right now, right?”
“Danielle,” he said sternly.
“Oh, God, yes! Say my name like that again.”
“Okay, I’m hanging up.”
She giggled. “Oh, my God, Marc, loosen up. I understand you wanna be faithful and all that lame crap. But just so you know, phone sex isn’t cheating. It’s just masturbation with director’s commentary.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t want any inclusion in your orgasms.”
“Well, too bad ‘cause we’re in the States which means you can’t stop me from thinking about you when I touch myself. It’s in the Constitution, so frickin’ deal with it.”
Marc laughed.
“So, what are you doing?”
“Besides talking to you? Nothing really, just some homework.”
“You’re doing homework on a Saturday morning? Why?”
“Well, that’s how AP English is: essays every week. It sucks.”
“Why don’t you save all that stuff for later and meet me for breakfast. Have you eaten yet?”
“Yeah, I just had some cereal. Thank you anyway though.”
“I know you’re still hungry, Marc. You’re a 17-year-old boy. A bowl of cereal’s not gonna cut it.”
“Yeah, well, I’ll get something else later. I really want to finish this paper so I don’t have to do it tomorrow.”
Danielle groaned and rolled onto her back. “Marc, I reiterate: You’re 17. You’re supposed to wait til the last minute to do your homework. You just don’t wanna hang out ‘cause you feel guilty around me, and the only reason you’d feel that way is if you still actually do have feelings for me because, let the record show—”
“Oh, God, the record’s showing.”
“It was you who came to me last time we had sex. I had moved on, and then, out of nowhere, you wanted to snuggle up.”
“Yes, Danielle, I remember. And I also remember that I told you to forget that happened. I just— I don’t really understand why I felt that way at that moment. But it was a mistake.”
“I just wanna know why you keep making me the bad guy. I’m asking you out to an innocent breakfast and you take it as I’m propositioning you. Like I would ever have sex at restaurant.”
“Danielle, please. It’s too early for your reverse psychology.”
“I’m not even. What are you talking about?”
“Oh, you so are. If I don’t hang out with you, then that’ll prove to you that I have feelings for you—which I don’t. But if I do hang out with you, then I’m shirking responsibilities to be with you. Either way, you win.”
Danielle faked a gasp. “Did my brain do that?” She giggled and flipped back onto her stomach. “But no, seriously, I didn’t intend to snare you up in some gambit or whatever. We’ll be dealing with plenty of those when we get those Hautemonde scripts. I genuinely just wanted to hang out with you for like an hour or two. I don’t know if you heard but I have to go to some rehab-therapy thing tonight, and I just wanted to have some kind of fun today.”
“Yeah, that rehab thing was mentioned.”
“Just to prove that I have no intentions of trying anything, why don’t you come over to my house for some breakfast. My dad’s here. You know I totally can’t flirt if he’s around. How does that sound?”
“You think he can make some of those waffles? The ones with the pieces of sausage in them?”
“I can ask, I guess. No promises.”
“I guess if your dad’s there, it’s okay. All right, give me fifteen minutes and I’ll be over. But only because of free food.”
“I welcome your mooching.”
“Did you say smooching?”
“God, no, Marc! Jeez, stop being so frickin’ paranoid.”
Marc chuckled. “Calm down, I was just joking. Now, who’s the one who needs to lighten up?”
“Just for that, you don’t get any maple syrup with your waffles.”
“Don’t even play like that. You know that’s, like, the one true Canadian stereotype.”
“Yeah, well, then say you’re sorry.”
“Danielle—”
“Say it! Tell me you’re sorry.”
Marc sighed. “I’m sorry, Miss Marcelle.”
“Good boy. Bye-ee.” Danielle ended the call and snickered. She rolled off of her bed and stood to stretch slumber’s stiffness out of her arms and back. “God, I love my life,” she said and sauntered off to the beginning of her morning routine.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Chauffeured by her father, Danielle arrived at Shermer Center’s campus holding as much indignation to her obligatory attendance as when she initially learned of it hours earlier. She stared through the passenger’s side window at the big, gray building and its line of foliage against its walls. It looked drab, dreary. Uninviting.
“I can’t believe neither you or mama can get me out of this,” she said, paralyzed by her reality before her. “It’s so absurd I have to be here. I mean it’s not like I’m some defective or anything.”
“For goodness sake, Danielle, it’s only a few hours. You’ll live. And besides, it’s no one’s fault but your own that you’re here, so put on your big-girl boots and let this further a lesson in maturity for you.”
“Whatever.” Danielle grabbed her purse, stepped out of the car, and slammed the door behind her. The car’s engine quickly faded away behind her as she made the walk up to the entrance, and in the cool, quiet air, she focused on the rhythm of her steps. My goodness, her shoes looked fabulous.
Shermer was just as quiet and plain inside as it was outside. Danielle walked up to the reception desk where a clerk was seated and reading a book. The clerk put her book down and revealed her smile. “Hello. Danielle Marcelle, right?”
A smile grew on Danielle to outmatch the clerk’s. “Yes, that’s me. Wow, it’s been a while since I’ve since I’ve gotten recognized. Almost forgot how good it feels.”
“Oh, no, sorry, I didn’t recognize you. It’s just that we had a Danielle scheduled for a 7:00 single outpatient appointment, and well, you know.”
Danielle’s smiled soured. “Oh.”
The clerk handed Danielle a clipboard with a form fastened to it. “Sign in right here, please.” Danielle scribbled her name down on the paper. “You’re in Room 1E. It’s just down the hall and to the right. And sorry again about that. I’m sure whatever you do, you do it well.”
“Whatever.” Danielle departed for the room, and all during her walk her thoughts were stuck on the seconds passing until this internment was completed. Her desire to be in front of a camera had never been more powered. And what came from being in front of the camera, it was her comfort zone. That exchange at the desk? Never again.
Danielle opened the door to Room 1E and found it was already occupied by a lone, teenage boy sitting in one of two armchairs arranged side-by-side facing a table. He had his foot resting on the edge of the table and was fidgeting with the drawstrings of his hooded sweatshirt but stopped when he saw Danielle. “Hey. This your first session, too?” he said.
“First and only,” Danielle said. She went to a table in a different corner of the room and placed her jacket on the back of the chair before sitting down. She put her purse on the table, picked out her phone and directed all her attention to the doings involving it.
Two other teenagers arrived. A boy and a girl. The boy sat on a couch adjacent to the two armchairs, and the girl—clutching a big, black bag—sat at a table set by a window, far from everyone else. Danielle flicked her eyes up from her phone’s screen to survey her company. Nothing worth noting.
“What’s up, fags?!” said a boy as he walked into the room. He knocked a picture off of the wall by the door and vaulted himself onto a loveseat facing the armchairs and couch to lie stretched out. Danielle recognized the boy. She did not know him personally, but she identified his face as the one that had appeared in a series of popular direct-to-video movies in the late 1990s and early 2000s. He was much scruffier now with long hair, shadows of facial hair, and baggy and wrinkled clothes on, but even out of the corners of her eyes she could tell it was him.
An older man holding a folder hurried in, and from the badge pinned to his suit jacket it was obvious that he was an employee of the center. With scorn chiseled into his wrinkled face, he went over to the boy who had just entered and smacked his face with the folder, shocking him out of his comfort. “Sit up and act like you got some home training.”
The boy sat up. “Whoa, chill there, Paul. You could’ve asked me nicely. No need to get physical.”
“That’s Dr. Vernon to you, ya bum.”
“Sorry.” The boy ran his hand through his hair and folded his arms.
Dr. Vernon put on a pair of glasses and opened the folder. “Now, let’s see what we’re dealing with here. Judd Bender: back again for ‘exhaustion’. Andrew Estevez: sex addict. Anthony Johnson: OCD. Danielle Marcelle: alcoholism. And Allison Sheedy: kleptomania. What the hell is wrong with this generation?”
“Um, excuse me. I do not have alcoholism,” said Danielle. “I’m only here because the producers of my show made it mandatory. I actually haven’t had a drink in months.”
“Buy me a box of Dulcolax ‘cause I don’t give a crap,” said Dr. Vernon.  “You kids are here ‘cause you need help, but before we can start, we need to know where we need to start. So, I want all of you to write a thousand word essay on why you think you have these compulsions. Paper and pens are in this desk drawer right here. Any questions?”
Danielle raised her hand. “Dr. Vernon? Do I really need to do this? I mean number one: I don’t have a problem. And num—”
“Either you write this essay, or I don’t sign your certificate of completion. It’s your choice, Tim Horton.”
Danielle sighed. “God, this blows, like, so much.”
“All right, now—”
Judd raised his hand. “Dr. Vernon, do I really need to do this?” he whined, imitating Danielle. “I mean don’t you already have my essay on file and junk?” He twirled his finger in a lock of his hair.
“I wiped my ass with the last copy. Write it again.” He pointed to the teenagers with his forefinger and pinkie finger. “And I’m watching you all, so no monkey business. Got it?” He backed out of the room and shut the door.
“So, how’s everyone doing tonight?” Judd asked.
Silence. Everyone kept their attention on what was before them.
“Wow, you guys are rude. Where the hell are your manners?” Judd stood up and walked to the center of the room. “I said how’s everyone doing?!”
“We— we’re okay,” said Andrew.
Judd flopped down into one of the chairs at Danielle’s table. “Are you not-deaf the same way you’re not an alcoholic?”
Danielle kept her eyes on her phone. “Please don’t talk to me.”
“Well, why not? It’s not like you’re working on your paper.”
“I’m brainstorming.”
“Oh, brainstorming. Okay. Cool.” He smacked the table. “Why’dya have to go and make things so complicated!” he sung.
“Oh, my frickin’ God. Do you ever shut up?!” Danielle cried.
“I was just giving you some thinking music. I thought all you Canadians liked Avril Lavigne.”
“Hey! Leave her alone. Stop being such a dick,” Anthony said.
“Oh, I’m being a dick?”
“Yes. Totally.”
“Oh, so I guess you’re an expert on dicks then? Hold on.” He turned his chair to face Anthony and sat up straight. “Tell me all about how you became an expert on dicks.”
“You know what, you don’t even count. You could die and you wouldn’t even get a mention on Yahoo! News, and we all know how desperate they are for articles.”
“Well, why don’t I become an athlete? All I need is a lobotomy so I can take orders like a trained monkey.”
“Are you trying to say actors—who take orders from directors—are better than athletes?”
“Yeah, pretty much. I bet Canada would agree with me.”
“Go to hell,” Danielle said.
“Oh, I’m already there, babe.”
“Don’t call me ‘babe’.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, slut,” Judd said.
“Ha!” Allison barked with a demented smile. She covered her mouth as she began to giggle.
“Shut up, I’m not a slut.”
“So, are you a virgin?”
Anthony sprung up from his seat. “Damn it, I thought I told you to leave her alone.”
Judd came up out of his chair and met Anthony in the center of the room. “The fuck do you care? It’s not like you’re screwing her.”
“You know what, you need to learn some respect.” He pushed Judd at the shoulders.
Judd wasted no time in throwing fist-to-face response, but Anthony darted out of its path and swung a punch of his own into the side of Judd’s face. Judd stumbled back to the table and fell backwards onto the seat of the chair before collapsing to the floor.
“Oh, my God! Oh, my frickin’ God!” Danielle got up from the table and turned away from the fray.
Judd glared up at Anthony who had taken a bottle of hand sanitizer from his pocket to put a drop in his palms. Andrew pulled a piece of tissue from his pocket and went to Judd’s side. “You okay, man?” he asked.
Judd smacked Andrew’s hand away. “Dude, don’t touch me. I don’t want your cum germs on me.” He sat up and wiped a bead of blood away from his nose. He sniffed back the rest. “Singing all those gay love songs and you probably never even touched a woman.”
“Dude, I’m just trying to help you,” Andrew said.
“Yeah, well, I don’t want help from some weirdo who jacks off in public bathrooms. I bet you let off a couple rounds to Canada’s jenna-slips, didn’t you? Fuckin’ sicko.”
“You know, you talk a lot of crap about us. Well, what about you, Mr. Hasn’t-done-a-movie-in-eight-years?” said Anthony.
Judd came back to his feet and shook his hair before running his hands through it. “Me? Oh, well, that’s easy.” He went to the center of the room, planted his feet far apart, and dropped the corners of his mouth so low that his jowls puffed out. He looked to an imaginary figure in the distance with sickened eyes and pointed to it. “’Stupid, worthless, no-good, goddamn, free-loadin’ son of a bitch,’” he said in a gruff voice. “’Retarded, big-mouth, know-it-all-asshole jerk.’” He folded his arms, narrowed his eyes, and with something of an effeminate tinge said, “’You forgot ugly, lazy, and disrespectful—’” He whipped around and flung the back of his hand out. “’Shut up, bitch! Go fix me a turkey pot-pie.’” Judd turned back around and said in his normal voice, “’What about you, dad?’” He raised his fist and, in the gruff voice, retorted, “’Fuck you,’” He put both his hand’s up at the height of his chest and said normally but more forcefully, “’No, dad, what about you?’” He clenched a hand back into a fist and raised it higher. “’Fuck you!’” Judd pulled up all the breath in him and pointed to that figure with the violence of a dagger set in his solitary finger. “’No, dad! What about you?!’ ‘Fuck you!’” He punched himself in the chin, whirled around and staggered to the table to brace himself against it. His fingertips dug into the wood. His breathing was hard. His nose kicked out another line of blood that he quickly wiped away.
Danielle did not look at Judd. Anthony kept his eyes on the floor. Allison looked down at her bag and put a tighter hold on it.
Andrew looked up at Judd. “Is that for real?”
Judd turned around and sported a proud grin. “No, it was from some movie, but I was pretty good, wasn’t I?”
Danielle turned around. Anthony looked up. Allison picked her head up. All appalled. “Wait, are you serious?” Anthony asked.
“As serious as a domestic abuse skit.”
“You frickin’ jerk!” Danielle ran up to Judd and smacked him over his arms and face. “Why the hell would you do that to us?”
“Why do any of you care if my parents were beating me? I don’t count, remember? I could die and I wouldn’t even get a mention on Yahoo! News, remember?”
“Just because you’re some rude and sexist prick faking rehab stints for publicity or whatever, that doesn’t mean we wouldn’t care if something crappy like that was happening to you.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! Faking? You think I’m faking this whole thing?”
“Uh, yeah. I mean number one: You don’t even seem like you want to be here. And number two: You don’t look very ‘exhausted’ to me. And what the frick even is exhaustion anyway?”
“Exhaustion is when you can’t go to your school ‘cause everyone keeps repeating lines from your movies at you. Exhaustion is when you repeatedly spend weeks of eight-hour days on a set doing the same shit over and over again and you don’t have a dollar to show for it. Exhaustion is when you put every single fuckin’ thing you have into an audition, and it’s still not fuckin’ enough for anyone! Not the casting directors! Not your parents! No one!” Judd pulled his sleeve back to show scars and welts of varying sizes going from his wrist to the inside of his elbow. “This is fuckin’ exhaustion!”
Danielle’s stomach felt heavy, and there was a bitter sting in her throat. “I... I’m sorry. I didn’t—”
“Goddammit!” Judd pushed Danielle away and ran out of the room.
All eyes went to Danielle, scolding stronger than words could have. “Why’d you have to go and say that?” Anthony said.
“I didn’t know. I thought it was part of his act or whatever.”
The halls were getting the worst of Judd’s anger and the other patients were getting the worst of a scare from it. He kicked at walls and potted plants, and he smacked at the glass panes of doors, all the while screaming his throat to shreds. Dr. Vernon shot out of his office. “Hey! Hey!” he cried, but his calls went unanswered. He caught up to Judd to grab him by the collar and threw him up against a wall. “What the hell’s gotten into you?!”
“I’m done with your little sewing circle sessions. This place hasn’t done shit to help me!”
“Look, I make $29,000 a year and I have a crappy home. If I didn’t want to make sure you kids didn’t leave here okay, I would’ve left this job a long time ago. But every month, I have to put up with spoiled little shits like you who got a taste of the good life early on and lost their mind. Your parents put you in here because they’re worried about you. They’re scared that someday, when the public’s forgotten all about the cute, little movies, and they’ve forgotten all about you, and you’re wrapped up in your own pathetic life, you’re’ gonna do something stupid. You’re gonna hurt yourself worse than you’ve already done, and then what?”
“...I’ll be free.”
“Then, I tell you what...” Dr. Vernon took from his pocket a Swiss Army knife and flipped the blade out. He held it delicately before Judd, only inches from his face. “You wanna kill yourself? Then, do it. Come on, kill yourself. I’m not gonna stop ya.”
Judd looked at the knife. He studied it Silver. Catching glints off of the fluorescent light. Reflecting and distorting the fear on his face. He turned away and dropped his head.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought.” Dr. Vernon tucked the blade away and put the gadget back into his pocket. “Now, look, we want to help you, but we can’t do it if you don’t let us.”
“Whatever,” Judd grumbled. With Dr. Vernon behind him, he walked back to the room. The apathetic and nettled glances from the other patients weighted the statement about there only being a small number of people who placed a value on his life, and whether or not he did, he was begging for compassion behind those anonymous eyes. It was not owed, but desired. But it would not have been reciprocated anyway.
Judd came back into Room 1E and went straight to the loveseat to stretch out.
“Dr. Vernon,” Danielle said, “I don’t feel safe with him in here. Can I be transferred to a private room or something?”
Dr. Vernon rolled his eyes. “Spoiled brats,” he mumbled. He exited and shut the door behind him.
Danielle tossed her head back over the back of her chair and covered her face with her hands. “Uggghhhh, this is such torture. I wish I was on a plane to Paris or somewhere.”
“God, you’re such a cunt,” Allison whispered.
Danielle swung her head back up. “Um, excuse me?”
“I said you’re a cunt. Capital C. Capital U. Capital—”
“You’ve barely said one word this whole time, and when you open your mouth, that’s what you’ve got to say?” Danielle said.
“I’m tired of hearing how you think you’re better than us.”
“How did I ever give the impression that I think I’m better than anyone here? I just don’t wanna be here. I have no reason to be here.”
“I thought you were an alcoholic,” said Andrew.
“A couple of drinks at parties does not make me an alcoholic. It’s called being a kid. I’m allowed to make mistakes, aren’t I? God, I mean isn’t that why we’re all here? ‘Cause we made mistakes?”
“Jerking off in a public bathroom is a mistake. Stealing jewelry is a mistake. The fact that there is something in us that makes us do it over and over is not a mistake, princess,” said Judd.
“Look, my heart bleeds for you guys. Really, it does. I’ve got headcase friends and my show did an episode about stuff like this, so I get it, okay? But at the end of it all, your problems are not my problems, so the less you all talk to me, the easier this thing will go, ‘kay?” Danielle put her phone in her purse and got up from the table to pick up a notebook and pen from the desk off in a corner.
“But you know it’s okay if you wanna talk to us about stuff. I mean we wouldn’t judge you or anything,” said Andrew.
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Danielle said.
“You wouldn’t be here if there was nothing to talk about,” Allison said.
Danielle went back to her seat and opened her notebook. “Didn’t I already explain why I’m here?  My show’s producers made it mandatory just ‘cause they wanna make sure I don’t ruin this season we’re about to shoot, but I haven’t had a drink in, like, forever. I don’t want a drink. I don’t need a drink. There’s nothing cute about being on the mend anyway, so why would I ever put myself in a position where an affliction would outshine my body of work? I’d never try to get attention in such a graceless way.”
“Do you think the reason you’re saying you’re normal so much is ‘cause you were kinda forced to be normal?” Anthony asked. “You know, like, after you were kicked off the show? Like you’re kinda trying to convince yourself that this is your reality?”
“Oh... my frickin’... God! No, I don’t care that I was ‘forced’ to live the way I’m living now. I’m happy with my life. I’ve always been happy with my life. Why is that such a foreign concept to you all?”
“Why is it such a foreign concept to you that somebody could have everything people wish for, and their life could still suck? Face it, Canada, you’re the weird one here,” Judd said. He sat up.
“I’m weird because I won’t devalue the situations that people are actually going through by admitting to some nonexistent problem? Because I don’t hate my parents? Because I think I’m beautiful and I love being rich? I’m weird because I’m genuinely happy? What kind of crap is that? I swear all of you are just jealous.”
“So, you really do think you’re better than us?” Judd said.
“No, I don’t think I’m better than you all. What’s pissing me off more than your constant badgering is that I’m wasting resources that someone else could be using because I don’t need help. But the only reason I’m doing this is that it’s a trifle of an obstacle to getting back to my passion of acting.”
“Don’t give us all that righteous crap. You so think you’re better than us. Wherever you go, you think you’re better than everyone around you. You stay stuck in your perfect, little world where the only thing that matters is you,” Allison said.
“Oh, that is so not true. I totally care about other people. I always have.”
Allison stood up and threw her bag down on the table. “Then, who am I to you, Danielle?”
“What do you mean?”
“Who am I, Danielle?!”
Danielle scoffed and shrugged. “I don’t know. Some sticky-fingered freak with a stinky attitude?”
“We were in Grades 2 and 3 together! Kells Academy?”
Danielle scanned the details of Allison’s face with attention to detail and accepted a thin memory of familiarity. “That was years ago. You can’t possibly expect me to remember every last person from back then, especially when people grow and change.”
“I said ‘hi’ to you at the auditions for We’re Havin’ a Problem a couple of years ago, and what did you do? You gave me a freakin’ autograph! I wasn’t your fan, Danielle. I was there because I wanted that job. But then, of course, they gave the job to you, and you put Marc on the show because of your ‘chemistry’. I never got a second look from casting because, for whatever reason, people love you, you self-centered, party-girl bitch!”
Danielle felt that tangy sting scratching at her throat and that swimming in her stomach again. She wanted to turn away from the rage and grief in the girl, but impelled herself to stare straight into her eyes.
“And when you were kicked off Hautemonde, I thought ‘well, hey, this is finally my chance’, but no! The fans hated all of us in the new cast. Me, especially. They said I was trying to hard to be you. But I don’t want to be you! I can’t stand you!”
“Wait, you’re on Hautemonde now? You’re the one who replaced me?”
Allison growled and kicked her chair over. “Yes! God!”
Judd broke into cackling. “Dude, this session just got a whole lot more interesting.” Anthony was not sharing the delight.
Allison sat on the edge of the table and folded her arms. “So maybe I am faking this whole kleptomania thing. Maybe I just got so fed up with the attention you get that I wanted some for me. I thought that maybe if I was in the headlines for something, then people would watch the show for me instead of being excited for you coming back. I just wanted to matter for once, okay? Like, is that so wrong? Of course, you’re happy with your life; you’ve always gotten everything you’ve ever wanted. They’re even moving production to the States to accommodate you and Marc.”
Allison was correct. And Danielle knew it. She could not even trick herself into believing that her greatest desires did not come to her over the past years. Thinking back to the day’s morning affirmed it in the worst way. She sighed, stood and went to Allison’s table and sat beside her. “Look, I... I’m sorry. I truly am.” Her voice was light. “I haven’t really been keeping up with the show ‘cause they don’t show it in the States yet, and I’ve just kinda been tuning out any news about the show ‘cause it reminds me of my stupid and costly mistake. I’ve just been trying to grow from all that’s happened, and I’m happy that the show asked me back, but it really isn’t fair to you that the fans didn’t give you a chance because of me. As bad as it sounds, I literally can’t help it if they like me more than you. I literally can’t, and I’m so sorry about that. But if the producer insisted you come here for the problem they thought you had, that’s gotta be a good thing, right? They still want you on the show, you know?”
“And I so can’t wait to work with the amazing Danielle of the nationally renowned Marcelles.”
“I guess I can’t blame you for being upset with me, and I can’t promise that anything’s gonna change with the fans, but please don’t go the bad girl route to get noticed. Do you really wanna put up with the names and just being a punchline for who knows how long? Wouldn’t you rather be known for how well you can act rather your scandals?”
“No one cares how well I can act. Everyone always says I suck compared to you, so what does it matter if I attach scandals to my name? At least people know my name instead of just calling me ‘the new girl’.”
“Please don’t be that girl. Just look at how the producers made me come here even though I don’t actually drink. I have a stigma attached to me that makes them leery all because of a stupid mistake. Think about your future, what comes after Hautemonde. Do you really want to risk all of that just to outshine me on some teen drama?”
“You didn’t give a crap about me before, don’t try to give me advice now. I really just don’t give a shit anymore.” Allison went to Danielle’s table to sit. She kicked her feet up to rest them on the table and folded her arms again.
Danielle sighed. “Okay, I’ll level with you all. If I do have a problem, it's that I do think I’m better than you all. I do think I’m better than a lot of people. I love looking down on people because it makes me feel good knowing that my life is better than so many others’. I’m sorry. But you guys know there’s at least one day that sucked for me. It was when it was official that I was off the show and that was literally, like, the first day I didn’t get what I really wanted. I lost a job that I really loved, I lost a guy that I really like, and there was nothing my name, my parents, or any tantrum or whatever could do to fix it. And there was no one I could blame but myself. That was when I realized—or rather my parents made it apparent—that there was something wrong with me. That was when I realized that I needed to grow up, I needed to fix what was wrong with me, and I may be doing a crappy job at it, but I’m trying because when we become aware of the abnormality in us, whether a doctor tells us or we figure it out ourselves, we’re presented with a choice. We can deny it, we can deal with it, or we can fix it. No matter what’s wrong inside us, we always have a choice to fix it, and we have a choice to figure out how we fix what’s wrong inside us. We can hurt ourselves, we can hurt others, or we can get help. Ultimately, it’s up to you Allison, but I really don’t think being here is helping you. Publicity from a rehab stint is not gonna get you what you want.”
Allison kicked Danielle’s purse off of the table and put her middle fingers up at her. She put her attention on a window on the far side of the room.
“Fine.” Danielle threw her hands up. “If you wanna play that game, that’s certainly fine by me.” She went to her purse’s contents scattered on the floor and picked up her phone to begin typing up a message. Her thumbs zipped from button to button across the screen faster than any person the teens had seen before. Then, she held her phone up to Allison to snap a picture.
Allison raised her eyebrow in a bit of bewilderment.
Danielle made some final keystrokes and put her phone on the table to slide it to Allison. “Read it.”
Allison picked the device up and read the message. “’Stuck in rehab with @AllySheedy. Glad to see she hates being here as much as I do.’” She looked at the photo of herself sulking and snickered. “Did you really just tweet this?”
Danielle sat at the table. “Yeah, obviously.”
“But why?”
“Like I said, I can’t change how the fans feel about you or what any blogs are gonna say or whatever. That’s just something that comes with a public eye profession. And I can’t change how you feel about me because that’s up to you. The only thing I truly have control over is how I treat you, and I choose to be nice to you, not just ‘cause it makes me feel good but because I think it would make you feel good, and then maybe you’d do the same. I guess my real problem is that I make sure my happiness is a priority to the point that I’ll mess up someone’s life just to get what I want, and I need to get away from that before I ruin any more lives.”
“Well, they do say the first step to fixing yourself is admitting your problem. But you do know that that golden rule crap you were talking doesn’t always work in the real world, right?”
“Yeah, I know. But I legitimately want to be your friend. We’re gonna be castmates and I don’t want to be the figure of anyone in the cast’s anger again. Been there, done that, not fun especially now that I’m not drinking anymore. Plus, you guys showed me that no matter how awesome someone’s life looks on the outside, they could still be dealing with some stuff on the inside, so we should just try to be a little more considerate to each othe— Oh, my God, is he seriously masturbating, right now?!”
Judd’s, Anthony’s and Allison’s heads whipped over to find Anthony who was hunched in a corner with his pants unbuckled and slipping off of his hips and his hand gripping his penis. Their cringes matched Danielle’s. “Dude, put that away or you’re dead!” Anthony roared.
“Shut up, I’m al— I’m almost done anyway,” Andrew said.
“Oh, my God, can you please just go to the bathroom?” Allison said, shielding her eyes with the notebook.
“I needed to hear yours and Danielle’s voice. The argument was kinda hot, okay?”
“Oh, my God, I’m gonna vomit,” Danielle said. “You guys are freaks.”
“Shut up! I have a problem!”
Judd raised his fist up high. “Best session ever.”




Chapter Twenty-One
All I Want for Christmas


‘Twas the day of the winter solstice and all through the town the wind blew fairly quiet as snow carefully wafted down. The sky was decorated with fluffy clouds and painted a gentle gray while a happy dusting of white frosted the trees lining the throughways. Cars rushed through slush as a clock tower came to three, ever watching from the city’s center as people passed with such casual... ness. The December chill was biting, but their glances remained inviting and talks of holiday plans went on with amity.
Within the walls of Hester Prynne™ High, the kids waited with breath baited while the clock’s seconds ticked by. And the stall could not be longer, the anticipation could not be stronger. The gleam of freedom could not be brighter in their eyes. But the hands reached their time, and the kids did cry, “Holiday break! Screw you, school! Goodbye!”
The students spilled out into the halls with the joy of knowing that the daily hours spent caught in the thrumming of information and the stagnation of tests and essays, projects and reports could finally be put out of their minds until just after the unwrapping of the new year. And for most, the promise of gifts and revelry in the holiday season sparked their hearts up to the most danciest and swinging beat in the book of teenage carols. And it was one that Kerou, Morgan, and many of the other students could not help but to sing along with.

It’s been a long and broken road to winter, 
a wicked kind of year
You can adorn this month with some mistletoe 
and kiss it out of here
Oh, we’re well aware it’s a short farewell
But it’s all we’ve got so what the hell
Don’t jump up off that bridge, it’s a wondrous life

‘Cause when that spell emerges
And gives us all these verses
Who cares how we learned ‘em
We’re high school kids in impromptu song
Hanging bulbs so spherical
Winter snow and miracles
Jesus died to save your soul
It’s Christmastime so here we go

String those lights and wrap those gifts
‘Cause we’re so freakin’ done with this
One more day and we’d have lost our shit
But happy endings do exist
Put those pills away tonight, no more thinking suicide
‘Cause Christmastime is here to save our lives

Party til the cops arrive, but don’t you ever drink and drive
‘Cause Christmas isn’t fun if you die

Do they know it’s Christmastime at all?

While the kids carried on with their happy chattering, the sentiment was lost in Britney who was grumbling at her locker as she was putting her coat on. But, with enough exuberance for the added company of Benn and Jizzelle with Kerou, Morgan ran up to the girl. “Britney! Britney! Did you see that? I mean that was totally spur of the moment and— Hey, what’s the matter?”
Kerou gasped. “Oh, my God, we totally forgot: You’re Jewish. OMG, we’re so sorry. Do you wanna sing a Hanukkah song?”
Britney slammed her locker closed. “No, I don’t wanna sing a Hanukkah song. It’s just gonna end up being that Adam Sandler song anyway. But I’m just upset that Hanukkah ended days ago and I ain’t heard nothin’ about it. It ain’t fair. I thought Queen City was supposed to be different.”
“Well, you got admit, Hanukkah’s kinda boring compared to Christmas though,” Benn said.
Jizzelle slapped Benn’s arm. “Excuse you!”
“What? Don’t act like we weren’t all thinking it. Same thing with Kwanzaa. People try to be all politically correct and include them, but when it comes down to it, no one actually cares because they’re kinda boring.”
“Okay, you know what—” Jizzelle took Benn’s scarf and wrapped it around his mouth. “You’re not allowed to speak for the rest of the day.”
“Why didn’t you say something if you felt this way, B.? We would’ve been more than happy to celebrate Hanukkah with you,” Morgan said.
“Yeah, you know what’s important to you is important to us.”
Britney sighed and leaned against her locker. “I know, guys. I’m sorry I snapped at you. Honestly, I wasn’t even really upset until now. I guess that performance just kinda stirred up some bad Christmas recital memories. But it’s not your fault Christianity’s more popular than Judaism in this country.”
“Bou krissrissizza eva’abou krishenannadee,” Benn said.
“What did he say?” said Britney.
“He said, ‘But Christmas isn’t even about Christianity,’ even though I just told him to shut up,” Jizzelle said.
“He’s kinda right, though,” said Kerou. “Though Jesus’s birth was thrown in around this date by the Romans, in America, the most well-known traditions and stuff come from Dutch legends and festivities. They didn’t start out being anything religious. And if you account Coca-Cola and all the TV specials and stuff, the holiday’s not totally nondenominational but it’s pretty close.”
Benn raised his hand. “Murmissionehspee?”
“Permission granted,” Jizzelle said.
Benn pulled his scarf down and took a deep breath. “Basically, there’s two kinds of Christmases, Britney. There’s the weak one that you have to go to church to hear the same boring-ass story for, and there’s the other one that has re-runs of the same boring-ass stories. But at least the latter comes with gifts and you don’t really need to be religious for. Unless you consider shopping a religious experience like Jizzelle. But even you can celebrate Capitalistic Christmas if you want to.”
“Wow. I never really thought about it like that. I guess I just kinda got used to the exclusion around this time,” said Britney.
“Exclusion? Nah, the holidays are about coming together and just being happy with the people you care about, and Britney...” Benn walked up to Britney and put both of his hands on her shoulders to hold her at arm’s length. “We care about you.” He pulled her into a hug.
Britney giggled. “Aww, I care about you, too.”
“Glad to hear that. Now let’s hurry and get to the mall because you’ve got to do some last minute shopping for gifts for us.”
“Wait, I’ve gotta buy you stuff?”
Benn let Britney go. “Uh, yeah, you’ve gotta pay to play. ‘Tis the season to give, and how can we celebrate the joy of the season if you don’t give us stuff?”
“Oh, and Britney, if you wanna get a little something for me I’m a size 8 in dresses and a size 12 adult in shoes. I do not wear anything in orange or brown, and polyester is definitely off-limits. And jewelry’s fine, but nothing too gaudy,” Jizzelle said.
“But what about my joy of the season? When do I get to feel that?”
“The smiles on our faces when we unwrap your gifts should be enough for you, right? Now, let’s hurry up before they run out of MacBooks.” Benn took Britney by one hand and Jizzelle took a hold on the other. And though Britney had her reservations, together they whisked her off to the bliss of grand commerce.
“This is some bull. When did joy become so expensive?” Britney said.
“Oh, and Britney,” Morgan said, following behind, “I want a pair of those socks that old, black men wear when they're going to one of those parties where they play that R. Kelly stepping song.”
Kerou could only laugh at the exchange between her friends, but just as she started her leave with them, the voice of Principal O’Lanski caught her from behind. She turned and saw the man holding a box, hurrying up to her.
“Miss Karlrissian, I’m glad I caught you before you left.” He reached into the box and pulled out a small card. “Wouldn’t want you to leave without your $25 Christmas bonus Kmart gift card. Good for any online purchase or at one of the thousand locations nationwide.”
“Let me guess: Superintendent Boss got the store to sponsor our bonus this year?”
“You‘d be correct in that guess. I thought the lunchroom was supposed to help balance the budget but I guess not. Where all the money is going? I don’t know.”
“If only he could’ve gotten that big payout from catching that creature during the hunting trip up in Willow.” Kerou looked up at Principal O’Lanski with a big, coy smile. “Remember that night?”
Principal O’Lanski kept his face flat. “I have no recollection of that which you speak, but if I did, whatever matters that transpired were made in defective judgment and have absolutely no possibility of occurring again. Happy Holidays, Miss Karlrissian.” He turned to walk away.
“You know if you really feel that way, you would have already terminated the offending member’s employment by now.”
Principal O’Lanski stopped. “That’s, um... I— I need to deliver these last few cards before the staff leave.”
“Do you need some help? I don’t mind staying a few minutes longer.”
“No, go on ahead. You don’t wanna keep your friends waiting. They’re your ride, aren’t they?”
“I could catch a ride with you, couldn’t I?”
 Principal O’Lanski’s heart revved up and sent a trembling to his fingertips. As deeply as he had read the beauty of Kerou’s eyes in the moonlight, he delved far into her current words to seize the meaning below. The memory of the girl’s sugary scent and her angelic lips on that night had never left his mind, and the prospect of replaying such indecorous actions in the ease of his home was too much of a tease to bear. “Yeah... I could use some help.”
Kerou ran up to his side and together they walked the hall, smiling.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

The majestic quality of Mercury Mall's strolls seemed amplified by the holiday decor. Strings of bright lights on the storefronts, festive green wreaths and garland wrapped around the streetlamps, and the centerpiece of a gargantuan pine tree sporting ornaments in every color and a sparkling star at the top. In the enchanting atmosphere amongst the jovial patrons hauling bags and stacks of boxes through the packed avenues was Allie, Marc, Tomika, and Jayla who were walking through underground levels of the mall en route to one of the stores.
“So, what’s this Startica thing about, again?” Marc said.
“I’m glad you asked that, honeybabe,” Tomika said. She ran to a kiosk with a sign that said “Spontaneous Caroling Cart $20 Rental”, placed a $20 bill on the counter and picked up an acoustic guitar from the assortment of bells, horns, accordions, drums, and other instruments. She slung the guitar’s strap over her shoulder and gave it a strum. “Why just explain it when I can sing about it?” She opened her mouth and gave the guitar another strum but in place of a chord came a sharp pla-kink! She looked down and saw that two of the strings had snapped.
“Eh, sorry about that. Been a lot of spontaneous songs today,” said the vendor. “Can I interest you a banjo or a mandolin?”
Tomika’s smile flipped to a frown. “No, I’m good. The moment’s ruined.” She took the guitar off of her shoulders and gave it back to the man. Then, she snatched her money from the counter and stomped away to continue walking with Marc and Jayla.
Jayla chuckled. “What she would’ve sung is that Startica’s just something that we do for the winter solstice, Marc. It’s not a real holiday. I mean it’s kinda embarrassing to say but it’s something that my mom and I started doing when I was embarrassingly into anime. Like, way more than now.”
“Been there, Jay. I know the pain,” Allie said.
“Oh, okay, so it’s from a cartoon?” Marc asked.
“Basically. But our little party kinda took on a life on its own since those horrible fan-fiction-writing days. We’ve been doing it for five years and we do it just to kinda forget about all the bad stuff that happened over the year and look forward to the promise of good things to come. It’s a really casual thing, though. Nothing special.”
“But, oh, my goddess, what is special is this apple cake that her mom makes that is just so frakkin’ delicious,” Tomika said. “Like, seriously, it’s just beyond words. It’s just—” She threw her head back and moaned longingly.
“That good, huh?” Allie said.
“So good. I’d choose it over Marc without regrets.”
Marc sneered. “What? How could you seriously choose ten minutes with a dessert over any amount of time with me?”
“I’m sorry, Marc, but my lifelong love of cake trumps some guy I’ve been dating for half a year, no matter how handsome he is. I’m sorry but that’s just how it is sometimes.”
“Well, at least I finally know where I stand.”
“Trust me, after you taste it, you’ll be saying the same. That cake is life.”
“Apparently, it’s not good enough for Jina, though. It’s just not gonna be the same without her this year,” Jayla said.
Tomika scoffed. “Who needs her? More good-ass cake for us. Let her eat Pepper’s lame birthday cake if she wants to. Whatever.”
“Wow, I thought the holidays were supposed to be bringing out goodwill in people,” Marc said.
“Okay, first off: The holidays bring out anxiety in people. This is the time of year where people feel pressured to feel happy. And second off: cake. I don’t need to explain it.”
“If you’d like to try it, you can come over,” said Jayla. “You, too, Allie. My mom definitely wouldn’t mind.”
“Well, if this cake has the power to make me forsake my own family, that sounds like something I need an in with. Count on me there. But right now, work. I’ll see you asshats later.” Allie gave Tomika’s arm a soft punch and ran off to the Cruz Comic Shop.
“Later, A.,” Tomika called out.
“But just so we’re clear,” Marc said, “you are just joking about choosing that cake over me, right?”
Tomika stopped, folded her arms, cocked her head to the side, and stared straight up to Marc’s eyes. “What do you think?”
Marc knew there was no use in searching for a crack in her stone-like demeanor. He snapped his sight away from hers, and whispered, “Crap.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Meanwhile, in the food court, the custodian was tending to his daily rounds of sanitation, but it was not without equal parts of acrimony and exhaustion. The gloom in keeping the restrooms free of bodily scent, and the concession floors and counters rid of grime and the occasional pile of vomit, had not been much of a detriment to his confidence as his pride in his livelihood was drawn from devotion of supporting his family. It was more the constant sight of what he considered privileged citizens reveling in their gross opulence with no discernible remorse for those who drudged through menial labor for a pittance of compensation such as his that he took to his family in the modest parts of Northern State. He knew it would be barely enough to cover his bills, and the inability to provide holiday gifts for his family constantly plagued his thoughts. But he pushed through the chore to at least sustain the basics, and the impending time to clock out also drove him.
Then, the manager approached him, hurried with a red velvet jacket draped over his arm and a pair of black boots in the other. “Hey, Mr. Clean! Come here, I got a job for you.”
The custodian rolled his eyes. “It’s Walter... Walter Parks. I’ve worked here since before you became the manager, I think you’d give me the respect of calling me by my given name by now.”
“Well, how’s about I call you Santa instead.” He tossed Walter the jacket and boots. “The guy we got to play Santa Claus canceled. Get the fat suit out of storage and get in the chair outside of the west Macy’s before the kids piss themselves waiting.”
“But my shift is over. I’ve gotta get to my job at the school.”
“If you don’t want your other job to become your primary job, I suggest you put that suit on, get jolly and ask the kids what they want. And remember... always smile.” He plastered up a toothy grin. Then, he dropped it and made his leave.
Walter drew a deep breath and swallowed every inkling of calling quits to the servitude under the man. He took his cleaning cart back to the closet and slipped into the suit to take his place in the makeshift winter wonderland sitting in the center of the mall’s second level’s west side.
With a line of eager and screaming children already in waiting, he plopped down in the colossal golden throne and adjusted his faux stomach, all the while observing the plastic snow spread thick across the floor, the Styrofoam setting of a candy cane cabin and the artificial tree that smelled as if were close to burning. His patience and conscience were already spent, but he took the first child onto his knee and pushed a smile through the long, white costume beard putting an unbearable itch on his face.”Ho, ho, ho, little girl. What’s your name?”
“Can we sthkip the pleasthantries?,” the girl lisped through two missing front teeth. “Christmath is right around the corner and I’ve got a long list of sthuff that you better bring me.” She whipped out her mobile phone and cleared her throat. “Firstly, I want a BlackBerry Bold—”
“Isn’t that one in your hand, right now?”
“Thith is a 9000. It’s from last year. I need the new 9700 in pink. And don’t interrupth me.”
Walter rested his head in his hand and let the girl continue through her extensive list with hopes that his predetermined notions of these children would not be fulfilled, but through the dragging hours, they proved absurdly true.
“I want Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, Left 4 Dead 2, and Resident Evil: The Darkside Chronicles ‘cause I saw the monsters blow up in the commercial and it looked awesome,” said a child.
“I want a bra that shoots sparks like in the Lady GaGa 'Bad Romance' video. And I guess I’m gonna need boobs too, but can you make mine bigger than my sisters’?” said another child.
“I want my own show on the Disney Channel.”
“I want the new Snoop Dogg album, the Chris Brown album, the new Gucci Mane album, and the new Young Money album. I wanted 30 Seconds to Mars, but I already got it off the Internet and it had the version of ‘Hurricane’ with Kanye West, so I’m gonna keep that one instead. Do you think I should get Rihanna’s album, too?”
“I want Adult Swim to have a consistent line up for once, and I want Jim Carrey to acknowledge his career’s success to Keenan Ivory Wayans.”
“I want more followers on Twitter and friends on Facebook.”
“I want Creed to never think about reuniting ever again.”
“I want a limited edition 25th Anniversary Red Ryder carbine-action 200-shot-range model air rifle with a compass in the stock and this thing which tells time, but I want it to have a laser sight and some real bullets ‘cause this Mexican family just moved in down the street and they look like kinda ...’stealy’. Oh, and I want a Desert Eagle for my sister. She’s scared of the monsters under her bed.”
“I want my own show on Nickelodeon.”
“I want some Spreewells. The shoes, not the rims.”
“I want anatomically correct Twilight dolls, and new earbuds, and a guitar, and a new iPhone, and a new laptop, and a new flat-screen TV. The black isn’t deep enough in the one I got now. And I brought you some coupons ‘cause my daddy said it’s gonna cost a spit-load of money. But he didn’t say ‘spit’, he said shit, and my mom said not to say shit in front of me because I have an impressionable mind and I might start saying shit, but I told them I’m not gonna start saying shit.”
Walter rubbed the bridge of his nose with his forefinger and thumb to somehow soothe the pain surging behind his eyes. Then, another child hopped into his lap and shocked him into looking at her. She tossed a giant, pure grin up to him. “Ho, ho, whatever. What do you want?” Walter said.
“I just want people to say my name right. It’s supposed to be Eve-ree-yo-nay, but everyone keeps calling me ‘everyone’. I mean, yeah, it’s spelled like ‘everyone’, but it’s got an accent mark on the last ‘e’. It’s not that difficult.”
Walter sighed and, unable to look at the child, gave to her the same response he gave to all the others: “I’ll see what I can do.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Finally, the relief of the evening had come and Walter had begun a walk to the bus stop with the torrent of such questionably vapid requests still swirling in his head. He could understand the innocent belief in the magic of Santa Claus and his fabled ability to make any dream a reality, but the quality of their dreams worried him so, especially since he knew that some of the parents had the means to actualize the least of their desires. And another shot of that familiar bitterness bubbled up. The more he thought about the trivialities those children would receive while his deserving children got nothing, the colder his heart grew until it resonated a chill that echoed into the darkest corner of a castle set tall and sinister in the Hell Realm. And unbeknownst to him, the royal darkness inside had ears readily listening.
Walter put his hands in the pockets of his jacket and leaned up against the bus stop sign. He blew out a breath and watched the vapor dissipate amongst the glow of rushing headlights. But then, a black mist zipped out from an alley to take its place. Walter jumped back and swatted at the smoke, but it whisked around his hands before dashing straight for his back to slither inside his body. It felt as if a knife had just been thrust against his spine and the pain knocked him down to his knees. He clutched his skull, squeezed his eyes closed and tried to steady his breathing through the scraping in his veins.
“Give me your body. Let me destroy the Pretty Killers,” said a voice in Walter’s head. “And every dream you’ve ever had will be in your hands.”
“No! I don’t... want to. Aggghh!” Walter said. A stab came to his chest and left him quivering. “Fine! Fine, do it. Just make the pain stop.” He began to sob but, quickly, his body drained of any hurting, and a pleasurable rush coursed through him. He brought his head up and looked at his hands that were glowing red with long sparks of black. For once in a very long time, he felt strong.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

There could not have been a home in the Hills brimming with more cheer than the Cooke family’s where Jayla and Miyoung were working as hostesses to the gathering of Trecille, Doctor, Steffennie, Marc, Tomika and Allie who heartily indulged in the decorous but casual air scented with a loving perfume of freshly-baked apple pastries alongside a meal of loose-meat sandwiches and fries. They helped their selves to the dinner and dessert simultaneously and topped off their glasses with cider while mingling amongst the background noise of a movie on the television. The great room was decorated mostly for Christmas per the patriarch’s request, but the grand silver star of Startica hung iridescent in the front window, catching stains of moonlight and peeks of the tiny colored lights surrounding it.
“Oh, my God, Tre, you weren’t lying about this cake. This is good,” said Doctor. He could not bring forkfuls of the velvety dish to his mouth quick enough.
“I told you,” Trecille said, eating just as ravenously. “I don’t know how Miyoung does it, but it’s like she just puts pure orgasm into it.”
With full mouths, Marc and Allie murmured their approval.
Miyoung tittered. “I’m glad you all are enjoying yourselves.” She took a sip from her cup of tea.
“You’re not hungry, mama?” Jayla asked.
“Oh, no, I’m fine, sweetie. Thank you.”
Trecille eyed Miyoung as she brought her cup down to sit in both hands on her lap. Her knees were locked and her back was straight. She was facing the television but her gaze was well past the bottom corner of the screen.
“Tre, here.”
“Wha...?” Trecille slid her eyes to face forward and saw Doctor holding a piece of the cake inches from her face.
“Practice for this Friday,” Doctor said, grinning.
Trecille shoved out an uneasy laugh and took the bite. Then, she looked to Miyoung and saw her snapping her eyes away.
Doctor leaned over to give Trecille a kiss on her cheek. “I can’t wait for the wedding.”
“I, uh...” Miyoung put her cup on the table and stood up. “I just remembered. We’ve got some ice cream that can go with this. I’ll be right back.” She dashed away to the kitchen.
“Oh, wait, let me help you with that.” Trecille stood and followed after.
“You really think she needs help?” Doctor said.
“It’s called not being rude, Doc. God.” Trecille rolled her eyes and scoffed as she disappeared into the kitchen.
Miyoung loaded up a tray on the counter with a set of small bowls from the cupboard above.
“Miyoung, I am so, so sorry. Doc didn’t know; I didn’t tell him what you were going through.”
“Can you get the ice cream please?” Her voice was just above a whisper.
“I shouldn’t have even invited him. I wasn’t thinking.” Trecille opened the freezer and took out a carton of vanilla ice cream.
“It’s not you, Trecille. Really, it’s not. You deserve your happiness.” Miyoung took out an ice cream scooper from a drawer and went to the sink to turn on the hot water.
“But still, I—”
“It’s not you,” Miyoung said, holding the scooper under the stream. She bit her lip as a warm tingling flooded her face. “I just... I— God, keep it together, Miyoung,” she whispered to herself. She cleared a tear out of the corner of her eye with a finger. “I just didn’t expect Martin to act the way he did during the mediation.”
Trecille came to Miyoung’s side and put the ice cream carton on the counter. “What happened? What did he do?”
Miyoung dropped the utensil and held the edge of the counter as she burst into sobs difficult to keep subdued in sound. “He’s taking everything. I fought so hard, I really did. But he’s gonna get everything.”
“Oh, my God.” Trecille’s temper was making it difficult to keep her surprise at a whisper. “Tell me you’re at least getting custody and alimony?”
“Custody and just barely any alimony.” Miyoung wiped her eyes with the bottom of her palm. “I swear I don’t want to believe he would be so mean-spirited, but I would not be surprised if he paid off that attorney, because it’s just not fair. I just wanted the house and Jayla and he said ‘you can have the girl, but you ain’t gettin’ the house. That’s my name on the mortgage. You ain’t payed a dime.’”
“He actually said that?”
Miyoung nodded. “I didn’t want Jayla to have to move again. And where are we even gonna go? And how am I supposed to pay for anything?”
“No. No, Martin wouldn’t be like that. He’s gotta let you stay here until you can get on your feet. There’s no way he would put his only daughter out.”
“I don’t even know now. He wouldn’t even listen to me. I just don’t know what happened from twenty years ago. He just got so controlling, and it’s like he doesn’t even care about my feelings anymore. I’m just tired of feeling like his servant instead his wife.”
“Mama?”
Miyoung winced and dropped her head. She knew the delicate voice behind her was Jayla’s. “Dammit,” she whispered. She forced up a smile but did not turn around. “Yes, sweetie?” she said with a pleasant tone.
“Everything okay?”
“Mmm-hmm. We’ll be there in a second.” Miyoung picked up the scooper, grabbed the carton and went over to the tray of bowls to begin filling them.
“Well, I needed to rinse off my fork. I dropped it.”
“Oh, let me get that for you.” Trecille went to Jayla and took the fork from her hand. 
“Did you and daddy have another fight?”
Miyoung cleared her throat. “Why do you ask, sweetie?”
“I’m sorry... I just... I kinda overheard you when I came in. I’m sorry.”
“What did you hear, Jayla?”
“You said daddy was controlling. But you guys are gonna work it out like always, right?”
Miyoung paused. She felt another wave of that warm tingling in her head. “Jayla, I...”
Trecille looked at Miyoung. Seeing tears brew up on her face put a heaviness in her stomach.
Jayla’s heart raced faster the longer the silence lasted. “Mama, please say yes. You guys aren’t getting a divorce, are you?”
“Your father and I love you very much, Jayla...”
“Oh, God, no.”
“This has nothing to do with you, sweetie. It’s not your fault.”
“Oh, my God,” Jayla squeaked. She turned around and shoved the door open to run away.
Miyoung chased after. “Jayla, wait.”
In the great room, Tomika was standing at the dining table, serving herself another hefty helping of cake when her and Jayla’s shoulders locked in passing. Her half-eaten sandwich and fresh slice of dessert were jerked out of her hand and splattered on the table. “My Manwich!” Tomika cried.
The others perked up and watched Jayla scale the stairs in seconds with Miyoung following.
“Dude, what just happened?” said Allie.
“A travesty!” Tomika said.
“Calm down, child,” said Trecille as she came from the kitchen. “Didn’t you see Jayla’s heartbroken right now? She just found out her parents are about to get divorced.”
“Oh, my goddess, are you serious?”
“I knew it,” Marc said. “I could just tell. Her mom was acting the same way my mom did just before she and dad split.”
“Well, why didn’t you say something earlier? Now, I’m standing here lookin’ foolish and stuff,” Tomika said.
“I wasn’t sure. And how was I supposed to just throw that out there?”
“Hey, Ricky, Lucy, argue later. We’ve got two problems, here,” Allie said.  “Looks like there’s some stuff going down at the mall, too.”
Trecille and Tomika joined the others around the television. The movie had been interrupted for a special broadcast by Kia Sedona reporting on some sudden chaos at the scene of Mercury Mall. 
“Damn it,” Tomika said. She pulled her mobile phone from her pocket and ran to the front door.
“Be careful, coneja,” Trecille said.
Tomika gave a nod and exited the home to make a leap to the neighborhood’s rooftops and head downtown.
Doctor threw his face into his palms and dragged them down. “God, I feel like a jerk. Just throwing our wedding in your friend’s face like that. You think I should go apologize?”
Trecille sat next to Doctor. “She and Jayla need a little alone time. Let them talk this out.”
Allie settled back into her seat on the couch, but a glimmer by the food table put a stroke of dread in her and prompted her to sit up. She craned her neck to get a better view of what had caught her sight. “Aw, crap,” she muttered. She got up from her seat to walk over to the table.
“What’s the matter?” Marc asked.
Allie picked up the little green jewel resting by the table’s leg. “It’s Tomika’s dragon charm. It must’ve come off her bracelet when Jayla bumped into her. Come on, we gotta get it to her. She might need it.”
Marc stood up and met Allie at the front door where they both took  their coats from the adjacent closet.
“You two be careful, too. We don’t need any more devastation tonight,” Trecille said.
“We will, Ms. Cordova.” Marc and Allie went outside to take Marc’s car downtown.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

“I’m mad as hell and I’m not gonna take this anymore!” Walter screamed from atop the roof of one of the mall’s stores overlooking the panicking people in the ground level central square. “All of you trust-fund babies and ‘real housewives’ and wannabe celebrities, you all sicken me with your greed. You sit in your pretty houses in the Hills and do nothing but snort cocaine and party while people like me, who have worked three times as hard, this year, than you’ll ever do in your life, we get nothing! Well, not anymore! It ends tonight!” Walter’s raised his fist to initiate the transformation employing his newly acquired power. His muscles bulged over his body and a long, black and white beard grew from his chin down to his stomach. His leg bones gnarled to those of a goat. His coat morphed into a black jacket with a red belt and white fur around the wrists and his pants changed to those of the same design as the jacket. He threw up his claws and called large, thick walls of ice to rise up high around the perimeter of the mall. “Black Santa’s stealing Christmas this year,” he said in a gravelly hiss.
A black man below groaned and threw his hands up. “Well, that’s just great. That’s definitely gonna help all us brothers living in the Hills. The white people definitely won’t hang this stealing thing over our heads for the next decade. I swear we can’t do nothin’ in this neighborhood.”
Two red streaks careened into Black Santa’s ledge to blow him off of the roof. He landed on his feet and one hand, and looked up with his captives to see the Pretty Killers coming over the wall.
“You’re not stealing a thing, Saint Dick,” said Kayzi.
Minnie snorted and laughed. “’Saint Dick’. Good one, Kayzi.” She and Kayzi dropped down and hit the roofs of the boutiques first to lead the charge to the enemy two streets over. Minnie held her shotgun up and fired a round alongside Kayzi’s shots from her guns. Black Santa leaped to the left and dodged the girls’ attacks, but was struck by an arrow sent from Jakkie. The hit put him on a path flying through the glass of storefront behind him but he dug his claws into the floor and slowed his skidding.
While Mimi was joining the girls at the store, Honeybee was at the ice wall with her whip ready. She gripped the handle with both hands and converted it to the hammer mode. She lit up the mallet with crackles of electric blue and swung it into the blockade to shake it down to a pile of rubble. As the resulting quake subsided, the people rushed to escape but the seemingly benign boulders shook for a bit and cracked open to hatch translucent soldiers with rifles armed with bayonets. The faceless troops rushed to stop the people in their path and a new wall began began to stack. “Looks like I’m gonna need a little more muscle,” Honeybee said to herself. She pulled her hat’s goggles down to her eyes, and cried, “Pretty Moonlight Tide!” 
Honeybee stretched her hand up and pulled from the clouds a great rush of water. Then, she brought her arm down and directed the torrent to the soldiers. The soldiers put their weapons into one hand and raised the other to make the water curve back around, freeze, and fly back to Honeybee with citizens in the crossfire. Honeybee jumped in front of the screaming people and attempted a hit on the ice with her hammer, but the blow did nothing and she was met with the full force of the attack. Her flight backwards was cut short on impact with a tree. The people winced.
Jakkie gasped. “Oh, no.” She flew down to Honeybee and took her by the hand to help her back to her feet. “Oh, my God, are you okay?”
Honeybee lifted her goggles up to her forehead. “Yeah. Just got a little wind knocked out out of me.”
Jakkie picked up Honeybee’s hat and handed it to her. “Looks like you got a little blood knocked out of you too.”
Honeybee reached to the back of her head and ran her fingers across a sticky spot in her hair. She brought her hand back around to look at the red and put her hat back on. “I’ll live. Come on, we’ve gotta stop those things.”
The soldiers were taking the purchases and obliterating them before the people’s eyes, but Honeybee and Jakkie were coming up quickly to put a stop to it. Jakkie jumped into flight and launched a series of fiery arrows through the fighters’ chests. The ice quelled the flames. Then, the soldiers raised their rifles to retaliate. Jakkie waved her hand and commanded a slab of stone out of the ground to shield her during her soaring down into the troops. The bullets perforated the rock and scraped her skin. Still, she pushed through the stings and burns of the projectiles until she had come nearly face to face with a group of the ice-men. “Pretty Cloud Hop High Kick!” A cloud formed below her that she drove her foot down into. Pink light shone from it and bounced her back up to let her flip backwards and deliver a kick to the chin of one of the soldiers. The blow sent its head off its shoulders like a rocket. She landed on both feet and flung what was left of her shield into a group of the approaching men. It halved them like a power saw through a plank of wood, and the bodies hit the floor before turning into snow. “Holy crap! Honeybee, did you see that?! Rock’s their weakness!”
Honeybee dropped a punch into the face of a soldier. Then, she thrust her foot back to kick another, and she swung her hammer into two more that had come to her side. The attacks did not result in any kills, but it was the best her fighting could do. Honeybee turned from her battles to see the strip made in the infantry by Jakkie. “Well, don’t that beat all.”
Jakkie loaded three arrows with stone heads in her bow. “Let’s rock and roll.” She flew up, dodged a few bullets, and sent the arrows through the soldiers’ chests. They were knocked onto their backs and turned to powder.
Honeybee changed her hammer back to a whip and ran back into the fray of bullets, evading them as best as she could. She commanded a chunk of rock to fly out of the ground. Then, she gave her whip a snap to the side, and the cracker at the end of the body caught the rock to hold it at the end of the weapon. She swung her whip and the tip cut through the necks of the soldiers with ease. They collapsed and splashed out to the snow. She and Jakkie were an unstoppable wave of pierces and slashes, and in a matter of a minute, the entire lot of offenders was vanquished.
“All right, now let’s Reagan this wall and go help the others,” said Honeybee. Jakkie nodded and loaded her bow. She flew up and fired three arrows that buried into the ice. They burst into an explosion and sent cracks through the structure. Honeybee, with as much strength as she could put behind a fist, punched the wall and brought it crumbling down again. As the people climbed over the large remnants, Honeybee and Jakkie ran towards the stores. Rumblings and crashes echoed from them. Billows of smoke and dust hung over them.
In the grocery aisles of a department store, Mimi, Minnie and Kayzi were punching, slashing and shooting with it all coming to no accomplishment against the villain. Minnie dug her quarterstaff into the ground and vaulted herself into a flying kick directly for Black Santa’s face, but he wrapped his beard around her ankle and whipped her through the glass door of a freezer. She grabbed the frame of the door and pushed herself back onto her feet to get back to the fight. Mimi slashed at Black Santa with her sword and he slinked out of harm. She slashed again and he dodged again. She slashed and he dodged. All down the aisle she swung at his smug grin that grew wider the more his evasion frustrated her. His smile snapped to a horrified scream when a barrage of shots from Kayzi’s guns hit him from behind. Mimi furthered his surprise with a punch to the chin that lifted him completely up into the ceiling. A glow shone out and he came back down to smack flat on his stomach on the floor. Mimi reared her leg up and stomped down on his head. And again. And again. And again. Black Santa’s face began to dig a crater into the floor. Minnie switched her quarterstaff to the shotgun and aimed at his back to shoot. The blast rung through the entire the store and splattered smoky, black fluid across the freezer doors. But out of the wound, oily fists burst and punched both Mimi and Minnie off of their feet. They sailed out of the aisle and crashed into a wall of shelves holding glassware.
“Pretty Burning Kiss!” Kayzi cried. She put her forefinger and middle finger to her lips. Then, she blew a kiss that sent forth a dense wall of red fire that engulfed the entire aisle. The oily arms stretched through the blaze and snatched Kayzi up by the neck to slam her down onto the floor. Out of the fire came the rest of Black Santa’s body. He fell on top of her to pin her and jammed his knee into her stomach. She screamed, but the cry was cut short with a punch to the cheek that dislodged a tooth. Black Santa raised her hand to make another strike and his wrist caught an arrow. He looked at the object and it exploded, obliterating his whole hand. Kayzi kicked the man-beast off of her and he landed on his feet to  begin charging back to the girl, but he found himself restrained by the vines of Mimi and Honeybee.
Minnie and Jakkie took Kayzi by the hands and helped her up to standing. “You good? Can you still fight?” Jakkie asked.
Kayzi spat out a glob of blood and pressed her tongue into the space where her top left incisor once hung. She pulled her guns out of their holsters. “Let’s send this bastard on a trip to Hell.”
The three girls ran straight for Black Santa, and just as he tore himself free from Mimi’s and Honeybee’s bondage, Jakkie threw a ball of fire at the ground between him and their selves. Then, she threw a ball of water and a veil of steam erupted. Black Santa took in a deep breath to blow the fog away, but before he could clear it, Kayzi came flying high through the gray with her guns proceeding her. She pulled the triggers and fired directly into his eyes. His face split open and dark, viscous fluids sprayed forth while his whole body flew past Mimi and Minnie and into the damaged wall. Honeybee held her hammer aloft, and, when she arrived at Black Santa, she swung at his body like a club to a golf ball. The whack drove him through the wall, through the alley wall behind the store, and into a wooded area.
“Splinter Kill!” Honeybee cried and spikes of wood thrust from the tree behind Black Santa, tearing large holes through his chest that poured out more of his black blood.
At the wall’s opening, Mimi changed her sword to the rifle and took aim. Minnie stood at her side with her shotgun ready. Kayzi pointed her guns and Jakkie loaded three arrows. “Fire!” said Mimi. Streams of purple, red, pink, and yellow energy twisted together into one assault that lit up the woods with an accompanying boom that could be heard for miles.
As the echo subsided the girls kept their eyes on the tree and found it to be left as a smoldering stick, but, to their joy, it was the only thing there. “We did it,” Mimi said softly. She perked up to a laugh. “We did it! He’s gone.” The other girls blew sighs of relief and joined Mimi in her chuckling.
“Holy crap, that was a tough one,” said Jakkie.
“Yes. A tough one indeed.”
The girls’ hearts skipped and the blood in their faces drained down into their bodies. The voice behind them cut right through their stomachs and left them sour. Slowly, they all turned and saw Black Santa standing ever smugly without a scratch on his body.
“Oh, you gotta be kiddin’ me,” Mimi said.
“It’s a good thing I cloned myself when you punched me up into the ceiling. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to do this!” Out of the ceiling dropped five copies of Black Santa. They all ran forth at a quick clip to partner with a Pretty Killer and wrap their arms around them. Then, they shoved their fangs into the girls shoulders. The girls screamed and struggled to break free, but the more they moved the weaker they grew. Their eyes fell heavy and their last sight before closing was the lone Black Santa cackling.
As the Black Santa copies finished siphoning the girls’ energy, the original Black Santa began to enlarge. Rings of light drew up his body as his size quickly became too much for the store to hold. He broke through the roof and stretched up to the sky, reducing many of the stores in the strip to rubble and frames. People passing on roads bordering the mall’s perimeter stopped and gasped at the towering behemoth as he let his thunderous laugh go over the area. He reached down to scoop the girls up out of the wreckage. “Do you see this, Queen City? Your precious heroes are no more.” He cast the girls out of his hand and their limp bodies crashed down in the central square’s snow. “Everything you once held dear, it is mine, now. This whole city is mine!” He laughed and began stomping on the stores, his feet punching holes down to the underground levels.
The rumbling from Black Santa’s steps shook Marc’s car as he came to a stop on a street outside the mall's parking garage exit. He and Allie got out of the car and stood with fear burning their guts. Task force helicopters swooped in and fired their Gatling guns but the bullets bounced off of the body of the monster matching height with the city’s skyscrapers. He swatted the aircraft out of the sky and spat corrosive fluid on the armored vehicles arriving below. The missiles they were toting exploded before they could be launched.
Allie balled her hands up into fists and clenched her teeth. “Dammit, this is all your fault!” She climbed back into the car, grabbed Marc’s arm to yank him down onto the driver’s seat and punched him in the chest. 
Marc kicked out a wail and a wince.
Allie grabbed the lapels of Marc’s coat and stared down at him. “Why didn’t you listen to me?! I told you to take Toledo Road! I said to run the red lights! Why didn’t you listen to me?” 
“I drove as fast as I could go, Allie. I did my best.”
“But it wasn’t good enough! We could’ve got here faster. ...We could’ve...” Allie’s grip loosened. She bit her lip and turned away as tears slipped from her eyes. “We could’ve saved them.”
A green glow ignited directly over Allie’s heart and radiated brightly through her coat’s fabric. Allie wiped her eyes and reached into her coat to pull the shimmering gem from her pocket. She slid into the passenger’s seat and held it in both of her hands.
Marc kept his focus on the jewel as he twisted around in his seat to sit up straight. “You think that’s good news?”
“God, I hope so.”
The jewel flew from Allie’s hands to the back seat and bounced on the cushion up to the headliner where it sent out a halo. From the circle dropped dropped a young girl wearing a white kimono decorated with gold flowers. The shine on the jewel died down and it fell into the girl’s hands.
Allie's eyes widened and she raised an eyebrow. “Um, hi...?” she said. “You wouldn’t happen to be that dragon princess daughter, would you?”
The girl looked out through the window and panic painted her glassy eyes watching the rampage. She looked to Allie. “Isoginasai. Watashitachi wa ikanakereba naranai.” She scrambled to the door and pushed it, but it struck her quizzical that it did not move. She pushed it again.
“Oh, wait, let me get that.” Allie got out of the car and went to the back door to open it. She took the little girl’s hand and helped her slide out of the seat to stand on the street.
The girl put her hands at her side and bowed to Allie. Then, she grabbed Allie’s hand and clutched the bottom of her kimono to lift the fabric out of the way of her feet way as she began to run towards the mall, pulling Allie with her. A spiral of gold light materialized and swirled high before them. The girl jumped and pulled Allie up into the lights in the sky.
“Wait, what are we— Holy crap!” Allie screamed. She looked back at the street growing distant and saw the rings through which they had just passed bursting into sparks. She looked forward to the end of the spiral, and as she and the girl passed through it, the girl’s body elongated into that of a dragon’s. Sparkles rained down like fireworks as the serpentine creature stretched out of it, and a tingling ran with the whipping wind through Allie’s body. She marveled at the girl’s transformation, running her hands along the smooth bed of fur on which she was now sitting. Then, her surprise switched to the gift of a new outfit on her: a green and white, hooded vest with a line of gold buttons going down it; a pair of black pants with an auburn-colored belt wrapped around the top, buckled by a gold flower; white, knee-high boots with gold laces, soles, and heels; and slung over her shoulder and chest was a strap attached white sheath holding a sword on her back. She stood up and laughed. “This is so freakin’ awesome. 
“I am Tatsushoujo Kaiju,” said a gentle voice in Allie’s head. “I will be happy to grant you my magic to protect your home.”
“Oh, dude, you know English?” Allie said.
“I speak your native language through the shared sanctity of our minds. It is how I felt your desire to defeat the creature below.”
Allie reached to her back to unsheathe her sword. “All right, Kaiju, let’s go save the city.”
Citizens fleeing on foot turned and pointed. People in cars craned out through their windows. All eyes were locked on Kaiju as she sailed over to Black Santa and spat a great stream of pure, bright energy into his lower back to blow a hole through to the other side. The sight worked as the most wondrous balm to the tension on the hearts of the people. It put up awestruck smiles to stretch across their faces and cheers as strong as waves crashing on a stormy sea soon followed. Allie gripped her sword with both hands and held it above her head as Kaiju drove straight for the cavity. “Godai Kasai! Byakuren Fushichou!” A white flame roared up high from the blade, and it sliced through the chest and head of Black Santa. His cry could be heard for well across the city as his halves parted from each other.
“Now, let’s end this asshole!” Allie threw her sword up into the night. “Tsuki no Ie!” she cried, and from the sword came a vast, blueish-white ring. The sword dropped back into Allie’s hand as Kaiju soared up into the ring. When she emerged from the other side of the halo, her fur had become a silvery white and her red hair was now black. She curled around to face the circle and through its scope was Black Santa. “Godai Sora! Seirei Arashi!” Allie lifted her sword above her head and ran along Kaiju’s back. Then, she leaped from her head down into the halo and swung her sword down. The ring shattered into hundreds of shards that hailed down on Black Santa, each bringing a sharp cutting on its explosion against his body. From the feet up to the halves of the head, every part was met with the series of burning shimmers kicking up smoke before the entire mass blew up into flecks as harmless as the snow, leaving Water’s body hanging high. The resounding crack of the explosion and the final cry fading were all that were left of Black Santa.
Walter’s slack and smoking body fell to plop down in a mass of snow.
Allie landed on her feet and put her sword back in its sheath. She ran to the Pretty Killers in the central square and knelt down beside Mimi to press her middle finger and forefinger to the girl’s neck. She felt a soft thump and smiled. She gave Mimi’s shoulder a shake. “Mimi. Mimi, wake up.”
Slowly, Mimi’s eyes opened to a blurry doubled vision, but the mass of red hanging above her was unmistakable. “Allie?”
Allie pulled her vest's hood back. “Hey, sleepyhead. You okay?”
Mimi blinked a couple of times to bring her sight into focus. “Oh, no! Oh, my goddess! Black Santa. We have to stop him.” She snapped up onto all fours and crawled to Kayzi to shake her body. “Kayzi, wake up!”
“Mimi! Mimi, calm down,” Allie said. “It’s taken care of.” She gestured to Kaiju floating up above the square. “She let me use her dragon magic to destroy him.”
Mimi looked up and her mouth dropped open. “You used the gem?”
Allie nodded. “Yeah. You dropped it at the house, so I came to bring it to you, but when I got here you were all laying here. Then, Kaiju showed up and gave me these magical powers.”
“Wait... wait, am I dreaming?” Mimi rubbed her eyes and re-examined Allie’s clothes. “Like, is this seriously for real? You used the dragon gem and defeated the Black Santa guy?”
“I couldn’t have done it without Kaiju. And it was so freakin’ cool, too. I wish you could’ve seen us doing all these acrobatics and stuff. I swear I feel so awesome.”
Mimi laughed and tackled Allie into a hug down into the snow. “Oh, my goddess, best Startica ever!”
“Wow, a hug from you? That’s a new one.”
Kayzi sat up and rubbed her head. “Wha— what’s going on? Where’s the Santa guy?” Honeybee, Jakkie, and Minnie began to stir from their sleep.
“She destroyed him,” Mimi said. “She used the dragon gem.”
“Wait, Al—” Kayzi held her tongue and searched the vicinity for any close ears. The cheering citizens were quickly approaching from the outer streets. “Allie?” she mouthed.
Mimi nodded and hugged Allie again. “Does this mean you wanna join the team?”
“Of course. I’ve always wanted to fight with you guys.”
“But I thought you were afraid of fighting alongside us because you had a deep-seated fear of dying stemming from your mother passing when you were a kid,” Kayzi said.
“I mean, yeah, crap like that stays with you, but what better way to deal with it than murdering baddies? Like I’ve said, the only thing that kept me from joining was I needed to help my dad. And when Honeybee joined, I didn’t wanna just butt in on her turf. She was a great addition.”
“Oh, thank you,” Honeybee said.
“That’s why I took the job at the mall. You guys didn’t need me,” Allie said. “But if you guys’ll have us, Kaiju and I would love bein’ a part of the Pretty Killers.”
Kaiju glowed and turned into a ribbon of light that spiraled down to Allie’s side. She changed back into her human form and put her hands at her side to bow to Mimi. “Hel... ro, princess,” she said carefully. “I am Tatsushoujo Kaiju. In heart, I feel it love from she to you..., and I help.”
“Her English is better when we communicate mentally,” Allie said to Mimi. She turned to Kaiju. “But that was way better than I could do speaking your language. No amount of anime could help me with that.”
“Anime?” Kaiju said.
“We’ll talk later.”
Mimi chuckled. “Thank you, Kaiju. Your help is much appreciated.” She turned to Allie. “And what about you, red? What should we call you?”
Allie shrugged. “We’ll think of something.”
As the crowd circled around the Pretty Killers, a woman broke from the group to come to Walter’s side. She dug into the snow and cleared it away from around him. Then, she slipped her hand under his head to lift it. “Walter! Walter, please say something.”
Walter’s eyes opened gently. “Stacy,” he whispered, his voice raspy. “Stacy, I just wanted you and the kids to have a good holiday. I just wanted to give you what you all deserved. I’m sorry. Tell the kids I’m sorry.”
“But what happened? How did you turn into that monster?”
Walter’s eyes closed. His head slumped.
“No... No, Walter, please! Please wake up!” Stacy’s begging fell into sobbing. She put her head on his chest and felt nothing. No breath. No pulse. But then, she felt a strike across her back. She looked up and felt another.
People in the crowd were jeering and tossing snowballs. “How can you cry over that jerk? He destroyed everything. He ruined our Christmas,” said a person.
“We worked hard for our money, and then he judged us like we were criminals,” said another.
“He deserved to die!” The crowd shouted their agreement.
“Enough!” Mimi said. She and the girls came to stand between Stacy and the accusers. “What the hell is wrong with you all? The woman is obviously hurting and you guys care more about your stuff than her feelings? In what sick, sad, jackass backwards world do you think that is okay?”
“But the gifts that we bought tonight, they’re all gone because of that man. I don’t know about these guys, but I don’t have the money to buy more. What am I supposed to tell my kids?”
“You tell them that you love them,” Jakkie said. “Of course that feeling of opening gifts from your loved ones is one unlike any other, but sometimes life throws us curve balls that keep us from getting the things we want. Whether it’s a mall-destroying monster or you’re just flat broke, if it seems like everything you’ve done for your kids all year isn’t enough to show them that you love them and the only way they know you care is through electronics and designer clothes, then maybe there’s something wrong.”
“We know all of you have the best intentions, and you just wanna give the people you love the things you couldn’t have when you were kids, but the first thing you’ve got to give them is a sense of priority,” Kayzi said. “If you’re only bringing in $2000 a month, don’t spend a quarter of that on jeans that are just as good as a $20 pair from a department store. Kids are dreamers and the worst thing to do is to take away their spirit, especially during the holidays, but there comes a time when you’ve got to be real with them. Money doesn’t just come out of nowhere for most of us. Yes, Queen City is a very affluent city, but I know for a fact that most of you are struggling to keep this zip code on your mail. Guys, face it: We’re in a recession.”
“She’s right,” said one of the citizens. “I’ve had to mortgage my house twice to keep the family business in operation, but these times are tough. People just don’t wanna go into a sex shop when they can get their porn on the Internet.”
“Yeah, and I’ve only got a house in the Hills because of one of those Obama programs. I’m a writer, so you know I’m broke.”
“There’s nothing wrong with wanting to live comfortably and being able to buy the stuff you want whenever you want,” Minnie said. “But until you can get to that point without risking the necessities, there’s no shame in having to celebrate Recession Christmas.”
“Or whatever holiday you wanna celebrate,” Honeybee said. “The holidays are about comin’ together and being happy with family and friends.”
“Kinda hard to do that when my husband’s dead.” Stacy said.
“Our superheroes are right,” said a citizen. “We may have lost our gifts and our city’s main tourist attraction, but let’s look on the bright side: At least we’re not dead!” The people cheered.
“No, guys, seriously, not cool,” Mimi said.
“Come on, let’s gather around the tree and celebrate not being dead,” said another citizen.
Mimi turned to Stacy. “I am so, so sorry about that. That’s not what we were getting at. We were not trying to devalue your loss.”
Stacy sighed. “I know. It’s not your fault. Some rich people are still assholes even when they’re broke.”
The citizens joined hands in a circle around the tall pine tree and swayed to the tempo of a slow melody they were humming.

“There’s a chemical smell in the air,  but we hope it’s not too toxic
‘Cause there’s oil aflame over there, and it’s spreading to flammable boxes.
Oh, our mall is destroyed and we have no more toys
Though we could just shop at the stores down the street
Our girls and our boys are bound to make noise
But they should be thankful for shoes on their feet

‘Cause third-world countries don’t have the joy 
of water that’s clean and clear
Christmas is in a recession, this year.”

“Mom, I want an iPod.”
“Well, you’re getting cassettes, instead, my dear.”
“Dad, I’d like an XBOX.”
“Can you settle for day-old bagels and shmear?”
“‘Cause we’re broke as a joke at the end of our rope 
And collectors hardly care
They’ve threatened a lien and a seize of our assets 
Til all we’ve got left is our hair

So, if you want a house to piss in, children, we’ll make this clear
Christmas is in a recession, this year

Our bank accounts’ closed and our stocks are all froze
We can’t afford to pay attention
But one thing more cheap than an stripper’s old weave
Is the love of your friends and family
We’ve got a confession, we’re in a recession
But we’re still filled with glee
We’ll water down drinks, wash our clothes in the sink 
And cancel the cable TV

“It’s not that you’ve been bad, my son,
this year’s just been mighty tough.”
“And I hope you understand, my daughter,
That we don’t have money for stuff.”
“So, screw Kris Kringle, we’ll collect all our singles 
Like that Greatest Hits album from Britney Spears
That you’ll never see up under the tree 
Cause Santa’s not coming to visit, we fear

But don’t you fret and cry, my child, it won’t always be this severe
We hope to have a better new year
No, don’t you fret and cry, my child, it won’t always be this severe
We hope to have a happy new year.”

“I mean next year can’t be more crappy than this one, right?”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Those royal ears in the darkest and most sinister corner of the Afterworld, they were with eyes, and they were watching through a glow in shadows, caring not for the people, or the fallen man, or any of the destruction laid. They were only fixed on Mimi.
“My queen,” a woman said, “the beast formed by possession of a shade proved to be a challenge to the princess, as you presumed. And if not for luck, she would have surely been vanquished.”
“Yes. But I’m more than sure that she is capable of giving us a better show than whatever that pathetic display was. She’s way better than that, and once the rift permits, we will send forth another shade to let her prove that.”
The woman snickered. “I could not agree more, my queen.”




Chapter Twenty-Two
December


The 25th of December.
To most of the city, it was Recession Christmas morning. And in other corners, maybe someone’s recession birthday. Or maybe some other nondescript occasion, but to Trecille, there could be no celebration taking place on the day more special than the one that she and Doctor were sharing. It was their wedding day.
Trecille had been dreaming of this day for nearly 22 years and as only hours away was the reality of her standing before her family and her creator in raiment as immaculate as the gathering of little, white crystals coating the world around her, fresh from their fall from the sky, her mind was speeding through every detail that could chance a happening. As quick as her thoughts, she zipped around the kitchen. From the stove, where she tended to a pan on each burner, to the sink, where she scrubbed grime from a stack of dishes, to the floor and counters where she ensured sanitation by use of sponge, mop, and brand-name solvent.
In sleepwear, Tomika and Jina strolled into the kitchen with Willow following at their feet. “Good morning, mamí,” Jina said.
Trecille popped up from behind the island with a sharp scowl on. “Hey! Is that little thing’s feet clean? I swear I just cleaned over there, and if he just tracked the poop in here, I’m-a put him out on the freeway.”
“Of course his feet are clean. I always make sure my sweetie-boo is at his most pristine.”
“Yeah, whatever.” Trecille crawled to the doorway and scrubbed the tiles furiously.
“Mom, you’re not, like, nervous, are you?” Tomika said as she searched the refrigerator.
“What would you give you that idea?”
“’Cause this milk smells suspiciously lemony fresh.” Tomika took a bottle of brand-name solvent from the refrigerator.
Trecille slowed her scrubbing. “Of course I’m nervous. Why wouldn’t I be nervous? I want this day to be perfect, but all I can think about is everything that can go wrong. I mean when has anything ever gone smoothly for us? The Halloween party, the trip to Japan, Thanksgiving, Startica, your first day of school, all those other adventures? It seems like ever since you got your little powers, our lives can’t go one week without some sort of half-hilarious conflict and crap. It’s like we live in a damn TV show or... some other thing. I swear I barely got twenty minutes of sleep last night thinking about all that mess, so I’m just trying to keep my mind occupied.”
Tomika hopped and snatched a box of cereal from off the top of the refrigerator. “Aw, chill, mom. You know Ms. di Stacci’s got it under control. She’s gonna make sure stuff goes as smooth as the back of a book cover.”
Trecille eased herself back up to her feet. “I wish I could believe that, coneja, but— Hey! What the hell are you doing?”
Tomika stopped and looked at the box in her hands. “What? What am I doing?”
“I know yo’ ass ain’t about to pour a bowl of cereal when there’s sausage and stuff sittin’ on the stove. Girl, you better get you some of that food.”
“But I wanted some cereal. This is Christmas-themed Crunch Berries. What day other than today would it be apropos to eat these?”
“I got up at, like, 5 AM and made all those goddamn pancakes. You better eat that food.”
“All right, fine. Jeez.” Tomika put the box on the counter and went to the sink to pick up one of the dishes by it.
“Hey! What’s the matter with you? Don’t use those dishes. I just washed those dishes.”
“Well, what the heck am I supposed to eat on then? You want me to peck at the stuff in the pan like I’m a bird or something?”
Trecille threw her hands up and stormed out of the kitchen, grumbling in Spanish.
Tomika sneered. “Rude,” she said under her breath.
“Shut up!” Trecille shouted, stomping up the stairs.
Jina snickered as she finished quartering an apple. She put the pieces into a bowl and placed it in front of Willow. “Don’t take it personal. You know that’s just how some people get when they’re about to get married.”
“I’m aware.” Tomika put one of the pancakes in her hand and placed a sausage on it. “But that crap is exactly why I’m not gonna have a wedding. All that ceremony stuff is unnecessary.”
Jina groaned and rolled her eyes as she sat in a chair at the island. “You would be one of those girls. What, you think the whole institution of marriage is an archaic load of crap?”
“I’ve got nothing against marriage. I just think don’t think it’s necessary to have a big Disney Princess—trademark—wedding to say you love someone. If you love a person, you don’t have to say it in front of a hundred people. You just love them.” She took a bite of her pancake-wrapped sausage link.
“That is such a pseudo-feminist thing to say. Weddings are a beautiful tradition. They’re a celebration of the most powerful and magical force in the universe, and for that one special moment, it’s just—”
“Yeah, yeah, coast of California. Whatevs. I got how important weddings were to you from when Pepper moved in.”
“Yeah... speaking of that, let me ask you something, Tomika.” Jina took another apple from a bowl beside her and kept her eyes on the fruit as she spun it by its stem just above the counter. “How do you feel about mamí getting married? Are you totally super-100% okay with it?” She looked up at Tomika.
“Yeah, sure. I like mom and Doc together. They sorta remind me of the Monarch and Dr. Girlfriend from Venture Bros. They got that old-school kind of love where it looks like they hate each other ‘cause they argue about little stuff, but in the end, they hug it out and have relations that I never wanna hear about.” She took another bite of her food.
Jina looked down at the apple. “I only ask ‘cause Pepper kinda confessed to me how she wished she had said something when her dad and Felicia got married. You know, like how she wasn’t really comfortable with it?”
Tomika swallowed her food. “Understandable. I mean can you imagine having a step-mother that’s almost ten years older than you? It’s just eugghhh.” She shuddered. “But with Doc, I will admit that when he and mom started seeing each other, I was like ‘oh, my goddess, can this dork just go home? Please?’ But seeing how happy he makes her makes me happy. And it’s not like I don’t love mom, or I’m not protective of her. You know I am. And it’s not like I’m not sorta-kinda leery about some new guy in our space 24/7, but it’s just that only recently did that gap between ‘your mother’ and ‘our mother’ close, so it’s like I’m more willing to accept this kind of change. I’ve been dealing with a lot of changes the past few years, so adapting is something that I’ve gotten used to. So, it’s like in this situation, it’s more about what you feel because the normal that you know is changing way more than my sense of normal, you know? You kinda get what I’m saying?”
Jina nodded. “I understand. But I don’t think my feelings count any more than yours in a matter like this. If you feel weird about this, go ahead and say it.” The apple snapped from its stem and hit the counter.
“Of course I feel weird. Mom feels weird, too. You saw her just a minute ago. But there’s cause to feel weird. This isn’t just about making sure the fairy tale ending goes off without a sitch. This is the beginning to a whole new chapter, a whole new story, a whole new world by Peabo Bryson and Regina Belle. And beginnings are always kinda scary. But if mom’s ready to let love be her guiding light, then go ahead and read the book in the dark or something. I don’t know. It’s too early to think of romantic quotes.”
“But just because mom’s ready, that doesn’t mean you have to be ready.”
“This is all kinda new to all of us, so we’re all working our way through it a step at a time, but Doc’s a good guy, so I think there’s nothing to worry about. But if he does do anything to screw up, I’ll kill him. Simple as that.
“I’m serious, Tomika.”
Tomika chuckled as she pulled a knife from the freshly-washed dishes. “Oh, light-skin, you don’t know how serious I am.”
“So, you’re okay?”
“With the wedding? Yeah, sure. Mentally? Can’t really say at the moment. But what about you?”
“Oh, yeah, of course, no question. I want mamí to be happy, too. After all she’s done for us, she deserves to feel like high royalty for a day.” Jina looked down at the apple she was passing between her hands. “I’m glad she found somebody who’ll treat her like that everyday.”
Tomika took another pancake from the stack on the stove and held it aloft. “Here’s to the queen.”
Jina held her apple up and smiled. “To the queen.”

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Up a road with a humble slope was the church. The building was not a sizable thing, but its being on a hushed street in the thick solitude of a little forest sporting icicles and a stainless dusting on its trees’ bare branches gave it an intimacy that was undoubtedly charming. The sparkle they threw off was mesmerizing, appearing as if diamonds were strewn above the path and hanging only in ornamentation for the honorable couple’s impending union.
Paparazzi were perched nearby, focusing not on the scenery but the arrival of a series of classic-body town cars pulling into the back lot to deliver the guests, hoping that in one of those vehicles would be the opportunity for some rare, candid shots of Anastacia di Stacci. Their hopes heightened as the spectacle of a white and gold horse-drawn stagecoach rolling down the road as the tail of the procession befell. But alas, alack, only Tomika; Jina; Steffennie and the protegé, the bride, were inside.
“Okay,” Tomika said, “I know I was pissing on Disney Princess—trademark—weddings earlier, but now that I’m luxuriating in this legit, classical dignitary treatment, I could get behind this kind of thing. These seats got a girl feelin’ all ‘royal we’ and whatnot.”
“I’m glad at least you’re enjoying yourself, coneja. I swear I’m so nervous, I’m shaking like a Polaroid picture, and the bumpy ride and the weather ain’t helping none,” Trecille said. She pulled tissues out of her purse and stuffed them into her armpits.
Steffennie grabbed Trecille’s hands and pulled them down to her lap. She held them and stared into the woman’s jumping eyes. “There’s nothing to worry about, Ms. Cordova. Ms. di Stacci has gone out of her way to make sure that everything is perfect. Just take a deep breath, okay? Breathe in...”
Trecille sharply sucked in a helping of air and puffed out her cheeks.
“And slowly let it out.”
With a sputtering, Trecille’s exhaled and her cheeks went back to their regular shape.
“Feel better?” Steffennie said.
“No,” Trecille whined. “And it feels like I messed up my lipstick. And I feel like I’m gonna do somethin’ to screw the whole thing up. Like fart, or throw up, or say ‘I do’ at the wrong time.”
“Mom, you met this man after a car crash on a night where you passed out at a restaurant because you overdid it a bit on drugs for a condition that made you shed hair and sneeze blood,” Tomika said. “You could turn into a frakkin’ leprechaun at the alter and it wouldn’t matter because this man loves you. He’s in love with you. He’s literally saying he doesn’t want another woman but you for the rest of his life, and speaking as someone who has lived with you, I can attest that committing to something like that is some serious stuff. So, if things go smoothly today: great. But if they don’t, you’re still getting a guy who can’t wait to share a name, and a life, and every up and down with you. All of this stuff today will make a nice memory, but the best has yet to come.”
The carriage came to a stop.
“D’awwww, oh, my God, coneja! That was beautiful.” Trecille pulled Tomika into a hug and a kiss on the cheek. She sat back, sniffled, and wiped her eyes. She pulled the damp tissues from her armpit and put them in her purse. “You’re right. If I’ve got smeared lipstick and mascara running down my cheeks, and sweat all up in my armpits, screw it. All that really matters is that I love Doc and he loves me, and...” She took a deep breath and grinned. “We’re about to be a family.” She squealed quietly.
The coachman opened the door and held his hand out. “Lady Cordova.”
“And it’s also nice that my wedding’s way more fabulous than Felicia’s.” Trecille cackled as she took the man’s hand and swung her leg out to put her shoe on the step. She moved forward to bring her other leg out, but her sole lost its grip and she tumbled face-first out of the carriage, falling to the ground with the man caught under her. The ladies winced. “Still better than Felicia’s,” Trecille said.

♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

Felicia’s sentiments were far from accord with Trecille’s, but it would have been an erroneous inference to say that she did not hold wishes of well-being for her. She just felt compelled to asses the degree of splendor found in the service compared to her and Jeff’s ocean-side extravaganza. And, so far, she did not catch any breathtaking majesty from the setting. She thought the chauffeur service was a nice touch, but that concession would be her one and only to Trecille. She sat with her arms folded, recollecting the six-figure cost of her wedding, and it put a smirk on her.
Behind the Mercado-Mills family were the Harischandras and Morgan and Melissa were struggling to keep their joyful tears from sneaking out. To the ladies’ infirm composure, the father rolled his eyes. And beside him, Mr. Ashinoyubi was of similar reacting to Nana’s sobbing at his other side. Two rows ahead, both Jayla and Miyoung sat in indifference, but puzzlement was sparked in them as the arch windows above began to darken to a night-like shade.
Idle chatter changed to confused murmurings over the rising warm and mellow hum of stringed instruments being played on the balcony over one side of the aisles. The doors farthest from the alter opened and all eyes went to Ms. di Stacci standing there. Jaws dropped, eyes widened, and chuckles arose from the sight of her outfit: a glowing, white pencil dress with high-heeled shoes of the same traits. She was holding a parasol with ribs shining as bright as her clothes, and her first step into the nave sent forth a zig-zagging rush of light through the thin spaces of the floor tiles, inducing exclamations of awe. A heavy bass line and a twanging guitar came from the balcony over the aisles to join the strings.
“Ladies and gentlemen...,” Ms. di Stacci said. She passed the first row of pews and they lit up with the spaces between the floor tiles. “I don’t have to tell you about life. I’m sure that at some point, you’ve all seen its ugliest. You’ve seen how it can beat down the weak, uplift the greedy, make a monster of the pure.” The pews continued to light up as she slowly neared the altar. “But what I am here to tell you is that none of you need to worry. We’re gonna show you that you needn’t worry.” When she arrived at the alter, she closed her parasol. “’Cause as long as we’ve got love, we can keep this whole world out of the dark.” She forced her parasol back open and cast off a spray of glitter that hung in the air like stars at night. Neon reds and blues and yellows and greens flooded the designs carved into the balconies and the ceiling. Horns and drums accompanied the other instruments to bring about a lush and soulful orchestration that urged the guests to move.
“Oh, hell yeah! This the jam, right here,” said Warrior. “They playin’ uh, uh, uh... Lover, help me out, woman. What’s that man’s name that did the Foxy Brown music?”
“Willie Hutch! ‘Love Power’,” Lover said. She stood up to began swaying and snapping.
“There it is!” Warrior stood up and rocked along with his wife. “Motown, 1975. Whoooo, they don’t music like this anymore. Y’all kids don’t even know.”
“Uh, maybe because I was born in 1975,” said Lawyer.
“Young people always got excuses,” said Warrior.
Both sides of the church came to their feet to let the music get into their bodies and bring a dance out of them.
“Come on, mom, get up,” said Quinn One.
“Yeah, it’s a party. Let’s dance,” said Quinn Two.
“I really don’t feel like dancing, girls,” said Joely.
“Please?” said both Quinns.
Joely looked over to the Marcelle family who was happily dancing together. She sighed and smiled. “All right, girls. Just for you.” She stood and gently bounced alongside the girls’ spastic flailing.
A few pews forward, London was bumping her hips against Regina’s to the beat. “Like, oh, my God, how amazing is this?”
“I know, right?” said Regina. “I hope Ms. di Stacci will do my wedding when I get married.”
“Is very impressive,” said Minerva, lethargically bobbing.
“It’s not that impressive,” Felicia said under her breath.
Ms. di Stacci twirled her parasol and turned it into a cane. She put it down and leaned forward on it, holding it with both hands. “Dearly beloved, we are gathered here for a wondrous occasion. Are you all ready to get this beautiful thing started?”
The guests cheered and whistled.
“Allora, noi cominciamo!” Ms. di Stacci threw one of her hands up, and while the music continued, the windows cleared to let natural light back in, bringing the room back to its original, non-illuminate state with the exception of shimmering gold on the floor and in the walls’ details. The doors at the other end of the nave opened and in rushed Prince and Fonkee holding baskets of flower petals. Prince went to one side of the doorway and Fonkee went to the other side.
Steffennie and Doctor’s best man stepped into the door way and posed. Prince and Fonkee threw a handful of petals over them and as they wafted down, Steffennie and the best man’s white outfits filled with color. Gold on Steffennie and black on the best man. The best man took Steffennie’s hand, put his arm around her waist, and together they tangoed into the room. Halfway to the altar, he spun Steffennie out of his hold and they faced each other. They stepped towards each other and put a foot out to tap them together. They backed away and stepped to each other again to kick their shoes together. The best man put his hand out and Steffennie held onto it as they hopped in a circle on one foot with their other feet locked. They let go of each other and did separate dances for the remainder of the walk. Tomika, Jina, and Doctor came to the doorway and posed for clothing coloring from Prince’s and Fonkee’s petals before doing their own dances down to the altar. Tomika dusted a petal off of her shoulder and set it adrift to the pews. It brushed against Rocket’s hair and turned half of her pink hair to a shade of blonde similar to her mother’s.
Just outside the view of the double doors, Trecille was taking in as much air as possible in each breath to smother the butterflies in her stomach and cool the heat in her chest. Her trembling was showing in the bouquet she was gripping with both hands.
“Carmen! Carmen!”
Trecille turned around to find Eduardo and Isabella running towards her. “Mama? Papá? What are you d—? Wait, let me guess. Cristina told you, didn’t she?”
“Yes, mija,” said Isabella.
Trecille rolled her eyes. “Of course. Blabber-mouth bitch.”
“Carmen, we understand your reservations towards our being here. You still have every right to be upset, but we just wanted to congratulate you and tell you how much we love you. That’s all,” said Eduardo. 
“You came all the way from New York for that? You could’ve just called or something.”
“The trip is no problem if it’s our little girl we’re coming to see. We’re proud of you, and this is a special occasion... even if we’re not really a part of it,” Eduardo said. He took hold of the veil flowing down Trecille’s back to tidy its sitting.
Trecille rolled her eyes and smiled. “Ay, ven aqui.” She locked her arm with her father’s.
“You want me to go down the aisle with you? Really?”
“Well, even though you obviously only came to give me your blessings and stuff, it is tradition for you to be by my side. Plus, having my parents at my wedding is another thing I can add to my list of stuff-I-had-at-my-wedding-that-Felicia-didn’t. It’s my day to be an unapologetic bitch. Don’t judge me.”
“Your mother was the same way when we got married.”
Isabella slapped Eduardo’s arm and grinned. “Have fun, you two.”
“You can stay, too, mama. Just come in a few seconds after us and sit in the back. And don’t look at me.”
“Gracias, mija. Now, run along.”
Trecille and Eduardo ran to the doorway and were showered with petals. The ribbon around Trecille’s waist went black and the full skirt below it went a champagne-like gold. At the front of the pews, Cristina stood, covering her gasping mouth with one hand and pointing with the other. She turned to Angelina and Reilene. “Look, look! I told you they’d be here. She’s dancing with papá, oh, my God!”
“They look so adorable. Look at that smile,” Angelina said.
Trecille put her hands on her knees and dropped her hips to the floor. She brought her body back up and grabbed her skirt to lift it out of her feet’s way as she skipped and swayed. Her father clapped, bobbed, and swung his arms beside her all the way down the nave. And at the altar, he took her hand and guided her up the three steps to stand before Ms. di Stacci and Doctor. Doctor reached out to shake Eduardo’s hand before he went to stand beside Cristina. Doctor then took Trecille’s clammy hands into his and looked into her watery eyes. The twinkle on them reminded him of the night their paths converged under the streetlights.
The orchestra played its final notes and, after the shuffling of the guests returning to their seats, the church fell quiet. “Dearly beloved,” Ms. di Stacci said, “we are gathered here to join the spirits of Doctor Orsinger Connor and Carmen Maria Trecille Cordova in an everlasting bond. I understand that the groom has prepared his own vows?”
“Yes, I did.” Doctor reached into his tuxedo to retrieve a piece of paper. He unfolded it and took a deep breath. “Trecille, I—”
A booming thud cut through the silence and drew attention to the double doors swinging open, smacking Prince and Fonkee out of the way. “Objection!” cried a man dressed in casual clothes. He was taken from his stern demeanor as he directed his focus to the setting as he strolled on in. “Damn, this place is nice. Is that real gold down there?”
“Daddy? Oh, my goddess.” Tomika’s eyes shot open wide. She giggled and darted away from the altar to his arms as he stood in the midway down the nave. “Best Christmas gift ever!”
“Aw, damn! I knew it,” Trecille said, throwing her hands up and stomping in place. “I knew something was gonna happen. I didn’t know what, but I knew something. Dammit, Robert, what the hell are you doing here?”
Robert took a step forward, puffed out his chest, and pointed to Doctor. “I’m stopping you from marrying this man.”
“Well, obviously. But I meant what are you doing out of jail? I thought you still had, like, two years left.”
“Would it be romantic if I said I broke out just to be with you?”
“Hell, no!”
“Oh, well, parole then.”
“Exactly on Christmas though?” Trecille said.
Robert shrugged. “My boy Obeezy came through in the clutch. But never mind that. Tre, I can’t let you marry this man. I still love you. I felt something back at the party in the summer, and I know you felt it too. It was the same spark we felt when we were younger. Originally, I was coming just to surprise the girls, but as soon as I got into town and heard about this wedding, I rushed down here to claim my woman. I can’t let you be with this whoever-this-is.”
“Robert, the only thing I was feeling at the party was my shoes squeezing my bunions. I don’t wanna be with you.”
“But, Tre—”
Nicole turned around. “Nigga, sit’cho simpin’ ass down. Don’t nobody want yo’ penitentiary ass. Coming up in here like you ain’t got no home training.”
The voice plucked an archaic string deep in Robert’s mind and left a shiver in his nerves. “Aww, hell naw. Nicole, is that you? What the hell you doin’ here?”
“Watchin’ a bitch nigga embarrass himself.”
Mel tapped Nicole’s shoulder and whispered, “Mama, I don’t think you should say the ‘B’ or the ‘N’ word in church. You’ll make God mad and He might kill a puppy or something.”
“Shut up, Nakia.”
“I don’t believe this. I just don’t believe this,” Trecille said.
“Look, Nicole, this ain’t got nothing to do with you, so turn your school-of-cosmology head around and take a chill, all right?” Robert said.
“How about I turn yo’ head around with this fist. You the one comin’ up in here disrepctin’ my little sister talkin’ about you love another woman and shit. I guess it really was til death do you part, huh?”
“Look, I love Naomi just as much as much as when we met, but where is it written that I can’t love two women?”
Nicole scoffed. “Nigga, please. Take that mess back to wherever. You ain’t in love with Trecille; you just thinking wit’cho dick ‘cause you fresh out the pen. Go rub one out and take a nap or something. Boy, bye.” She shooed him away with a flick of her hand and turned back around.
Felicia tossed her head back and cackled. “Oh, my God, yes! Yes, yes, yes! This is just too delicious. It’s like watching R. Kelly’s Trapped in the Closet.” She directed her attention to her protruding stomach. “Do you hear this Felicia, Jr.? This is exactly what you’re not gonna grow up to be like.”
Jeff looked at Felicia with stern eyes. “Felicia... stop.”
“Oh, yes, dear. Of course.” Felicia sat up straight and properly. She tightened her lips but snickers were fighting their way out.
Doctor stepped down off the altar. “My brother, look, I respect you as Jina and Tomika’s father, but Trecille chose me to be her husband. You made your choice a long time ago and from that choice, you got Tomika. Think about how this is making her feel. Think about how this is making both of your daughters feel.”
“Hey, I never stop thinking about my girls. I was counting every second until I could see them again and tell them how I sorry I am that I ever had to leave them. I missed way too much of both of their lives and I’m not about to miss another minute. I don’t know where the hell you came from, but I ain’t about to let you swoop in act like you’re super-dad or whatever.” Robert held Tomika closely. “I raised this girl right here.” He pointed to Jina. “And Tre raised that girl. And we should raise both of these girls together. I’m not trying to start over; I’m picking up where I left off, and I wanna do it with that big, beautiful, smart, kick-ass woman. Because I don’t just love her, I love both of these girls with everything I have in me and I ain’t gonna let you come between us. I’m their father.”
“Oh, my God..., daddy,” Jina said softly.
“Whoooooo,” Lawyer said, fanning herself. “I don’t know about the rest of you women, but ain’t nothin’ sexier to me than a man standing up for his children. Shoot, if you don’t want him, I’ll take him, Trecille.”
“Robert, there will always be that ‘what if’ in the back of my head. What if I stayed with my parents? What if I didn’t get into that fight? What if you and I never broke up?” Trecille said. “But one thing I’ve learned is that even though the past is always there, you can’t cling to it. You’ve just gotta grow from it. And after years of feeling like the ‘other woman’ and seeing everyone else getting their happy ending, it’s time for me to be happy. I’ve got my dream job, I’ve given the girls a comfortable life, and I met Doctor. And I love him because he makes me happy. You’ll always be the girls’ father; no one’s trying to take that from you. But this is the man that I love, Robert.” Trecille stepped down off of the altar to stand by Doctor’s side. “I love him.”
Robert scoffed. “This negro’s name is Doctor?”
“Shut up. You lost. I’m dancing to K-Ci and Jojo with him.” Trecille kissed Doctor’s cheek.
Jina stepped forward. “Wait, mamí, I—”
“Ladies and gentlemen, can we have your attention?”
The people turned back to the doors, and of all the hearts in the building, Friday’s grew the heaviest. In a second, like a stone to the ocean, her heart fell down into her stomach and sucked all of the blood from her face with it. A man and two task officers had entered, and in the man’s hand was a badge and an identification card that he held up. “I’m Agent Slater, and I’m with the FBI.”
Prince and Fonkee ran to the back of the last pew and dropped to their knees. They held each other, cowering.
Friday and Luis turned back around and sunk into their seats. “Friday, what the hell are they doing here?” Luis said sharply through clenched teeth.
“I don’t know,” Friday whispered.
“Robert, you were just joking, right?” said Trecille. “You didn’t really break out of prison, did you?”
“No, I swear. I’m on parole.”
Agent Slater pointed to Luis. “No, we’re here for Luis Quezada. There he is, boys.”
“Excuse me. I’m obviously a woman,” said Officer Fairheart.
“Whatever. Just get him.”
Officer Fairheart rolled her eyes and grumbled. She retrieved her pair of handcuffs from her belt and went over to Luis to pull him up out of the pew. “Come on, sir.”
“Friday! Do something!” Luis cried.
“Friday, what the heck is going on?” said Jizzelle.
“Um, I— ” Friday slid to the end of the pew and stood up. “Guys, do you really want to arrest this man at a church, at a wedding, in front of his kids, on Christmas? I mean come on.”
“I knew you went rogue, McKnight. I told the boys this would happen if they sent a rookie. Wouldn’t be surprised if you go down with this guy,” said Agent Slater.
“Friday, what is he talkin’ about?” Trecille said.
Friday clenched her hands into tight fists and, just as Officer Fairheart closed the cuffs on Luis’s wrists, she ran up to her and threw a punch into her face. Officer Fairheart stumbled backwards. Friday ripped the gun out of her belt and shot both officers in the stomach. 
“Oh, shit, they shootin’!” Robert dove to the ground and took Tomika to the floor with him. Other guests ducked as low as they could go behind the pews.
Agent Slater locked his aim with his gun but took a bullet from Friday to the shoulder and sent his shot off to a wall.
“Come on!” Friday grabbed Luis by his jacket’s lapel and they dashed out of the church.
Agent Slater drew a couple of stiff breaths and put the surging burn in his arm to the back of his mind to put all his faculties into commanding his legs to move. He stumbled, but speed picked up in his feet and he raced out through the doors.
Doctor began taking off his tuxedo jacket and hurried to the officers.
“Tomika, get up! Let’s go!” Jizzelle said as she and Jack shuffled out of the pews to run after.
Tomika slipped out of her father’s hold and scrambled to her feet to follow. Morgan, Britney, Mel, Allie and Kaiju got out of their seats and were the next out of the church. Kerou stood, but a hold on her arm kept her from running. “Dad, let me go!” she cried.
“No! I don’t care if she is your friend. You are not running into something where there may be shooting. Let the police handle it.”
“The police can’t handle making change for a snack machine. I’m going to help my friends.”
Karlie jabbed her father in his side, and the shock loosened his grip on Kerou’s arm. Kerou stepped up onto the seat and jumped from the thin edge of the pew’s back to the nave to run out.
“Dang it, Karlie.” Mr. Karlrissian stood and chased after Kerou.
“I’m sorry, daddy,” Karlie said.
“I’m gonna deal with you when we get home.”
Kerou burst through the front door in time to see one of the town cars barreling out of the parking lot, tires screeching as it turned onto the street and sped down it. The horses standing idle jumped onto their hind legs and whinnied. The coachman hurried to calming them.
Agent Slater ran into the street and forced his arm up to fire three shots that ripped through the car’s back window. Jack leaped and tackled Agent Slater to the ground. Agent Slater hollered from the sting cutting from his arm to his chest. The car swerved onto the sidewalk, tore into a picket fence, and curved into the snow on a front yard before crashing back through another part of the fence to get back to the street. A truck came around a corner and into the car’s oncoming path. The driver slammed on the brakes, but ice on the sloping street kept the vehicle in motion and rammed the car back into a rough skid across the yard up to the front steps of the home. Both vehicles came to a stop, hissing violently from the under the hoods.
The curtains in the windows on the home’s second floor parted and an elderly woman peeked through. Her eyes and mouth shot open wide. “Edgar! Edgar!” cried the woman to her husband. “There’s a car full of minorities right on our doorstep.”
Edgar went to the door and opened it. “Holy shit!”
Jack, Mel, Tomika, Allie, and Kaiju took off down the street to go to the accident. Jack pulled out his mobile phone and dialed the emergency telephone number. Mr. Karlrissian got to Kerou and grabbed her by the wrist to begin dragging her back to the church. As she protested and struggled her best from his hand, one of the photographers got out of his car to run partway to the crash site. He began snapping pictures.
“Hey!” Jizzelle called. She ran up to the photographer. “Hey, you sicko. Don’t you have any respect?” She stepped into the lens’s view and slapped the man’s hands down.
“Look, girlie, this is my job. It’s not my fault you Quezadas are bat crap crazy. Now, back off.” The photographer shoved Jizzelle out of his view and brought his camera back up to his eye.
“You son of a bitch!” Jizzelle lunged at the man, but Britney’s arms wrapped around her body and pulled her away.
“He’s just tryin’ to bait you,” Britney said. “Probably just to get a lawsuit so he can get rich.”
“I don’t care! I’m not letting this jerk get paid off of my dad like this.” Jizzelle tried dearly to part herself from Britney’s hold.
“You know it’s funny,” said the photographer, “I always thought I’d find your mother like this.” He chuckled and turned to run back to his car.
Jizzelle growled and rushed her elbow back into Britney’s eye. Britney yelped as her head lurched back, but her hold was strong. Jizzelle wriggled and put all of her weight into a leap backwards to bring the two of them to the ground. The impact brought up a cough out of Britney, and she winced. Jizzelle rolled out of Britney’s arms and went after the photographer.
Jack turned and saw Jizzelle catching the photographer as he was getting into his car. “What the—? Jizzelle!” He darted back down the street. Tomika turned and followed.
Jizzelle threw the man against his car’s back door and held his neck to keep his head pinned against the window as she punched him in the face, tears gathering on her lashes. With each hit came the cracking of the glass under the photographer’s head. Britney pulled herself off of the ground and ran to Jizzelle to make another attempt to hold her and met the peak of the girl’s temper in another blow to the face. She spun, fell, and hit the side of the car’s trunk. Tomika went to her aid.
Jack hooked his arms around Jizzelle’s from the back and yanked her away from the photographer. “Calm down!”
Jizzelle was flailing for her release. Weeping her eyes red and screeching her throat apart. The photographer’s head peeled out of the indentation left in the glass and hit the pavement, bleeding from the front and back into bits of dirty slush. Jizzelle wrestled an arm away from Jack’s lock and pushed him away. She tripped and fell into a low snow bank in the grass by the curb. On her hands and knees, she sobbed until her chest had no more air to give. Jack knelt by her side and put his hand on her back. “It’s okay, Jizzelle. It’s okay. Calm down.”
Jizzelle brought her hand up to her head and dug her fingertips in. She closed her eyes tightly. “Mom was right,” she said through her crying. “She was right. Oh, God, she was right.”
“I know. I know. It’s okay. But we’re gonna figure this thing out. We’re gonna get through this, whatever’s going on. I promise.”
 Jizzelle sniffled and buried her face into Jack’s chest. Sirens grew from a whisper to a scream as a parade of task force vehicles and ambulances rolled up onto the street. Jack and Jizzelle came to stand and left prints carved out by their bodies in the snow. There, a bit of soil emerged. And waiting under the millions of tiny crystals was more, waiting for when the snow faded  and could be immersed in its memory. The dark and soft mess was a part of the earth, and though some labored to rid it from where it was not desired, it would undoubtedly return. It was slightly over the bounds of mortal control. But furthermore, it was Friday. A day in December. And the day by any other name would not make it unlike any other day in December.
