Book One


Sherwood
The Sherwood Series


by S. E. Roberts




Photo by J. Sylvester
Cover Design & Edit by: S. E. Roberts


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please connect to your device store and download an addition copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and have not downloaded it, or it was not downloaded for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for supporting and respecting the work of this author.

Sherwood, Book One, Version 3. (2014)


All characters appearing in this book are completely fictitious. 
Any similarities to any real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. 


Dedicated to J. Sylvester, 
who has been nothing but supportive this entire time.


Also dedicated to Mom, Ms. Duggar, Mr. Deckard, and Ms. Young.
The many school hours have paid off, however slight the result is so far.
Chapter One


“Harrison,
I've tried to find ways around sending this letter. My heart aches as I write these words. I know how important you are to your community. I understand that they need you.
But, so does Sherwood.
I would never ask you to do anything I didn't find absolutely necessary.
That is why I'm requesting your presence in Sherwood Forest as we attempt to defend ourselves from King Wesley.
You have seen him in person and know his practices. You're knowledge would aid in wartime strategy. You are our greatest asset, ally, and friend.
I'm not one to beg, but we are in need of your help.
Best Regards,
Robin Hood.”

Harlow held the parchment in her hands, running a finger over the inked words. She propped her elbows up on the railing of her front porch, her body arching forward over the wooden supports. Her stomach sank as she reread the words. Rolling the paper up, she tied the string around it to keep it bound.
'Am I really doing this?'  She raised her hand to touch the the fabric of her cloak, which hung limply about her shoulders. It was secured around her like a blanket, protecting her from harm and hazard. She ran the fabric between her index finger and thumb, knowing she would have to ditch the garment before she made it to Sherwood. It was decorated, feminine, a present she'd recieved from someone she couldn't remember anymore.
At the sight of the scroll in her left hand she knitted her eyebrows together. Her breathing was labored, but she couldn't tell if it was from frustration or anxiety. She settled that it was probably both.
Dizziness settled on her, her fingers starting to tremble as she let her eyes roam over the scrolled parchment. Sure, she'd known of her father's involvment with the Sherwood Outlaws, but he never mentioned that he was such an integral character. He never mentioned that he may have to go back; but, then again, he probably didn't figure he would ever have to.
In one quick motion, she shoved the scroll deep into the bag next to her. This small, crumpled letter was going to take her father away from her and the very sight of it made her sick.
This was Robin Hood's war. 'A war,' Harlow thought, 'that would be started for territorial gain.'
This was a war that Harlow prayed has more content than what met her eye.
She remembered him taking out his old gear a few nights ago, laying out on his bed, dusting it off, admiring and reminiscing of days long past. She'd thought nothing of it until she found Robin's letters in the barn two mornings ago. She remembered her heart sinking to the very depths of her stomach, and her hands trembling as she read and reread every word. It was so brief, but it meant so much.
Either he would leave her to control the farm and put her in control of providing for a village that hated her very existence, or he'd have her married off to one of the village men, none of whom were very fond of her anyway.
Harlow physcially cringed at the thought of staying in this village for the rest of her life. Sure, her route was unorthodox, but she had not other option: she would disguise herself as a boy and help with the Sherwood effort.
It wouldn't work for long, but it would buy her enough time to get her father out of the war, and get herself out of this village.
Her father would find her in Sherwood, that much she knew; It was just a matter of how long it would take him to figure it out.
The cold, night air was relaxing to her lungs. Her eyeslids slid closed and thought back to the letter she'd left on the kitchen table for her father. It wasn't much, but she hoped it would be enough for him to understand that this was the only way. 
The forest stood before her, just a few yards off the porch steps outside the back of her home. It was dark, beautiful, and absolutely frightening.
The anxiety in her stomach grew as she took her first liberating step off the porch and toward the woods. She took one slow step after another, trying to ease her jittering nerves. 
She turned around once to look over the only home she'd every known.
'I'm sorry.' She closed her eyes and relished in the quiet breeze on her skin.
Harlow turned her back on the structure, her home, her father, and felt a pang of guilt sweep through her. It took everything within her to keep her feet moving one after the other, to keep herself from running back into the house and embracing her father one more time. It took everything to keep herself steady; and that was the hardest thing she'd ever had to do.
The forest's darkness embraced her as she pulled the hood of her cloak over her head.
She was no longer Harlow McBride.
She was an Outlaw of Sherwood Forest.

Chapter Two

Enders watched as his mother looked lethargically at the crackling fire in their home. Smoke billowed up and out of the chimney, warming the building with it's ever-present flame. 
Ever since he'd turned sixteen, she'd been anxious. She had become frustrated and sad, and while she endlessly denied it, Enders knew it was his very face that upset her: a face that looked so much like his father.
Ten long years had passed, and now he could barely remember his father's face. The man had disappeared from their lives with no words, no letters, and no news. But, still, Enders' mother held onto this stubborn belief that he would come home someday.
His blood would boil in his veins every time she looked at him with those sad, doting eyes. She was not happy, but instead of admitting it, she would live her life in denial, claim that she was just fine, and that these things “take time.”
"Why did my father leave us?" Enders had found the courage a few years before to ask her. Her rocking chair stopped for only a moment before continuing on with it's pattern.
Her eyes, a combination of dead and sad, replaced those that had been so vibrant in her youth. "The world needed him more than I."
That was the end of the conversation. Enders let the topic drop for a few years until he found letters, maps, and stories in an old chest in the small shed behind their home. Burried under stacks of hay and straw lay the archaic box, telling a story of outlaws in Sherwood Forest. 
Anger and courage filled him the most when he brought the documents to his mother, who wore an uncharacteristically wide grin at the find; that's when the story came to light.
And that was the night that he refused to watch his mother cry anymore.
She had been trying to shield him, trying make him feel like he had a normal life, but that was what plagued him the most: He didn't have a normal life. He would never have a normal life, not as long as his family remained so broken.
He watched as the night covered the forest, embracing it in its cold grasp for hours on end.
He'd made this decision weeks ago.
His mother would not cry anymore.
He would find his father.
And, he'd make his mother proud, even if it was the last thing he did.
Chapter Three

"Harlow, you can't save the whole world." Harrison McBride had told his twelve-year-old daughter as she sat on a kitchen chair. A scraped knee and cut-up palms raised out toward him, asking to be tended to. His large hands engulfed her dainty ones in an attempt to clean the dry blood from her skin. It was the fourth fight she'd gotten into that year.
“Thomas Whickam was picking on Lily Albright.” Her small frame contradicted her powerful voice. She supressed the urge to hiss in pain as water ran over her cuts and scrapes. “I couldn't sit back and simply watch.”
His eyes watched as she clenched her teeth in an attempt to conceal her pain.
Harrison shook his head, a small, proud smile on his lips.

Harlow could not count all the instances in which her father had stepped in on her behalf, between her and danger.
And in an attempt to save him, she had left him.
It had only been a few hours and already the memories of her father were causing pangs of guilt to shoot up her body. She reminded herself that this was the only feesible way out of this situation. This was how she could honor him, how she could save him; and she would do it without regret.
The forest was denser at night, it seemed, and fear crept up her spine and settled in her bones. Her hood slumped down over her face in the darkness, keeping in what little warmth she had and giving her a small amount of comfort in the abandoned woods.
Sherwood city was established on the foundation of archers and well-enough infantry-men. They could be anywhere in the trees, watching her every move.
The crunch of leaves echoed behind her. The snap of twigs made her cringe. Her feet began to move faster, picking up her pace and propelling her deeper into what she feared most: dark and unknown places. Her bag thumped rhythmically against her leg.
Snap! A twigs demise resonated from one tree to another, making its way back to her.
Panic rose from the depths of her soul; she propelled herself forward, uncaring of her noise level and unwilling to stop her legs. Her hood fell back, her hair cascading out behind her, inviting every tree to grab ahold of it.
And one of those branches took the bait, grappling into her hair and entangling itself within her roots.
The force with which she was pulled back was excrutiating. Her yelp of pain was short-lived, her pause lasted only a second. The approaching sounds of snapping twigs and broken branches made her falter. Her heart sprang back to life as she clawed violently at her hair.
The sound of steps came closer to her, coming from behind her. Harlow pushed herself into the tree, trying to make herself small and invisible. The odds of it working were close to none, but she tried anyway as a helpless whimper passed through her chapped lips.
"Are you okay?" A man walked into her line of sight, an eyebrow raised in what looked to be amusement. He had a gentle gaze, colorful hazelnut eyes accentuated with a layer of concern. His bronze hair swung above his eyes as he looked over her. A small stubble on his chin told Harlow that he could not have been more than twenty. His left hand made a reluctant path toward her hair before stopping short.  "May I?" He gave a slight nod to the strands that had been knotted into the tree's grasp.
She averted her eyes from his in the moonlight, giving a small nod.  He was a young man packaged with good-looks, and accented with careful fingers. She couldn't tell if it was the running or if it was his presence in proximity to hers, but breathing had become a chore.
He nodded toward her hair after she didn't respond.
Harlow fought back the pain that pulsated on her scalp. A small nod was all she could muster. She averted her eyes for him and waited for his fingers to liberate her from the tree's grasp.
"My name is Enders." His voice was gentle and relaxed. He carefully pushed and pulled at the strands of her hair that stuck stubbornly to the bark.
When the pressure on her hair released, Harlow raised a hand to her scalp, feeling for cuts or blood; she found nothing but bruised skin.  
"Harlow." Her answer was simple and to-the-point. Her head remained tilted downward, although she managed to take discreet glances at him from under the tree's shadow.
"What are you doing in Sherwood Forest?" Harlow glanced up again at his eyes and noted the reluctance. She settled that he must have waged an internal war and his curiosity won him over.
Harlow looked him over; he wasn't incredibly buff but he had some muscle, and his figure was slim and slender; Harlow guessed that if she couldn't take him down, she could at least out-run him. "I was going for a walk.”
His eyebrow raised. He turned his head to look around the abandoned forest, his eyes surveying the quietness.  "No offense, but a walk in Sherwood Forest could get you killed."
"I understand that." The words came out more venomous than she intended, but the guilt she felt only lasted a moment. She cast her eyes downward and lifted the hood of her cloak over her eyes. In much quieter, defeated words, she added: “I was heading home, anyway.” 
"This is the opposite direction of the nearest village.” The smug grin on his face made Harlow's blood start to boil. He took one cautious step backward, his hands returning to his sides. “There are men all over this forest; be careful as you wander home."
"Certainly." A low voice passed through her lips as she watched him back away from her and ever-so-slowly into the forest.
 "Be careful of those trees." His warning was meant to be friendly, but Harlow felt herself becoming more and more frustrated with every passing second. A moment later, he had disappeared into the forest.
Harlow wasn't sure exactly when he'd turned and ran, but she heard the crunching of leaves and snapping of twigs distancing themselves from each other. So many things could have gone wrong; she closed her eyes and let relief wash over her as she let herself deflate for a moment.
Her hair would be a problem when she got there, but the more she saw the soft strands in the light, the more she hated the idea of cutting it off. An idea sparked in her mind. She slid her backpack off her shoulders and rummaged through the pockets, pulling out her old work hat. It's brown color was a bit faded, but it was whole and untattered. 
Light was beginning to spill over the horizon and welcome a new day. She only had another hour or so to make it to Sherwood before she'd been in danger of raiders, soldiers, and her father.
She inhaled deeply, embracing the cool air that poured into her lungs. Harlow paused for a moment before looking ahead and walking further into Sherwood, further into her new life.

*~*~*

It took a lot of energy to find the forest. Apparently, she'd wandered just a bit too far and almost fell victim to a calvary of arrows for trespassing. 
"State your business!" A strong voice boomed throughout the forest. She was nervous; her palms were wet and her hands trembled. She made fists out of her hands and looked over the trees. She saw nothing at first, but then she noticed them: small specks of green and brown, bows pointed down-sight, aiming  their arrows directly at her heart. Their fingers looked a little too trigger-happy for her liking. The panic she felt was one that wracked her entire body and made her tremble.
Harlow raised her eyes hesitantly, half awestruck and half terrified. She couldn't find her voice for a moment, before she was finally able to form a sentence: "My name is Henry,” She pulled whatever strength she had left from the very depths of her sou, "Henry McBride. I've come in place of my father, Harrison McBride."
Then there was silence. It was a silence so strange that she thought she may have been caught. A few long seconds passed before a loud voice boomed from another direction: "Lift the gate!"
A giant camouflage gate lifted open, showing a city built amongst trees, thriving on the food they've managed to grow themselves and in the safety of a home they had built themselves. In front of her was a quaint city with ladders leading up tall trees and cabins littered around the campsite.  On her right, she saw a series of buildings that led down to a lake with a small pier.  On her left were ladders leading up old oak trees that have undoubtedly been growing for decades. Ahead she saw a ramp leading downwards to a congregation of people dressed in greens, browns, and blacks; their bows and quivers strung across their backs, swords patting gently against their thighs. 
She was most definitely in the right place.
Composing herself proved to be a difficult task, but she managed to shake off her awestruck face and walk into the area. The gate closed behind her as she kept a slow pace forward. She had to force herself to continue moving one leg in front of the other, but she was able to manage herself. She tried to keep her eyes even, unsuprised, and skeptical. It was hard to be so well-put-together while she stood in the midst of two hundred or so men, pretending to be something she wasn't. There were more younger men than there were middle-aged or older men, which shouldn't have surprised her, but it did.
No one really took notice to her entrance. Although, she did hear her new name being recited throughout the encampment.
Her eyes wandered over the gathering, observing how the others were acting and trying to take mental notes on acceptable behavior. Harlow tried to retain confidence that she could be herself and get away with her disguise. 
A line formed at her righthand side, a short man directing traffic to and form the area. “This way, McBride!” His voice was strict, rough, and oddly welcoming; a voice reminiscent of her father.
Harlow offered a simple nod, following a path of trampled grass and dirt to a line of men before a small table which sat squarely under the shadow of a large oak tree.
Harlow raised a hand to her hat, pushing it down a bit more, feeling some of the hair at the nape of her neck. It was tucked in well enough, and she was sure no one would notice, but that didn't stop her anxiety from rising in her chest.
“Henry McBride!” She almost didn't catch it when the man before her called out her name. She immediately straightened her posture, looked up at him and stepped forward. 
“That's me.” She muttered. Speaking, she knew, would prove to be one of her greatest obstacles.
The man looked down at the parchment in his hands, his eyebrow raising after a moment. “You Harrison's boy?” His voice was intimidating, the kind of voice so deep the ground shook when he spoke. 
A skeptical eyebrow rose on Harlow's face. She cleared her throat, deepened her voice and spoke only a few words: “Aye. You know him?”
His smile was one that Harlow didn't expect. “Nice to have ya'.” His hand extended in her direction, and when Harlow took it, as firmly as she possibly could, the man's voice became light and whimsical: “The name's Aldridge Chadwick. Your father and I were in the same training group years ago. Can't wait to see what you could do with a sword, that's for sure.”
It could have been guilt or pride, Harlow wasn't sure, but she knew something in her chest swelled. “Thanks. I'll do my best.”
“Alright, McBride, you're weapons are on the table to your right. You've been equipped with the essentials. Grab your things and get to the training area immediately.”
Harlow's eyes landed on the table of equipment. For some reason, it sparked some kind of excitement she hadn't felt about weaponry before. Stepping to the side, she offered a quick “thank you” and let her eyes wander over the craftsmanship.
Harlow stood in front of the worn table, it's color fading from either sun exposure or age, she couldn't tell. The bows, quivers, and arrows were the first in line, each sitting neatly next to another. She picked up a biege bow, it's handle engraved with beautiful designs and patterns. It fit well in the palm of her hand, but she couldn't imagine using it often. It's string was tight and unused. She didn't think twice about grabbing a random pack of arrows in their quiver. She swung the package over her shoulder and secured it to her back.
Throwing knives and other random objects that Harlow had never seen before sat next to archery items. She examined each one. 'How could anybody have the dexterity to actually hit something with these?' She grabbed a bundle of ten, bound together with a string. She'd never been able to throw knives before, but she imagined that she'd get a kick out of it the most.
A sheathed sword sat plainly in a stack next to the knives. She placed the bow leaning on the table in front of her before picking up the sword and letting the metal see sunlight. The blade was clean and fresh. She made it a point to ask Aldridge how they'd acquired these weapons; but, then again, she thought she may have a good idea. They were outlaws, after all.
She looked at the handle, which seemed unique in the shaping and form. Harlow raised an eyebrow at it, before looking at the rest of the sword handles in the pile. They were all unique, whether by their emralds or by their shaping.
Harlow sheathed the sword, like the way she found it, and wrapped the straps around her, tightening the buckle around her hips.
A bag sat next to the swords: basic provisions for training, scout trips, and general military business.
She grabbed a bag, flinging it over her shoulder and picking up her bow that lay against the table. She scanned the area around her. Some of the men were having trouble holding all of their things, and at the sight a small pride swelled in her chest.
Her anxiety wasn't exactly gone, but she took refuge in the fact that she could probably slide by for a while without raising suspicion. 
A relieved smile crept onto her face as she closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and let a cool breeze tickle her cheeks. 'This may not be so bad.'
“Enders Hode!”
Everything in Harlow's body froze: her heart beat skipped, her throat went dry, her eyes shot open, and her face drained of its color. Looking back, she caught a glimpse of a familiar face. She turned away quickly, picking up her pace toward the training area.
She should have known better.
Chapter Four

Enders stood silently in the archery range with the other trainees. He set off angry vibes at first, but as time passed, his anger subsided into exhaustion. His once knitted eyebrow had untangled themselves, his hair sat drenched in sweat atop his head, and his heartbeat had gone from steady racing to a tired rhythym.
“Are you alright?” A voice form behind him snapped him out of his thoughts and threw him back into reality. Enders turned around to the speaker, a slim man, a hat donning his head, and greenish brown attire. 
Harlow had surprised herself. As soon as the question escaped her lips, she mentally kicked herself for her lack of filter, for paying attention to him, being near him, talking to the one person she needed to stay away from the most.
Her eyes had followed his every move since she'd seen him arrive. She took note of the way he walked, hunched slightly forward, determination and confidence in every stride. She noted that way his expression was serious and observant. It was this kind of transparency that would be her downfall, that much she was aware of.
He nodded, offering a thin, weary smile. He took in a sharp breath and exhaled, his muscles losing their tensity and relaxing: “I have a lot on mind, but I'm fine. Thank you for asking.”
Harlow nodded, looking away from him and off at the lake ahead of her. Politeness wasn't something she came across often in her village, especially not toward her and especially not men. She welcomed the change of attitude. Here, she felt somewhat equal, but back home, she was a percieved failure as a woman.
Her eyes wandered over the training area. It was largely a field with targets and brick circles for swordplay, everything stretched out over dozens of yards. It was simple, but it would prove useful.
“My name is Enders.” His voice broke through her concentration. He extended his hand to her. “I haven't introduced myself.” 
Harlow reluctantly ripped her gaze from the training field and let her eyes fall on his. She reached her own hand to her left, taking his hand in what she deemed a masculine grip. “Henry McBride.”
“Harrison McBride's son?” A surprised eyebrow raised above hazel eyes.
Harlow tried to stifle an eager nod and instead let out an “Aye.” It was going to be difficult but she would try her best to imitate the masculine tones around her. Her eyes traveled down to the wooden bow in her palm, tracing her thumb over the design. “I've come here in his place.”
“From the stories I've heard, that man was a true soldier. Only second to Robin Hood himself.” Enders smiled. “It must be nice to have such a notorious father.”
Harlow shrugged, trying to be indifferent and failing. Nonchalance, she knew, had never been her strong suit. “It has its perks. The stories are his pride. He used to tell them to me when I was a child.”
“I've read countless works about them.” He said before turning his own eyes to the side and running them over the training fields. “He's not mentioned in most of the tales, but in the few that feature him he's hailed as a real hero.”
“You've read the stories? Do you come from a military family as well?”
Enders was silent for a moment. His body tensed in an almost unnoticable way. He turned his eyes away from Harlow and let them linger on the training area. “You could say that.”
She was about to ask what he meant; the question was just on it's way out, but the look on his face made the words catch in her throat. His eyes were distant and almost devoid. For the slightest moment, she thought that it was something she said. 
“Attention!” Harlow all but jumped at Aldridge Chadwick's booming voice careening over the congregation of men. “Get in line formation, men!”
Harlow felt the air tense around her. She saw Enders' face grow serious. She couldn't tell if he was anxious, angry, or exhausted. Then again, it wouldn't be much of a stretch to say he'd been all three. 
Aldridge surveyed the people in front of him, as he stood up on a fallen log. He nodded, his eyes stopping at some men and skipping over others. “You guys are a relatively small group. Get to know each other. You'll be training together for the duration of your stay.” He looked toward his left, his eyes falling on something just beyond her view, something beyond the cabins.
“We'll start by splitting off into groups at the weaponry range.  Let's go!” His voice echoed long after his announcement was over, and the crowd started to move in waves. Sure, there actually wasn't many of them, but Harlow hadn't been surrounded by this many people before, let alone only men.
She immediately turned to Enders. His body was still tense, his head held up as if a stick was propping it up, and his eyes set ahead. It looked like he was fighting off the exhaustion he felt in an attempt to remain strong.
“Enders?” Harlow kept her voice low. “You said you read a lot about Sherwood History, right?” She asked, her eyebrow raised as she followed the crowd in suit, glancing every so often at Aldridge as she did so. She was out of his earshot anyway, but she wanted to be sure he couldn't hear her.
“Aye. Why?” Enders glanced at her, eyebrows furrowed.
“What's the story behind Aldridge Chadwick? He says he fought with my Father, but I can't remember hearing about him. He seems too educated to be fighting with outlaws.” Harlow kept her eyes ahead, watching Aldridge's head bob over the crowd as he walked. 
Enders shrugged, glancing at her once, before returning his eyes to the crowd ahead of him. “He is educated. He was born into a rich family. His father was an important financial advisor for the previous king, so Aldridge knew all about the king's corrupted ways. When Wesley was coronated as King, Aldridge escaped from the castle and came to Sherwood.” Enders gave Harlow another glance. “He gave Robin all the information he had, which gave the Sherwood Outlaws the time to construct, reinforce, and generously offer the people of England a place of refuge. Without him, this place would be in shambles. However, he doesn't like to be mentioned in the stories. He enjoys his privacy.”
Harlow eyed the back of Aldridge's head. “He seems so young.”
Enders shrugged. “Probably a decade and a half before our time.”
Harlow turned her eyes on Enders. “So what does he do now?”
Enders looked back at her, an eyebrow arched beautifully over his right eye. “You ask a lot of questions.”
Harlow shrugged this time. “My curiousity is not easily satiated.”
Enders nodded, turning his eyes forward, and drawing in a refreshing breath. “I hear he fights here on occassion, but he's really in charge of strategic planning.” Enders pushed his fingers through his brunnette hair, the strands just above his forhead spiking up. He didn't care enough to make it neat again. It didn't matter to Harlow; he looked handsome the way it was. His eyes looked like they would suffocate her. The brown canyons had turned from it's playful, lost nature to a stressed one. His eyes made him look ten years older, wearier, wiser.
Enders sighed. His eyes glided downward to the bow he held in his palm. He gripped his fingers over the wooden material before relaxing his hold and repeating the grip. Not a moment later, his eyes lit up. “Oh! And, when you're father left, Aldridge took the position of second-in-command. He answers only to Robin Hood. He doesn't allow much else about himself to circulate.”
Harlow looked ahead at the exodus of people following in Aldridge's lead. “Why are you so interested in Robin and the outlaws?” Harlow blurted out. It was one of those questions she didn't think twice about, and instead of holding her tongue she let the words pour right out of her mouth. 'This,' she scolded herself, 'is the very reason people at home didn't like you.'
Harlow's shoulders tensed. It wasn't like she wanted his life story, or that she really even cared, for that matter. It was the fear of Enders figuring her out. She would be sent home immediately and indefinitely. That much was certain. Her palms felt moist under clenched, anxious fingertips. Her heartbeat was that of a speeding arrow.
Enders simply shrugged. “I always had a knack for adventurous things.”
A sigh of relief escaped her lips, but her fingers and shoulders refused to relax. “So, what will you do when you meet the infamous Robin Hood, then?” She almost cringed at her pathetic attempt for small talk, especially after what could have been such a huge disaster. 
His eyes casted downward for a moment before looking out over the people in front of him. “Ya' know, I've thought about that every day for eight years, but never had I thought it would be like this.”
Harlow tilted her head at him; her eyebrows knitted together. The questions, once again, sat on the tip of her tongue, but instead of asking, she held it back. She divereted her eyes forward and saw the men at the front of group had stopped moving.
The crowd stopped moving in an instant. Harlow almost didn't notice as she stopped a hair before colliding right into the person in front of her.
Harlow watched Aldridge as he stepped up onto another fallen, oak log and surveyed the area. This time he looked to his right, waiting patiently. He had his eyes trained on something.
No, not something.
Someone.
“Come on, Rob.” Aldridge said. It seemed his impatience was starting to get the best of him. Harlow made a mental note that he was a busy man, and steer clear of him for a while.
Harlow watched as a man came barreling out from behind a cabin at the left. He was smiling, picking up his pace while pulling a quiver of arrows onto his back. He was tall, but not taller than Aldridge. His hair was brown with hints of grey streaking through it. His green and brown attire, and the sword hung on his hip, made him look young and adventurous. He was generally handsome, although he had an older look to him; The similarities to her father were striking and heart wrenching at the same time.
“Calm down. I'm here, Chadwick.” The man said, a playful, almost carefree, smile sat on his lips.
“About time.” Aldridge muttered, hopping off the log. He walked to the left side and watched the man as he attempted to fix himself up in finality.
The man clasped his hands together and let his eyes roam over the crowd. “Alright, men!” He said stepping carefully to the middle of the log.
Harlow raised an eyebrow; He seemed a little too happy for someone in the middle of a war.
'Maybe he's lost his mind' she thought to herself, taking an opprotunity to look at the other men around. Or maybe it was too early for harsh judgements. 'Or...maybe he's just trying to keep his sanity,' she nodded silently to herself.
Barely a second passed before she turned her eyes on Enders. His jaw hung slack, his mouth agape, and his eyes sat wide.
Bewilderment and shock were the first two things that Harlow thought he may be.
Harlow wanted to sigh in contentment as her eyes stayed locked on Enders. Just before she had the chance to scold herself, she wondered why the men in her village couldn't be more like him: attractive, kind, adventurous. Attractive.
She noticed the way his eyes glued to the outlaw before them. She'd ask him what he was thinking later. He must have recognized him. 
“Men,” The man said adressing them, “We are not fighting a war. We are fighting for a revolution!” He smiled as the men clapped and cheered. Harlow did nothing but stare with an eyebrow raised. She'd taken to making mental observations of how the men acted. Next time someone made an awe-inspiring speech, she would know what to do.
It felt like the wind was blowing through her. She felt like glass on the edge of a table. A dull ache throbbed in her chest. She tried to drown it before her eyes began to sting with tears. She had no pride in being here, not when she had to run away from her father to do so. Instead, she turned her eyes to Enders. His lack of enthusiasm both intrigued and worried her. “Enders?” Harlow nudged his arm. “You okay?”
He snapped his head to her, closing his mouth and composing himself. “Yeah. I'm fine.” His voice was barely above a whisper, almost inaudible, but she was sure she'd heard it.
“I am Robin of Locksley.” The man put his arms to his sides and lowered his torso slightly: a playful bow.
Harlow immediately put two and two together. She glanced at Enders and realized that he was awestruck. She nodded to herself; That makes so much more sense now.
She instictively raised a hand to her hat, which sat snuggly on her head. She ran her hand around the brim, reassuring that no hair had escaped it's grip on the strands. If she was going to stand in front of Robin Hood, she had to make her father's reputation proud.
Robin took a moment to survey the men in front of him. “Alright. Seperate into three groups!” He ordered them, pointing to three areas for them to gather. He emphasized the equality of the groups being crucial, and watched as a frenzy of men scurried for their places among groups. “Aldridge has group A, I'll take group B, and William...” His eyes searched for a moment. He turned to Aldridge. “Is William here?”
Aldridge raised an eyebrow. “He came back late last night from the trading party raid.” He nodded toward a cabin at the edge of their gathering. “I imagine he's resting for training and overslept. I believe sleep is long overdue for him.” Harlow wanted to smile. Aldridge was pushing Robin in the direction of not waking William. She couldn't help but find it rather endearing that he cared. 
“Right.” Robin said, smiling as he looked at the crowd again. “We'll let him be, then.” Robin concluded, nodding happily at the decision. 
“Group C, then?” Aldridge raised an eyebrow at Robin, who beamed almost proudly at the recruits in front of him.
“Hm?” Robin asked, looking at him. “Oh! Yes, Group C will come with me as well.”
Aldridge suppressed a smile before he shook his head. “Right, well, Let's go then.” He beckonned his group to follow him, as Robin did the same to his.
The crowd started to move. Harlow was about to open her mouth and speak when she cocked her head and noticed that Enders was on the move. He had shifted from where he stood and made a driven effort to jump groups.
Her legs moved her before her brain did. All she knew is she wanted to be in a group where she knew somebody, and Enders was the only person she knew. 
'It's not because he's attractive,' she tried to rationalize.
She met him at the very edge of the group, where he had dodged his way rather inconspicuously. Harlow walked along with the group following Enders' lead. She briskly kept pace until she was walking at his side.
“So,” She started, eyes directed ahead. “I was fairly certain that about a minute ago we were in Group A.”
Harlow felt Enders' eyes on her. There was something there, but she couldn't place it. For a second she thought it was fear, in the same vein she was afraid someone would find out about the huge secret she carried on her shoulders. It was strange to see that same expression on someone else's face.
“I agree that Robin Hood would be a much more interesting instructor.” The words were slow to come out, but she knew it was the right thing to say. Whatever his reasoning was, he was entitled to keep it to himself.
“Yeah,” Enders said. His shoulders sagged a bit and his eyes flooded with relief. “His tales are inspiring.”
They fell silent for too long as the crowd moved ahead of them. It didn't seem to Harlow that Enders was suspicious of her, and as far as she was concerned, she had been happy she'd made at least one friend.
'This wont end well,' she thought, turning her eyes down. Harlow kept the thought in the back of her mind that if the two had become friends, like what seemed to be going on, he would hate her eventually. No doubt, he'd be angry with her deciet. But, then again, maybe he would understand that she had to do what she had to do.
“So, you saw I moved and followed me?” Enders asked, arching an eyebrow at her. Harlow noticed the way his brown hair bounced just a bit with his walking.
Harlow nodded. “I've always been too nosey for my own good.” She confided, shrugging nonchalantly, trying not to smirk at him. She felt as if she'd smiled too often since she'd arrived. 'Is it too girly to smile so often?'
“Seems like I would rather not have you on the battlefield with me.” Enders chuckled in a way that made Harlow melt inside. She stomped out the feeling before she could realize what was happening.
Harlow snorted, mentally congratulating herself for the unladylike gesture. “The battlefield is a totally different setting, my friend.”
Enders kept a skeptical eye on her for a moment before turning toward the moving crowd. “I certainly hope so.”
Harlow let a small smile plague her lips, a small fluttering creeping into her heart and expanding in her stomach.
She had to remind herself that in Sherwood City, she was a man. She had no time for girlish feelings, no time to find anyone handsome, and absolutely no time for suitors. 
With that notion in mind, she pushed her legs forward, keeping her pace steady with Enders. She tried forcing herself to not become totally and hopelessly enamoured by the man next to her.
She should've known that was never going to work.
Chapter Five

Harlow held three throwing knives in her left hand, her right hand keeping one blade at eye-level with herself and aiming down-sight at the tree.
Harlow exhaled slowly, a bead of sweat making it's way down the side of her face as she kept her posture. She felt her shirt's wet collar on the skin of her neck. Robin had had the men out there for almost four hours now, working on their stance, aim, and posture.
Some of the recruits, including Harlow, had managed to get Robin's permission to throw knives instead of practicing archery. She stood in line, alongside several outlaws, some holding bows with arrows ready to fire, others holding throwing knives, ready to propel the small blades forward.
Harlow stood in position. On her right stood a large man by the name of Reggie. His archery skills were good, better than her own. On her left, however, was Enders, who held his bow at eye-level, waiting for the signal to fire his arrow into the painted target.
Harlow noticed his eyes were beginning to droop and his face was getting sunburnt. He looked like he would fall over any second now, but he stayed put, his back straight and his eyes focused.
It was clear that he refused to give up until the bitter end. Harlow's upper arms were tired and trembling from pain and exhaustion. No matter how steady she tried to hold the blade, it always shook to the sides. Her eyes traced over Enders, his posture sturdy, straight, contained. She wondered where his insane resolve had come from and what she would have to do to get some of her own.
“Fire!” Robin shouted, verbally letting loose a frenzy of arrows and knives into the air.
Harlow let her fingers slip away from the blade she'd held in her grasp, letting it fly like the others. 
Her blade did not hit the target.
In fact, her throwing knife landed no where near the target. It, instead, curved to the left, landing just after the tree bearing the target on it. It was the furthest knife or arrow from the target and probably the worst aim of her life.
She shook her head as she looked down. She wasn't used to this amount of physical strain. Not to mention her focus was completely off since meeting Enders. She'd been able to forget his presence next to her for the first hour of training, but she'd had trouble since. Fear had been creeping at her door, always worried that he may notice how girlish she really was. 
And, her shots during the first hour were unmistakably great. Although, Robin didn't seem to notice or care.
Now, her heart raced with every shot. She felt like eyes were on her. She felt the undying need to impress; to bring respect to her father's name and legacy.
Robin shook his head as he made his way toward the left side of the tree, frustration unmistakable in his eyes. He bent over, picking up a renegade blade from the grass.
Harlow's renegade blade.
He held the knife up, his eyes looking it over as if it were a roach in his hand. He scanned the men's faces. “Who threw this?” His words dripped with animosity.
Harlow fell even more silent, if that were even possible. Her heart pounded hard against her chest, and her breathing turned to whispers in the wind. She didn't want to answer, but did she really have a choice?
“Well?!” Robin yelled, looking the crowd over, making sure his eyes landed on every single person before him.
Harlow looked back and forth, seeing all the confused, maybe even scared, faces. She breathed in silently, before reluctantly speaking up. “I did.”
Robin's eyes zeroed in on her. “You?” He asked stepping closer, looking her over. “What's your name?”
Harlow kept her eyes as steady as she possibly could, but exhaustion was getting the best of her. Her eyes were sluggish and slow. “Henry McBride.” Her voice matched her eyes, sounding nothing like how she expected to sound.
Robin looked taken aback for a moment. “McBride? You're Harrison's son?”
Harlow kept eye contact with the man. What was the worst he could do? Schedule her clean-up duty? Order that she practice all night? With some restored confidence, she spoke: 
“Aye. Harrison McBride is my father.”
Robin nodded. He held up the blade between his thumb and index finger. Fired eyes landed on her. “And this is how you throw a blade?” He was provoking her, and she hated to admit that it was working. The air around them became thick.
Harlow felt shock at first, but then a small ember of anger built in her gut. She narrowed her eyes evenly. 'Who is he to criticize my throwing aim?'
Robin turned his back on the men and walked toward the target tree, facing the crowd of recruits after several paces. He still held her blade between his index finger and thumb. “We are at a historical impasse, gentlemen!” He announced, looking them over.
Harlow felt her eyes droop. She felt her body sag. She'd been so physically drained,  but something emotionally in her woke up. Something in her started to come alive. The more his voice rang out over them, the more awake she became.
Robin turned his eyes on the small piece of metal in his hand, a look of pure disdain on his face as he did so. “And you completely miss the target?” He took several steps back toward Harlow. She remained calm, held her eyes even on him and pursed her lips. Her eyes filled with a rage she'd only felt for the piggish men in her village.
“Your father would be disappointed, don't you think so, Henry?” Robin asked, and the sarcasm was unbearable.
The more she thought on his words, the more anger built in her, the more she felt the impulse to throw a blade at him. This, however, was something she could, and did, think twice about.
Robin turned his back on her and stepped toward the target again, examining the shots. He placed his hands on his hips in a somehow masculine way. “Next time, men, try to actually hit the target!”
Harlow took in a deep breath, holding it in her lungs for as long as she could handle before letting it out. The anger continued to build up in her and her breathing was the last pathetic attempt she could give to make the anger subside.
She opened her eyes, and before she could really understand what was happening, she heard it: the whizzing of an arrow as it flew through the air.
At first, she thought she'd missed the “Fire!” in Robin's voice, but then she realized that it was only one arrow, and everyone was staring wide-eyed as it raced ahead of them. It caught somehow gracefully on the loose fabric of Robin's sleeve and sent him stumbling forward. The sound of tearing cloth filled the air around them.
Harlow felt as if her heart stopped.
Every recruit in line turned to face the direction the arrow had come from: her left side. She dropped her jaw.
Enders was holding his bow at the ready, his eyes baring down the field at Robin. Droplets of sweat came down in face from the sweltering sun and the small hair he had above his eyes remained glued to the moisture on his forehead. The anger in his eyes was something Harlow wished she'd never have to see again.
He dropped his bow a bit and let it hang almost limply in his right hand, which had retreated back to his side.
Robin Hood stared for a moment at the ripped fabric of his shirt. His turn was slow and bewildered. His eyes roamed over the hole that now graced his shirt.
Robin turned back, looking to the target tree and seeing a newly added arrow in the center of the paint: a bullseye, and undoubtedly the best shot of the evening. Robin turned his eyes on the recruits, and after a short second of astonishment, he smiled.
He eyed the bow that hung in Enders' hand.
“What's your name?” Robin asked, stepping forward, an excited smile on his lips.
“Enders Hode.” His voice was ragged and tired in the silence. He raised one arm to wipe the sweat from his face with his sleeve.
Robin nodded, still smiling like a child. “Enders Hode.” He took a few steps back and looked to the rest of the recruits. “Now,” he paused, looking to the crowd around them, “That” He emphasized, pointing to Enders, “is what Sherwood Forest needs. Good work, Enders Hode.”
Enders felt Harlow's eyes on him, but he kept his focus and looked ahead, studying the target.
“Weapons up everybody!” Robin shouted, stepping backward toward the side of the tree.
Harlow sighed, taking the next knife from her palm and holding it at eye level.
She tried not to wonder if Enders' eyes had been on her before Robin's voice rang out in the trees:
“Fire!”

*~*~*

Night came, engulfing the camp in darkness. Nobody lit any torches or started any fires. That was one of the first lessons they'd learned at camp: No fires at night. It was precautionary, in case any of the King's men were scoping out the area.
Harlow slipped quietly into the cabin where twelve other men made themselves at home. A group to the right sat hooting over some joke one of the men had made. Harlow noticed Enders in the bunch. She averted her eyes immediately, trying to avoid him and find a nice place to set up her stuff.
She scanned the room. and found a small cot in the corner. It was farther away from everyone else and was rather secluded.
Perfect.
She walked to the cot, a set of thick blankets on the hardwood floor, and dropped her bag onto it. She placed her weapons up against the wall next to her and sat down.
She ruffled through her bag, looking at her things, making sure she had everything. She hadn't brought much, seeing as most of her things were far too feminine. She had, however, managed to make off with some of her more precious items that wouldn't give her away.
She looked around the room again, examining the proximity of each cot to the next. She had a cot to the far side, which no one had taken; she found it odd, but decided not to question it.
After she'd gone through her bag, she plopped it onto the floor next to her, and stretched out on the blankets. It was the most comfort she'd been in all day, even with her under-wrapping firmly in place, keeping her chest looking flat. But, she was so tired it hadn't bothered her.
Her eyes fluttered as she tried to think of ways to conceal herself while feeling comfortable at the same time. She concluded it wasn't very possible. She felt her body start to slip into a comatose state, sleep overtaking her ability to think.
“Henry?” Harlow jumped up, one hand going for her weaponry, the other propping herself up. Fire felt like it flowing to her fingertips.
“Whoa!” Enders' exclaimed, putting his hands up defensively. He let out a small chuckle.
Harlow let out a breath of relief and calmed down. She removed her hand from her weapon and rubbed her palms over her face. “Sorry.” She said simply, giving him a weak smile.
“A little defensive, I see.” He said, sitting down next to her cot and crossing his legs.
Harlow snorted. “Yeah, well, only when I sleep.”
Enders nodded. “I'd say.”
Silence fell over the two, as Harlow ran things through her mind. Was her hat still on? Was her hair poking out? Did she look too feminine in her sleep? 
“How ya' holding up?” Enders asked, catching Harlow's attention and bringing her back to reality.
Harlow nodded and looked at him. “I'm fine.” She furrowed her eyebrow at him, noticing the group of men in the corner, still being loud and disruptive. “How are you?”
Enders' shrugged, looking away from her. “Fine.” The two sat in silence for a moment. “You looked really distracted during training.”
Harlow nodded. “Did I really?”
Enders smiled a bit. “Yeah. You really did.”
Harlow smiled at her hands in her lap, before looking at him. “Well, I'm fine. Thanks for the concern.”
Enders sighed and moved slightly, to stand up. “Alright, I'll let you get to sleep then.”
Harlow nodded, offering a slight smile, moving to lay back down.
“But, um,” He said, before she laid back down. “Robin was was being melodramatic. You're really good with those throwing knives.”
Harlow furrowed her eyebrows at him. “Well, thank you. You're pretty good with that bow.”
Enders smiled. “Thanks.” He looked over to his cot and let out a sigh as he stood. “Well, goodnight then.”
Harlow gave him one last nod as he walked away. She furrowed her eyebrows as she laid down, but exhaustion took over her and she was asleep the second her head hit the pillow.

*~*~*

“Hold your sword steady, Henry. You'll take the offensive stance.” Robin exclaimed as he walked in between groups of recruits. Circles were made with wooden blocks to create several small rings for training. Robin weaved behind Harlow, on the other side of the circle as he examined her fighting.
It had been four days since Enders sent an arrow through Robin's shirt.
Naturally, Robin had been keeping a close eye at him, making sure he was stable and trustworthy. Robin had told the recruits a day or so ago that in the forest you must trust the people around you, that if you couldn't trust them, you may as well be fighting a war on your own.
Harlow noticed his eyes on Enders every time the two were training, but by extension, Robin would keep a close eye on her as well, sometimes congratulating her on her stances and technique. 
“Enders, you try to block and maneuver. This is your defensive stance.” Robin continued his exclamations.
	Enders paused for a moment after Robin passed and wiped the sweat off his forehead. He tilted his head and looked at Harlow.
Harlow smiled a little bit and shrugged. 
Robin turned to all the other groups. “Follow this pattern, all of you! One person takes the offensive, the other takes the defensive!” He shouted so everyone could hear.
Robin placed everyone in pairs, setting each group up based on their level of expertise in swordplay, placing inexperienced people with similarly inexperienced people and so on.
He stepped back after a few more explanatory words, making sure he could see everyone. “Everybody ready?!” He shouted. A few Aye's rang out in the forest. “Start!”
Harlow looked at Enders, holding a wooden sword at her side, the tip digging into the ground. “You ready to lose, Hode?”
Enders smiled at her sarcastically. “Not gonna happen, McBride.”
Harlow chuckled, keeping him off guard before swinging her stick at him.
Enders was quick, throwing up his own stick to deflect the strike. The two pieces of carved wood collided, causing an intense vibration to crawl down her arms. “That's cheap, McBride.”
Harlow grinned, trying to cover up the slight thumping of her heart at the sight of his hair swinging attractively just above his eyes and the mischievous smile he wore.

*~*~*

Harlow let out a loud 'Oof,' as her shoulder collided with the dirt. It didn't hurt at first, but it was frustrating. She rolled her eyes and lifted herself up to see Enders standing victoriously on the other end of the circle. A smug grin plagued his lips. He's stabbed the tip of his sword into the dirt and leaned against the fake sword's handle. “Had enough?” He asked. His arrogance was unreal and incredibly off-putting.
'You are so not handsome right now.'
Harlow gritted her teeth, rubbing her shoulder. “Not quite.” She hissed, lifting herself from the ground and massaging the side of her arm. She knew there would be a nasty bruise; she wondered if their nurse, Evie, could give her something to dull the ache that has already started.
Enders lifted an eyebrow, tapping the side of his lip twice.
Harlow paused for a moment, raising two fingers to the side of her lips. She pulled them back, seeing blood that she hadn't yet tasted on her fingers. It was a small cut, but it bled more than she would have liked.
The smug smile that remained planted on Enders' lips made her blood boil. Sure, he'd been victorious, but he could have been just a little bit humble, right? “You should probably stop for now.”
Harlow raised an eyebrow. “I'm fine, Hode. Are you getting too tired to keep it up?”
Enders let out a small chuckle. “No, no. Simply bored of winning, that's all.” He grinned at her, confidently checking his nails.
Harlow gritted her teeth again, adrenaline rushing through her veins. Her blood boiled with anger, with frustration, with hatred, and with the power of a thousand horses. He was like the boys that used to pick on her, the boys who made her feel weak and vulnerable. The boys who all rejected her because she was too masculine; because she didn't have a mom like the rest of the women did.
Harlow raised her wooden weapon and charged at him, faking him out on his left and rushing at his right. She jabbed him quickly; he rushed a hand to cradle his side. Then she slammed the whole side of her stick into his stomach. He let out a loud, painful noise before he doubled over.
While he was vulnerable, Harlow took the blunt end of the wooden stick and let it come down hard on his upper back. His body's collision with the dirt and grass was one that made Harlow feel a bitter happiness.
She sauntered over to where he lay and put the wood into his side, pushing him onto his back. His breathing was ragged and labored; blood dripping down the side of his nose. He looked up at her with angry eyes.
She placed her foot just below his throat, and when he moved to stand up, she pressed down harder to keep him still. She looked down at him, keeping her foot pressed down on his chest while she moved the tip of the stick to his neck. Harlow paused for a moment. His eyes glared holes into her. “Is that really all you've got, Hode?”
The adrenaline she'd had a few moments ago left her behind, returning her to her tired and sore state. The pain in her shoulder came back with so much ferocity that it nearly immobilized her.
She stumbled back a bit, releasing him from her foot's grip on his neck. She extended her hand, which he'd contemplated refusing, but gripped it regardless.
Harlow lifted her head to her surrounding, realizing the eerie quietness that existed at the moment. The circles of men had stopped fighting and had turned their attentions to Harlow and Enders.
Her eyes scanned around them and before she could think about it, words were coming out of her mouth. “Shows over, Men!” She yelled out in the best tone she could muster in her state. She had to admit that her voice had become considerably more masculine over the last few days.
The men all turned back to their fights, some smiled at her before they turned, signaling that she had their approval as far as the battlefield went.
Everyone had stayed in their circle, except for a few men who wandered from the back of the field.
Harlow stumbled a bit closer to Enders. “Are you okay?” She asked, leaning on her sword, which she'd stabbed into the sand-like dirt.
Enders looked up from his hands and connected his eyes with hers, his eyebrow raised as always. “Aye, I'm fine.”
Harlow raised her eyebrow at him, mocking him, bringing one hand to the side of her nose and tapping it twice for him to check the blood that dripped out of the edge.
Enders chuckled, and rubbed his mouth on his sleeve. “I may have underestimated you, McBride. Maybe we should stop for a break.” He turned his back to walk away.
Harlow shrugged, momentarily forgetting about the pain in her shoulder and being instantly reminded by a searing pain she chose to ignore. “You scared, Hode?”
She didn't know why she pushed so hard; why she cared so much to prove herself.
Enders paused and turned to face her again, a grin on his lips. He walked back into the circle and gripped the wooden handle of his sword. “Never.”
Chapter Six

The sun started to go down over the horizon four days later.
Harlow stood offensively in the circle. The last couple of days, she'd been out in the training circles with Enders, practicing different strategies.
At the moment, Enders was knocked down on his back, heaving in and letting out ragged breaths.
Harlow stood victoriously in front of him, looking down. “Oh, Come on, Hode.” Harlow chuckled, realizing a second to late how high-pitched her voice was.
The sharp sound made him grin. “Oh yeah? Manhood hit you a little late, McBride?”
Harlow raised an eyebrow and rolled her eyes. “Say what you will. You're the one on the ground.”
Enders lifted himself from the ground. “I doubt it will stay that way for long.”
Harlow noticed his attitude take a slightly more arrogant turn.
She rolled her eyes when he wasn't paying attention. “Ready?” She asked, getting into position.
He took a step forward. “Aye.”
Harlow gave him several more seconds to prepare while she raised her hand to her hair and made sure her hat was securely on her head.
She was unprepared when Enders came flying toward her, his wooden sword raised in hand, and his eyes focused on her.
Harlow dodged as quickly as she could, just barely rolling out of the way. She bounded up from the ground and landed back on her feet in one fluid motion. The move was one she could probably never pull off again. Agility hadn't been her strong suit. She looked around for her sword; it was a few feet away, behind Enders and totally out of reach.
Again, Enders came toward her.
She knew that they were just practicing, but fear prickled on the back of her neck.
Instead of asking for a break, she looked around her. There was nothing she could use to defend herself; nothing but her own limbs.
She ran to the side, then spun backward when Enders came toward her.
Without thinking, she flung her elbow up making the sharpest noise she'd ever heard come from the human body.
She turned around as Enders stumbled backward a bit, his eyes wide.
Enders had dropped his sword, both hands up to his face holding his nose, blood pouring through the cracks in his fingers.
Harlow rushed over and grabbed Enders' sword which lay tossed aside. “Whoa! Enders, are you okay?!”
Enders looked down at his hands, then up to her. “I don't know. Do I look okay?” Sarcasm. “What do you have in those bones, McBride? Steel?”
Harlow stared as the blood poured from his nose and down his forearms. “My Father taught me how to do that.”
Enders rolled his eyes in annoyance. “Yeah, you're father knows everything. He's so great.”
Harlow raised an eyebrow and tilted her head at him. He was angry, that much she knew, but this happened all the time. It was just a fact in the world they lived in. She looked around, relieved that no one else was on the field, most everyone gathering around evening fires to eat dinner. 
“Enders, what's wrong with you?” Her voice wasn't harsh, it wasn't even loud. She tried to remain as calm and even as she could. “You're acting belligerent.”
That was the wrong thing to say. 
Or maybe it was just the wrong time to say it.
“I'm acting belligerent?!” Enders shouted. “What? Am I acting like an animal? No, No, Henry. I'm acting like a normal, fighting soldier. I'm doing what I have to do. You're always bragging, always acting better than everyone else. You're always talking about how great you're father was and how much he taught you. You're trying to live out some legacy that wasn't meant for you. I'm no animal. I'm not the belligerent one.” The pure hatred in his voice caught Harlow off guard. Enders hadn't yelled; his voice was level and he'd turned his eyes down at the blood covering his hands. Most of the bleeding had stopped, but that didn't stop him from being angry.
Harlow stood frozen as she let her eyes roam over Enders. Her voice was momentarily caught in her throat. She couldn't decide if he was angrier than the day he shot an arrow into Robin's sleeve. 
“What exactly are you holding against me? That I'm proud of my father? That I'm not as good a fighter as I should be?” Harlow's voice rose, her blood boiled in her veins. “You're not making sense, Enders. If you're going to fight with someone at least have manners!” She exclaimed the last word, filling the forest with echoes.
The incredulous look on his face was enough for her to know she'd begun pushing buttons she should not have. “You're criticizing my manners!?” Enders exclaimed at her. “At least my manners aren't totally boorish!” His voice started to shake, his fists trembling at his sides. His anger was starting to boil over. “At least I'm not disrespectful enough to show off all of my accomplishments everywhere I go!” Enders turned his face toward the ground after a long look of disgust in her direction. His cheeks and lips were flushed with blood, although the flow had stopped for the time being. He'd be all right; maybe it wasn't even broken. “I'm sure daddy would be real proud, Henry.” 
Harlow cringed at the malice in his voice. Her body seemed to thaw out and she was able to move and think again; she was going to respond, but as he turned to walk away her heart began a dull ache in her chest. He was gone before she had the chance to do or say anything else.
She shook her head, trying to calm her racing nerves.
Nothing worked.
Of course, she always talked about her father, because it was the only thing she had in common with everyone else here.
She wasn't a soldier. She wasn't anything like these men. She wasn't even a man.
'I guess that means training is over for the day,'  Harlow thought to herself. The sarcasm in her head was almost unbearable to even her. She picked up her own wooden sword in her right hand and carried Enders' in her left. She made the four-minute walk to the cabin that both Enders and Harlow stayed in along with eleven other men.
Harlow stepped into the small building, the setting sun casting its last rays through the window and onto the hardwood floor. It was empty. Not even Enders had resolved to go to the cabin. She scanned the mattresses, trying to remember where Enders slept.
It wasn't hard to spot his cot. It was the only one that was kept neat and clean, well-made and well-folded. She shook her head and let out a small huff.
'And I called him ill-mannered,' She thought, walking to his mattress and placing his wooden sword on the right side of it.
She took the moment to look over the way he arranged his things. She wondered what his life was like before he'd come here. Maybe he was a totally different person. Harlow knew he'd left behind his mother, but everything else about him was concealed in a fine blanket of his trust. 
She sighed and walked to her own cot, collapsing on it. She let the cot cradle her sore limbs.
She was asleep before anyone even came in.

*~*~*

The sun came up the next morning, touching her eyes and making her stir. She groaned for a moment, stretching her arm up before opening her eyes. It took a full five minutes to get her tired eyes to open.
That's when she saw no one.
The cabin was completely empty. Bed spreads were sprawled all over the floor; training gear was missing from every space.
She gaped at the emptiness, immediately pushing herself up and rushing to grab her weapons. She attached them to herself, rushing out of the cabin and stumbling over everything in her way as she forced herself forward.
Harlow double checked herself as she ran for the training area, her heart thumping wildly in her chest; Robin would never let her forget it if she forgot something. Robin had warned the recruits that they would only be using the wooden weaponry he gave them. They needed everyone alive, and because of some casualties and injuries during previous training sessions, they'd switched to less threatening weapons. The real, metal blades were supposed to be used only for real combat. He'd made a big show of another recruit, Andrew, when he'd forgotten his wooden sword. It had been painful to watch.
Harlow barreled past Aldridge's training group. She was almost certain that she looked like a total mess, but she didn't care. She needed to get to the field as soon as she could.
She approached the training area that Robin had his group at. He was perched at the side as usual, half watching them, half critiquing them.
Harlow took several paces forward, looking over the group. She spotted a sweaty Enders practicing swordplay with another man in one of the farther circles.
He was there.
'He didn't wake me. No one woke me.' Harlow felt the frustration build within her.
She saw some of the men smile at her mischievously. She couldn't decide if they'd done it to be mean or if they'd done it to play some sort of joke. She settled for giving them a small, confident smile back.
The betrayal sank deep into her heart.
Harlow was convinced that what had happened yesterday would be mended. In the time she'd spent here, blending in with them, she knew Enders the most. And he was not one to hold a grudge. 
He was so reasonable.
That was what she'd thought anyway.
“McBride!” She heard her name being called. She knew who it was before she turned to her right to face him.
“Yes, Sir?” She said. Her voice had improved at least. She wasn't so afraid to speak when she could fake the masculine tone so well. She wondered if she would be stuck speaking that way for the rest of her life.
“You're late.” He said, walking toward her. Gray strands of hair stood out among the brown. His eyebrow was raised in question. Harlow could tell this wouldn't end well.
She furrowed her eyebrows at him momentarily. She couldn't place it, but there was a fleeting moment of familiarity. It was gone before she could give it much more thought.
“Aye.” She said simply.
Robin put his hands on his hips, his eyebrow still an arch over his right eye. “No excuse?”
Harlow tried to keep her eyes even. She had the strongest urge to turn her gaze to Enders, but refused. Sure, he hadn't woken her, but she was an adult. She was responsible for herself. “None, Sir.”
Robin nodded. “Alright.” He scanned the area and all of the men who were fighting. Most had stopped fighting to watch; Others pretended that they weren't paying attention. Outlaws weren't ever very coy.
No one had ever been late to training.
No one.
The men's eyes were on her because everyone was curious how this would play out.
“Is there anyone unpaired here?” Robin asked to the crowd. Everyone murmured and then looked around.
Harlow looked Enders' way. His eyes were on her. She felt self-conscious, but forced her eyes to stay on him for several seconds. She wanted him to feel her discomfort, but she broke after a few seconds and turned her eyes to the other recruits. 
Enders looked almost guilty. His betrayal still stung her to her very core. He accused her of being self-centered and ill-mannered. Now, he hadn't even woken her for training. 
Her anger had dissipated into a distant pain in her chest. 
He'd been her only friend here. Her only ally.
She assumed that he'd turned into her greatest rival.
She reached a hand up to make sure her hair was still neatly tucked into her hat. The act had started as a way to make sure she wouldn't be caught, but now it had become a nervous habit.
Robin turned back to her and started thinking aloud. “Well, Enders already has a partner.” Enders didn't look phased by the mention of his name. Harlow returned her eyes to him for only a moment before he averted his eyes. “So, you'll be practicing with me today.”
Harlow snapped her eyes to Robin. The mad grin on his face would have been hilarious if he'd been saying that to anyone but her. She felt her chest tighten; her palms were getting sweaty. She was practicing with Robin Hood? She'd definitely lose this battle.
Robin was on the move, walking toward the back of the field where one, lone, free circle sat totally unoccupied.
Harlow tried to fight her racing heart as she walked after Robin. She felt the eyes of a field of men on her. She felt the apprehension in her chest, her heart beating wildly against her breast. She felt the blood coursing through her veins and the fear of a lifetime well up in her stomach. The other recruits followed a few steps behind her and made a large semi-circle next to their circle.
Robin pulled up his wooden sword and took the defensive.
Harlow looked at him for a long moment. Defensive?
She shook her head. “No.”
Robin, cocking his head to the side, rested his right hand on his hip and looked her over. “What?”
“You took the defensive side. You never take defensive. I know you've trained with my Father. You know all his moves.” Harlow tried to stand firm. Her legs shook beneath her. She let her head tilt to the side in confusion as her right eyebrow arched over brown eyes. Then, things finally came together in her head. Everything untangled like a stubborn rope. “You're looking for my weakness.”
Robin lifted his chin, staring down his nose at her. He stayed that way for only a moment before breaking into a grin. “You're good.” He moved into the offensive position without another word.
Harlow shrugged. “My Father taught me.” She shot a glance at Enders. She meant the comment to strike him, but his face was construed in anxiety. His jaw was hung slightly ajar. Two semi-arched eyebrows sat over beautifully crafted eyes, and two inches of brown hair stuck to his forehead.
Harlow forced her attention away from him and back to Robin. 
“Ready?” Robin asked, twirling the stick in his hand.
Harlow exhaled an unsteady breath. Her heart pounded in her chest.  “Aye.” She kept her sword at her side. Her eyes roamed the circle around her. She was out of options and ideas.
Robin raised an eyebrow when she didn't move for the defensive. He sighed, hesitant. “Alright.”
Harlow let the sword hang at her side. Why should she be ont eh defense? Why couldn't she attack him? Her mind was made up in a matter of milliseconds; She wasn't going on the defensive. She was going to be on the offensive. He'd have no choice but to defend. She could have the upper hand – if she played this right.
Robin lifted the wooden sword and charged forward.
Harlow dove to the side and rolled out of the circle. She kept her eyes on him, expecting him to pause. Instead, he gave a small nod and charged again, his eyes watching her like a hawk watches its prey.
This time Harlow shifted to the side by a foot or two, missing the wooden sword by just a few inches. The adrenaline started to pump through her veins, and her shaking hands had become steady. Without a second thought, she swung the practice sword to her side and let it collide painfully with Robin's leg.
His small yelp of pain almost caught her off-guard.
The men who were supposed to be training had already stopped and kept their eyes on the fight going on before them. A few, she noticed, let out sounds of sympathy when her sword crashed into Robin's shin. 
A distraction, She thought to herself, that's all they are. She heard people talking about her; her name rang out once or twice in the midst of three dozen soldiers.
Robin swung low, while her brain worked twice as hard to keep her focus on the fight. Her feet suddenly felt stiff and shaky. Her boots felt like they were sinking in the mud. The grass ached to console her broken body.
Harlow saw it coming, but only at the very last second, and jumped. She careened to the side, knicking the sword with the tip of her boot. It was enough to make her heart pause, to make her palms sweat, to make the fear of God rise in her chest, but she made it safely over the sword without falling to the ground.
The second her feet met the Earth, she summoned all the strength she had left and swung her stick to the right, letting it hurtle through the air at her stomach's level. She felt the vibrations of a solid hit before he saw that it had actually collided with something. Her eyes landed on Robin, his form doubled over and clutching his abdomen. A struggled grunt escaped form his lips and he turned his eyes up to meet hers.
Rage was the first thing she registered. While her eyes were nothing but panicked about this encounter, his were getting angry. He did not like losing, that much she knew already, but losing to a recruit? Now, that was enough to cause a damn war.
Robin pinned himself straight and charged fast. She saw the pain in his face, but he pushed it away. 
Harlow raised her sword up to deflect the blow, which sent a million small vibrations through the wood and into her sweat-slick palms. She was losing control on the situation – and it was happening fast. She felt her palms begin to slide down the wooden handle and almost out of her palm when Robin retreated only a foot. A foot wasn't much, but it was enough to compose herself. 
Harlow made a small back step and charged toward Robin, her sword held at her side. He deflected the blow with what looked like ease – or arrogance. Harlow couldn't tell with him anymore.
Harlow's arms were sore and strained. Her upper arms began to tremble as they tumbled into the cabin area, passing the lake, and almost busting into the kitchen area. Men from all over camp had decided that this was much more interesting than what they'd been doing and decided to follow. 
Robin was pushing her back with every move and every step. He'd lunge for her and she would barely miss the attack. She'd lunge back, but he was skilled and was able to completely dodge, shifting away, and take advantage of her ignorance.
When they'd approached the lake the second time, Robin had reached out a hand, grabbed her arm and tried to throw her into the murky water below. She didn't regret the hard stomp she gave to his foot as much as the bone-chilling bite she took on his hand.
'Sneaky, Sore-Losing Bastard.'
Robin had found that McBride's leg strength had surpassed her arm strength. It was something he hadn't expected, but hell if he was going to make that public knowledge.
Neither were winning, but neither were losing either, and that was something that completely terrified Harlow and enraged Robin.
No one had ever fought Robin this way. Everyone thought he was some kind of invincible man, someone who would always be on the winning end of things. Nobody counted on him actually being human, but he wasn't too shocked that it was a McBride that was willing to take up the mantle.
Robin lunged at her again, ragged breath, but not completely drained like she was. It took everything in her to dodge, and even then, the side of the wooden sword nicked her arm as she drew herself away.
The men around her began to murmur again. She heard one man mention that the fight could end in a draw. Harlow felt a rise of frustration in her chest – she'd be damned if she didn't fight this out until she was on the verge of death.
Harlow heard her fathers name. Her strength built. It was a moment of weakness, of arrogance. Her pride was swollen by the recognition, but when her eyes shifted up to the crowds of men around them, they crashed into pools of brown irises looking back at her. Her heart stopped in her chest. Every noise stopped around her. The distraction lasted for only a moment, but that moment was just enough for the fight to be over.
Her eyes had lingered on him for too long.
Robin's sword made a harsh collision into her gut. She guttural cry of pain seemed almost foreign in her mouth. She doubled-over, clutching her abdomen with her left hand. Her right hand still held her fingers around the wooden sword in a faint grasp, using all of the energy she had left not to drop it.
Her yelp of pain was feminine; much to feminine for her own good. She thought for sure she was done, everyone would know; but, instead, laughs burst out.
It was something she'd call good timing – or a miracle; she really couldn't decide.
The laughing threw her off guard, but it made Robin arrogant. His ego was boosted. His recruits wouldn't doubt him. She shook her head, even though she stood in half, her left hand cradling her stomach as a harsh pain took over the skin.
Harlow's pain was seering for a second, but the longer she looked at Robin, the stronger her grip on her sword became. She straightened herself out while Robin was focused on being arrogant with the men around him.
Harlow tried to stand as tall as she could and with everything left in her, she raised one leg and kicked him hard in the gut. He stumbled backward, barely managing to maintain his balance.
The men stopped laughing. 
They stopped talking.
They stopped everything.
Harlow knew better than to walk over and see if he was okay. He was as strategic as she was, and she knew he would take her down easily.
Her world started to spin, the pain in her stomach rising as the strength to fight abandoned her. Her left grew weaker with every second; after only three seconds she felt her legs collapse under her, knees folding as her bottom made its impact with the ground. Her head fell back, her breathing so labored she thought it would take ten years to take another stable breath.
Robin took the risk of stepping forward and looking down at her on the ground. He coughed twice as he took in ragged breaths. “McBride,” He took in an exhausted breath. He reached one hand out to her, extending his help to her. “That was one of the best matches I've had in years.”
Harlow took in a deep breath, a small smile playing on her lips. 
“Thank you,” she said, unwilling to balloon up his ego by attaching a 'Sir' at the end. She grasped his hand and let him carry her weight.

*~*~*

Training had been intense. 
After her match with Robin, one of the men had gotten sick, so a recruit named Reggie was left without someone to train with.
Harlow gladly took the sick mans' place.
Reggie was a big man. Short brown hair sat upon his head, and clean amber eyes sat under dark lashes. He was bold, but cunning from what Harlow could tell. She remembered seeing him climb a tree like it was a ladder. He may have been wide, but his capabilities were endless. His thick arms and legs were an advantage in this forest.
Harlow reached out her hand and gripped his when he offered. “Henry McBride. Nice to meet you.”
Reggie nodded at her. She could feel an air of reluctance about him. “Reggie Chaldean. Same, of course.”
Reggie smiled at Harlow before he hesitantly looked at his weapon. “I know it's been a pretty tough day. What if, for now, we go a little easy on each other?” He offered.
Harlow inwardly breathed a sigh of relief. She tried to cover it, but it was evident in the way her body relaxed from the suggestion. It was an offer she would willingly accept. “That would be nice. Thank you, Reggie.” She said, in her best masculine tone once again.
Reggie simply nodded, holding up his sword. “Let's fight.” He exaggerated with a chuckle.
The two didn't fight long, only enough to pass the time and relax from the trying day.
Reggie confided in her, telling her that he'd lost four matches today. He was having an off week, he explained, it was hard being away from home.
Harlow completely sympathized, telling him she felt the exact same way. Even though it wasn't exactly manly in their book, she wanted Reggie to know everyone felt the same way he did.
She was on her way back to the cabin around sun down. The sun had fallen just past the horizon, when she meandered through a shortcut, following a dirt path. On her right were some of the closer cabins; if she followed the path another ten yards, her cabin would be sitting on the far right, overlooking the lake. She felt like home every time she saw the chipped wood on the outside, heard it's creaky steps, and smelled the beautiful archaic oak that made up its' walls.
The pier sat on her left; she'd glance in the direction, barely appreciating the way the suns' rays bounced off it's murky water and ping-ponged into her soul. She had to do a double-take to realize who it was that sat uncomfortably on the rickety, old planks.
Her feet refused to be moved any further down the path, the deepest of all sighs running along her gritted teeth. A minuscule frustration built in her tummy and rose to her chest, but it was overridden by a heavy sorrow in her soul.
The right thing to do would be to end this argument she was having with him, right? Or would it be to completely ignore him and move on with her life? The latter would assure her that she wasn't caught and sent away, but a dull ache in her chest refused to accept that option. She walked to the pier, her footsteps shaking the old, wooden planks. The pier moaned and creaked under her toes.
She sat down hesitantly next to him. His stare remained unbroken from the water. 
Harlow didn't know what to say so she stayed silent. The silence dragged on into a full two minutes, her eyes fixated on the lowering sun. She twiddled her fingers in her lap and let the air grow thick around them.
The silence became to much. She turned her head in his direction, her eyes cast away from him.
“Listen, Enders--”
“Henry, I--”
His voice came simultaneous over hers. Harlow cracked a small smile, and rose her eyes to Enders. He chuckled a quiet, almost inaudible thing, but it was the smile on his lips that made her heart thump twice as hard.
That smile.
That smile. It was so genuine it made her feel ten pounds lighter and a hundred times heavier. He wore so many things in his eyes: defeat, anxiety, exhaustion. Harlow couldn't decide if he was any one of them over the other.
Her pulse thumped hard in her throat, but she did not like it. Not one bit.
“You go ahead.” Harlow said to him, her hand gesturing to him as she propped one leg up and rested her arm on her knee.
Enders nodded. He sighed and looked down at the still water that almost licked the bottom of his shoes. “I shouldn't have yelled. I overreacted.” He let his eyes fall on Harlow. “I'm sorry.”
Harlow smiled. “It's okay. I'm sorry, too. I know it's hard to be here, away from your parents.”
Enders chuckled. “Tell me about it.” He shook his head. “My mother is not to ecstatic right now. I'm all she has left.”
Harlow furrowed her eyebrows. “Oh, Enders I'm sorry. I didn't know your father...passed.”
Enders shrugged. “Yeah, well, he didn't really pass.” Enders chuckled sadly. A quiet moment fell between them before he added: “He left us.”
Harlow's lips parted as her eyes remained fixed on him. His body sagged, there was a sadness within him that she couldn't reach. She struggled to find something to say to him, to comfort him, but nothing came.
“I know what you're thinking. I'm fine.” Enders turned his gaze on the water and the treetops beyond. “It's done with.”
Harlow nodded. Silence settled between them, almost awkwardly. She tried to think of things to say, but nothing popped up for a while. It was only after ten minutes of a semi-comfortable silence that one idea flew into her head. She wrestled herself, wondering whether or not it was a good thing to say. Finally, she admitted defeat and broke the silence in the least awkward way possible.
“Do you know the tale about Little John and the Cook?”
Enders nodded, a broken piece of the pier in his hand. He twirled it in his fingers for a moment before he hurled it over the lake. “Aye. It's one of the best.”
Harlow's lips released the smallest of smiles. “There's a bit of that story missing.”
Enders tilted his head and looked at her from under his eyelashes. “What do you mean?”
Harlow looked out on the lake. “I mean that,” She paused throwing a renegade rock that laid on the pier. “The cook, he actually fell in love with this woman. She was a very important, high-class, high-status woman.”
Enders turned his eyes back to the lake as the sun setting itself over the trees on the horizon. His lips pursed and his eyebrows knit together above brown eyes. If he were a dog, his ears would have perked upright, and he'd be standing at attention.
Harlow hushed her voice a bit in sadness. “That woman died for the love they shared; punished by the Sheriff and the King. After all, the cook is just a lowly peasant-type. You can't mingle blood.”
Enders' frame dropped an inch.
Harlow let her voice fall lower, just above a whisper. “That woman was my mother.”
Enders' eyes snapped back to her again, holding her gaze for several stunned seconds. 
“And you wouldn't know it if you looked at him, but my father makes a mean beef stew.” Harlow joked, chuckling a bit, afraid to look at Enders. Her eyes remained trained on her fingers in her lap, playing with a rock in her palm.
Enders' shock was written all over his face, his eyes conveying the deepest of sympathies. Harlow almost laughed at it. This was the life she lived everyday, and it was not deserving of his sympathies.
“I know what you're thinking. I'm fine.” She repeated his words from earlier. “It's done with.”
Silence fell over them, his eyes lingering on her for a few extra moments before falling back onto the water in front of him. It had become dark, the sun falling behind the treetops. The water was a dark hue of gray, not letting anyone see what lies in it's depths. 
“We do what we must to make the pain of losing someone go away. So, if we must make a few jokes, then so be it. At least that way the pain is numbed.” Harlow said, looking one more time at Enders, before raising a hand to her hat and making sure it was on securely, no strands of hair poking out. She pushed herself up and stood next to him for a moment.
“I'd like to be friends, if you're interested.” She offered, seriously, although her voice was more on terms with a joke.
Enders chuckled. “Aye. That's a fantastic idea.”
Harlow nodded, her heart thumping with anticipation for training. “I'll see you tomorrow on the field?”
Enders smiled. “Aye.”
Chapter Seven

Days and weeks seemed to pass without acknowledgment. 
Harlow's heart would thump like crazy for Enders, but she fought to control it. Of course, she couldn't, so her emotional battles were in vain. Every day was a new struggle to contain a racing heart and avert her wandering eyes.
She was shocked that no one had discovered her yet. It had been five months since she'd started living among thieves. She missed home, but living in Sherwood wasn't as bad she'd imagined.
They practiced swordplay more frequently than archery, but Robin noticed this pattern and started to send everybody to the archery range instead.
For a month, they had intense archery training.
For another month after, all they did was throw knives and daggers.
Three people were hit by renegade knives that month. Luckily, though, they hadn't lost their lives; nasty scars sat on the cheeks or arms as a reminder that they could never be too careful, even amongst themselves.
Harlow hadn't really wanted the change, but when she bathed, she noticed that her stomach muscles had profited. She thought it looked a little too masculine, but there was nothing she could do to go back to the way she was before. She came so her father wouldn't have to, and she trained so she could survive among them.
She wasn't well versed in archery. She considered it one of her weaknesses, although she could keep herself alive in a forest for a few hours, if the need arose. 
She hadn't ever really thought about it too much, but she was better at hand-to-hand combat than she was with a bow. She'd come to prefer the company of a long dagger than a quiver of arrows strung to her back.
Will Scarlet had taught them how to throw knives, which she'd excelled at and enjoyed every time. Not to mention, he was hilariously over-dramatic. She couldn't help but wonder if that was a play on Robin Hood.
She never knew she'd find throwing knives so entertaining. A mental image came to her mind of her at home, taking kitchen knives and flinging them at trees in her backyard. Her father would be furious. 
Every now and then, she couldn't help but wonder what other hidden talents and capabilities she had hidden deep within her soul.
Often, she would wonder how long this would last. How long would this stalemate of a war go on? How long would it be before Harlow's father rode in on a horse, demanding his daughter be returned? How long would it be before her hat came flying off, letting loose the intense curls of hair that sat on her head? How could she cover that up? These men didn't have long hair and if her hat somehow came off of her head, she would be sent back home before she'd even be able to pick it up off the ground.

*~*~*

Robin stood, hands planted on his hips in the most masculine undertone possible; his eyes surveyed groggy recruits. The sun hadn't even shown it's face yet. Small torches were alight. Harlow cocked a tired eyebrow at them. They'd been taught never to light a fire in Sherwood. She reasoned that it had to be only an hour or so before sunrise.
Harlow, eyebrow still uncomfortably arched, followed Robin's line of sight as he paced back and forth. She knew he'd never done this before, training a group of men to be some kind of heroes of England. He knew all to well how to steal and pillage, but not how to save an entire country of people from a king hell-bent on destroying all hope in humanity. Maybe that last part was a little dramatic, but Harlow didn't care. It was too early to make sense.
She let out a silent chuckle. Robin Hood wasn't training them to be thieves. No, he was training them to protect the fugitives from the law of the king, which really wasn't that bad a thing in her opinion; although, she couldn't help but wonder what turned a hardened thief into some kind of revolutionary.
It seemed to Harlow that Robin Hood had just transformed overnight. It was obvious from the tales that Robin really wasn't interested in a war between good and evil. He didn't really care when King Edward II was in reign, and even received a full pardon from him. But, now that King Wesley was in power, he seemed grief-stricken.
What had changed? Why was this battle between good and evil being being taken on by Robin Hood, of all men?
“Alright, men,” Robin started, looking around the group. Several torches lit the forest around the congregation. Harlow spotted Aldridge at the edge of the group, holding a torch as he rubbed his tired eyes.
Harlow wasn't as tired as everyone else; she'd slept early and hadn't trained as hard the previous day. Still, she wiped her eyes of sleep as she stood in the midst of men.
Robin turned to the dark forest beyond. “We're going to have a bit of an assessment this morning.” He said, motioning to the darkness behind him. “I suppose you could think of it as a game. The first team to capture all the opposing groups' flags and make it back to their starting point, wins. If you get shot with an arrow, you're out of the game.”
The recruits looked around at each other. 
“What is the point of this game?” One frustrated, and sleep-deprived man, called out from the depths of the group.
Robin raised an eyebrow. “Do I need a reason to wake up my recruits and give them instructions?” He asked, booming the words as a warning. He sighed, looking over their faces, knowing their irritation. “But, if you must know, It's a strategy exercise; to make sure you know what you're doing in the midst of danger.”
“Isn't it a little dangerous to use arrows like this? We could kill each other this way.” A recruit name Arelyn spoke up first.
Robin rolled his eyes, nonchalantly. “We're not using real arrows. We'll be giving you these.” He head up an arrow with no arrow head. “We call them faux-arrows.” 
Harlow nodded loosely, looking around the group as she thought about how the faux-arrows were just sticks with feathers on the ends.
Her eyes landed on Enders as she lost herself in her thoughts.
He was tired, she could tell. She'd spent most of the day practicing with him before she left him to Reggie, who wouldn't relent on practice until he won at least once. That could have taken hours.
She noticed, in the dark lighting, a small bruise on his cheek, no doubt from yesterday's training. She tried to remember him without some kind of blemish or mark on his face.
She couldn't think of a single time.
Ever since they'd started training, he'd always taken a hit somewhere, leaving a mark to remember it by.
That wasn't the only thing that she noticed about him. She could tell he was stronger. He'd gained muscle and lost some weight. He was fit, but she found herself worried that he'd become malnourished.
Harlow tried to fight her drumming heartbeat as she stared at him, willing herself to suppress the growing butterflies in her stomach. It was hard to ignore him, and she found herself engulfed by his very presence, only to fall back to reality as Robin rattled off the names of who would be on whose teams.
“...Henry, Enders, Candor, Elwin, and Rawley,” She raised an eyebrow, taking her eyes off Enders and directing them to Robin, who smiled at the recruits before him. He held a parchment in his hands, crumpled and worn: a list of their names.
“I want to see some intense battles out there, men!” Robin yelled as the men started to gather into their teams. He drew his eyes on Harlow as he walked past the group. “McBride! I want to see you utilize the other strategies your father taught you!”
Harlow nodded, wanting to roll her eyes in annoyance. Yes, she was tired, and that was probably why she was so annoyed, but everything seemed to revolve around her father: what he would think, what he would do, where he would send her. If he had known where she was, she was certain he'd send her away immediately, wanting her anywhere but here mingling with these men. It was a strange change of heart. One minute, her ego is getting boosted by her father's name, and the next all she wants is for everyone to shut up.
“Go!” Robin shouted to the men.
Harlow sighed, walking toward Enders, who'd already started in the opposite direction. She jogged a bit to catch up with him.
“Enders,” She greeted him when she reached him.
“McBride. You ready to capture some flags?” Enders smirked in a way that caused Harlow's' heart to sink.
Harlow raised an eyebrow at him and gave a small smile. “Aye.”
The group of five had come together, walking in silence for close to ten minutes, their feet dragging through the forest floor.
Candor yawned and sighed loudly, looking around the dark forest. “Why would Robin wake us so early for this?” He looked to Elwin, who kept a slow, almost uneven pace. “It's still dark out.”
Harlow tilted her head to the side to address him. “That's exactly why he woke us this early. He wants us to be able to hide ourselves in the forest when it's dark out.” She sighed, stepping over an old, rotting log on the forest floor. “It's a strategic exercise that my father mentioned doing.”
Elwin and Rawley nodded slightly, keeping quiet as they walked on. Candor didn't care for the conversation, simply trying to keep himself awake as he trudged on.
Harlow took the opportunity to look over to Enders, who carried the flag sluggishly as he dragged himself through the forest.
Harlow noted that he didn't look bothered. In fact, he looked motivated, although clearly exhausted. His eyes seemed to look completely different than what his body was showing.
Her eyes scanned over his behavior, catching the small limp that he walked with. She'd bet anything that he'd sprained his ankle in training yesterday.
Snap.
The breaking of a twig rang out and echoed through the forest.
Harlow started to slow her walking, as did the rest of the men. She perked her ears up, trying to listen for any other movement, any other sound of life.
Just as she was about to start walking again, the sound of harsh whispers sounded from a far off tree to her left.
She turned her attention to the whispers, scanning the tree tops and the forest floor for clues.
“We should run.” Elwin suggested from behind her and Enders.
“No.” She snapped quickly, shaking her head, and holding up a hand to still him. He was like a spooked horse. She kept her eyes scanning the forest as she continued. “If we start running, they'll know we're onto them. They could have men up ahead, and by the sound of it, it looks like they're not quite in formation yet. If we start panicking, we'd be setting ourselves up for an ambush.”
Harlow turned around, looking at Enders and then behind him to the trees beyond. “Enders, how many people are in the trees behind me?”
Enders took his eyes off of her and glared into the treetops as inconspicuously as possible. “As far as I can tell, there's only one person.” He whispered to her, looking around to his left and his right. “Looks like Harlan to me.”
Harlow nodded. “Looks like there's another one ahead of me.” She whispered to Enders and the others.
Candor sighed, looking ahead and staring through the treetops. “What are we doing then? Standing here and doing nothing is setting ourselves up for ambush!” He whispered harshly.
Harlow turned to him calmly, giving him a slight and quiet glare. “Calm yourself, Candor.”
“If you had any suggestions, then maybe I would be calm!” He whispered harshly again, his eyebrows scrunching together.
Snap! Another twig echoed from close by.
Candor let out a loud, angry huff.
Harlow spun around to survey the forest, as all the others were doing as well.
Enders slowly moved the flag behind his back and took precautionary steps backward. With every step, he moved closer and closer to the tree behind him: a massive oak, almost double Harlow's size. She watched him take quiet, careful steps, his boots moving to an unheard rhythm.
 Harlow raised her eyes to the tops of the trees, searching for movement. She was about to look behind her, when she saw the smallest shifting of branches on the treetop in front of her; the same treetop canopying over Enders and the flag.
She opened her mouth slightly. If the recruit jumped down now, he'd trap Enders, steal the flag and make off with it. She had to hand it to the opposing team, they were clever.
Harlow saw the man getting ready to drop down from the tree. Before he could carry out his ambush, Harlow raced forward, putting her hand on Enders' chest and forcing him back, putting all of her weight into it and pressing herself against him. It felt like the moment lasted forever. She saw every detail of Enders face, the small freckles he had scattered on his cheeks and two above his right eye. She saw the expression of dismay, and felt the strong grip he had on the flag behind his back. The moment was fleeting, only lasting about a millisecond, but it had happened. She hadn't been this close to any one person since she was a little girl, crawling in to sleep with her dad after a particularly horrifying nightmare. She was thrown back to reality, spinning around and watching the man as he came down.
He was a few seconds too late to drop to the ground, his back to Harlow and Enders.
Before Harlow could even think about what she was doing, she picked up an old, sturdy log, lunging it forward into the man's back. He stumbled forward a step or two. Harlow followed and before she could think twice, she whipped the stick forward, letting it fly at an angle and collide right with his side. 
“Oof!” The man, a recruit named Andrew, doubled over, cradling his side in pain.
Before Andrew could react, Harlow walked around him and pulled the log back, swinging it hard against the man's cheek. It sent splinters and small pieces of old oak flying around them. Andrew fell to the ground, safe and fairly unharmed, but groaning in pain.
Harlow raised her eyes to Candor, Elwin, and Rawley. “Run!” She exclaimed as she grabbed Enders arm and pulled him for a few seconds, deeper into the forest.
The further they got from that place, the more time seemed to slow down.
She scanned the treetops as they ran, looking for signs of life, preparing herself for an ambush.
She didn't expect it when she saw the movement from one tree coming up on her right. She gazed up at the shifting branches she saw, noticing Reggie crouching on a low branch. He pulled the string back on his bow, an arrow ready in his fingertips.
Harlow rushed forward, laying a hand on Rawley's back, and giving him a nudge to keep him moving forward.
Harlow looked around for something to save them. She didn't find anything. She rattled her brain for anything useful.
And miraculously, one thing came to her mind: a memory. She never thought the memory of her father talking about how he used to dodge arrows with accurate precision would come in handy someday. She smiled slightly at the reminiscence before breaking back to reality. Her father told her to weave in between trees, if possible. She narrowed her eyes ahead. That was exactly what she was going to do.
She looked up at Enders, who was leading every one, flag in hand, racing toward an invisible finish line.
She broke away from the line, racing adjacent to Rawley, avoiding arrows from all around her.
She pumped her legs harder, jumping over renegade logs, and forcing herself forward.
It felt like slow motion when she passed Candor and Elwin, catching up to the front with Enders after a few seconds.
“Enders!” She yelled to him, running as fast as she could. “Cut right!” She felt like the words couldn't come out fast enough. The air in her lungs was not enough for her to keep going, but she had no choice.
Enders nodded quickly, taking a moment to look back at Harlow, before following her eye's line of sight to Reggie.
Harlow quickly changed course, looking up at Reggie, who now had to change the direction of arrows.
Harlow forced her legs faster, leading the group. She glanced backward to make sure everyone followed. She saw everybody behind her, looking exhausted and tired. A flurry of arrows rained down behind them as she bobbed and weaved between the trees.
She quickly cut left; less arrows were flying through the air than before, implanting themselves into the dirt behind the group of five.
Enders reestablished his grip on the flag and kept up his pace, running just behind Harlow.
One thing was for certain: There was not only one archer. Reggie's whole team had probably taken to the trees immediately.
Harlow's lungs felt like they'd explode. Her legs started burn, and her heart felt like it would beat right out of her chest. She noticed Enders struggling to keep his breath and starting to slow down.
The sound of arrows flying through the air faded and disappeared completely, becoming something of a distant memory.
Harlow was relieved to slow down her pace to a light jog; the team followed in suit, jogging to a stop.
They stood around in a circular formation for a few minutes, trying to catch their breaths in silence.
“We need a plan.” Enders broke that silence, panting loudly, forcing air into his lungs. He placed his right hand on his right knee, propping himself up, but giving himself enough time to catch his breath, while his left hand held the flag.
Harlow placed her hands on her hips, heaving in breaths and exhaling hard. “Aye.” She said, simply.
Harlow noticed Rawley looking around the forestry. “We could bury the flag.” He suggested, his breathing far less struggled than the others. His black hair swayed slightly, brushing against his eyebrows, while he spoke.
Harlow raised an eyebrow. She mulled over the idea, then nodded approvingly. She looked at Enders, who was looking at the floor, trying to catch his breath.
“I like that idea. We wouldn't have to worry about it as long as we keep it hidden.” Elwin chimed in, his breath just as labored as the others.
Candor nodded in approval but said nothing. His main focus was on breathing. Instead, he gave a weary thumbs up.
Harlow nodded. “We'll bury the flag, then.” She looked around the forest floor, spotting a huge oak tree with large roots that protruded the soil. She looked to Enders, pointing out the roots. “There,” Harlow said, taking a few achey steps. “The roots will keep it hidden.”
Enders nodded, looking to the tree. “Sure.” He stood up straight, holding the flag in his grip. “Cover me while I hide it.” He commanded.
Harlow followed Enders as he went to the roots and tried to make the flag invisible.
“Hurry.” Harlow warned, her eyes shifty and vulnerable.
Enders sighed and rolled his eyes. “You try hiding a huge flag in a small system of roots.” He whispered harshly.
A second later he stood up, examining his handiwork as the other three men all leaned against trees, their eyes closed in exhaustion.
“How are we supposed to find everyone else?” Rawley asked, looking around the foliage, after Harlow and Enders returned.
Elwin shrugged. “We could sit in the trees and wait.”
Enders shook his head. “Everyone else has probably already taken to the trees. We need to draw them out.”
Candor sighed. “How do you propose we do that?” He asked, looking around, raising one hand to wipe some of his hair out of his face. A thin layer of sweat lined his face. Harlow could barely see it in the dim morning light. She hadn't even noticed the sun had started to rise.
A twig snapped in the distance and echoed throughout the forest.
Everyone turned their heads to the noise.
Harlow bit her lip. “We'll split up.”
“What?” Rawley asked, scrunching his eyebrows together and looking at her. He placed two hands on his hips and threw his head back in an attempt to get more air. He let his eyes come back to her after he took a deep breath. “That's a terrible idea. What if they come after us?”
Harlow looked at him and nodded, taking in breaths. “Not unless we have a plan. Enders said we need to draw them out. We can't do that if we're all in the trees.” Harlow stopped speaking for a moment and looked around the treetops. “I think this is the best place to stage an ambush of some sort.”
Enders raised an eyebrow at her. “Ambush?”
Harlow let her eyes linger on him, her heart beating even faster with the sight. His hair was damp and hung over his eyes, bringing out their brown color. 
She tried to bury the butterflies in her stomach, albeit unsuccessfully, telling herself it was the morning sunlight that was starting to emerge over the horizon that made him look so handsome. 
It was a blatant lie to herself, but she refused to contest it.
“Uh,” She whispered, her focus momentarily disrupted and her voice wavering. She nodded her head. “Yes.”
Another faint snap echoed in the distance.
“We don't have time to delegate this, men.” Harlow said, turning her eyes to Rawley and Elwin. “You two are some of the best archers in the camp. It would be best if you took to the trees.” 
The two men considered it, and nodded agreeably.
She turned to Candor, whose medium build could be intimidating sometimes. “Candor, you're a great runner, but you're a better climber. Enders and I are the fastest runners, we'll invade the other teams' territories and lure them out. After we've got them out, you can go in, take care of anybody in your way, and steal their flags.”
Candor smiled wickedly. “So, you want me to knock the others unconscious?”
Harlow shrugged. “If that's what needs to be done, then yes.”
Snap! The echo of the snapping branch rang out closer this time.
“We're good with this plan?” Enders asked everyone.
All the men nodded, Rawley and Elwin rushing off to two opposing trees.
“Let's go, then.” Harlow said, running off into the deeper forest, Candor and Enders running on each side of her.

*~*~*

Enders and Harlow walked carefully in silence as they watched Candor from afar. The three had decided to split into two groups, so that when the other team found Harlow and Enders, they wouldn't catch Candor as well. Harlow had to admit she enjoyed having this small element of surprise on her team.
The two walked in silence, careful not to step on any loud twigs and branches.
Enders cleared his throat quietly, garnering Harlow's attention. She glanced at him, letting him know that she was listening, before she went back to surveying the area and keeping a good eye on Candor.
“Thank you for saving our flag back there.” He said, a slightly awkward tone in his voice; he was trying his hardest to sound casual.
Harlow nodded, trying not to smile. She thought the tone of his voice was endearing and sweet. “You're welcome.”
Enders nodded, keeping silent for a few moments longer.
Harlow kept her eyes on Candor, as the three of them kept forward at a slow pace.
Harlow stopped in her place. She kept her eyes on Candor, who'd stopped and looked to the treetops.
She tried to perk up her ears to hear what he must be hearing.
Then, she saw Candor turn to make eye contact and pointed to the treetops at his right.
“He's hearing something.” Enders said, brushing against Harlow's skin on his way past her. “Let's go.”
Harlow froze momentarily by the skin contact, feeling chills on her fingertips and her heart thumping wildly. She broke out of it quickly and starting making her way to Candor.
“What's going on?” She whispered to Candor.
Candor looked to his right, holding up his hand. “Listen.”
At first, Harlow heard nothing, but as a few seconds passed, she heard a faint sound of laughter.
“One of the teams are just over here.” Candor pointed to his right.
Harlow nodded. “We'll go in and lure them away. When you see us running south, go in and do whatever needs to be done.” She said, starting to walk away. She paused and turned back to Candor. “Within reason, that is.”
Candor nodded. “Understood.”
Harlow started off in the direction of the laughter, Enders walking beside her. “You ready for this?” She asked him.
Enders nodded, determination written in his brown eyes. “You bet.”

*~*~*

“Enders, go left!” Harlow shouted as they raced southbound. Arrows whizzed by them from left and right.
Enders looked to her and nodded as he broke away and bolted toward their designated flag spot, where their archers waited.
“Henry!” Enders shouted, catching Harlow's attention. “This way!”
Harlow made a sharp left and began running adjacent to Enders.
The men chasing them had either stopped shooting or run out of arrows.
Harlow and Enders had their territory in sight; the two raced toward the huge oak tree with so much force that when they heard the arrows from Rawley and Elwin start to fire, they kept going, feeling the sting and burn in their legs. They stood just past their archers and watched as the four men ran into a rainstorm of arrows.
The two of them ducked behind trees, and listened to the chaos ensue, although it didn't last long.
The four men had gotten sick and beaten, losing their flag before they really even had a chance.
Rawley whistled when it was safe for Harlow and Enders to come out, and upon hearing that whistle, they walked out, sore and weak.
“That looked painful.” Elwin commented to Harlow.
Harlow nodded to him as she caught her breath.
Enders chuckled a bit. “Aye.”
The sound of stomping, running feet came to their ears, before slowing down before entering their vision.
Candor walked next to the tree, tired and out of breath.
“What happened?” Harlow asked, leaning against the tree.
Candor took several deep breaths, before placing one hand on his hip and reaching the other into his pants' waistband and pulling out a white cloth. He smiled victoriously as he held it up. It was torn in two halves, the stick that made it a flag completely gone. The once pearl white material was now coated with disgusting brown stains.
Harlow lifted an eyebrow. “What happened to it?”
Enders chuckled. “Did you do that or did they do that?”
Candor examined it in his hands to make sure he had both halves. “They had it on this high branch on one of the oak trees. I climbed all the way to the top and had to push someone off in order to get to it.”
Harlow widened her eyes at him, looking at Enders who shared the same expression. They looked at each other before turning their attention back to Candor.
“Is he okay?” Enders asked, his eyebrows arched attractively.
Candor looked at him puzzled. “Oh, the man I pushed off the tree?” He nodded. “Aye, he's fine. I checked him. He wasn't bleeding or anything. He said it hurt his backside, though.”
Harlow nodded, chuckling slightly. “Was it necessary to push him?”
Candor looked at her puzzled again. “Of course! He was holding the flag hostage. I had to get to it.”
Harlow nodded. “Alright, then.” She looked at the root before her. “Bury it then and we'll get the next one. We already have two,” She said, rubbing her forehead and making sure her hat was on correctly. “So, we only have three left.”
Enders sighed. “You make this sound easy.”
Harlow sighed as well. “I wish it were.”

*~*~*

Harlow and Enders raced toward their territory, weaving in between trees as they ran. They heard Candor behind them, breathing heavily and running as fast as he could muster in his exhausted state. He had one of the last flags in his hand and he was not going to give it up. Harlow looked back to survey the damage that was being done behind her.
She noticed four men running in what looked like a line after Candor. Sure enough, it was their flag that Candor held in his left hand.
Enders looked exhausted and Harlow had come to notice his limp getting ever more prominent as he ran toward their spot. She knew they were almost there and that the second they raced into the area, Elwin and Rawley would be firing off a set of arrows that wouldn't let up unless they surrendered.
Harlow started to count down the seconds. In about ten second, they would be safely behind their own borders and the archers would take care of their opposition.
She forced her legs to move harder than they'd ever moved before.
'Five seconds,' she thought as she whizzed by the trees.
Two more seconds and they'd be one more flag to winning the competition!
Harlow and Enders broke through the trees and raced to the other side, listening as arrows flew everywhere behind them, beating down on the men chasing them.
"That was harsh!" Candor exclaimed, exhaling and heaving in breaths. He leaned his body weight on a great oak and held the captured flag to his chest.
Harlow chuckled, looking at him as she leaned up against a tree next to Candor's."It's a rush though, isn't it?"
Candor chuckled, saying nothing more. He put his focus on breathing.
Harlow turned her attention to Enders as they hid away from the screams and shouts of the other men. "Are you alright?"
Enders' breathing was heavy and labored. He nodded, looking out into the forest.
A whistle rang out, signaling to the three runners, that the coast was clear. Rawley had come up with the idea; Harlow admitted it was brilliant.
Harlow sighed, closing her eyes gently before opening them again, exhaustion starting to take over her body.
Enders raised an eyebrow at her, a small smile on his lips.
Harlow shrugged, the two having a mental conversation; he was asking if she was alright and she was letting him know that she'd had better days. She smiled, still tired as she did so. She found herself having trouble getting up from the tree she leaned against.
Noticing this, Enders chuckled, walking to her and holding his hand out to help her.
Gratefully, she took his hand in her own pulling herself up and letting out a quiet “thank you,” before trying her best to keep her wild heartbeat under control.
Enders followed Harlow toward the clearing. She quietly sighed, lifting one hand to her forehead, making sure all of her hair was tucked neatly inside her hat, before walking into the area where the archers were stationed. 
“Ready, men?” Enders asked, looking at the two archers. His tone was oddly serious and drained. He seemed so completely worn out.
Harlow raised an eyebrow at him. “Are you?” She was subtly asking if he was alright, if he needed a break.
“Why wouldn't I be?” Enders asked, an eyebrow again raised in her direction, a persistent smile on his lips. 
Enders took the lead, taking large steps, and making Harlow fight with her heart to keep it from beating out of control.

*~*~*

The sound of feet pounding on the dirt floor, legs burning with every jump, hop, and skip over foliage that littered itself on the soil beneath, seemed to echo loudly throughout the trees.
This was one of those moments that Harlow couldn't explain.
How exactly had they failed so miserably this time?
The opposite team was gaining on them with every step.
Harlow was getting tired and weak, just as Candor and Enders were. She could tell by the way they dragged themselves through the forest that they were exhausted.
Candor looked back as he ran, gripping the flag to his chest tightly.
Harlow was sure they'd make it back to their base before the other team caught them. Keeping this in mind, she pushed forward, watching Candor and the flag.
The trees seemed to become a blur as she rushed past all the foliage in the forest. Her mind was on one thing and one thing only: make it to the archers with the flag.
It wasn't much farther, she noticed, passing a green piece of cloth that hung tied to a tree. It was a marker Enders had put up to lead us to the archers.
Her relief was short lived, though.
A menacing figure stood in the path before them, staring with his bow raised high, ready to fire.
Harlow faltered slightly, feeling one man's fingertips graze her arm. She immediately yelped, picking up the pace and breaking right, away from Enders and Candor, who broke left.
The other team didn't stop chasing her, one of it's members following her while the rest chased after Enders and Candor.
Harlow glanced back, seeing a somewhat taller, slim man chasing after her. Her eyes stared for a second, while her feet tripped over themselves with every other step, but she wasn't finished yet. She was getting careless because of her exhaustion, but she was hell-bent on not giving up.
That's when she saw it: a large oak with several low branches sticking out in different directions. It was about five seconds away, and she knew what she needed to do.
The tree came closer and closer until finally she was able to grip it and swing herself around the side. The man came around the side of the tree, his eyes expecting to see her running down the path. Instead, he saw nobody in front of him. He turned around searching the area with his eyes.
Harlow took no time to breathe, running around the side of the great oak, jumping on his back and trying to keep herself on.
She knew she probably wasn't going to make it back to Rawley and Elwin. This would be the end of the game for her, she'd be hit with the arrow and have the bruise to prove it. She kept fighting, hoping to buy Enders and Candor better chances with the men chasing after them.
Harlow kicked at the man's legs, trying to get him to fall, but lost her balance. Her arms wrapped around his neck, holding on for dear life as the man shook her back and forth. Her small frame helped her stay attached longer than she should have.
She expected the pain when it happened, her body losing it's will to hang on, she was flung into a nearby tree, and crashed painfully into the ground.
Harlow scrambled to her feet, trying to remind herself that she wasn't in any real danger. This was just a game, after all, but that couldn't stop the pounding of her heart, and the fear in her eyes.
The moment the man lifted his bow felt like the world slowed it's motion, a joyous smile invading his lips as he did so. Harlow watched as he pulled the string on his bow back.
Then, time sped up. An arrow did fly, but the man standing before her still held his at the ready, on the string of his beautifully crafted bow. A loud thump sounded off of the man's shoulder as his eyes immediately looked to his right.
The man shouted a loud expletive, as he lowered his bow. A smile splayed on his lips as he looked to his right, addressing the person there. “I've got to say, that was a damn good shot.” The man shook his head and turned away from Harlow, walking toward the camp.
Harlow felt frozen in time. Her heart hadn't slowed down, and she felt like she was going to faint from exhaustion.
Her eyes widened and a sigh of relief left her lips as she saw Enders come out from behind the oak tree she'd been thrown against.
He said nothing, simply extending his hand to her. 
Harlow muttered a low “thank you,” before taking his hand and getting on her feet. She looked around as adrenaline started to wear off. “What happened to Candor?”
Enders sighed, frustration clear in his voice. “He's out.”
Harlow was slightly taken aback. “The flag?”
“They took it back.” Enders took a few steps forward, waiting silently for her to walk with him.
Harlow raised an eyebrow, sighing. She started to walk alongside him. “Are Rawley and Elwin still at the clearing?”
Enders shook his head. “They were found out.”
Harlow let her mouth hang open. “You and I are the only two left?”
Enders smiled sarcastically, tilting his head somewhat. “Not exactly. They're being held captive. The other team says they'll only give us our archers if we give them two flags, leaving us with only our own.” He sighed again, his exhaustion clear at this point. “We could try and fight them now that they're down one person, but somehow I don't imagine that ending well.”
Harlow nodded. Silence filled the air for a few minutes as they slowed down and leaned against trees. 
“We don't have much of a choice.” Harlow said, looking at a groggy Enders. “We have to fight without Rawley and Elwin.”
Enders sighed, not wanting to move. “I know.”

*~*~*

Harlow managed to climb one of the thickest trees on the outskirts of the other teams' meeting area. She watched down below as the men held Rawley and Elwin at arrow-point, Enders slowly making his way up a tree.
The two had come to the conclusion that it wasn't likely that they'd save either of the archers in time. When the team was aware of their presence, they'd make sure to knock Rawley and Elwin out of the game.
Enders had finally made his way to a comfortable, high, sturdy branch above the opposing teams' eyesight. He turned to Harlow, pointing down to a man on the right of the area.
Harlow, having no bow, held a bag of rocks and sticks. She looked to Enders and nodded, her sign that she was ready to ambush.
Enders nodded back, training his eye on the man.
Harlow held up a rock, throwing it down at the man she'd been aiming for. She missed terribly, but it served to startle him. 
The man jumped, a commotion breaking out in camp. He ran toward the other team members, yelling to take out the captives.
They protested the decision, but that didn't deter the other team. Rawley was shot in the shoulder first, then Elwin earned a shot to the chest. They stood up, sadly, and made their way west toward the Sherwood encampment.
Harlow noticed that Enders didn't miss a shot. He was a fast shooter, and he was accurate. She compared him in her mind to the likes of Robin Hood himself.
Harlow, on the other hand, wasn't offering much in the way of battle. 
That's when the men spotted her in the tree. She looked around, trying to find an escape route. Finding none, she tried to climb down. 
Her feet lost balance, her body shook from being malnourished, and without warning, her body toppled over the high branch.
When she fell, it didn't feel like anything. It was only when she hit the ground that she realized that she wasn't that high at all.
She stared up at Enders in the tree above her, trying hard to aim accurately at the men coming toward her. He sent an arrow flying, heard a loud expletive from one of the other men.
Harlow felt the pain of the headless arrow before she realized she'd been hit. She raised a hand immediately to her chest where the arrow had made contact with her body, just under her collarbone. That would be a bad bruise, she knew.
Less than twenty seconds passed before Enders fell out of his tree, landing beside her with a loud thud, and earning his own arrow to the shoulder.
Chapter Eight

The sun sat low on the horizon as Harlow stared up at the trees in the distance. The sun felt warm on her skin, and she didn't want to miss any of the sunlight that she could get. It was beautiful to her, the way the sun went down and signified the end of a day. The transition to night was a peaceful thing, calming and quiet. She felt at ease as she watched the summer trees sway in the warm wind.
She chewed on her bottom lip as she watched the water wave gently around itself. Anxiety closed in on her as she furrowed her eyebrows at the water. Did she even really belong?
She chuckled to herself, a small, sad smile on her lips. No, of course she didn't belong, and she knew it. Other than the totally obvious fact that she was a woman, she had no desire for blood-lust like the other outlaws had. She had no desire to kill people or be the best outlaw there ever was. Hell, she didn't even care for raiding other people's things. In fact, if they weren't raiding rich and corrupt folk, Harlow would have refused to participate altogether.
Many times she thought she might be greedy, wanting her father's safety above the safety of an entire village. But the truth of the matter was that Harlow had never really been selfish. Not with material things, not with her family, not with anything.
For that reason, she felt alienated from all those around her.
Outlaws were supposed to be greedy, angry, compulsive, and brutal.
And, she was none of those things.
But...then again, neither was Enders or Reggie.
Her ears perked up slightly as she heard the pier creak under her, footsteps echoing along the length of the wooden planks.
She didn't bother to look up, assuming that whoever it was would walk past her and dive into the lake. Instead the creaking came closer, got louder, and stopped altogether next to her.
Harlow looked up, squinting in the remnant of sunlight. Robin Hood stood nonchalantly looking over the lake, and into the horizon. “Oh!” She blurted out, shocked at his presence. “Hood!” She reached one hand up and made sure her hair was safely tucked into her hat. “I was, uh...”
Robin smiled and looked around. “May I?” He asked motioning to the pier beside her.
Harlow relaxed, nodding as he took a seat beside her, shaking the pier ever so slightly with his movement. She tilted her attention back to the sunset when Robin propped one leg up and let the other hang off the piers edge. He propped his arm up on his knee.
A comfortable silence enveloped them for a few seconds. She found it strange when she realized she'd never really talked with him.
“It's beautiful, Isn't it?” Robin asked, breaking the silence, a comfortable smile on his lips.
Harlow turned to glance at him quickly, trying to figure out what he was thinking. “Yes, It absolutely is.”
Harlow mentally kicked herself for the high-pitched words that came out of her mouth, although by the look of it, Robin hadn't noticed.
“No person who comes here,” He said, taking In a deep breath and sighing, “truly sees it. They come because they have to fight or they have no other place to go.” He paused, leaning over the pier, dipping his hand in the cool, clear water. “No one ever comes here to see the beauty of it.”
Harlow nodded and let her feet dangle off the pier lazily. “I notice.” She said, looking down at her hands. “The beauty, I mean.”
Robin smiled at the water in his hands. “At least someone does.”
Another silence although comforting befell on them.
Robin fiddled with something in his hands as Harlow slouched, watching the water glisten as the sun descend over the horizon.
“Do you always watch the sun set out here?” Robin asked, giving her a quick look before looking back to the item in his hands.
Harlow shrugged, glancing back at him. She took in a deep breath before letting out a breathy “No.” She turned her attention to the glistening waters again. “Not all the time. I try to whenever I'm not too tired.”
Robin laughed. “At least you make the effort to notice the nature around you.” He paused. “You chose the best spot to watch the sunset.” A small smile splayed on his lips, his fingertips still grazing over the item in his hands. “It's nice to have a quiet place to remember all of the things you're here for. This forest has a way of making you forget about the things you've left behind.” He reached into the water again. “Warm baths, comfortable beds...” He trailed off.
“Your wife and your son.” Harlow blurted out before she realized what she said.
To her amazement, Robin chuckled. “Aye, and your father.”
Harlow nodded, a small smile still lingering on her lips. She felt Robin start to move, his feet shuffling under him as he stood up, the pier shaking with the movement. “It matters not why we do something, but who we're doing that thing for.” He said, as he stared out at the lake again.
Harlow felt the footsteps as he turned his back and started back down the pier.
“Oh, Henry!” Robin called out, turning around and cupping his hands around his mouth and capturing her attention. She turned her head to him, her eyebrow raised. His feet moved him backward as he spoke. “Good work today. You've been promoted! Your first raiding party is next week!”
Harlow sat shocked, her mouth hanging open, a huge grin on the edge of her lips. She wanted to shout back and ask if he was insane, but before she could respond, he'd raced down the pier and was on his way to the plaza.
Harlow shook her head incredulously. She stared in a daze out at the water. All her doubts seemed to have dissolved, all her fears vanished, and she felt true happiness for the first time since she'd arrived.
She grinned. Her heart fluttered with joy.
She finally belonged.
Chapter Nine

Harlow took her first step out of the cabin that morning and walked over to a clearing next to the pier. She leaned her left shoulder against a tree and looked out over the lake that sat quietly in Sherwood. She smiled at the water and closed her eyes, feeling the breeze caress her face. The wind pushed gently at her hat, but the fabric on her head sat stubbornly on her head.
It had been two weeks since she'd been promoted to a commander. Harlow ran over her teammates in her head. She knew their strengths and their weaknesses. She knew where to put them and what they were good for. She felt confident, but for some reason she was putting off her first raid.
Robin had come to her two days ago and told her that she would be doing the raid this morning and that was final. He said there would be an important caravan coming through and it might contain powerful information on the royal castle.
Harlow tried to tell him she wasn't well, that she couldn't do it today, but he told her he would have none of that. She was a McBride. She could do anything.
Harlow stared over the lake. She was nervous about having three other lives resting in her hands. She wondered if her father would be proud of her and her accomplishments. Of course he would be angry, but maybe he would be proud that she'd followed in his footsteps.
“Henry,” a voice called from behind her. 
Harlow opened her eyes, her thoughts stopping and her heart pausing at the voice. She felt herself get self-conscious in front of him.
“Enders,” She greeted him back. She heard him step closer, and when he came into her vision, she refused to look at him and get herself distracted. She hadn't forgotten that Enders was under her command now, but it didn't help to think about it. She felt a blush of red creep to her cheeks, but she suppressed it.
“Everyone is eating their breakfast by the fire.” Enders said, leaning against an adjacent tree and looking in her direction. “We'll be ready to leave in a few minutes.”
“Have you eaten?” Harlow asked, using a gruff voice she'd learned by listening to Aldridge Chadwick every time he spoke.
Enders sighed, and looked out over the lake. “I haven't been hungry.”
Harlow kept her eyes straight and even. “Go eat some breakfast before we leave.”
Enders raised an eyebrow at her. “I'm not hungry.”
“You're our strongest archer and our best swordsman. Without energy you can't do much to protect yourself or anyone for that matter. I'm counting on you to be at your best. So,” she said, taking in a deep breath and turning her body to him, her arms crossed, “Go eat something before we leave.”
Harlow wanted to cringe at how motherly that command came out.
Enders almost smiled. He nodded before turning his back and walking the way he'd come, toward a fire burning in the distance where she saw Reggie and Elwin tiredly eating by the flames.
Harlow took in one more deep breath before leaving the lake and having a piece of beef jerky with her unit.

*~*~*

They'd set off about an hour ago and they were almost at their destination. It was a cut off pathway from the main road that led through a small clearing, which gave them some time to set up and wait out the caravan to raid.
They were about ten minutes away from the main road, Harlow walking backwards and taking up the rear of the line. Reggie and Elwin were in the middle, supposed to be covering both of their sides while Enders took up the lead.
“My wife would not be happy about this,” Reggie confessed, giving a hearty laugh.
Elwin snorted. “Aye, unless she's looking for a way to rid herself of you.” He laughed at his own joke, receiving a small nudge from Reggie.
Reggie's deep laugh was unusually contagious, but it wasn't working on a nervous Harlow this morning. It wasn't working for Enders, either. In fact, it seemed that the joyous conversation was only enjoyed between Elwin and Reggie, neither of which took things very seriously. His laugh boomed throughout the forest and reverberated off the trees.
Enders immediately turned around and looked at them, as did Harlow, giving the men condescending looks for their rowdy behavior.
“Have you forgotten how dangerous this forest is?” Enders scolded, after hushing them.
Harlow tried to stay quiet, not particularly in the mood to disguise her voice in her groggy state.
“Oh please. We have to lighten up if we intend on keeping our sanity.” Elwin said, although he complied with quieter tone. He kept his voice low, turning to Reggie again. “I agree, though. My soon-to-be would be appalled at the things we're doing.”
Reggie gave another laugh, quieter but still much too loud.
Enders again turned around. “Reggie!” He hushed him, warning him for his voice and turned forward again.
Elwin rolled his eyes. “When you become engaged, you'll understand.”
Enders had finally had enough of them. He turned his body and caused them to stop short, making Harlow turn around and look at him. “I understand fine enough, Elwin. Now, stay quiet.”
Enders turned back around and started walking slowly. Elwin raised an eyebrow before exchanging a glance with Reggie as they walked.
Harlow kept forward for a little while, knowing nothing was behind them, and wanting to keep the men from ripping each other apart. She watched as the two looked to Enders. 
“Are you getting married, Enders?” Reggie asked, in an unusually more gentle tone.
Enders' back seemed to become as stone. He froze and the muscles in his back became rigid. He took a sharp intake of breath and decided to keep walking. “Aye.”
Harlow froze for a moment, watching the way he reacted and the way he held himself. He didn't look unhappy, but he didn't look jovial either. Her heart started to sink into her stomach.
Enders had started walking stiffly and mechanically.
Elwin let out a booming laugh that echoed around the forest. Harlow imagined he did it spitefully toward Enders.
Enders spun around again and stared at Elwin, his eyes enraged and fiery. He was fuming with anger. “If it's all the same to you, Elwin, I'd like to live to see mine.”
Harlow kept her eyes straight and even, trying to mask the disappointment and unhappiness she felt in her soul. She focused on the forest and the forest alone.
Elwin and Reggie fell silent as Enders turned forward again. Everyone started walking, but the silence only lasted a moment.
“You mean,” Elwin started. Harlow rolled her eyes at his desire for this conversation. “You've never met her?”
All was quiet for several long seconds.
“I have,” Enders said, before sighing and adding, “once or twice many years ago.”
Harlow tried to fight her curiosity, but her heart came up empty, and she found her ears perked at the answer.
“What was she like then?” Reggie found the courage to ask.
“How do you know her?” Elwin chimed in.
Still, Harlow's heart sat like an anchor in her stomach. She reminded herself that Enders wouldn't have been interested in her anyway, but it didn't numb her sadness.
“We were children then. I don't remember much about her. Her father is a friend of my father.” Enders said, his back muscles still tense and stone-like.
Harlow raised an eyebrow, but didn't say anything. He'd only talked about his father twice. Harlow knew that he left Enders' family and that he may have been part of the military in Sherwood. Otherwise, his statement left her confused.
Elwin was the one that got enough courage to ask again, “What do you know about her?”
Enders tensed even more, if that were even possible. He stopped walking momentarily before picking up the pace again. Harlow decided it was best to keep an eye on the forest behind them and turned around to walk backward again. 
She noticed that Enders started to speak with more confidence, or maybe he was trying to pretend he had more confidence anyway. “She's the daughter of a Sherwood general. When we met, she had long, brown hair and brown eyes. Other than that, I know not much.” He said it quickly.
“Not even a name?” Reggie asked, sympathetically.
Harlow froze in her spot.
Her heart started to race a mile a minute.
Enders sighed.
Harlow turned her back and watched him as his back muscles tensed even more under his shirt. 
She knew what he was going to say before he said it.
“Harlow McBride.”

*~*~*

It was the first time in months that she'd heard her own name.
Her heart sank and fluttered at the same time. She was half elated that it was her, but half angry because these plans were made without her. Her father already signed her off? He'd already prepared for her a suitor?
He hadn't even told her.
The way she saw it, Enders seemed content about  the engagement.
In only a few seconds, she saw a future that scared her, with an uncaring husband, a life she never wanted, and her only and greatest joy being the sight of a full moon every so often.
Her worst fears were coming to life and she had no way to fight it. A domesticated life never fit her wants and she could never see it as her destiny.
Yes, he was attractive, she'd known that for months. She felt it in every beat of her heart, in every footfall that matched with his, in every stolen glance and wave of his bronze hair. She felt something toward him that she'd been repressing because she was supposed to be a boy, and that is what Enders thought she was. But, her heart was choking in indecision. How handsome would he be in ten years? How honest and kind would he be to their children? Would he leave her like his father left him?
Elwin and Reggie quickly zeroed in on Harlow, their eyes widened and their jaws dropped. They watched, waiting for a battle, for some kind of fight to break out.
Enders turned around to take a look at her.
She hadn't realized it fully, but her anger was written clearly all over her face. It put the men on the edge, it made them doubt her ability to think correctly.
Enders spotted her reaction and it looked as if he mentally kicked himself for telling them. But, he reasoned with himself that it needed to be said.
“Henry, I--,” Enders began.
“We're almost to the caravan's path.” She said in her gruff voice. “Let's keep moving.”
The men complied, all of them falling behind her as she stomped past them and headed on her way. Over the next few minutes, she tried to hold onto her anger and hatred, but she found that the more time passed, the more she hadn't blamed Enders. It pained her heart, but she blamed her father.
They finally made it to the path, took up their positions, and waited for the caravan.
They tied up the driver when the horse-drawn caravan came through and took all the useful items. There were some royal scrolls and parchments hidden under the driver's seat. Harlow was sure these were the important sources of information Robin needed. She shoved them in her bag and went through all the other items.
The raid went well, they weren't caught, and nothing out of the ordinary happened, except the awkward silence that filled the air. It seemed usual enough that this was the case, but no matter how much Harlow tried to get over the situation, she found herself getting more angry.
They made it back to camp in record time, no one wanting to be in the awkward silence any longer than they had to.
They walked into camp when other recruits had been on the training grounds. Robin met them as they entered, asking about the items and the finer details. There wasn't much to report and after giving him all the items they'd obtained, everyone went their separate ways.
Harlow went to the pier, kicking off her boots and lazing around the wooden bridge. She dipped her toes into the sparkling water.
She sat for a long time, not counting anything, but simply watching over the horizon. She wondered how this could have happened. How had she let it go right over her head?
The pier creaked gently under her.
She looked at the end, noticing Enders walking toward her, his head held low and watching the wooden planks beneath his feet. He sat down beside her, slouching gently, and completely engulfed in his thoughts. “I didn't know if you knew.”
Harlow shook her head. “No. I didn't know. She doesn't know either. Our father never told us.”
“I'm sorry for not telling you earlier.” Enders said, looking out over the horizon.
“Don't be.” Harlow said, siting up. “I don't blame you.” She finally took a glance at him, her heart beating faster than ever before and her eyes scanning over his good-looking features.
“Are we okay then?” Enders asked, a small smile plaguing his lips.
“We're going to be family soon. I'd say we have to be okay.” Harlow said, but that's not what she felt. She felt like her heart and life had been ripped from her soul. She felt almost ghost-like. She didn't know if she should be mad or if she should condone the butterflies that fluttered in his stomach by the look on his face.
Harlow lifted one hand and tugged on the brim of her hat, a habit that had come to form over the past six months.
There was no way he would marry her, she decided. 
She knew there was nothing to worry about then.
The realization was both a disappointment and a relief. There was no man that would accept what she'd done. When Enders found out she was a woman, he would reject their engagement and find someone else.
It was only a matter of time.
And that's what Harlow forced herself to believe. 
Chapter Ten

Harlow walked out of the cabin early in the morning, her hands reaching up and meeting the edges of her hat, tucking all renegade strands of hair into the rim.
She noticed that it was barely dawn, the men were asleep, and the only signs of life were that of the birds.
As she walked out onto the dirt, she steered away from the pier on the lake. Her legs were sore and tired, her eyes didn't want to stay open, and renegade strands of hair kept falling out of the rim of her hat. 
Last night was troublesome, tiring, and stressful. It was her third raid in the last two weeks; It always worked out fine in the end, but raiding was far more stressing than Harlow had anticipated. 
Harlow walked lazily to the opposite side of the lake, a place she'd seen frequently. She used this path to reach the area of the lake that was most secluded, where she would bathe in the night. Harlow stopped next to a tree, watching out over the lake as the trees blew in the wind.
She inhaled, closing her eyes and taking in as much air as she could, knowing that this morning would be the last of her peace for the day. Robin had specifically informed her that her unit would be setting up another post on the east end of the camp. 
“You ready?” A voice sounded behind her. She opened her eyes, exhaling the breath she'd taken in previously.
“Aye.” Harlow turned around, knives neatly tucked in her right boot and on her hip.
Her eyes landed on his tired face, another bruise forming just above his collarbone: another reminder of how hard rich men fought for their money.
“You feeling okay?” Harlow asked, nodding to his collarbone.
Enders nodded, a hard look on his face. “Aye.”
Harlow nodded, looking to the ground as she walked past him and toward the town center to meet with the others, Enders following in suit.
When Harlow and Enders found their way to the town center, Elwin and Reggie sat around a fresh fire, chewing on their breakfast, a luxury that Harlow didn't have the heart to eat at the moment.
“Reggie, Elwin,” Harlow greeted them, hearing their grunting in response. Reggie was eager and chewed happily on his piece of jerky. He'd enjoyed their raids, mentioning to her on their last that it was much better than training with Robin. Harlow knew his potential, and after seeing him in a real battle, was happy that Robin had placed him in her unit.
Elwin, on the other hand, sat slumped against a log, chewing on his jerky, tiredly and slowly. His every movement screamed tiresome and exhaustion. 
“We're leaving to set up our post in ten minutes.” Harlow said, looking down at them. Reggie nodded eagerly. Elwin blinked sadly, his eyes unwilling to respond anymore than that.
Harlow sighed, looking to Enders who had grabbed a small piece of jerky and began eating it. “Enders,” She addressed him, watching as he looked up, his hair swinging in his eyes at the movement. Her heart skipped a beat at the sight. “Let's go talk to Hood.”
Enders looked down at the food in his hand. “I'm eating,” His complaint almost made her smile, but she bit her tongue to keep it from coming up.
“Take it with you.” Harlow demanded, nodding in the direction of Robin's cabin.
Enders sighed, walking next to Harlow as they made their way through town. Some of the people were just getting started for the day. There were some women doing laundry, some men tending to the small stable on the other end of the town. 
The silence was comfortable, as it normally was with Enders. Harlow understood he was preoccupied with his food anyway.
Harlow walked up a small set of stairs and raised her hand to knock on one of the cabin doors.
Robin Hood answered the door within seconds. “Aye?” He answered, tired eyes meeting her own.
Harlow raised an eyebrow at him. “Reporting for the Out-Post today. You instructed that we start early.”
Robin nodded, raising a hand to wipe his eyes. “Right, that I did.” He stepped aside, motioning with his hand, “Come in.”
Harlow walked in first, standing still in the center of the small cabin, Enders following and continuing to the other end of the room. He still chewed on a small piece of jerky.
Harlow noticed that Enders stared at the items on the tables and nightstands on the far wall. To her, it looked to be stacks of papers and letters, but Harlow forced her eyes to Robin Hood.
“Right,” Robin said, walking to the table at the center of his cabin. “You're going to the East end of Sherwood today,” He said, picking up one paper. “We were informed of a cargo shipment coming through Sherwood. It's said that it belongs to the King, or at least it's going to the King.”
Harlow raised an eyebrow. “That sounds like it'll be heavily guarded.”
“From the information we've gathered, it seems that they're not too concerned about the contents.” Robin explained looking through the pile of letters he had littered on the table.
“If it's unimportant, why are you trying so hard to retrieve it?” Enders asked. There was a certain degree of malice in his voice; so much so that Harlow was taken aback by it.
Robin sighed, “Enders, the items that they're carrying are well over enough to feed the villages surrounding the forest. Once we get their money and treasures, we can disburse it around to help the hardworking families that are being taken advantage of.”
Harlow nodded, “Aye, but that means higher taxes for the people.”
“Not to mention that this supposed cargo sounds like a set up.” Enders chimed in, crossing his arms over his chest. Harlow turned her eyes to him. She caught his eyes narrowed at Robin. She could almost feel the anger radiating from him.
“It seems like a stretch for them to go out of their way to capture one or two outlaws.” Robin said, looking over the papers in his hands.
“The King knows how greedy the outlaws are,” Enders spat out, placing his hands on the table. “They know that you'll send a sizable team to find them and steal their treasures if the risks aren't too high.”
Harlow stepped forward, placing her hand on Enders' arm and pulling him back. “Enders, step down.”
Enders' looked at Harlow for a second before raising his eyes to Robin once more. He stepped backward, crossing his arms over his chest.
Harlow tore her eyes from Enders and placed her full attention on Robin. “Enders is right. This seems like a set up. If they make you believe that there are not many men patrolling the goods, they know you'll send someone to seize it.” Harlow said, “This sounds like fake information to draw out some outlaws.”
Robin sighed looking up from his letters. “Some risks are worth taking.”
Enders huffed, turning his eyes to the side and shaking his head angrily.
Harlow sighed as she saw Enders in her peripheral vision. "Robin, this isn't a good idea."
Robin turned his eyes up from the maps on his desk and stared at her. "Henry, this is my camp and you'll do as I say." His voice was stern, authoritative, and stubborn. She knew there was no reasoning with him. 
Harlow nodded, keeping her eyes even and on Robin. "As you say."
Harlow turned her back and walked out of the building, following Enders down the cabin steps. 
"We're really going to do this raid?" Enders asked, his hands balled into fists and his eyebrows knitted with anger.
"We've been given no other choice. The raid will go as planned." Harlow said.

*~*~*

Harlow stared at the forest ahead of her. The wind blew quietly, the trees swaying back and forth with the breeze. She closed her eyes and felt the pit of her stomach knot itself up. 
Something wasn't quite right; that much she knew.
Her eyebrows knitted together as she sent up a quick prayer.
“Henry,” Elwin's voice rang behind her. The leaves crunched under his boots as he approached her. “We're ready to head out.”
Harlow nodded, keeping her eyes closed and taking in a deep breath. “Aye. The cargo will be coming through soon.”

*~*~*

“You wait until the king hears of this!” A monk yelled out as Harlow tied his arms behind his back and around a tree.
She walked around to his front and looked at him, an eyebrow raised and fake laughter on the edge of her voice. “Oh yeah? What will he do? Send more goods?” She shoved a loose piece of fabric into his mouth.
Harlow turned away from the struggling man and walked to Enders, who held another monk at arrow-point while Reggie tied the monks' arms behind a tree.
“Where's Elwin?” Harlow whispered to Enders as she scanned the forest.
“The trees.” Enders whispered back to her. She nodded her head and scanned the horizon again. A renegade boot stuck out of a treetop. It was enough to make her smile.
As soon as Reggie finished stuffing a rag in the monk's mouth, Enders lowered his bow and placed the arrow back into his quiver.
Harlow looked to Reggie as Enders walked past her and toward the treasures. “Go join Elwin.”
Reggie nodded turning and rushing off to get into a good position.
Harlow approached Enders as he knelt down looking through the contents of the wagon. She picked up an old, mostly dented gold cup. “Not much of any value.” she said.
“No, but it does the trick, doesn't it?” A menacing voice said. The voice came from just in front of her, holding a demeanor accustomed to authority and ruling. 
Harlow froze momentarily, completely understanding what had happened: They'd been set up. Exactly what she and Enders had feared was happening. 
Harlow slowly lifted her eyes to see the man standing just before them. Carefully she rose herself to stand and looked over him. He was tall; maybe a foot taller than her. His dark hair and eyes accented his wicked voice. His uniform was one of the royal army.
"We don't want any trouble," Harlow said, her hands floating in the air in front of her.
Enders, she noticed, had also stood up, and had started surveying the area around him.
"You don't want any trouble?" The man asked, and then laughed, his eyes lighting up like a child finding his lost favorite toy. "You outlaws always cause problems, always cause mischief, always become trouble.” The man had a smile on the edge of his lips; they twitched joyously with every word.
The man took two steps forward, six other men coming out from their left and right sides; three on each side.
Harlow's eyes widened, her pulse sped up and she felt fear rise form her toes and spread throughout her limbs.
She kept her eyes as even as she could, but there was only so much panic she could cover up. She was a deer before a hunter. She glanced behind her, seeing an opening.
“So, what happens now?” Harlow asked, taking a small, insignificant step backward,
She noticed Enders look in her direction. He saw the step she took. He glanced backward and knew what she was doing. He took a small, insignificant step backward just as she had done.
“What happens now?” The menacing man mocked. “What happens is that you'll tell me where the Outlaw camp is and we'll let you keep your lives, albeit without limbs.”
Harlow nodded, taking another step backward. Enders followed in suit. “What if we don't tell you a damn thing?” She spat at the man.
The man pulled out his sword and let the sun light bounce off the metallic blade. “Well,” He started, making a show of its sharpness. “You wont see the sunrise again.”
“Oh yeah?” Harlow asked, raising an eyebrow and taking another step backward. Her voice was a little shakier than she'd wanted it to be.
The man was getting arrogant; so much so, that he hadn't noticed how far away Harlow and Enders had gotten from him.
“Here's the funny thing about Outlaws,” Enders said, his voice remarkably confident. “We never let anyone take us alive.” He turned around and sprinted off as fast as he could in the opposite direction.
Harlow followed his lead, barely keeping up with him as her legs wobbled back and forth. As her legs took her away she heard the sounds of whizzing arrows, but she couldn't tell if the arrows were fired by Elwin and Reggie or by the soldiers.
The outlaws dodged every tree branch and twig, bobbing and weaving in different directions.
“Left!” Her voice was shaky, but her legs had become just a little bit more sturdy under her. They turned and rounded a tree, hearing the faint barking of the man yelling out orders. Some distant crunching leaves and twigs breaking made Harlow cringe and run faster, but they had gotten some ground on the soldiers behind them.
They ran in silence, still hearing faint pitter-pattering of the soldiers far off in the distance.
Her legs were exhausted. She felt like they'd been running for hours. She slowed to a stop when she could no longer hear the soldiers orders. 
Enders slowed alongside her, looking around nervously. He searched the area around him. “We should head back and find Reggie and Elwin.”
Harlow shook her head, both hands on her hips and her breathing so labored that it made her want to heave. “We can't do that. They're smart men. They'll keep each other alive.”
Enders looked at her, his eyebrows knitted together. Frustration was clear on the edge of his voice. “Then what about us? Henry, we wont survive out here!”
Harlow took one look at his angered expression and shoved him hard against a tree. “This is my raid. This is my team. I say we go forward, and that's exactly what we'll do.” Her voice was a harsh whisper. She kept him pinned up against the tree. He didn't struggle.
Enders nodded, angrily looking off in the other direction. “Yeah? And when your raid fails, and your team falls apart, it'll be your fault.” Enders said, his eyes set off to his right, his jaw clenching tightly. “But, whatever you say, Captain.”
Harlow nodded her head. “That's fine. As long as you understand my orders.” She let go of him and moved backward, looking around the forest area they were in.
That's when she heard the faintest sound of rushing water.
“Come on,” She said, nudging his arm a bit before heading off in the direction.
Enders followed wordlessly behind her.
The silence was deafening to her as they crossed a mile of forestry.
The sound of flowing water became louder and louder.
But, as the water got louder to her ears, so did the sound of crunching leaves and barking orders. The soldiers were closing in on them, and a searing panic started to rise in Harlow's chest.
“Stop right there!” An unfamiliar voice called out.
Harlow turned around and looked to the person calling out. It was a man in soldier attire, his arm outstretched toward them, a sword pulled out and at ready.
“Run!” Harlow shouted to Enders. They bolted away from the men, Harlow just two or three feet ahead of Enders. They barreled down the forestry, hopping and jumping over littered branches and shrubs.
There were soldiers coming up on her right side, and as she turned to her left, she noticed new soldiers closing in on her left side. Her heart fluttered with madness. How could she have been so stupid? She was going to die and her father would have to spend the next ten years running away from the memory of his disappointing daughter.
Then there was Enders who only had his mother left. What would she think? That he was a trouble maker or was he in the wrong place at the wrong time?
All these thoughts ran through Harlow's head as she sprinted forward.
Straight ahead was some water way, that they were coming right up to. Harlow thought it may have been a river, which may be helpful if the current was strong enough to take her away.
The closer she got, the bigger it seemed. She felt the ground under her feet become softer, but not soft enough to be mud.
Then the roaring sound came into view and the trees were gone. She slowed down as she saw what was before her.
This was no river. This was no lake.
The sight of a huge waterfall took her by surprise. Her heart froze and her eyes widened at the massive body of water. Several hundred gallons poured over the edge and fell into a lake far below the cliff she stood at now.
Fear and panic rose in her chest as no escape plans came to mind.
The roaring water echoed loudly in her ears. Her blood seemed to freeze like ice on a cold winter's morning.
The sound of barking orders and soldiers' stomping feet shook the ground beneath her. She stared, wide eyed at the waterfall, watching the rushing waves cascade over the edge on her left.
In her panic, she couldn't move, and just when she was going to turn around to bargain with the men for their lives, a hand grabbed her upper arm and propelled her forward.
She watched Enders as he jumped over the edge of the canyon, pushing her over with him. He free-fell away from her. She didn't even have time to gasp, time to scream, time to think.
It was quick and effortless, but the last thing Harlow felt just before she plummeted into the lake below was the feeling of the rushing wind blowing through her hair.

*~*~*

 Enders felt like his lungs were going to implode when he emerged from the lake that the waterfall pooled into. He took in a big gulp of air and rubbed his eyes clear of the water. 
Enders felt his jaw drop. He wiped one hand over her face, squeezing his eyes shut and opening them wide again.
At first he almost mistook her for someone else. If it hadn't been for her clothing, he would have thought for sure she was a random traveler. He knew, though, when she frantically shoved the waters aside, that she was searching for something; and he had a pretty good idea what she was looking for.
'Henry?' The thought came to his mind in a numb way. He felt his eyes blink involuntarily, and his breath catch in his throat. He wanted to get out of the water and look at her, think back at every time he'd been so sure he knew who Henry was.
'What are you doing here?' He wanted to ask her, but found his mouth uncooperative. His eyes were glued on her. There was only one person she could be.
It was the sight of her without her hat that shocked Enders the most. Henry never removed that hat. Now, he finally understood why it never came off, why he was always checking the brim.
His eyes widened as they fell on her cascading hair, examining it from afar. It was amazing that she'd kept it hidden for as long as she had. It fell onto her shoulders, drenched in water and stuck-slick to her cheeks, forehead, and shoulders.
As if on cue, Harlow's hat floated past him, and without thinking twice about it he propelled the hat forward.
After taking one last, long glance, at the person she really was, he ducked back under water, with one name echoing in his head: Harlow McBride.
Chapter Eleven

Harlow panicked as she waded through the water. Her fingers poked and prodded the waters, searching fervently for the hat. She felt exposed, every part of her too feminine than the last. Her worst nightmare was coming true: Enders was going to find out about the secret she'd tried so hard to keep. This would be the last of the line.
Just as she was about to give up, a loud splash echoed through the lake are, and her hat came rushing toward her. "Oh, God!" She exclaimed, snatching the hat from the water. She clutched it to her chest in relief for a fraction of a second before throwing the strands of her hair forward and shoving it inside the worn fabric of her hat. She tugged the knitted material down and ran a hand around the inside edge.
She took a loud, long breath of relief as she made sure all the strands of her hair were covered under the hat.
With the loudest of splashes, Enders came up from the water, taking in a long, drawn out breath, his hair swinging backward as he threw his head back.
"Enders!" Harlow exclaimed, sloshing over to him in the water. The rushing water was deafening, making it hard to hear and speak.
Enders swam toward Harlow in waist-deep end of the water. 
"Are you okay?" Harlow asked, putting one hand on his arm as he came out of the water. She dropped her hand after the contact was made. Her ehart was enjoying it way too much.
"Aye," Enders responded, looking at her through the side of his eye. "Are you okay?"
"Aye," Harlow nodded, letting the conversation die as they trudged through the water and toward shore.
Harlow wiped her face with her hands as she sat down on a patch of dry grass off to the side of the lake area.
The silence that filled the air wasn't uncomfortable for Harlow, as she leaned back and let herself rest on the grass. She replayed the event over and over again in her head. They were being chased, Harlow was going to bargain with the soldiers, to tell them to take her as a captive in exchange for Enders' freedom. Then with no warning, Enders had grabbed her and thrown her over the edge of the cliff. She'd almost been found out, and if that had happened she knew her father would have been disappointed in her.
Enders, on the other hand, wasn't so comfortable in the silence. He took awkward side glances at Harlow as she closed her eyes and hugged her knees tightly. Enders tried to think back and remember if there were ever a time that he were genuinely nice to her. 'Why?' Enders thought, shaking his head. He couldn't decide if he were angry at her or sad for her. 'Why, Harlow, did you think coming here was a good idea?'
Enders wrestled with himself about saying anything about it. She looked hardened and cold. Enders couldn't decide if she was really unaffected by what had happened or if she was just hiding her emotions. Now that he knew she was a woman, she seemed so much more fragile and quiet. Now that he knew about her, he thought her aggression was almost cute. Almost.
"Are you really okay, Henry?" He asked. His eyebrow sat arched over his eyes. He caught her by surprise, her eyes crashing on his.
Her eyes betrayed her voice: distant with a hint of worry. "Aye," She offered a nod.
"That was close," Enders paused, trying to read Harlow's facial expressions, "They almost got us."
Harlow nodded in agreement. "Aye, they did."
Silence occupied the space between them again.
"It's going to be dark soon. We should stay put until the sun comes up." Harlow was trying to pull herself together, to reassemble the pieces she'd almost lost.
Enders nodded, rubbing his hands on his pants before standing up. "Ill collect some fire wood." He said, turning his back and taking several steps toward the forest area beyond.
"Enders," Harlow called out just before Enders entered the forest. 
He turned around, one eyebrow raised as he faced her. "Yea?"
Harlow found herself speechless for a moment as she looked backward at him. He was handsome, she'd realized that before, but now she was left struck by him. "Uh," She struggled to get the words out of her mouth, "Thank you for pulling me over the edge. I wouldn't have made it if you hadn't."
Enders nodded, offering a small smile. "You would have done the same for me." 
Harlow offered a smile back at him before he turned his back and entered the forest.

*~*~*

It hadn't taken long for Enders to come back with a large stack of acceptable fire wood. After a while, Enders had managed to start a well-set fire that would keep them warm throughout most of the night. Harlow feared the soldiers might find them during the night, but they had no choice: they had to light a fire to prevent themselves from getting sick.
Harlow had spotted a nearby fruit bush full of edible berries that she'd gathered as their food for the night.
"How long do you think it will take to get back to camp?" Enders asked, munching on a berry he held in his palm.
Harlow shrugged. She tried to hide the apprehension that resided within her chest. "I'd guess a days walk."
Enders nodded. "Yeah, sounds about right."
Harlow munched on berries that she held in her hand as she laid back on the grass, looking up at the sky, the fire's light illuminating the air around her.
Enders looked over at her, watching as she gazed up at the sky above. "Why did you decide to leave home for this?"
Harlow reluctantly looked over to Enders. He ate the berries with knitted eyebrows. "My father," Harlow answered, removing her eyes from him and looking back to the sky.
Enders nodded, "No," he said, pausing to chew a berry. "I mean, what was it about him that made you come here? Did he force you to come here?" Enders popped another berry into his mouth.
Harlow moved her free arm under her head. "He didn't force me to come here. I came here on my own."
Enders let the silence fill the air between them before asking another question. "Does he know where you are?"
Harlow's body stiffened. She stretched, trying to cover up the reaction, but Enders had noticed it. "He knows I'm away from home." Harlow answered.
"So, he doesn't know you're in Sherwood?" Enders asked again. He was prodding for answers, and he was doing it shamelessly.
Harlow shrugged, trying to make the movement look nonchalant and normal, but it came out tensed and rigid. "I'm under the conviction that he has an idea."
Enders chuckled softly, the sides of his mouth twitching with laughter.
Harlow hadn't relaxed. Her father was a touchy subject.
Without hesitation, she sat up and faced Enders from the other end of the fire. "I came to take my father's place in the war. My father has already been in one Sherwood war, and now he's finally getting along in society. He's a very important resource in our village." Harlow offered some of her heart. She knew she'd regret this later, for seeming so weak and vulnerable, but for now, she trusted Enders. She wanted to deny it, and she had for her entire stay in Sherwood, but Enders made her heart melt and her brain freeze.
Enders kept his eyes even as he looked at her. She felt self-conscious under his stare. "That's quite a sacrifice. Don't you want a family instead of a war?"
Harlow nodded and looked toward Enders. "I could marry after this is over, but no one in my village really wanted me anyway."
Enders raised an eyebrow, trying to hide a smile. "You're father hasn't arranged a local wife for you?"
Harlow laughed at the true ridiculousness of the question. "No," Harlow answered. “The women in my village are not welcoming of my behavior.”
Enders let his chuckle die, listening to Harlow's laugh, which she'd tried to cover with a masculine tone. The sound resonated in his head and made his heart melt. He wondered if he'd ever hear her real laugh. Enders paused for a moment. "What is Harlow like?"
Harlow stiffened at the question. "What exactly do you mean?"
Enders shrugged, "What does she do? How does she act?"
Harlow shrugged. "She's stubborn. She argues with our father all the time. She thinks she knows what's best for everyone even though she doesn't. She's," Harlow sighed and kept her eyes pointed toward the sky, "she's a handful." 
She felt heaviness in her heart. The townspeople had described her this way; this is what she was.
Enders nodded. "You describe her so harshly."
Harlow shrugged. "She's a harsh woman."
Silence fell as they ate their berries and listened to the world around them. Crickets sounded around them in the woods. The birds had quieted down and started to go to their nests for the night. The sun was almost over the horizon.
Harlow chuckled to herself before looking down at her hands in her lap. "Remember when I told you about the details missing from Little John and The Cook?"
Enders immediately placed his eyes on Harlow. "Aye."
Harlow popped a few more berries into her mouth. "There's one key detail I neglected to mention."
Enders shifted to a more comfortable, upright position, his eyes on her the entire time. His arched an eyebrow at her. “Why didn't you mention it?”
Harlow chuckled, a sad smile on her lips as she looked at the berries in her palm. “It's not exactly something I'm proud of.”
Enders nodded, sitting quietly. He was at a loss for words. “What is it?” It was all he could manage to get out of his mouth as his heart fluttered.
“I've never told anyone this part of the story. My father doesn't enjoy this part being circulated, so this needs to be kept between you and I.”
“Aye.” Enders agreed instantly, waiting to hear the missing pieces.
“The Cook was picked up by King Wesley and taken in. He'd spent most of his young years serving the sheriff.” Harlow started, “So, Little John comes into the story and winds up getting into a fight with him. The stories that people always tell say that the cook agreed to come with Little John and set up the sheriff. The truth is that the cook was actually reluctant to leave. He had refused the offer, but within a week had ran off in pursuit of Little John and the outlaws.”
“Why did he want to stay?” Enders asked, propping one arm up onto his kneecap.
Harlow sighed, receiving an odd look from Enders. “My father lived in the castle and made food for the nobles. He was often in contact with the Princess of England,” Harlow paused, “and she fell in love with him.”
Harlow looked up at the sky. “It was forbidden for the two of them to be together. So, when the Princess became pregnant, it was a problem for them.”
Enders let his jaw hang ajar.
The gears in his brain started spinning; he was putting pieces of the puzzle together. He knew Harrison McBride was the cook.
“The Princess was executed by King Wesley, her own father, after the birth of the child. The cook came back to the castle, rescued the infant, and ran off with the baby.”
Enders felt himself stiffen, felt his jaw drop as it completely dawned on him what she was going to say.
She sighed and lifted to eyes to meet his. “My mother was the Princess of England and the daughter of King Wesley.”
She saw the shock on Enders face as his jaw hung open and he leaned forward as he looked at her. “That makes you...”
“King Wesley's grandchild, and the next living heir to the throne.”
Chapter Twelve

Enders immediately sat more upright, staring at her. “Your mother is the Princess?”
Harlow nodded. “Aye, she was the Princess.” She sighed, taking a few berries and throwing them into her mouth.
“And your father fell in love with the Princess?” Enders asked again. His jaw no longer hung, but his eyes were all kinds of widened.
Harlow raised an eyebrow. “Were you listening at all?”
Enders wanted to laugh at the comment, but found that the chuckle caught in his throat and wheezed out of his mouth. He felt almost sickened. “You're a...” He trailed off, watching her intently.
“A member of the royal bloodline? Aye.” Harlow finished, popping a few more berries into her mouth. Harlow took one more look at him before laying back down on the grass. “It's been a long time since I've said that out loud. My father didn't tell me until I was sixteen.”
“Why didn't you tell anybody?” Enders asked, his shock wearing off and slight irritation taking it's place.
“Am I supposed to run around telling my lineage to the world? That would have me killed in no time.” Harlow chuckled at the comment, trying to make things less serious.
“You could have been our secret weapon. We could have formulated some kind of plan to use you in aiding against King Wesley.” Enders said. Anger rose from the pit of his stomach. “Instead, you decide that exacting revenge on your grandfather would be your best option?”
Harlow recoiled slightly, sitting right back up and looking at him, squarely. “You think I came here because I want revenge?” Harlow raised an eyebrow. She felt herself become angry and frustrated. “The king has wronged many people, and that's a horrid thing, but I did not come here on the basis of revenge. My mother is long gone by his hand and I would have been as well, if it hadn't been for my father. My father is why I am here, not the king, and not revenge.” Harlow said, sternly. She stood up, wiping her hands on her pants. “I never wanted this, but I did what needed to be done.” 
Harlow turned her back and walked to the other, far side of the lake. Calm, relaxing waters were settling in for the night. She let her toes touch the waters. She wished could take a step in, but that would compromise her disguise. After a moment, she curled her knees to her chest and laid her forehead on her kneecaps, wondering why this burden had fallen to her: to take care of her father at all costs, because an entire village depended on him.
“Do not cry,” She told herself, as selfish thoughts ran through her mind. She sobbed silently, disobeying her own command. She wished things had been different.
Enders sat quietly by the fire, watching her as she temporarily let herself fall apart in the darkness by the lake.

*~*~*

Harlow and Enders had awoken early, although she could tell Enders was exhausted. Harlow slept well, only because her tired, heavy eyelids closed over her irises and let her drift to sleep. Oddly enough, Enders' presence made her feel easier sleeping in the dangerous forest.
“Ready?” Enders asked from the other side of a dying fire as he fixed his belt loop, his muscular arms showing through his tight sleeves.
Harlow felt her lungs squeeze. She couldn't take in any more air and the stale oxygen that sat in her lungs refused to leave. Her eyes lingered on his arms and scrolled down to his torso. As soon as she realized what she was doing, she snapped her eyes back up to his face and saw the faintest smirk on his lips.
Harlow cleared her throat, the most awkward blush creeping onto her cheeks, and started adjusting things on her own belt.
“Aye. Are you ready?” She asked him, trying to sound as masculine as she could.
He simply nodded, offering one, “Aye.”
Harlow felt that maybe she was hallucinating, but she thought she heard a smile in his voice. She couldn't see his face because his head was tilted downward, but she would bet anything that he was smiling an arrogant smile. She couldn't pinpoint why. She assured herself that he was just happy to be heading back to camp in one piece.
They set out on their journey back to the Sherwood encampment. They walked in silence for twenty minutes before they started casual conversation. The casual conversation was how they spent the rest of their afternoon. 
Harlow guessed they kept themselves busy for six hours before she heard strange noises in the distance.
“The villagers weren't exactly happy about that prank.” He said, finishing off one of his stories.
Snap. Crunch.
"Wait," Harlow said, slowing her step as she heard abnormal rustling several yards ahead of her. She held out one hand in front him. Out of all of his wonderful qualities, she found that she did fear his unpredictability. 
"That's probably an animal," Enders said, eying her oddly and continuing forward.
Harlow grabbed his arm and stopped him from moving. She didn't have the heart to tell him that she'd seen the kings men twenty minutes back and had turned in the opposite direction. "Stop," Harlow commanded, capturing his attention, "Listen."
The abnormal sound immediately quieted.
"An animal," Enders whispered, mocking her. He took two steps forward.
That's when the muffled voices sounded out throughout the forest.
Harlow's panic overrode her desire to say 'I told you so.' She felt her arms start to tremble and her legs grow weak. Enders stood wide-eyed, his irises scanning over treetops and forestry to find any sign of the king's men.
Harlow gently tugged on his arm and turned around, jogging in the opposite direction. 
She glanced behind her after a few minutes to ensure that Enders was following. As she did, she noticed in the trees, a figure pointing toward them in the distance behind Enders. They'd been spotted, and that idea completely horrified Harlow.
Two men broke away from the pointing figure and started after them. Enders glanced backward, catching a glimpse at the man, speeding up his pace, and sending himself forward. Harlow followed his lead, breaking into a sprint.
Harlow turned her attention back toward her front, and like a puppy left in a rainstorm, she whimpered in fear. She almost crashed into Enders as he stopped as abruptly as humanly possible.
Standing before her was the general of the kings army; the man who'd driven her and Enders off the cliff.
Harlow stood behind Enders and stared at the man before her.
"Ahh," The man said, looking down at a blade in his hands. "I see we meet again, Outlaws."
Harlow let her mouth hang agape as she stared. How had she let this happen?
"Where is the rest of your army?" Enders asked, clear anger gushing from his voice. Malice dripped from each word.
The man shrugged, trying to act casual. "I let them have a day off." He smiled proudly as the sword glinted in the sunlight. He turned the blade back and forth. "I wanted to deal with you myself."
Harlow felt the anger and fear flow through her veins. "To bad you'll never get the chance."
The man made a tsk-tsk noise. "No man leaves without at least one reinforcement. I happened to bring two." He nodded to two men behind Harlow and Enders.
Harlow turned back to see the man who'd chased them and the man who'd pointed them out. She contemplated telling them she was a woman and begging for their lives, but she was afraid of what they'd do to her. She'd also thought to tell them that she was the Princess, and while they might believe her, she'd have a warrant over her head and the others' of Sherwood. Nothing she could think of would bring her out of this situation; nothing except fighting for her life.
"I'll give you one last chance to surrender," The man said, almost giggling with his blade in hand. He'd been excited to use it. His bloodlust was so evident in his eyes that Harlow considered that he may be out of his mind.
"Oh yeah?" Harlow asked, pulling a renegade knife she'd used to cut branches out of her waistband.
The man was just about to start speaking again when Harlow spun backward and rammed the dagger hard into one man's chest. Blood poured like a river, soaking her hands quickly, before she had a chance to pull away. She removed the knife and watched as Enders ran forward into the general, his sword out and ready to attack.
Harlow quickly turned her attention to the loud shouting of the man next to her, who looked upon his comrades' dead body at her feet. Wasting no time, she threw herself into him, preventing him from taking out his sword, and stabbed him hard in the jugular. The violence made her numb for the moment. The only thing she could make herself focus on was the adrenaline pumping through her veins and making her body vibrate with life. 
She tore her eyes from the bodies before her, and the disgusting guttural sounds of death. Her attention was Enders and the scuffling, troublesome efforts that he was having with the general.
She watched as if in slow motion, trembling with every vibration as she stumbled forward.
The General, a deep cut running along the side of his face, forced Enders against a large oak tree. Enders' sword was out of reach of either outlaw. The General, blood leaking out over his face and down his neck, held his sword in his hands, a twinkle in his eyes. He recoiled the sword and was only a second or two from pushing it through Enders' abdomen.
But, Harlow would be damned if she just sat and watched him die.
An energy she'd never felt before filled her and sent her in between the men. She found her face just inches from Enders' nose. He'd been the only person she'd been this close to in her entire life, other than her father. Her body was pressed firmly against his, making him step to the right side and place his hands carefully on her sides.
She kept her eyes on his when the pain came.
She couldn't move. She felt like she couldn't breath.
As she looked downward, she saw the sword protruding from her body and poking gently into the oak tree Enders had been pressed against. She thanked God that he'd stepped just one step to the side.
Tears of indescribable pain welled up under her thick eyelashes.
Enders' face twisted from shock to rage in record time. Harlow read no pain in his eyes. He hadn't been hurt. She looked down the sword that had made it's way through her body.
Her thoughts trailed slowly to her father and how much she'd disappointed him. She regretted everything she'd done to upset him, but this; this she did not regret. 
She looked back up to Enders as the sword was ripped from her body. The panicked, angry eyes of Enders, staring sadly into her own did not comfort her.
Her body began to give up. Her feet and legs trembled to the point of collapse. She fell to the ground, away from Enders warm body and into the crunchy grass beneath her.
She heard angry yelling and the sound of metal meeting flesh.
She let her eyes shut for a moment.
She felt herself being lifted. She fought to reopen her eyes.
She heard desperate cries of her name.
Her limbs went cold and numb.
Then everything went black.

*~*~*

"Henry!" 
It was Enders' voice that resonated in the back of her mind. It seemed to pull her closer to a door of the unknown. She was being dragged out of sleep as the voice persisted, yelled, screamed at her.
That's not my name.
"I'll go get Robin!"
Harlow furrowed her eyebrows as her eyes remained shut. The most intense of pain pulsated throughout her body. 
Elwin? He must be dead, too. How had he died? Harlow thought. The pain didn't subside in the slightest.
"No!" Enders snapped. His voice rang out in a way she couldn't identify. Was it horror? Sadness? Pain? Harlow felt the hardness of wood under her. 
...and is that the sound of the creaking pier? Pier must be dead too. Darkness was starting to take her under again.
"What?!" Elwin practically yelled. Harlow wondered if they could possibly be any louder, but that was a stupid question; of course they could. Outlaws were plain rowdy.
"Don't get Robin!" Enders shouted back at him. "Get some cloths and anything else you can get your hands on!" His voice was shaking, Harlow noticed. She would have smiled if it didn't hurt so much.
"Go, now!" Enders shouted again. His voice trembled like she'd never heard before.
Harlow felt pressure on her body, and a fierce pain she couldn't place rushed through her body. "Oh my God, Harlow..." Enders' voice came again.
Warm, wet, shaking hands came to her face, cupping her face. The only thing she could focus on was an overwhelming metallic smell.
Harlow wanted to laugh but found that the pain was too much. She coughed and made a loud groaning noise. She finally threw open her eyes and looked around, dazedly.
She panicked, looking down at her wound. Enders' hands flew to the wound and pressed firmly on her body.
"Henry!" He exclaimed. He didn't release the pressure he held on her body.
Her eyes rolled back gently, wanting to close again. Her head lolled to the side, giving her a perfect view of the lake.
"Keep your eyes open, Henry!" Enders said, placing his hands on her cheeks, making her look at him as the smell of blood came to her.
Her eyes went back as the lids closed over them.
"Keep your eyes open!" Enders shouted louder this time.
Harlow fought as hard as she could muster, but the pain was breaking her will to fight.
When he spoke, she could feel his breath on her skin and the panic in his voice. She felt the warmth of his hands on her stomach. He held her head upright with his right hand and moved his left to the wound, applying painful pressure.
“Henry!” His voice rang out again. “Open your eyes!”
Harlow opened her eyes for a moment, finding the energy deep within her to look at him.
She saw the pain and panic in his eyes. It was overwhelming and numbing for just a moment. She wanted to keep her eyes open, and stay awake for him, but just as she resolved to keep on fighting, she lost the willpower to keep her eyes open and her eyelids fluttered shut.
"If you don't open your eyes right now, I'll rip that hat right off your head," Enders threatened, his voice wavering and unsteady. He tried hard to keep it stern and authoritative; almost threatening. She fought to lift her eyelids half way before failing to keep them open.
Enders sat still just above her. "Henry, please, keep your eyes open," Enders begged. His voice shook in a way that broke her heart.
The pressure on Harlow's midsection returned with a brand new kind of force and a commotion of sounds jumbled themselves together awkwardly in her head.
The sound of thumping footsteps rang out around her.
“What's going on?!” Robin's voice called out as he ran onto the pier.
“Henry!” Enders begged, his voice losing the hope he'd once had.
"I've got rags and herbs!" Elwin's voice rang out, along with a creaking pier. Reggie voiced concern somewhere in the mix.
“Get out of the way!” Robin's voice rang out as he came closer to her.
She felt herself being lifted and carried, feeling warm liquid drip off her body from under her. She knew it was blood but she refused to think about it.
“Reggie, run ahead and tell Aldridge and Evie to prepare for a serious wound!” Robin yelled, running with Harlow laying limply in his arms.
“Aye, sir!” Reggie shouted. Harlow heard his running footsteps take off in front of her.
Harlow gave one last attempt to open her eyes, her head dangling off the side of Robin's arm as he ran with her. She looked back; her eyes caught Enders as he knelt on the pier with blood covered arms. His face was more distraught than anyone around him. Her heart ached for him.
She couldn't fight it anymore; she let her eyelids drop over her eyes. She  felt herself get swept away by the darkness that awaited her.

Chapter Thirteen

Five weeks of feverish dreams and force-feeding passed with unease. 
Harlow hadn't been able to keep her eyes open for longer than ten minutes over the past three weeks. She'd woken up delusional often and started rambling about nonsense. Whenever her eyes would flutter, they'd shove food down her throat before she lost consciousness.
Once or twice she thought she felt a hand on her own, clutching it with a force so genuine she thought it might be her father.
It was a cloudy, rainy afternoon when she'd shot up in her cot and started heaving, feeling a pain in her midsection fire up.
"Henry?" Enders' voice was distinct. She didn't have to look to know it was him. "Oh my God, Henry," Enders moved from the chair on the left and sat on the bed next to her.
Harlow kept panting, her nightmares becoming more and more nonsensical as she sat there. She couldn't get enough air; her breathing was more and more unsteady the longer she sat. 
She took one look at Enders, and noticed small, fading bruises over his face.
She ripped the blankets off her body and found a clumsily wrapped wound, blood seeping slowly onto the pearl bandage. It wasn't life-threatening, but it made her want to gag all the same.
"What the hell is going on?" Harlow asked through sweat and gritted teeth. An exasperated groan escaped her lips.
"You don't remember?" Enders pulled her blanket back up over her legs, which bore the same pants she'd worn the day of the attack. Stains of brown, dried blood were plastered over the fabric.
Harlow shook her head, trying to sit up. She failed, struck down by pain in her stomach. Like a flying arrow, it shot from her back to her stomach with immobilizing force. She fell back, propped up on her elbows behind her and leaning herself to the side. 
"I remember being run off a cliff." Harlow groaned, raising one hand to make sure her hat was tightly on her head.
"You've been out for five weeks. The soldiers found us after we jumped down the waterfall. You threw yourself on the General's sword. You saved my life."
Harlow looked around the room. Pain swept through her body again when she tried to sit up. Instead, Enders placed a hand on her shoulder and lowered her back to a laying position. She breathed a sigh of discontent relief.
"You're not getting up.”
Harlow gritted her teeth. "I need to talk with Robin Hood."
Enders shook his head. "No, you don't. Not right now anyway. What you need is to keep resting."
Harlow gave up and let herself stay laying down; she didn't have the energy or strength to argue with him.
Enders got up and moved toward the door of the cabin. "Stay here. I'll go get you some food. You'll probably enjoy it more now that you're awake."
Harlow wanted to chuckle, but instead a small cough came out. "Fine."
Harlow laid back down and felt her eyes become tired and strained.
She wondered how long Enders had been waiting for her to wake up.
The pain was intense. She felt like she couldn't breath. Everything around her started to spin. But, she found herself smiling.
Enders had been waiting for her.

*~*~*

Six weeks seemed to float by as Harlow tried to let herself rest. She was stubborn, yes, but she knew that if she kept pushing herself then she'd never heal.
Harlow sat quietly on the pier, lost in thought. She'd spoken to Robin Hood for the first time last week. He'd been apologetic, taking the attack to heart and knowing it had been his decision to send them out there.
Regardless, Harlow had forgiven him and requested that he consider her input more when it came to raids. 
He'd only chuckled and nodded.
Now, Harlow looked over the horizon at a rising sun. Her thoughts felt scrambled.
Harlow looked down at her hands in her lap, closing her eyes and letting the sunlight rest on her skin. Her feet lightly poked at the water down below.
Minutes passed in silence before the pier started to creak under her. She sighed in contentment before looking up and seeing Enders approaching her, a fancy-looking bowl in his hands.
"Hey, Henry," Enders greeted, sitting down next to Harlow, the bowl balanced securely in his palm. He'd been especially attentive to her in more recent weeks.
"Hode," Harlow greeted, a weak smile on her lips.
After he'd found a comfortable seat on the pier next to her, he looked over the horizon and set the bowl in his lap. "How are you feeling today?"
Harlow took a glance at him, his hair teasing his eyes gently. It had grown more than he'd usually allowed it to. The last few weeks had been hard on him, so he probably didn't have time. 
"Fine," She smiled happily before letting her eyes graze back to the lake. "How are you feeling?"
The sides of his mouth twitched upward. "Fine," he said, sighing and looking around. "I brought you some stew from yesterday.” The bowl hung in his fingers, waiting for her to take it. "I noticed you hadn't eaten anything."
Harlow's smile grew. "I was really hoping you would." she said, taking the bowl gratefully. She, oh-so-gracefully, shoveled food into her mouth.
Enders let his lips twitch into a smile, letting his eyes linger on her a few seconds longer than necessary.
Harlow was halfway finished before she noticed the bowl. Beautifully crafted designs lined the outside. She marveled at the detail for a moment. "Where did we get this bowl from?"
"Last week's raid," Enders said. He moved his hand behind him and tilted his head back, taking in the sunlight. "I saw it fitting for royalty."
The smallest of smiles crept onto Harlow's face. "Thanks." 
Enders nodded, his head still tilted back and basking in the sun. "You're welcome."
This is how things had been for the last couple of weeks. Enders had been especially generous and nice, bringing Harlow food and supplies whenever she needed anything. She would feel her heart ache to see him, her desire to be near him increased with every passing day. Her eyes would wander in his direction and linger on him. Frequently, she would try to stop herself from doing this, but it was no use; she knew she'd already fallen. Hard.
Enders sighed in contentment. The skin on his lips stretched into a smile, the hair that tickled his eyes parted to the sides of his face. Harlow silently ate her food, trying without success to keep her eyes off him. 
"How's the wound?" He turned his eyes on her.
She shrugged, chewing on the stew. She swallowed before answering, "It's okay. It hurts sometimes, but I can move now."
"I figured when I saw you out here," Enders said. "Be careful, though."
Harlow raised an eyebrow; a smile plagued her lips. "I'm not sure I'm familiar with that word."
Enders barked a loud laugh. "Yeah?"
Harlow nodded, raising the spoon to her lips. Enders took one look at her and shook his head.
"How do you like being the Commander of a unit?" Harlow asked, pushing aside the empty bowl and leaning backward on her palms.
Enders sighed. "It's not easy," he turned his eyes to hers, "but if you could manage it, I can too."
Harlow nodded. "You're right," she said, making sure her hat was still on tightly, "it's not easy."
Enders fought the urge to smile at her before he took in a sharp breath and stood up. "Speaking of the Unit, I've got to go brief them on our next raid," he brushed the dirt off his pants.
She hadn't seen a briefing in a long time. She smiled at the thought of being there. Especially since Enders would be conducting it. She wanted to go half to satisfy her curiosity, and half to prolong her time with him. "I'll go with you."
Enders raised an eyebrow, "There's no reason for you to."
Harlow shrugged her shoulders and leaned down to picked up the bowl. There was a sharp pain in her abdomen, but she managed to only wince this time. “I want to see how it goes.”
The most uneasy of faces set itself on Enders. “Are you sure?”
"Aye," she said, stumbling just a little on her own two feet. Enders shot out a hand to keep her steady. The last thing he needed was to have to dive into the lake to save her from drowning.
"When is the next raid?" Harlow took a few steps down the pier, the bowl in her hand, and Enders touch lingering on her arm for a second longer than she thought would be appropriate.
"None of your business," Enders quipped. His head was tilted toward the planks beneath, walking his step and hers. They walked slow and casual, so that she could keep up with him.
Harlow laughed and nudged Enders' arm. "Come on, tell me.”
Enders was silent for a few seconds. "Tomorrow night."
Harlow nodded. "Be careful, then."
Enders smiled deviously, "I'm not sure I know the meaning of that word."
Harlow let out one of the most genuine laughs she could manage without wincing. Her voice echoed in the forest and back to them. Enders kept his gaze on her, loving the sound, feeling it echo around him to the rhythm of his heart beat.
Harlow let her eyes turn up ahead of her.
Her laugh died in her throat.
Her heart froze. Panic and fear strung throughout her stomach and threatened to spread to her limbs.
A man stood before them, his eyes baring down on Harlow from the end of the pier. His short brown hair gleamed in the sun, gray strands being a testament to his life. His skin was pink from the sun's heat, and small bruises covered his forearms and face. He stood with his arms folded over his chest, showing off the decent muscles he'd acquired over the years. It was a look so reminiscent of her childhood, one that terrified her to her very soul, one that she respected, and one that she loved.
Her blood ran cold: "Father."


Chapter Fourteen

His eyes were so filled with rage that the only thing he could manage to do at first was raise an eyebrow.
Harlow could feel Enders tense up beside her.
"Henry?" Her father asked. What it really meant was: 'You changed your name to Henry?'
"Yes?" Her voice came out barely above a whisper. She tried to act as nonchalant as she could but it wasn't working. “What brings you to Sherwood, Father?”
Harrison McBride's lips twitched up gently. There was some part of him that found the whole situation funny. Another, more serious, fatherly part found it completely horrifying. “I was passing through and heard that my son was doing quite well.” The more serious part of him was winning over the funny part. “Except for the run-in with King Wesley's General, that is.”
Harlow felt her face blush red with fear. Her hand instinctively hovered over the part of her body that was still healing.
“Let's speak privately." He motioned toward the cabin behind him.
"Don't you need to speak with Robin Hood first?" Sweat started to moisten her palms. If there was one thing she feared more than the king, it was her father's wrath. Her eyebrows knitted together in fear and her mouth went dry.
"I already have," Harrison's impatience wasn't something he masked. "Now if you don't mind." He motioned to the cabin again.
Harlow looked backward at Enders, and forward again to her father. "My Unit needs to be briefed on the next raid," Her voice cracked a bit. She'd never been a good liar. "I'm afraid this matter is a very pressing one."
"Ah," her father said, crossing his arms and looking at her. "That's odd. From what I've been told, you haven't been involved in any raids for eleven weeks now."
Harlow sighed, silently cursing at Robin Hood. She nodded and turned to Enders. "Excuse me, Enders.”
She sulked past her father and into the cabin.
Her father paused only for a moment before storming into the cabin and slamming the door shut behind him.

*~*~*

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Harrison McBride shouted at his daughter as she leaned up against the door frame. He placed his hands on his hips as he stared down at her.
"What am I doing? What are you doing?" Harlow asked, leaning back on the door post. 
Harrison raised one hand to his forehead and rubbed his face. "Take off the hat. I want to speak with my daughter, not my son."
“No. I can't," She shook her head, "I wont."
She felt free. She'd never been this defiant in her life, and now she'd finally felt like she could make her own decisions.
Harrison McBride made a frustrated grunt-kind of noise. "Why are you here? Don't you understand how dangerous this is?!" He exclaimed. He didn't know where to put his hands.
Harlow stayed quiet, looking at her arms folded across her chest.
Harrison sighed the most exasperated sigh. "Why, Harlow?"
She turned her eyes upward. She shrugged, biting the inside of her cheek. "There were a lot of reasons."
Harrison again sighed, "Like what? What could possibly make you want this?"
"You'd already been in one war. You shouldn't have had to do this again. How could Robin ask you to do this again?! That was my main reason. No one liked me in the village, anyway. They all wanted me to leave, but that would mean you would leave too, and they couldn't risk that. They would say things, talk about me. I was a failure. I had no life there." She looked to her left, the sunlight poured in through the window. She looked at her cot, neatly folded and made. “I actually kind of belong here.”
"That's no reason to leave. You had other options!" Her father exclaimed.
"No, Dad! I had no other options! What would you possibly have done with me? Send me to marry Enders? He's here too! That was it! That was the last line for me in the social order." Harlow shouted at him. Her fists clenched and unclenched with anger. "Thank you for telling me that I'm engaged, by the way. I had to figure that out on my first raid as Commander."
Harrison looked taken aback. He left the words hanging in the air.
Harlow knitted her eyebrows together, but kept her eyes planted away from her father. "How could you do that? You planned to marry me off and you didn't even tell me. I can't do it. I wont marry him." 
Harlow shook her head and pushed herself off of the door post, feeling a strike of pain in her abdomen. She refused to cringe. "What happens now? Do you send me home?
"No." He rubbed his tired eyes and sighed. It was the first time Harlow had noticed how tired he looked. 
Harlow looked at him, an eyebrow raised and her eyes skeptical. "Why not?"
"There's no home to go back to." Harrison said. He plopped himself down in one of the chairs on the right side of the room. He raised his hands to his eyes and rubbed them again, slouching forward and propping his elbows up on his knees. “The kings men came through the village last week.”
Harlow felt her jaw go slack. “The village is gone?”
Harrison nodded. “Practically.” He closed his eyes and let his head hang. “There were only four survivors. They refused the refuge of Sherwood. I stopped by here to let Robin know. Then I was headed to the next village over to check for survivors there.”
Harlow took a step closer to her father. “Why did they come? What are they looking for?”
Harrison raised his eyes to look at her. There resided sadness in the speckled bronze color that she had never seen before. “They were looking for outlaws. Apparently, someone had tipped them off.”
Harlow took an uneasy step forward. Words caught in her throat. Everyone she knew was gone? How had they died? Fire? Sword? Was it her fault? Did she start this?
“They came in looking for Robin Hood. They threatened to torture and kill everyone, and my name came up. They killed everyone anyway and started searching for me. I fled before they lit the place on fire.” 
Harlow wanted to say something but found nothing consoling to say.
“They know that I have a daughter, but they haven't any idea where you are.” Her father's voice finally shook. She raised a hand to her mouth, tears threatening the brims of her eyes. She'd never seen her father so broken; he was always too strong to break, but now the sight of it made her break too.
“I want to be mad. I want to yell at you and send you away from here, but,” He sighed. The burden of a whole village resting on his shoulders. “leaving was the best thing you could have done, and I'm so glad that you did.” 
Silence hung in the air between them. She could have been dead. So many times she could have died, but so many others had died in her place. A whole village of people she'd known her whole life were completely wiped off the face of the Earth.
“You're a brave girl, and I'm proud of you and the courage you have.” He looked up at her, clasping his hands together under his chin. “You're so much like your mother.”
Harlow nodded and shifted herself to lean on her other leg. “I'm sorry I've caused you so much heartache in the last few months.”
Harrison chuckled and closed his eyes. “I'm sorry I didn't tell you that you were engaged.”
Harlow wanted to smile, but kept her face even. She looked backward at the door and then to her father, who'd opened his eyes and looked at her, an eyebrow raised. “Are you going to tell Robin who I am?”
Harrison laughed. “You mean, am I going to tell him that I don't have a  son?”
Harlow nodded. She tried to harden herself. She tried to make herself seem less fragile.
Harrison shook his head, his lips still turned up in a smile. “No. Not yet, anyway.”
Harlow nodded and turned toward the door.
“Although,” Her fathers voice stopped her. “You may want to be careful of Enders. If anybody is going to connect the dots, it will be him.”
Harlow raised an eyebrow at her father but nodded regardless. “Aye,” she said. The masculine undertone of her voice came to the surface as she tried to regain her disguise.
She left the cabin behind her and walked down the creaky steps. The sun had risen over the horizon, but the grass didn't seem so bright anymore. The sounds of normal operations surrounded her as she walked carefully to a secluded lake front area. She watched the lake from a new angle, hoping to see things anew.
The village was attacked. Everything she'd known was gone. The King was getting too cruel, too drunk with power. King Wesley spoiled, too used to having his way. He would never rest until Robin Hood and his outlaws were captured or dead.
She watched as a small girl walked alongside her mother, their hands interlocked as they walked past the lake. For the sake of these people, Harlow knew she had no other choice. The king had to be stopped. She'd rested long enough and now it was time to return to her unit.
She turned her back on the lake and headed toward the cabin to the far right side, where her unit would be briefing.
She raised one hand to the brim of her hat; all the strands of her hair were tucked neatly inside.


Chapter Fifteen

Quietly, she entered the cabin, capturing only Elwin's attention. He was positioned at the back of the room, facing the door. He smiled mischievously at her as she snaked her way in the door.
“We're going to enter from the west side here,” Enders pointed to a place on the map in front of him. “Then, Elwin, you'll go around with Candor and catch them off guard.”
Ever since Harlow had been injured, Robin saw Enders as a fitting leader, allowing him to pick his fourth member. Harlow smiled when she saw Candor among the men in the room. He was a good asset to the team.
“Is the plan understood?” Enders asked, looking everyone over.
Harlow took a step forward. “Where do you want me to be?” Her voice was stronger and firmer than she thought possible. She smiled, trying not to look too surprised with herself. 
Enders raised his eyes to her. He looked her over and raised an eyebrow. He tried, unsuccessfully, to let go of the strike of worry that danced in his chest. “Are you sure you can do this, Henry?”
Harlow nodded. “Aye.”
Enders looked her over for a moment before he looked down at his map. “You'll be raiding the items from the caravan; with me.”
Enders spent the next fifteen minutes going over battle tactics and strategies.

*~*~*

Harlow laid silently on her cot, staring up at the ceiling. The window next to her let the moonlight dance into the cabin and shine onto the floor. It was one of the most beautiful things she'd seen in days.
It had been three days since her father had come to Sherwood, and more than a week since her village was destroyed. War had been started, it had been for a long time now, but nobody had ever wanted to step in and oppose the King. The outlaws were the only few who had a small amount of power to do so.
Word was going around that since the attack on her village, the other villages around Sherwood have been in constant disarray. The citizens were in a panicked frenzy about whether or not their children would be safe or if they'd even have their lives for much longer.
Harlow laid still for a full hour before deciding she couldn't sleep.
She sat up and looked around her cabin. There were twelve other men sleeping in the long building, the door tucked in on the other end of the building.
She spotted Enders sleeping peacefully on his cot, just as the rest of the men were.
She stood up as silently as she could and grabbed a change of clothing. 
She tiptoed her way down the empty area of the cabin, the area not lined with sleeping bodies. She stepped past Enders when a lone, quiet creak echoed throughout the building. At first, she was scared that the noise would wake up one of the men, but as she turned and looked, she noticed that everyone was still sleeping. Their snores didn't even skip a beat.
Harlow pushed the door open and closed it with no problem.
The darkness outside wasn't overwhelming. Instead, it was calming the way the moon's light set a pathway for her and poured over the grass. It was the first time that Harlow really felt to herself since she'd left home, which she instantly remembered didn't exist anymore.
She didn't care much for all of her now lost possessions. Luckily, she'd taken all of the letters Robin had sent her father when she left for Sherwood. Whomever raided their home would find nothing incriminating, valuable, or even remotely important.
She passed the creaky pier on her right side, taking a long glance at the area she'd come to know as a peaceful getaway.
The dirt path was soft under her feet, sending the most therapeutic feeling throughout the soles of her feet.
It took three minutes of walking on the dirt path until she came to a sharp right. She took an almost invisible path to a secluded portion of the lake front.
She tossed her extra clothing over a branch and took a minute to look over the moonlit lake. It was beautiful and terrifying. A bath at this time would be one of the few luxuries she had left.
She raised her hands to the front of her shirt, to unlace the top few strings.
Just as she clasped her fingers around the hem of her shirt, a noise sounded out in the area.
“Henry?” Harlow's heart skipped a beat. Enders voice rang out just beyond her line of sight. Before she even had a chance to move, he came around one of the trees.
Harlow ran her hands over the front of her shirt and straightened out the wrinkles her hands had created on the hem. 
“Enders?” She scrunched her eyebrows together and took a seat on a fallen oak next to her.
“You're up late.” Enders took a seat next to her and folded his hands between his knees. He stared out over the lake, taking a quick glance at her. She noticed his eyes do a double-take before keeping themselves planted over the water.
He'd seen the front laces of her shirt undone, of that she was certain. It wasn't undone very much, but it exposed just enough skin to make them both a little uncomfortable.
She shrugged and looked at her hands in her lap. “I couldn't sleep.”
“Ahh, I see.” Enders nodded, looking down to his twiddling fingers. “I couldn't fall asleep either.”
Harlow sighed and looked over the lake.
“How are you healing?” Enders asked through a deep exhale.
Harlow involuntarily reached her right hand toward her left side, where a sword had gone through her body just eleven weeks prior. The skin was still pink, and it throbbed every so often, but it was coming along well. “It seems fine. I feel fine, anyway.”
Enders nodded and looked back at his hands. “That's good.”
“Aye,” Harlow agreed.
The air around them got thick and heavy. It was one of the first times they'd had an uncomfortable silence. Enders opened his mouth, but after a few seconds closed it awkwardly. The internal war he was waging was intense enough to drag him inside himself. It was almost as if she wasn't even there. She kept her eyes on him and waited.
“Why do you insist on coming back to the unit?” Enders turned his face to Harlow. 
She met his eyes, and knitted her eyebrows together when she saw concern there. “I think it's time I started helping out again.”
Enders shook his head. “We don't need you to. You need to rest more.”
Harlow raised an eyebrow at him. “I'm fine now. It's been six weeks since I woke up.”
Enders nodded. “I know, Henry, but you almost died. We really don't need you in the unit yet.”
Harlow looked away from him. Irritation rose in her chest. “Why not? I'm fine, I'm practically healed now.”
Enders shook his head. His voice was stern and frustrated. “No, you're not.”
“Yes, I am.” She rose her voice and scooted away from him.
“You still walk with a limp sometimes. You should be resting. I think your father would agree.” Enders argued, raising his voice to match hers.
“Why don't you want me to come back? Do you think I'm incapable or something?” Harlow accused. She stood up and looked at him. He followed her lead, standing from the oak and putting himself between her and her exit. She crossed her arms as she stared up at him.
“No, Henry. I don't think you're incapable, I --"
“But, you don't want me back on the unit.” Harlow's accusations were beginning to make Enders' blood boil and his skin grow hot. “Do you want to lead this unit so bad that you don't want me to come back?”
Enders looked taken aback for a moment. “No, Henry.”
“Then what is it? Why do you want me to stay out of the unit?” Harlow turned her voice up just a little bit louder.
Enders stood statue-like in front of her, an expression of irritation mixed with amusement. “It's not that,” Enders took in a sharp breath and let out an angry huff. He kept his eyes even on hers.
It took Harlow a few seconds to understand what was going on. “You're keeping something from me.”
Enders let out a sarcastic laugh. “Me? What about you?”
Harlow felt her heart freeze and fear spread throughout her limbs. “What are you talking about?”
She felt her blood start to boil. He wouldn't answer her questions. He was being strange and irritable.
Enders took a step closer to her and crossed his arms. His eyes boring into hers. “You've been keeping secrets since you got here.”
Harlow gritted her teeth. “As have you. You didn't tell me that you're engaged to Harlow.”
“I did tell you. I just didn't do it immediately.” Enders maintained eye contact, however difficult it was. 
Harlow had reached her limit. “This isn't about me. This is about you. What aren't you telling me?”
Enders moved quicker than she could have anticipated. He moved forward, pressed her against the tree with as little force as he could, and put his on her side.
He raised his left arm and planted it on the tree next to her head to keep his balance.
“What are you doing?” Harlow managed to choke out the words, but her voice was nervous.
Harlow felt her pulse in her throat when his other hand pressed, thumb first, into her abdomen. More specifically, into the pink, scarred mark that accentuated the pearl color of her skin. He was gentle at first, but it only took a second for him to press his thumb down more and more until Harlow let out the most dramatic yelps of pain. He removed the pressure, but let his hand linger on her side. 
“What the hell is your problem?” Harlow asked through gritted teeth, waiting for the dull, throbbing pain in her side to secede. She tried to move away from him, but his hand gripped her side in an iron hold, and his other arm blocked her in.
He looked down at her. Her hat had lifted a little bit, several strands of her hair poking out and hanging next to her face. Sure, she had an angry, enraged expression on her face, but this was the first time, since they'd jumped down the waterfall, that she really looked like a woman.
And she was beautiful.
Enders' breath caught in his throat for a moment.
“Your wound is still healing. You're strong. Don't ever think I don't know that, but,” He paused taking in the sight of her in front of him. “You're out of practice. You need more training and more time to heal. I know what makes you tick. I know your weaknesses and I know that the second any one of us are compromised, you'll jump into the line of fire to save us.” He took another moment to breathe.
Harlow snorted. “I'm fine.”
“You're also stubborn.” He pointed out, making her roll her eyes at him. “But, you're right.” Enders' voice was barely above a whisper. He was trying, and almost failing, to hold onto whatever nerve he had left. “I don't want you back on the unit. I do want to take your place. It's because I'm selfish.”
Harlow was about to raise her voice, but Enders didn't give her the chance.
“It's because I can't focus. On anything.” He paused to exhale. “Not when I know you're there. I can't think when you're near me. I can't breathe when you're close to me. I'm selfish because I don't want to lose you.”
Her body completely froze. Somehow his face coming closer to her by only mere centimeters at a time. She felt the weight of his body on her, keeping her still against him, but even if she could move, she didn't want to.  Her heart beat thumped wildly against her chest. Harlow felt intoxicated by him. 
“What?” she breathed out, barely audible to him. Unable to find the energy for her fake, masculine voice, she let her real voice shine through. It was a higher-pitched confusion coming from her mouth.
Enders' lips hovered just over hers, threatening to come crashing down at any second. She felt the anxiety rise in her chest as butterflies found their way into her stomach.
There was a moment of silence and stillness before she felt his lips meet hers. She'd let her eyes stay widened for a moment before she closed them in a moment of bliss. His eyes remained closed, his heartbeat racing so hard Harlow could feel it through his chest, and his eyebrows knitted together attractively. His closeness comforted her in a way she'd never been comforted. His arms snaked around her body and held her close to him.
It had lasted about a minute before Enders pulled away from her, and looked at her. He wore the most confident of expressions. He didn't release the grip his arms had on her.
A silence like no other filled the air after they pulled apart. It wasn't exactly awkward, but it wasn't comfortable either. 
Harlow felt absolute terror fill her chest and stomach. She turned her head away from him and looked to her left, her body pinned against his, and his iron grip holding her still. 
"I, uh..." She tried to find the words to say. 
"Uhm." She failed and resorted to glancing back up to him.
"Harlow." He said her name, taking his right hand away from her back and inching up her hat.
She turned her eyes back to him at that point, but she was frozen. She couldn't move. She couldn't summon the strength and willpower to stop him. She let his hand move over her head and clutch the fabric in his grip. Her hair bounced out immediately, falling around her shoulders.
Enders twirled a strand of her hair in between his fingers. He examined it for a long time while Harlow tried to read the expression in his eyes.
He's not panicking. That's a good sign, right?
Enders took in a long, deep sigh and pulled away from her. He took two steps back and raised one hand to the back of his neck. He shifted his eyes to the lake beyond. He took a few steps forward and sat on the grass. "I saw your hair the day we jumped down the waterfall."
Harlow blinked, frozen for a moment before she followed his lead. She sat down cross-legged next to him. 
"You've known this whole time?"
Enders nodded, "I never knew how to tell you, so I kept it to myself, but," he sighed, "but, you're father is here now and I'm fairly certain he knows that he doesn't have a son."
Harlow laughed, this time indulging in her own voice instead of the one she'd been using for months. She could tell it caught Enders by surprise at first, but his smile showed that he had been delighted by the sound.
Silence returned in the most gradual manner. "I'm scared he'll send you home." Enders confessed.
Harlow raised an eyebrow at him. "There's no home to go back to.”
Enders drew his eyebrows together in confusion. “What do you mean?”
"King Wesley's men came through the village and destroyed it. There were only four survivors," Harlow said, taking in a deep breath, "They were looking for outlaws. My father fled before they could find him. Apparently his name came up as the men were torturing the villagers. I thought everyone had heard by now."
Enders nodded, "I'm sorry for your loss."
Harlow decided it was better not to tell that she wasn't too hurt by the incident. No one had enjoyed her presence anyway; but, they hadn't deserved to die either.
The silence filled the air between them, this time much more comfortable than the last.
"I can't stay out of the unit." Harlow said quietly.
Enders turned his head to her and placed his arms under his head. "I know."
Enders sat silent for a moment. His eyes met hers and his lips twitched up into a smile. "We have a raid tomorrow. I'm going to go back to the cabin and sleep," he said, standing up. “You should go too, Princess.”
Harlow sighed, disliking the affectionate term. “I'll be there soon.” 
She watched Enders nod, and turn his back. He gave her one last glance before exiting the forest.
'How could you let him find out that you're not a man?'
'Why would you tell him that you're royal blood?'
She scolded herself for a full hour, planting her head in her hands. She had told herself not to get close to anyone.
Of course, she didn't understand exactly how hard that would prove to be.


Chapter Sixteen

"Get up, McBride," Robin called out as he walked past Enders and Harlow training together. They hadn't spoken about the kiss for three days.
The raid had gone well; it was an easy enough thing to do. The monk gave up rather easily and the outlaws made off with plenty for the villages
Enders was still being his nice, gentle, charming self to her, but he'd been distant.
He held out his hand to her, offering her help to stand up. Harlow grabbed it gratefully and pulled herself upward.
"You ready?" Enders asked again, getting ready for another round. Other recruits were also training, but they weren't going for as long as Enders and Harlow had been. It had been several hours since they'd started training together, and there weren't many signs of stopping.
Harlow nodded, refusing to admit that she was tired.
Enders readied himself for the offensive side, when a shout rang out throughout the entire forest. "Open the gates!"
A man with broad shoulders, who looked like he had two hundred pounds in muscle alone, ran toward the door pulley and started to yank it downward.
Harlow noticed Robin run as fast as he could to the gates; Little John, Will Scarlett, and Harrison McBride were in hot pursuit of him. They neared the gates and waited for the oak doors to open.
A bloodied and beaten man sat upon a horse that rushed into the gates. The burly man yanked the pulley level the opposite direction to close the doors.
The beaten man was hanging like a rag doll off of the horse, his eyes lolling around in his head. He was barely conscious.
"Who did this to you?" Robin was the first person to reach him. He rose his arms to the man and tried to keep him up and steady.
"They attacked Nottingham Village. They're headed this way." The man's voice was croaked and disgruntled. It was as if he hadn't used his vocal chords in days. He was trying with all his power to keep himself awake and propped up.
"Who?" Robin asked, his fingers flying around the saddle straps to undo the contraption. "John, take the horse to the stables!"
The man came off the horse and stumbled into Robin Hood and Harrison 
McBride. "The king and his men."
Harlow's eyes widened. Horror seeped from deep within her gut to her limbs. She let her eyes fall on her father who tried to hold the man upright.
"What were they looking for?" She heard her father ask the man, his voice cautious and apprehensive.
"Outlaws. They mentioned two McBrides and a Hood." The man's eyes wouldn't focus. He kept his head down, his legs not cooperating with him.
Harrison turned his eyes away from the man and locked them onto Harlow's. The contact was nonverbal but it told her so much. They wanted the her and him, dead. 
"They're headed this way?" Robin asked. He tilted his head down to get a good look at the man's face. 
The man took a moment to cough and wheeze. "Aye," He coughed again. "They said they were headed through Sherwood."
Robin looked over to a woman standing nearby. "Evie, go to the nursing cabin and get supplies ready." The woman nodded and scurried off. "John, take him to the cabin with Evie."
Little John stepped closer and grabbed the man, practically dragging him to the cabin.
Robin surveyed the recruits for a moment, as if unsure exactly what to do. 
"This is it men," Robin announced, causing Harlow's blood to quiver, and the coldest of shivers to shoot through her veins. 
"Today is the beginning of the war."


Chapter Seventeen

"Everyone get your weaponry and meet back here in two minutes!" Nobody moved. 
"Now!" Robin roared, and everyone rushed off.
Harlow noticed Enders rush toward the cabin, but Harlow didn't move. She had her eyes glued on her father. She felt Enders grab her arm and drag her with him.
She ran mindlessly with Enders until they reached their cabin, grabbing the weaponry they'd stored there. Enders grabbed his bow and arrows as well as a sword. Harlow opted for knives and other small, throwing objects; it wasn't in her nature to use swords and bows.
Enders found himself dragging her along again. Her brain finally kicked into overdrive and she was able to think. 
This was it. 
It was time to use everything she'd learned.
She started racing alongside Enders, without his constant pulling on her arm. She only stopped when she saw her father running toward the training area.
"Father!" She shouted, running toward him and away from Enders, who followed right behind her.
"Henry," Her father called to her as she jogged over. "Are you sure you can do this?"
Harlow nodded. "I can do this on my own. We need you somewhere else." She said, looking around.
"Henry, I'll be fine." Her father said, looking at her. 
"No, Father," Harlow started, looking at him carefully. "You don't understand. We can handle this by ourselves. That's the second village that has been attacked. You need to head out and warn the other villages. Bring as many refugees here as possible." Harlow said, looking over her shoulder at Robin Hood.
Her father had stayed quiet. His eyes stuck on hers for a while. "Father, you're more useful trying to evacuate the citizens than you are here."
"Then you'll come with me," Her father said, about to walk past her and toward Robin.
"No." She said, turning toward him. "These people need protecting. It's in my blood to protect them.”
Her father paled slightly. “In your blood?”
Harlow nodded and swallowed. "Evacuate the other villages, General McBride. Take Coors and Landon with you."
Her father stared silently for a moment. He nodded, slow, discontent. “As you command.” 
Harlow stepped forward and wrapped her arms around her father. "Be careful."
Harrison McBride laughed. "You as well, my child." He held on for a moment longer. "I love you, Harlow."
"I love you, too." She broke free of the hug and turned her back, rushing off with Enders at her side.
Robin had just begun a speech about which direction they'd be going in and what strategy they would use. "We're splitting into two groups," he shouted, "We'll attack from the left and right sides. We don't want any of our blood spilled, so be careful. If they retreat, let them run."
Harlow listened as Robin rattled off the groups that would be taking each position. Enders, Harlow, Robin, Reggie, Little John, and Candor all shared a group with two dozen other recruits that Harlow hadn't remembered.
Everything was happening too fast. Sherwood citizens were running around gathering their things together before the men set off. The men were yelling to each other and getting in formation.
She heard the sound of horses hooves from the right. Her eyes caught her father's eyes before he was through the oak gates and gone.
Then, they were in the forest. That's when Harlow's brain seemed to click back on. The fuzzy, blurry feeling wore off and she was suddenly aware of everything going on around her. The wind blew gently, brushing against her face. She took step-by-boring-step and waited for something to happen. Instead, the minutes dragged on like hours and every noise made her more alert.
Robin Hood stood at the back of the group with several of the more experienced archers, in the front were some of the experienced swordsmen, and standing in the middle of the group were some of the people who could do either swordplay or archery with great skill. Harlow was placed in the middle, given her excellence with knives and other objects that were light enough to be thrown. Just behind her, the archers stood, Aldridge following her as the group tried to pack themselves together.
Every snap and twig made Enders twitch, Harlow noticed. He was nervous, but he was alert, and that was one of his better traits.
It was then that Harlow heard the snap of a renegade twig in the distance. It was too close to be the other group of outlaws, but too distant to be anyone in this group. Everyone seemed to become ten times more awake at the sound.
"Left," Robin had whispered just loud enough for every to hear. Everyone turned left and went down an old, abandoned dirt pathway.
"Stop!" He immediately shouted and turned behind him. Everyone in the group turned to face him with wild eyes.
Robin held a man at arrow-point before him. The man was dressed in kingdom armor, a small beard covering his chin. He held his hands up defensively, dropping his sword to the ground.
Her eyes roamed over the man at arrow-point. Harlow raised an eyebrow. "Enders," he didn't answer but she knew he was listening, "He's not wearing his sword. Soldiers are trained to always have their weaponry."
"Who are you?" Robin demanded. The man winced at the volume.
"I'm a soldier for the kings army." The man's voice shook in cowardice. Harlow let her eyebrows scrunch together a bit. The man didn't seem genuine.
"This isn't how the king trains his men. They'd rather die than fall to an outlaw. " Harlow said quietly to Enders. Enders had one raised eyebrow and started looking to his left and right sides. 
"You're right." He said simply.
Harlow felt her heart skip a beat and a cold panic fill her lungs. It was as if she'd swallowed ice cubes. "He's a distraction."
The man that Robin held at arrow-point raised the edges of his lips in a wicked smile. His eyes traveled past them all, looking at a point beyond them.
Harlow noticed his eyes, and she was certain everyone else had too. She turned around and was greeted by a swarm of men in soldiers dress. Harlow noted that they weren't wearing their bulky breastplates. They held their swords and archery bows out and at the ready. They had this whole things planned from the beginning. They specifically designed this sneak-attack. Harlow found herself wondering if the man who rose into Sherwood was actually a soldier or not. She brushed the thought off for now.
All the outlaws had turned around. Everyone's blood curled with an acceptable degree of fear.
"Sire," One of the men called in a disgusting, burly voice. "We've found the outlaws."
The sounds of a trotting horse came to Harlow's ears as she stood in awe. She'd taken out her throwing knives and held them ready in her hand, below the soldier's eyesight.
In front of them trotted the King, sitting upon a muscular, well-bred horse.
"Outlaws," he sneered. His eyes roamed over them maliciously. He was thin, but very obviously muscular. He was in good health and shape considering his age. He had cropped brown hair that sat cleanly on his scalp. A crown sat victoriously upon his head, as if he'd done anything worth revering. His hands gripped the horse's reins in a light touch; strange for a man so belligerent, but Harlow figured he had a soft spot for this one horse. He had the most frustrating, dark eyes Harlow had ever seen in her life.
Wicked. That was the first word that Harlow thought. 
Then: Evil. 
Grandfather.
"How nice of you to find my sweet forest a humble abode."	
No one spoke. The only sound was the movement of a horse, and the blowing wind through the trees.
"Now, I'll make this quick and painless for you." King Wesley said, looking through the crowd. Harlow tilted her face downward in fear that he might know who she was. "Which of you is Robin Hood?"
Again, no one spoke. Harlow felt Enders tense, clenching and relaxing his fists repeatedly, anger flowing through his veins like his own blood.
"Really? No one?" The king asked, an eyebrow raised quizzically. "You'll all die then."
The warning had no baring on them.
Still, no one spoke up. Harlow felt terror flow through her veins. She felt horror for Enders. She didn't expect the touch when she felt it; Enders laced his fingers through hers, squeezed her palm in an almost comforting way. She knew he was scared. He'd expressed this very fear to her during one of their talks on the pier. Now, all she could do was watch and wait for their lives to end.
King Wesley shrugged, the cloak at his shoulders swaying gently. He looked down to one of his knight's next to him. "Kill them all." He ordered.
"Wait!" A loud voice rang out through the forest. Harlow turned her eyes to the side. Enders took several steps forward, through the crowd. He let Harlow's hand fall from his own before anyone could notice he'd been gripping it. Complete panic fired up inside her, but she couldn't move.
Harlow felt her jaw drop and her mind go blank. 
What are you doing?! She wanted to scream, to tell tell him to come back to her, to tell him to stop being crazy. She wanted to do so many things, but her body sat immovable. She felt like the biggest, most useless brick of ice on this continent.
The king looked annoyed upon Enders' presence. "Why should I wait if you are of no use to me?"
"Because I'm offering you something better than Robin Hood." Enders said. His anger threatened to brim over the edge of his temper's limit.
King Wesley laughed sarcastically. His gold necklaces and luxurious jewelry glinted in the sunlight. It was a testament to his wealth, to his power. "Why should I trust a mere boy? What could you possibly offer me?"
Enders' heart pounded wildly in his chest, although anger dominated his expression. He was fearful, yes, but he was angry, and anger makes you do crazy things. “I can offer you bait; a way to lure Robin Hood out to you.”
The king raised an eyebrow, looking skeptically upon Enders.
"My name is Eden Enders Hode. I am Robin Hood's son, and a Prince among thieves.”
Chapter Eighteen

Three seconds.
That's how long it took for the king's expression to turn from annoyance to absolute delight.
It was the longest three seconds of Harlow's life. She stood like a brick, wondering if the king would strike him down where he stood. But, no, that wasn't Wesley's game. 
"I request a deal be made," Enders said, his eyes glaring up at the king.
"Go on," The king said, his delight still shining in his eyes.
"You let these men live, in one piece, and return home. Leave them be for some time. In exchange I'll willingly go as your bait for Robin Hood."
Harlow began taking steps forward. Her jaw hung gently and her eyes took in everything happening in front of her. She started to reach out her hand to stop Enders, to pull him back. A hand on her mid-section stopped her. Her eyes froze on Enders, and her body wanted to recoil. A voice whispered almost inaudibly to her, “Don't.” The thick, burly voice of Little John broke her. “He's doing this for you. Don't make him regret it.”
Harlow felt the blood in her veins turn to ice as his words spilled out, speaking her own secret to herself.
She would have been more surprised if it hadn't been for Enders standing ahead of them. Standing in front of her grandfather and offering himself up to save her and the rest of them. She would have been surprised, but Enders' unpredictability had her mind trapped in a cage of panic.
This was it, she'd lost all control on everything. 
Little John knew about her.
Enders was giving himself up.
And, her grandfather sat upon a horse in front of her, taking away the only person she'd ever truly loved.
The king held a raised eyebrow. He eyed Enders suspiciously. “How likely is it that he'll come for you?” A smile sickeningly hugged at King Wesley's lips. He  already knew the answer, but he wanted to see the outlaws squirm and panic.
“He'll come for me,” Enders reassured. Anger built on the edge of his voice and Harlow wondered how long it would be before he did something irrational. “Outlaws have a code of conduct. We're loyal to those we love, especially our children, whom we protect with our lives.” Enders said. 
The king's delight faltered slightly, flickering to annoyance at the mention. He'd killed his own daughter, and Enders was taking jabs at him for it. “Bind his hands and get him on one of the horses.” He commanded the man at his right side.
“Yes, Majesty.” The knight stepped forward and spun Enders around to face the Outlaws. The man pulled Enders' hands behind his back and forced his head up. It was a warning to all the Outlaws, not to fall out of line with royalty.
As Enders eyes went up, he let them fall on Harlow's. He tried to keep himself calm, but Harlow saw the anger and panic behind his eyes. He tried to offer her a small, reassuring smile, but Harlow's anger was only brought to a boil by it. She furrowed her brows and kept eye contact with him.
She didn't know when she'd see him next, or if she would see him again at all. She feared the worst and felt herself start to tremble. She tried to push it back, keeping the anger up front. 
Harlow swallowed gently, knowing Enders noticed. She refused to smile at him. She saw his brown eyes shift over her. When would she see those eyes again?
His eyes had landed somewhere behind him, and his expression changed. She knew who was behind her, that he'd dare to look at: Robin Hood.
Enders quickly turned his eyes back to Harlow's, trying to comfort her with softened eyes.
Harlow still felt her jaw hanging gently and her eyes filling with anger as they turned Enders around, so he could no longer see his fellow outlaws. They ushered him up onto a horse on King Wesley's right side.
Enders let his eyes fall to the floor, unable to take the pain of looking into Harlow's any longer.
“Goodbye, outlaws,” The king said, malice dripping with every syllable, “and tell Robin Hood that his son is being held for ransom.” With that, he shook the reigns to his horse and ordered everyone back to his castle.
Everything happened in a blur from that moment on.
She saw the final look in Enders eyes as he peeled away from her in slow motion. 
She saw the royal calvary rush off the way they'd come.
She felt anger flow through her veins. She felt the beating of her heart all over her body.
This was a declaration of war and Harlow refused to be on the losing side.

*~*~*

An intense malice and hatred rose in her chest as she saw the calvary disappear in the distance.
Her legs unlocked from their place and propelled her forward, rushing after the calvary.
“Everyone, back to camp, now!” Little John's voice shouted out, the booming of his words reaching Harlow as she sprinted after the horses.
Branches and leaves crunched under her feet, and her body weaved through wooden oak trees as she dodged random foliage from clinging to her.
She saw the last horse gallop through the thicket of trees across the clearing as she burst through the tree branches in her way. 
They'd disappeared again, taking Enders out of her reach for good.
Out of breath and out of options, she dropped to her knees, feeling helpless and defeated. She threw her fists at the ground, an angry, gruff, muffled shout escaping her lips.
Everything had gone quiet as she sat defeated for a few minutes.
The sting of tears invaded her eyes and a steady panic sat in her chest. Initially she'd felt anger only at King Wesley, but now she felt anger towards Robin, towards herself, her father, and everyone around her. She tried to push it aside as best as she could as she sat in the quietness of the forest.
She knew he was hiding something. This entire time he was hiding who he was. She understood it, but she didn't like it.
A cough sounded behind her, a gentle sign that someone was there. Harlow knew who it was before he spoke. 
“How long had he known?” Little John asked, his tone quiet. Reserved, as always.
Harlow sniffed quietly, letting herself sit still, staring at the dirt before her. She placed her palms on the ground and looked at the fresh dirt under her fingernails. “What do you mean?” 
Denial wouldn't work, but she gave it a try anyway.
“Enders hates his father. He would never have given himself up for Robin. He sacrificed himself out of love, yes, but not love for his father.”
Harlow looked up at the horizon that Enders had been taken through, letting herself stay sad for a moment, before turning her eyes back to the dirt on the ground. She used her right sleeve to wipe tears from her eyes. Her voice cracked when she answered: “Eleven weeks.”
Little John raised one eyebrow and whistled. “Eleven weeks, huh? That's a long time to carry such a heavy secret.”
Harlow nodded, picking herself up from the ground, her legs trembling and her eyes still fighting back tears of frustration. “Aye, well, that's not the only secret he carried.”
She found it easier to be angry than sad. 
She let her back stay toward Little John. The last thing she needed was for him to see her weak and broken.
“How did you find out?” Harlow asked, rubbing her cheeks dry of the renegade tears. Her attempt to compose herself was futile for the moment, fresh tears replacing those that she removed.
“Your father is a good friend of mine,” He said, a small smile on his lips. “He made me vow not to tell a soul. I was only to watch over you and keep you safe.” He looked over to the trees at his left before adding, “Aldridge also knows. He tended to you when you were ambushed. He found the wrapping at your chest and had Evie take care of you. We're the only four who know, aside from Enders.”
Harlow nodded. “Aye.”
She looked back in the direction that Enders had been swept off to. She raised one hand to touch the brim of her hat, which was snugly placed over her brunette hair.
“Come on, Henry,” Little John said, nodding back in the direction he'd come. “Let's go back to camp and come up with a plan for rescue.”
Harlow nodded, rubbing her eyes dry and rolling her shoulders back once. 
She wouldn't let anyone see her like this. She turned around and stalked forward, past Little John, and made her way through the thick forest.
Harlow and Little John walked in silence, Harlow's mind running rescue strategies through in her head. She felt herself getting fatigued at the thought and pushed it aside for the time being. She kept walking, her brain focusing solely on Enders, and the secret he'd kept for so long: His father was the infamous Robin Hood.

*~*~*

Her feet crunched over leaves and twigs as she and Little John crossed a boundary line into Sherwood City.
She kept her head down, not being able to help but think that everything made so much more sense now that she knew who Enders' father was. It made sense why he trained so hard, why Robin looked familiar to her at times. It explained why Enders showed just a little disappointment when she was promoted and not himself.
When they'd reached the training area, on the way to Robin's cabin, she turned her head up and stood amazed at the sight before her. The outlaw recruits and every man available sat on the training fields, awaiting instruction and a strategy of attack.
Everyone sat in different groups, with the different people they knew and talked to while they stayed in Sherwood.
Harlow noticed quickly that the other team had returned and had been informed. Several people, she noticed, were now murmuring and quietly talking in hushed tones about Enders' capture. Even more were talking about him being Robin Hood's son and how they were shocked and surprised by the idea.
“Now that I think about it, they do look very similar,” one man said, taking a bite of his apple, one arm hung over his knee. The other man he'd been speaking to responded with something inaudible.
As she walked past the men, some people turned and gave her regretful looks and sad faces. Most everyone was aware that they'd been the closest of friends since arriving.
Now, Harlow walked toward Robins cabin with her head held high and her face twisted in anger.
She approached the door, not caring to close it softly after Little John had gone in.
Inside, Robin stood hunched over the table, examining a map of the castle and the forestry areas around it.
Next to him stood Will Scarlett, who had his arms mostly crossed, with his right hand under his chin as he stared down at a different map. Two other men stood off to the sides, leaning against the walls. She'd recognized the men, but they weren't the type of recruits that trained. Harlow guessed they'd been in Sherwood for a while and were a rank or so above her.
Little John stood still for a moment before stepping forward and looked at the map of the castle.
“We could go around the west bank and head toward the drawbridge.” Will Scarlett offered, looking over the map, momentarily moving his hand from his chin to speak.
Robin shook his head, keeping his eyes still on the map. “No,” he pointed to the entrance. “They'd pick up the bridge. That's the reason they have it there.”
Harlow waited, leaning up against the door post, her arms crossed, and her eyes twisted in distaste.
Silence followed for a while.
“What about going through the east plateau to attack?” One of the other men asked, stepping closer to the map and pointing to an area.
Again, Robin shook his head and pointed to an area close to where the other man had pointed. “The king trains his soldiers for the sole purpose of an attack here. They have specific drills for that very situation.”
The man nodded, somewhat disgruntled and stepped away.
Harlow contemplated for a moment before she stepped forward and pointed to the south end of the castle. “Attack through the southern infirmary. It's practically abandoned since they built the new one on this west side.” She sighed and looked over the map. “Send a distraction this way,” she said moving her finger up gently, to the east. “Most of the kings' units would move away from the southern end. King Wesley is smart, so he'll expect a distraction, but he wont expect an attack anywhere except the opposite end.” Harlow took a step backward and crossed her arms again, still looking down at the map.
Harlow shrugged as she thought it over, stepping back toward the door post where she slouched against it again. “Enders is probably being kept in the middle of the castle, on the most bottom floor. We'll have to fight a lot of men no matter where we go. We just have to make sure we don't get boxed in.”
Robin looked up at Harlow, his eyes looking her over. “You're definitely your father's son.” He mumbled, almost disgruntled, as he looked at the map in a new way. His mouth hung slightly ajar at the new perspective on the map.
Harlow, for once, didn't feel the need to chuckle or laugh at the fact that he'd called her a man. Instead, she bore her eyes into the map as Robin hunched himself over the table.
She took a look at Robin himself and understood the similarities between the two now. They both had the same brown hair, although Enders was much more brown and sleek. Robin's had become gray with age, although his brown locks still remained throughout the gray clouds. She noticed his brown eyes and the way he looked so concentrated. They were more similar than anyone had ever realized. Then again, Enders had been very careful to keep it that way.
Robin looked over the map as he raised a hand, pointing toward Harlow. “I like that plan,” He said, his eyes slightly widening. “That will work!” He exclaimed, looking hopeful for the first time that evening.
Harlow widened her eyes slightly. She didn't expect him to listen, but she felt renewed excitement that she had. “Really?” She pushed herself off the post and stood alert. “When should we go, then?”
Robin sighed. “The king's men will be on full alert for an attack for the next few weeks. We wont have the resources for an attack for a few weeks, anyway.”
Harlow's relief immediately died. “Weeks?”
Robin barely paid any mind to her. “Aye. We've lost a lot of the resources we need to fight anybody, never mind the royal calvary.”
Harlow felt her heart pause with disgust. With the most calm voice she could muster, she said: “Your son is captured and you're going to wait weeks to advance rescue efforts?”
She took one step forward, immediately feeling two large hands on her shoulders. “Henry,” Little John's voice warned her. His large hands pulled her back.
“No!” Harlow raised her voice. “You can't do that!”
Robin raised an eyebrow, taken aback by the flare of anger. “Henry, we don't have the resources. We--”
“He's your son! Your son!” Harlow tried to take another step forward, but quickly felt the massive arm of Little John grab her shoulder and pull her back again. “How can you let your son sit in a massive castle where he could be slaughtered!?”
“Henry, we can't--” Robin began, but couldn't finish his words.
“You ruined his life! You've ruined so many lives!” Harlow cried out, Little John pulling her arm back when she tried to move forward. She viciously shook him off, taking a small step forward. “You acted like a hero! You made yourself a symbol! You swept in and treated everyone kindly when King Wesley increased taxes and when he attacked the poor! You made people believe in you! You became all things to all men!” Harlow tried again to step forward, but was quickly pulled back by her midsection and temporarily lifted off the ground. She let out an angry growl as Little John put her back on the floor. “You filled the citizens with hope, and in return, you destroyed their lives!”
“Henry!” Robin shouted. He rested his hands on the table before him. His eyes were angry, eyebrows knitted together as he watched her. 
“You could go and rescue him. You could send out the efforts you have, but you refuse to use whatever you've got.” Harlow accused, her voice now at an acceptable pitch. “You've ruined the most lives, not by the sword, but by your words. The least you could do is take care of your own son.”
Robin stared at her, at a loss for words. She'd hit him where it hurt. 
Harlow, unable to stand being in the same room as Robin Hood any longer, shrugged Little John off of her. She shook off her shirt once, giving one last angry look at Robin Hood before opening the door of the cabin and slamming it shut behind her.
At first she was just going to go back to her cabin and think about what to do, but as she stepped down the wooden steps of Robin's abode, her thoughts started to go the speed of light. She felt her eyes change, her heart move and beat with something she had never felt before. The longer Enders stayed in that castle, the more her heart would break.
Harlow felt the rush of the wind push around her ears as she marched through the sea of men on the training fields.
She felt her pulse in her ears as she walked to the edge of the field, kicked over a renegade crate, and stepped onto the large box overlooking the men. “Listen up!” She shouted as loud as she could, which even surprised her.
Only the men in the few front rows immediately stopped talking, but as a few seconds passed, every man's attention laid still on her.
“Rescue efforts have not and will not be announced. The leader amongst us has decided that rescue is not the best option right now. Are we to sit and wait until Enders has his head separated from him?!” Harlow shouted out, “Hm!?” Several of the men looked at each other. Most men, she assumed, sat shocked because they couldn't believe the mutiny happening before their very eyes.
Silence only dominated for a second. 
“King Wesley takes kindly to stranded and injured civilians, predominantly women. That being established, I plan to make my way into the castle under the pretense of a civilian. Anybody is welcome to join me. Regardless of any raised opposition, I will be leaving and attempting to rescue Enders,” Harlow saw Robin's cabin door open and Robin walk out. He stood watching the spectacle before him, his forearms leaning against the railings of the cabin porch. Harlow continued, her eyes on him during her next words: “seeing as his very own father refuses to save him.”
Harlow almost faltered, seeing Robin's eyes grow more furious with every passing second.
One man in the front row chuckled before he spoke. “So, you're going to pretend an injury so you can sneak into the castle and rescue Enders from the inside?” The man's raised eyebrow was mocking. His hair had some interwoven gray strands and his face wore the look of a seasoned warrior. “You said yourself, the king takes in mostly women. He'll never take in an outlaw who staggers into the path of his horses.” He looked to the man on his left, who wore a sad smile. “McBride's boy thinks he's a woman!”
Harlow felt the rage in her heart spill over it's limit. “That's because I'm not Harrison McBride's son.” She seethed, the words coming out of her mouth before she had a chance to think about it. Her anger had already gotten the best of her and if she didn't get a grip on it soon, she would do something irrational.
But, it was too late for rationality.
There was a sudden quietness. She raised her hands to her head quickly and tugged off her hat.
Her hair cascaded around her shoulders in what felt like slow motion.
Most of the men let their jaws go slack and hang down upon the sight of her. She ran one hand through her hair and looked over the men.
“I'm Harrison McBride's daughter.”
Chapter Nineteen

The men in the training field area had a calmness around them that only lasted for a few seconds before murmurs and whispered talking broke out. Everyone stared at the woman before them.
She ran one hand through her hair again, letting her arms hang down at her sides with her hat in hand. Her eyes narrowed at Robin Hood, who stood an entire field away. She could see his mouth hanging wide open, his eyes large and surprised. How could he have let a woman into his recruitment?
Little John looked worried. But, there was something else there too; pride maybe? Maybe he was relieved to see she'd taken things into her own hands.
“You're a woman?” The man from the front row asked.
“Aye,” Harlow said. Her eyes landed on him with irritation and pride. She raised an angry eyebrow at him. “Seems to me that Harrison McBride raised one damn good daughter.”
The man looked dumbfounded. Harlow refused to let her eyes rest on him. She moved her eyes around the crowd, spotting several people she'd been close with during her recruitment.
Reggie, for one, looked a little hurt. Harlow could only guess that was because she hadn't told him.
Candor and Elwin, on the other hand looked upon her in shock and delight. She wanted to roll her eyes; the two were mischievous, as always. She couldn't tell what exactly they were thinking.
“That's why my plan will work,” She said, anger still in her voice, “Whether or not anyone is with me.” She stepped down off the crate. Her stride was tall, long, and confident. She was headed toward the little cabin she stayed in. She didn't know what she was going to do next, what was going to happen, or when she was going to leave, but she knew she had to pack her things. In either case, she wouldn't be given the safety of Sherwood any longer.
She'd been about ten yards to her cabin when Little John approached her and took her arm. “Come with me.”
Harlow raised an eyebrow, stopping in her tracks, her hat hanging gently from her hand, Little John's hand holding onto her skin with an iron grip. “Why?”
He contemplated lying to her, and Harlow could tell from his reaction that he didn't want to tell her the truth. “Robin would like a word with you.”
Harlow nodded. She felt a sick smile creep onto her face. She immediately suppressed it, not liking the way it felt on her skin. She looked to the left, at the lake and pier. “Tell him I'm busy with a rescue effort.”
Little John tilted his head, his eyes looking tired and strained. “Harlow,” He said her name as a warning. It was strange to hear her own name, but she brushed off the feeling, holding tightly onto the anger she had inside of her.
Harlow sighed, her lips cutting into a tight line. “He's going to make me leave Sherwood.”
Little John sighed. He kept his eyes even on her. “Aye. He's going to make you leave. He wouldn't be Robin Hood if he didn't.” Harlow nodded, casting her eyes down. “But, you wouldn't be a McBride if you didn't completely defy him until the very end.”
Harlow let her eyes meet his. She saw the reassuring smile on his lips, and the twinkle of mischief beneath his eyes. She smiled back at him. “Fine.”
Little John let go of her arm, knowing that she'd be walking alongside him. He kept a protective watch out for the men in their path. None of them would do anything irrational, but leave it to Little John to always be on the alert.
When they got to the cabin, Little John opened the door and waited for Harlow to go in.
Harlow raised an eyebrow. “Stop doing that.”
Little John was taken slightly aback. “Doing what?”
“Treating me like a woman,” Harlow huffed, stepping inside after realizing how ridiculous the request was.
Robin stood inside the cabin, his arms crossed and his eyes narrowing. Upon seeing her, he shook his head, trying to find words to say.
Harlow waited silently for him to start his lecture.
Robin stuttered, trying to find something to say. He was angry, and he was trying to hold himself together. “Why?”
Harlow chuckled. “Ya' know, that's exactly what Enders asked me.” She was determined to get under his skin and she knew that Enders was just the way to do that.
“Enders knew?” Robin asked, his eyebrows raising in alarm.
“Aye,” Harlow said, leaning against the wall, arms crossed, one leg in front of the other. Harlow raised an eyebrow at him after a second. “Did you think he gave himself up for you?”
The anger in Robin's eyes almost made her shiver.  “How long had he known?”
Harlow looked to the ground for a moment. Her smile dropped and her demeanor lost it's hard exterior. “He'd found out when we were ambushed during the raid you demanded we do.”
Robin's irritation grew. He shook his head and rubbed his eyes. “We're sending you to Barnsdale in the morning.”
Harlow laughed. “Aye? Barnsdale is in ruins by now.”
Robin turned to her, fire in his eyes. “Barnsdale is doing fine, and that's where you'll be going.”
Harlow shook her head. “I'll leave, but I'm not going to Barnsdale.”
Robin rolled his eyes. “Little John,” He said addressing him. “For the love of God, get her a dress and wake her up by dawn. Have her horse ready, please.”
Harlow shook her head in frustration. “Arrange whatever you like. I assure you it will not be working.”
Robin scowled. “Take her to one of the vacant cabins and have her rest all afternoon. Stand guard at the door and let no one in that cabin.” He said, turning around and staring at one of the maps on the table before him.
“Miss McBride,” Little John, said reluctantly as he turned to face her.
“Don't,” Harlow hissed as sharply as she could, “call me that,” Harlow warned, narrowing her eyes at him before turning to the door and jerking it open. She let it hang on it's hinges as Little John walked behind her.
She walked to her cabin and gathered her things, Little John standing just inside the door frame. Harlow hated that she was doing this, but opted that doing what was said of her would lower Robin's alertness of her.
“So, you've been sleeping in this cabin with twelve other men for almost a full year?” Little John asked, looking around the messy cabin. Clothing had been strewn everywhere and it smelled like sweat and metal.
Harlow nodded. “Aye.”
“How did no one find out?” Little John asked incredulously, more to himself than to her.
“Someone did find out,” Harlow said, picking up her blanket and rolling it tightly before shoving it into her bag, “and he's halfway to death by now.”
“Aye,” Little John said, “but that was a completely different situation.” He wandered to where Harlow knelt and picked up a renegade blade, stabbing it into the windowsill and leaving it out of anyone's way.
“Aye,” Harlow nodded, thinking back, “aye, it was.” She slung her bag onto her back and turned to face him.
Little John nodded, seeing that she was ready, and lead her out of the building and toward a vacant cabin on the other end of the town center and market.
As she approached the cabin, she pulled her hat back on and tucked all of her strands of hair into the brim. Little John turned just as she secured the hat and looked at her oddly. “Well,” he said, waving a hand in the direction of the cabin porch and door. “Here you are.”
Harlow nodded, unhappy about the situation. She took two steps up the porch, looking down as she did so, debating with herself how far she'd get if she ran at this very moment. She concluded she'd get about six feet before being dragged back.
Realizing and temporarily accepting defeat, she turned back to the man behind her. “John,” She called his name. “You and my father are good friends?” 
“Aye, we are. Why is it you ask?” He folded his hands together at first before taking a step closer to the porch, resting one hand on his hip and the other on the railing.
“Did he tell you anything about my mother?” Harlow asked, keeping her voice low and even, as to not receive any attention.
Little John looked slightly taken aback. He shifted nervously. “He doesn't talk about her often, but he's mentioned a few things.”
Harlow nodded, clutching her bag tighter with one hand as she stood. “I can't go to Barnsdale.” She said, looking at him for the first time, with a gentle, pleading expression. “If you know anything about my mother, then you'll understand what I must do.”
She noticed his face change. Deciding that it was time to plan, she turned and entered the cabin, closing the door quietly behind her. Immediately, she threw down her bag and started pulling out maps that she'd taken from home upon her departure.
She would be going through with her plan.
She'd make it into the castle.
She'd save Enders.
Even if it took her last breath to do.

Chapter Twenty

Darkness fell over the occupants of Sherwood, engulfing them in the unknown of night.
Harlow sat, nervously in her cabin, looking from the door to the window every few seconds. Sure, Little John would be most definitely on the other side of the door, but the window didn't feel like a better option.
Harlow stood quietly and peered out the window. The view was intimidating. Robin Hood's cabin stood just on the other side of a burning fire, his window in total harmony with hers, giving him a view of her through his window.
It wasn't a question of how she wanted to leave, it was a question of who she'd rather deal with in an attempt to leave.
Harlow moved to the window overlooking the front porch of the cabin. She couldn't see him, but she knew Little John would be waiting for her to make some kind of attempt at escape.
She opted for the front door, unwilling to deal with Robin Hood. 
Quickly, she walked to the bed, that she'd placed her bag on. It wasn't heavy, seeing as she'd discarded all of her irrelevant items, carrying only a few knives and some necessities.
She spotted the dress Little John had been ordered to bring her, sitting precariously on the bed. She gave the fabric a look of distaste before shoving it in her bag and throwing the bag over her shoulder.
Moving to the door, she turned the knob softly, trying her best to be as quiet as possible. She'd taken about three steps out the door, closed the door quietly, and turned around before noticing Little John looming over her, his arms folded and staring at her with curious eyes.
"I think you and I both know you're not supposed to be leaving this cabin." He said, his eyebrows raised and bent inward.
Harlow sighed, turning her head away from him and tugging the hat off of her head in frustration, and dropping her bag on the porch.
"Go back in," Little John nodded to the cabin behind her.
Harlow stayed silent for a moment before she found the courage to speak against him. "No." She said calmly, looking over his shoulder and toward the world beyond.
Little John kept one eyebrow raised. "No?"
Harlow nodded, crossing her arms as she stared up into his eyes defiantly. "That's exactly what I said." She kept her voice even as she spoke. "I wont go back in this cabin. I have responsibilities. I have an Outlaw to save," Harlow said. She tried to cling to the sternness in her voice as much as she could.
Little John simply stared at her. 
"You know who my mother was," Harlow said, her eyes focusing on his, reading his every reaction. "You know who I am. Who would I be if I didn't try to save him?"
Little John stood still for a few long seconds, before a smile crept onto his face. "I understand what you're capable of. You just needed to hear it from your own mouth." He told her in a low voice. "You've got until dawn breaks to run. Robin will be all over Sherwood searching for you after that point." Little John said, taking a step to the side.
Harlow felt relief flood her body. She nodded. "Understood."
"Now, you've got an Outlaw to save, Your Highness." Little John said, still smiling confidently at her. She felt an undesirable chill cover her body.
She widened her eyes at him, wasting no time in grabbing her bag and barreling down the steps. "Thank You," She murmured to him before taking the last step.
"Harlow," Little John called before she got too far away. She turned around, still taking a few steps backward. "You're going to make one damn good Queen."
Harlow took two more steps backward before slowing down for just a second. She felt her stomach drop at the thought. 
Queen? 
She pushed the thought to the back of her mind, spinning around and racing off into the night.

*~*~*

Harlow knew she didn't have time to spare. Without giving anything much more thought, she vaulted over random logs and pushed her legs as fast as she could, crunching renegade branches in her wake.
Throughout the night, she would slow to a walk and then speed up after she'd caught her breath. She knew she had several cuts on her face from renegade branches that fell in her path
Her legs were exhausted and her body cried for water that she didn't have. She'd been running for hours, that much she knew. Harlow noticed the sky start to lighten just a little bit, indicating the rising sun. She felt herself rushing toward it as if she needed it. The moon light wasn't enough to light her path, but she knew that when the sun came up, she'd be hunted like a dog.
She finally slowed down when she came to a dirt pathway, just as the sun came up over the horizon.
Seeing the pathway, she went several yards back into Sherwood forest and shrugged off her bag. She set down her bag on a log, letting her lungs heave in and out, making sure to keep as quiet as possible. She rummaged through her things, finding the small, blue dress that Little John had taken to her cabin the night before.
She eyed it, almost distastefully.
As quickly and quietly as possible, she discarded her boyish clothes and forced herself into the dress that seemed to be made specifically for her.
It wasn't comfortable on her, but she couldn't care less. She looked down, holding the dress' fabric in her dirty, cut up hands. It was the comparison between her hands and the fabric that made her realize that the dress was too clean. No one would believe she'd been running for her life in such a well-preserved dress.
Quickly, she picked up a random branch and started tattering the clothing. She made one long cut to the side of her dress, placing another through the fabric on her upper arm.
Determining that two large holes and several smaller ones would look legitimate enough, she wiped all of the blood from her hands and legs on the dress, in areas that seemed appropriate.
Immediately, she reached down to the forest floor and drew up a ball of dirt in her hands, smudging and destroying her dress with it. 
She threw herself on the ground, making smudge and dirt spots on the blue cotton.
She gave herself one more look-over, taking her boots off and letting her feet drag around in the mud.
Carefully peeking at each end of the road, she propelled herself to the other side of the pathway, and turned her back to the forest, as if stumbling out of the woods.
She laid in wait for two terrifying hours before a caravan and two horsemen came trotting down the pathway. The men in the caravan were merchants, but the men on horseback were not. They were soldiers; royal soldiers. 
Calculating the perfect timing, Harlow threw herself into the pathway just to the side of the horsemen and caravan.
Their shock and surprise gave Harlow some confidence.
"Help me, please." She cried, her eyes dramatically glazing over in dismay. She made her breathing labored and ragged.
A soldier immediately hopped off his horse and ran to her side, taking her arm gently and attempting to keep her upright. She leaned into him, disgusted by her own act; but nevertheless doing what needed to be done.
“My lady, what has happened to you?” One of the horsemen asked, his arm trying to keep her stable.
She looked up from the tops of her eyelids and stared at him for a moment, her sweat-drenched hair hanging in her eyes.
"Outlaws," She breathed out heavily, her heart dropping at the very word. "From back west."


Chapter Twenty-one

Harlow had been sitting in the caravan for at least an hour. The horsemen had ordered the merchant to make some room for her. They'd wrapped a piece of clothing around her shoulders and told her to relax. She'd pretended to fall asleep for some time, trying to keep her breathing easy and light.
"What should we do with her?" One of the horsemen asked the other.
"I'm not sure," the one who'd rushed to her side spoke, "We could take her to the monastery."	
"They already have many refugees staying there." The other, older horseman countered.
"I suppose the King will want to see her. He'd voiced his desire for new maid hands around the castle." The younger soldier sounded almost bored.
"Yes, but that Outlaw was recently taken in. She may not be comfortable in the castle." The older one said.
"What the King wants, the King gets," the horseman sighing heavily as he spoke. "She'd never see the Outlaw anyway.”
The older man huffed. "I'm surprised we haven't killed him yet."
"He's important to capturing the rest of them." The younger man countered as they trotted off. The conversation died slowly, turning from interesting to boring.
Harlow hoped it was determined that she'd go to the castle, that she'd be hired by the King. She made herself dead-like, letting blood and sweat mingle on her skin. 
As the caravan exited Sherwood sometime later, Harlow breathed out a sigh of relief, knowing that the easiest part was over. 
It was always darkest before the dawn, and dawn certainly hadn't come yet.

*~*~*

Harlow tried hard to fight the drowsiness that fell over her. She found herself aching from the cuts and bruises of running through the forest all night. Before she realized it, she'd been asleep in the caravan next to the merchant, who'd reluctantly approved her presence.
It had to have been hours since she'd fallen asleep. She barely felt the caravan stop moving. She heard the animal noises of the horses as they'd trotted carefully to the stables. She drifted in and out of consciousness as the horsemen returned the horses to their stables and spoke softly to the caravan driver.
It took her a minute or so to realize that her body had been lifted from it's resting place and was being carried somewhere.
She became extremely aware of everything around her. She fought the urge to open her eyes and harm the person who carried her. Living in Sherwood had certainly changed her.
Instead, she listened intently to the sound of the soldier's boots on a stone floor. She heard the sounds of people speaking and others snoring. 
"Marlene," The person carrying Harlow called a name. His voice was quiet and familiar: the man who had rushed to her aid.
"Oh, Parker!" An older woman exclaimed, her voice coming closer with every phoneme. "What's happened?"
"Outlaws," Parker said. Harlow noted the total distaste in his voice. "They must have raided her cart and chased after her. It looks like she's been running all night."
Sounds like a good story. Thank you, Parker.
"Oh, dear," The woman's voice moved further away. Then she heard the creak of the door.
Harlow felt her body in motion; the horseman had started moving. She felt the hardness of wood underneath her as the man, Parker, placed her gently on a table.
"Is she conscious?" Marlene asked, rummaging around in the room.
"I believe she's asleep." Parker told her, sighing. "I thought you should have a look at her."
Marlene found whatever she'd been looking for and took a sigh of relief. "Yes, I will have a look," she said. "but she looks fine, only a little bruised and up."
"Okay," Parker's voice seemed concerned. Distant, would have been Harlow's description. "I'll come back when I've met with the king as to what we're to do with her."
"Okay, Commander. Come back soon." Marlene said with what sounded like a smile.
Harlow heard the door open and close. Parker had left. She kept still, trying to keep her breathing even. Eventually, she'd decided it was enough. She fidgeted slightly, taking in a drowsy breath of air.
Slowly, she propped herself up on her aching arms. She immediately noticed the cuts on her arms and body. She was still in the dress she'd put on that morning.
She wasn't too shocked by the amount of pain she felt, but decided that it was best to over-exaggerate. She gasped at the sight of her arms and started to tremble in the most feminine manner she could come up with.
"Well, hello there." Marlene said, a ball of yarn sitting in her lap and a hook hanging between her fingers.
Harlow looked up but said nothing. After looking herself over again, she made her eyes wide and looked around the room. "Where am I?"
What she didn't expect was her voice to be so hoarse.
Marlene knitted her eyebrows together and shifted the yarn off her lap. She moved to a chair closer to Harlow. "Oh, dear. How much do you remember?"
Harlow shook her head a little bit. She'd decided to go with the story Parker had unknowingly suggested. "I've spent all night running from the Outlaws. They raided my fathers caravan."
Marlene nodded, "Do you know where your father is now?" She moved to the front of the table that Harlow sat on.
Harlow's eyes looked away, feigning discomfort. "He was killed trying to protect me." It was a lie, and she felt wrong about lying to her, but Harlow saw no other option.
"Oh," Marlene said, the sympathy in Marlene's eyes was excruciating. "I'm sorry for your loss." Marlene let silence fall between the two as Harlow tried to act nervous and scared. She found it easy to be nervous. "Do you have anyone else to go to?"
Harlow silently shook her head.
Marlene nodded and turned her attention to the yarn that sat in a chair in the corner. "Well, I'm sure you'll like it here."
Harlow looked up, letting her eyes fall on Marlene. Marlene was older but not elderly. Her black hair had been covered in gray strands with some age. Marlene seemed happy, although she lived in this dark, cold castle. Her smile and laugh wrinkles were a testament to her life.
Harlow started to let her eyes wander over the room, examining every object she could see. She wondered if Marlene had seen Enders, if she'd examined him. Had he laid on this very table?
There wasn't much in there, so she laid back down and let herself feel the pulsating of her limbs as her muscles ached.
She closed her eyes as she laid there, waiting for any sign of what was supposed to be happening next. Instead of talking and breaking the silence in the room, Harlow remained silent. She wondered what she was going to be doing and where she would be going. She let her mind wander, almost falling asleep in the process, before a small knock-knock was heard at the door.
“Come in!” Marlene shouted. She had moved back to her previous chair,  the yarn and hook in her lap.
Harlow sat up, looking at the door. The wood was chipped, and not well maintained, but it still worked the way it was supposed to so Harlow didn't see it as a problem.
The door opened with a creak, revealing a young man, maybe only a year or two older than Harlow. His hair was a dirty blond color, hanging just above his brown eyes. He was muscular and wore soldier's chain-mail, which looked anything but unattractive. He was handsome, but his expression was strained and he looked unhappy.
“Hello, Marlene.” He said, looking to Marlene as he closed the door behind him. He looked to Harlow as she sat propping herself up on her elbows. “Hello.”
Harlow nodded in response. “Hello.”
“How are you?” He asked her, standing still and tense by the door.
"Fine," Harlow answered, nodding her head and offering a small smile. "I cannot thank you enough for your bravery in saving me," Harlow feigned happiness and forced herself to sit up straighter.
"No need to thank me," Parker smiled back to her, bowing his head slightly. He attempted to look modest, but his pride was shadowed behind his eyes. 
Ah, well. I've seen more boorish men in Sherwood. Harlow thought. 
"It is my duty to make sure civilians are safe in Sherwood." Parker smiled a small smile and let the conversation die there.
Harlow gave a last smile before turning her eyes away. It was weird for her, to hear everyones thoughts on the place she'd come to love, along with the people she'd come to love. 
Was Sherwood really that bad?
"Well, I think it's time we show Ms. Harlow to her room, right, Parker?" Marlene spoke up.
Parker nodded. "Yes, The king is otherwise disposed and has instructed me to allow you residence in the Castle-Hands quarters." His smile didn't go unnoticed by Harlow. She refused to acknowledge it.
"I'm staying here?" Harlow asked, playing ignorance. Her heart fluttered in her chest, but she had to bury it under a pretense of surprise.
Parker turned his eyes, suppressing a scrutinizing gaze. "Aye," He tried not to smile. "King Wesley has decreed you a necessary help."
Harlow nodded, wondering how many people had been trapped living as a castle-hand.
Harlow slid off the edge of the table and planted her feet on the floor. She wobbled back and forth for a moment before she felt stable enough to walk. She brushed off her bottom and the front of her dress and looked up at Parker, who kept his eyes oddly on her.
“Ready?” He asked, as if he'd been lost in thought. His short, dirty blond hair swung attractively just above his eyes, and Harlow couldn't really ignore it. She snapped her eyes to the door.
Parker opened the door and waited for her to exit before closing it behind himself. His armor clinked together as the two walked slowly down the corridors, Parker leading Harlow by a few inches.
Large, maroon curtains sat from the high ceiling and cascaded down to the floor in a water-fall type position. Harlow raised an eyebrow at the darkness. The light that kept the hallways bright came only from torches that had been lit aflame on every wall. They hung one every four or five feet. It wasn't to bright but it was enough to see what you were doing.
The further they moved into the castle, the darker it became, the less torches lined the walls, the more despairing it seemed. Harlow felt almost mortified by the idea of being stuck behind these curtains. She wondered when she would see the sun next.
“Parker,” Harlow said, grabbing his attention and making him tilt his head to look at her. “Why are there these curtains? Is no one allowed outside?”
Parker was silent for a moment. He took in a deep breath and used the authoritative voice he had to speak. “These curtains are for our protection against outlaws and thieves. As you may know, the outlaws of Sherwood are our biggest threat and these curtains are designed to make them unaware of what we are doing. You understand how cruel Robin and his men are. It's something we have to do to survive.”
Harlow let her jaw drop silently. This was all wrong. This wasn't how things really were, right? Harlow found herself doubting everything she knew for only a moment. She knew this was what the king had done, what he had built. King Wesley ruled with an iron fist and reigned through fear. It sickened Harlow to the depths of her stomach.
Parker led her around a corner and toward a room at the end of the hall. “These are the sleeping quarters. You'll be staying here.”
Harlow noted that there was no more to add. She nodded and looked to the set of double-doors. It was large and almost worn out. One hinge was broken toward the middle. She turned to the set of doors and laid her hand on the handle for a second before pushing them open. She took a look around seeing it almost abandoned.
Parker raised an eyebrow. “Everybody must be working around the castle. The Autumn Feast is almost upon us.”
Harlow simply nodded again. She couldn't care enough to ask what the Autumn Feast was.
“You should rest now. Your bed will be marked at the very far of the room. You will start in the kitchen tomorrow morning,” Parker said, eying her. He offered a smile after a moment. “Good night, Ms. Harlow.” Parker bowed his head and turned away from her, heading back the way they'd come. She had no idea where the Kitchen was, so she'd have to ask someone in the morning.
She walked into the boring room that held only dingy beds and shabby nightstands. The gray walls smiled despicably down on her with every step she took. Flaming torches hung from the walls, letting the light penetrate, but not enough. The room shook her from the inside out and depressed her. She felt like maybe she'd lost her fight as the door slid shut behind her and she stood in the dimly lit room.
It was in a daze that Harlow walked to her assigned bed and collapsed on it. She was exhausted and her eyes dragged. Her mind ran with thoughts of Sherwood and Enders. 
She was asleep again before she could re-think her decision to come to the castle.

*~*~*

There was a window. It was a large arched frame of stone that sat at the end of a hall and cut to the right in a strange dead end. At the dead end was a wooden bench that sat positioned toward the arched window.
It would have been perfect.
Harlow sat cross-legged on the bench on her third day as a kitchen servant. She had tried to fall asleep two hours ago, but found herself wide awake and unable to sleep. She'd found the small nook by accident, when she'd been trying to bring food to Marlene. Since that time yesterday, she'd determined that it was the perfect place for alone time.
She stared ahead, the only light coming from the torches that lined the walls at her right. It was darker than normal, she noted, looking at the maroon curtain that hung over the stone archway. She took in all the detail, noticing that this would have been the perfect spot to see the moon.
She heard someone walking down the hallway, but made no attempt to move. She was tired, and of course, no one really knew this dead end was here.
The footsteps got louder, but she assumed that they would fade into the sleeping quarters. Instead, they headed straight toward her, in a tired, dazed way.
Her heart raced in her chest.
It was too late to move.
She turned her head when a body turned the corner and stopped in surprise upon seeing her sitting form.
Harlow raised an eyebrow. She wasn't in much a mood to talk, but when she saw the dirty blond hair and the under armor of a soldier, she immediately felt the need to guess who it was. “Commander Parker?”
The man tilted his head, a small smile on his lips. He nodded. “Simply Parker, is fine.” He took a few steps toward her, his body aching for a seat on the bench next to her. She uncrossed her legs, noting that the position wasn't very lady-like in her dress, and moved over so he could have a seat.
Every time she saw him around the castle, she made it a point to say hello. He was a Commander after all, one of only four in the entire Royal army. He could prove to be an important asset in her quest to set Enders free. 
But, on the same hand, every time she saw him, she felt an ache in her chest. She'd been a Commander, too. A Commander of a small unit of Sherwood Outlaws. 
They were complete opposites, sitting together on this bench.
He looked down at his hands in his lap. After a moment, he titled his head upward and looked at her with a smile on his lips. “I see you've already found the most quiet place in the castle.”
Harlow nodded, taking a glance at him. “Yes. It's better than the sleeping commons.”
Parker nodded. “Indeed it is.”
Silence fell between the two as they sat there.
Harlow noticed Parker wore a tight white shirt, the sleeves running down to his wrists and the brim tucked neatly into his armored pants. She found him attractive, but it was nothing compared to how she'd seen Enders.
After a moment of looking him over in her peripheral vision, Harlow turned to him. “Why are you up so late?”
Parker took in a deep breath and smiled again at her. “I could ask you the same question.”
Harlow nodded as silence returned again. Before she turned her eyes away from him, she noticed the thick bags under his eyes and the wrinkles on his skin. He was too young for all the burdens he carried on his shoulders. But, Harlow understood. She'd been a Commander, too. She'd seen things that kept her awake at night. She'd witnessed things she wished she could unsee. Harlow could only imagine how bad it was for Parker.
Silence reigned awkwardly for a few minutes. Unable to stand it any longer, Harlow sighed. “Where I come from, there's this lake, with this beautiful pier that stretches out over the water. I spent all my time sitting there and staring over the horizon. It was one of my many joys in life. Now, I find that even that is something I cannot have.”
Parker was watching her, his eyes looking over her face and hair. “That sounds lovely. I wish we had such luxury.”
Harlow nodded. “As do I.” She sighed and looked around the small nook. “I find this to be the best place for solitude.”
“Maybe solitude isn't exactly the best thing sometimes.” Parker suggested, He looked charismatically at her. He had one eyebrow raised and a smile on his lips.
She couldn't help but return the smile. “Indeed. Sometimes it isn't.”
Silence didn't come between them for the rest of their conversation, and for the first time since she'd gotten there, she actually felt like someone kind of understood her.
She stood up about two hours into their conversation and yawned. She raised her hands over her head and stretched. “I should be going to the sleeping quarters now.”
Parker nodded, standing up as she did. “As should I.” He turned to her. “It was quite nice speaking with you, Miss Harlow. I hope we can speak again soon.”
Harlow nodded. She felt taken aback by his kindness. “Goodnight, Commander Parker.”
He smiled. “Goodnight, Miss Harlow.” He turned around and headed down the hallway, turning left around the corner.
Harlow tried to shake off the strange feeling she had in her stomach, and headed down the hall, turning to the double doors on her right, and entering the sleeping commons.

*~*~*

Harlow felt her dress swing around her ankles as she walked the dark, dim corridors of the castle. 
She noticed that the curtains had been pulled shut in an attempt to forbid the light from coming into the mansion.
Taking in a deep, reluctant sigh, she tore her eyes from the curtains and faced the stairwell in front of her. It spiraled down into the Kitchen, leaving her with thoughts of a long time past.
How many times had her father walked these corridors during his service to the king? How many times had her mother visited him in this very Kitchen?
Now, she was in the very place her father had tried so hard to take her from.
She stepped onto the stairs, hearing the tap-tap of her shoes on the cold floor beneath her feet.
She entered the kitchen that morning, ready to do whatever work they were to hand her.
It had been six weeks since she'd entered the castle. Her eyes felt dark and tired. This wasn't the plan. This wasn't how this was supposed to happen.
And the Outlaws hadn't come yet.
She entered the Kitchen, the darkness plaguing her to her very core. She felt as if she was dying, the castle sucking the life out of her a little more with each passing day.
She yearned so much to see the sun.
She raised one hand to her head and rubbed her forehead. What had this place done to her? The reason she was here had gotten lost in the scuffle. Sometimes, she'd hear some of the Castle-Hands whispering to each other about the captured outlaw. Never had she heard them whisper where he was being held.
By her third week in the castle, she'd started to lose hope of finding him in this maze of brick and secrecy.
Three weeks after that point, she couldn't focus anymore. She felt like she was placed under a spell, where fatigue and darkness followed her everywhere she went.
“Harlow,” The cook beamed delightfully as she entered the room. “How are you this morning?”
The man bounced around the room, his over-sized stomach jiggling with him as he moved from one plate to another. He dropped chicken onto one plate while lifting one hand unhygienic-like to his hair and brushing away the dandruff from his eyes.
Harlow nodded, suppressing her disgust, “Good, Sir Lyle. How are you?”
He nodded back to her, his hands rushing to move and fix up certain items. He seemed to never stop moving. “Good, aye. We're busy this evening, dear,” the older man said to her, a smile on his lips. “It's good to be preparing a feast again!” He beamed, kneading out dough. “It's been too long since the king has had a gathering.”
Harlow nodded, trying not to show her disdain at the mention of King Wesley. It was small moments like these that made her want to keep fighting, but the daunting effect of the castle kept her down, as if pushing underwater and drowning her in the darkness.
“What is it you need of me, then?” Harlow asked, trying to place a small smile on her face. 
The cook looked around happily, an almost puzzled look crossing his features. Harlow wondered if her father had ever been this happy to prepare the king's feasts.
“I'll actually have to ask you to bring one of the prisoners their food, if you will. Usually I ask Marlene, but she's fallen sick, as you know.”	
“Yes, indeed. Where is this prisoner's quarters?” Harlow asked, stepping forward, a cart of small leftovers sitting on separate plates, in the corner of the kitchen.
“This one is being held in the basement area. Head down the stairs and speak with the guard on-duty in that area.” The cook told her, looking back and forth between her and the dough he was kneading in his hands.
“Alright,” Harlow agreed, taking one of the plates from the cart. She'd looked at some of the other plates, noticing that the serving sizes were small and barely enough to get by. She tried to pick the plate with the most food and the biggest bread rolls. “I will be back shortly.”
“Thank you, Harlow.” The cook called after her, going on his own merry way with the food.
She nodded and offered a quiet “Mhm,” although, she was certain he couldn't hear.
The corridors were dark and grimy. They were always dark and grimy. It made Harlow's skin crawl, and it seemed that the closer she came to the basement area, the more uncomfortable the environment became.
The mold on the walls seemed to move and pulsate as she took her first step down the staircase.
She wondered how anyone could live like this.
The corridor was only illuminated by torches and fire that clung to the walls and seemed to climb with each step she took.
She reached the bottom of the spiraling corridor and stepped onto the pale concrete ground. As she turned her eyes up, she noticed that the corners of the broad room were dark, and for several seconds all was quiet while Harlow's eyes scanned the darkness.
On her right side sat a table, scrolls sprawled out across the surface and a man, hidden by the darkness sat slumped over the scrolls, writing fervently.
Harlow took a step forward, putting distance between herself and the brown stained walls behind her. 
“Excuse me,” Harlow said, looking at the man, a plate held gently in her hands.
The man looked up from the table, shocked by her. “Oh hello!” He said, pushing aside the scrolls and standing up from his chair on the other side of the table. “How can I assist you, my lady?”
Harlow smiled at the man's kindness. “I have food for one of the prisoners held here.”
The man raised an eyebrow, nodded and looked down at the papers on his table. He raised one hand and rubbed his scruffy beard “Ah, for the outlaw, yes. Thank you.”
Harlow's heart skipped a beat before accelerating to an unprecedented speed. Everything seemed to come alive at the word. “The outlaw?”
“Yes. His food has not come yet.” The man said, looking back to Harlow with a smile. “I'll take the food to him. Just place it right here.” He pointed to an empty space on the edge of his desk.
Harlow shook her head. “No,” Her response seemed to quick, causing the man to recoil gently. “I mean,” She paused, looking down sadly, trying to keep up with her lies. “The outlaws killed my father. I'd like to ask him why they chose to take him from me, if that's okay.”
The man across from her let his eyebrows fall in understanding. “Oh,” he said gently, “I see. I'm sorry for you loss, my lady.”
Harlow nodded and turned her head to the left, still facing the ground. “I want to know why he did it.”
The man nodded and turned his head to the door. He twisted his face in  hesitation. His internal struggle plagued him, but in the end he sighed. “I'll let you go to his cell, but you cannot go inside of it. You may speak with him through the barred door. Understand?”
Harlow's eyes lit up, but she held back the expression. “Yes, kind sir.”
The man nodded and walked toward the door leading to the prisoner cells. Harlow followed the man across the chamber and toward the door. She saw between the bars of the window on the door, a corridor leading down a dark pathway, illuminated by torches every few feet, and cell doors lining the left and right sides.
This was no way to live, and now for the first time, Harlow's rescue effort was progressing. She knew where he was being held. She knew how to get him out of this horrendous place.
“His cell is the third on this side,” the man said, pointing to Harlow's left side. “Don't get to close to him.”
Harlow nodded, taking a last glance at the man before he opened the door and let her in. The man gently closed the door behind her, which gave her a slightly morbid, lonesome feeling.
She looked back, waiting for him to turn around and go back to his table, which he did after taking one more concerned look toward her.
Harlow slowly and quietly walked forward, one step at a time, her heart pounding so hard it made the plate in her hands tremble.
The cells were dark and quiet. A renegade cough and a rogue laugh would sound out in the echoic halls, but otherwise the dark seemed impervious to any sound.
The tap-tap of Harlow's shoes on the solid floor resonated through the building and into her chest. She kept a safe distance from the walls, knowing that beyond the darkness lay mold and dew on the brick foundation.
She came across the first and second cells without any problems, not daring to look inside the cells for fear of what she may see.
Her heart thumped harder with every passing second.
Enders' image came into her mind. She remembered his smile and his laugh. She remembered how he'd saved her life. Not once, She thought, a shaky smile plaguing her lips, Twice.
She stepped a bit closer to the cell, but still not within viewing distance. She felt the heat from a torch lighting up the wall next to her. With a trembling hand, she reached out and took the torch's handle in her palm.
She took in a sharp breath and stepped in front of the cells' bars.
She didn't know what Enders would say. She didn't know if he'd be angry or happy to see her. Frankly, she didn't care. All she wanted was to see his face again. She wanted to get him out of this castle and set him free.
She stared into the darkness of the cell for a moment, unable to see anything. She cleared her throat, quietly.
“Your food, Outlaw.”


Chapter Twenty-two

As soon as the words left her mouth, there was a moment of complete silence, before a quiet scuffling could be heard. In the small amount of light, Harlow could see the small movements and shades of gray that resided in the cell.
Slowly, a figure started to come closer in the warm lighting. First she saw his feet, but soon after, his torso had made itself apparent to her.
Harlow let her jaw drop. This wasn't as she had expected. Enders' clothing hung off his body as he stepped forward, stumbling slightly. He'd easily lost twenty pounds within the last month and a half. He'd kept most of his muscle, she noticed, when his arms came into her view. Otherwise, he was thin and sickly.
He was underfed.
He was dying.
Harlow watched with her jaw slack as Enders' face stepped into the light.
His cheekbones were much more apparent than she'd last remembered. The bags under his eyes were heavy, and it'd been so long since he'd seen the light that he held up a hand to shield his eyes from the torch's flames.
The two didn't say anything for a few moments. Enders let his jaw fall as well, but his eyes looked more dazed and confused than anything else. He eyed the food in her hands hungrily.	
Without a word she slipped the tray to him as fast as she could, through a small opening at the bottom of the cell door.
He immediately dropped to the floor and piled the food into his mouth when it was within reach.
Harlow in turn, dropped to the floor, her body trembling at the sight of him. She sat as he ate his food for minutes, Enders focusing on the food and Harlow focusing on Enders.
Silently, he glanced up at her, an old expression there; an expression in his eyes that she'd last seen weeks ago when he'd been irritated with her behavior. “Why?”
Harlow lifted her eyes to his own, covering her mouth with one hand. “Why what?” Her voice was shaking and her hand was doing no justice in concealing her terror.
Enders kept his eyes on her, trying to look as menacing as he could.
The very sight of his cheekbones through his skin made her cringe. She looked away sadly.
“I did this for you.” It wasn't a bitter statement, but it certainly answered his question. 
Enders dropped his eyes, and even though she thought he'd yell at her, he seemed more relieved than anything else.
Harlow shrugged. She wanted to reach out and touch him. “I couldn't let you die here.”
Enders nodded and continued to eat his food in the silence that filled the air.
Harlow looked at the torch in her hands and stared at the doorway. The scribe on the other side hadn't said anything to her yet, but she knew he would become suspicious soon. “I must go.”
Just before she moved, she felt the warmth on his hand on hers.
She looked at him, taking in a deep, trembling breath.
“Please,” He whispered. “Come back.”
Harlow nodded. “I'll bring you more food.”
Harlow stood and composed herself slightly before putting the torch back on it's holder and striding out of the corridor, and through the door. She walked up to the scribe. “Thank you for letting me see this outlaw. He gave me only few answers. If you don't mind, may I ask him more about my father tomorrow?”
The scribe looked uneasy. He sighed. “Only if you're quick about it.”
Harlow nodded. “Right. Thank you, kind scribe.” The man smiled at the compliment.
Harlow smiled back, tiredly glancing down before striding out of the chamber and up the staircase.
How could they do this?  Her thoughts rang out in her head, causing a full panic in her chest. Anger started to build in her and spread throughout her limbs. 
He's dying. She thought. Sadness and frustration were about to explode from her.
As she walked back to the kitchen, she vowed that she'd save him, get him out, and take him back to Sherwood.

*~*~*

Harlow walked through the castle, frustration still echoing in her heart throughout the day as she ran errands and delivered supplies.
She held a sheet in her hands, making folds and creases as she glared into space.
“Harlow!” She heard her name ring out in the corridors.
She turned her head to the right, where the voice came from. Parker walked toward her, leaving his fellow soldiers and coming closer. He wore his normal armored pants and his tight white, long-sleeved shirt. His hair was slick with sweat. His army had just come back from a mission in town.
She felt the smallest bit of envy when she saw the streaks of a red sun-burn on his face. She hadn't seen the sun in weeks.
Harlow forced a smile onto her face. “Commander Parker,” She greeted, glancing up to his face for only a moment before looking back down to the sheets in her hands.
Parker wore his usual friendly, enthusiastic smile. His charismatic eyes landed on hers, and for a moment she felt her head clear, but Enders' face came back almost immediately. "How are you this evening?"
Harlow had to fight to keep a smile on her face. "Fine. How are you, Commander?"
Parker nodded, a smile sitting on his lips. "Very well. We're back from that scouting mission I told you about. It went well.”
Harlow smiled at him for a moment, taking all the laundry in her arms and heading down the hall, Parker following next to her. He'd told her about the missions he had and what they pertained to. She'd acquired at least that much of his trust. It was too valuable to give up, she knew. 
"I'm glad you're back safely." She said quietly, not in the mood much to speak.
“Aye. Myself as well.” He smiled, following her as she stopped and opened a pantry, placing several sheets and linens on the shelves. He was silent for a moment, his eyes just watching as Harlow organized linens.
Harlow turned her eyes on him. “Is something wrong?”
Parker shrugged. “No, it's just,” He paused. “I've been given permission to leave military duty. King Wesley has seen my work and offered to let me free of the royal army."
Harlow raised an eyebrow, trying to push Enders to the back of her mind temporarily. She needed to focus on Parker for the moment. Harlow turned her head to him, stunned. "What? How? I've never heard of someone being relieved of military duty, especially someone of your rank."
Parker tilted his head and turned his eyes downward for a moment. “I told him my intentions to have my own family and raise my own children. He's given me permission to become a civilian and have all those things I so desire.” 
Before Harlow could fix her own thoughts, she was struck frozen by him. His hair swung at his eyes as he towered over her. She realized he was a little too close for her comfort, but even if her feet would move, she had no where else to go.
He looked at her with smooth, anxious eyes. "You deserve more than this castle for your life. You deserve a family and children, too."
Harlow felt her heart stop for a moment. She knew what he was doing, and she didn't like it. Not one bit.
"You deserve what every other woman can have. I can give you everything you've ever wanted. I want to give you everything you've ever wanted." He paused. His eyes bore into her in a way she'd never witnessed before. It made her chest flush with panic and her heart flutter in anxiety.
Harlow had let her jaw drop. She stared at him with complete shock and horror. The horror he'd misinterpreted to be happiness somehow. 
"I'd like to arrange our marriage." Parker said, a smile displaying itself proudly on his lips. He was confident and enthusiastic, his smile never faltering and his confidence never fading. 
Harlow knew he was attractive, and he was husband material. He was a commander of the royal army, and he had barely any faults. He was calm, cool, collected, happy, well-mannered, fit, and caring. Harlow had so many thoughts rushing through her mind, she couldn't sort the good from the bad. She knew if it hadn't been for Enders, she may have even genuinely agreed, and it was that very thought that scared her the most.
Harlow stayed silent for a moment before looking back down to the laundry in her hands. It felt as if the gates to her memories had been opened and images flooded into her brain. Enders face and his laugh, the way he said her name all came rushing into her mind and refused to let her go from its grip.
She felt the fabric in her hands, replaying several moments she'd shared with Enders in her mind. She felt herself come back to reality as she stood there. 
Harlow couldn't say no. Parker was the most suitable man in the castle. He was young and handsome, and every girl in the castle aspired to be with someone like him. It would be suspicious if she had said no to his proposal. She felt hopeless. She had no choice.
She turned her eyes up to him and forced a huge smile on her face. It made her sick to her stomach. 
"I'd like that." The second the words left her mouth, she felt the wave of guilt wash over her. Enders immediately came into her mind. Every memory she'd shared with him made her cringe.
Parker's smile grew as Harlow had to force hers to stay put on her face. He didn't seem to notice her discomfort. “I'll start preparations immediately.” He beamed, happily.
Things seemed to be happening in a blur for her.
“We will speak soon,” Parker said, taking backward steps away from her and beaming proudly. “Have a good evening, Harlow.”
Harlow nodded, searing guilt covering her body.
Parker turned away from her, offering one last grin before he did so. Harlow couldn't find it in her anymore to smile.
The pain in her heart made the edges of her lips fall.
Tears started to well up in her eyes.
It was then that she realized time was running out.

*~*~*

I could sneak him out through the gardens. Harlow thought, turning down corridors, the sound of her feet matching the beating of her heart. She carried rags and towels toward the kitchen area, her disdain for the castle's gray walls growing more with every step.
It had been damn near a week since she'd seen Enders, and she couldn't find an excuse to see him again. She was running through strategies, but every single one ended up with him dead.
“Harlow, dear!” The cook immediately exclaimed, kneading his dough, his cheeks rosy red with excitement.
“Hello, sir cook,” Harlow greeted, offering a small, fake smile before placing the rags down on the counter and looking up at him.
She patted and fixed her dress before placing her hands on her hips. She raised an eyebrow upon seeing a giddy, excited Cook before her. “Another feast, is there?”
“Aye, my girl, the Autumn Feast!” He said happily. His smile fell only slightly as he glanced at the cart in the corner of the kitchen. “I hate to ask, dear, but can you deliver a plate to the prisoner downstairs?”
Harlow felt her smile falter and her heart beat faster. She felt her hands grow numb and excited. She nodded, trying to compose herself as she stepped toward the cart.
“I can indeed,” Harlow said, a genuine, small smile on her lips.
She felt her heart start to beat with excitement.
“Thank you, dear,” The cook said, paying attention to the dough in front of him.
Harlow nodded, silently taking the plate from the cart. She looked up to the cook and noticed his back turned to her. She quickly swiped three extra bread rolls, shoving them into her roomy pockets and rushing out of the kitchen. She picked up her pace, excitedly, reaching the stairs to the basement area, and prisoner's quarters, in what felt like an eternity.
She took the stairs two at a time, making her way to the bottom in record timing.
The dark walls and dim lighting made her take a moment to adjust her eyes before she could see the scribe from her previous encounter in the dark room.
“Get over here, outlaw!” A demanding voice rang out in the darkness. Harlow immediately turned her eyes toward the hallway leading to Enders' cell. She noticed the open door, and the unnatural torch light seeping from the corridor.
“Bind his hands. Hurry up.” The other voice rang out, taking Harlow by surprise.
Her heart sank into the very depths of her soul. 
Parker?
She saw, as if in slow motion, Parker and another soldier she barely recognized, emerge from the corridor, holding Enders, hands bound behind his back.
Harlow felt her jaw drop. “Parker?”
Parker's eyes shot up to look at her. Was it sorrow she saw resonating in his pupils? “Harlow, dear, what are you doing in this place?”
Harlow shook her head, incredulously at first. “Delivering a meal. What's going on?”
Parker exhaled and looked over her silently. He offered a smile. “Nothing to worry yourself with, dearest.”
Harlow, until that moment, avoided Enders eyes. They were defeated, his lip bleeding at one end, his head dangling low, hair hanging over his eyes. Her heart ached at how handsome he'd been and how badly he was treated.
It made Harlow's eyes sting with anger and pain. She felt her stomach churn and her eyes burn with a rage reserved only for Robin Hood.
“Dearest?” Enders croaked out, his voice gruff and tired. “What a pretty girl you have there, Commander.”
The anger in Parker's eyes intensified with anger, but before he could say anything Harlow jumped into the conversation.
“Where are you taking him?” Harlow asked, a little too quickly.
Parker raised an eyebrow at her. “King Wesley wishes to see him at the feast, to enjoy in the capture of an outlaw.” Parker's voice kept quiet and absolute as he spoke. “Do not concern yourself with this man, my dear.”
Harlow kept quiet for only a moment. “I would, Parker; But, he hasn't eaten yet, and in order to be good entertainment for the king, he must be well fed and in exemplary condition.”
Parker nodded, standing silently. “I see.” He paused, looking at Enders on his left, then turning to Harlow again. “Will it please you to see him eat?”
Harlow was about to answer, but held her tongue. “It would please me to do as I've been instructed. The cook is in charge of keeping this man alive and healthy. If this man runs into any health problems, the cook with be blamed, and thus I will be at fault. Let me not be responsible for the death and undernourishment of this man.”
Parker's eyes softened and looked to the man on the other side of Enders. They exchanged words in a silent conversation.
Parker nodded. “I will have him eat.”
Harlow smiled a small, grateful smile, as Parker stepped forward and took the tray from her hands, feeling the gentle touch of her skin as he did so.
He offered a smile as he turned away from her and lead Enders and his fellow soldier back down the corridor. Before Parker completely disappeared, taking Enders with him and away from her, he turned back and offered one more smile. “Now, go back to the cook, and not worry yourself with matters of these prisoners.”
Harlow nodded. She felt her teeth grind together in distress and disdain. Anger grew from her stomach and spread to her chest. She felt her cheeks burn red, but it couldn't be noticed in the room's dark lighting.
“As you say, dearest.”
It was the most malicious and sarcastic tone she'd ever mustered in her life.
Harlow turned as Parker entered the dark corridor, and ran up the stairs, and out of Enders' prison behind her.

*~*~*

Harlow marched out of the staircase and walked the darkened and dimmed halls toward her living quarters.
It was a crowded room, with the same gray walls as the rest of the castle. It was only tidy due to the cleanly nature of her fellow maids and servants. She noticed the floor was sparkled shade of marble and the walls had been rid of their occasional mold.
She paid no mind to the cleanliness and crossed the quarters quickly, finding the room completely abandoned. She closed the door quietly behind her and strode across the room to the thick, red curtains, hanging loosely from the wall.
With every step she took, she felt the rumble of music below her feet; she felt the sound of chatter and voices reach into her soul from the floor below. It made her skin crawl to think that Enders was down there, being taunted before King Wesley.
She took hold of the thick curtains and examined the dark color in her fingers. The fabric was a symbol of oppression to her, something she hated more than she could describe.
Harlow, the outlaw's victim, was in a good place. She was going to marry a prestigious, young, and wealthy military commander.
But, Harlow, the outlaw, was dying inside.
It had been too long that she'd started leading this double life. It had been too long since she felt the warmth of the sun on her skin. It had been over a month since she'd seen natural light, and it had started to drive her insane.
The more she thought about the situation she was in, the more her anger built up inside of her. She felt her body tremble at the injustice of the situation. She felt her cheeks burn red with rage, and in one cascading moment of total bliss, she threw open the curtains of the window and immediately felt the warmth she so longed for.
The first few moments that the curtains were opened, she stood in front of the window, enjoying the sunlight touch her skin, her eyes closed and her body soaking in all the vitamins she could.
Only a few seconds passed before Harlow opened her eyes to look out over the horizon, seeing the most serene and peaceful thing she'd ever witnessed. The hills and rising mountain ridge made her wonder how she ever made it this long without seeing the nature she so longed for. She had to squint, but that didn't take away any of the natural beauty she saw.
It took her only a moment to see a small, moving body in the trees off to her far right, just a few yards in front of the kitchen entrance to the castle. At first, she thought it might be one of the kings soldiers, but just as the thought came, it was gone. She spotted the greenery and the leather armor of the men.
It was then that the men spotted her as well, mistaking her for a moment for one of the servants. But, then the men stepped back into view.
Then there were more.
And more. 
They lined the ridge near the kitchen's plateau.
Her heart rang out with one word: Outlaws.
Several men stood on the bank, staring out to her, raising their palms to her, almost saluting her, to show her that they recognized her.
Harlow let her jaw drop, let her stomach clench in excitement and exhaustion. She felt absolute joy in seeing the men there.
She raised her hand above her head and rested her trembling hand on the glass window that sat before her. She sat her other hand over her mouth and felt herself shake in relief.
It was then, as tears almost came over the brim of her eyes, that she realized this was it. 
This was the rescue attempt she so longed for.

*~*~*

Harlow strode toward the kitchen area, where she was supposed to be on duty. She was almost skipping as she hurried to her place. She didn't know what she was going to do, but she knew that she had to do something.
She had to get Enders out to the outlaws somehow.
“Where have you been?!” The cook exclaimed, marching toward her and shoving food into her hands. “Take these out to the tables for the guests!”
Harlow nodded, taking the plates and disappearing back through the door.
She walked into the ballroom, King Wesley sitting high on his throne at the end of the room, the guests dancing and chatting with each other. The women flirted and batted their eyes while the men bowed low and took hands to dance. The room was illuminated only by torches that hung high and low all over the walls. The normally gray walls were decorated with large maroon and black curtains, which felt eerie and terrifying.
The room was warm only because of the amount of torches hanging on the walls, illuminating everything from the faces of guests to the ceiling up high.
She scanned the room quickly. This time, through the moving and dancing bodies, she saw Enders, beaten and bleeding. He was dirty, wearing his same clothing he wore the evening of his capture. His clothing was torn in several places, although it held onto him just fine, albeit loosely.
He lost several pounds and would have looked sickly if not for his muscular physique. It wasn't anything that some good nutrition couldn't fix. She saw his head bowed down, his hands chained to a pillar on his right side.
Although he was tired, he was forced to stand, while two guards stood on his sides and the king sat close by.
Harlow turned away from the sight, unable to handle the rage building in the pit of her stomach. She knitted her eyebrows together and half-staggered, half-walked to the feast table and slammed the food down before moving out of the ballroom and into the kitchen again. She watched in a daze as the cook moved swiftly around the room.
“Oh Harlow, dear, take more plates to the guest tables.” The cook sent her back and forth three times.
The forth time the cook asked her to deliver food, Harlow wanted to roll her eyes. She took the plates from the counter top and walked back into the ballroom she didn't want to be in.
She'd taken four steps into the ballroom before the first scream rang out in the dim lighting.
Harlow immediately dropped the plates, turning around and scanning the area behind her. 
The archway was dark and dim. The lighting was excellent in the ballroom, but not as excellent as sunlight.
It must have only been five seconds, but as silence filled the room, along with terror and stress, one word rang out in the absolute darkness, that struck fear into all the guests' hearts.
Except Harlow's.
“Outlaws!”
She didn't recognize the voice, but she didn't care. She stared intently into the darkness, seeing the moment that an arrow came whizzing out of the archway and into the ballroom, implanting itself into a pillar near King Wesley's throne.
It was in that second that total chaos ensued.
Harlow turned from the archway in just enough time to see Enders being taken away by two soldiers, being directed by the king himself.
They took him through a stone doorway on the opposite end of the room. Harlow recognized the room as the king's Ballroom Quarters. He was undoubtedly a fan of theatrics and would lie in wait until all his guests had arrived to make his grand appearance from that room. She'd never been in it and had no idea what it looked like, but she knew that's where she had to go and extract Enders from.
Harlow had never seen it before, but she'd heard rumors and stories of the place.
Harlow saw the outlaws emerge from the stone archway, bringing life and color into the ballroom, their green and brown clad bodies illuminated the dead, gray walls.
She listened to the screaming of women, although no women were touched.
She witnessed the men battling with rushing soldiers and armor clad men enlisted in King Wesley's army. She, oddly, had the faintest worry about Parker, hoping he'd survive the surprise attack.
She immediately pushed the thought away, searching the faces of the outlaws.
Leading the men was Reggie, who was yelling orders and taking the front lines with brute force. She smiled at him, although he didn't see her. She felt proud that he'd come so far.
His wife will be proud.
She started taking steps backward, toward the direction the men had taken Enders.
It was then that her father rushed in behind Reggie.
He broke through the front line men, yelling out orders and fighting royal soldiers. “Check every inch of this place while we can!” He raised he sword and hit a soldier in his gut, pushing him back and forcing him down. He raised his sword high and plummeted the metal through the man's chest, blood coming up like a fountain of red water.
Harlow stared in horror as she watched her father kill a man. She was certain he'd killed many men, but hearing about it and seeing it were two very different experiences.
Harrison McBride pulled his sword back and looked around the room. “Squads four and six,” He bellowed, “search the perimeter as much as you can! Fall back if your lives become threatened!”
Harlow wanted to run to him and cry into his chest like she had when she was a child, but she was frozen.
He was healthier and livelier. She couldn't believe her own eyes for the several seconds she stared. His hair had been gray, but his body was more fit and his voice sounded more absolute. Harlow wondered if maybe outlawry was simply in his blood.
Then, in the midst of moving bodies and raging wars, her father turned and scanned the room, his eyes landing right on hers. She saw his eyes light up and his body start to move toward her. Harlow wanted to hug him, but she couldn't waste her time. Enders could be executed at any moment.
She came back to reality, her face turned serious and she held up her hand to stop him. She took several steps backward, feeling the cold, stone walls behind her. She hadn't realized how close to the wall she was. Harlow turned around and saw the door off to her right.
She turned back to her father, who had downed another man, and stared at him in panic.
Her father's expression grew dark and bitter for a moment before Harlow shook her head gently and said his name: “Enders.” 
To her it was a whisper, but to her father is was a statement. It was a plea. It was as if she was standing in front of him saying, 'Please, let me do this. I need to do this.'
Her father gave a small, unhappy look before turning with his fellow outlaws and continuing on with the waging war.
Harlow turned and looked at the door behind her and turned the handle. She knew it was locked before she felt the unnatural push of the doors knob again.
She looked around the room, searching for anything useful.	
She scanned her eyes around the raging war in front of her. Nothing popped out to her. She turned back to the door and gave it another shove, feeling the intense panic rise in her chest and eat at her.
She pushed all of her body's force against the door and when it didn't give, she backed up and slammed her fist against the door.
She looked up and around, before she had to twist and tilt her head back to the wall before her. She noticed a huge curtain cascading down from a high ledge just before the ceiling. She would bet anything that the curtain lead up to where Enders was being taken to.
She took hold of the curtain and gave it a hard tug. The curtain didn't move, keeping snug where it was hung.
She let go and repositioned her hands on the curtain before pushing herself up and climbing up the strand of fabric.
She heard the sounds of battle happening under her, but refused to look down. Her arms started to get weak and tired from the climb. It was getting harder with every push and pull. With every inch, she felt her arms might give away. It had been too long since she'd trained and now it had come to bite her painfully.
She gritted her teeth together and pushed herself up further. It was only when she was about to reach the top that her hand slipped and she hung from only her left hand, clinging to the red fabric for dear life.
Her eyes scanned the ground and war ensuing below. Her heart throbbed painfully in her chest and her hands started to become clammy. She felt her cheeks go red with panic and horror. It was a very long way down, and the sight made her think about what would happen if she fell.
She gritted her teeth again and thought only of Enders. She forced her body to swing back toward the curtain and forced her hands and arms to keep her going.
It was only about two feet before she climbed over the ledge at the top and fell to the ground on the other side.
She tried not to make any sound, although one 'oof,' came out as she landed on her stomach. She pushed herself up, and dusted her hands off on her dress.
She gawked at the sight before her.
The corridor was lined with large, stone, arched windows on the right side, where sunlight poured into the castle. On the right were doors upon doors, leading to different rooms and secrets that Harlow couldn't imagine.
She took a few cautious steps down the sun-lit corridor, taking a look at everything she could see. The arches that lead to the outside world were intricately detailed with all kinds of designs. Harlow noticed it was well hidden from a side of danger. This side of the castle faced a meadow, where no archers could hide and no harm could come. She took in the sun while she walked through the corridor, trying to listen for anything.
She took step by small, careful step. Five minutes later, three muffled voices came to her ears.
She wasted no time. She took larger, less careful steps until she could hear them better.
The voices got louder and angrier. Sher was getting closer to them, and she prayed that they'd be the people who'd taken Enders.
Her thoughts were confirmed when Harlow took two more cautious steps and heard the voices coming directly from the door on her right side.
She felt her heart go numb for only a moment before she laid herself against the bright, white wall on the left of the door.
She heard the hushed voices of King Wesley and two other men she didn't recognize.
“Kill the boy and be done with it!” One voice rang out through the hallway.
Harlow crept an inch closer, sticking to wall, as the giant windows let the light pour in before her.
She tried not to think about the warmth of the sun and how great it felt to see daylight. Harlow turned her head, trying to keep her thoughts only on Enders and rescuing him from this castle.
Instead of letting herself get distracted, she crept ever closer to the door, listening intently as the sounds of an argument rang out.
“Simon, get him under control.” King Wesley said, nonchalance and annoyance clear in his voice. Harlow could almost feel him wave his hand in a passive way.
“Gregory,” A third voice chimed in, sternly, trying to regain control of the situation.
“If we kill the boy, the outlaws will have no reason to be here,” The man named Gregory, Harlow assumed, said with panic laced in his voice.
“Except revenge,” Simon said back, his voice still stern and serious. He was trying to remain calm.
A loud bang sounded from down the hallway. Harlow turned back and started panicking. She saw one of the open windows and walked over, seeing a small overhang several feet below.
She raised herself onto the windowsill, hearing the clinking of armor and the pitter-patter of footsteps coming toward her.
The faster the footsteps came, the faster Harlow moved. She felt her heart beat faster and faster as she moved around the windowsill and placed her feet on a small overhang several feet below. Her fingers barely grazed the surface of the windowsill, her heart beating faster with every passing second.
If she fell, she'd die.
Her heart started to beat with the power of a thousand horses.
Her palms were already getting sweaty.
“My Liege!” A panicked voice yelled out, knocking harshly on the oak door.
Harlow had barely made it over the ledge. 
Harlow heard the oak door swing open, “What?”
“The outlaws are attacking from the west side as well. It's a full on ambush out there and we're running out of men to fight the battles. We've no other resources.” The voice cracked in panic.
“What do you mean we have no other resources?” The King demanded.
“One of the commanders sent dozens of men out to search for the outlaws in Sherwood. We're out of at least sixty men.” The panic had subsided for a moment, but that didn't make their situation any less dire.
The King let out an angry, gruff sigh. “Where is this commander?”
“In the ballroom. That is, if the outlaws haven't slaughtered him yet, My Liege.”
Harlow cringed. She hoped it wasn't Parker they were referring to.
The king sighed again. “Where is the ambush happening?”
“The west wing, right outside the plateau.” The man said. His voice was weak and unstable.
“On the plateau?” King Wesley grew irritated and stressed. He took several steps out of the room. Harlow heard his contemplative steps come closer to the window she was hanging outside of. 
Harlow moved her fingers away from the sill, keeping balance on the small overhang that her feet sat on. She forced herself not to look down, making sure she wouldn't scare herself into falling to her death. The terror didn't subside.
“It's a distraction.” The king determined, looking out the window. He turned swiftly. His cape swung behind him and sent air blowing above Harlow's head. Harlow heard a few steps of the king's steel boots on the stone before his voice rang out again. “Make sure he stays put. Do not let him go anywhere.” King Wesley took two steps forward before abruptly turning back and adding, “And Keep him alive.”
“Yes, Sir,” the two soldiers answered in unison.
The king and another set of footsteps fell down the hall and away from Harlow. When she was certain that no one would see her, she climbed back up onto the sill and looked back and forth down the hallways. She walked, quietly, to the archway that the two men stood inside of.
She spotted Enders, sitting on his knees, stealing glances at the men who stood before him.
“Why should we leave him alive? We should kill him and be done, Simon!” Gregory, an older man with a small stubble on his face pleaded with the other man, Simon. Simon looked far younger with a head full of brown hair and matching stubble.
“The king has ordered us to leave him be, and that is what we will do.” Simon said, sternly, shaking off Gregory's pleas.
Gregory shook head and sighed. He stood still for a moment as Simon stepped away form him and toward a window. “Fine,” He huffed angrily. The intensity in the room rose with each passing second. “If you don't do it, I will.”
Gregory stalked toward Enders. He unsheathed his sword and held it at the ready.
Harlow wasted no time in snatching one of the unlit torches off the wall and throwing it at his head. Maybe it wasn't the best course of action, but it was the only thing she could do.
The man fell over, unconscious, his head bleeding and his hair catching a small flame.
Everything happened fast in that moment.
Harlow took a step into the room, seeing Simon coming after her. She quickly turned to the table at her side and picked up a butter knife, plunging it deep into his chest. His cry of pain made her cringe, but the pain did not deter him from coming forward and unsheathing his sword.
Harlow took two steps backward, grabbing a fire poker that sat lonely against the wall. She stepped forward and held the poker out in front of her. She knew that only one of them would walk away from this, and he was trained to never back down.
Then again, so was she.
She took another cautious step forward and stared up at him from below her eyelashes.
Simon kept still, attempting to mask the pain he felt.
Harlow kept her gaze even, holding the fire poker out in front of her. She saw him blink and his gaze faltered. She took that moment of thoughtlessness to lunge forward and plummet the poker into his chest. 
Simon fell to the ground, the poker still stuck in his body, convulsions taking over him.
Seeing the body made her freeze, but she knew that she had no time to waste.
Harlow ran to Enders, who sat, staring at her. The shock in his eyes was one she wished she could erase. He'd just seen her kill a man, and he had many times, but this was different. She was a woman, in a dress, and she had just killed a man in front of the man she was arranged to marry.
“Harlow,” he said her name. She wanted to revel in the sound, and in the way his voice echoed in her ears.
“We have to go. Now.” She said, going behind his back and pulling apart the ropes that bound his hands together.
“Harlow,” He exhaled her name. His heart was beating so hard, she could feel it in his arms as she untied him.
She dropped the ropes, taking his hand and pulling him out of the room. They rushed down the corridor at her right. She came to the ledge she'd come over and looked over the area below. The exit was farther down the hall they were on, which would be through the door she couldn't shove open. A small war still waged on, although it wasn't looking good for the outlaws. Reinforcements from the king were pushing them back. Blood laid on the floor in renegade puddles, and dead bodies littered the ballroom. Harlow noticed almost all of them were the king's knights.
“The outlaws began their attack here on the south end, through the kitchen, but they've set up another ambush in the west.” Harlow pulled him away from the ledge and down the corridor to a door on the end.
Enders breathed in hard. He squeezed her hand as if he'd never be able to again.
“They're going to run out of men and arrows soon, so we have to get out now.” Harlow said as she picked up the pace.
She glanced back, seeing Enders struggling to keep his eyes open in the sunlight of the hallway. His skin was intensely pale and he seemed weak, but he had a strong spirit and will. She'd have to trust that his strength would last him.
The two made it to the door at the end of the hall. She turned the knob and opened the door as slowly as possible.
A quiet squeak sounded off in the room, echoing lightly. Torches lit up a carefully designed study and strategy quarters. Harlow walked in and determined the room abandoned. With Enders following in suit, she walked over the door on the right side of the fully furnished and decorated room and pulled open the second door.
A dark stairwell greeted them, and knowing that there was no other way out, Harlow wasted no time in rushing down the steps. Enders followed behind, somehow finding the energy to keep up with her. 
Harlow noticed that Enders rested a hand on her back, pushing her down the stairs, his vision getting better with the small amount of light.
They made it to the bottom with no problem and, as Harlow had dreaded, the ballroom beyond the secret staircase was empty.
Slowly, Harlow walked into the colossal room, feeling apprehensive as she snaked against the walls, Enders following behind to her.
She felt his shock as he stared out over the dead bodies. Most had been Knights, yes, but six outlaws laid dead on the ballroom floor.
It was deserted and messy. Plates and food littered the floor.
Harlow reached behind her and took Enders hand, pulling him toward the kitchen exit, and following the wall as she walked. Enders followed close behind her and squeezed her hand tightly.
The wall came to an end, opening up into a large archway on the left side of the room. The kitchen sat on the other end, a small curtain hung over the entrance.
Harlow eyed the room suspiciously, pausing for a moment before propelling herself to the other end of the room, and pulling Enders along with her. 
“Let's go,” Harlow breathed out, excited to see the exit she'd been dying to get to. 
She felt herself yanked back and turned around by Enders hand before she could register what was happening.
She saw before her King Wesley, holding Enders by the arm, a sword at his throat. The king bore his eyes into her, scanning her up and down, an eyebrow raised. 
“A mere Castle-hand?” King Wesley sneered. His demeanor was cynical and angry. His frustration was obvious in his face. “Yet, I don't recognize you.”
Harlow stared at the scene before her. No, she didn't expect this. She hadn't planned for this. Panic rose from her heart and throughout her body. She didn't have a weapon, yet the king held one to Enders' neck.
“Nothing to say?” The king asked, his eyebrow still raised and a smile on the edge of his lips. “What if I dig this blade into his throat? Then what? Will you speak?”
Harlow paused for a moment before trying to compose herself. Her anger started to boil when the initial shock started to fade. “I will speak regardless of your actions.”
“Who are you?” The king demanded. The malice in his voice seeped out of his throat.
“A Castle-hand.” Harlow answered, her frustration still building up.
King Wesley laughed bitterly. “Don't lie to me,” He boomed, boring his eyes into hers. “If you lie to me, he dies.” The king warned, pressing the blade an inch more into Enders throat. “Who are you?”
Harlow smiled devilishly, raising an eyebrow, and a small chuckle on her lips. “I am an outlaw.”
The king laughed again bitterly, an evil tone. “I said do not lie to me? You expect me to believe that Robin Hood is recruiting women?”
Harlow smiled still, side-stepping to her left, where the middle of the ballroom sat. She shook her head as she looked at him. “You don't exactly have to believe it.”
“The life of this outlaw depends on your word. Don't you care?” The king asked, maliciously, happiness, and giddiness on the brim of his voice. The only time he showed happiness was when he held someone else's life in his hands.
Enders held a sad, hard expression, refusing to let himself get sucked into this situation. He would never give up, Harlow knew that, but he wasn't exactly fighting at the moment.
“I already mentioned that I'm an outlaw. I have no reason to care for anyone other than myself.” Harlow shrugged at the king, taking another side-step to the right.
“I don't believe you.” King Wesley narrowed his eyes at her and sneered. His gray hair was masked by his golden crown, and his maroon-colored robes detracted from his malicious expression. She noticed that his nostrils flared angrily, but he was trying to mask his anger with some hidden charisma, but Harlow knew better than to fall for that. He narrowed his eyes at Harlow, waiting for her a reaction.
It was then that she noticed her eyes in his own: a swirling, light shade of brown.
“I don't expect you to,” Harlow stated. “But,” she said, holding up a finger, “who should ever trust an outlaw?”
He laughed, again seeming bitter. “Aye, no one should believe an outlaw, but you are not an outlaw.”
Harlow kept her finger up, a smirk on her lips. “Aye,” she mocked him. “I'm not simply an outlaw.”
She side-stepped again, finally making her way to the guests' feast table, she placed her hands on the edge of the table, letting herself lean on the edge of the wood. She picked up a renegade apple and took a bite. “Delicious,” she commented, looking at the apple endearingly while placing her other hand behind her, on top of a random carving knife she'd placed there this morning.
“You take another step and I'll kill you.” The king warned. His voice registered more annoyed than angry. She couldn't tell if his nonchalance was sincere. A cold stare pierced her eyes as she took another slow, cautious bite into the apple.
Harlow placed the apple back onto the table she leaned against, earning a disgusted look from the king before her. King Wesley moved his eyes, from her to the apple to her once again. The rest of his body was stoic and lifeless, Enders held firmly in his grasp. Harlow took a good look at him, although returning his cold stare. He was older, but not elderly. He was fit and slender with a semi-tall stature, towering over her, but only inches taller than Enders. His brown eyes were a color that Harlow knew matched her own and his wicked smile was one that sickened her to her stomach, not because it was evil, but because it resembled her face too well. 
Quickly Harlow pushed herself up. While doing so, she slipped the carving knife from the table top and into her dress' sleeve.
“I'm done playing games with you. Tell me who you are.” The king demanded, his voice quiet and nonchalant in a way that sent chills down Harlow's spine. She felt her heart start to beat faster, and panic rise within her belly. Her palms became sweaty as she wondered if she and Enders could get out of this alive.
She decided that without any other options, she'd have to try and distract him.
Harlow attempted to keep her composure, plastering a grin onto her lips and sending a message of victory. “My name is Harlow McBride,” She said, her tone going from gleeful to serious as she proceeded with the plan. “My father is Harrison McBride. My mother was your daughter, the Princess of England, whom you murdered.”
King Wesley's anger weakened for only a moment.
Harlow took advantage of this moment, dropping the sharp blade from her sleeve and flinging it harshly at her grandfather's arm, just barely missing Enders' shoulder.
Enders scattered away from him, grabbing one of the many swords that littered the floor. He held it up, looking at the man evenly, coldly.
“Come on, Enders,” Harlow said, moving backward toward the kitchen.
Enders panted, taking a step backward. He was brave, but that didn't stop him from being scared.
King Wesley sprung forward, seizing the swords blade with his bare hand, and twisting it out of Enders palm. The blade glinted in the torch light as the metal met flesh and the shimmer of its blade mingled with blood. King Wesley held onto the sword until he'd pried it from Enders hands, blood dripping down form his hand and making a small puddle on the floor. Pain didn't deter him.
The king turned the blade and hit Enders in the stomach with the hilt of the sword, kicking him once in the stomach, then turning to Harlow. He stared at her, keeping the sword in his hand while he reached for the small carving knife that protruded from his shoulder. He pulled it out of his body with barely a flinch, keeping his eyes on Harlow the entire time. Harlow watched as her grandfather dropped the blade, letting it fall to the ground and echo throughout the room.
Horror washed over her as he stood over Enders, the sword hovering just over Enders chest.
The glint of delight in man's eyes as he looked down at Enders sickened Harlow to her very core.
Enders scrambled back and tried to stand up. He tried to compose himself as he found his way to his feet. Harlow only knew he was scared because she knew him, but if he'd been a stranger, she wouldn't be able to notice his fear. 
“Kill me.”
Harlow let her jaw drop as she watched Enders come a step closer to the king. She was only several feet back. Maybe she could rush forward and snatch the sword away. 
Maybe we could run? Maybe we could get away? She  was letting her mind run wild with ideas. She couldn't focus, and she knew that she was processing the words late.
“You'd like that, wouldn't you?” The king sneered, an eyebrow raised. “To bad you're still useful.”
Enders laughed bitterly. “I'm better off dead.”
Harlow felt her heart ache at the words. She took one small step forward, but found herself stopping before she got close enough to do anything.
“You, girl,” King Wesley said to her, addressing her generically. “You move one more muscle, and he dies.”
Harlow, although her heart ached and her throat dry, managed to get out a small squeak in response.
“Do you want to be responsible for his death?” King Wesley asked, finally taking one long glance at her before putting his attention back on Enders.
Harlow wanted to look around the room but decided not to. What if he really meant his threat and killed Enders because she'd moved her head.
“Do it.” Enders said, standing tall in place. He lifted his head and looked directly into the royalty's eyes. “Kill me.”
King Wesley's lips twitched. He wanted to broaden his smile but refused to give into the impulse. “Why should I?”
Enders narrowed his eyes evenly with the man before him. “I'm the son of the man who single-handedly killed thousands of your soldiers. I'm the son of a thief and a liar, an ex-nobleman and an outlaw. My father could bring down your entire throne. Imagine if I aid him in that conquest.” Enders chuckled, disgust and disdain in his voice. He took a step closer to King Wesley. “I'm valuable only to the Outlaws. kill me and let her go.” Enders nodded backward to where Harlow stood.
“Let her go?” The king gave into his impulse to smile. “She doesn't seem very useful. It would be a bad strategy to let her go.”
“Ah, yes. Strategy is important.” Enders said, a sad smirk on his lips. “I'm sure you knew that before, king. I'm sure you know many things,” Enders held his smirk and kept his eyes on the king, “except where Robin Hood dwells.”
The king's expression stilled in a cold glare.
“Not surprising,” Enders shrugged, “for such an incompetent king.”
The anger in King Wesley's eyes was enough to put the fear of God in Harlow. His eyes flashed irritation and belligerence. He tightened his grip on his sword and took a step and a half forward until he stared into Enders eyes. “On your knees,” The king demanded. The sword hovered over Enders' chest.
Enders exhaled. “No. If you kill me, I will die with my pride.”
“Outlaws have no pride!” The king shouted, his anger echoing off the walls and bouncing throughout the ballroom.
“I do,” Enders argued, holding his defiant gaze, and keeping his voice calm and even.
The king sneered, disgusted with Enders. “Then you will die for your pride.”
Harlow watched as Enders closed his eyes, accepting and expecting his own demise. King Wesley brought back the sword in his hand and was just about to propel it forward, into the Ender's heart.
Harlow wanted to rush forward but found that she couldn't move.
Bang! Crack! Doomsh!
Harlow felt herself rush back to reality. She lunged forward, taking Enders hand and pulling him a step backward. A giant piece of stone cascaded over King Wesley's head and fell to the floor before the two outlaws.
The king stood still, sword held in the air, hovering for a moment. His old, dark eyes blinked once before his knees buckled underneath him, and without warning, he fell to the ground, limp.
Enders stood in shock beside Harlow, staring at the man's pathetic body, lying on the ballroom floor. They both looked up, turning their attention to a woman who stood before them.
Her pale skin and brown eyes seemed to radiate with strength, Her dress was worn out and torn in many places. The woman's face was straight and V-shaped. Her long, light brown hair flowed down over her shoulder, although Harlow could see the gray streaks of many sleepless nights in them. The woman lifted her chin to the two and heaved in ragged breaths, letting them echo throughout the room. Harlow couldn't tell why, but something felt almost nostalgic about her.
“Go now,” The woman breathed, her pale skin and her dirty dress making her look peasant-like. 
Enders nodded and turned around, pulling on Harlow's hand, her body refusing to budge. She stared at the woman, trying to place her face with one of her many fleeting memories.
Instead, Harlow stared at the woman who stood doubled over, her hands resting on her knees and keeping herself up. It was almost as if her body was threatening to give up on her.
Harlow squinted at her, trying to fit a name with a face.
The woman looked up and offered a stern look. “You need to leave. Now.” She warned, still taking in labored breaths.
Harlow looked between the woman and the king's body lying on the floor. She found herself speechless as she set her gaze on the pathetic figure on the ground. They had the same hair color and texture. Harlow recalled the color of the tyrannous king's eyes: a light shade of brown. She looked to the woman, noticing that their eyes matched exactly.
Coincidence.
Harlow took a meek step forward, words coming out of her mouth before she gave them a thought. “Come with us.”
The woman shook her head, her breathing slowing down to a normal rate. “No. I can't. I would slow you down.”
Enders gave a small, impatient tug on Harlow's hand. She knew he was pressured and scared. He wanted to be done with this place, but how could anybody simply walk away from a woman who looked so battered and beaten by all the elements.
“Harlow!” The woman said sternly, warning her and putting pressure on her. “Don't worry about me. I can deal with my own father.” She rested her eyes on Enders, “Get her out of here, and don't let her come back.”
The woman's words finally hit Harlow. Enders set his eyes on Harlow, watching the words register in her mind.
“Thank you.” Enders said, before taking Harlow's hand and pulling her the other direction.
“Father?” Harlow asked. She refused to budge from the ground under her feet. She looked down at the body of the pathetic man before them.
'That makes you...'
“...the Princess.” Harlow said the words aloud. Her body became stiff and shocked. Her vocal chords refused to produce the question in her head.
Enders pulled on Harlow's hand again as she started to move toward the woman.
“Mom?” The word came out almost inaudibly at first.
Harlow barely felt the contact of Enders' arms as he wrapped them around her midsection and pulled. Harlow laid her eyes on the woman before her. 
Harlow looked over her garments, dirty and torn with age. She'd been imprisoned for a long time, Harlow knew that much. 
Harlow's suspicions and deepest fears were coming true all at one time. Her darkest threat, her biggest weakness: her mother.
And she was alive.
“Go, now!” The princess yelled, pointing toward the kitchen exit as the sound of soldiers armor came clanking down the hallways and echoing throughout the halls.
Harlow wanted to say something, anything, but nothing came out. She found herself stuck in her own body, her words trapped inside of her. There was so much to say, so much to do, but nothing would be said or done as Enders dragged her away.
Enders took two or three steps backward with her raised off the ground, her feet dangling like a rag doll, before she started struggling. He backed away more and more, and the more he took her away from her mother, the more she struggled. She made small whimpers and started kicking her legs.
“Mom!” Harlow called out, the word bouncing off walls and curtains, finding it's way to her mother's ears. Enders continued pulling her back. She struggled against him even harder.
“Harlow, go!” The woman shouted again, her pale, weak figure no longer glowing with the strength she once had.
“No!” Harlow shouted, pushing against Enders, “Mom!” She kicked, trying to break free of his hold. He summoned the last of his strength and dragged her closer to the door.
Harlow held out one arm, trying to reach for her mother, as if she could extend her body across the room and embrace the woman. She watched her mother's figure become weakened, watched at the ability to stand left her.
This woman stood over King Wesley's body, disgust written on her face as soldiers ran in and stared at the scene before them. They didn't advance on her; they simply stood around her and took glances between her and the king.
Enders dragged her through the Ballroom archway, taking her away from her mother, for what Harlow thought would be the last time.
Enders hurriedly pulled open a door, leading to a stairway in the Kitchen. It was dark, but Enders ducked into the tunnel, still holding onto Harlow sternly.
She felt dazed, everything happening in a blur.
She tried to turn back twice, but Enders held her steady, finally allowing her to run in front of him so they could escape. He kept a stern hand on her back as the two ran down the hallway.
He was being her rock because she couldn't be strong for herself. He accepted that whole-heartedly.
Halfway to the exit, Harlow had composed herself and knew that she couldn't go back, unless she wanted to die. She spotted sunlight at the end of the tunnel.
It took two minutes before they broke out from the dark tunnel and into the sunlight, pushing open a door and rushing into the warmth they both missed so dearly.
Immediately they were greeted with the sounds of battle, screaming, and arrows. Green-tipped arrows flew around them, implanting themselves in the ground and protruding from dirt before them.
They tried to adjust to the light from the depths of the dark castle, but as soon as they were able to see, they noticed the calvary of outlaws pulling back and retreating into the forest.
Robin stood at their right, in the far distance, focusing on protecting soldiers standing just before him on a lower patch of grass, while an entire unit was deployed to deal with archers from castle windows. Robin and several other commanders, including Reggie, stood around the upper bank, shooting off arrows and downing as many knights as possible.
Harlow quickly searched the area for her father, but couldn't find any sign of his presence. It frightened her to her deepest core, but instead of focusing on it, she turned her attention to the battlefield.
Harlow gave the area one more glance before she took Enders hand, and rushed quickly to the right, following along the castle walls. Robin was the only person she entrusted to keep Enders safe, and if that meant she was going to protect him while they ran into the middle of battlefield, that's exactly what she would do.
She ran, keeping Enders' warm hand in hers, and making sure he kept up with her. She looked to her left, knowing that large stone walls were all that remain on her right.
She saw Robin Hood still in the same place that he was just moments before, still firing arrows wherever, and into whoever, he saw fit.
Harlow felt her lungs start to burn as she ran and she knew Enders would be having some trouble keeping up as well. 
But, he wouldn't give up now.
They were just a few feet from her goal: to be in Robin's line of sight.
Finally, they stepped into his visibility! He would see them! He had to! He'd see them and push as hard as he could, and they'd return to Sherwood safely. 
He scanned the area, and just as Enders and Harlow stepped into what would have been his line of sight, he started in the opposite direction.
Robin scanned the area once before looking forward again, away from them.
Harlow cursed mentally, her only hope was gone, and they were on their own. There was no way to grab his attention. She couldn't, and wouldn't, yell out his name in front of all these soldiers. It would then only take a smart knight to realize which of them was Robin.
She looked to her left, seeing the outlaws push back only slightly, making her stomach twist and turn violently.
Only a few seconds passed before she heard a loud, long shout from a far off distance. “Look over there!”
Immediately, she turned her head in the direction the shout had come from. Elwin stood, pointing at the two of them from across the plateau, a huge smile plastered on his face and his bow in his other hand, watching incredulously as he saw them come forward from the shadows.
Only the commanders and other leading men looked up. Everyone else knew enough to keep focusing on the knights that were progressing on them.
Robin, along with about six other men turned around and stared in the direction of Elwin's pointing. Almost at the same time, they all ran toward them on the plateau, picking up their positions and readying their bows. Harlow recognized Reggie and Elwin within the group.
Robin wore a huge smile, although concern was deeply embedded within his eyes as he stared down his bow and let several arrows fly into the battlefield before them.
Harlow watched as Robin yelled to another man, who yelled to several others.
Suddenly, several others ran to help the six men, pulling out their bows and arrows, sending down a storm of wood and stone upon the knights.
Harlow bent down, picking up two renegade arrows, holding them gently in her hand and knowing that this small piece of wood would soon be the end of someone else's life.
Harlow grabbed Enders hand, giving him one of the arrows, and taking a small look at him. He'd seemed to be relying on his reserves of energy, but he also looked so much better now that he'd been in the sun.
The bags under his eyes didn't look as bad and his figure didn't look nearly as weak as it had before. His face was stoic and determined. He gave her one look, which she returned. He turned his eyes back to the plateau, letting her hand drop and nodding once.
Harlow waited for a moment. Any second now, the knights would realize who they were and come after them.
She looked over the field and felt a sense of hope. 
She could do this. 
She could protect Enders. 
They would both make it to the other side.
“Now,” She said quietly, sending the two into the middle of a battlefield.

Chapter Twenty-three

They ran into the flurry of weaponry, throwing and shoving people out of their way.
It took about five seconds of absolute confusion for the knights to figure out that this prisoner and mere Castle-hand were working together.
“The prisoner!” One shout rang out next to Harlow, a little too close for her comfort. She felt a hand grab onto her arm and paused her running. She turned to the shouting man, waiting for only a moment before using all of her force to punch the man square in the jaw. The man stumbled back only for a second, before anger flared in his eyes and came back after her. She dodged his first blow, ducking her body low. She stood back up, turned the man around and, using all of her available force, plunged the arrow deep into his chest, blood pouring out from the wound like a waterfall.
The man let out a sickening gurgle before dropping to his knees at her right. The scene disgusted her, but she felt she had no choice. She wondered for a moment, looking at the blood on her hands, whether or not he really deserved to die.
The battle on the field seemed to be continuing in slow motion, as she looked to her hands and back to the body that lay at her feet. She found herself wondering truly if this image would haunt her in later times.
Then a full second passed, her brain switched back on, and time sped up to normal. She looked around, seeing Enders struggling with another man, his arrow against the broad side of the man's dull sword. 
Harlow reached down, refusing to look at the dead man's eyes and pulled the arrow out of his chest.
She sprinted forward and shoved the arrow into this man's stomach, giving Enders the opportunity to plunge his arrow into the man's chest, making him limp and killing him. Blood soaked their hands as they stood up. Harlow gave it no thought, deciding that it was better to keep running than to look at the death and destruction that she was causing.
They were only about fifteen feet away from Robin, who stood, shooting arrows behind them and killing anyone who wanted to come after her and Enders. Man after man fell dead behind them as they tried to pursue them. Disgusting gurgling sounds, screams, and blood stained her memory. It made her sick of this place, the outlaws, and herself.
They were getting closer to Robin, their legs burning along with their lungs. Their breathing became labored.
But, Harlow refused to give up and Enders refused to die.
Just as Harlow was about to make it to the last ten feet before the Outlaws, a hand grabbed her and pulled her back. She lost all of the balance she had in her body. As she lay on the ground, dazed somewhat, she turned her head, searching for Enders, finding him trapped under another man as well.
She turned to look at the man kneeling above her. Why he hadn't been shot yet was beyond her.
“A servant running with outlaws?” He sneered, sickeningly, his breath stinking and yellowing teeth showing themselves to her. “I thought you were Parker's bride,” he sneered again. He reveled in Harlow's discomfort.
Just as Harlow was about to kick up her legs, she felt the weight of his body fall on her, limp; dead. She felt warm liquid seeping from his neck and leaking onto her. She felt the presence of a dead man in her personal space.
She pushed the man off of her, turning her head to Enders, worry and panic lacing themselves together in her brain and on her face.
She saw Enders covered in blood, pushing a dead man off of his body as well, his expression disgusted and disgruntled.
Harlow noticed the arrows coming from different directions. The one that had saved Enders came from the outlaws, but the one that protruded from the man that had straddled her, stuck out from the man's back. She examined the angle for a split second before knowing that it came from the opposite direction as the outlaws.
Harlow looked up from the body and saw the silence that fell upon the battlefield, as the soldiers started realizing what exactly had happened.
“Up there!” One man shouted, his blond hair hanging slightly over his eyes as he pointed to one of the castle windows. 
Harlow turned her head, expecting the worst. She couldn't fathom what kind of situation would permit a total stand still on the battlefield.
While the soldiers were preoccupied watching the windows, faces confused and concerned, the outlaws pulled back, coming off the knight's radar and rushing back to where Robin stood on the higher bank.
Harlow stood next to Enders, who still sat bewildered on the grass. She followed the soldier's pointing finger to a man standing in a large archway, his bow raised to eye level, dirty blond hair gently swinging above his eyes. The hair on this figure was the first thing to capture her attention, the suns rays bouncing off the strands and making them glisten in the sun's light. It made her heart stop and flutter. Panic and worry crept up her spine. It took a few extra moments for her vision to focus completely, her hands rising and covering her eyes. She was fully aware of Enders laying at her feet.
The face that she eventually recognized was one that made her heart ache and her body cringe with guilt.
Parker?
She held onto his gaze for what felt like an eternity, simply staring at him for any sign or movement. His eyebrows hovered angrily over his eyelashes. His face was hard and stern. He was furious, enraged, humiliated. All these feelings made themselves clear in his every detail. He realized that he'd been played. 
By outlaws, no less.
She was ready for a full fledged attack on the outlaws. 
Instead, she saw a harsh nod in her direction, his eyes on her only.
It wasn't a message of attack; it was a sign to run back, to retreat. He was giving her the opportunity to leave in peace.
Harlow stood frozen in time, as she watched his expression turn from anger to complete and utter pain. The pain only lasted for a split second, before his eyes flickered to Enders. The complete rage returned.
She broke out of the paralyzing effect he had on her, and she looked down to Enders, who stared at the man in the archway, also frozen in time.
Grabbing his arm and pulling him up, they spun around and darted into the forest behind them. Enders' eyes finally adjusted to the sunlight he'd so longed to see.
Voices and sounds of catastrophe rang through her head as they ran, but she couldn't focus. 
She couldn't speak. 
She could only run.
The group came just a little farther into the woods, when she spotted her own father, standing off to her far right, bow in hand and ready to fire behind her. He offered her an ecstatic and relieved smile, but Harlow found herself too exhausted and too damaged to offer a smile back.
Instead, she gave one weary glance, turning away before she felt pangs of guilt strike her heart.
Robin shouted for archers to cover them as they ran, but before Harlow knew it, they were running alongside all the outlaws on the mission, retreating back to Sherwood – Or wherever they were headed.
She wanted to look back and catch another glimpse of Parker as they ran, but she knew he was much too far behind them now. She wanted to see the way his eyes sparkle in the sun, even if that meant she had endure the pain written all over his face, which she'd knowingly caused.
She wanted to reach out and take his hand, confess everything she'd done, make him understand why she had to do it.
I did it for Enders!  She'd plead with him, I couldn't let him die! We're... Engaged...
She so wanted, in that moment, to tell him she was sorry for deceiving him, for hurting him, for making him believe in a future that would never be.
This wasn't part of the plan! He wasn't part of the plan!  Harlow found herself angry and her heart struck with an undying sadness.
Instead of indulging in her sudden impulse to run back and embrace Parker, she kept her eyes hardened and directed forward. She held Enders' hand loosely in her own.
Her mothers face, Enders broken body, and Parker's pained eyes made her feel an anger rising deep in her abdomen.
She squeezed Enders' hand, knowing that he was the only reason she had enough strength to continue running.
It was for him that she infiltrated the castle.
It was for him that she risked her very existence.
She fought the thought every time it entered her mind, but she let herself, in this one moment, indulge in the thought: She loved Enders.
He was the center of everything she'd done for the last four months.
And, it was for him that she simply kept running.
Chapter Twenty-four

Harlow stood on a flattened, weather-eroded piece of gray stone. Her elbows sat propped up on a piece of burnt wood that sat horizontally, overlooking the village lake.
It wasn't Sherwood Lake, but it would have to do for now.
She spotted the destroyed marketplace on the other end of the lake, buildings torn to pieces and fire-burnt wood scattering the walk ways. 
Dozens of people walked around, picking up and repairing the destruction that was Lincoln village.
She was home, but the feeling was far more unpleasant and bitter than it was sweet. The whole reason she'd left this home was to keep her father from fighting. She left home to preserve this town and it's people. She'd learned many lessons from Sherwood, but she wondered anyway if you leaving was all in vain. 
It had been a whole year, and regardless of the slight amount of comfort she felt, she couldn't shake the feeling that this fight wasn't over, and the worst was yet to come. Until then, though, Harlow just wanted to relax and rebuild all that once was.
She closed her eyes, feeling the wind on her face, and lasting about five minutes before the pale, mistreated, and malnourished face of her mother invaded her brain and forced her eyes open.
That one memory brought others to the surface, including Enders.
It's been two weeks. Harlow thought, still leaning over the railing. Since I've seen him.
Harlow sighed, staring out over the lake and flipping through the  memories she wished she could forget.


Two Weeks Earlier
Harlow felt a cold breeze touch her cheeks as she stared out over Sherwood Lake. The water glistened carefully in the sun and the trees swayed with the gentle breeze. It was the only peace she'd felt in the last few months and it was so refreshing that she'd already been on the pier for two hours. Harlow had pulled off her boots and set them aside, reaching one of her feet down into the water while she laid back on the wooden bridge. She stared up at the horizon, thinking about everything and nothing at the same time. 
She sat that way for about five minutes before the pier rhythmically creaked under her: Footsteps.
She didn't have to look to know that it was Enders who sat next to her. She kept her eyes pointed toward the blue horizon above, looking over the small clouds that sat in the midst of her vision.
They let the silence sit comfortably between them.
Enders leaned back on his palms, raising one of his knees up and taking in a deep breath of air. “I told her about you.”
Harlow turned her eyes on him immediately, her eyebrows furrowed. His hair swung gently above his eyes as he spoke, staring over the lake and off into the distance.
Harlow found herself temporarily stunned, half because of what he'd said and half because of the way he looked at the moment. “What?” She finally wheezed, trying to ease the pain of seeing her mother's face burned into the backs of her eyelids.
Enders shrugged, a sad smile on his lips. “She saw you bring me food and started asking me questions,” He sighed, “Something made me trust her, so I told her very simple details until she told me who she was.”
Harlow felt her eyes widen. She stared at Enders who kept his eyes out over the lake.
“She thinks you're brave,” Enders said, finally turning his head to look at her, “like your father.”
   Harlow hung on every word Enders spoke for the rest of the conversation, as he detailed every expression and word he'd shared with Harlow's mother. 
“She thought it was hysterical when I told her that you disguised yourself as a man to get here.” Enders smiled, a chuckle coming out from deep within his chest.
Harlow could only muster a smile. She was afraid that if she smiled, she might start to cry. But, she wanted to hear more anyway.
Minutes turned into hours, and eventually all of Enders' stories had been told.
Again, they let a comfortable silence fill the space between them.
“I,” Enders coughed, an almost awkward expression taking over him. He turned to Harlow, “I told her about our engagement.”
Harlow turned her eyes away from Enders, an awkward, weary feeling rising within her. She looked down at the water before turning them back up. Guilt washed over her.

Harlow cringed, trying to block the memory from her mind.
She shook her head, ready to turn around and walk back to the tent she'd set up for herself as she helped rebuild the homes and marketplace that was once her home.
That's when she heard the gentle sound of a horse far in the distance.
She raised an eyebrow, turning her head to see the commotion of voices and animal noises.
Harlow saw the horse first, before realizing that the man riding it had been a man she hadn't seen in two weeks, a man she missed with every fiber of her being.
She turned around and walked a few steps, before she started jogging toward him. He stepped down off the horse and lead it to a bucket of water and a stack of hay.
She stopped just a yard or so away from him, her jaw slightly slack and her eyes widened and relieved.
The man removed his hood, a mop of light brown hair showing itself as it swung gently above his eyebrows. He had a small stubble on his chin, something that caught Harlow by surprise.
“Enders,” Harlow breathed as she took another, cautious step forward.
He nodded, “Harlow.”
His physique had improved since his rescue from the castle. He'd gained all his muscle back and more. His face and hair looked more grown up and stronger, but under all of that Harlow knew he was the same caring person he'd been before.
“You came,” She said when she found herself at a loss for other words.
“I didn't come because you asked me to.” Enders said, his voice harsh and brash. He held the reigns of his horse in his hands, tying the ropes to the small wooden post they had placed at the entrance of the town.
Harlow cringed at his brazen nature toward her. “I-” She started.
“I only came because people needed my help.” Enders said, pulling the rope tightly and successfully keeping his horse in place. He turned to face her. “That's it.”
Harlow was taken aback. She wanted to be angry, but couldn't find it in her to do so. He wasn't wrong to be angry, that much she knew. Instead, she decided to nod and keep conversation to a minimum.
“What do you need my help with?” He asked. He was transparently trying to keep his irritation in check.
Harlow nodded over to the marketplace, where several renegade civilians were trying to lift walls and nail wooden panels together. “We're trying to rebuild the town center. Then we'll focus on homes.”
Enders nodded, taking off the green cloak that hung about his shoulders. “I'll be headed over there, then.” He rested his cloak on his horses' back, and turned away from Harlow.
“Thank you, Enders,” Harlow said in a voice she thought he probably couldn't hear.
“Aye.” He said, still walking away. He rose a hand to let her know that he got the message.
Harlow looked down. She let a deep exhale escape her lips. She couldn't figure out what she was thinking or what she'd been thinking when she last spoke with him. She felt her heart race and her stomach flip every time he came close to her, but on the same token, she felt the need to push him back. This wasn't normal, was it: how much she wanted to be near him all the time?

“What?” Harlow asked. Uncertainty laced her lips.
Enders shrugged. “You were the only thing that kept me going all that time. Talking about you made it easier for me to get by.”
Harlow felt breathless. A slight bit of fear and irritation rose from the depths of her chest. She wanted to ask why but she couldn't form the word.
“She says it's a fitting idea. The son of the Prince of Thieves and the daughter of a Princess.” Enders smiled. He focused solely on the horizon over the lake.
Silence sat for only a second before Harlow was able to speak. She hadn't known she'd regret her words the second they came out of her mouth. “I can't marry you.”
Enders turned his head to Harlow slowly. He looked taken aback. Maybe it was shock, maybe it was relief. Maybe it was a mixture of both. Harlow couldn't tell anymore.
“This wasn't my decision. My father made this decision. I can't live with a decision that I haven't made. I want authority over my own life. I want to make my own choices and feel the consequences of only the things I've done. I can't be held down to things I never wanted,” She said, her voice rising and falling with the stronger words. She felt the fear in her heart as she said the words she held to be truth. Her voice wasn't as steady as she wanted it to be.
“You think I'll hold you down? You think I'll force you to do things?” He asked. His eyes squinted at her and his eyebrows knitted together.
Harlow couldn't answer. She looked out over the lake, her body stiffening. “I can't risk my own freedom.”
“What were you doing back there, then?” Enders asked, his voice rising in intensity and frustration. “You gave up freedom when you entered the castle.” He paused, looking back over the lake. “You seemed to enjoy captivity just fine when Parker was around.” He stood up. His feet made the pier creak and sway. 
Harlow widened her eyes; her teeth gritted together in anger, and picking herself up from the pier so she could be eye level with him. “You think I ever wanted to be around Parker? I was there to save you!”
“Then make up your mind!” Enders shouted. His voice echoed throughout the forest. “You don't want to lose your freedom, but you gave it up to come for me. Now, for that same reason, you're denying our marriage?”
Harlow gritted her teeth again. Her frustration was starting to boil over. “You're forgetting that we never asked for this marriage! Our fathers set this up! I was fine being on my own.”
Enders nodded. For a split second she could see pain on his face. He quickly covered it up with all the anger he felt inside. “That's fine, then,” He said, his voice quieted, “because now you are.”
He turned his back on her and walked away from her. He tried to fight it as hard as he could, but he couldn't deny the feelings he had, and out of everything he'd been through, that was the most painful thing he'd had to deal with.

Harlow watched as Enders, who'd walked back into her life, picked up wooden panels and talked with other working men.
He never once smiled.
She watched him talk with other civilians, asking them questions and helping any way he could.
Harlow looked down at the ground after a few minutes. She walked toward the men who were building nearby.
She walked around, feeling dazed. She tried helping the men wherever she could. Many of them refused her help, saying that women, although in pants, shouldn't lift a finger in these efforts. She would have been offended if it weren't for the fact that she knew they were only being polite and chivalrous. It was a sweet gesture, so she accepted it.
Normally, she would have refuted their refusal, but she decided to take it easier on this particular day.
She was helping a young man, about her age, lift a wooden panel when the sound of five or so horses filled her ears.
Her and the man took a look at each other and dropped the panel.
They stepped to the side, looking over the direction of the sounds.
“What is that?” Harlow asked, brushing hair out of her eyes before placing her hands on her hips.
“I have no idea,” The man said, scanning the forest just beyond them.
Harlow took a few more steps to the right, trying to see past the ongoing work on the new marketplace.
That's when six horsemen came into view, carrying a royal flag, and royal seals embroidered into their uniforms.
Harlow narrowed her eyes as they came closer to the forming crowd. “Get back a little bit.” She said to the man next to her. The man moved back. He knew about her, that she was from Sherwood, that she knew what she was doing. She took two steps back as well, blending into the crowd.
Ba-Bru-Da-Da-Dum!
A trumpet rang out, almost sounding rushed, as the six horsemen approached the crowd.
Five of the horsemen stayed behind as the front man dismounted his horse and stepped forward.
The man was older than Harlow, enough to be her father. He had brown boots that went to just below his knee caps, his black hair cropped short.
“Citizens of England,” He greeted them, speaking up a bit so they could hear him as he approached the area. “I'm looking for a Miss Harlow McBride.”
Harlow contemplated running or not answering, but her anger got the better side of her and she stepped forward, apart from the rest of the crowd.
“Aye, that's me.” Harlow said, an eyebrow raised as she looked upon the man. “And you are?”
The man looked her up and down, his eyebrow raising gently. A small, almost playful smirk sat itself on his lips. “I am the King's Royal Advisor.” The man said, taking off his right glove. “You have been summoned to appear at the royal court of King Wesley as soon as possible, under the unlawful act of Outlawry.” The man said, “His Majesty is rather upset with your actions as of late.”
The man sighed, almost out of boredom. She saw a small spark of what looked like disappointment, but kept from mentioning it.
Harlow tilted her head gently. “I'm being charged with Outlawry?”
The man nodded, again eying her up and down. “Doesn't seem like much a surprise.” He slowly got off his horse and rummaged through his things, pulling out a piece of rolled up parchment and holding it out to her.
Harlow stepped forward, looking at the man. She took the parchment from his hand and unrolled it.
It was true, the scroll was for her presence at the court.
Harlow nodded, looking up at the advisor. She chuckled at him. Then her smile dropped. She gripped the parchment on either side and ripped it clean down the middle. “I thought the protocol was detainment and trial. Shouldn't you be cuffing me up and taking me to prison?”
“The king specified that you should have this protocol instead. Seems your special, or something or another. The king will have your head for that kind of behavior, though.” The man warned, his eyebrow raised in amusement and curiosity, as he eyed the ripped parchment in hand.
“Ah, like he had the head of his own daughter.” Harlow said, an eyebrow raised. She knew it wasn't true. She knew her mother was alive, but she also know that most everyone in the country believed that she'd been killed. Still, she kept her eyes even on him, ripping the parchment in fourths, quarters, and so on, until there were only tiny bits left.
The advisor rolled his eyes. “Our king is impartial to all, even his own family.”
“Your King is a coward!” Harlow snapped, letting the ripped pieces of parchment fly in the wind.
“Is he any more cowardice than you?” The man challenged. His voice was irritated and annoyed. He slipped his left glove back onto his hand.
Harlow, anger billowing and stirring in her chest, smiled sarcastically for a moment, before turning to her left and grabbing a renegade plank of wood.
She let it shift between her palms for a moment. Then, she pummeled into the man, slamming him against the recently built marketplace wall. She heard the creaking and cracking of new wood as she held the man still. The plank found itself pressed hard against his Adam's Apple.
His eyes immediately switched from boredom to fright, and he found himself unable to move; pinned between wood and flesh.
“Is anyone more cowardice than a man who entraps people and forces them to serve as servants? Is anyone more cowardice than a man who refuses to step a foot outside, on the bare Earth? Is anyone able to rule with an iron fist if they're too busy hiding behind mansion walls?!” Harlow shouted at the man as he tried to wriggle out of her grasp on him.
The sound of horse hooves and withdrawn blades echoed through the land that was once a village. The horsemen came closer and surrounded her. She didn't pay them any mind. If they were going to kill her, they'd done it by now. 
“Look around you.” Harlow said, lowering her voice only by one pitch. “This land was once where young children played and where good people slept. This was a land of peace and prosperity!” The man moved his head away, trying to look at his horsemen, who sat around her, afraid that any move they'd make would result in her impaling the man with the plank of wood she pressed against him.
Harlow pressed the plank down on the man, compressing his chest. He would have yelled out in pain, but he didn't have the space to. “What you see now,” She said, pressing just a little more, “is what your king has done. This is how much he values his citizens' lives.”
Harlow pressed the plank a few centimeters down on his chest again. She felt satisfaction when he wheezed for air. “You tell your king that if he wants me, he can come find me himself.”
“Harlow!” Enders' voice rang out in the chaotic silence. “You're going to kill him if you don't let him go.”
Harlow refused to turn her head and look at Enders because she knew the disappointment that awaited her. 
Instead, she tried to fight the urge to push the plank of wood into this man's throat.
“I await King Wesley's army, and I await his throne.”
Harlow dropped the plank of wood and stepped away from the man. He pathetically dropped to the dirt at her feet. The knights around her eased up just barely, waiting for any sign of another retaliation.
The man scrambled to his feet, dashing to one of the horsemen who would take him to the horse he'd left just feet away.
He pulled himself onto the back of a horse, behind one of the younger knights. “Go!” He shouted, distraughtly.
“Aren't we going to arrest her?!” One knight asked in the panic.
“The king has given us specific orders! Retreat back to the castle at once!” The adviser shouted. His voice trembled and his face went pale. Harlow didn't want to admit that she got a small amount of satisfaction from that as well.
Immediately, the knights took off in the direction they'd come from, barreling past the destruction that was once a village; a destruction their people had caused.
Harlow narrowed her eyes as the men sped away. She felt Enders' grim presence next to her. He felt different to her, more serious and ominous. She felt his disdain, his disappointment, his sorrow. She could not feel his pain.
Nothing felt right anymore.
No one seemed normal or just.
Fear had started to reign.
But so did anger.
She'd been right.
This wasn't over.
And the worst was yet to come.


End of Book One
About the Author

S. E. Roberts is an aspiring author, who enjoys writing, reading, painting, and long walks on the beach. Other than preparing for the arrival of her first child, she knits, crochets, and does other awesome things.

Please check back for Sherwood Book Two, coming Fall 2014!
