





Thunderwalker :  Book I -- The Place Between Worlds  -- Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2006 Michael Schwaba

Discover other titles by Michael Schwaba at Smashwords.com:
The Unsettled


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free Ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support. MS





Thunderwalker – Book One –
The Place Between Worlds


Arizona
1  - Annie
No One Here Who Can Help You

June, 1950 - She arrived at a small crossroads near the Hopi / Navajo border during the hottest part of the day, when the noon sun was directly overhead and cast little shadow. She arrived unannounced and was not surprised to find that no one was around to stare curiously at her as she got out of her Jeep to look around. They might have been sleeping, she considered, or somewhere taking shelter from the blazing sun, as she should be doing. Even so, she had the feeling someone was watching her. No one could enter a small place like this and walk around without someone knowing about it. This was Hopi country: No pictures, no tapes, no unescorted visitors, especially white visitors. The Indians relished their privacy.
The crossroads consisted of a gas station and trading post. There were a few dwellings in the vicinity, laid out in a random scattered fashion, rather than in the organized style typical of the historic Pueblos. They appeared well built with sandstone bricks, recent structures compared to some of the older dwellings up on the mesas that were ancient, hundreds of years old. But most of those had not been well preserved. They were piles of stones now, having once defined the walls of small dwelling spaces. Some of the newer houses were huts made from whatever stones, wood, siding, and tarpaper that could be scavenged, depressing looking places. And yet there was an uncanny feeling of calm and peace here, a voice inside her said. Like the eye of a hurricane.
One hundred years ago, she thought, the entire village might have received her. The sheer anomaly of seeing a lone white woman with blond hair would have been the biggest news in camp. Her coming would have been spotted long before she arrived, before which time she would have been intercepted and escorted in, and subjected to intense scrutiny, much of it probably surrounding the color and feel of her hair. If she had been a man, she might have been treated in more hostile or cautious fashion, though probably not killed. The Hopis were not murderers. 
One hundred years ago it was doubtful that she could have ventured on such a journey without an escort. To travel from Colorado to Utah, then through Arizona would have meant crossing Apache country, and that would have been unthinkable, where she might be killed, or kidnapped, kept as a pet like a dog, or forced into slave labor. Perhaps raped. No matter the outcome; it would not have been pretty. Lone women did not survive well in the wild historically; it was hard enough for men.
Things are different now, she thought. Now all the tribes have been "civilized," reasoned with, persuaded, and they have all laid down their weapons and put aside their “savage” ways and “unsanitary” lifestyles. They have been officially shown the errors of their ways and put in their place... a conquered people.
She sighed, dispelling these sad thoughts from her mind. History, as always, would be the judge of the Indians’ holocaust, as it had always been for the holocaust of every conquered nation. It was not for her to judge; it was for her to help write that history. To an anthropologist, like any historian, posterity was more important than outcome.
She pushed back her wide brimmed hat to wipe her brow, and then shook the dust from her khakis. She looked at the trading post and could see a face peering out at her. She thought it was an old woman, but the face was so brown and weathered she couldn't be sure. She went into the store, and saw that she had been right the first time. She smiled at the old woman, who nodded politely with a kind of bow, not disguising an incredulous look on her face. The woman then hurried down an aisle and disappeared into a back room. She watched her go without saying a word, then looked around the store for supplies she wanted to replenish. A moment later, the woman returned with a man who was probably her husband. His smile was also polite.
"Hi," he said.
"Hi," she returned, "I'll need some gas. Regular."
He nodded. "Okay."
"Please check the water also."
He had gone out the screen door, and she was not sure if he heard her. She looked around again, and saw the old woman staring at her. She gave her a slight smile, "How are you today?" she said. The woman smiled back and said something in Hopi, as she figured she would. "No matter," she said, selecting some canned goods.
She went back outside a few minutes later. The man was putting water in the radiator. "It's good as new," he said.
"Thank you," she said, "There are some things in the store I want to buy too."
"Okay."
"I also need some information."
"Yes?" he said expectantly.
"I'm looking for a man. I was told I might find someone here who knows of him."
"Who is this man?"
"His name is Thunderwalker. He is shaman, a medicine man."
The old man regarded her oddly now, and a shadow seemed to cross his dark furrowed face.
"Do you know him?" she asked.
He shrugged. 
"Can you tell me where to find him?"
The old man put down the water can he was using, and replaced the radiator cap. He seemed hesitant.
She wondered at his silence. Was he expecting money in exchange for information? "Where is he?" she asked.
The old man gave her an apologetic smile, and then pointed to the distant mountain range to the north. "You may find him out there."
"On the mesa?"
He shrugged, closing up the hood of the Jeep.  “Not our mesa. Further out probably. He is not a Hopi man.”
“He is Navajo then?”
“He might be; no one knows for sure. I know he is not Hopi.”
"How will I find him there?" she asked.
He gave her the same smile and shrugged his shoulders. 
“Is there anyone who can help me find him?”
He turned to leave, impatient to get back to what he had been doing. “No,” he said, not looking back, “There is no one here who can help you.”

#


2 - Luis & Billy 
This Is What you Have Come For

Arizona, Winter, 1990
From the road the brilliant desert landscape stretched far and wide, a calm sea of white snow in every direction. He had caught first sight of the impressive San Francisco Peaks at sunrise, and still they seemed incredibly distant. Now, a few hours later, the sunlight reflecting off the snow was blinding him, even with sunglasses on. Luis had wanted to drive through the night to avoid this, but he had become too tired and slept at a motel instead. Now his eyes hurt, and he was paying for his lack of resolve. Many times he had paid for this weakness.
The consequences of becoming an old man, he thought with some self-contempt.
He shivered, turned up the heater fan another notch, glad that his journey was almost finished.  Today it was bitter cold on the reservation, but in the Hogan of Old Billy Two Trees at least it would be warm, if not necessarily comfortable. Billy Two Trees lived simply, sparsely, more so than any of the other old Navajos that Luis knew. 
He saw the Hogan soon enough, coming up on the distant horizon, nestled in toward the hills. There were two unusually large Juniper trees right next to it, which made it easy to find Billy’s Hogan. It was said that they were as ancient as any living thing could be around here, although according to Old Billy he got there first, claiming as he often had that he was “born” on the spot between the two trees (before the trees grew), having been left there by a giant bird, after which the two trees sprouted up from the ground. They were almost as large around and as tall as the octagon shaped dwelling that old Billy lived in. Luis could see billows of thin smoke wafting upward from the smoke hole in the Hogan.
Old Billy was expecting company.
He slowed down and turned off the highway, crossing a cattle guard onto a snow covered gravel road, then continued a half-mile down to the road’s end. He parked and got out, shutting the car door, and stood there for a moment to look around at the wide-open space.
It was quiet and still here. There was a cold wind, more of a breeze really, but it was not as biting as it might have been. Except for the sound of the wind in his ears, all was quiet. Unnaturally quiet.
Luis was struck, as always, by the overwhelming silence of the area. It seemed to him as if the whole world stopped right here at Billy’s door. This singular characteristic was one of his earliest memories of this land. It felt uncomfortable, lonely. At times like this he could almost believe Billy’s story about his birth.
The door to the Hogan opened and a very old, thin man stood looking out, holding a pipe in his mouth with one hand and holding the door open with the other. His long gray hair was braided. In the morning sun, his ancient brown face revealed canyons of wrinkles. His furrowed brow almost hid his eyes completely. His mouth formed a slight pleased smile. 
Luis walked up to him. “Ya-Ta-Hey,” he said, walking inside. The old man nodded slightly, making room for him to pass. “Ya-Ta-Hey…my son.” He shut the door.
Inside it was as warm as Luis expected. His eyes immediately went to the round roof, supported by piled layers of ponderosa pine logs, cascading upward until they stopped at the peak, forming a smoke hole. On top of these logs lay several tons of earth. Old Billy had constructed his Hogan long ago, in the traditional Navajo way. It was well insulated, warm in the winter and cool in the summer. 
Luis’ eye went to the huge blanket on the dirt floor. There were two chairs in the room. One was a rocking chair. Luis sat in the other one. The rocker was Old Billy’s favorite.
“Want some coffee?”  Old Billy asked.
“Yes, please,” Luis replied. 
“Yes, ple-e-eze,” Old Billy mimicked. He laughed to himself as he poured the coffee. “I have never understood this custom of saying ‘please’ and ‘thank you’ after everything. You learned that from the whites. Did the whites learn this from the British?”
Luis took the cup and was about to say “thank you,” then stopped himself with a sniff. “It is not just the whites, father. Most cultures in the world have their ways of saying please and thank you. It may interest you to know that even many Navajos nowadays…”
Old Billy lifted up one hand to dismiss the point, and re-lit his pipe. Luis felt smitten with silence and looked around the small room with some agitation. “Where is Joseph?” he asked. 
Old Billy waved his hand toward the southwestern mountains. “He has gone away for a while, with Hank Nez, on a quest.”
Luis nodded toward the floor. “I see.”
There was silence for a moment. “How is he?” Luis asked.
Old Billy nodded. “He is well. He is a good boy. He is ready to become a man now. He should have become a man long ago…”
Luis nodded in agreement. “He hasn’t stolen any cars down here, has he?”
Old Billy laughed. “No, not even one. If he did, it would be curtains for him.”  He chuckled aloud at his joke. “You know that saying? ‘It’s curtains for you!’ It’s in all the gangster movies. Humphrey Bogart. Edward G. Robinson…”
“Yes, I know the expression,” Luis replied patiently.
Old Billy finished his laugh and said, “He would never get away with it down here, and he knows it. Besides, he knows there is nowhere to go. If he leaves the reservation he will go to prison. That is the white law.”
Luis nodded. “Yes, that was the deal the judge gave him.”
Old Billy re-lit his pipe. “It is good that he is here. It’s good that he is learning the ways of the Dine’...”  He fell silent as he puffed. 
Luis drank his coffee and stared at the stove in the middle of the room. He was finishing the sentence in his mind. The unsaid portion lingered in the air every time he was here. (“…at least he is learning the ways of the Dine’, the Navajo…”) 
Billy got up to add some wood. He moved more slowly than the last time Luis had seen him.
“He needs to learn responsibility,” Luis said.
Old Billy chuckled. “Responsibility… yes. That is a white man’s word. But it is a good word at its heart. But I do not think he has learned much responsibility up in the Colorado Springs.”
Luis was irritated. “I have tried to teach him by my own example. I consider myself a responsible man.  I am not a car thief.” He said this last as if to make it clear that Joseph had not learned this skill from him.
Old Billy sat down again. “No, you are not a car thief…you have many responsibilities at the school where you teach. But I think you have so many responsibilities that you have no time for your son.”
Luis shook his head. “I could not put a halt to my classes just to make sure my son was not stealing cars!”
Old Billy puffed his pipe and stared at Luis. “That is the problem, I think.”
Luis jumped up. He said “Pah!”, wanting to say many other things, but he held himself in check. He walked nervously around the small room. Suddenly the Hogan seemed too confining and too dark. Billy sat quietly and smoked, staring at the fire in the stove.
“What’s done is done!” Luis said. “For the moment he must live here, and I am grateful to you for looking after him. But I cannot leave my position at the college to come live down here! Do you understand that?”
Old Billy sat and smoked silently for several moments. Then he rose from his chair. “Do you want something to eat?” he asked.
Luis shook his head. He was hungry, but he felt too upset to eat. He had been feeling this way since he left Colorado.
“We will speak no more of this now,” Old Billy said. He walked over to one side of the room and reached into an old trunk containing clothes and several other articles. Among them was a piece of plastic wrapping containing a flattened object. “This is what you have come for.” He handed it to Luis, who took the object and stared at it for a long while before unwrapping the plastic. Inside was a handsome leather bound volume. 
Luis examined the book reluctantly. He had been hoping, since first hearing about the book, that he would not recognize it. But it was not so. It was hers. He knew it without seeing even one page. It was hers.
But it was not possible…
He took the volume in his hands and held it, feeling the grainy touch of the new leather against his fingertips. He sniffed it, stared grimly at the cover, wishing this were any other book. He opened it and briefly examined the crisp pages of writing inside, then looked on the inside of the cover and saw her name written there: 

Annie J. Weston.

Further down the page was a handwritten message:

To My Anne J (Angie) -
May your thoughts occupy this book
As much as you occupy my thoughts

Your Luis - June, 1950

He examined the date, then closed the book quietly and continued to stare at it. 
It was hers. How could that be?  “This was found…outside?” he asked.
Old Billy nodded. “Up north, by Mesquite Wash.”
“By the wash,” Luis replied vacantly, “By the canyon…but this is impossible!”
“It doesn’t belong to your friend?”
“Oh yes, it’s hers, all right. But how can it be? This book looks as new as the day I first bought it!”
Old Billy shrugged. He put another log in the stove, poured some more coffee and re-lit his pipe. “One hears of many things out here. That is a mystery, to be sure. But I have heard of stranger things…” He sat down and puffed his pipe, regarding Luis curiously.  “What did you mean when you said ‘by the canyon’?” Billy asked.
Luis looked over at him, his thoughts far away. “What?…”
“There is no canyon up there by the Wash, none that I know of anyway.”
Luis stared at him uncomprehendingly as this information sank in. It suddenly occurred to him that it had been a long time since he had talked with his father. “But there is…there was. I’ve been there. I’ve seen it!”
“You’ve seen it?…” Old Billy’s brow furrowed, and his eyes looked deeply into his son’s. “Can you tell me where it is? Could you take me there?”
Luis sat down again and wrung his hands together, shaking his head. “No. I have already tried. Years ago, when I was much younger. I tried two times to find it again. I could not.”
Billy stared at him and puffed away. “In all my long days,” he said, “I have done many sings. I have encountered the spirit world many times. And I have heard of a mystery canyon in stories, and the people who inhabited it a long time ago. But never have I seen it. How then were you able to?”
Luis shook his head. “I don’t know. My discovery of it was a complete accident.”
Old Billy was contemplative. Then he said, “The Spider weaves his web. He never makes a wrong web. It is not within the gods to create an accidental happening. If what you say is true, then I think the spirits were with you.”
Luis regarded him uncertainly. “Maybe I’ve been wrong about you,” Billy said, “I never figured you for a man the spirits would walk with. I didn’t think they cared for book-learning men.” 
“That may be,” Luis said stiffly, “The feeling is mutual. I don’t care much for them either.”
“Hmm, you don’t believe in the world of magic?” 
“No, not anymore,” Luis replied, “but if I did, I cannot see why the gods would discriminate between learned men and…” He let his words trail off, unsure of how to finish. 
“You believed once,” Old Billy said, gazing through his pipe smoke. “When you were younger.”
“I was a boy.”
“Sometimes a boy can see things that men cannot.”
Luis fell silent. He recalled the fervor of his youth, when Billy had tried to teach him the Way of medicine, and the Way of Power. “How do you explain seeing a canyon that isn’t there?” Billy asked. “And how do you explain not being able to find it later?”
Luis shook his head. “I can’t explain it. Except to say there were two pillars, an entrance into the canyon; there was a cave. The pillars may have fallen; the cave may have filled in over the years; the entrance may be hidden now, but the canyon itself…completely lost. I can only suppose that my original directions were in error somehow.”
Billy chuckled aloud. “You can suppose all you want to, but I don’t think you really believe that.”
Luis looked at him, unsure of what he believed. Billy rocked for a while, absorbed by the sound of the crackling fire.  “I haven’t seen you in a long time,” he said, “I don’t even remember how long it’s been.”
Luis nodded. “I know.”
“It is not good for a father and son to be separated for so long. It makes them strangers.”
Luis looked at him. “We’re different people, father. I can’t live here. And you couldn’t live where I am.”
Billy thought about this, and he nodded. “You’re right. There is no answer for that. Each man has to live his own life. Things always change. There are many who have left the reservation. It is for the best.”
They sat in silence, each staring at the stove, each avoiding the other’s gaze. “What are you going to do now?” Billy asked at length.
Luis held the book between both hands, as if it might provide the answer. He got up from his chair. ”I’m going back to Colorado Springs.”
Billy was surprised. “Why? You just got here.”
Luis shrugged. “Like you said. This is what I came for.”
Billy nodded and let out a sound with his lips. “The book isn't the only thing I have for you.” He walked back over to his trunk and pulled out another  package, elongated, cylindrical, also wrapped in plastic. Luis frowned. “What's this?” Billy brought it over and handed it to him. “It was found next to  the book  by a woman named Maria, near Mesquite Wash. She looked in the book and found your name, and figured out that you were my son. And the other thing, she assumed belonged to you also.”
Luis was smitten with surprise as he unwrapped the smaller package, also wrapped in plastic. Then he gasped. 
It was a crystal knife. 
“Oh my God,” he said, overcome with emotion, “I thought I'd lost this forever...”
Billy frowned. “Maria gave it to me unwrapped. I wrapped it up, since I didn't know when you were gonna be down here again. Very interesting piece.”
Luis was aghast. “I have to sit down,” he said, taking a seat. He stared at the crystal. Then he stared at the book. His hands trembled. “Are you all right, my son?” Billy said. “Do you want some whiskey?”
Luis said something unintelligible. “I'll take that for a yes,” Billy said, getting a bottle and two glasses. He brought them to a small table and said, “Do you really have to go so soon? I was hoping you’d stay.”
Luis was hesitant. He looked around the Hogan. “I don’t think I can stay here.”
“I know it’s not what you’re used to. But stay for one day. Stay tonight. Then leave tomorrow. I haven’t seen you in a long time. I don’t think I’m gonna be around much longer.”
Luis stared at him, aware of a stabbing feeling in his heart. “Why do you say that?”
“Oh, I get these feelings sometimes. I’m an old man. I know my time is coming soon. I can’t live too much longer.”
Luis regarded him curiously. “How old are you now?”
Billy screwed up his wrinkled face as he thought. He shook his head. “I don’t know. I never did know which year the bird delivered me. I think it was 1885 or maybe 1880. I’ve never been sure which.”
Luis stared at him, realizing suddenly that he had never known when his father was born. He had never known how old his father was. It had never even occurred to him until just now to even wonder, or even question his story. He stood momentarily undecided. He had wanted to leave. He suddenly wanted to stay, afraid that Old Billy would have a heart attack and drop to the floor as soon as he drove toward the highway.
“Besides,” Billy said with a gleam in his eyes, “I was hoping maybe you’d read that book to me.”
Luis was surprised. “You want me to read this to you?”
“Why not? After what you told me, you got me interested. There’s a mystery here. Maybe I can help you solve it."
Luis felt uncomfortable with this. “I don’t know about this, pop. This may be pretty private stuff here.”
“Well, what’re you gonna do with it? Aren’t you gonna read it?”
Luis ran a hand over the leather cover. “Well, actually, I hadn’t quite decided what I’m going to do with it yet.”
“All right then. Read me the book, then decide. You afraid I’ll be shocked by what I hear?”
Luis contemplated the book. “No,” he said, “It’s not that…it’s not you I’m worried about…”
“Well then,” Billy said, re-lighting his pipe.
Luis could feel the strong heat emanating from the stove. As he stared at the fire, he realized he was no longer feeling chilled. He sat back down in the chair, thankful at least for this. 
He opened the book to the first page…
#





3
Annie 
The Journal

June 20, 1950 - I don’t like beginning this book on a negative note, but since this is to be a record of my expedition, I feel compelled to do so. I don’t feel well this morning, and I know why.
I had the dream again last night. Third time.
I have lots of driving to do so I won’t get into it right now. When I have a moment I’ll write more about that.

June 21, 1950 – I’m in Arizona…I made it…
I’m camped near the big mesa, the one I remember the last time I was here with Luis. It feels good to be here finally. I have driven a long way and my bum is sore. But I’m glad to have a Jeep to drive around this country in. I may have to rent a horse for a few days where I’m going. Doesn’t make my butt feel any better…
Luis gave me this journal. It’s a lovely book, and the leather binding is very sturdy. I think it will last me forever.  It was a gift for helping him with his research “above and beyond the call of duty.”…(ha ha)… But  I know the real reason for this gift…so does he…
Poor Luis. He’s going to be upset with me when he finds out I’ve come here. He thinks I’m incognito in Utah. I feel badly about lying to him, but after what happened to him here I don’t think he would have let me come, especially alone… For now what he doesn’t know won’t hurt him.
I feel excited to be here…real excited. This is an incredible area! The feeling I get from being here…this desert terrain is unlike any other place I’ve been. I think good things are going to happen for me here. I feel like I’m home…

June 26 – I’ve put on a lot of miles on the Jeep. But as much driving as I’ve been doing, I’ve been doing five times as much walking. General exploring. In the desert areas.  On the mesas. In the inhabited areas. Wherever I’m able to go without the Navajo police stopping me. They’ve restricted some of my movements. They want to know what I’m doing here.  I’ve told them who I am, and they seem friendly enough, and have even allowed me to go into some places other people would not be allowed into. But they have set definite boundaries on my movements.  They also wanted to see the topography maps I’m using. I drew the line there. It’s none of their damn business.  I showed them some of my tourist maps. I didn’t show them the maps I took from Luis’ office. If they’d seen all the notes on his maps they’d have kicked me off the reservation for sure. Because of all this I’ve not been able to make my way into the less populated areas, some of the “secret” places, not without being noticed. 
A temporary setback. Luis was able to move about freely because he’s Navajo. But I’m a white girl, and that really throws them off. They have no idea what to make of me. I’m relishing that experience but I don’t like being held back because of it. So if I am to find what I’m looking for then I must keep a low profile, if that’s possible. Try to make some friends and earn their trust. Let them get used to me being around. I have to find myself a reliable guide, someone who knows the area and the mythology. With a guide I can go anywhere and no one will stop me, providing he is willing to take me. This I’ve already put into motion. I’ve been asking around discreetly. 

June 28
I had the dream again. I’ve had it three times now since I set up camp a week ago. It’s starting to bother me. I’ve been avoiding writing it down. I’m not sure why. But here it is:
…I’m young, about five. I’m in the woods playing with my dolly near a small stream, the one near the house I grew up in. I can hear the water lapping on some rocks. It’s a very peaceful spot. I play here all the time. My house is nearby, so close that I can look through the trees and see a corner of it. If I run down the path I can be standing safely in my yard in only a minute…
…Then the light changes. I look around me and everything in the woods suddenly seems darker. There’s a strange smell in the air, like ozone, or the way the air smells just before a rain. I feel I’d better go home now… 
…Then I hear the sound of distant footsteps crunching the dry leaves somewhere behind me. I look into the trees but I can’t see anyone. But someone is coming, someone big. The footsteps are heavy. They’re coming toward me. I try to get up but I move so slowly. My dolly falls in the water and is swept downstream. I’m crying for my dolly. The crunching of the leaves is louder. I look toward the trees again and this time I see a dark figure coming…

#



4
Luis & Billy 
How Well Did You Know This Woman?

Luis stopped reading and stared at the floor. “Is that the end of the dream?” Billy asked. Luis shook his head uncertainly.  “I don’t know; I think so.”
“What did you stop for?”
Luis shrugged. “Already some mysteries are clearing up.”
“Like what?”
“Like what happened to my maps and my notes. I never did find them. When I returned to the area I didn’t have my original maps, and so I couldn’t retrace my route. I suspected that she had taken my notes, but by the time I had occasion to look for them and discovered they were missing, she’d been long gone.”
“Hmmm…How well did you know this woman?” Old Billy asked, getting up from his chair. “You want something to eat? I’m gonna make some fry bread and have some cheese with it.”
Luis said yes absently, but his mind was on Billy’s question. “Well, I…she was a student of mine. Very intelligent, very, um, forward… Always asking questions. Knew all the right questions to ask. Always seemed to, um, know what she wanted…”
Billy stopped cutting cheese for a moment and regarded Luis. Then he smiled, mostly with his eyes, and said, “Ah…You poked her, didn’t you?”
Luis stiffened at this remark. “What did you say?”
Old Billy made a circle with his thumb and index finger then ran the knife back and forth through the circle several times, with a gleam in his eye. “You know what this means?” he said.
Luis flushed with embarrassment. “I know what it means…” 
“Well, I guess you knew her pretty good then.” He cackled a laugh.
“I’d rather not talk about this with you,” Luis said. 
“How come?” Billy said, “You afraid to talk to your father about fucking a woman?”
Luis was incredulous. He was speechless. He did not ever remember hearing his father use that word, though he had heard Joseph use it plenty of times. But then it occurred to him that he and his father were from different worlds, and certainly he and Joseph as well. He had not seen Billy in a long time. Billy probably used the word as often as anyone. Luis did not consider himself prudish; why then should he care about that? He would never use the word himself, and didn’t. But why should he care if his father used it? Besides, his affair with Annie had surely come from a place of much higher feelings than mere… fucking… “Never mind. It’s just personal, that’s all.”
Billy shrugged. “Okay. If you say so.” He set a pan on the stove and mixed dough for the bread.
“Anyway, why did you bring it up?” Luis asked.
“Because I wanted to know if you trusted this woman.”
“Of course I trusted her.”
“Well, in her own words, she lied to you, and she stole from you. You didn’t find this out until now, forty years later.”
Luis wished he could avoid his father’s gaze as much as he wanted to avoid hearing his words.  He was right of course. “What’s the point?” he said stiffly.
Billy rolled a piece of dough into a flat circle and put it in a dry hot pan. “What’s the point? Ah, I guess there isn’t any point.” 
Luis looked unhappily down at the floor. “I guessed as much back then…I feel terrible about telling you all of this.”
Billy laughed weakly. “What for? I don’t feel terrible hearing about it. I don’t really care what you did with that woman if you really wanna know.”
“You don’t? Funny, you don’t give me that impression at all. I get the impression you care a great deal about my activities with Annie…I mean, with her.”
 “So? I haven’t seen my son in many years, and I’m trying to make up for some lost time. That is what I care about. The woman means nothing. But her story does interest me, especially now. I like a good mystery.”
Billy fried up several pieces of bread and served them on a plate with some pieces of cheese. He set them in front of Luis, who took one and broke it into smaller sections and chewed one inattentively. “I’m gonna have a little whiskey,” Billy said, “You want some?”
Luis looked at him indecisively and then nodded. “All right.”
Billy brought over two glasses and set them on the table and poured a little whiskey in each. They both drank them down, and he poured more. “Were you in love with this woman?”
Luis again avoided his father’s gaze and shook his head. “I was…infatuated with her. Under different circumstances I could have fallen in love with her.”
“You mean if she hadn’t disappeared long ago?”
Luis nodded. “Yes, of course.  And then there’s Joseph’s mother, Helen. I met her a couple of years later.”
Billy nodded. “I liked her. Too bad she had to die so young.”
Luis nodded, remembering the graphic pictures of the car wreckage. A pang of emotion welled up, and he swallowed it down with the whiskey. 
Billy helped himself to some food and poured more whiskey, a swallow at a time. “How do you feel about this woman now? This Annie.”
Luis looked at the book, which now lay on the table. He considered this question seriously. “I don’t know. I’m sorry for her. She didn’t know what she was getting into. And neither did I, apparently.”
Billy nodded and reached across the table to pour Luis another drink. Luis did not object.
“That was only a couple of pages…” Billy remarked.

#
5 
Annie
Hunter of the Hawk

June 29
The desert is such a mysterious place… harsh, lonely… but so beautiful, vibrant and alive…and peaceful.
This evening from my camp I watched the setting sun bathe the desert landscape in gold, browns and reds, casting long shadows everywhere. The moment was still and quiet. More than that, it was solemn.
I drank some coffee and smoked a cigarette, and the only sound I could hear was the hiss of the gas burner on my camp stove heating up a pan of stew. To the far west massive thunderheads were building up, about forty or fifty miles away, probably over the Grand Canyon. The billowy tops of the clouds were still bathed in pure white sunlight, but the flattened bottoms, perhaps a mile or more below, were shrouded in dark gray. Lightning flashed continuously, transforming the translucent clouds into a living being. I heard little thunder, being so far away. This magnificent display took my breath away, and continued on into the evening, lighting up the entire sky. I felt privileged, as if this was happening for my entertainment alone.

July 1
I examined my maps the other morning before setting out from my camp. I drew a circle around the area I wanted to go to, about twenty miles away through rough country with very few roads, then fashioned several alternative routes to that circle. None of them looked good. Most routes were just plain impassable without a horse or a mule. I wasn’t set up for that. 
Three routes led directly across someone’s land. I would need permission from the landowners first. Then, assuming I received it, I would have to trek my way across indiscreetly. Could I do it without dyeing my hair black, darkening my skin, and wearing men’s pants? I doubt it.
I drove around, trying to blend in wherever I went. My hair was tied up under my hat. I stopped to absorb the scenery as much as possible, discreetly taking some pictures. I tried to look like I “belonged” there, but I don’t think I was fooling anybody. Coincidentally, the more I considered routes to the west, the more tribal police cars I saw driving by. It was as if they were reading my mind and hovering nearby like vultures, waiting for me to commit some infraction. As the day wore on, my optimism wore thin, and more and more I had visions of driving away with nothing to show for it.
I stopped along the highway, near one of the routes I was considering. This one, with a back road going in a few miles, cut across someone’s farm. I stayed there for some time, observing the land, the house, checking for activity. Then soon a car drove by and stopped in front of me. It turned out to be the owner, an older man, with his son who looked to be in his twenties. Both were short and stocky. They wanted to know if I was having trouble with my jeep. I said no I was fine, and asked them if I might do a little exploring on their land. I figured I might as well be direct. The old man seemed a little put off, but not much, and much to my surprise, he said it was okay with him, as long as his son went with me as an escort. I asked him how far the back road went and he replied about four miles, and preferred that I go no further than that, to which I agreed.
I drove down the road with his son, taking note of the landmarks along the way, stopping every so often when something looked interesting. When we reached the end of the road I got out and explored. With my binoculars I examined the distant horizon and felt the landscape beckoning. My jeep sat there like an impatient mule, and I was sorely tempted to keep going. The land was flat and drivable. It seemed a simple matter to make my way across the terrain, but I knew it would be unwise to do so without permission. I wouldn’t get very far, even if I went at night.
The young man’s name was Melvin, and he seemed very affable. He kept asking me questions about why I was there. I answered him easily enough, and then decided to trust him a little more at length in the manner of asking him some more pointed questions. He had mentioned, somewhat proudly, that he was studying medicine with an old man named Hosteen Hunter of the Hawk. A very impressive name, so I asked him how long he had been studying with him. Three years, he said. I asked him how much medicine he knew. He shrugged and said not much. He cured a man’s fever once, but he said he had help.
I asked him if he was familiar with ancient sites in the area. “You mean like cave dwellings, villages?” he said.
“Yes,” I answered, “exactly that.”
“Oh sure. There are many of them all around. Anasazai, mostly, around here. Havasupai out west, by the canyon.”
“Which canyon?” I asked.
He shrugged. “The Grand Canyon.”
“What about the Arizos?”
He shrugged, looked down. “I don’t know about them.” (Lying, I wondered?)
“Do you know of another canyon, close by, between here and the Grand Canyon?”
He thought a moment. “Well…there are small canyons, none as big as that…”
“Even small ones,” I asked.
He began pointing to the north, and to the south, to the east. I said no, and pointed to the west, where I wanted to go. “I mean that way.”
He squinted in that direction, as if he might see what I was pointing at. Then he shook his head. “No. There is no canyon over there. It is all flat land.”
“Are you sure?”
“I am sure. I have been that way before.”
We talked a little more, and I hinted that I’d like to use him as a guide, and he told me very bluntly that he was unable to do it, that his father wouldn’t mind, but that his master, Hosteen, might not like it, because the area was considered sacred. "But that is precisely why I want to go there," I said, "Do you think Hosteen would consider meeting with me so I might ask him?”
Melvin thought about this and said he would ask him that very evening, when he would next see him. 
I returned the next day to receive a reply. Melvin said Hosteen Hunter of the Hawk would meet with me in three days’ time.

July 3
We arranged to meet at a local trading post. Since it had one of the few gas stations in the area, I filled up my jeep. It was about 10 AM, and already the sun was blazing hot. So far Melvin and Hosteen were an hour late. I sat in a shady spot next to the trading post, reading a Hollywood celebrity story about Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall.
From the foothills, which rose not far from the rear of the trading post, I heard the clop clop of hooves. I had to lean to see around the corner of the stone building. An old man was leading a donkey. His hair was white, and he looked very old; it was difficult to guess from this distance, seventy maybe. He was thin, almost fragile-looking, as if a wind might blow him away if he were not holding onto the tether that was attached to the bit in the donkey's mouth. But I guessed from the sturdy way he walked that he was strong and able. So typical of the Indians, I thought, and so unlike my culture, where a seventy year old man needs help to get up the stairs, let alone walk up and down a mountainside.
He came around the corner, and passed right in front of me. He nodded to me with a hint of a smile on his face. He did not seem distant, as many others had been even on first sight. "Good afternoon, young woman," he said. I smiled at him. "Good afternoon," I returned. I glanced at my watch, wondering where Melvin and Hosteen were. Perhaps they were not coming after all, I thought.
The white haired man led his donkey a little further and tied it to a post. Now that he was closer, and partially in the sun, he looked much older than seventy, at least ten or fifteen years older. His weathered brown face was a maze of wrinkles. His hair, truly white, was cut to just below the ears. He wore a cotton shirt buttoned at the collar, once white, but long gone gray. His pants were light blue and ragged. He wore sandals, and his feet were wiry and strong looking. He appeared to be chewing tobacco.
"Are you waiting for a bus?" he asked.
I blinked at him. "A bus?...Oh no, there's no bus here..." I stopped, realizing that he most certainly knew there was no bus stop out here. He had been joking. The sudden realization made me laugh. I felt uneasy for being so naive. He laughed with a cackle, and I laughed again. "You look like you're waiting for a bus," he said.
"Do I?"
He mimicked someone looking constantly between his watch and the horizon for the bus. He looked so comical I laughed out loud. "Oh my! Do I look like that?"
He cackled another laugh. "All the white tourists I see are always looking at their watches. Hurry up, it's time to go! Hurry up, when do we get there? Hurry up, how far is it?"
I smiled at him, unconsciously covering my watch with my other hand. "Well, I am waiting for some people, and they were supposed to be here about an hour ago."
The old man spat in the dirt. "Are you waiting for white people, or Navajos?"
"I'm waiting for Navajos."
"Ah...Navajos...If they are young, and have watches, then they are late. If they are old, then they do not know what an hour is." He pointed upward. "The sun and the shadow is their clock."
"I'm afraid my white world could not exist without clocks."
The old man nodded. "That is true. It is unfortunate because time means nothing. Especially when you get to be as old as I am...Are you out here alone, young woman?"
"Yes."
"That is odd. And no man to protect you?"
"To protect me from what?"
The old man shrugged. "Enemies…Witches.”  
At this I sucked in a sharp breath. He patted his donkey and removed a small satchel from its back. "Are you a scientist?" he asked, "You look like a scientist; you don't look like a tourist."
Thank God, I thought. "I'm...I'm an anthropologist," I said.
"Ah...One who records the ways of men, isn't that so?"
"Yes, that's exactly so."
He nodded. "We've had them here before, and many others too."
"Are there witches here?" I suddenly asked. I felt a bit apprehensive about asking, for the subject of witches was a touchy theme to bring up, especially to an Indian man from a white woman, but I felt compelled to take advantage of any opportunity for information. One had to take chances eventually.
I expected him to shrug reluctantly and say no more. Instead, he looked at me as a grandfather might look at his granddaughter who was coming of age. I felt his eyes pierce deep within me, and he revealed a faint smile. "Young woman, there are witches everywhere, even in your land. One must always take care, especially a woman who is alone."
I bit my lip gently, feeling certain I was going out on a limb with my next question. "I have heard they can turn into wolves, or coyotes." 
"To be sure. A powerful witch can turn himself into any shape he desires."
"Is it usually the wolf they change into?"
"It isn't always. Sometimes they become birds, crows or owls usually…Dogs or cats, whatever serves their purpose. But the wolf is most favorable."
"Why is that, old man?"
"Because no one bothers a wolf, unless it is a man with a gun. Even the grizzly bear up north must respect the wolf, which is much swifter. Of all the animals, the wolf and coyote are the most free."
I heard the sound of a truck coming down the road. I looked, and saw Melvin's dirty brown truck in the distance. The old man was moving up the steps into the trading post. "What is your name?" I asked. He stopped and turned to look at me before going into the store. "I am Sam; like U. S.... Uncle Sam." He cackled a laugh and went in. I smiled after him, wanting to ask him more questions, but decided on another time. The storeowner would probably know who he was and where he lived.
I saw a young boy appear from around the corner of the building. He was staring at me. I smiled at him. He looked no more than ten years old. "Hello," I said. He said nothing, only stared curiously. I guessed he had probably never seen a woman with blond hair before. 
I had some gum in my shirt pocket, and I took a piece and held it out to him. "Want some gum?" I asked. "It's good." He looked at it hesitantly, as if he wanted it without having to step closer to get it. But just then the truck pulled up in front of the trading post, and the boy's eyes darted to the figures inside. He ran away.
Two men got out of the truck, and I briefly observed the thin old figure and grim looking expression of the one next to Melvin. I felt a shiver, but I calmed myself and smiled. "Hello Melvin," I said.
"Hello, " Melvin replied, smiling back. 
Back in my own world I would have felt unabashed about reminding them how late they were, but I let it pass. This was not my country, and if the old man was right, then "on time" meant nothing to them. "This is my teacher, Hosteen Hunter of the Hawk, who I told you about," Melvin said, "He is a great medicine man among our people." He turned and spoke in Navajo to Hosteen, who had stood staring at me neutrally. Upon hearing Melvin's words, he nodded to me in a manner of an informal bow, then spoke to Melvin while still looking at me. Melvin said, "Hosteen speaks no English, and so I must speak for him."
I nodded approval. "That's fine with me. Shall we talk here?"
Melvin asked Hosteen, who responded and waved his hand in the direction they had come from. "Hosteen is a private man, and prefers that we walk down the road while we talk."
"Oh...okay. Do you mind if I write some notes down while we walk?"
"You may write all you wish," Melvin said.
We began a slow pace down the dusty road. The sun was hot, and the dust from the truck still lingered in the air. I was feeling the need for a shower or bath to get rid of the grime.
Melvin walked between us, slightly to the rear. I could smell the mustiness of sweat emanating from one or both of them. I felt it belonged to Hosteen, and it was somewhat disturbing. Hosteen was talking.
"He asks if you are a famous writer of books among your people."
"No, I'm not. I've never written a book before. I have written many magazine stories, some of them about the Indians."
Melvin translated, and Hosteen spoke again. "What do you write about the Indians?”
"I write about the Indian’s way of life. The people, the customs."
"Why do you do this?"
I was looking at Hosteen while I talked, and noticed that he kept his gaze ahead of him. "So that others may know," I replied.
"Why should others wish to know about us?"
"Because there are many who are curious about your way of life. My people are very curious about other people."
"Why are they curious about people they have never seen? Are they not satisfied with their own way of life?"
I thought a moment. An astute question, I realized. "I suppose it is our nature to be curious," I said, "We like to compare others to ourselves." As I said this, I realized the looseness with which I used the word "we." I wasn't quite sure whom I was referring to. Was it all the people in my culture? In the United States? Anthropologists? Or anyone but the Indian people? I suddenly sounded so clinical, and wished that I could take it back. I felt that Hosteen sensed this.
"Why should you wish to compare one with the other? If your neighbor has a bigger field, does it not then make you miserable until your field is bigger than his? And then someone else comes along whose field is even bigger. Does it not go on and on in that way with your people?"
"Yes, it does, with some of them," I said, trying not to adopt a defensive tone of voice. "But not all of them."
"But enough to turn a land of wilderness into a land of cities, eh?"
I pondered this question, suddenly very confused. I wondered if he was always angry or defensive like this, and guessed he probably was. It wasn't the conversation I was expecting. But then, there was a broad gap between my culture and his, and many Indians held a grudge against the white people. Get used to it, I thought. “Hosteen, I cannot speak for all white people; that is not why I am here. That is a job for our politicians. I don't speak for anyone. My job is to speak to as many people as possible and write about it. I do what I do for the same reason that you have become a medicine man. It is my calling."
"Your calling? Did a voice tell you to do this?"
"Yes...you could say that. A voice in my head told me that this is what I would be good at. Did a voice also tell you to become shaman?"
Hosteen did not answer right away, but looked as if he were pondering the question. He nodded with a grunt, which I took to mean yes. Then he spoke.
"Hosteen says his voice came to him in the form of a vision. Does your voice also bring you visions?"
"No...no visions...(Just voices and dreams, I thought, and then I heard a voice from my dream: "Would you like to see what I found, little girl?...")...My voice comes to me in words."
Hosteen let out a laugh. It was very brief, but quite to the point. "Words? What good are words? There are many of them always flying around. They change all the time and say nothing.”
“Don’t visions change too?”
“Visions always show the truth. Visions cannot lie.”
“The written word is more specific, and powerful."
"Powerful... Power has nothing to do with written words."
"What is power, Hosteen?"
"Power is that which is inside a man which makes him strong. Power is that which can make him stronger."
"And what about those who are sick?"
Hosteen was silent for a moment. Then he said, "Power also makes those who are sick stronger as well."
"Is it better for a man to make himself strong, or to make others strong?"
"A man must be strong!...It is good that he should be strong, so that he can make others strong if they are sick, but not if they are enemies."
"Do you have enemies?"
"Everyone has enemies."
"Do you know who they are?"
"Some of them; not all."
"But your visions tell you who they are?"
"My visions give me power over my enemies when they do appear."
"What kind of power?"
He did not answer right away. He appeared to be reflecting on this. Then he said, "It is this only a man of power can understand."
I translated this to mean, If you have to ask, you won't understand the answer. Fair enough, I thought. Then I decided to ask a question which had been sitting in my mind since my last meeting with Melvin. "Do you know the one called Thunderwalker?”
He stopped and for the first time looked at me. “Why do you want to know about him?”
“I have heard about him.”
“What have you heard?”
“I have heard that he is a powerful shaman who lives in two worlds. I’ve heard that he lived 1000 years ago. Some say he is real. Some say he is not real.”
“There are always those who do not believe.”
“I want to know where I can find him.”
He laughed, not a hearty laugh, but a weak, almost repugnant laugh. He waved his hand in the air. “He is where all dead men live, in the spirit world.”
“He is dead then?”
Again he looked at me, with a surprised expression this time. “He has been dead a long time.”
“Some say he is not dead.”
Hosteen stopped, but this time he did not look at me. He stared straight ahead. “Why do you want to find him?” he repeated.
“I told you. I’m an anthropologist…”
After a pause Hosteen shook his head. “You may be what you say you are. But you must have a care, young woman. You do not know what you are asking.” 
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“There are men of power, brave men, who whisper his name, and who will not tread upon his ground.”
“Because they are afraid of him?”
Hosteen paused for a long time before answering. “Yes, they are afraid.  But it is also because they are respectful. When you are with someone, and you know they have more power than you, then you will act differently with them. It is respect for their power.”
“Are you sure it’s not just fear of being overcome by their power?”
He looked at me again, deeply. He nodded. “Sometimes it is so.”
Hosteen stopped. I sensed that he was deciding that the meeting was over. He turned around and we began walking back toward the store. I now knew how long this interview would last. “He is still alive, isn’t he?” I ventured. 
There was no answer this time. Hosteen kept walking. “Will you take me to him?” I asked. Hosteen quickened his pace. “I can pay you,” I offered.
I sensed that this interview was over, but when we reached the store, he stopped and looked at me briefly. His dark narrow eyes were cold and distant, like a serpent’s. He looked at Melvin and began to speak. In time he stopped and Melvin took a deep breath before translating. “He says he is not interested in your money. He has one piece of advice for you, and that is to leave. Forget your writings and leave while you still can.”
I looked back at him in surprise; fear was tying a knot in my stomach. “Why? What does he think is going to happen?”
“He does not know. He says only that you do not understand the power you wish to hold in your hands. It will destroy you. It would be better for you to leave.”
Firmly I said, “I’m not leaving!”
Hosteen took one last look at me, nodded, and mumbled a few words before getting back in the truck. Melvin shrugged and smiled apologetically to me, then headed for the driver’s door. “What did he say?” I asked.
“He said: ‘Then you better pray to your gods for protection.’”

#


6
Annie
Buffalo Walker

July 7
I’d like to move my camp.  According to Luis’ map I need to go deeper into the desert, northwest of here and look for specific landmarks. I’m about 20 miles away from where I need to be. But getting there will be difficult on my own. I’m still looking for a guide.
I didn’t sleep well last night. The unpropitious meeting with Hosteen Hunter of the Hawk is still on my mind. Perhaps it is also the excitement of being here, and not really knowing how to get to where I want to go. Perhaps it was the energy from a nearby storm. Perhaps all of these. And then there is the dream…
I had it again. It is unfolding like the chapters of a disturbing book. This time the dark figure emerged from the woods and it turned into a dirty ugly man. He started walking toward me.
Then I woke up…It is always the same scenario, and it is getting to be very unsettling. Is this a warning of some kind? Why does the dream take place at home and not here? 
I don’t want to have to think about these questions. I’ve got too much on my mind as it is, like the Navajo Tribal Police.
I ran into one of them yesterday, Officer John Buffalo Walker.  A young man, nice looking, with short crew cut hair. He’s not tall; he’s shorter than I am, but he’s big, without being fat. I believe he could easily pick up any man around here and send him flying.
It wasn’t exactly a chance meeting. He deliberately sought me out. I’ve been watched from the first day I got here. I can feel all eyes on me. But when I look around I don’t see anyone watching.
I was writing some notes when he drove up in a dusty Ford pickup truck. He got out, didn’t put his hat on. As he walked toward me my eyes immediately went to his gun. When someone carries a gun you can’t help but stare at it. In my case I have a special interest in it. I’m also carrying a gun (stowed in my bag), an Army issue .32 caliber automatic service pistol, given to me by my Uncle John when he returned from the war.
“Hello!” he said.
“Hello,” I returned.
He stopped a few feet away. “Enjoying your stay here?” He was trying to sound friendly, and succeeding.
“Yes,” I answered smiling easily at him. Though I’ve never considered myself a pretty woman, I have an agreeable smile. This I know, and it usually puts men at ease. I turned it on now, and this time was no exception. “I’m enjoying my stay very much. I love this country.”
He looked around and nodded. “It is beautiful country.”
“Get many tourists here?”
He shrugged. “Some. Mostly strays from the Grand Canyon. That’s the place everyone wants to see. You need plenty of gas and water to come out this way, but we get our share. Most folks don’t stay too long.”
“I see.” 
He motioned to my tent. “Looks like you’ve been here longer than the average tourist.”
I laughed. I also have a nice laugh, which works well to my advantage.  “I suppose I have.” I held out my hand. “My name is Annie Weston.”
He shook my hand. “Officer John Buffalo Walker.”
“Wow!” I whistled. “That’s a pretty impressive name, Officer John Buffalo Walker.”
He smiled. A good smile. “Officer John will do fine. What brings you here, Miss Weston?”
“I’m an anthropology student.  I’m gathering some research.”
“Oh. Anthropology.” He said this like I was the 100th anthropology student to show up this week.  “Studying Navajo culture?”
“Sort of a comparison really, of southwest tribal cultures in general.”
“Hmm.” He nodded. There was an uncomfortable silence for a few moments. “Sort of like comparing different animals in the desert, eh?” His smile waned noticeably. So did mine, as I suddenly realized I might have offended him. “I’m sorry,” I said, “I didn’t mean…that must have sounded so insulting.”
A slight smile reappeared on his lips. “We’ve heard it before. We’ve had many others come here and study. You are not the first and you won’t be the last. Only…I’m curious. What do anthropologists say about Navajos?”
I was surprised to hear this question. I was preparing to answer him with a few general facts I’ve learned through perusing the library. But before I could answer he asked, “What do they say about Jews? What do they say about the Negroes? The Chinese? And the Whites?”
I regarded him for a moment trying to read the expression in his face, the demeanor in his voice. He was testing me, this I knew. But would anything I said satisfy him? I decided to take a big risk and throw it all back in his face. “Well, naturally, that all Jews have big noses, Negroes have flat noses, Chinese have flat faces, and Indians have brown wrinkly skin…”
He looked at me blankly at first, as if he wasn’t sure if I was serious or not. “What about whites?” he asked.
“Whites have pimples,” I said.
He laughed. So did I. The wall came tumbling down.
I offered him some coffee, since it was still morning, and he accepted.
He wanted to know about my research in the area. I had a quick mental debate with myself about how much I should tell him. He seemed a nice enough man, and being a member of the Tribal Police was probably trustworthy as well, but I couldn’t tell him why I was there. He’d never have let me go off on my own. On the other hand he might have some valuable information. I decided to tell him a half-truth instead. “I’m gathering information on a prehistoric people who lived here, the Arizos.”
He nodded in recognition. “Ah, yes, the Arizos.” When he said it, it sounded like Ariyos.
“So you are familiar with them?”
He shrugged. “There is not much to know. They are a legendary people, like Amazons, like the Spider people. Everyone hears about them as children.”
“Supposedly they pre-date the Anasazi by a thousand years.”
He laughed. “It could be. But you might have an easier time proving the existence of the Anasazi.”
“But we know the Anasazi existed.”
He looked me in the eye, changing to a more serious tone. He shrugged. “We know someone was here 800 years ago. We think it was the Anasazi. They left scant evidence that they even existed, some tools, some stone dwellings, some pottery. But no bones, no teeth, none. What evidence of the Ariyos do you expect to find out here?”
“Perhaps more of the same,” I suggested.
He smiled apologetically. “Well, conveniently, this brings me to the purpose of my visit. I have heard…from others…that you’ve been asking questions about sacred sites, and about a certain shaman named Thunderwalker…”
“No relation to Buffalo Walker, I take it?”
He laughed. “No relation at all… and, er, other questions. Let me be to the point here, Miss Weston. If you have in mind some kind of archaeological expedition, you will need permission from the Tribal Council, and I can tell you right now you probably won’t get it. ”
“That’s not what I had in mind,” I said. Too late I realized that this was a lie. It was exactly what I had in mind.
He nodded. “Good. Then there shouldn’t be any problems. You do understand that you are restricted from entering certain areas?”
There was a moment of tense silence.  “Yes, I know. But I also understand that if I have a guide I am free to explore the area.”
He gave me a curious look, perhaps wondering if he could trust me on my own at all now. Perhaps I’d already told him too much. He nodded. “That would give you greater access to the area. But you would still need permission from the Tribal Council."
"But they would agree?"
Officer John shrugged. “That would depend on the guide. To find someone trustworthy is not so easy sometimes. And I think I should caution you that it can be dangerous out here, especially for someone who is by herself.”
“Spoken like a true policeman.”
He smiled. “It may sound trivial to you, but I know what I’m talking about.”
“I’m sure you do.”
“We are not all saints on the reservation. There are some who do not like white people at all, and they don’t mind proving it.”
“Do you mean there are Navajos here who would take advantage of a white woman?” 
“There are some, yes.”
I smiled wryly at him. “So there is true crime on the reservation?”
He returned a similar look. “Of course. That’s why I’m here.”
“What kind of crimes do you investigate, if you don’t mind my asking?”
He shrugged; he was probably reluctant to answer, but I was smiling at him, and he smiled back. “We have robberies, small theft; disorderly conduct. Those are the most common ones.”
“Any murders?”
He nodded. “Some.”
“Kidnappings?”
“Yes.”
I was surprised to hear this last. “Really? Kidnappings?”
He looked away briefly; apparently I had touched a nerve. “I’m sorry,” I said, “I’m prying. Part of my profession. Comes naturally, I guess.” 
He laughed uneasily. “It is a sensitive subject around here. You see, many of the kidnappings are children, babies especially.”
“Oh…” I was suddenly stopped in my tracks mentally when he said that. It was the last thing I expected to hear. I felt any joviality draining from the expression on my face, along with the blood. “I‘m sorry to hear that. For what purpose? Ransom?”
He looked somewhat uncomfortable. “No. I mean…What I mean is, I can’t tell you that. I’m not at liberty to say.” 
I nodded to say I understood; but I didn’t. I wanted to know more and he wasn’t going to tell me. Kids were getting kidnapped around here, and it wasn’t for ransom. I suddenly felt a chill run up my spine. “Do you usually, er…catch the kidnappers?”
He looked at me, searching my expression perhaps, before answering. Now I felt uncomfortable. Then he smiled again. “I wish I could say yes, we catch them all the time. But we don’t, not always.”
“Kidnapping a child is positively loathsome!” I said in a sincerely disgusted and angry tone, “I guess people can be dangerous wherever you go.”
He nodded. “We have our bad apples same as anyone. But I’m also talking about another kind of danger you may not be prepared for.”
I stared at him and felt the chill run up my spine again. I believe he was genuinely trying to scare me, and doing a good job of it. “What kind of danger?”
He looked around at the distant landscape. “This is beautiful country, as you said. There is also magic here, and if you’re not used to it, or prepared for it, it can be overwhelming.”
I didn’t answer right away, and I realized after some time that I was simply staring at him. He laughed apologetically. “I’m sorry. I think I’ve frightened you.”
It was probably what he had in mind all along, scaring me enough so that I would pack my camp and leave the next day.  At the moment the thought crossed my mind. “Perhaps you would be my guide?” I blurted out.
I gasped inwardly at this. I’m not sure why I had said this; it slipped out so fast. This man was probably the last person I wanted to have as a guide. Maybe I was trying to throw him off, do to him what he was doing to me. But for a moment our eyes met, and I realized that he was really quite handsome, and it would not be unpleasant to spend some time with him. For a moment he, too, seemed to be considering it. But then he laughed. “I’m afraid not. They keep me pretty busy out here.”
“Oh well, I thought I’d try.”
“Maybe when I retire I’ll become a tour guide,” he said.
I laughed, glad now that it had slipped out. It had turned into a joke and eased the tension somewhat.
He got up. “I don’t mean to tell you your business, Miss Weston. But I think it would have served your purpose better if you had contacted the Council before you arrived. It would have made things easier. As it is now, you can still go through the Council, but I have to inform you, since you’re here on business and you didn’t tell anyone you were coming, there’s no telling how long things are going to take, you know what I mean?”
Suddenly I felt very angry with all of this. “So because I just showed up without telling anyone, they want to slap my wrists and tell me to go back home and try again later, is that it?”
He looked down, probably embarrassed. “That’s not for sure. We don’t make these rules to be rude. We value our privacy here. When someone outside shows up, it’s like someone walking through our back yards uninvited. You’ve been out here for a while. You’re alone. You arrived without any formal announcement. You haven’t declared your visit to anyone here as an official anthropological research expedition.”
I began to see how things were through his eyes. I was the one who felt embarrassed now. I felt my flushed cheeks burning.
“Do you have any official papers on you?” he asked.
I shook my head. I tried to think of an excuse, but couldn’t. I felt too ashamed of myself for not thinking of this.
“Any references?”
I swallowed hard at this. I could have mentioned Luis’ name. But then the police would contact him, and Luis would know I was here and not in Utah. He would know about the missing documents. He would know everything. I wasn’t prepared for that, not until I found what I was looking for first.
“None,” I said.
“Well,” he said, “this is what the Council will look at.” 
“What do you suggest?” I asked, trying to hide desperation in my voice.
“At this point, I’d suggest you go to the tribal office in Window Rock. You need to fill out an application for permission to be here in an official capacity. If you need a guide they will supply one or help you find one, if they approve your application. They will ask you why you are here and what you are looking for. Then they will take this into consideration. If they decide that your expedition is legitimate and honorable, they will grant you a permit. If not…” 
“How long will this take?”
“Could be a week or two. Could be a month or two. I don’t know. They may not grant you permission at all.”
I reflected for a moment. “So you’re not chasing me off?”
He laughed. “No, of course not. As long as you stay in the towns, on the main roads and don’t go into the back country without permission, you’re considered a tourist, and you can stay as long as you like, or within reason.”
I nodded, and made another appeal to him. “Can you help me in any way? You seem like a nice man.”
He smiled, but seemed unfazed by my comment. “If you ask to meet with them, I will give them a favorable recommendation, based on our meeting today. You seem harmless enough. But I cannot promise anything beyond that.”
“Thanks, I appreciate that.”
“I will give you one last piece of advice.”
I looked expectantly at him. 
“Do not lie to them. If you lie to them about anything, they will know.” 

#

7
Annie
Some Wrong Things

July 9
I woke up the next morning with a stiff neck. I was upset. I was angry. I had slept in an uncomfortable position. I had the dream again, and I woke up depressed about it.  As I stirred I became even angrier with myself for coming out here, for being unprepared, for deceiving Luis. Angry at the cop. Angry at the Navajo Nation for their damn rules.  But mostly I was angry with myself. I had done some things wrong. And I had done some wrong things. I felt badly, mostly for being so unprofessional…no, unscrupulous.
There was a thick cloud cover and it was unusually chilly. I put a jacket on and made some coffee. As I sat there drinking I felt only marginally better as I considered what to do.
It seemed certain that I would not be given permission to explore; I trusted Officer John’s word on this. It didn’t matter anyway.  I could not take the chance to go to the Tribal Office and apply for permission to be here, for then they would contact the college and eventually Luis. I was not in a mood to eat crow.  I knew I would have to leave.
But I would not go back empty handed.
I rechecked Luis’ maps and resolved to make one dynamic foray into the wild without getting caught if I could. But if I got caught, then so be it. The worst that could happen would be that I’d be escorted off the reservation. But come what may, I would make the attempt. I wasn’t giving up without a fight, rules or no rules. I packed up my gear and drove off, heading down the main highway.
I drove for about fifteen miles and began looking for a crossing leading onto a private road. There was a landmark, a large boulder on the opposite side of the road, and next to it was a yellow “Cattle Guard” warning sign.  (According to Luis’ notes there were ten bullet holes in the sign.) After a time I came upon the sign and the crossing (and noted with some amusement that there were now 31 bullet holes!). I turned off and crossed over the cattle guard and continued down a dirt road for about a mile and came to a fork, with another dirt road leading westward. I checked the map again. This should be the road. 
I turned onto it and suddenly my rear tire blew out. I cursed loudly and got out. For a minute or so I simply stared at the flat; I don’t know why. Why do people stare at flat tires instead of just getting to it and fixing them? I don’t know. But I set out to fixing it. As I did I soon noticed a cloud of dust on the horizon, coming from a nearby ranch. My heart beat faster, knowing it was probably the local rancher driving out to see who was on his land. The cloud eventually metamorphosed into a noisy pickup truck and the roar of the engine became louder. I had visions of some big fat ugly Navajo man getting out with a shotgun, giving me a thick-lipped lecherous look, and saying something clever like “Well, well, what have we got here?”
When the truck pulled up a man got out, but he was not fat, and certainly not ugly. He was very thin, and very young, much younger than me. He was smiling, and really quite good looking. He had a white straw cowboy hat on, jeans, cowboy boots, and a simple red T-shirt. A pack of cigarettes was rolled in one of the sleeves.  “Hi lady!” he said, “Looks like you got yourself a flat, eh?” There was an enthusiasm in his voice that I liked immediately. I said yes and started gathering the parts of my tire jack, and he said, “Don’t worry, lady, I got a jack right here. You don’t even need to take yours out.” And before I could say another word he had the jeep jacked up and started loosening the lug nuts. “My name’s Willie,” he said, “What’s yours?”
“Annie,” I said, watching him with amusement. He looked no older than 16 or so. I got the spare out for him and he whisked it right from my hands. He was certainly fast and efficient. He’d done this about a hundred times before, I guessed. “You don’t have to do this, Willie,” I said. I had to say something to show I was not helpless. “I have done this before.”
He smiled. “But you’re a woman. Why get your hands dirty? Besides, my brother always says you gotta help a woman in distress. It’s one of the laws of the land.”
My ears perked up at this. “Laws of the land…Really?… Like chivalry?”
“Yeah! That’s it! Chivalry.”
“And your brother told you that?” I laughed.
“Yep. Me and Lupy live over’n that house there. This is our ranch you’re on.”
“Lupy? That’s your brother’s name?”
Willie laughed. “Yeah. Funny name, ain’t it?”
I shrugged, not wanting to offend this chivalrous knight. “When you think about it all names are funny.”
He laughed. “That’s what I think too.”
“If this is your land, then I guess that makes me a trespasser,” I said.
“Ah, don’t worry about it. Ever’body comes through here. Navajos anyway. This here’s one of the main off roads into the wild country out there. Lots of hunters use it. We don’t care much. Out here ever’body knows most ever’body anyway. Don’t know you though. You goin’ out there?” He finished his work and jacked the jeep down. I was impressed with his speed. “Yeah,” I said, “I’d like to go out quite a ways.”
He gave me an odd look. “What for?”
“I’m doing research for…for a college I go to.”
“Oh.” He looked out toward the desert wild and squinted from the sun. “How far you goin’?”
“Well, according to my maps I need to go about 20 miles out.”
“Yeah?” He laughed again, but this time it was an uneasy kind of laugh. “Well, I can tell you this road don’t go that far. This’ll take you about 7 miles and then you run right outta road. You’ll see some wheel tracks goin’ off in all directions, but that’s it for the road. You sure about goin’ 20 miles?”
I nodded. “I’m sure.”
He wiped his hands off on a rag he just happened to have and stuck his hands in his back pockets, as if contemplating all of this. “Well where y’goin’, anyway? Maybe I can help you get there.”
I wasn’t thinking at first. I almost said, “No that’s okay, I can get there just fine.” Part of my natural tendency. Who needs help? Not me, thank you very much. The words almost gushed out of my mouth, but I held myself, suddenly remembering Officer John’s warning. Instead, I experienced a revelation of possibilities pouring in, and I said innocently, “Really!… Well!… that’s very nice of you. Would you like to see my map?”
He did, and in a moment we were looking at a topo map of half the state of Arizona. Without going into particulars I showed him the general area I was headed for. It was really all I could show him. I didn’t know exactly what I was looking for since Luis’ terrain notes were sketchy at best.
I pointed to an area north by northwest of here. “Right around here is where I need to go.”
He whistled. “That’s way out there, that’s for sure. What’re you lookin’ for out there?”
I decided I’d better hide the truth for now. “Oh, boring stuff like rock formations, rock layers, sediment formed by volcanic activity eons ago. That kind of thing…”
He nodded. “Oh…Well, there ain’t much out there ‘cept flat land and mesas. Lotta rocks, though, and plenty of sagebrush, just like here.  In fact, what you see here is pretty much what you’re gonna see out there… But then I guess you’d know what you’re lookin’ for...”
I decided to play my cards. “I could use a guide. Interested?”
“Me?” He smiled and blushed, and I knew he was definitely interested, not necessarily because he wanted to be my guide, but because I had the distinct feeling he had a crush on me. “Yeah, you,” I said,  “Have you ever been a guide before?”
He laughed. “Sure, lots of times, only… not for no woman.” 
“Does that mean you don’t want to do it?” I teased him.
“No, it ain’t that,” he said, looking back at his distant house. “I’d hafta ask Lupy first. He might not want me to go.”
“Oh, I see.” I’d completely forgotten about the brother. “Perhaps he would go too?”
Willie shrugged. “He might.” His expression brightened. “We could go ask him.”
At that moment I heard another vehicle approaching us from the direction I had come. We both turned to see what was coming, since quite a racket was being stirred. Indeed there were two vehicles approaching, two pickup trucks, each pulling horse trailers. Both trucks were raising storms of dust around them. They were headed right for us and it seemed obvious they were going to take the cut off road. They slowed down as they approached and I noticed three riders in the first truck and three in the second. I felt some apprehension at this, thinking they were stopping on my account, but then realized that they probably knew Willie. I looked over at him, and it seemed clear to me that he knew them too. But he was not smiling much. He looked the way I felt. Uneasy. 
The lead truck stopped right behind my Jeep, as if making it very clear I was in the way. Willie waved and walked over boldly to the driver, who leaned slightly out of the window and smiled eerily. “Ho, Willie! What the fuck’s goin’ on here boy? Let’s get this jeep outta the way! We got man’s work to do. Can’t be wastin’ time watchin’ out for no boys…” He looked at me. “…or girls…”  Though I stood still and silent, his deep thundering voice unnerved me, and I cringed inwardly. I hoped that I was not revealing this - I breathed deeply to hide my fear - but I had the impression this man could see through me. His appearance was striking, and bizarre. Each part of his body seemed incompatible with the next part. His jaw was square, but oddly shaped, twisted to one side, as if it might have been broken, not once but several times.  His nose was as sharp as a bird’s beak. And his eyes…Oh God!  His eyes…
“Fixin’ a flat for the lady,” Willie said. 
“Fixin’ a flat for the lady…Well ain’t you the gallant one!…” The others in the truck laughed. “No work today, eh, Willie?” the strange looking man said, “Nothing to do except talk to women on the side of the road …and fix their flats for them?” He looked at me as he said this, and I could not tell if he was joking. His eyes, I saw, were deep dark blue, and ominously black in their centers. The way that they penetrated me made me shiver, and I felt glad that I was not alone here, although if I were going to be in trouble with these men, how much help could a thin young boy like Willie be?
The man wore a flat brimmed black hat with a rattlesnake band, and two black crow feathers. He was dressed as normally as any man might be in this heat, in this region, except for a thick necklace of bones and teeth, which in a ceremony might serve some purpose, but here seemed out of place to me. As I looked more closely I suddenly realized with a shock that the bones were human vertebrae. I was so taken by surprise at this that the longer I stared at them, the more queasy I felt inside, as if the heat were suddenly overcoming me. And then, in an instant, as I looked again, the bones, though appearing human at first, now appeared to be animal in origin, and containing claws as well, large claws. 
My eyes closed briefly to better draw back and regard him again. Though he did not look old, perhaps no more than 40 or 50, he seemed ancient. 
The other two men were still laughing at his remarks. In comparison they seemed boyish and very uninteresting, though their faces were in shadow and I could not make them out as well. They were both craning their heads to look at me. So were the men in the second truck. The sound of restless horse hooves came from the trailers.
For some time, I don’t know how long, there seemed to be a ghastly silence, a pause of some sort that might be a prelude to something ugly about to happen. Increasingly I felt an urge to get in my jeep and drive away as quickly as I could. There was nothing to put my finger on about this. Everyone was sitting almost motionless. Strangely, I felt all eyes on me, and it made me feel very prickly inside, and again I was feeling overcome. Fortunately I stood right next to my vehicle and I reached out slowly to steady myself against it, wondering at the same time what bizarre circumstance was about to unfold with this group. 
I suddenly felt sorry for Willie. This man was obviously testing him and I felt very afraid for him, and that he might get hurt in some way. I managed to tear my eyes away from the intensity of this man to look at Willie, wondering how he would respond to this teasing.
And then I was taken by surprise once again as Willie, whom I expected to be also quaking in his boots, calmly pulled a cigarette out of his shirt sleeve and replace the pack deftly, lit the cigarette with one hand, and then casually flung the stick match, still lit, at the man with the broad brimmed hat, and laughed. The match would have landed on the man’s arm, but the man quickly waved it away in time with a hiss. “What’s the matter, Johnny?”  Willie said, “You jealous? Just ‘cause no women ever talk to you?” 
The man seemed to glare at him. “I’ll kick your puny little ass,” he said. Willie laughed. “You better watch what you say. I’ll get Lupy and he’ll kick all your asses!” He looked at me and winked. “And he can do it too!” 
Suddenly, with that mischievous wink, all my fear seemed to dissipate, and in spite of myself I laughed.
The man also laughed, but it was not a good laugh. He revealed a silver front tooth as he smiled with his crooked jaw. “Willie,” he said, “you’re growin’ up to be an asshole just like your fuckin’ brother.” 
“I guess we’re all in good company then,” Willie said with a cocky smirk.
The man laughed as Willie said this, as if they’d had this exchange a dozen times before. “Asshole!”
“Watch your language!” Willie said, “There’s a woman here!”
The man glanced at me again, and the fear started to inch its way back into me. “So I noticed,” he said, turning to his buddies, “Doesn’t look like one of ours.” They laughed.
“You guys goin’ huntin’ or just drinkin’ today?” Willie said stepping closer to the door, but staying, I noticed, arm’s length away from the man.
The man stared impatiently off into the desert. “Goin’ after a lion if you ever get this fuckin’ jeep outta the way. Got some of my sheep yesterday.”
“Yeah, four.”
“Four?” Willie spat, “That’ll be more than one lion.”
The man smiled and nodded at him. “Good boy, Willie! Heap smart! Now you know why there’s five of us.”
“Shoot!” Willie said, “I knew that long before you told me that. I heard about your sheep. There’s been others too. Been a lot of ‘em lately. Either there’s a lotta lions out there or something else been getting ‘em.”
“Like tigers and bears, Willie Boy?” said one of the other men in the truck. The others laughed. Willie ignored the slight and laughed along. “Ain’t no tiger or bear around here, Snakebelly, or didn’t you know that?”
“Fuck you,” Snakebelly said.
Willie kicked the truck door. “Watch your language! I told you there’s a woman here. Do I gotta go get Lupy to kick your ass?”
The man named Snakebelly seemed genuinely disturbed by this thought and he leaned forward toward me and said “Sorry mam.” I felt so stunned by this that I didn’t know how to react, so I simply waved.
“Could be coyotes,” Willie said.
“Ain’t no coyotes,” the man said. “I’ve seen what coyotes do, and this ain’t coyotes. I ain’t even sure it’s lions.”
“Well what the heck else would it be, rabbits?”
The man regarded Willie as coldly as he might regard a titmouse and then turned his attention to me. “I never met a white woman before,” he said. It was not, I noticed, in the way of a greeting.
“This here’s Annie,” Willie said, “She’s a professor from a college doing some important work around here.”
The man kept his eyes trained on me, and now I fought to keep my fear down. “That a fact.…” he said. “College, eh?”  Now I was feeling angry and resolved to not let this man get the best of me. I stared back at him as neutrally as I could. I simply could not bring myself to smile or even acknowledge his presence. Willie said,  “This is Johnny Bear Slayer. That’s Snakebelly and Freddy next to him.” He motioned to the second truck. “And that’s Jess over there, and Bobby Three Ears,  and Jimmy -Walks- Like- Rooster!” Willie crowed like a rooster, and in the second truck, Jimmy-Walks-Like- Rooster laughed loudly, reached over and beeped the horn. All the other men laughed and crowed like roosters also, except for Johnny Bear Slayer. 
I laughed also, though I must confess it was a nervous laugh. I was still shaking inwardly. I needed something to divert my attention, so I laughed with them. Even Big Johnny Bear Slayer was now smiling and looking at me, though I don’t think he was capable of an attractive smile. I looked back at him, though I wanted to avoid his gaze. He stuck his hand out the window, and something cringed inside me, thinking that he was perhaps going to jump out of the truck and commit some sort of mayhem, or produce a gun out of nowhere and start shooting. It’s funny how some people have that effect on others. But then as he stared at me I realized he was extending his hand to me to shake hands!  I didn’t comprehend this at first until his arm was fully extended and waiting there for me to take his hand. I was so surprised to find myself thinking the worst. Since he had never met a white woman before, obviously he had also never shaken hands with a white woman either. I laughed again in relief and reached out to take his hand. When our flesh contacted, instantly I felt his hand pressing mine as if it were “locking” into place. I don’t know how else to describe it. I also felt intense heat, as if he were holding a burning coal in his hand. I think my mouth opened to scream but I heard no sound come out. The last thing I remember was seeing those blackish eyes trying to undress me, not to simply unlayer my clothes, but to peel away my skin!…
What happened next I might describe as a hallucination. It had to have been, for it could not have been happening. And yet, like so many dreams, it seemed as real as goosebumps. It was not a product of my imagination.
I had the dream again… 
I’m in the woods, playing, close to my house. I’m next to the stream. I’m having a tea party with my dolls…and then I hear the crunching of leaves, footsteps coming closer…I look up and see a shadow in the woods, a man is looking at me…
Suddenly I’m in the dream too, as an adult. I’m seeing the back of the man’s dirty brown coat as he walks toward the little girl. I’m walking along with him. I’m feeling upset and trying to get the attention of the little girl. But she is hypnotized by the sudden appearance of the man, so I try to distract the man’s attention. I cannot hit him or even touch him. I’m trying to walk around him but he doesn’t see me. Neither does the little girl. He comes closer and stops in front of her. Now he asks her if she’d like to see something…something he found. She asks what is it?…Oh God! Oh God, Annie, run away! Run away!…
I try to place myself between the two, but it does no good. The man exposes himself to her and begins to masturbate…It is breaking my heart that I cannot step in and stop this…One cannot change what has already happened.
I awaken remembering…this is not just a dream. There are tears in my eyes. I don’t want to awaken yet, because I know there is more, but it is fading. I can’t remember yet what happened next, except…
…Except I know that it was horrible..

#

8
Annie
Lupy

I heard myself moaning and felt wet coolness, on my forehead and my cheeks. Someone was wiping my face. As I opened my eyes I saw a blurry image. It looked like Willie at first, handsome as he was, with the same long hair. But he was older, more mature looking, and I knew who this was. I said, “You must be Lupy…”  My voice croaked in mid sentence and I coughed the rest. He smiled and reached for a glass of water. “That’s right. That’s me. Can you sit up?”
I nodded and he helped me up. I took a sip of water, then another, then thanked him. I looked around, and for a moment felt queasy again, but it soon passed. “You’re in our house,” he said, “You fainted, and we brought you here.”
“I see.” I brushed my hair back and sat up further, trying to quell the nauseous feeling. I wiped my eyes. They were wet from tears.  “How long have I been here?”
“About two hours,” Lupy said, “Do you feel okay? You were…crying before you came to.”
I tried to smile. “I feel fine…almost.”
He put a hand on my shoulder, lightly. It was nice support. “There is no hurry. Rest yourself. You are welcome to stay as long as you like.”
I looked around. “Am I in your bedroom?”
Lupy nodded. “I wanted to give you some privacy.” He laughed. “And Willie’s room is always a mess. He never cleans up.”
I laughed. From outside the door came Willie’s voice. “Hey, I heard that!” His head appeared in the doorway. “Hi Annie! How you feelin’? Okay?”
I nodded. “I’m okay.”
“Good! I took care of your Jeep. It’s right outside here.”
“Oh thank you, Willie!” I looked at Lupy. “Your brother is so nice! And so gallant to help me with my tire.”
Lupy smirked at him. “Yeah, he’s a regular knight in shining armor around here. But he still won’t clean up his room.”
“Hey, that’s because I have to do most of the cooking around here!…Speaking a’which, I’m cookin’ us all up some lunch. You hungry?”
I had to think about this. “I’m not sure about eating. I was feeling a little sick before.  Maybe I should get up and walk around outside a little, get some air.”
“That’s a good idea,” Lupy said.
“I’ll go with you,” Willie said, peeling off his apron and tossing it at Lupy. Lupy tossed it back at him. “No you won’t. You’re fixing lunch, remember?” He got up and offered his hand. I took it. Willie gave in with an exaggerated shrug and headed back to the kitchen.
We went outside and the sun was so brilliant I squinted my eyes. I reached into my shirt pocket for sunglasses and put them on. As we walked I noticed how much alike the brothers looked. They were about the same height, but Lupy was more filled out than Willie, more on the stocky side. His face, equally handsome, was more rugged looking.
The Sun felt good on my face. As I looked around I recognized little of the terrain; I felt as if I had been out for days. We walked over to a pen with two goats inside. Lupy opened the gate and we went inside. “This is First Man and First Woman,” he said, then winked, “but sometimes we call them George and Martha.” The goats were very friendly and came right over to me. I patted the biggest one, George, on the head, and Martha soon came over to nuzzle. “They are like children, always wanting attention,” Lupy said.
“Do you let them out of the pen?” I asked.
“Oh sure, about half the time. But the other half I want them to know they need to be penned up.” He smiled, and we left the pen and walked a while. “Willie says you’re a college professor.”
“Um, yes, sort of. That’s right.”
“And you want to go out to the middle of the Painted Desert…”
“Yes. To a place which my…er, predecessor visited when he was here…to follow up on his research.”
“What are you researching?”
“Oh…boring stuff like rocks and things.”
Lupy shrugged. “To me there is nothing boring about this country.”
I caught myself. “That’s a wonderful attitude…”
We walked on and then he asked, “Do you want to see a doctor about your fainting?”
“A doctor? Oh no! That’s not necessary.”
“Are you sure? Has this ever happened before?”
“No….” I laughed. “Don’t worry. It was just the heat, I guess. We were all standing there talking, and I was listening to your brother and Johnny whatever his name is.”
Lupy grunted a laugh. “His name is Juan Ramirez. He is part Mexican, part Indian, maybe Navajo. No one knows for sure. Anyway he calls himself Big Johnny Bear Slayer. I’ve always known him by that name.”
“Did he…?”
“Slay a bear? Who knows?… I heard that he killed at least three. Those are real bear claws that he wears around his neck. I don’t think he bought them… I have also heard that a bear almost got him once, broke his jaw in many places.”
“My God,” I said, imagining the scene, “Is he really that strong?”
Lupy didn’t answer at first. He stared out to the desert in the direction I was going, and where the others had already gone. “Yes, he is a physically strong man, as strong as any man around here, but…”
I had reached for a cigarette, and now Lupy reached in his pocket, producing a match. “Thanks,” I said. I offered him one and he took it. We both smoked in silence for a few moments. I was still waiting for him to finish his sentence.  I finished it for him.  “There’s something else about him, isn’t there?”
He looked at me, then back out to the area. “Do you realize where you are going?” he asked. “Do you know what is out there?”
I wondered how much I could trust this man. How much could I tell him? For that matter, how much did I really know about this area? “I don’t know all there is to know. I know what I hope to find.”
“And what is that?”
I smiled. “Lupy, are you worried about me?”
He looked down and shrugged. “You are a woman, and you’re alone. Yes, I’m worried.”
“Because I’ll be alone out there?”
“No, not because of that.”
“I see. Is it because of Big Johnny Bear Slayer and his friends? Do I need to watch out for them?” 
Lupy looked at me and I could see he was trying to read me. “You are a most unusual woman,” he said, “We don’t get many like you around here.”
I smiled. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“What I mean is…you’ve got to watch out because…you stand out in the crowd. You know what I mean?”
I nodded. “I know what you mean.”
“It’s not just those guys. But you’d do well to avoid them if you can. They’re men, after all, and they like to get stinking drunk, and if they come on a woman all alone, that woman better run the other way, you know?…”
I smoked and read his expression. “But it’s not just them…”
“No, it’s not just them. There’s Big Johnny…”
“What about him?”
Lupy took a last drag on his cigarette then mashed it into the ground with his boot. “He is a sorcerer.”
I stared at him, uncomprehending at first. “A what?”
“A sorcerer. He is…a witch. He is someone to watch out for.”
Good God, no wonder!…My mouth fell open, and I began to understand what had happened earlier between us. “Are you sure?” As soon as I asked this I realized what a dumb question this was. This was his home. Of course he was sure. Who would know better? “What I mean is…how do you know this? What have you heard?”
Lupy smiled uneasily. “One hears anything and everything around here.”
“Have you…seen anything?”
“No, I haven’t. I don’t concern myself with those things. I know that those men belong to him.”
“You mean they are his…apprentices?’”
“Yes.”
“And they go out to the desert to cast spells or something?”
Lupy shrugged, then laughed, perhaps thinking how funny it all sounded. “Who knows what they do out there?”
“They said they were going on a mountain lion hunt.”
“It could be. There have been some attacks recently on some of the neighbors’ cattle. It happens sometimes.”
“But it sounded like this was worse than usual.”
Lupy nodded. “Yes, much worse. There has been talk that it may not be lions at all.”
“You mean some other animal has been at work?”
Lupy jammed both hands into his pockets and stared right into my eyes. “Either some unknown creature, or some strange sorcery.”
Again my mouth opened in surprise. This was getting better all the time. I felt goose bumps all over my body, but in spite of it I felt intrigued by all of this. “You mean a sorcerer may have murdered those sheep?”
“It is possible. It has happened before. “
“Someone like…Big Johnny?” I added his name in a hushed voice, as if he might hear me.
Lupy smiled at this. “You are right to lower your voice. They have ears to hear with that the rest of us do not. But I don’t know about Big Johnny. He would not slay his own sheep. But a rival might.”
“A rival? So there are other sorcerers?”
“Of course! There are many. Many Indians study the way of medicine. Some become shamans. Some take a distorted road and study magic, the way of the dark power. Its lure is strong.”
“You mean to say that there is a kind of civil war between witches around here?”
“There is always some… ‘disagreement’  going on. There is always a feud. And there is always a desire for power. It is the same with witches as it is with other men. It is no different.”
“What about Thunderwalker?”
Lupy stared right into my eyes and I knew I had taken him by surprise. I felt he did not want to answer me. “What do you know about Thunderwalker?” I asked again.
There was hesitation on his part, and then quite abruptly he said, “I don’t know nothin’ about no Thunderwalker.”
“But you’ve heard of him?”
“I’ve heard…stories, that’s all. Stories as vague as children’s stories about Changing Woman and Coyote.”
“Is he real?”
“How should I know? Go ask someone who knows.”
“You’ve lived here for a long time. Who else would know?”
“The old men can tell you.”
“The old men won’t speak to me.”
“There’s not much to say anyway.”
“Is he real?”
“I don’t know.”
“He is real, isn’t he? You’ve seen him…”
Lupy looked into my eyes pointedly, not angry, but serious. “He’s a myth, that’s all. A story.”
“Every culture has their stories,” I said, “Every culture makes myths out of real people.”
“They’re just myths. They’re not real.”
“Look, we all know somebody who is so much bigger than life that we make things up about them, until it gets to the point where we don’t really know anything about them, only what we think we know. And what we know turns out to be myth. Isn’t there someone like Thunderwalker who fits that description? Someone real?”
Lupy looked into my eyes, and I read reluctance in his gaze. Slowly, he nodded. “Yes…there are stories of a man… living out there where you want to go. Some say he looks 90 years old. Some say he looks 30. He is ageless. He is the shape shifter. He can look like your own father. So you might see him, even talk with him, and never know it. No one knows how old he is, or where he comes from. Some believe he is descended from earlier tribes and lives in immortality as a spirit. Some say he is living among us as a sorcerer.”
I felt my heart beating rapidly at this. “A good sorcerer?”
Lupy smiled and shrugged, non-committal. “He can’t be any worse than some of the ones we got now.”
Willie whistled to us from the house. Lunch was ready. Lupy nodded his head toward the house. “Let’s forget about spirits and witches for now and go get something to eat.”
“Good idea.” I agreed.
Willie prepared a wonderful feast for us of fry bread, pork, beans, rice, lettuce, and fresh tomatoes. It was so delicious I had second helpings of everything. When Willie tried to get me to eat even more I had to refuse. “I’ll be too fat to fit into my Jeep,” I said.
“Then you can take a good sized helping with you when you leave,” Lupy said.
“Well see, we got that all figured out,” Willie said, “See, we should go with her and take it all with us. That way nothing will go to waste.”
“Go with her?” Lupy said, surprised. “What‘re you talking about?”
“We’ll go with her! We’ll be her guides!”
Lupy laughed. I smiled in embarrassment. ”Well I have to admit, it would be nice to have the company,” I said.
Lupy’s smiled dwindled noticeably. “You mean you’re serious about this?” he said to Willie. And then to me, “Is this your idea?”
I hesitated before answering, trying to read if he was angry, or just surprised. “Well, um, we got to talking about it earlier, when Willie was fixing the tire…I think I mentioned that I’d like to hire a guide to show me the country…”
Willie stood up. “…And I said it was a pretty damn good idea.”
I laughed. “Willie…”
“Well, okay I didn’t say that exactly, but it’s what I was thinkin’.” He drew closer to Lupy. “Why don’t we? Let’s be her guides and show her some of the country she wants to see. Our work is covered here. Ain’t much to do ‘cept feed the goats, and Yazzie down the road can do that. How long we be gone, what, two days maybe?” He looked at me, and I shrugged as if two days might be just fine. In my mind, however, I was thinking at least a week.
“No,” Lupy said, “The work is not covered. There’s lots to do. In case you’ve forgotten, the roof needs repairing, and you’re still in the middle of fixing the truck. There’s farming to do. We can’t let the lettuce go without water for more than a day.”
“We’ll get Yazzie to do it…”
“No! Yazzie does enough for us as it is. Now it’s a nice idea, okay. But we can’t do it. That’s all there is to it.”
“Then I can do it!” Willie said, “I can show her. I’ll be her guide.”
Lupy smiled, but I could tell he was getting ready to declare himself to be alpha dog. “You ain’t goin’ nowhere, little chief. Get that in your head right now.” He looked at me. “I’m sorry, Annie. I hope you understand.”
I nodded. “Oh sure. I mean, it would be wonderful to have two guides as knowledgeable as you, but I understand perfectly. You’ve got work to do, and time is money. Even though you’d be well paid for your time I know you’ve got responsibilities here, money or no money. I started out without a guide and I can go on without one. It seemed like a nice idea at the time, but it’s okay. Don’t worry about it.”
“I ain’t gonna worry about it,” Willie said, “I’m goin’.”
“No you ain’t.”
“Am too.”
“No you ain’t.”
“Am too.”
There was a very pregnant pause. Lupy looked at me. “Annie, would you excuse us for a few minutes?”
“Of course,” I said, “Do you want me to leave the room?”
“Not necessary,” Lupy said, standing up. He grabbed Willie by the shoulder and pulled him roughly along. “We’ll just go outside for a moment,” he said. Before Willie could say another word, or me for that matter, they were both out the front door. Immediately I heard Lupy yelling, but I couldn’t understand him. I strained my ears to hear, but to no avail. And then it occurred to me that Lupy was speaking Navajo! Lupy was chewing out his little brother in Navajo! The thought made me laugh. I wanted to see what was going on, but I felt I’d better hold my position and let them talk it out. 
I heard Willie yelling back, and then the two of them yelled at each other, and I knew that there was more going on here than a simple discussion of whether or not I was to have a guide. I guessed that there were some old buried stories coming out here. I felt badly to be indirectly at the heart of this quarrel, but I consoled myself with the thought that it probably needed to come out and would have, no matter what the situation.
And then I heard scuffling, and a very distinct sound of blows. I winced at the sounds, and wondered if I should run out and attempt to stop it. I felt undecided, and stayed where I was. 
The fighting stopped abruptly and for a moment there was complete silence, until Willie came through the door with blood running down his mouth. My mouth fell open in shock. “Willie! You’re hurt!” I exclaimed. He shrugged like it was nothing, but I could see there was some pain in his expression. I went up to him and held his jaw gently with one of my hands. “Oh you poor thing,” I said. He smiled feebly. “It’s okay, Annie. It don’t hurt. It looks worse than it is.” He gave me a wink. “Lupy just ain’t seen the light of reason yet, know what I mean?” He winked again, and then pulled himself toward the bathroom. I watched him go, and then went outside to find Lupy.
He had gone around back to where to horses were. He looked angry as he busted open a bale of hay, and began pitching it over the fence. He saw me looking at him and stopped. I advanced toward him and he began stacking bales on top of each other. “Look,” I said, “I know this is none of my business, but Willie’s bleeding in there!”
“It ain’t the first time,” Lupy said, “He had it comin...”
“Why did he have it coming?”
“’Cause he didn’t do like I told him to do, that’s why.”
“He disagreed with you! He told you he wanted to go with me! What is so wrong with that? I understand you don’t want him to go, but why do you have to beat him for it?”
He stopped, practically out of breath, and stared at the ground, jammed his hands in his pockets. “Look Annie, we been through this before, him and me. He’s at that age where he don’t listen to nobody, and he ain’t making sense. Somebody’s got to knock some sense into his dang head or he ain’t never gonna learn to think for himself.”
I stayed silent. Lupy stacked a few more bales, and then sat down. I offered him a cigarette, and he took it. I lit it for him. He took a drag, looking away, looking anywhere but at me. Then he said, “He’s my family. I’m all he’s got. He ain’t never had a mama, and our Pop died a few years ago, left us this house. Now I’m his pop, and his mom.”
I nodded. “And his brother…and you’re not much older than he is.”
Lupy grunted. I placed a sympathetic hand on his shoulder.  “I guess you’ve grown up pretty fast the last few years…”
He shrugged. “You grow up fast around here…period. Ain’t no other way.”

#

9
Annie
The Wash

July - I do not know what the date is, or the month.  It sounds silly to write this, and yet I have lost track of the time. So much has happened. So many events…I am impatient. I want to get it all down. But I must be patient, and organized, and record as much as I can in the proper order. If I do not…well, never mind. I have to do this, though my impulse is to start with what happened today and work backwards. I must resist this and record chronologically. I hope it will help me to think more clearly and objectively about all that has happened. Perhaps I will understand it better when I have written it all down. At the very least I hope to retain what is left of my sanity…
I departed Lupy’s house in the afternoon, taking with me a generous portion of Willie’s food for my dinner. Within an hour’s drive I had reached the end of the road. I stared out into the desert, seeing remnants of wheel tracks going off in many directions, including the most recent ones belonging to Big Johnny Bear Slayer and his boys. I was glad to see that their tracks headed in a more northerly direction than I was going. I continued on, and the driving was slow. But that was okay; I was in no hurry. I was more concerned with being careful. I wanted to avoid being seen by anyone. 
Especially the Navajo Police.
I saw some lightning in the near distance, in the direction I was heading. For several moments it flashed intermittently, but not in the way that lightning usually does. There were no brief flashes, followed by a pause and then another, but when there was a flash, it was an elongated streak lasting for a long time. In addition, where there was one, there were several, and then there were none. Seconds later the barrage of lightning started again, then disappeared, and then started again. It was rather like the kind of lightning I remember seeing in the laboratory scenes in the movies, moving slowly, almost deliberately. I was awestruck watching it; I felt the crackle of the lightning deep within my bones as I came closer to it, and the nearer I came, the more I was aware of a feeling of trepidation. My mind warned me to go no further. I halted my jeep, staring hesitantly at the lightning, and for a moment I almost heeded the cautionary words. But I have heard these words before: Be careful. Watch out. Don’t do it. Stop what you’re doing. Don’t ask anymore. You’re not allowed. We can’t authorize that…
I’ve heard them all. I can attach a face to every one of them, and none of them is mine.
The lightning stopped. After several moments it was gone. This sent a fresh warning to my brain. I ignored it. I swallowed hard and pressed on, continuing west by northwest for several miles until eventually I came to a dry wash. 
I checked the map; it was not marked. I got out and walked to the edge of it. It was deep and wide, easy enough to walk across, but not to ride. With the binoculars I checked both directions to discover a way around it. I didn’t see any, so I decided to drive up and down for a few miles in each direction to look for an easier route across. 
The wash traveled from northeast to southwest. I took the southwest direction first and drove for two or three miles with no success so I headed back the other way and still found no smooth way across. I then decided to pick the flattest area I could find and attempt the crossing. I got out and checked the route across, and from where I stood it looked like I would have a good chance of making it. But when I sat in the driver’s seat looking down into the wash, I may as well have been at the rim of the Grand Canyon. I felt my heart beating rapidly as I knew I must make a decision.
I decided to forge ahead, and drove straight down the incline. The gravel was soft and rocky and the wheels spun and the jeep slid many times before I reached the bottom. It was not an easy landing, and I was not looking forward to going up the other side, but I was committed now; I could not stay here. I revved up the engine and charged ahead. I made it up halfway and the wheels spun and spit rock. I eased up and backed down. My heart again began to beat fast, this time with the thought that I might not make it up at all. I tried again in a different spot and got the same results.
I cursed to myself. I drove through the winding wash looking for a better place to exit, but the walls seemed to rise even higher. They hadn’t seemed that high from up top. I made several more attempts, but the jeep was going nowhere.
The only thing for me to do now was to continue to drive through the wash and hope to find a level enough area to drive out. I drove northeast this time and went well past my last survey point, until I was stopped by three huge boulders which had long since rolled into the wash. I could not drive around them. 
I slammed my hand on the wheel and cursed. I sat there, drank some water, then smoked a cigarette and felt calmer. All right, I thought, back the other way. I continued in the southwest direction for a long time, longer than I cared to travel. I felt I was just getting further and further away from where I wanted to go. Finally I stopped, got out and climbed up the side and surveyed the area with my binoculars. But the wash meandered on southward toward the distant San Francisco Peaks. 
I was sorry now that I had driven in here. Too late for that, Annie. I would bite the bullet and drive southward until I found a way out, even if it meant driving hours out of my way. But first I would make one more attempt. I drove along until I found the most level area I could find and took a deep breath and charged uphill. 
Miraculously the wheels found firm footing and I made it all the way up to the ledge. My heart soared as I envisioned the jeep making a spectacular leap out of the wash. But while the front wheels caught the top of the ledge, the rear wheels spun wildly, causing the jeep to skid, and I felt the jeep starting to turn over!
My heart sank. Before I knew what was happening the jeep was rolling over down the bank and there was no way to stop it. I leaped out of my seat and instinctively jumped as far away from the vehicle as I could. I hit the ground hard and rolled uncontrollably down the slope. I heard the sounds of the jeep smashing against rocks as it rolled and I hoped it wasn’t going to blow up with me landing on top of it.
I stopped rolling, landing on my stomach with a grunt, and a mouthful of sand and rock. The jeep did not blow up. I lifted my head to see, and my heart sank even further. The jeep was completely belly up.
I checked myself for injuries; some pain, nothing felt broken. I was scuffed on my knees because I had shorts on, and my left elbow hurt, but I was able to move okay. I got up and walked cautiously toward the jeep, still expecting it to blow up. I tried to turn it over; it didn’t budge at all. Still worried that it might explode, I hurried to retrieve my gear from underneath and salvage what I could.
In a few minutes I sat on the slope with my gear, and glared disdainfully at my jeep and my predicament. 
How stupid of me to drive into the wash like this! But what else was I to have done?
What else? You should have stayed up on the other side and walked the rest of the way, dummy! At least then you’d be able to ride back. Now you’ve got a long walk no matter where you go…
I sat there in gloom for some time. I smoked another cigarette. Then for some reason I remembered the dream and I started crying…
I don’t know how long I sat there. I paid little attention to the time, but I became aware that the air was cooler, and I realized that the sun was close to setting. I dried my eyes, brushed myself off, and realized I hadn’t treated my bloody wounds yet. I did so with my first aid kit, then sat staring again at the overturned jeep, angry with myself for being so foolish. I smoked another cigarette, and in that time I reached a decision. I would walk back to Lupy’s and Willie’s ranch and summon their help. It would be several hours’ walk, but it was the closest place I could think of to go. With this in mind, I packed my gear suitably for foot travel, including my pistol, and then climbed up the slope.
When I stood at the top I looked back down at the jeep, and then at the other side of the wash, toward the open desert, and angry feelings arose in me, and I felt I did not want to go back. 
Leave the damn jeep and keep going. You’ll never have another chance…
Don’t be an idiot! You can’t just leave. You’ve got to stay with the jeep. What if somebody comes by and takes it?… 
Takes it? Who’s going to take it? It will be there when you return. Just leave it there…
No! Go get help…
With a heavy sigh, but resolved, I took a quick swallow of water, shouldered my pack, and set off limping in the direction from which I had come, toward the night’s camp, wherever that might be. I didn’t know how far I could walk. My right leg was hurt; my knee felt wrong. But I did not want to make my camp right there by the wash. The sooner I summoned help, the sooner I’d be on my way again. That much was certain, so I decided to make some distance, pain or no pain. Movement was progress.
I hadn’t gone very far when the pain started throbbing and my limp became more pronounced. I rubbed my knee and winced from the pain. I had not only skinned it raw, but I’d twisted it in the fall. I found a large stick to use as a cane, and it helped somewhat. I continued on.
The pain numbed my sense of time. I fell into a steady painful limp. Daylight gave way to twilight, and then to darkness. I used my flashlight sparingly when I was uncertain of the terrain. I looked up to check the stars. I took note of the North Star on my left, but a cloud clover was moving in and soon blocked out the stars completely. No matter; I had a good sense of direction and continued on.
After a while, I don’t know how long, the pain became almost unbearable, my mood was depressed, and I was getting tired and hungry. I went to look at my watch and realized to my horrible surprise that it had smashed against a rock during my fall and was now completely useless. I cursed aloud and looked up at the sky. I could see few stars and estimated the time to be around midnight. Looking out at the darkened terrain I had no idea how close I was to Lupy’s place. But it was time to stop moving and get some rest and food.
Within a half-hour my tent was set up. My aching knee made the going slow. I checked the bandages and redressed the wound. Fortunately it was not deep, simply a wide scrape. But still the knee had been twisted, which was the source of most of the pain. I smoked a cigarette and watched gloomily as distant lightning lit up the sky all around me, the same kind of lightning I had seen before. I heard no thunder, nor felt any rain. As I smoked I sang a couple of songs to take my mind off of my knee. Then when I could hardly hold my eyes open any longer I curled up in my sleeping bag and fell fast asleep.

#

10
Annie
The Night Visitor

I don’t know how much later it was when I woke up. It was still dark. My eyes had just popped open. I remembered where I was and was preparing to turn over and go back to sleep, when I suddenly became aware of something, some presence, standing outside my tent. I held my breath and felt my heart pounding at the thought that I might be in mortal danger. Slowly I reached for my gun, which I had taken the precaution of removing from my pack before sleep. I pointed it at the tent flap and said, “Who’s there?”
There was no answer.
I repeated, “Who’s there? Identify yourself!”
Again no answer, only silence. But I knew I was not alone. Something was out there. An animal, I thought, but what kind? I made one more warning. “I have a gun! I’ll shoot if you try to come in…” 
I listened for a reply. I heard none; I heard nothing! My eyes saw only blackness. And yet the silence roared, screamed the presence of something sinister lurking outside my tent! What’s more, I felt it coming closer, as if it were floating inches above the ground. For the longest time I was aware only of the silent pounding rhythm of my own pulse…
Then instantly I heard the crunching sound of rocks and gravel, like footsteps quickly grabbing purchase. I gasped, clicked back the hammer, took aim and fired. The gun roared to life and I heard a distinct phut sound as the bullet ripped effortlessly through the canvas.  I quickly sat up, bracing myself for whatever was about to charge in through the flap. 
I held my breath waiting, but nothing came. I suddenly heard the sound of steps running away!  I felt myself shaking, my heart pounding. 
Annie, you fool, get up and go after it! You must find out what it is!… 
I scrambled out of my tent, searching frantically for my flashlight. When I found it my hands were shaking so badly I couldn’t even turn it on at first. I charged boldly out of the tent and stood up, fanning the light around me, my trembling gun at the ready. I saw nothing, heard nothing. My widened eyes peered through the darkness, wondering which way it had gone. I looked down at the ground and saw clear impressions of paw prints leading away and to the right! “Oh my God…” I said. I followed the tracks as best I could. They were clear in places where the ground was soft and sandy, but the terrain was equally firm and rocky in spots. I picked up the trail again twenty yards further and followed the huge prints past a small grove of juniper trees. And then I stopped and shined my light where the creature had dug into deeper sandy soil and begun to sprint, and I felt a dry lump in my throat. 
Etched into the sand, more clearly than I wanted to admit, were the imprints of human toes running away into the night.
I returned anxiously to my tent and smoked a cigarette to calm myself and stand guard in case the intruder returned. When I finished my smoke I sat inside, curled up in a seated position with my gun at the ready, my flashlight within arm’s reach, and maintained my vigilance until I eventually succumbed to sleep.
 I awoke lying on my side in a fetal position, my hand still on the gun. I woke up with a start, confused at first, then remembered where I was, and, relieved that I was safe for the moment, I crawled out of my tent, stood up and stretched stiffly. I felt tired and wasted. However, my knee seemed to be better. The pain was not throbbing now, but more like a low, dull ache. I walked around on it, and it seemed strong enough to handle the journey. It would have to; I did not intend to remain in this spot.
It was lighter outside; I assumed the time to be early morning. Since the sky was overcast I could not be certain of the sun’s position. I ate some of Willie’s food for my breakfast, packed up my gear and began walking. I followed the tracks I had seen earlier to see where they might lead, but I soon lost the trail, and so I continued in the direction toward Lupy’s land, limping along with my walking stick, less painfully than yesterday.
In spite of my hobbling, I fell into a quick rhythmic pace. As I walked, my body felt like a high-tension wire. My eyes darted left and right constantly, alert for any movement on the horizon from intruders, animals, lions, and wolves… (Werewolves?)… or sounds of pursuing footsteps. I often looked behind me. My pistol was holstered at my side and it was reassuring to feel it against my hip.
I thought about the creature outside my tent, wondered what it was. I guessed it was a wolf, judging from the paw prints, but the transition to human footprints was unsettling. Could there have been two visitors, a man and a dog? It was possible. I shot at whatever it was, and if I had hit it…well, I had seen no blood. Still I had fired at it. The creature had made no sound whatsoever. If the visitors had been a man and his dog, and harmless visitors at that, would he not have shouted out? Would the dog not have yelped or barked? Why would they run? Because of this I felt reasonably certain that the visitor, whatever it was, had been alone.
I thought of what the old man and Lupy had said about witches and shape shifters. If they were right, though my skepticism reigned and I doubted that they were, then the creature might be a witch. Perhaps the “witch” had come upon me unexpectedly, wondering who I was. Perhaps it now considered me harmless.
Except I had shot at it. It would not consider me harmless after that. Questions rolled through my mind: Was the creature human or beast?… What did he want?…Had I frightened him off? Made it angry? Was it now off nearby planning some revenge? Was it a witch?
Would it return?…
I referred to the intruder as “him,” and then “it.” The fact is I wasn’t sure what it was. I’ve been studying Indian cultures for years. I’ve studied beliefs and superstitions, ceremonies celebrating, summoning, and exorcising all manner of deities and spirits, even observed some of them. Though I have always found them fascinating, this incident reminded me that I had always been a safe distance away from them, and impelled me to ask myself if I have ever really believed any of it. Have I ever, even remotely, believed in witches and gods? 
Until that event, nothing of what I had seen or read had ever convinced me that any of it was real. I believe witches exist, but only as people who have the audacity to think they are powerful enough to summon supernatural powers. I did not really believe they possessed any more natural power than charisma. They were simply deluding others in a successful manner, and I suppose in some cases deluding themselves as well. Those in positions of supernatural power are there not because they have more supremacy than anyone else does, especially supernatural supremacy, but because they have convinced others that they are more powerful, that they are capable of controlling nature. They looked for signs of the supernatural in what they did, and of course they found them, because they wanted to find them. They wanted to believe. 
As for the gods…I believe that there is no “loving God” as Christianity teaches. There is an “intelligence” that manages the world, but it is a neutral force, completely dispassionate. It cares not whether I live or die. It is big, vast, and incomprehensible. Its purpose, I suppose, is to maintain the random chaos of nature in some orderly fashion…
I guess that makes me an agnostic.
In such a state I walked on and on, my mind tossed about by my logical arguments and my illogical fears. As I pressed on I became hypnotized by the rhythm of my limping gait. After a time my knee became too sore to walk, and I rested.  I looked around me, and thought that none of my surroundings looked familiar. I saw no landmarks that I had seen before. I looked up at the sky, and still the overcast hid the sun, though I guessed the sun to be directly overhead. The air was warm, but not hot. There was no breeze at all. I looked through my binoculars for signs of a road, or any house, but I saw nothing except desert terrain, scant numbers of sage brush, juniper trees, yucca, cactus. I looked around attempting to find the San Francisco Peaks but there was heavy cloud cover on all horizons.
With a sigh I rested, and tried not to conclude that I was lost. I would simply restore my strength and go on. That’s all there was to do, to stay where I was…and then go on. I didn’t want to think about anything else.
I resumed my journey eastward, or what I thought was eastward. In truth I was unsure. I made my best guess based on what little shadows I could observe. Given that I had lost my watch and compass I could no longer be certain of my direction. I was not bothered by that so much, since in reality I was not far away from where I had started. I was bothered by the fact that nothing seemed familiar to me. I walked and walked, and watched the terrains pass by, but something was different about it all. Even the sound of my footsteps seemed different. My limited water supply was a main concern also. I assumed that I would reach Lupy’s house soon, within a few hours, but now I wasn’t even sure of that anymore. It was very possible that I might run out of water before I reached there. Buzzing now in my mind like a suddenly appearing gnat was the fear that I might not reach there at all. 
I brushed that annoying insect away and continued on. In time I saw a landmark and for a moment my heart leapt with joy! I had found another dry wash! At least now I had another landmark to check on my map. I hurried on as best I could and when I reached the wash, I saw that it was also fairly wide and deep, like the last one. My joy was short lived as I walked along the top ridge of the ravine. I was looking for familiar landmarks, and now I had found them. I stopped and looked down into the wash at my own jeep, which still lay upside down. My heart beat rapidly and an uneasy feeling sank slowly in my gut as another layer of my optimism was scraped off with the realization that I had been traveling in a circle. But there was something even more disturbing than this…
I was now on the other side of the wash from where I had started!
#

11
Annie
Not in Kansas Anymore

My eyes were glued to the jeep. In that moment my strength ran out of me and I dropped to my knees in a state of deep confusion. I felt so depressed I wanted to cry, but no tears came.  I was numb with shock. How could I have gotten here? Had I been walking along so blinded that I didn’t even realize I was not walking in a straight line? Had I been so oblivious to my surroundings that I had crossed the ravine without realizing it? How could that be? My mind raced for answers. It was possible. I had heard of transitory conditions in some people, temporary insanity, forgetfulness, momentarily hypnotized or distracted so intently by something that certain details are completely missed, like being so intent on something that one fails to hear someone enter a room and remains unaware until the person speaks. Things like this seemed normal enough, though I could not recall having experienced it before. But thinking back, I felt that I had been very calm and clear-headed regarding my situation. I had been worried, true, but I had felt no panic. How, then, had I escaped seeing all of this? How had I gotten here?
It was at this point that I suspected that, like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz, I was not in Kansas anymore. I didn’t know what had happened, or how I had gotten here, but suddenly things were not as they appeared to be. My reality was somehow skewed, twisted. What had happened? I kept thinking back to some point where I had made a wrong turn without realizing it, but nothing was coming up, except witches. I was beginning to feel that maybe witchcraft was at work here, that it was possible after all. Perhaps my blindness was in assuming all these years that witchcraft was a bunch of nonsense. Even so, something in me was not convinced. There had to be a rational explanation for what was happening. My mind rebelled at the thought that anything beyond the ordinary could be happening here. Besides, at the moment I was too tired and in too much pain to accept any non-rational explanations. Right now all I wanted to do was get out of here.
I sat for several minutes, fuming inside. I rubbed my knee to ease the pain, smoked the last cigarette in one pack – I now had one pack left, and that was also making me uneasy – and after I had finished I decided to make another attempt to find Lupy’s house. I didn’t know how I had gotten turned around, but it wouldn’t happen again. I would stay alert and attentive to my route.
With that I stood up, steadied myself with my stick and carefully made my way down the slope of the ravine. I stopped by the jeep and stared at it for a moment, then tapped it with my stick to make sure it was really there.
I hobbled up the other side and made bearings of my position as carefully as I could, considering there were few landmarks to use. I calculated east and set off.  I found another stick and dragged it along behind me, turning around every so often to see if my dragline was straight.
I walked on, forcing myself to be alert to my path, not looking around for possible attackers this time. I no longer cared about that. At this point I relished the idea of running into someone, anyone, even an animal. There was nothing out here, not even a bird, which suddenly made me even more aware of my unusual predicament. I expected to at least see some birds out here, crows anyway, although there were no hills or trees around for crows to nest in, so why would they be out here?…I stopped and examined the ground. I saw no bugs, no ants. I looked long and hard, expecting to see something. Surely there were ants around here. There were always ants in the desert!
Nothing…It was as if the entire area was dead.
I moved on. In spite of my efforts to remain alert, my thoughts drifted. I kept shaking myself awake. I stopped again at one point and checked my dragline. My heart froze for a moment when I saw that the line was indeed curved. Somehow I was walking in a circle. I cursed, yelling something nonsensical, slapped myself in the face to wake up, and then jumped around as best I could to get my blood circulation moving. Somehow this area was fogging my mind and “preventing” me from walking in a straight line. But if I could remain awake and force myself to maintain my direction…
In time I came again to the wash. When I first saw it I was reluctant to continue. I did not want to see it; I did not want to acknowledge its existence. Despair oozed over me like sticky oil. I knelt down, weary, loath to even approach the edge, knowing I would see my jeep still there. But in time I got up; I had to know. I went closer and stood on the edge of the ravine.
There it was.
I was suddenly very exhausted and emotion overcame me. I fell to the ground, and this time my emotions did not hold back. I cried rivers of tears, tears of confusion, tears of anger, tears of regret. My body heaved and shook as I cried and pounded the ground.
I lay there for a long time. I don’t know how long it was. But when I looked up, I saw that the afternoon light was giving way to twilight. The blasted cloud cover was still there, and I felt more strongly that there was witchcraft at work here. There was nothing ordinary about what was happening. My predicament was not due to confusion about my bearings. The land around here was spacious, with towns and ranches far apart, and it was practically impossible to get lost around here unless one was exploring a canyon or hiking in the mountains. Therefore, I concluded, if sorcery was real, and I was still here, then someone or something wanted me here.
I took my gun out and checked the chamber. I already knew how many bullets were still in there, but the feel of the gun metal in my hand was reassuring. I was tempted to stand up and have some target practice, just to hear another sound and blow off some steam, but I decided I’d better save the ammunition. I might need it.
I decided I might as well make camp here. I was too tired and sore to walk any further. While it was still light I set up my tent and ate the remains of Willie’s lunch and a couple of sips of water. Afterward I smoked a cigarette and stared absently at the approaching darkness. I was apprehensive about the possibility of meeting up with the creature again. But as I took stock of my situation, and all the unknown factors I was suddenly dealing with, I was actually looking forward to confronting the creature, confronting something, for the possibility of gaining some clues about where I was. I found that I was not so worried as I had been earlier that day. Perhaps I was simply so overwrought that I was much too tired to care anymore. The only frustrating part of all of this so far was that because of all the unknowns, I couldn’t formulate a plan of action. How could I plan what I intended to do from now on? I tried to think this through and ended up simply shaking my head from the irony. I almost laughed. What was I going to do tomorrow? Well, let’s see: Day one, try to find my way out of here; Day two, try to find my way out of here; Day three, try to find my way out of here…Or why don’t I just walk around a little, and see if I can find my jeep by walking in some other direction. Perhaps tomorrow I’ll try North; maybe I’ll come back from the South. Then after lunch I’ll go Northwest, and come back by…
I interrupted my train of thought and felt a pounding in my head… I suddenly realized I ‘d been holding my gun in my hand for some time.  I couldn’t remember taking it out of the holster, or how long I’d been holding it. Was I then losing my grip on reality after all? I looked at it and thought of Uncle John. I admired the shape, felt the warmth of the metal against my skin, felt its weight in my hand. I hefted it and sighted down the bore at a distant juniper tree, barely visible now with the darkness all around. I pulled the hammer back and gently felt the trigger between the folds of my index finger, as Uncle John had taught me to do many times…

*     *     *

“…Gently, Annie, gently. There’s no hurry in shootin’ this thing, unless of course if someone’s about to shoot you first! But that’s another story. You gotta learn to do it right before you learn to do it at all, you know what I mean?”
I nodded eagerly, smiling in delight, thrilled to receive this pistol as a present. I secretly loved guns and had always wanted one of my own. Somehow Uncle John knew about this. He taught me to hold it properly, to steady my arm when taking aim, and hug the trigger…
“That’s right, Annie, hug the trigger. Don’t pull it! Don’t even squeeze it! Even though that’s what all the manuals say. Just feel the skin of your finger touching both sides of the trigger, and then let your finger hug the trigger. The gun’ll do the rest…”
I remember smiling at him, the sweet coy smile he always liked whenever he came over to the house for Sunday dinners. I was his favorite.  I gave him the same sweet, not-so-innocent smile and asked him if he’d ever shot this gun in France when he was there. He laughed and said “Honey, I shot it plenty! I shot road signs, whiskey bottles, and even shot it, heh heh, over the heads of some unruly, er, French bar patrons when they were upset about my carrying on, er, talking to some lady, I mean French patriot…heh, heh, but that’s another story…”  
I asked him if he’d ever killed anyone with it. 
Suddenly his brow furrowed deeply, and I felt abashed. I don’t believe I ever saw him look that way before. But, as quickly as the look had come, it was gone, and he simply smiled back at me. “Annie,” he said, “Sometimes I think the Good Lord put a little more of the devil in you than most people. Y’got grit, kid! You know that?”
I shrugged. I wasn’t quite sure what he was talking about specifically. But I knew he was right. I’d always known it.
He gave a short laugh. “Annie, I’ll tell y’true. I never shot anybody with this pistol. Never!… If I had…well, I’d never have given it to you, you know what I mean?”
I did…

*     *     *

My finger hugged the trigger and the gun cracked. I felt the recoil, heard the distant sound of wood splitting, and I stared into the darkness for a long time afterward at the nearly invisible Juniper Tree. I turned the shaft just below my eyes and peered down into it, something I would normally never have done with live ammo in it. I stared somewhat hesitantly into the dark bore, brought it closer to my face and sniffed the gun smoke. I have always liked the smell. Then I replaced the safety, gently holstered the pistol and continued to stare out into the night. “Good night, Uncle John,” I whispered.
I lit another cigarette and tried to quiet the jumpiness of my mind. As I stared into the darkness I listened to the night, trying to hear anything out of the ordinary, or anything familiar. Everything seemed so un-alive somehow, and yet…there was something there…
I remember once long ago, when I was a young girl, sitting in a park somewhere, looking at some people through binoculars. They were too far away to know I was watching, and I observed a man reading a book. He was absorbed in his reading when I first settled the binoculars on him, but after a short time, no more than a minute, he looked uneasy, fidgeting every now and then, trying to find a comfortable reading position. Then he looked up; he looked around him, then he looked straight at me, and I remember being frightened because I was sure I had been spotted, and I quickly put the glasses down. But after a moment, when I looked again, he had gone back to reading, and I realized that he had not seen me. But I think he knew, unconsciously, that he was being watched. 
Right now I felt just like that man...
Darkness came in full force once again. The lightning storms continued also. As before, they were all around me but never quite approached. Impressive to see, only now I was more wary of them, because they were apparently connected with my predicament.
I sat for a long time, staring at the lightning display, and thinking of Luis. I felt badly, thinking of how I had deceived him. I didn’t want to. But on the other hand, we made an agreement and he backed out of it, for no good reason other than he was afraid to come here. At the time I couldn’t have understood that. But now I realized there was more to his fear than I had guessed.
I reached into my pack and pulled out The Artifact, wrapped in a red scarf. Luis’s Relic. His souvenir. I stared at it regretfully, knowing how important this was to him.
And I had stolen it from him.
#

12
Annie
The Artifact

Here’s a little history lesson about Luis and me:

May 27 - Luis informed me there will be no expedition. None. His reasons? No good ones, in my opinion, other than he is afraid of reprisals from the Navajo Tribal Council. I don’t understand this completely, because Luis left the Navajo tribe years ago. He considers himself Navajo in name only. I don’t think he cares all that much what the Council thinks…But now he seems genuinely convinced that…
But wait. I’m getting ahead of myself. Back up, Annie…to last week...
Luis told me our grant money fell through. There is no money at all. The expedition is canceled!  And that means no publication in National Geographic! We were both very upset…
While over at his office he showed me the maps he had made of his route to the canyon, sketchy though they were.  He was visibly upset as he described once again how nearly impossible it would be to get any sanction for this latest expedition. As I was looking at the maps, plans formed in my mind. I had some money, not much, but enough to form a small expedition. I offered this to him, and for a moment he looked hopeful, but then said that the money was not the only problem, that the Navajos were also concerned about bringing outsiders in to explore an area which was technically on boundary lands between theirs and Hopi area. The Navajo Tribal Council had decided that they would not condone an expedition, led by Luis or anyone else, especially as it was not profitable. He was welcome to risk coming by himself ( Risk?… It didn’t occur to me until later to wonder why he had used that word…), but not in collaboration with any university or school, nor would he be allowed to publish any findings officially. In other words, no guarantees, no promises…
The problem, he said, was that the Tribal Council was not completely aware of the purpose of the expedition. He admitted to me that they had good reason to be skeptical, that he had not been completely up front with them, for fear that they would prevent him from exploring further and discovering new artifacts, which is exactly what they were doing. I put a bug in his ear about this, saying that no expedition could be 100% ethical in these matters, and that to make it work we might have to “concoct” a good reason for being there, even to pretending we were married if need be, to justify my presence. Besides, I felt that the bottom line here was money. It was always money. “Like any businessmen, they’re looking for a way to make a good buck out of this!” I said, “Not that they don’t believe in their heritage, or shouldn’t reap the rewards in some way, but it only makes sense they’re going to insist on far more than they think they can get!” I was a little surprised to hear myself say this; it sounded so callous, which is not the way I intended it to sound.  Luis looked at me with a shocked expression. He became morose after that and asked me to please leave him alone. I left reluctantly, and in much confusion. Later that evening he called me and apologized, asking if we could get together. We did, meeting again at his office, and we split a bottle of wine and after a long time of beating around the bush, (several months, in fact), finally made sexual overtures to each other in a most quiet and passionate way. I was wrong about his being a cold fish. Though we did not make love we came as close as one can come, pun intended. As we lay there in a sort of afterglow on his couch, I lit a cigarette and made an attempt to resurrect the expedition. We drank some more wine and talked about it almost all night. Luis admitted that everything I’d said had also been on his mind, but he had not been honest enough to admit it. He became excited about the prospect once again. He said we could make a base camp at his father’s place and set out from there.  If we timed our arrival right, hardly anyone would know we were there. We even discussed the route we would take.  When I left his office in the early morning we had agreed to do it.
Two days later we made arrangements to meet at a quiet restaurant to celebrate. But when we met, something had changed. There was a look in his eyes, a look I hadn’t seen before. A door had slammed shut somewhere. At first I said nothing. One thing I was learning about Luis was that he was moody. I tried to get him to do most of the talking. Even so, he wasn’t saying much. 
I tried to get him to talk about his experience in the canyon. He was sketchy about it and kept changing the subject to another site he wanted to visit in Utah. He said he had plans in the making for an expedition there, which completely took me by surprise, and I asked him what about the expedition to Arizona, and he responded that there would be another time for Arizona…
He seemed unusually nervous. He drank more than usual, (martinis, of all things!… I’d never seen him drink martinis before). I was shocked. I watched him drink two of them in ten minutes while we made small talk about classes, and I finally asked him point blank, “Luis, what’s wrong?”
“What do you mean?” he said, stirring the olive in his drink. He kept his eyes down.
“Something is wrong. What is it?” I reached out and gently grasped his chin. He was now forced to look at me, and I leaned forward and kissed his mouth, then sat back and smiled knowingly at him. Of course I knew something was wrong. How could I not? Luis was like an open book to me by now. He smiled back in a kind of surrender, took another drink. He looked away like he was thinking about how to give me the news, and then said, “I’ve been thinking of Utah…”
My eyes widened at this. “Utah? What do you mean?”
“There is a site there that I’ve been wanting to visit, and it falls in line very closely with the research I’ve been doing up to now. It is a good place to go to…”
“What about Arizona?”
He shrugged. “We must wait on Arizona.”
“Wait? Why?”
He looked down. “Things are just not falling into place. It doesn’t seem like the right time. The money…”
“There’s no problem with the money!” I exclaimed, “I’ve got all the money we need for this trip! We don’t need anything fancy, and there’s only you and me, and maybe one other person. I can handle that.”
“Nevertheless, the timing…is not right.”
I sat back and observed him mutely as he finished his drink all too quickly and ordered another. The waitress asked me if I wanted another; I shook my head, keeping my eyes on Luis. “What has happened?” I asked, coaxing him. 
“What’s happened?” he laughed. “Nothing has happened…”
“No. Something has happened, my dear Luis. Why won’t you tell me what it is?”
He laughed again, a nervous laugh. “Because there’s nothing to tell.”
I sat back, pouting at him. “Now I’m hurt,” I said, “because you are lying to me.”
He leaned forward and grasped my hands. “Lying? No, Annie, no!  It’s not that. It’s just that there are…complicating factors at work here.  My feeling tells me that Utah would serve our purpose far better than Arizona right now. Arizona can wait. Please believe me; there is nothing to be overly concerned about…”
Another drink came and he started on it. We sat there in silence for a couple of minutes.  “What complicating factors are you referring to?” I asked.
He was about to answer, then stopped. “Let’s talk about something else.”
I lit a cigarette and glared at him. “You want to drop everything, all of the planning we’ve done…”
“The plans remain the same, with some minor adjustments, only for Utah instead of Arizona…”
“A pretty major adjustment, Luis. We’re no longer looking for a mystery canyon…”
“There is plenty of evidence to suggest that the Arizos migrated through Utah before settling in Arizona. I want to look for the evidence.”
“What about the canyon?”
“It will still be there.”
I was silent again, staring at him. “You don’t want me along, is that it? You’ve found someone else to assist you.”
He looked astonished. “No! Of course not!” He reached out and took my hands in his. “I want to work with you! You’re bright, efficient, strong, sensible, and I know you have a great love for the work…”
“…And you love me…” I added in a sly tone of voice.
He blinked at me in surprise and blushed visibly. He took another drink and said, “Yes.”
“Yes what?” I teased.
“Yes…and I love you.” 
I smiled at him. He had never said this to me before and it was nice to hear, in spite of the upsetting news. “Okay,” I said, “Just tell me something. It’s not the money. Just tell me what the complicating factors are. Then we can talk about something else.”
He became silent. I asked, “Has something happened? Has someone talked to you, persuaded you to change your…our plans?”
He sighed. “No.”
“Then why won’t you stop beating around the bush and tell me what it is?” I said, almost yelling. Others glanced over when I’d said this. “Please keep your voice down!” Luis said.
“I’m sorry,” I said, “I just want to know the facts.”
“The facts are simple. It would just be in our best interests to forget about Arizona right now and pursue it later. My research has convinced me that Utah is better for us now. Just for the summer. Then perhaps in fall or spring…”
“You don’t trust me.”
“Of course I do.”
“Luis…I’m going to be honest with you. I don’t believe what you’re telling me.”
“Annie, I‘m not trying to lie to you…”
“I know. You don’t want to lie to me, and maybe technically you’re not, but you’re still deceiving me. There’s something you’re not telling me, and that hurts me.  And you know what? If this is the way it’s going to be, then maybe we ought to just forget about the whole thing.”
“No!” he said pleadingly, “No, I don’t want to do that! I want you with me. I’m convinced of that.”
“Then you’ve got to trust me a little more, Luis.”
He looked down at the drink in his hands. “Luis,” I said, “Are you afraid that something is going to happen if we go to Arizona?”
He gave an uneasy laugh, and now I felt we were getting closer to the truth. “That’s it, isn’t it?”
He looked at me, gently rubbing one of my hands. “All right,” he said, “Here’s the truth. Yes, I don’t want to go back to Arizona just yet because…it wouldn’t be prudent just yet.”
“Why not?”
He swallowed hard. “Because the last time I was there…something happened.”
“You told me you had gotten lost…”
“Yes, that did happen. But while I was looking for the way out, I found something…”
“An artifact?”
“Yes.”
“And so…” I coaxed.
“I took it…”
I looked at him uncomprehending at first, and then shrugged. “Okay. You found a souvenir, and then you took it. So what? That’s why museums get built.”
“This is no ordinary…souvenir.”
I felt a tingle rush up my spine when he said this. “Luis!…” I said in a hush, “I’m intrigued! What did you find?”
Luis quickly glanced around us, then surreptitiously reached into his coat pocket and produced a small Marshall Fields gift box, about 4 inches wide and 10 inches long. He placed it on the table. I was surprised. “You have it with you? What is it, a tie from Marshall Fields?”
He smirked at my joke.  “Believe me,” he said, “The choice of box was intentional. I’d prefer that others think I bought this as a gift, if it becomes necessary to explain. For the moment, I keep it with me at all times. I dare not let it out of my sight.”
“Good God! What is it?”
“I will show you.“ He removed the lid and inside was an oblong object wrapped in a bright red silk scarf. He carefully lifted it out and placed it down in front of him. Again he looked around. “I don’t want to take any chances,” he said, “No one else must see what I’m about to show you.” He slowly and carefully unraveled the scarf, revealing what I could only describe then as a knife, made out of glass...or diamond…  “Oh my God!” I whispered, trying to contain my excitement.
“It is a dagger,” Luis said, “Made of quartz crystal, pure, clear, and naturally formed.”
“It’s beautiful!” I exclaimed. I reached out to touch the blade, and Luis stopped me. “No! Don’t touch it!” I drew my hand back, looking at him questioningly. He smiled somewhat in apology. “I mean…be careful! The blade is razor sharp! Can you believe it? It is certainly thousands of years old, although at the moment I have no way of knowing its age or how it was formed.” 
The blade and hilt were a solid piece, with crusty leather thongs wrapped around the hilt for a handle. Though they were still intact, they seemed flimsy enough to tear off with the slightest effort. “Luis,” I said, “This is an astonishing find! I can’t believe you’re walking around with this thing. This is priceless!”
“Yes, I’m aware of that,” he said, “But until it is in a safer place, I must keep it with me.”
“Why? What does all this mean?”
He sighed. “What it all means is that it is a stolen object. What’s more, someone knows I have found it.”
“Really!…Who?”
“The owner.”
My mouth dropped open and I gasped. “Luis!”
“He caught me red-handed, you might say, and he is none too happy about it. If we go back to the reservation, I may well be arrested and censured, at the very least. At the very most…well, I don’t like to think about it…”
“I see…This is why you don’t want to go back?”
He nodded “Yes, not just yet. In truth, I’m sorry now I took the object. It is obviously a very sacred and unusual artifact. But I discovered it in a dark cave, and…well, it was rather like finding a $100 bill just lying by the road. How could I walk by and not pick it up? I acted impulsively.”
“Luis, you’re an anthropologist! Of course you were right to pick it up! How could you not pick up a fine specimen like this? Do you remember where you found it?”
He shrugged. “No. In a cave, in the canyon. That’s all I remember. It was all rather vague at the time.” 
“Are there any more objects like this one?”
He wrapped up the dagger and placed it back in the box. “There were…other objects, yes. All priceless!…Too numerous to carry. Gold, silver, turquoise, pure copper. But none quite so unusual or fascinating as this.” He placed the box back in his pocket. “Until I determine what to do with this artifact, it would not be safe for me to return to the reservation at this time.”
“Luis, is your life endangered by this thing?”
Luis took a sip of his drink, then shrugged and said in hushed tones, “Well, let’s put it this way…Killing me to get this back would not be outside the realm of possibility.”
“From Navajos?” I was astonished. 
He shook his head. “Not necessarily from Navajos. From a certain…ah, network.”
“A network of who?”
“Of Indians you don’t want to know too much about …Sorcerers, shall we say?”
I sat back and nodded mutely. Suddenly I felt uneasy, and somewhat weak, as if the blood was draining from my face. I suddenly I had a fearful notion that everyone in the restaurant had heard every word between us. I reached out and took his hand. “Then get rid of it, Luis. It’s not worth losing your life over.”
He nodded. “I agree with you there. But I’m afraid it may be too late at this point. The damage has already been done. I found out a few facts about this thing before I left, from an old man. And I wish now I’d left it where it was…”
“What did you find out?”
Luis took another sip of his drink. “I was told of the legend of a crystal blade, how it was used by the Arizos for human sacrifice, to cut out the hearts of enemies. The hearts were, in turn, eaten…”
I whistled, then finished the sentence for him. “In order to absorb their strength…” He nodded. “Exactly so. But there’s more. The blade is supposedly cursed.”
“Cursed?”
“Yes. Perhaps thought so because of its original dark purpose…By who or what I don’t know. Maybe by all the spirits of its victims…”
“The old man told you this?”
“Yes. The words were rather ominous: ‘Whoever possesses the blade, it is better if they had not been born’…”
“Wow,” I said, impressed. I touched the box with my finger and cast a mischievous look to him. “Let me see it again.” 
 He looked startled. “What?…No!” One hand firmly came to rest on the box.
“Why not? I want to admire it again. You don’t believe that crystal is really cursed, do you?…”
He did not answer right away. “Do you?” I repeated.
“No, of course not,” he said, staring down at the box. He picked up his glass and downed the remainder of his drink, then stared again at the box as if it contained an abominably ugly tie that someone had given him. “Of course not…”

Later…
Well there it is, all in a basket. The Luis & Weston expedition is already history, before it was ever present. Luis’ nerves are a bit unsteady right now, so I don’t begrudge him for backing down too much. I might have done the same thing in the same situation.
But I’m not in the same situation. Desperate situations call for desperate measures. And although my situation is not what I would call desperate, I would call it opportune. I see an opportunity to dive into the pages of history and possibly walk away with a few well-chosen heirlooms to pass on to my grandchildren, if I ever have any…and in the interim just maybe help restore Luis’ good graces in the eyes of the Navajo Nation…
#


13
Annie
Just A Dream?
I stopped writing and looked out into the desert night. I smoked another cigarette and tried again to recall what day it was. I had no idea.
The lightning was still blazing away in the sky, but always far away, never above me. I wondered if the lightning was in the real world or this one. Perhaps I was looking out into the real world, like looking out of a window in a jail. Was that too strong an image? I had no idea. My concepts of reality were being challenged.  Some shamans believe that while we live in this world, we also live in another world that we cannot see with our physical eyes. This spirit world is around us all the time, but we have to stop seeing with our physical eyes and open our “other” eyes to see this spirit world. In truth, I wasn’t sure if I was seeing the physical or the spirit world. In most respects it didn’t look any different. I didn’t know what to do now, except wait it out and see what would happen next.
I didn’t have to wait long.

*     *     *

I went to my tent to rest. I tried to sleep but tossed and turned all night. I kept thinking of four-footed creatures with huge sharp teeth lurking around. I saw my bones scattered around yucca plants, picked clean and bleached white. 
At some point I did manage to dose off, but was awakened by the same anxious feeling as the other night when the creature had been around. My eyes popped open, and I lay there anxiously staring into the darkness. I wondered what had awakened me, and as I thought of the creature I listened apprehensively for the sounds of claws scratching on the ground. I heard nothing; everything was still…
No, not everything. There was a sound. It was distant, like a constant humming, or vibrating or…
The sounds of water flowing! I sat up quickly and listened. It was indeed the sound of water. It must be coming through the wash. And yet it sounded like the trickling of a small creek, a constant flow of water. It sounded like…
The creek in my dream…
I heard laughing from a small child; I heard her talking to someone, talking to her dolls, admonishing them to sit up straight, asking them if they would like milk with their tea…
Oh my God, I thought, it’s me!…I’m dreaming again! 
Except I wasn’t dreaming. I felt my sleeping bag, my tent walls. They were as real to me as anything I had ever touched. The sounds of trickling water and the child’s voice (my voice!…) were just outside the tent now, no longer as distant as they had sounded at first. I rose to my knees to unzip my tent flap. I had to see this to believe it! 
My hands fumbled and pawed on the tent flap, but I could not find the zipper. I looked all over the flap. It wasn’t there! I checked the other side. There was no zipper. There was no flap!  I felt suddenly disoriented in the dark and I reached for my flashlight, but it wasn’t there. This was far too strange. I am surely dreaming, I thought.  Again I listened. The girl played happily, peacefully. She sounded as if she were merely a few feet from my tent. I called out. “Hello? Little girl?…Annie?…Can you hear me?”
I listened; she kept on playing, had not heard me. I called out again, and a third time, but there was no response at all. I sat down again, hugging my knees tensely, wondering what to do. So…I was dreaming! I had to be. There was no other explanation than that I was experiencing a lucid dream. And since I was apparently unable to participate, after a while it seemed the only thing to do was to lie down and go back to sleep. I attempted this, but I could not drown out her little voice. I heard her quite clearly talking now, to each of her dolls, and it brought me to occasional smiles and laughter as I lay there, and tears as well, though I knew not why they were there. I remembered the area very well. It made me think of Mama…
…I was standing in my crib, supporting myself on the railing. I saw myself so very clearly! I couldn’t have been more than a year old. I saw Mama then, kissing a man, my father. He was a good-looking man, and he always smiled brightly at me. I laughed whenever I saw him, and I wanted him to pick me up and swing me, and he always did…
Then one day I knew that Daddy had gone away somewhere, and I hoped he would come back soon. But he didn’t come back anymore, and Mama became very sad. I wanted him to pick me up and swing me around some more. I wondered where he went.  
Other men came over, different men from my father, wearing all sorts of funny clothes and uniforms. Whenever they came over Mama would put me to bed and shut the door and I’d hear lots of noises coming from the room. Sometimes after they left she cried. It made me upset that she felt this way, and whenever men came to the house after that, strange things began to happen. Sometimes the doors would get stuck and not open, or the window glass broke, or sometimes things would catch on fire. I would stare at the men who came over, and I didn’t like any of them. I wanted them to go away. They gave me strange looks too, and I knew they didn’t like me. They never came close to my crib. They seemed to stay as far away from me as they could when they entered the room.
One time a man came over, and when he passed by me on his way into the room, a book went flying through the air and hit him in the back of the head. He yelled out and looked surprised. I looked at Mama and wondered if she’d thrown it, but she was looking at me with a worried face I’d seen many times before. Later when they were in the room I heard all kinds of things being thrown around the room. I heard them knocking against the door and the wall. This happened lots of times, when other men came over. Mama would come out and hurry over to my crib. She’d pick me up and I’d stop crying, and then all the noises would stop, and she‘d say “Shh, sweetheart, it’s okay. It’s time to sleep now.” Then she would sing to me until I slept…
Once two men came over, and I knew they were sailors from a ship. When they shut the door I heard lots of laughing, and I knew they were drinking the whiskey juice. But soon the laughing turned into scary noises, with yelling and sounds like hitting, and Mama was yelling No, and I felt afraid that she was being hurt. I stood up in my crib and grabbed the railing. I cried and jumped up and down, shaking the railing, calling for Mama.
She came hurrying out, putting on her bathrobe as she did, and I saw some blood on her lip. It was just a small spot, but to me it looked huge at the time, as if it might be covering her entire face. I knew the men had hit her, and it made me scared and angry. Mama came to me and picked me up, and I could see tears in her eyes. “Shh,” she said, “it’s okay, Annie my darling, it’s okay…Be a good girl…Shhh…” I stopped crying and leaned my head on her shoulder, and saw the two men in the doorway. They both had almost no clothes on and were laughing while they drank the whiskey juice. “C’mon!” one of them said, “She’s all right. Put her back to bed. We’re just getting started.”
“Yeah,” the other one said, “We’re paying you triple for a double.” They both laughed.
I stared at them, and one of them stared back. He winked at me, and though I felt frightened of him, I continued to stare back. I don’t recall exactly what happened after that, but I knew I didn’t like him, and I saw him make a funny face like he was in pain, and he grabbed his chest and fell against the wall. His friend laughed and drank some more of the whiskey juice. The other man made some awful sounds and fell to the floor, while his friend watched him with a scared look on his face. Mama made a sound like a scream, though she muffled it, and she hurried me out of the room and made a phone call. The other man grabbed his clothes and ran out of the house, and that was the last I saw of him.
Other men came that night, policemen, doctors. There were cars with flashing lights parked outside our house. They took the one man away with a sheet over him. There were a few neighbors who came over, though mostly it was quiet, because our house was out in the country by the woods. Men were asking Mama lots of questions and she started crying. I cried too, and then I saw old Mr. Brennan in the door with his dog, Zeke. He came rushing in saying something like “Here, now! What’s going on here? Can’t you see you’re upsetting this child?” He reached out to me and I let him pick me up. He leaned over and kissed my Mama on the top of the head and said we’d wait outside sitting on the porch swing. Mama smiled at him. 
We went outside and sat, and it felt good to swing. Zeke came up and licked my bare feet, and made me laugh. Mr. Brennan put his arm around me and said “Don’t you worry, Annie, honey. Your mama’s okay. These men are just going to ask her some questions and then they’ll be gone soon, okay?” I looked up at him and he was smiling down at me. I felt glad that he had taken me outside, and I wondered how he came to be here just now, and he answered, “Oh, I knew something was wrong, Annie, and then I seen the lights of the police cars, coming down the road, and I knew I’d better get over here and help out like a good neighbor should, ‘cause that’s what good neighbors are for.”
I smiled at him. I was glad he was here. He said, “I’m glad I’m here too, Annie. God knows your mama’s doin’ the best she can since your daddy can’t be around no more.”
Where did Daddy go, I wondered, and Mr. Brennan answered, “He’s gone to heaven, darlin’, to be with the Lord and all those who’ve gone before him.”
I stared at him curiously, and suddenly I understood for the first time why Daddy didn’t come around anymore, and why he wasn’t ever going to come around. We sat there talking for a long time, and as I stared at old Mr. Brennan I realized something else. Every time I thought of a question, I didn’t even have to speak, because he answered me plain as day, without ever opening up his mouth…
I played in the woods all the time. Mama tried to keep me out of there, telling me that bad men were in there and would try to get me. It frightened me. But old Mr. Brennan often came around to take Zeke to the woods for his daily walk, and he stopped by to take me along. Mama was hesitant at first but sometimes she came along and then she didn’t mind so much. No more men were coming to see her, and I was glad of that. As time went by Mama and Mr. Brennan got to be pretty good friends. They talked a lot about things I didn’t understand when I listened to them, not until Mr. Brennan silently explained them to me afterward in his usual way. Then I understood pretty well.
Mr. Brennan told me to never get close to the water when I was alone. He was afraid I’d fall in, but that creek was so shallow no one could have drowned in it. He said to stay back from the water, which I never did, and to always stay in sight of my house, which I always did. My favorite spot was by a bend in the creek, where there was a soft knoll of high grass and dandelions in the spring and summer, and wildflowers in the fall. It was a sunny spot, and butterflies fluttered about constantly in the warm weather. I’d lay back sometimes with my dolls around me, all of us hidden in the grass, and feeling the warm sun on my face, I’d stare up at the clouds and make them move and take funny shapes. I’d watch big clouds and break them up into smaller ones, and make many smaller clouds come together until they were one big cloud. Sometimes thunder would happen if they got to be too big, and I’d break them up again. It made me laugh to see this, and when I lay there in the grass, I stayed there for what in truth seemed like the longest time to me. Truer, there was no time there. I was not conscious of it. I felt more aware in those moments of infinity. I stayed there until Mama called me, and then I went right home…
The scene shifted…
…I heard the sounds of leaves crunching in the distance. I held my breath, for I knew what was coming. Oh no, I thought,… Annie! Annie! Run! You’ve got to get out of here! He’s coming! He’s coming!…I tried to yell but no words came out. Again I frantically pawed the walls of the tent in the darkness, looking for the flap. I could neither rip through the canvas nor rip the stakes from the ground. 
The sound of crunching leaves became footsteps, growing louder, coming closer. Annie was not talking to her dolls anymore. I cried and frantically searched the inside of the tent, looking for anything to use to free myself from this tent. My hand passed over my knife and I stumbled around looking for it again. When I found it I pulled the blade out of its sheath and plunged it into the canvas. It went through with difficulty and I tried to rip a gash in it, but the canvas held firm. I felt the knife, and the blade was completely dulled. I screamed aloud and put my eye up to the small gash I had made. Light streamed in and I could see Annie now, little Annie sitting there so innocently. Her eyes stared almost directly at me, a little to my left. They were vacant, frightened. She was very still. I heard the approach of the man right next to my tent. He stepped right in front of my field of view, and I screamed out “No!…No!…”  Once again I thrashed violently, trying to rip through the tent, but it held firm against my efforts. After a few moments I felt exhausted and I knelt down, crying.  I heard the man say, “Hi sweetheart…Wanna see what I found in the woods?…” 
I held my breath and listened. After a few moments I heard the rustling movements of the man. He made moaning sounds at first, but they were moans of pain, starting out as whimpers, but quickly increasing to cries, and then screams. “Ahh…Ahhh…No!…No!…”
His screams turned to horror. “Oh God!…Oh God, No!…God Almighty, No!…”  Suddenly he bolted away, screaming all the while; I heard him trip several times. I peeked through the gash in the tent to see if little Annie was all right. She sat there, staring off in the distance after the man. His screams were far away but his horror was still present. Annie was quiet, apparently unharmed. The look on her face was blank, completely vacant…Suddenly she turned and stared straight at me. I gasped…
Her eyes had turned completely black…

*     *     *

I screamed and sat up in my tent; I panted for air. I felt too claustrophobic in here. I found the zipper on the flap, pulled it up and charged through to the outside. I looked around me and saw I was alone, surrounded by the dark, quiet desert. There were no woods to be seen. No house, no Mama, no little Annie, and no strange man.
I buried my face in my hands and cried, knowing that the scenes had been far too real, more than mere fantasies. Memories came flooding back in, as I remembered events in my young life exactly as the dream had portrayed them. I thought of little Annie in the woods and tried to remember what had happened to make the man scream. For the life of me I could not recall. I knew only that I had done something to him, something completely unexpected, just as surely as I had caused that sailor to die.
And Mr. Brennan, dear sweet Mr. Brennan, that kindly old man. Whatever had happened to him, and why did I not remember him, or our extraordinary conversations without words? Had time really blocked such powerful events from my memory? The floodgates were opening.
I recalled now that I possessed an ability, and Mr. Brennan knew this, tried to plumb the depths of it and teach me to use it. Somehow Mama knew this too and stopped me from using it, thinking it was a bad thing. We moved away, to another town, away from our house in the country, away from Mr. Brennan and his dog Zeke…and we started our lives over again…
All the sketchy information came back in bits and pieces. But the one I wanted most to recall, the rest of the dream, was still a mystery.
#

14
Annie
Disorientation

I slept marginally.  There were no more dreams that night. I awoke to daylight as usual. I looked around me, and all was the same. The cloud cover remained as well.
I had a little bit of food left, a can of potatoes, vegetables, some beef jerky, and a half canteen of water. I had not eaten since yesterday, but I felt little hunger at all. I sipped some water and then decided to explore a different direction today. I traveled north, or that direction I calculated to be north. My knee was feeling less painful, which made walking much easier, something to be grateful for. I walked on and on, trying to take bearings of the minuscule landmarks I was seeing.
And then something happened. Something so minute, so subtle, and yet so quickly and dramatically that it took my breath away when I realized that it had already happened before I was aware of it.
I was standing by my camp. I looked around me and experienced a feeling of complete disorientation. It was as if I had never left! I shook my head and looked around me. Everything was the same, and yet something was different. What was it? What had happened? My back was tired and so I put down my pack and rested. Then I realized what else was different.
The day was already turning into night. My mouth fell open in astonishment as I realized the night would soon be upon me again. Either the day was speeding up and night was taking over and slowing down or…
…Or I had completely blacked out the entire day while I was walking!
I was suddenly overcome by an ill feeling that I was trapped here, and again felt that I was being observed. Angrily I stood up and shouted aloud, “Who are you?! Where are you?…Damn it! Show yourself! SHOW YOURSELF! …” I screamed into the desert air, and it seemed as if my voice carried no more than a few feet into dead space.
Frustrated I sat down again. I felt emotionally exhausted. I wanted to cry, but there was no more left in me. I thought of Luis’ references to the canyon he had found, and wondered if I had stumbled into that same place. If so, then where was the canyon? And how did Luis manage to find his way out? Even he did not know this. How then was I to find my way out?
I must have sat and stared for a long time, or else I had been right about time speeding up, for night was upon me before I realized it. It was as if I had blacked out again and suddenly awakened to nightfall. I closed my eyes and resisted an impulse to panic. I remained there and allowed myself to drift away.  I think I was half convinced that I was already dead anyway…
#

15
Luis & Billy
Luis In the Place Between Worlds

Luis stopped reading and put the journal down. He stared somberly at the fire.  Billy groaned and got up from his chair. “It’s gonna be cold tonight,” he said, “I’m gonna bring in some more wood.” He put on his coat.
Luis said, “I’ll get It, Pop. You rest.”
In response Billy stuck out his tongue at Luis and made a farting sound. “Rest? I’ve been resting. What I need is some activity. Bringing in some wood is good for me. If you wanna help okay, but don’t tell me to sit down and keep resting. If I do that then you’ll have to bury me there ‘cause I won’t be able to move!” Luis conceded and donned his coat. “Besides,” Billy said, “I gotta think about all this stuff you’ve been reading to me.”
They went outside. It was afternoon now, and the wind was cold and gusty, swirling around them vigorously. They walked a short distance across the snowy ground to a shed with a flimsy door where Billy kept his wood dry. “Hank Nez brought me two cords of oak and Ponderosa Pine from Flagstaff last week,” Billy said proudly. “It’s good dry wood. The oak has lots of knots and burls in it, so it burns longer.” They each grabbed a bundle and brought it back to the Hogan, then made a second trip. When they were back inside Luis stoked the fire while Billy prepared some food. 
“This is an interesting story,” Billy said, “A good mystery. I like a good mystery. Is this the same place you found?”
Luis shook his head. “No, it’s not the same place, at least not that I can tell. However, there are some similarities. The time factor, for instance. Like Annie, I felt a strong sense of disorientation and of time being horribly out of sync. But my description and hers are completely different. I cannot tell where she is from her story.”
Billy shrugged. “Neither can I, but it sounds like she’s in the Hidden Land,  the place between worlds.” 
Luis looked at him curiously. “What do you mean? What worlds?”
Billy laughed feebly. “You’ve been with the white people for so long that you’ve forgotten about our history. Our people, the Dine’, have passed through many worlds before this one. In each world we had to climb higher to get to the next one, as Changing Woman taught us…”
Luis felt rankled by this. “I’m well aware of Navajo history and mythology…”
Billy shrugged off the comment. “As you say…Between each world is the land of the dead and the spirits. You can’t live in the next world until you pass through the Sippapu. You can’t even be alive, only dead. But I suppose in your white way of thinking this is impossible, eh?”
Luis was about to answer and then stopped, not knowing what to say. His instinctive answer was to fall back on scientific argument. But his own recollection of the strange world he had discovered made him pause. He could not say for certain where he had been. What happened to him had defied all logic, all of his perceptions of life. Perhaps Billy was right. Perhaps he had been between worlds. “I can honestly say,” he offered, “that I no longer know what to think.”
“That’s a good safe answer,” Billy said, sitting down again. “It’s a good honest answer. In this world no one knows anything for sure except his own name, and if he is lucky he knows who his neighbor is. Everything else is a mystery.”
Luis pondered these words thoughtfully as he stoked the fire. 
 “That’s a good fire too,” Billy said, “Somebody might think you had some Navajo blood in you.” He cackled a laugh.
“Very funny.” Luis shut the door on the wood stove and went over to the only window in the Hogan. He stared out at the white landscape. The blowing wind sent sheets of snow swirling in the air, blocking out any distant landscape. All was white. It gave Luis an eerie feeling that there was nothing else out there. 
“What are you thinking about?” Billy asked after a while.
Luis came back and sat down. “I was just thinking of my own experience in the hidden land. I’ve come to realize that I don’t remember much of it.”
Billy was eating. Luis sat and stared at the fire. “Why don’t you remember?” Billy asked.
“It was so long ago.”
“Didn’t you write it down like Annie did?”
Luis shook his head. “No.”
Billy gave him a curious look. “Why not? Isn’t that what anthropologists are supposed to do? Write things down?”
“Yes, of course.” Luis said with mounting frustration.
“Doesn’t it bother you that you don’t remember?”
Luis shrugged. “At first I didn’t want to remember anything about it.”
“Why?”
“Because I was …afraid... I too had been lost. I thought I was going to die out there...”
They were both awkwardly silent for several moments. Billy had not expected Luis to say this. Luis had not expected it either. Billy poured them both some whiskey and handed Luis his glass. Luis nodded and drank half of it down. “You’re gonna spend the night here, aren’t you?” Billy said, “I don’t wanna have to worry about you driving on this whiskey.”
Luis smiled slightly. He would rather have taken a motel in Chinle, but it was a long drive, and under the circumstances Billy was right. He was starting to feel the whiskey; it felt good. “I’ll stay,” he said, “Thank you.”
Billy shrugged. “How much do you remember?” he asked.
Luis looked into the fire. “Not much. Even back then, it seems to me that I couldn’t recall much right after I returned.”
“I remember when you went out there,” Billy said. “You stopped by here to visit before you went.”
Luis reacted with the same slight smile. “That’s right; I did.”
“Back then you didn’t tell me what you were looking for. You only said you were going out to the west land to explore with a couple of college people.”
“Yes…” Luis said, “I remember that, two grad students, Harold and Christina…
“We had camped a few miles west of Mesquite Wash, near an unmarked arroyo. For a couple of days we searched the area. We found nothing remarkable, several fossils and a few bits of broken pottery, which were probably not more than a hundred years old. We planned to break camp the next morning and head north. Anyway, as the sun went down, the sky turned a brilliant red color, and eventually the wind picked up. From where we were we could see what looked like a huge sandstorm in the distance. Then in the next moment it appeared to be a fog. From that distance it was hard to tell but the color of the fog was red…”
Billy’s ears perked up at this. He regarded Luis with a curious expression, puffing his pipe more vigorously. “Red fog?… You’re sure it was a red fog?”
“Unquestionably,” Luis said, “Have you also seen this?”
Billy shrugged. “Maybe... Go on, I wanna hear your story first.”
“…The color was almost blood red, the color of the sunset in late autumn when the moon is new, the kind of sunset you only see once in a while…”
Billy nodded to himself. “Yes…I know.”
“…The fog was moving toward us with incredible speed! I couldn’t believe how fast it was advancing. The three of us sat on a high rock watching. In truth, it didn’t seem all that unusual at the time, except for the color. Before we knew it the fog was almost surrounding us. It came up to where we sat, and then it stopped!”
“It stopped?” Billy said.
“I tell you, it stopped in its tracks, if you want to call it that.”
“So it wasn’t moving anymore?” 
“No,” Luis said, “I don’t mean that precisely. It was moving. The clouds were swirling around, drifting the way fog does…but it wasn’t going anywhere! It just stayed there like a wall spread out in front of us! Before that it was going so fast we couldn’t have outrun it in a car or on horseback. It was as if…” He stopped, all the while clenching his jaw. Billy said “As if what?”
Luis felt reluctant to answer, but then swallowed and said, “As if it had reached some kind of boundary line and could go no further... and then…”
Billy stared intently at Luis. “And then…what?”
Luis grit his teeth angrily. “Well…It was as if the damn stuff came running over to see who we were! And now it was watching us…observing us…”
Billy pondered this with a few puffs and nodded silently.
“Harold and Christina reacted differently; they felt nothing from this cloud. As far as they were concerned, the wind had come up, bringing the fog with it; then the wind eventually died down and the fog was still. That is as much as they were able to see.  The color of the fog did not appear unusual to them. In fact I’m convinced it appeared red only to me!”
“I think that is a fault of many white people,” Billy said, “Many whites do not know how to look beyond the obvious. But tell me, what else did you see?”
“It’s not so much what I saw. What my eyes saw was a reddish fog behaving in an unusual pattern! Any meteorologist could no doubt come up with a satisfactory explanation for what we all witnessed. Imagine the early people, long long ago, arriving in this land, and seeing a dust devil for the first time…”
Billy chuckled. “Yes, I can imagine. I remember the first time I saw one. My grandfather told me it was the spirit of his dead friend, coming back to claim a blanket grandfather had won from him in a fair fight.”
 Luis smiled, and then continued. “I felt something, a most unusual feeling, and it came to me from within the fog. It is difficult to explain now what I felt at the time. The other two did not feel this. We talked about it for a few minutes, and I suggested that we get closer to it. They didn’t want to; they suddenly seemed afraid of it. So I decided to go myself. They waited there for me and I approached the fog. I could feel the thickness of it as I entered, very humid, clammy to the touch. It made me shiver at first. When I had walked a fair distance into it the cloud was so thick around me I became disoriented. I realized I had left my compass back at camp, so I decided to return for it. When I had retraced my steps, perhaps a hundred yards, I realized that I must have been walking in the wrong direction, for I should have reached the camp by now. I tried another direction, and still another, and could not find the camp. I yelled out, I whistled, I even began throwing rocks in all directions, but there were no replies. 
“In spite of this I was not too worried, for I knew I was not far from the campsite. As long as I did not wander too far away I should be able to return to camp as soon as the fog lifted. I was more concerned for the time of the evening. The light was growing dim and I had only a small flashlight with me. Fortunately I was dressed warmly enough, but even so the chill of the fog at times seem to penetrate right through my clothes. In any case, I decided to do as much exploring as possible, given the darkness, and wait for the fog to lift.
“And then I heard noises, strange noises, coming from the distance, deep within the fog, low guttural noises of some beast lurking not too far away. The sounds made my blood run cold! My first thought was a bear, but that was not possible, nor did it sound quite like it. Perhaps the fog was distorting the sound. What ever it was, it was coming my way as if it had caught my scent and was looking for me! I was horrified, and felt at once that I could not stay there. I ran in the opposite direction as fast as I could, not knowing or caring if I was moving away from my camp. The only important thing was to put distance between the beast and me.
“I ran until I was out of breath. I rested briefly and listened. Within moments I heard the beast again, sounding even closer than before! I ran again. I felt I was running for my life! I looked for some high ground, some rocks to climb, but with the dark twilight and the fog I may as well have been a blind man with a cane trying to cross a busy street.
“Then I stumbled over a rock. I went tumbling forward and landed on my stomach, knocking the wind out of myself. I lay there for a moment, half-delirious, when I became aware of many other sounds. They seemed more distant than the beast, and yet they, too, seemed to be advancing toward me. They sounded like the cries of Indian warriors in battle.
“I was terrified! I thought I was dreaming. Part of me kept shouting 'Get up! Get up! You’ve got to keep moving!' Another part of me wanted only to close my eyes and go to sleep, sure that I would wake up and it would all be gone. I crawled forward and had gone only a short distance when I reached a ledge of some sort. I stopped where I was, reluctant to go any further, for I had no idea what kind of ledge I was on. For all I knew I might plummet twenty or thirty feet straight down. I took my flashlight and shined it out in front of me, and the sight took my breath away. There was an immense space of some sort, so vast I wasn’t sure what I was looking at, but it looked like a canyon. What’s more, the fog hovered right at the edge of the gorge and went no further! I saw to the right and left of me two tall pillars of rock, standing like guardians in front of a trail leading downward into the dark void. And so, spurred on by the still present and threatening danger, I started cautiously downward…”
“You seem to remember a lot,” Billy said wryly.
“Yes,” Luis said, “Talking about it is stimulating my memory.”
“That is good,” Billy said, lighting his pipe, “Go on with your story…” 
“Yes, well…After I had gone a short distance, I discovered to my relief that the noises had stopped. I took that to mean that I was not being followed, but there was no way to know yet if that was a good sign. If whatever was pursuing me was reluctant to enter this canyon, perhaps I too should heed that fear. Nevertheless, I elected to take my chances and press on.
“The trail was easily managed. Though it was dark, there was a mysterious kind of glow emanating from somewhere, and it seemed that the further down I went, the lighter it became, so that by the time I reached the bottom, after an hour or more, visibility was very reasonable, as if it were close to dawn. I could actually see the walls of the canyon now, and I was surprised at the depth of it. I estimated the vertical height of the walls to be about fifteen hundred feet, but in such dim light it was nearly impossible to tell.
“By this time I felt exhausted from the hike and the stress of my situation, and in spite of my desire to continue and explore, I needed some rest. I found a suitable place nearby, high off the ground and concealed as much as possible, and I slept immediately. 
“When I awoke the light had not changed. I had not thought to check my watch earlier, in all the excitement and I did so now, only to find that my watch had stopped at 2:10. I rewound it now so that I might better mark my progress from here on. I then followed the natural traverse of the canyon, shouting along the way, hoping that Harold and Christina might hear me.
“After a couple of hours I decided to return to my starting point at the top of the canyon. I doubled back but I was unable to find the trail. In that setting I could have easily missed it. I searched back and forth several times carefully, and it was as if a trail had never existed! It seemed to me that I walked all day long looking for it.
“I became very weary, thirsty and hungry. I lay down and slept. When I awoke it seemed like a long time had passed. I checked my watch, and it had stopped again, much sooner than it should have. I suspected that the watch was useless here, wherever “here” was. I now had no way of knowing how much time had passed. I was worried that I had been here for almost two days at least, and that Harold and Christina would fear the worst.
“Since I could not find the trail I decided to continue further up the canyon and explore, perhaps find another way out. As I walked I noted that none of this terrain was familiar to me. The landscape seemed to change every time I turned around, as if the entire area was constantly moving, like the hands of a clock, slowly, imperceptibly. Anyway, I walked on and on until it seemed to me that I had walked for an entire day. Exhausted, I laid down to sleep once again, and as I drifted off I could not remember if I had been walking for one day, or two, or three. I lost all sense of time, and then fell into sleep.
“I awakened to a sound which jarred me out of my sleep. Running water! The sound was unmistakable! I sat upright and saw, to my astonishment, a cave nearby, from which the sound was coming. I ran over to the cave and there indeed was a stream trickling from the cave’s mouth. I tasted the water gratefully, and immediately gagged. It tasted muddy, warm and flat. It had no taste, no life at all. I drank anyway, and it renewed my spirits.
“The mouth of the cave was large, about twenty or thirty feet in diameter. I ventured inward, and after only a few feet I felt claustrophobia. I felt my hands shaking and my heart beating more rapidly, and an irrational voice told me that to continue any further would mean certain death. I tried to take deeper breaths of air, but the foul cave air made me nauseous. Normally I would expect the air in a cave to be fresh and cool, but this was warm and rank, with a faint musty smell, as if I were entering, not a cave, but an old attic.
“My thought was to not venture in too far for fear of being lost and eventually buried alive. My small flashlight was lighting the way well enough, though I wished I’d had a more powerful one from back at camp. I resolved to merely look around for a few minutes and then backtrack, when I heard the noise again, a low growling, the same noise I had heard up top. I froze where I was and listened. Along with the sound I heard a sound of footsteps, sometimes quick, sometimes slow, along with another sound like…I can only describe it as sniffing. The thing was coming again. It was down here now, and it was coming for me! Suddenly I was completely disoriented. I didn’t know if it was coming from outside the cave or deeper within. After listening further I guessed from outside and I decided, reluctantly, to retreat deeper into the cave.
“The walls seemed semi-transparent. In fact, there was a strange kind of phosphorescence from within them, creating just enough light to make navigation easier. And fortunately there was a well-worn path, not too littered with rocky debris, and I was able to move more swiftly than I would have imagined. I was watchful of the low ceiling, but even so, twice I almost ran blindly into low hanging rock. Occasionally I stopped to listen, and though I heard no growl, I heard the sound of something moving along as swiftly as I. Whatever it was it sounded light on its feet, and I thought it must be an animal. I continued on through a series of twists and turns, my breathing becoming more labored and heavy, and I don’t know how long I pressed on in that state, for time seemed suddenly meaningless and completely non-existent. 
“I entered into a large chamber and was momentarily so awestruck by the immense space that I failed to notice an overhanging rock and I struck it with my forehead. All reality fell apart in that moment. Searing pain shot through my entire body as I fell to the ground. I landed on a large flat rock and lay there semi-conscious. 
“In that comatose state it seemed like hours went by, but the sounds of approaching footsteps and growling jarred my senses awake. I could see nothing, but it sounded as if the creature was no more than ten feet away from me. Lying there as I was, I tried to push myself up into a sitting position, and in the process my hand passed over a slender piece of rock with a sharp point on it. Sensing it would make an adequate weapon, I quickly picked it up to defend myself, convinced that this place was to be my last stand and my burial ground. I brought myself up to a defensive position, and now shone the flashlight in front of me to confront my pursuer. At first I saw nothing but tall dark shadows as I swung the light this way and that. And then I caught sight of a distant shadow which could not have been rock, and yet whatever it was, the shadows managed to conceal its features, so that all I could see was a grotesque looking silhouette with a large head, standing on two legs, about eight feet tall. For several timeless moments, my eyes were fixed on this frightening shape, my heart pounding in fear that these were to be my last moments, and that this beast was about to emerge into the light and pounce on me. But it, too, seemed to hold its gaze on me and we both remained like this in a strange kind of standoff, and I wondered  if my eyes were playing tricks on me; perhaps what I was really seeing was the rock shadows within the cave.
“At this point my flashlight beam flickered off, then on, then off again. It had apparently become damaged when I had fallen, and now I was immersed in semi-darkness. Seized with fear, I tapped the side of the flashlight until it came on again, perhaps a minute later, and I shined it over toward the beast again. Only now the beast was gone, and in its place stood a man! I gasped in surprise. He looked to be an old Indian of a prehistoric race. He stood there clad only in a breechcloth, a stick figure of a man. He looked as old as a mountain and as weathered as dried cactus…
“’Who are you?’ I asked.
“’I am 'who walks with the thunder',  he replied in a voice that trembled with restrained power. 
“’Where is this place?’
“’This is my cave.’
“’How did I get here?’
“At first he said nothing. He seemed to be studying me. His silent reply was not a friendly look; he had discovered a trespasser, and now he was deciding how to dispose of me. After a long pause, in which I was also speechless, he finally said, ‘You have stolen my blade.’
“His voice was deep, rumbling. He did not sound threatening at first. But there was no question in my mind that I was confronting a most powerful man. I felt the object in my pocket and, embarrassed, pulled it out. ‘I didn’t think anyone lived here. I thought I was in danger. I don’t even know where I am.’
‘You must put it back.’
“I took a guilty hesitant step toward him, holding out the blade to him even as I did so. ‘I’m sorry. Here,’ I said, ‘Take it.’
 “He suddenly looked cautious and stepped back. ‘I will not yet touch the blade. It is soiled in your hand! You must place it on the altar.’
“I looked back at the great slab he referred to as an altar. My head became dizzy as the sordid smell of dried blood suddenly crept into my nostrils. Seeing the slab and feeling the blade in my hand, their combined suggested purpose became all too clear to me, and I trembled. Yet as I regarded the crystal in my hand, I saw its clarity, and its beauty even in the darkness. I felt its warmth, felt the power surging within it. This was clearly no ordinary object in my hand. As a man of science I felt reluctant to part with it. And yet, he was right; I had essentially stolen it. And now, caught in the act, so to speak, guilt clawed at me, and I reached to place the crystal back on the slab. As I did so, the man approached, and I saw something in his eyes that made me hesitate. The look was a…a hunger of some sort…and I saw deception within his eyes. Thinking he meant to take the blade after all, I held the crystal out to him again, and again he backed off.
‘Put the blade on the altar!’ he said.
“I suddenly had the sense that this crystal was not only powerful, but might be my only protection at the moment. Why else was he backing away from it? ‘Why will you not take it?’
‘Put it on the altar!’ he repeated.
‘Suppose I don’t.’ 
‘You do not know what you are saying! The blade is powerful. Its power will destroy you!’
‘If I do,’ I bargained, ‘will you show me the way out of here?’
“He did not answer at first. 
‘I will not give you the blade unless you show me the way out,’ I said firmly.
“He regarded me as a snake might regard a mouse that is beyond its reach. ‘I will show you the way,’ he said then, ‘but you must never return.’
“This seemed an odd thing to say. My reaction was obstinate. ‘Why? What if I do?’
‘If you return…you will never leave.’
“His words sent a deep chill through me - which I remember well even now - At that moment I had no intention of returning. I agreed, saying, ‘Show me the way; then I will give you the blade.’
‘Give me the blade first,’ he countered. ‘Then I will show you the way out.’
“I stood firm. ‘No.’
“He gave me a defiant look then, and I knew I was right. The blade was powerful, and I had cornered him in some unknown way. But would it get me out of here alive? I wondered.
“I followed him. He took me through a maze of turns, after which we exited the cave, and stood at the bottom of the trail that had brought me down into the canyon. I marveled that we had taken a miraculous shortcut through the canyon I had spent days traversing. ‘There is the way out,’ he said. ‘And now you must return what you have stolen.’
“His use of that word increased my feeling of guilt and I reached in my pocket and brought out the blade, again holding it out to him. He backed away slightly. ‘Put it on the ground.’
“I wondered why he would not take the blade from my hand. I knelt down with the intention to do so. But at the last moment, as I placed the blade on the ground and looked into his cold eyes, and also at the surrounding environment that might easily lend itself to a trap on my way up, I hesitated. I stood up. ‘No,’ I said. ‘I will hold on to this until I know I am safe.’ I then started cautiously up the path.
“He was clearly angered now. ‘You are foolish!’ he said. ‘You will never be safe with the blade in your possession. Better to throw it away than to keep it. It will destroy you!’
“Feeling a little more confident now, I managed a skeptical, though hesitant, laugh. ‘And what if I should put it in a museum? Or give it to another? Will I still be in danger?’
“As I backed away slowly up the path, watching him until I felt I was a safe distance, he simply stood there, eyeing me coldly as I left.  He said, ‘Whoever possesses the blade…it is better if they had not been born.’
“I turned to look up the path. It would not take me long to get to the top. I had a change of heart, and I turned again to tell the old man I would leave the blade when I was safely at the top. But when I turned around he had disappeared.  I looked around, suspecting trickery, but I did not see him again.
“This was enough to spur me on to the top with great speed. When I reached the top I was relieved to see the landmark of the two pillars. I again considered leaving the crystal on the ground and leaving. But as I placed the blade on the ground, I became aware of the approach of red fog all around me. Indeed, it was all around the canyon. How quickly it swirled around the perimeter! I had such an ominous feeling that I was reluctant to remove my grip on the blade even for an instant. I felt the presence of that old man all around me, as if he were everywhere, watching me, waiting for me to let go of the blade. And if I did…what would become of me? I shuddered to think of it. 
“I held onto the grip more tightly than before, holding the crystal out before me like a blazing torch, as if it were the essence of holiness, and walked blindly into the fog, not knowing if I was going in the right direction. 
“Around me I heard cries in the distance. Oh... how mournful they were! And how sick at heart they made me feel! Even now, to recall those awful cries...
“I continued on, now hearing warrior screams interspersed with the crying. They surrounded me completely. At times I closed my eyes as I pressed onward, in a feeble attempt to drown out the horrible sounds, holding tightly onto the crystal lest it be ripped from my hands by some invisible menace. And yet, as I did so, I felt the fog parting in front of me. In that moment I knew the blade was my protector, and I would not have parted with it for anything. 
“I must have kept my eyes closed for a long time. The cries diminished and eventually receded completely. I opened my eyes, and saw that the fog was gone! I found myself walking along in the desert night, having little idea where I was or in what direction I was headed, until suddenly I saw lights ahead! I heard my name called out, and I was overjoyed to see that it was Harold and Christina looking for me. We greeted each other enthusiastically, and I must have looked quite a sight to them, for the expressions on their faces were very peculiar. As we walked back to camp I related my story to them and the looks on their faces grew even stranger. I asked them for some fresh water, and told them I hadn’t had any for days. 
 “They said ‘What are you talking about?’
“I said, ‘I’ve gone so long without water that I’m dehydrated.’
“Now they both looked at me like I was crazy, and Christina said, ‘But Luis, you’ve only been gone for an hour or two!’
“I was astounded. They said that the fog had completely disappeared within minutes of my reappearance. They had started looking for me only a half-hour earlier, having been afraid of getting lost in the fog themselves. I was visibly shaken, weak, exhausted, and thirsty. And I was starting to think that maybe I was crazy after all. There was no bump on my head, no mark from where I hit myself. Not even any pain.  But I was tired enough to sleep, and so I went to bed in my tent. And as I took off my coat, inside one of the pockets I found the crystal. Mesmerized, I pondered the object for half the remaining night before I finally fell asleep.”
Luis paused for a lengthy period and stared at the fire as he reflected on his own story. He wrung his hands together, then added, “Without that crystal, I would have been convinced, back then and up to this very day, that I had made the whole thing up!…”
#

16 
Luis & Billy
In Name Only

There was a long silence after Luis had finished. Billy nodded to himself as he smoked his pipe, and Luis helped himself to some food. 
“I have heard of this fog,” Billy said. “I have never seen it. I always thought it was only a good story that some people tell when they want some attention. But like a lot of good stories, I figured there must be some truth to it. When you’re a child you hear lots of stories. By the time you get to be an old man, most of them have blown away with the wind. But some of them stick around. Some of them make a good impression on you. That was a good story you just told.”
Luis acknowledged the compliment with a slight smile as he ate.
Outside the wind howled more fiercely. Billy got up and fed more wood to the fire. When he sat down again he smiled and said, “You know, when you told that story you sounded just like a college professor. But it was also good to hear you talk like one of the People.”
Luis shrugged. “I am not really one of the People.”
Billy gestured to him with his pipe. “Of course you are! You are my son!”
Luis nodded complacently. “I am one of the People in name only. I have not lived here for many many years.”
“You cannot change what you are.”
Luis looked down at the floor and contemplated this. “But I did.”
Billy waved him away. “Bah! So you say!” Then he leaned toward his son. “Don’t you want to be one of the People?” 
Luis reflected on this before answering. He did not want to hurt Billy’s feelings. “You may say that I am one of the People because I am a full blood Navajo man.”
“And so you are.”
“But that is a neutral statement. That is like saying I am a full-fledged driver because I have a driver’s license. When you talk about being one of the People, you’re talking about a tie to the land you live on, and the gods you worship. You’re talking about mythology and beliefs. Some of it is real; and some of it…is simply myth now.” 
“What about that story you just told me? Was that real or not?”
Luis looked away, out the window. Was it real? “It was…real.”
“It was real to you,” Billy said, “but someone else might tell you you’re full of shit, maybe even a Navajo. Why? Because some people need to see with their own eyes, and feel with their own hands. The true test of the People is to believe in the things they cannot see, without needing to see them.”
Luis looked at Billy and nodded. “You are right, Pop. Maybe you are more right than you know. All people have beliefs. I think that is the true test of any people’s beliefs.”
“Ha! You mean religion.”
Luis nodded. “Yes, I suppose so, in one sense.”
“I believe that is called faith in the religious words.”
“Yes…faith.”
“Why do you think people need faith in their gods?”
“Because all people wonder where they came from, and faith gives them an answer to give them strength when they weaken, and something to cling to when they have lost a foothold.”
Billy waved his hand. “Ah!…Perhaps some of that is true. But death is the real reason. Everyone knows they’re gonna die, and people need their faith to help them die when the time comes.”
Luis pondered this. “Yes, I suppose some of this is so…”
Billy sat back in his rocker and lit his pipe. “I’m going to tell you something, my son,” he said, staring into the fire. “A long time ago you left our people to join up with the whites, to take up a teaching position, earn some good money, a nice car, a nice house, and all the nice things that white people get to enjoy because they are white. But even though you did all that you are still Navajo inside. You can’t change that. But do you know what has really made you into a white person?”
Luis looked inquisitively at Billy, who puffed his pipe peacefully and said, “Because you are not willing to face your death.”
Luis was angered. “I do not entirely agree! I believe all men are secretly afraid to die!”
Billy nodded. “It is probably so. I don’t know what all men are thinking. But this has nothing to do with fear. It is natural to be afraid to die, to be afraid to face the great mystery. But a man should be willing to face death, because he knows it is coming someday. Not try to run away from it.” He laughed. “If you know the taxman is coming, or your wife’s mother, you can’t run away. You have to stay and greet them, and pretend you are glad to see them. It is the same with death.”
Luis sat and sadly pondered the fire. “Perhaps you are right,” he said.
“Why didn’t you write down your experience?” Billy asked.
Luis fingered his hands nervously. “Because I experienced some things I could not understand, and I could not be objective about them.”
“And maybe some of your white people would laugh at you?”
“Maybe.”
“Sometimes true things in life are hard to believe. Like the Sun. People used to believe the Sun was not so far away in the sky. If they could just stand on the biggest mountain or build a building tall enough, they could touch it. But now we know that the Sun is not only farther away, but it is also much bigger than the earth, and too hot to touch. Why did the Creator make it that way?”
Luis sighed. “The Sun is so far away because the earth would burn up if it were closer.”
“So they say. But if that is so, then why didn’t the Creator just make the Sun smaller and bring it closer to the earth?”
Luis smiled. “Pop, I don’t remember you being such a philosopher.”
Billy laughed and poured them both another drink. “I wanna hear some more of your friend’s story,” he said.
#
17
Annie
Bad Company

I drifted somewhere between the world of sleep and dreams. If I was asleep, I did not know it. Whether I observed dreams or was witness to actual distorted reality, I did not know.  I drifted for hours, for days. I did not know how long; it could have been an eternity. I felt strangely overcome, and yet I seemed to care no longer about where I was or what had happened to me. Perhaps I felt content to simply “be” where I was. I felt neither hunger, nor thirst, nor pain, nor pleasure…it occurred to me that I might have died. In this manner I existed, completely alone as before, until a sound jarred me back into a conscious state. 
My eyes blinked open and I sat upright startled. I sucked in an astonished breath and looked around me. I saw only darkness. I was in the arroyo, sitting at the bottom of the slope. Several yards away the dark shadow of my jeep reminded me in which world I still remained. Inwardly I groaned, but my ears remained alert. I was certain I had heard a sound, and now I was sharply attentive to the possibility of hearing another. The thought of coming face to face with another fanged creature was unnerving. Again I had visions of my bones being scattered all over the arroyo.
Then my heart nearly stopped as I saw a beam of light shooting over my head into the darkness beyond! Someone was coming toward me! Someone was coming! I held my breath and for a moment I almost forgot how to breathe at all. Within seconds the light was shining down on me from above. “Hello!” I said,  “Who’s there? Who are you?” Then a second light shone down on me, and then a third. “Your lights are blinding me. Would you please stop shining them directly at me?”
I heard voices then, familiar voices. “Look! It’s that doctor woman.”
“How the hell did she get here?”
“Who are you?” I yelled up, feeling wary of them. 
“Take it easy lady,” one of them said, “Nobody’s gonna hurt you.”
“Hey Johnny, look what we got here!”
Another shadow stood atop the bank and stared down shining yet another light. “Well whattaya know.  What’s the matter, lady, get another flat?”
There was laughter all around and they all started down the bank. I backed away a few steps as they surveyed my area. “How’d you get here?” Johnny Bear Slayer asked, shining the light in my face. I felt angered by this and said, “Will you please put that light down?” After a moment’s hesitation, he lowered it and shined it around. “I’m exploring,” I said, “I had some trouble with my jeep.”
“More trouble, eh?”
I shrugged and managed a nervous laugh. “Yeah, well, some days nothing goes right.”
He laughed, but it did not make me feel better. “That’s for sure, lady. You got a name?”
I started to answer but then had to clear my throat from my nervousness around him. “My name is Annie…Dr. Ann Weston.” 
“You’re a Doctor? You fix people up?”
“No. I’m…not that kind of doctor. I’m a PhD. I teach at a university.”
“College professor, huh? You know anything about the other kind of doctorin’?”
“You mean first aid? Well, I know some, yes. Why?”
He continued to survey the area with his light. “Where’s your jeep, Doc?”
“It’s over there, in the wash around the bend. I’m afraid I turned it over.”
“Okay, let’s go have a look.”
“Wait a minute!” I interrupted. “I have a few questions to ask you first…”
He stood there waiting for my questions, and I realized the only question I could think of at the moment was “Where are we?” and I didn’t want to ask that just yet. I said, “Why did you ask me if I’m a medical doctor? Is someone hurt?”
“Yeah, I got a man up there with a bad leg.”
“What happened?”
“Some kind of animal got him. Don’t know what.”
“Then I’ll look at his leg at once.”
“Let’s have a look at your jeep first.”
“Why is that so important?”
“Because I want to know if we’re all gonna be able to get outta here, that’s why.” He began walking down around the bend and I followed along. A couple of the others trailed behind. In moments we stood next to the jeep and he shined his light on it. My mouth opened in surprise; the jeep looked much older than I remembered it, dull, rusty. “This thing looks like a piece of junk,” Johnny Bear Slayer said, “How old is it?”
I shook my head. “Only a couple of years old, no more. How could it rust like that?”
“How long have you been here Doc?”
“Only a couple of …” I stopped and thought. I didn’t know; I truly didn’t know. He said, “Let me guess. You don’t know… You’ve been wandering around here and now you ain’t got the faintest idea where you are or how long you been here. That about right?”
I was shocked to hear him say this. And yet I felt relieved to hear someone confirm what I had suspected all along. I wanted to cry, but I held myself in check. I swallowed hard and nodded. “Yes, that’s right. That’s exactly right. How do you know this? Do you know where we are?”
Johnny Bear Slayer said, “Let’s give a hand here boys and turn this jeep over. Maybe we’ll get lucky.”
“What happened to your trucks?” I asked. “And your horses?”
He gave me a steel-eyed look, and then he and two of the other men braced themselves and heaved the jeep over. The tires were flat. The leather seats looked dusty, dull and weathered with time. The keys were still in the ignition. Johnny Bear Slayer tried to start it, but there was no response at all. He tried once more then gave it up. “That’s it. This jeep ain’t goin nowhere.”  One of the men cursed aloud.
Again I asked Johnny Bear Slayer. “What happened?”
He stared back at me with a look I can only describe as suspicion, as if he didn’t want to tell me anything. Then he said, “Our trucks ain‘t nothing but rusty nuts and bolts by now, including the trailers, just like your jeep. The horses…they lit out right away. They never made it in here.”
“Made it in where?” I asked.
He stared at me again with a look of skepticism. “You really don’t know where you are, do you?”
I shook my head, afraid now to hear the answer.
One of the other men, Jimmy Walks Like Rooster, suddenly laughed and said “Lady, you wanna know where you are? I’ll tell you where you are. You’re nowhere! You’re fuckin’ nowhere… just like the rest of us!” He laughed again, but it was an uneasy sound. One of the others also laughed, picked up a rock and threw it hard out of the arroyo. It disappeared into the darkness. “Fuck this place!” he yelled after the rock.
“Take it easy you guys!” Johnny Bear Slayer said. “Don’t go getting crazy. That’s all I need right now, you guys goin’ bazookas on me. Next thing you know you’ll be runnin’ away like Freddy, outta your fuckin’ minds.”
“So whatta we do now?” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said.
Johnny Bear Slayer looked around. “For now we stay here and rest. This is good as any place.” He turned to me. “You got any food?”
I shrugged. “Some, not much.”
He nodded. “Let’s walk back,” he said. As we walked Jimmy Walks Like Rooster and the other man, Snakebelly, led the way. Johnny Bear Slayer talked to me as if he didn’t want the others to hear. He asked me, “Have you been hungry?”
I said “No, not lately. I think I’m too weary to eat. Sometimes I feel thirsty, but not always.”
As we walked he watched me cautiously with those sharp eyes. I tried not to look back at him. I didn’t want to know what he was thinking. “Listen to me,” he said, “My boys there don’t understand what is happening. None of us have eaten for days or had no water. It doesn’t bother me too much because I know in this place I don’t need water or food. That’s just the way this place is. But see those guys don’t know that. They still think they’re hungry; they still think they need water.”
“They don’t need food or water?” I asked, incredulous.
“That’s right,” he said, “and neither do you.”
“But that’s crazy,” I said, “Everyone needs water at least…”
“Yeah, that’s right, in the regular world. But we ain’t there in the regular world no more, in case you haven’t figured that out yet.”
I stopped and looked into those awful eyes, this time without flinching. “Where are we then?” I asked.
“We’re in the hidden land,” he said. 
“Hidden land…how do you know that?” I asked.
“How do you recognize any place?” he said insolently.
My mouth dropped open when I heard this, as it dawned on me what he meant. He walked on a few feet, then stopped and turned impatiently to me, as if beckoning. “You’ve been here before…” I said. Again he scrutinized me. “How well do you know the way of power?” he asked.
I stared blankly back at him, knowing what he was asking, yet not understanding what he meant. “Well,” I said, “I’ve read books…”
“Books?” he scoffed with a laugh, “You think you can find your way into this world by reading books?” He laughed aloud. “Books are no good here. Books will not bring you real power. If you don’t understand the way of power, you can’t understand how to open the doors to many worlds.”
“Many worlds?” I said, “Beside this one?”
“Of course!” 
We walked further in silence for a moment. Then I asked, “Your name is Johnny Bear Slayer, right?”  He looked me over with a leering glance. “My name is Johnny Bear Slayer. That’s right.”
I nodded. “Okay. Then tell me this Johnny Bear Slayer. If you can open the doors to many worlds, then why can’t you find your way out of this one?”
A smile grew on his face, and I didn’t like it at all. It was malicious looking. But I held my ground and continued to stare him down. “That’s a good question Doc. I got some ideas on that, but I think we’ll talk about that later. Right now, I need you to go take care of Jess’s leg.”
I felt miffed by his tone of voice. He was obviously used to ordering people around. Nevertheless, I agreed to have a look, and we went up the slope to where his man Jess lay on the ground with a makeshift crutch lying next to him. His right leg was extremely bloody. He looked weakened in his condition; his breathing was rapid. There was a handkerchief around his mid calf. I took it off and he winced terribly as I did so. When I saw what was underneath I felt fainthearted, but I summoned resolve. Almost all of his calf muscle had been torn off. “My God!” I said, “You were hunting mountain lions…Is that what did this?”
An uneasy silence answered me as I looked around the faces of the others. “It wasn’t no lion…”  Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said. 
“Never mind what it was,” Johnny Bear Slayer said, “Can you help him?”
“I’ve got some hydrogen peroxide, Unguentine and gauze. It’s not much… his injury needs medical attention, not first aid…but I guess it will be better than what‘s on there now.” I went to my pack to get it, and with help from the others turned Jess over on his belly. “This may hurt him,” I said to the others, “You’ll need to hold him down while I clean the wound.” They all nodded and each man grabbed one of Jess’s limbs and they all held him spread-eagle while I cut away some of his pants leg. Jess began whimpering even as I peeled back some of the handkerchief which stuck to his wound. I could smell the rotten infection that had set in. I knew that the hydrogen peroxide and Unguentine would do no good at all. Still, I unscrewed the cap and poured the peroxide on the wound. It began foaming white immediately on contact and Jess screamed in pain and tried to shake loose, but the men held him down tight. He cried out, and I felt tears coming to my own eyes, but I could not weaken now. I measured lengths of gauze bandage and spread as much Unguentine on the wound as possible without actually touching the infected areas, then proceeded to wrap the leg. The pain became great for him, so much so that he fainted during the middle of this operation, and I felt relieved for both of us. I finished quickly and tied it off. “That’s about the best I can do for now,” I said, “He needs proper medical attention, more than I can give him. If that wound isn’t treated properly soon, he’ll lose the leg.”
Johnny Bear Slayer spat on the ground. “He’s a goner anyway,” he said under his breath, “Anybody out here gets wounded is a goner.”
“Not if we get out of here.”
He snorted a laugh. “I don’t know if I’d take that bet, Doc.”
“Why not? You said you’ve been here before.”
He sat down. “Yep.”
“How many times have you been here?”
He shrugged. “A lot.”
“Well, how did you get out?”
“Same way I got in.”
“How did you get in?”
“How’d you get in, Doc?”
“I…I don’t know. It all seemed to happen after my jeep overturned. I didn’t even know I was here. I got lost. I couldn’t find my way.”
He was looking up at me skeptically. “Why don’t you sit down, Doc? You’re givin’ me a stiff neck.” 
I sat down indignantly. Then I said, “You don’t believe me, do you?”
“How should I know?”
The others gathered around now; Jimmy Walks Like Rooster threw a blanket over Jess. 
“Listen Johnny Bear Slayer!” I said, “I have more reason to distrust you than you have to distrust me!”
“Is that so?”
“That’s right! I’m a university professor doing legitimate research here (I winced at my use of the word “legitimate”). You’re all hunting a bunch of mountain lions for purposes of revenge.”
“This ain’t your land, Doc!”
Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said, “This ain’t our land either, least not right now it ain’t. Don’t feel like ours.”
“This is a dead land,” another man said, whose name was Bobby Three Ears. “This is not the land of the Dine’.”
Everyone was quiet for a moment. Then I said, “How did you get out of here before?”
Johnny Bear Slayer reached into a pocket and produced some chewing tobacco. He tore off a bit and stuck it in his mouth. “Through one of the doors,” he said.
I blinked at him. “Doors? What doors?”
“Don’t know what else you’d call ‘em,” he said. “Doors. Not like doors you swing open. More like holes you walk through and wham! You’re there! Right boys?” The others nodded and laughed nervously in agreement. “See? They know. We’ve all been here before.”
“Why do you come here?” I asked.
He stared at me and his eyes narrowed into small slits. I had a feeling I wasn’t going to get a straight answer, but then Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said, “We find stuff…”
“What kind of stuff?” I asked.
Johnny Bear Slayer suddenly scooped up a rock and hurled it at Jimmy Walks Like Rooster. “Shut up, you idiot!” he said. The rock bounced off of Jimmy’s left arm. He winced from the pain and said no more. Johnny Bear Slayer said, “Just lookin’ around, same as you.”
I found that hard to believe. “What happened?”
“The door opened and we came in. Then the door closed and I couldn’t open it again. I don’t know why.”
“You can control the doors?” I asked, surprised. “How do you do that?”
He grunted. Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said,  “Johnny Bear Slayer is a man of great power!”
“Man of power?… Are you a singer, a shaman?”
Johnny Bear Slayer stared at me, saying nothing. I looked at Jimmy Walks Like Rooster; he simply shrugged.
“I see. You’re more powerful than a singer of medicine. So you are not a medicine man…” They were all smiling somewhat now, and I said, “The Navajos call certain men of power skin walker…”
The others laughed, all except Johnny Bear Slayer. “That’s right, Doc,” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said, “Skin walker! Skin walker!”
I saw Johnny Bear Slayer glaring at me, and I said, “Look, I don’t really care what you call yourself. I’m more concerned with getting out of here.”
Johnny Bear Slayer spat some tobacco juice. “I can’t help you, Doc. Door’s shut, and right now I can’t get it open.”
“Do you know why?”
He shrugged. “Maybe somebody’s got their foot against it.”
The others laughed again. I said,  “I don’t understand…”
He lifted up his hands and slammed his right fist into his left hand. “Something’s blocking the door.” He stared at me and I could feel the deep penetration of his eyes. I swallowed hard. “What’s…what’s blocking it?…” I asked.
“I don’t know, Doc. Maybe it’s you. Maybe you’re blocking the door.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“What I mean is, you got in here, right? You found a doorway in here where there shouldn’t been no door. Maybe you made your own.”
“What?” I laughed. “You’ve got to be kidding! How would I do that?”
Johnny Bear Slayer spat again. “That’s what I’d like to know.” He held up his left hand and shined a flashlight on it. “See that?” I gasped at the sight of his palm, which revealed whitened scar tissue, as if he had badly burned it long ago. “How…how did that happen?” I asked, sensing the answer already. 
He grunted. “Remember when we shook hands back at Willie’s place? Somehow you fucked my hand up, Doc. Now how did you do that, I wonder?”
I stared aghast at his hand. I couldn’t believe I had done that. Could I? And yet, I remembered fainting at that time, waking up later and wondering what had happened, remembering the intense energy I had felt when our hands touched. There seemed little question that I had done it. After all, my own hand had been unharmed…
“Maybe we got us another skin walker,” Bobby Three Ears laughed. He stood up and pulled out a leather sling from his pocket and twirled it around his fingers, first one way and then the other, smiling at me all the while. He had rough chiseled features, but was fairly good looking. He had one missing front tooth. Johnny Bear Slayer said, “Maybe Bobby Three Ears is right.”
“You’re wrong,” I said, “I’m no skin walker.”
They all laughed, including Johnny Bear Slayer. “Maybe you are, and you just don’t know it,” he said.
I gave a nervous laugh. “If I was,” I said, “I sure wouldn’t be hanging around here now, would I?”
Johnny Bear Slayer shrugged. “Maybe. Maybe you can leave anytime you want and you’re just waitin’ for us to leave…”
“So she can grab all the treasure for herself!” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said, practically hopping up and down. Johnny Bear Slayer threw another rock at him. “Shut up you idiot!” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster winced in pain and fell over. The others laughed.
I laughed also, uneasily. I hoped it didn’t sound that way. “Treasure? There’s no treasure here. You don’t really believe that.”
Johnny Bear Slayer kept staring, and I wished I’d had an ice pick so I could put out those eyes. “I ain’t sure what I believe about you yet,” he said.
Bobby Three Ears picked up a small stone and twirled it in his sling round and round, and let the rock go, far into the darkness. He yelled aloud, watching it go. “Not so loud!” Johnny Bear Slayer said. 
“Why is your name Bobby Three Ears?” I asked to change the subject.
“Because I hear real good,” he laughed. “I was in the Navy; I was a radar man because I got good hearing, a good sense of things, if you know what I mean...”
“Are you good with that sling?”
He smiled. “As good as I wanna be.” He twirled it around his fingers. I didn’t doubt him.  “You hear anything now, Bobby Three Ears?”
He closed his eyes for a moment then opened them. “Nope. We’re safe. Nobody here but us chickens.” He laughed, and the others joined in.
“Safe from what?” I asked.
He smiled, revealing the large gap in his teeth. He leaned forward somewhat and whispered,  “From the Soyoko…” He stopped himself, looked hesitantly at Johnny Bear Slayer who glared back at him. Bobby Three Ears shrugged and continued twirling his sling. “I mean…some kinda animal…”
“Soyoko,” I said, “A Hopi word… monster…”
Bobby Three Ears widened his eyes at me and nodded. “That’s what the Hopis call it. You know what a Tchindi is?”
“Tchindi… Yes. Navajo. Spirit of the dead…” 
“Hey, all right, Doc!” he said. He gestured to the others. “She knows…” 
Johnny Bear Slayer said, “You talk too much!…”
“What kind of monster?” I asked, “The same one that tried to bite off Jess’s leg?”  No one said anything at first. I looked at Bobby Three Ears and he finally nodded. “Was it an animal?” I asked.
He grunted a laugh.  “Shit, no! Tchindi! It weren’t no animal, I’ll tell you that much…” He was about to say more, when Johnny Bear Slayer yelled “Shut up, you idiot! Do I have to sew your fucking mouth shut?”
Bobby Three Ears gave him a menacing look back, threw up his hands. “What’s the big deal? She ain’t no fucking witch.”
“How do you know?” Johnny Bear Slayer said.
“She ain’t,” Bobby said. He pointed one finger to his right ear. “I know.” Johnny Bear Slayer remained silent for the moment. Bobby looked at me and came closer, scrutinizing me. “She’s something though. I ain’t sure what. She ain’t normal; but she ain’t no witch.”
I couldn’t believe my ears. “You think I’m a witch?” I asked, looking at Johnny Bear Slayer. This time he avoided my gaze and stared out into the darkness. “Look,” I said, “I’m not sure what’s going on here, or what kind of trouble you boys are in, but I think from now you go your way and I’ll go mine. It’s been swell, but I’m on my own expedition here and I don’t need any partners at this point. So good bye…good luck.” I stood up and climbed down into the wash to get my pack. When I hoisted it to my shoulders I saw the others standing atop the bank, looking down at me. Slowly they began descending the slope toward me. “I wouldn’t go out there if I were you,” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said.
“You don’t know what’s out there,” Snakebelly said.
“I’ll take my chances,” I said backing away slowly.
“You oughta stay with us,” Bobby Three Ears said, “You’ll be safer.”
“I’ll be all right,” I said, backing away a little faster, “Goodbye, boys.”
Johnny Bear Slayer stepped in front and said nothing, only watched me as I backed away. I swallowed hard, then turned and began walking through the arroyo at a quick pace, anywhere to get away from these men. I walked as fast as I could without running. My legs began shaking and I thought I might fall at any moment.
A small rock sailed past me. I thought nothing of it, until another flew past, only inches from my ear. Bobby Three Ears yelled out. “Next one’s gonna touch the top of your head, Doc.” I shook with fear and kept walking. I heard the whirl of his sling cutting the air, and then I felt a small stone fly through my hair and continue on ahead of me. I heard laughter from behind. I stopped.  “Next one’s right in the back of your head, Doc. Now come on back here like a good girl.”
I stared straight ahead and thought to myself, I’m dead anyway. Nothing to lose. Then I started running through the arroyo. I heard yelling and footsteps behind me. Another rock sailed past me, just missing my head. I remembered my gun in my pack, but there was no time to retrieve it now. 
I felt a sting in the back of my injured knee, and I knew I had been hit. My sore knee screamed in pain and I began limping. I threw my pack off and reached for my gun, but then someone tackled me and we fell to the ground. I was thrown onto my back and looked up and saw Snakebelly smiling back at me. “Hey Doc, where y’ goin? Party’s just starting.”
He pressed his weight onto me, his fat lips down onto mine, and in a split second one of his hands was on my breasts and the other was trying to pull my pants down. I screamed and struggled to hit him, but he was fat and strong.
Suddenly he yelled “Oww!” and jumped off to the side. I sat upright and scurried away from him warily. Bobby Three Ears twirled his sling above his head. “Hey!” Snakebelly yelled, “What’re you doin’, man?”
In answer Bobby Three Ears let fly another stone, and like a bullet it sped to its mark. Snakebelly yelled again, his hands covering a now bloody forehead. Blood oozed through his fingers as he backed away. “Oww! You goddam bastard! Cut it out!”
 “Next one’s goin’ right through your brain, asshole!”
“Okay, okay!” Snakebelly said. “I was just kiddin’ around.”
Johnny Bear Slayer walked up to the cowering Snakebelly and said, “You try another stunt like that and I’ll turn you into your namesake! Got it?”
Snakebelly nodded humbly. Johnny Bear Slayer looked at me and said “Get up!” I did so with no argument. I wondered how I might get my gun. 
Johnny Bear Slayer stared at me for a long time, then said, “Now hear this.” He laughed and turned to Bobby. “Ain’t that what they say in the Navy when they want your attention, Bobby? ‘Now hear this’?”
Bobby Three Ears grinned. “That’s right, Johnny. That’s what they say.”
Johnny Bear Slayer nodded. “Okay, Doc. Now hear this: You ain’t goin’ nowhere. You’ve just joined our little expedition. You might say you’ve just become a potential asset to our group.”
“Really… Why is that?” I asked nervously.
He held up my gun. “Nice piece. But I don’t think you’ll be needing this. Guns are for men, not for little girls.” He stuck the gun in his belt. The others laughed. Then he held up Luis’ crystal dagger in its sheath, and my heart sank. “Well, well,” he said, “Where’d you get this little beauty?”
I said nothing as he pulled it out of its sheath and handled it. “Hmm?” he asked, still admiring the piece, showing it to the others. “I asked you a question, Doc.”
“It belongs to a friend of mine.”
“Oh? Who’s your friend?”
“A…another professor at the university. He gave it to me, and I’d like it back.”
Johnny Bear Slayer laughed. “You know what you are, Doc? You’re a fuckin’ liar.” He walked in a small circle while he examined the crystal. “You know, Snakebelly, I think you might be right. Maybe there is treasure here.” 
Snakebelly grinned and gestured to the others. “See? See?”
“I said you might be right,” Johnny grunted, “But you’re still an idiot.” He held up the crystal to me. “You know what I think, Doc? I think you got this piece around here. I ain’t sure where, but I think we’ll all know soon’s you tell us, right?”
I stared back at him, wishing for just one chance for my gun, one chance to shoot him in the head. I felt dizzy. I couldn’t believe this was happening. I kept silent. Somewhere in the far distance of my mind a tiny voice was trying to convince me none of this was real.
Johnny Bear Slayer nodded with a smirk. “The silent treatment, eh? Indian woman speaks her mind; white woman gives you the silent treatment.” The others laughed at this.  
He stood there staring at me with that crazy crooked half smile and awful eyes. I didn’t want to look at him any more. I looked away.  He shrugged. “Okay by me… We can do this the nasty way if you want. Snakebelly, go get some rope.”
Snakebelly let out a yell and ran off. I looked around nervously at the others. I wanted to make a break for it, but in truth my legs shook so much, and my knee hurt, that this would have been impossible. I tried to show no fear. “What are you going to do? Hang me?”
They all laughed. “Maybe, if we get bored enough,” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said, “That depends on you. Tell the man what he wants to know, Doc.”
“Yeah, Shpill the beans, Shweetheart,” Bobby Three Ears said, trying to sound like Humphrey Bogart.
Snakebelly came running back with the rope. “All right, c’mon you guys,” I said, “Enough of this. Let’s stop kidding around here…”
“Who’s kiddin’?”  Snakebelly giggled.
In a split second Snakebelly had a noose tightened around my neck. I panicked at the realization that I was to be hanged after all and I started to struggle. “Tie her hands behind her,” Johnny Bear Slayer ordered. Jimmy Walks Like Rooster held my hands behind me as Snakebelly quickly had my hands tightly bound. Everyone cheered then as Snakebelly led me around like a prize horse, quickly enough that I stumbled. I wanted to cry, though I tried not to let them see it. Snakebelly was making all sorts of disgusting noises. “Bring her over to the slope here, by the Juniper tree,” Johnny Bear Slayer said. I was lifted up by the others, who were still cheering, and carried over to the slope. I saw the tree up on the ledge. They’re going to hang me from that tree! I thought. Oh God, I’m going to die right now!  
Johnny Bear Slayer said, “Take that rope off her neck and put it around her feet.” In a moment this was done, and next thing I knew I was lying upside down on the slope of the wash, with my feet hanging from the tree. The others stood back a few feet and laughed. There were all sorts of comments being made which I didn’t understand. I was dizzy, and felt the blood rushing to my head. I thought I was going to be sick. I struggled to free my hands. I shouted at them, but I don’t remember what I said. I heard only the humiliating laughter of these insane men. In that moment I despaired of any hope, for I felt certain I was about to die.  
Johnny Bear Slayer walked up to me and stared at me. I watched his upside down frame and I trembled, waiting for the worst. A blow? A knife perhaps? Instead, he knelt down and picked up a handful of sandy soil, then stood up again. He held his hand about two or three feet above my face and slowly let the grains fall from his hand. They fell against my face, and I choked as sand entered my nose, eyes, and mouth. I began coughing and struggling in my bonds. He knelt down and picked up another handful of sand and held it up. I yelled, “Stop it!”  But he again let the sand flow down into my face. I jerked my face back and forth trying to avoid it, but again I began choking on the sand. Snakebelly was laughing and handed Johnny Bear Slayer something. Johnny Bear Slayer said “All that sand can make you very parched and thirsty. Maybe some water?” He held a canteen over my head and trickled water onto my face. I choked on water entering my nose. “Stop it!” I yelled again. 
He came closer, and I had the distinct sensation he was afraid to touch me. He said, “You know what happens if you hang like this long enough, Doc? All your guts will hang down and collapse your lungs. Eventually you run out of air.” 
There was a period of silence then as the others stopped laughing. One by one they backed away. “Oh, one more thing,” he said, “It happens very slowly… and painfully.” He sat down a few feet away, facing me. The others stood around, looking uneasy. 
I craned my neck to see where he was, and saw him sitting cross legged about ten feet away. I saw his hand fly up and more sand and gravel flew against my face. I yelled and squeezed my eyes shut.  “Okay,” I sputtered, “You win! I’ll tell you where I got it. I’ll tell you whatever you want to know…”
There was no answer at first. “I said I’ll tell you! Now get me down from here!” I looked to see where he was. He was sitting there with his eyes closed. I heard Bobby Three Ears say “Enough, man, she don’t know nothing! Just cut her loose!” I heard no reply from Johnny Bear Slayer. 
Then Bobby Three Ears said, “Fuck this, man! I’m cutting her down.” I saw him coming toward me, and then suddenly Johnny Bear Slayer jumped up and did something I couldn’t see, but Bobby Three Ears stopped where he was, and sounded like he was choking. I was struggling to position myself enough to see, but all I could tell was that Bobby Three Ears had somehow been halted by Johnny Bear Slayer. Then Bobby Three Ears began breathing again in gasps, and said “All right, all right!” and walked away. Johnny Bear Slayer came up to me and said in a soft tone, “You ready to talk to me?”
“Yes!” I said, “Yes, I’m ready!”
“Good!” he said, “I want you to think carefully about what you’re gonna say to me. When I come back, we’ll have us a nice little chat, eh?”
“What? When you come back? Don’t leave me here! I want to get down now! I can’t take this anymore…”
“Oh don’t worry,” he said, “It gets worse…”
He leaned in closer and showed me the crystal dagger. He took it out of its sheath and slowly brought it to my throat. I closed my eyes, waiting to feel the sharp blade slicing my neck open. But instead he unbuttoned the top button of my shirt, then the next one, then the next, then with the tip of the blade gently spread the shirt wide enough to expose part of my breasts hanging out of the cups of my brassiere. “Snakebelly will watch you while I’m gone,” he said, “If you don’t tell me what I want to hear when I’m ready to hear it, then your clothes will be stripped away and I’ll leave you alone with Snakebelly for ten minutes. Understand?”
I held back my tears. “I told you I’m ready to talk!” I said angrily.
He began walking away. “I said…when I’m ready to hear it…”
I shouted. “Goddam you!” 
Snakebelly sat down a few feet from me and stared at me. He was breathing hard, and still had blood on his face. I tried to ignore him. I was feeling weaker, and the pressure in my head was beginning to throb painfully. In the distance I heard Johnny Bear Slayer and Bobby Three Ears arguing. I closed my eyes, and I think I must have passed out, for when I next opened them Johnny Bear Slayer was shaking me, saying “Wake up, Doc!”  My body jerked in panic, forgetting where I was. I didn’t know how much time had passed, but it was daylight again.  Johnny Bear Slayer brought a canteen to my lips and poured in a few drips of water. “We will talk now,” he said. “Now tell me where you got this crystal. Tell me now.”
“Let me down first…please.”
He paused, then said, “You talk now, or I’ll come back later…”
“No!…Okay. The crystal came from a canyon, a cave. I don’t know where it is. I got it from my friend. He was there. I was looking for it.”
“Didn’t he tell you where the cave is?”
“No. He doesn’t even know I’m here.”
“Don’t you have a map? How’d you expect to find it?”
“By looking. By blind luck. I don’t know. I thought I’d get lucky…”
Johnny Bear Slayer leaned in toward me. “Doc, you just ran outta luck. That’s a bullshit story and I don’t buy it.”
“It’s the truth, goddamit!”
“I think the truth is you’ve been to this cave and you were on your way outta here, figuring to come back later and get some more of the goods. That right?”
I couldn’t believe my ears. He wasn’t going to believe me, no matter how I pleaded with him. My breathing was getting painfully shallow. I said “Okay, that’s right. I was going to come back later and all, just like you said…”
“Only now you’re gonna go back a little sooner than expected, and we’re going with you, right?”
“Yeah, right.” I agreed. Anything to get down from here.
“Just one more thing, Doc. Just one more question, then I’ll let you down, okay? You wanna get down from here, doncha?”
“Yeah,” I said, “Yeah, I wanna get down…”
“Good. Then just tell me how you got in here.”
“What? I don’t know what you mean…”
“How’d you get in here? How’d you find the door? What kind of power have you got?”
“Oh God!…I don’t know. I mean…I don’t have any power. Suddenly I was just here. That’s all I can tell you…”
Johnny Bear Slayer paused, then said, “That’s bullshit, Doc. You come out here by yourself and manage to find your way in here. None of my boys could find their way in here without me, you know what I mean? You’re by yourself! How’d you get in here?”
I started to cry. “I don’t know…”
“Well…maybe you don’t…and maybe you do. I’ll tell you one thing for sure, Doc. It wasn’t no hot coal that burned up my hand like this.” He held it up in front of my face. “See that? You did it, Doc, with whatever power you got inside you. It hurt me, but it didn’t hurt you, and I don’t like that. I gotta know what it is.”
“I can’t tell you that, because I don’t know!”
He was silent for a while, then said, “All right, Doc, maybe you’re right. Maybe you don’t know how you got this power. But you know what? Sometimes a little pain is just the thing to trigger the power, a little demonstration, you know what I mean? A long time ago I had to put myself through a lot of pain so I could learn to control the power I had inside me. My master taught me that.  So I’m gonna do you a favor here and help you bring that power out in yourself. Are you ready to summon your power, Doc?”
I felt half faint from exhaustion. “Oh God…I don’t know… I don’t know what to tell you…”
“Well…okay, then…We’ll talk a little later, Doc. I’m gonna check back with you one more time. After that you and Snakebelly are gonna elope for ten minutes, and then who knows what after that?…”
My heart sank. I tried to protest, but I was too weak to talk or move by this time. Inside I felt something shaking up and down my spine. I didn’t know what was happening, but it felt strangely familiar, neither pleasurable nor painful…
Bobby Three Ears came hurrying over. “Johnny! Johnny!”
“What’s the matter?”
“We gotta move! Now!”
“What?…”
“It’s coming!”
“Are you sure?”
“I can hear it plain as day. It found us, man! It’s coming now, it’s coming fast! We gotta go!”
#
18
Annie
The Tchindi

“Which direction?” Johnny said.
Bobby Three Ears pointed west. “There!”
Johnny Bear Slayer looked around for a moment, then at me. “Shit!” he hissed, “Okay, cut her down. Put that rope around her neck and bring her along. Let’s move!”
“What about Jess?”
Johnny Bear Slayer began running toward the others. “Leave him!”
In one deft movement Bobby Three Ears loosened the rope and set me down quickly, but gently, then released my hands. I groaned in pain as the blood began circulating through my legs again. He slipped the noose around my neck. “That isn’t necessary,” I said. He shrugged. “Sorry Doc, but Johnny sort of has a way about him, you know?”
“What did he do to you back there?”
Bobby Three Ears stopped and looked at me. There was a brief look of fear on his face. Then he gave the rope a gently but firm tug. “Don’t ask,” he said, “And hope he never does it to you. Now c’mon. We gotta go!”
He helped me stand up and I immediately collapsed. “I can’t,” I said, “My legs are too weak from hanging.”
“Shit!” he said, “That goddam bastard…” He grabbed my hands and hoisted me on his back and carried me piggyback up the slope on the east side. “What’s going on?” I asked him. “What’s coming?”
I could see the others quickly grabbing their gear and hurrying to follow us. “You’ll find out soon enough,” Bobby Three Ears said.
Jess sat up and saw them all running away. “Wait!” he cried, “Wait! Don’t leave me here!” He stood himself up and began hobbling on his crutch. “You assholes! Don’t leave me!…”
Bobby Three Ears let me down. “Can you walk now?” he said. I answered with a nod and he said, “That poor bastard will never make it.”
Just then there was a flash of light not far from us, near where Jess had lain, and in the light I saw the silhouette of a strange creature emerge from within a large rock. It stepped through as if it had walked out of a cave. My eyes widened in horror, for I had never seen the likes of this creature before. It was dark, tall, almost eight feet tall I guessed, with dark flowing hair on a head that seemed oversized and deformed. Its body seemed to be that of a hairy naked man, but its head was so grossly deformed as to be a combination of animal and human. As soon as it appeared it made a hideous noise that gave me chills, and then it sniffed the air in all directions. Its eyes looked like small slits, and I guessed it could not see very well. But its sense of smell seemed very acute, for it stalked Jess, who was making his way toward the wash, toward us, as fast as his crippled leg would carry him. The creature began to follow easily, and I could see now that it also had an enormous mouth. The head and face looked so grossly misshapen, so hideous looking, I could not believe nature was capable of such a creation, and I wanted to divert my eyes from it in revulsion. But I didn’t.
In seconds it had apparently picked up Jess’s scent and bounded after him with the agility of a lion. Jess raised his crutch in defense and made a feeble attempt to beat the creature off, but the creature snapped the crutch like a dry piece of Juniper twig. Jess screamed as the creature lifted him up effortlessly with one arm and began making its way back to the cave from which it had come. Just before it reached the cave Jess managed to slip free briefly. He fell to the ground, screaming in holy terror, “Help me! Help me!”  He tried to crawl away, but the creature was on him swiftly again, lifting him high and dragging him toward the opening.
Jimmy Walks Like Rooster swung his rifle up. “You can’t kill it with that!”  Snakebelly said. “No!” Jimmy said, ‘but I can sure as hell hit Jess from here and put the poor bastard out of his misery!” He took aim, but before he could squeeze the trigger, the creature instantly disappeared with Jess, and all was quiet. Everyone stood motionless, staring at the rock that remained in place of the opening that had been there moments before. There was only the sound of Jimmy Walks Like Rooster releasing the hammer. He slung the rifle and muttered “Shit!…”
Johnny Bear Slayer bit off some chew tobacco then spat. “Let’s get outta here while we still can!”
He grabbed the rope from Bobby Three Ears and yanked me along. The others followed. He kept a swift pace and I was limping along as best I could. “Keep a good lookout , Bobby,” he said. He turned to me. “That creature is likely to pop up anytime and anywhere from now on.”
“Can we outrun it?” I asked.
“The only way to outrun it is to find a new door to go through,” he said, “So unless we find one soon, we’re all gonna end up like Jess.”
“What about your rifles?” I asked.
“Ain’t no good. We’ve tried them. That thing doesn’t even bleed.”
“Maybe you’re not aiming in the right place.”
He looked back at me as we hurried along. “Maybe. We haven’t a chance to ask it yet where its weak spot is.”
“Then how do we find a doorway?”
“We keep goin’ and we keep lookin’.”
I was getting tired, being already weakened from hanging, and Johnny Bear Slayer kept up a quick pace. I hung on to the rope with my hands to keep my neck from being jolted. “I don’t understand any of this,” I said. “I’m tired. I’ve got to stop.”
“Keep going!” he commanded.
“I can’t!” I yelled. I yanked the rope back and almost pulled him down. He looked at me with a surprised expression. “I’ve got to stop!” I said, “You hung me upside down and left me there for a long time. My knee is hurting from being hit by a stone, the same knee I hurt when my jeep turned over! I’ve got to stop and rest!” I sank down to my knees. “You want to drag me? Fine! Drag me! But I’m not walking another step until I rest!” We stared at each other, and this time I was determined to stare him down. “Besides, you said it yourself. We’re all going to end up like Jess if we don’t find another way out of here. And you don’t seem to know where the next door is. So what’s the point if we move on or stay here?”
Johnny Bear Slayer stared at me contemplatively for a moment, then nodded and continued surveying the area. He threw the rope down. I held my head in my hands and tried to keep my sanity together.  What am I to do? I thought. I didn’t know, but somehow I had to keep calm, and be as strong as possible, and look for an opportunity.
“Bobby, you hear anything?” Johnny Bear Slayer said.
“Nothin’, Johnny. All quiet.”
Everyone sat in a crude circle. “How much lead time can you give us?” Johnny Bear Slayer asked.
“That was it, Johnny. When he gets close I can hear him comin’, just before he makes it through the door. Maybe a minute tops.”
“Shit! We gotta do better than that. I gotta think. Keep an eye on her.”
He went off a short distance and sat down with his eyes closed. Bobby Three Ears sat down next to me. I was so tired now I wanted to sleep, but I knew that would not be a good idea with that monster around. Still, I closed my eyes for a few moments. When I opened them again, Bobby Three Ears was looking at me. “You okay?” he asked. I nodded. “I’m okay. Just very confused.”
He nodded. “We’re all confused here. None of us figured on being stuck here like this. We all wanna get out of here.”
“Let me get this straight,” I said, “You guys have been here many times before.”
“Yeah. But not this particular place.”
“I don’t understand.”
He looked away momentarily, perhaps somewhat impatient, or else listening for the beast.
“There are many worlds,” he said, “many doorways to the places between the worlds. Johnny says they are as infinite as the stars.”
“Is he your leader? Your master?”
He nodded. “He teaches us how to travel in and out of the worlds.”
“But you hunt for treasure.”
“Yeah. Sure. Some of the things we find are very powerful. Metals like gold and silver, raw copper, bones, things we use in our ceremonies.”
I glanced over at Johnny Bear Slayer sitting deep in thought with eyes closed and tried to imagine what it must be like to have him for a teacher every day. “What kind of ceremonies?” I asked Bobby.
“Power ceremonies...”
“What do you do in these ceremonies?”
“I can’t tell you that.”
“Black Magic?”
Bobby Three Ears shrugged, smiled and didn’t answer. “Why do you do it?” I asked.
He shrugged. “Why? I don’t know.  I’m like you, Doc. I’m an explorer, lookin’ for a way through life.”
“Are you looking to learn the way of magic?”
He looked out at the landscape briefly and then nodded. 
“Why do you want to be a sorcerer?” I asked. 
“Why not?” he answered.
“Well…it just seems an odd way to live one’s life.”
“For you maybe. Not for me. What I want is no different than what you want."
“What I want…”
He shrugged. “You want power in your life, same as me.”
I was surprised at this. “I’m not looking for power.”
“Sure you are. Everybody’s looking for power. They just don’t know it, or else they call it by some other name. You want money, recognition, don’t you?” 
“Yes, but it’s not the same thing.”
“Sure it is. It’s exactly the same thing. You want people to respect you, right? Wouldn’t you like to be able to speak a few words and change a situation you’re in?”
“You mean like now?”
He nodded. “Yeah, like now.”
I looked again at Johnny Bear Slayer sitting in contemplation, and I knew exactly what he was talking about. “Yes, I would.”
“Well, you can do that if you have power.”
“You have this power?”
“Sometimes. I learn from Johnny Bear Slayer. We all do. He’s a teacher.”
“But you’re all stuck here, same as me.”
He nodded. “Life is a bet and it’s never a sure thing. Sometimes the power is not always there right when you want it, or somebody else’s power is greater.”
“Is that what is happening now?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. But what else could it be? We have traveled many times and we’ve never been in this situation before.”
“Is there anyone whose power is greater than his?”
“Than Johnny’s?…” He fingered his chin and paused before answering. I wondered if he’d ever considered this. “There are always others out there whose power might be greater.”
“He thinks I’m the reason, doesn’t he?”
“The reason?”
“The reason everyone is trapped here.”
“He might be right.”
“What if I am the reason? Why should it matter to him, or to any of you?”
He looked down, obviously uncomfortable with the question. He said, “For some people, it can be a matter of life and death. Magic is all about life and death. One man’s power can make another man weaker.”
“I’m not trying to weaken his power.”
“It doesn’t matter if you do or you don’t. Some people are naturally stronger or weaker in the presence of certain others.”
“What? You mean like being a jinx?”
“No,” he laughed, “I mean one is either an ally or an enemy.”
“You make it sound like a war.”
“Yes. It is a war. Life is a war. And if you are the kind of doctor scientist you say you are you would understand that there is always a war between the powers of men.”
I looked down at the ground, trying to think of a reply, but I had none. He was right. After a moment of silence I asked, “What about Thunderwalker?”
Bobby Three Ears looked at me in a surprised, almost shocked, expression. “You do know of a man called Thunderwalker?” I asked.
He looked away. “Do not talk about him.”
“Why not? Is his power greater than Johnny Bear Slayer?”
Bobby Three Ears was silent, and I asked. “Is Thunderwalker the real reason you are all stuck here?”
“We must not even speak his name.”
“How can it harm you?”
“Would you throw a lit match into a barrel of gunpowder? It doesn’t matter what your intention is. It will explode! Enough talk!”
We sat there in silence for many minutes after, until Johnny Bear Slayer returned to the circle and announced that we would move on. Before we started he removed the rope from my neck, and the look in his eyes told me what would probably happen if I tried to escape.
We walked on quickly, much too quickly. There was no reason to as I saw the situation. But I was not calling the shots. Certainly we were making tracks to get further away from the point of entry where the Tchindi had made its entrance. But if Johnny Bear Slayer was right, then at any moment the monster might appear through a new doorway, only mere yards away from where we were. What then was the point of hurrying? However, no one was in a mood to listen to me, so we hurried along for what seemed to be several hours, going nowhere in this bizarre world. Hurrying seemed purposeful, or gave the illusion that we were actually going somewhere. I guess it was better than just sitting there. After all, even when I was alone I kept moving. I didn’t mind the moving. But my knee did not like the pace.
The pace slowed after a while and an uneasy feeling pervaded the air. My heart sank once again as I saw the wash up ahead.  Everyone was quiet, grim, and nervous. I observed each of their faces, and I sensed what they were all thinking.  I looked at Bobby Three Ears and he caught my stare. He looked worried, but of all of them he looked the least worried, almost as if little of this mattered to him. “Do you know how long we’ve been walking?” I asked. He shrugged. “Two hours maybe.”
I laughed. It was forced, a nervous laugh. I laughed because of the irony. I knew some of what was happening here, but it seemed I was the only one. “What’s so funny?” he said.
I laughed again. “Because…you have no idea how long we’ve been walking …”
He looked at me curiously. He seemed about to contradict me at first, but then he stopped and simply stared. I could see revelation sinking in.
“Do you?” I said. “Do any of you?” Everyone looked at me, and I could see blank expressions on all of them. “Snakebelly, how long have we been walking?”
He looked at me like a man who didn’t know his own name. “I guess about six hours…”
“Jimmy,” I said, “How long do you think we’ve been walking?”
Jimmy screwed his face up and rubbed his head. “Dang! I don’t know. It sure feels like more than six to me. Maybe ten or twelve…”
I laughed again. “That’s what I mean. No one knows. You say ten, you say six, and you say two. What about you, Johnny Bear Slayer?”
Johnny Bear Slayer stared at me, only there was not as much malice in his eyes now. A wearier look had replaced it. But anger began to grow back, and he spat on the ground. “It doesn’t matter how long.”
“Well,” I said, “Now that’s about the truest thing I’ve heard come out of this bunch. You’re right. It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter where we go, or how long it takes us to get there. We’re not going anywhere except back where we started. Eventually we’re headed back to this same damn arroyo. And each time my jeep is still going to be here, only a little rustier. That’s what’s been happening to me for days and days now. Only maybe it’s been longer than that. I remember seeing you all outside by Willie’s place, but for the life of me I can’t recall how long ago that was.”
“Neither can I, Doc,” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said. The others were silent, but their faces agreed with him. 
Johnny Bear Slayer said, “I’ll tell you what I think, Doc. We didn’t have any problem finding our way until just before we ran into you. I think you’ve put a hex on us.”
“Or Thunderwalker…” I said quickly.
Johnny Bear Slayer glared at me in silence. No one else said anything. I began again to quiver inside. I could see that the name had an impact on him, as it had on Bobby Three Ears. Johnny Bear Slayer had a large knife sheathed in his belt. He pulled it out slowly and held it up. “Maybe we should find out once and for all” he said, “Maybe I should cut out your heart right here and eat it! The braves of old did this to their enemies to steal their power!” I swallowed hard and backed away. Bobby Three Ears stepped between us and grasped his shoulder. “Easy Johnny…”
“If you get up and walk around afterwards,” Johnny Bear Slayer said, “then we’ll know.” He shook free of Bobby’s hand and sheathed the knife. There was a dead silence for a brief moment, and then Snakebelly and Jimmy Walks Like Rooster began to chuckle. Then it turned into laughter. After a moment Bobby joined in. Then Johnny Bear Slayer also laughed. I hoped he was joking but I wasn’t at all sure. I laughed along uneasily, thinking I’d better keep my mouth shut for a while.
The light was fading; it would be night soon. I went down into the arroyo and selected a place to rest, as far away from the others as I could manage without arousing their suspicion. Then I slept, or pretended to sleep. In truth, I could not sleep at all. At any moment Johnny Bear Slayer might decide to cut my heart out to appease whatever gods he prayed to. Then there was Snakebelly, who I noticed stared at me constantly with a look I knew all too well. It was just a matter of time, I felt, before he made another move on me. 
And the Tchindi. With the imminent threat of such a monster how could I even think of sleep? Still, I managed to close my eyes and rest. More importantly, I manage to convince the others that I slept, for they left me alone for the first time since our fateful paths crossed. I don’t know how much time passed, since time was apparently meaningless here, it could have been a couple of hours, but it was completely dark now, and I opened my eyes to look around. The others were several yards away, almost out of sight around a bend in the wash. Snakebelly was on top of the bank, keeping watch for the Tchindi.
Slowly, carefully, I moved away from them through the wash. I moved as quickly and quietly as I could. At any moment I expected to hear yelling and footsteps running after me, but so far I heard nothing. My breathing became heavier as I increased my pace. I decided to take my chances from here on. I’d rather be on my own in this ghastly place than with all of them. But how was I to escape them if I simply kept going in circles? I would have to stay ahead of them at all times, or…
…Or kill them all somehow…
I gasped at this thought. I could not believe the thought leaped into my mind, but there it was. Well why not? I thought. Those men think nothing about killing you. Why should you care anything about them? Maybe killing me was all a big joke, maybe it wasn’t. I couldn’t take that chance, especially now. Now that I was loose, they would come after me and put a rope around my neck again.
And maybe this time hang me with it.
#

19
Annie
A Reunion

I climbed out of the arroyo and traversed the desert. As before, I had little concept of distance and time passage. Two hours, perhaps three, had passed. By now they knew I was gone and were either looking for me or simply decided to let me go, perhaps figuring that in this odd world there was no escape and eventually we would all meet up again. Perhaps they were all having a good laugh over it, all except Johnny Bear Slayer. He would not be laughing. But maybe he would be glad I was gone. Maybe now he would find the doorway out. And I would be stuck here. It didn’t matter anymore. I’ll take my chances, I thought, with whatever comes.
I thought about what Bobby Three Ears had said about many doorways to many worlds, and wondered how I might find the doorway out of this one. It had to be possible. I had found my way in, surely I could find my way out. And Luis had done it. He had done it inadvertently, and in a different place, but it had to be possible. It had to be possible! 
I suddenly stopped. My heart pounded rapidly. Up ahead I had seen something. A light! Some kind of light! Oh God, I thought, I’m coming back to the camp…
But something seemed different. I moved closer and could now see the flickering of firelight through some of the juniper trees. Firelight! I moved cautiously closer until I could see the outline of a man sitting by a fire. I was astonished to see the presence of another person! I felt overjoyed and apprehensive at the same time. I wondered if I had passed through a doorway out of here. Could I have been so lucky?
My foot cracked a branch and the man whirled toward me. I heard the cocking of a rifle and I froze. “Who’s there?” he said, “Come out!  Show yourself!”
When I heard the voice I sucked in a breath, speechless at first. It sounded like…
“Willie! Is that you?” I cried.
He stood up. “Annie? Wow! I don’t believe it!”
I had found Willie!
#

20
Annie
In the Same Boat

We were both overjoyed to see one another. I could have embraced him for the rest of the night, but as soon as I looked into his eyes I knew that we had a dreadful fact in common. Willie had somehow fallen into this world also. In finding the other, each of us assumed that this meant we had found the way out. All too soon we realized that this was not the case.
Still, I felt such enormous relief in seeing him. We sat down by his fire, and he told me that he had had a quarrel with Lupy and decided to come after me like he said he would all along. He had followed my tracks easily enough at first but then had gotten turned around. Next thing he knew his horse ran away from him and he began wandering around, looking for him. When he decided to head back to his ranch he got lost. “It was the darndest thing,” he said, “I ain’t never been lost around here. Never. Only now I know that ‘here’ ain’t exactly where I thought it was. I still ain’t sure.”
I told Willie all that had happened to me, trying to keep it as brief as possible. When I told him how Johnny Bear Slayer had hung me upside down, the look on his young sweet face turned to poison. “That son of a bitch! I never did like him, or any of those guys!” He patted his rifle. “From now on he better look out, or he’s gonna have another breathin’ hole.” I smiled at his confidence, but then looked at him seriously and squeezed his hand. “We must be very careful, Willie,” I said, “By now they may not be the same men you knew. They may be much worse.” He nodded. 
I told him about the Tchindi and of the ever-present threat of its reappearance. I described it to him and how it had snatched up poor Jess, and he whistled. He sat there looking at the ground, biting his lip, thinking hard as I told him all that had taken place. He said, “You’re telling me true, right? What you said?”
“Of course I am,” I said.
“It ain’t…well, you know…”
“It ain’t…what?” I said.
“Well,” he said with some reluctance, “I don’t like to use the word in the presence of a lady…”
I gave a laugh. “You mean bullshit? Is that what you mean?”
He looked somewhat surprised after I said this. It was plain to see that he had never heard a woman use this word before. He looked embarrassed. “Yeah…”
I laughed again, and then became serious. “No Willie…No bullshit. No lie. I’m telling the truth. I’m telling you what I saw, you understand? ….what I saw!”
 He nodded at me, then was quiet for a moment, staring out into the dark warily, as if he were a young city boy on his first camping trip, his eyes looking to the left, then to the right, as if he might see the creature running at a gallop, or something far stranger leaping out of the night. At length he said, “Y’know, Annie, growin’ up round here I heard things like this. Never gave ‘em much belief, ‘cause when you’re a rancher, that’s your life, you know? You hear about people like Johnny Bear Slayer and his gang, and you hear about witch people, skin walkers. I’ve heard other things, weird stories about wolf people, shapeshifters, and creatures like the Tchindi and the Delgeth…”
 “The Delgeth,” I recalled, “…a flesh eating creature, half human, half antelope. It grabs its prey and takes it back to its lair to eat it…human, animal, whatever it can find.”
Willie looked half skeptical, half frightened to death.
“In the stories it takes mostly babies,” I said.
He was looking more nervous now. “That ain’t funny, Annie,” he said. “There’s been a lot of baby stealin’ goin’ on, so I’ve heard.”
I shrugged. “What I saw just a short while ago wasn’t funny either, and it wasn’t just a made up story. It was real!”
“You think it was a Tchindi or a Delgeth?” Willie asked wide-eyed.
I shrugged again. “I don’t know, Willie. I’m not an expert in this particular case. Tchindi is a Hopi name for a monster, but the creature I saw…I don’t think it had anything to do to do with Hopi or Navajo, you know what I mean?”
Willie nodded. “I think so.”
He seemed to ponder this heavily as he took a cigarette from his shirt pocket. I implored him for one. He laughed and said, “Shoot, Annie, you don’t gotta beg me for it.” We laughed and each had a good smoke. There was no ignoring the dilemma we were in. Still, it made me feel lighter to put aside, even for a few moments, all that had happened, and do something simply for the pleasure of it. After we finished I suggested we put out the fire; he agreed and did so. I asked him how long he had been traveling, and his answer was what I expected to hear. He replied that he wasn’t sure, that it could have been a couple of days, maybe even a week. He just plain didn’t know.
On my suggestion we packed his gear together and moved out. It didn’t make sense to stay put, for fear that Johnny Bear Slayer and his boys would quickly find us. On the other hand, it seemed certain that being on the move would take us right back toward the wash and an eventual confrontation with the bunch. On top of this was the possibility of being hunted down by the Tchindi monster at any time. But I meant to avoid any of this if I could by keeping a wide berth of all of them until…Until what? I didn’t know. But at this point anything was better than that. At least now I had an ally, even if he was barely old enough to shave. And he had a rifle.
By the time we were on the move daylight was approaching from the east, so we headed in that direction, retracing Willie’s tracks as best we could. Willie seemed pretty hopeful of finding our way back, but in my heart I didn’t think it would happen. Along the way I stressed the importance of stealth and keeping a watchful eye. Willie wanted to know what stealth meant. “It means we have to be very quiet and secretive,” I said.
“Oh, okay,” he said, “Like we’re hunting.”
“Yes, Willie,” I said, “but the truth is we are the ones being hunted.”
“Depends on how you look at it, Annie,” he said, “Not if we hunt them first.”
“Hunt them first?” I said, “What do you mean?”
“As long as we keep ‘em in our sights, and keep our distance, we’ll have the advantage,” he said.
I must say I had not considered this. It suddenly made good sense. “Willie! You’re a genius!”
“Well, let’s hope we find our way outta here before it even comes to that.”
We moved on for what seemed like several hours. Our pace was intentionally slow and cautious; there was no hurry at this point. The main consideration now was to avoid the Thing and Johnny Bear Slayer if possible.
We stopped to rest and sat on some large rocks. At first we were both quiet. Then Willie said, “One thing about this here place is I ain’t felt any wind yet. Ain’t seen no animals either.”
I nodded. “There’s other things too,” I said, “It’s difficult to walk without the mind wandering. I’ve tried several times to get my bearings, but I can’t keep my mind on it long enough, not until I stop and rest like this.”
“Yeah,” Willie said, “I’ve noticed that too, like having a fog in your head.”
“Yes. As if there’s something here that doesn’t want you to see anything.”
Willie lit two cigarettes and passed one over. I smiled in thanks and we sat there quietly. Then I asked him, “Did you or Lupy ever hear about this place?”
Willie grinned slightly. “Yeah. When I was a boy I remember my Mama or someone telling me about the place where we go when we die, some place where we wait until we go on to the next world.”
I nodded. “Every culture has stories about that. When I was a little girl we called it purgatory.”
“What’s purgatory?”
“A place. After you die, you wait there until the end of the world, and then God judges you and sends you to heaven or hell.”
“Say Annie,” he said, “You don’t …you don’t reckon we’re dead, do you?”
The question surprised me. It had drifted through my own mind plenty of times, but the thought hadn’t been verbalized until now. “Well…I’m not completely sure. But I don’t think so.”
“I don’t feel dead,” he said.
“Me either.” 
“Shoot!…I heard about hell and the devil and all from some white preacher in Flagstaff once. I didn’t much like the idea of going to a place where they ain’t nothin’ but fire and pain when I die. Life’s hard enough without addin’ more hard to the heap.”
I laughed, and he smiled. “What’s so funny, Annie?” 
I shrugged. “I couldn’t have put it any better. Adding more hard to the heap…I’ll remember that, if we ever get out of here…”
“We’ll get out, don’t you worry about that, Annie. I’ll get us outta here. But shoot! I sure wish Lupy was here. He’d know what to do.”
“Would he?”
“Sure he would! He always knows what to do. He’s pretty handy in a tough situation.”
“You seem pretty handy in a tough situation too, Willie.”
He shrugged. “I guess so. I guess maybe I am.”
“You and Lupy are very close, aren’t you…”
He nodded. “Yeah, I reckon. Lupy is the best…”
He stopped, and I thought he was thinking of words to describe his brother, but then I realized he was looking beyond me. “Did you hear that?” he said.
My blood ran cold suddenly. “What…”
“Footsteps. Someone’s comin!”
He put his finger to his lips and pointed to the cigarettes. We put them out and huddled close together behind the rocks. I ventured a whisper. “I don’t hear anything.” Again he fingered his lip. I mouthed the words silently How many? He held up one finger.
We remained like that for about five minutes. Then I began to hear the scraping of footsteps approaching. They were coming closer, seemingly straight toward us, just on the other side of the rocks. I could hear them clearly now. They were light steps. They sounded cautious, tentative, like someone deciding which way to go. They stopped several yards away from the rocks. Willie and I looked at each other, and Willie grasped his rifle firmly.
“I smell tobacco,” an old voice said, “If you could spare a cigarette I’d sure appreciate it.”
Willie widened his eyes, then stood up and faced the man. Then I did too. The man looked Mexican, about sixty or so, maybe older, strong, firm. “Jesus!” the man said, “Willie! Ain’t you Willie?”
“That’s me,” Willie said, “Who’re you?”
The man suddenly looked weary, as if he had just finished a thousand mile hike. “You don’t remember me, do you?”
Willie’s face screwed up. “You look familiar, I’ll give you that.”
The man came closer. “I was serious about the cigarette.”  Willie gave him one and the man sat down and took a long deep drag. “Oh, that’s good. That’s real good. I’ve been wanting one of these for…I don’t know how long.”
“Who are you?” Willie asked.
“I’m Freddy. Freddy Montoya.”
Willie looked shocked, and he tore the hat off his head. “Freddy? The same Freddy that runs around with Johnny Bear Slayer? You can’t be him!”
A shiver ran up my spine at the mention of Johnny Bear Slayer’s name. “Soy yo,” he said in Spanish. “It's me.”
“Why?” I asked, “Why can’t he be him?”
“Because the Freddy I know ain’t more than twenty years old, that’s why!”
I stared at him uncomprehending, until Freddy said, “I remember you too, Senora. I seen you out in front of Willie’s place once. He was fixin’ your tire as I recall.”
I gasped. “But… that was only…” I couldn’t remember how long ago it was. The words tripped on the end of my tongue and simply fell off. Willie said, “That was only a couple of days ago, Freddy!  Only a couple of days! What the hell happened to you?”
“What’re you talkin’ about, a couple of days?” Freddy said.
“That’s right. By my reckoning,” Willie said.
“No. Esta loco, muchacho. You’re damn loco, boy, or I am. I don’t know how long I been here, but it seems like years to me. You still seem pretty young yet, like when I saw you last. How do I look to you?”
Willie re-lit his cigarette. “You’re old Freddy. You’re old and wrinkled, and your hair has gone gray.”
“It has? All of it? Goddam!…” He ran his hands forlornly through his hair. “I ain’t seen myself in so long; I ain’t seen no mirror.”
“Freddy,” I said, “You mean to say you’ve been wandering around this barren land for years?”
“Feels like it, Senora. I was traveling around with Johnny Bear Slayer, and Snake, and Jimmy, Bobby… and Jess…and we got separated. That Diablo creature separated us! Oh, you gotta watch out for that Diablo. That creature’s gonna eat you up.”
“The Tchindi…” I said.
“Si. Tchindi. Diablo. Call it whatever you want. It’s out there, and if you’re not careful it will find you and eat you.” He began laughing. “It’s mighty hungry.”
“How did you manage to evade it for all this time?” I asked.
“’Cause I’m smart!” he said, “I’ve been able to outsmart it. It smell is pretty good, but it can’t see worth a shit, and it’s pretty dumb. It picked me up and took me back to its cave, but I tricked it.” He laughed. “I tricked it!…” He almost doubled over in laughter. I looked at Willie, who looked at me and shrugged. He slapped the old man’s leg. “Freddy! Hey Freddy!”
Freddy stopped laughing and sat up. “What?”
“Tell us what happened from the beginning. You were with Johnny and his boys. What happened? Why did you leave?”
Freddy looked warily at him, then smiled an almost toothless grin. “It will cost you another smoke, amigo. Por favor?”
Willie lit one and passed it to him.
Freddy dragged deeply on the tobacco and held the smoke in his lungs for a long time. I thought he was going to pass out. “Gracias,” he said finally with a long-winded exhalation. “I’ve wanted one of these for so long…”
“Tell us what happened, Freddy.” Willie urged.
“Okay, amigo. I’ll tell you.” He winked at me. “You look like a couple of people I can trust…” He laughed at his own joke and went on. “I was with the others. Johnny found us a couple of doorways. We went through. We’ve been going in and out of these places for a long time. We came into this place and looked around for some treasure. We couldn’t find anything, so Johnny tried to find us a doorway out, only he couldn’t. We got stuck here. Oh he tried and he tried! He got real mad! I never seen Johnny so mad! This never happened to him before. Never happened to any of us before!” He laughed. “I told him so! I told him so! I said ‘Johnny, you’ve met your match now! You pissed someone off, sure as this place is as dry as my father’s bones!’” Freddy laughed again. I leaned over to Willie and whispered, “I’m afraid Freddy might be a little loco…” Willie nodded. “What happened then, Freddy?”
“What happened? I’ll tell you. I kept riding him. He was pissed. He has this little trick he does, paralyzes the shit out of you if he wants to. Never did figure out how he does that, but he did it to me a couple of times. I didn’t care. He fucked up and I kept riding’ him about it. I thought he was going to turn me into a pig!” He laughed and giggled for a long time. “But he didn’t do it, though. I don’t believe he can. Thunderwalker could do it, but not Johnny Bear Slayer!” He laughed.
I took notice at this. “Thunderwalker? What do you know about Thunderwalker?”
Freddy grinned tiredly at me. “Don’t talk too loud about Thunderwalker. Johnny will get real mad.”
“I won’t tell Johnny,” I said.
“Promise?”
“Promise.”
Freddy smiled and finished his cigarette. “You wanna know about Thunderwalker? I’ll tell you! This is his land! We are the trespassers here. We are on his land.”
“I see. And he doesn’t like it?” I said.
Freddy laughed. “Oh, he likes it all right, Senora! He likes it! You ever hear the old song about the spider and the fly?” He giggled. I shook my head. “Don’t know that one.”
“Well, can’t say I remember it too well. All’s I can recall is ‘Will you walk into my parlor, said the spider to the fly’…” He looked away into the distance, trying to grope for the lost words. Willie slapped his leg to bring him back and he came back with a jolt. “Never mind the song,” Willie said, “We got the message.”
“Thunderwalker is the spider, and we are the flies…” I intoned.
Freddy laughed and clapped his hands. “Si, Senora!”
“What happens when the spider catches the fly?”  Willie said, sounding rather indifferent.
Freddy took on a more serious tone. “What happens? I don’t know for sure. I reckon he eats him.”
“What about the Tchindi?” I asked.
“Diablo?”
“Si. Diablo… Is the spider Diablo?”
“Oh…maybe. I don’t know. But I will tell you this, Senora. I think Diablo is maybe just a little spider. I think there is a much bigger one…”
“So Diablo is not…Thunderwalker?”
Freddy laughed and fell over. “Diablo? Oh, no, Senora! Diablo is much too dumb! Thunderwalker is very smart!”
“How do you know? Have you seen Thunderwalker?”
Freddy shook his head. “No, I have not seen him. I do not know if anyone has seen him.”
“Perhaps he is not real,” I said.
“Oh he is real, Senora. I believe he is closer than you think.”
“You think he is watching us?”
“Si. He is watching us.”
“Why?”
Freddy shrugged. “He probably wants to eat us.”
I did not like this answer at all; I tried to laugh, but what came out was diluted. Instead I shouted, “Do you realize what you’re saying here? You don’t know this man! You’ve never even seen him! You think he is so powerful that he can weave this world around us and make us think we’re traveling when we’re not, create bizarre monsters who appear out of nowhere…he’s that powerful, and yet he has nothing better to do than sit around somewhere watching us, waiting to pick us off one by one just to eat us? Is that the best scenario you can come up with here?”
Freddy looked back at me with a blank stare. It occurred to me that he hadn’t understood a single word I’d said.  “Well then,” I said, “tell me this: why wouldn’t he just eat us, kill us all at once? Why go through all this if he is so powerful?”
Freddy shrugged again. “I do not know, Senora. Why does the cat play with the mouse before he eats it?”
“Shoot!” Willie said, “This is a pile of crap, you darned fool! I don’t understand nothin’ around here!”  He jumped up and kicked a rock.
“No! No crap!” Freddy said, “What I’m telling you is the truth!”
“Aw you ain’t told us shit! I don’t know what the heck is goin’ on around here. All’s I know is you sure as shit turned old overnight and went loco! Maybe you just drank some sour water and took a fever.”
“No! No bad water. Si, I am loco, Willie, but I’m not crazy, and I’m not sick. I know what I’m talking about!”
Willie took a couple of steps toward him. “Well, you ain’t convinced me of nothin’ yet! I ain’t seen so much as a jackrabbit round here.”
“Are you calling me a liar, Willie?”
“Freddy, I ain’t callin’ you nothin’. All I’m sayin’ is…”
“Shh! Listen!” I said. “Did you hear that?”
Suddenly there was gunfire a short distance away.  I froze as we all looked toward the west.  I said, “Johnny Bear Slayer and his boys!”
Freddy nodded. “And most likely Diablo!” he said.
“Let’s get closer,” Willie said, jumping up. “I wanna see this Diablo.”
They began running toward the sounds. For a moment I stayed where I was, reluctant to join them. If it was just Freddy running off, I think I’d have stayed where I was, or even run the other way, for fear of running into Johnny Bear Slayer again. But Willie was here now, and I wanted to stay close to him. I ran along after them.
We reached a point near the wash where some rocks jutted out and we hid behind them and watched, just in time to see the huge monster snatching up Snakebelly under its arm. Johnny Bear Slayer and the others were several yards away, shouting. Jimmy Walks Like Rooster was reloading his pistol. Snakebelly was screaming. Though he was fat, the monster carried him along easily. I heard a crack and then a loud long moan from Snakebelly as his body suddenly went limp. I think his spine had just broken.  
I looked at Willie and for the first time since I’d met him, I saw fear in his face. His mouth was open and he was muttering something in Navajo under his breath. Freddy’s eyes were also riveted to the beast, and yet the expression in his face was almost gleeful, excited. “Dios en el cielo!”
The beast quickly made its way back to the rocks and disappeared through them. I could hear Johnny Bear Slayer and Jimmy Walks Like Rooster shouting at each other. Bobby Three Ears sat on the ground shaking his head.
“Let’s get out of here,” I whispered. Willie nodded, and we all backed off. We returned to our resting point. “You saw it! You saw it!” Freddy said.
 “Si, Freddy,” Willie said, “Lo he visto...I seen it… with my own eyes. I believe you now. What a goddam awful beast!” He lit a cigarette and dragged on it furiously.
“Si! Si!” Freddy nodded excitedly. “He is Diablo! There is no stopping it!”
“Bullets don’t seem to do much,” Willie said.
“There must be a way to stop it,” I said. 
“We’ve got to find a way,” Willie said. 
“Diablo is gonna grab each of us, one by one,” Freddy said,  “I know what he is going to do! It took him back to his cave! It happened to me! It is going to eat him when he is hungry! He has probably eaten Jess already.”
“Oh God, that poor man!” I said.
“It happened to me!” Freddy said, “It grabbed me too, took me by surprise.”
“It grabbed you? And you got away?” Willie said.
“How did you get away, Freddy?” I asked. 
“I will tell you! But first, por favor…”
“Yeah, yeah,” Willie said, “I know…” He gave him a cigarette, and Freddy smoked it gratefully. “The Diablo came. It surprised me!  It grabbed me up and I thought it was going to tear me apart, but it didn’t. Instead it carried me along. It was holding me so hard I could hardly get any air and I must have passed out. When I woke up I was in its cave. I was covered with some kind of old blood or something. I could hardly move. I looked around me and the Diablo was gone, so I kept jerking and jerking, and I finally got my hands free! I still had my knife and I cut myself free from the rest of it. I would have run out right there, but then I heard the thing coming back! There was little time to think. I could have fought it with my knife, but I didn’t think that would do any good because Diablo is strong, and twice as big as me! So instead I took my coat off and put it in the sticky stuff as if it was me in there. Then I hid as far away as I could and waited for Diablo to enter. It came in slowly, sniffing the air, like it was looking for me. I looked around me and saw many bones there, many skulls. I became even more frightened. The whole place smelled of blood and death. Oh, I thought I would become sick right there, and then Diablo would hear me, but I held my nerve and swallowed, and I stayed where I was. Diablo went over to where I had been captive and I thought he would try to eat me and discover only my coat, and then he would look around and discover me hiding on the other side of the cave. But he didn’t. Hee Hee. He bent down and sniffed my coat to make sure I was still there, and then he went out of the cave. Hee Hee. I was so relieved. I waited a few minutes, and then slowly I followed him out of the cave…”
“My God, Freddy, what an awful experience!” I said.
“Si Senora! Never have I been so scared!”
“Goddam! This all sounds like such a pile of horse turds…” Willie exclaimed.
“I am telling the truth!” Freddy insisted.
“Annie, you believe him?”
I nodded. “When I first started this journey I would have had serious doubts. But now?…After seeing that beast, I don’t doubt it at all.”
Willie looked skeptical. “Well, how’d you get back here then?”
Freddy’s face brightened and he giggled again.  “How? I followed Diablo! I kept my distance to see where he would go. His eyes were not very good. But I knew his nose must be very good, so I made sure I still had plenty of the sticky stuff on me. I thought maybe he would smell that and not me. And it worked! He never once knew I was following him! He climbed a steep path up a hill. As we went further up I could see that there was a huge canyon in back of me. But there was no time to explore. We climbed a long time. When Diablo reached the top he went a little further and came to a pair of tall rocks, each one as big as he was, and he went in between them and disappeared! Gone! Just like he walked through the rock! I went closer to see, and now I wondered if I should go through too. I was afraid to. Maybe Diablo would be waiting on the other side for me. I didn’t know. I waited there for several minutes, standing at the entrance, just staring into it when I heard a sound of footsteps behind me! I turned around, afraid I was going to see Diablo, but instead I saw a man standing several yards away, close to the edge of the cliff. He was dressed in the old way of Indians, just a cloth around his waist. I was astonished to see him and I rubbed my eyes. And then he was gone! I thought I imagined it. And then I heard a strange sound coming from the rocks, like the sound you sometimes hear in the electric wires on the highway, when the air is still and the sun is in the hottest part of the sky. I jumped off to the side to hide, and just then I saw Diablo come back out of the rocks! I made the sign of the cross, which I have not done in years, and thanked God for not sending me through at that moment or I would have run right into him! He walked through and went back down the hill. I waited there until I could hear him no more and got up and went to the edge of the hill and looked over the huge canyon. It was very deep, perhaps a thousand feet deep to the bottom! And it winded for a long way, perhaps several miles!
“I went back to the rocks and decided it was now or never. I walked through, and felt a strange feeling, then found myself standing in the place where we are now, but not right here, over there.”
“Over there…By the arroyo?” I asked.
“Si! Si! The arroyo! That one where we saw him! There is a big rock there. That is where I was!”
“I know the place well,” I said. 
“That is the entrance!” Freddy said.
“Well!” I said, “We’ve got a lot to go on here.”
“How’s that, Annie?” Willie said.
“The arroyo. That place is the key, Willie. That’s where I wrecked my jeep. That’s where I started. Every time I’ve gone in a new direction I keep coming back to that place. I can’t get away from it. No one can. Johnny Bear Slayer and his boys keep coming back to it too. I don’t know what went wrong with them, but somehow they got stuck here. This place is like…well, it’s like a spider’s web. I think your analogy is quite accurate, Freddy.”
“So you think we’re stuck here until the spider comes to eat us?” Willie said.
I shrugged. “Maybe. Maybe that’s it. Maybe that’s the luck of the draw. We’ve all stumbled into some strange time distortion, a freak of nature. Though I don’t like to think so, maybe it is all a big elaborate trap. Some insects are very clever at building ingenious traps to obtain their food, traps which are inescapable. Maybe that’s what’s happened to us.”
Willie snickered. “Only instead of bugs, it’s us?”
I looked out at the landscape around us and let out a breath of frustration. “I don’t know, Willie.”
Willie kicked another rock in frustration. “Well, crapshoot! What a pile of horse turds!  This don’t make any sense to me! The way I see it is we found us a way in here, we can find us a way out. Shoot! We got enough to worry about without addin’ more hard to the heap!”
“You’re right, Willie,” I said, “We have to be on our toes here. Let’s make it easy on ourselves.”
“How?”
I looked at Freddy. “Well…We’ve got an advantage now. Freddy’s information can help us.”
“How’s that gonna help us, Annie? We still need to find us a way outta here.”
I went up to Willie and rubbed his chest reassuringly. I also took a cigarette from his pack. “Willie, we’ve got a way. Thanks to Freddy, we’ve found another doorway.”
“Huh?” Freddy grunted, looking a little worried.
“What?” Willie said, “Are you thinkin’ what I think you’re thinkin’? You wanna go to that place where the Diablo lives? Are you crazy?”
“Maybe,” I said. “And maybe I’m just desperate enough to get out of here and take my chances with that beast. What do you think Freddy?”
Freddy thumbed his chin. “Oh, I think Diablo is a beast, all right, Senora. A very big beast! And very hungry.”
“That’s not what I meant, Freddy.”
“Si, Senora,” he mumbled, “I think when I was there I did not want to stay there. I think we may be jumping from the pan into the fire…”
“That’s what I think,” Willie said, walking back and forth.
We all sat silent for some time. Then I said, “Okay, here’s what I think. I’ve spent time with Johnny Bear Slayer and his boys, and I’m not too crazy about them. I’m willing to take my chances on the Diablo.”
“That’s a mighty big chance, Annie,” Willie said.
“Maybe. Maybe not. Freddy says there’s big canyon there. We may be able to elude it, or maybe even find a way back to the other world. It happened to a friend of mine.”
“A friend of yours?” Freddy said.
“Yes.” Reluctantly I told them about Luis’ journey to the canyon. Whether it was the same canyon I didn’t know, but I made it sound like Luis had found his way out easily. Then when Freddy asked me if he had found any treasure, I lied and said lots of it. And then Freddy was in right away. Willie was still skeptical, but then he too decided to chance it also. ”All right,” he said, “I don’t know what else to do, so count me in. What’s the plan?”
I didn’t have one. I figured on waiting until Johnny Bear Slayer moved away from the area and then hiking to the rock and simply going through the doorway. We returned to our original place of surveillance and kept a vigil, intending to remain until they left. 
Only they didn’t leave. I felt certain they would leave soon after the attack, but they showed no signs of leaving at all.
“What’s going on?” Willie asked, “How come they’re not leaving?”
I shook my head. 
Freddy said, “It’s this place. They keep coming back to this place, same as us.”
“That’s right, “ I said, “What’s the point of leaving if you keep coming back?” 
“What do we do if they don’t leave?” Willie asked.
“We have to change our plan,” Freddy said. 
“Correction,” I said, “Now we have to come up with a plan.”
“What do you have in mind?” Freddy said.
“If we can’t get out of here without them, then maybe we can do it with them.”
“You mean join together?” Willie said.
I nodded, and Freddy said, “Senora Annie, after what you have told me about what they did to you, you really think you can trust them?”
I looked Freddy squarely in the eye and said, “You used to run with these weirdoes. I’m not even sure I can trust you!”
Freddy chuckled. “I understand, Senora. Yo Comprendo.”
“Come on.” I said. We picked up our gear and moved closer to their camp. I shouted out when we got closer. The three of them stood up. Jimmy’s rifle was pointed at us. Willie’s rifle was pointed at them. “Hey!” Johnny Bear Slayer said with a sardonic laugh, “Look what the cat dragged in! Something old and something new!”
“Hey, Johnny! Hey fellas!” Freddy said.
“Freddy!” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said, “Is that you?”
“It can’t be!”  Bobby Three Ears said.
“Soy yo de acuerdo! It’s me all right.”
Johnny Bear Slayer walked up to get a closer look. “What happened to you? You look like an old man!”
Freddy nodded. “Guess I got lost, Johnny. Real lost. This place, you know?” He chuckled. Johnny looked at Willie and me. “Willie! Bring your brother with you?”
“Not this time,” Willie said. 
“Good. That means we can kick your ass good this time.” He smiled.
Willie smiled back. “You’re a real jagoff, Johnny.”
Johnny laughed and opened up his arms in mock greeting to me. “Hey Doc! How come you left us so soon? We missed you!”
“I’ll bet! Getting boring around here without any women to torture?”
He shrugged with a laugh. “Oh that. That was nothing, Doc.  I just needed some information, and it was a quick way of getting it.”
“I haven’t forgotten that, Johnny,” I said.
“Don’t hold it against me. I didn’t know you so well then.”
“But now we’re all one big happy family, right?”
He nodded. “I guess so. We figured we see you again soon, but Willie and Freddy? Man, you never know!”
“Looks like you’re another man short,” I said.
Johnny’s expression turned less jovial. “Yeah well, you’re very observant, Doc. So what do you want? You all come to join us?”
“No misunderstandings here,” I said, “That last thing I want is to join up with you. It wouldn’t bother me at all to see that monster pick you all up and carry you out of here. The thing is, we all have the same problem. We’re all cattle waiting to be slaughtered by that thing.”
Johnny Bear Slayer observed me keenly. “I’m listening, Doc.”
“Maybe we can band together, trap it in some way, or…”
“Or kill it,” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said.
“Yes, or kill it, if we have to. But we have to try. That thing has taken two of your men already. I don’t feel like waiting around to become demon food.”
“You may not have a choice there, Doc.” Johnny Bear Slayer said.
“Maybe,” I said, “but I’m not giving up without a fight! What do you say? Are you guys in or not?”
“I’m in,” Bobby Three Ears said. Jimmy Walks Like Rooster agreed.
Johnny Bear Slayer thought for a moment. “Supposing we do kill this thing. Then what?”
Freddy burst in. “We go through the doorway in the rock there, Johnny. I been through there. It’s the only way outta here. All sorts of treasure there too. That’s what Annie says.”
I bit my lip in frustration, mentally cursing Freddy for spilling that, and myself for telling him. Johnny Bear Slayer laughed and slapped his leg. He turned to the others. “I was right all along! She does know the way out of here! And she knows where the treasure is too! You see boys? All we had to do was wait!”
“You’re misunderstanding,” I said, “It’s not as simple as that.”
“Sure it is,” he said, “It is as simple as that. You know where the door is; you know where the treasure is. And now you know who your partners are.”
I made no reply to this. For the moment I silently acceded. Right now, at least, we were all in agreement about what to do. Now we put our heads together about how to do it. We had a few lengths of rope, a couple of rifles and little ammo left, and some small digging tools. Not much to use against an eight-foot beast. The rifles seemed our best bet, and yet they had already proved worthless in the past. It was possible that there was a weak spot, an Achilles heel, which we had no knowledge of yet. We went over the possibility of digging a hole, setting a trap with the ropes, setting up crossfire with the rifles.
I brought up a different angle. “What about just walking through the doorway and forget about the traps? Take our chances?”
“Hey, Tchindi is probably on the other side just waiting for us to do that!” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said.
“I don’t think so,” I replied, “Freddy’s story doesn’t bear that out.”
“Si Senora Annie, “ Freddy said, “I think you are right!”
“Shit!” Bobby Three Ears said skeptically,  “In the story Freddy wasn’t goin’ the other way! He was comin’ out of the canyon, not goin’ in!”
“Si Bobby,” Freddy said, “I think you are right!”
“I’m for goin’ in now like Annie says, and screw the planning,” Willie said, “That damn thing is gonna get us anyway.”
Bobby Three Ears reconsidered. “You have a good point, young Willie.” He turned to Johnny Bear Slayer and said, “The best defense is a good offense!”
Suddenly, Bobby’s face looked contorted briefly. He shushed everybody and closed his eyes. “Oh fuck! It’s comin’,” he said, “We ain’t got time for a plan! Everybody scatter!” Instantly he bolted upright and ran, followed by Johnny and Jimmy, who didn’t ask any questions.  I was slower to move, being momentarily bewildered, but I was swept along by their excitement. Willie seemed completely confused as he watched us run off. I yelled back at him. “Willie! Run!”
It suddenly dawned on him what was happening. He sprang up from his spot, but at that point the beast appeared, emerging from within the rock and sniffing the air with loud snorts. It tilted its massive deformed head, listening with its gigantic ears, picking up the sounds of all of us running away. The small slits of its nearly closed eyes twitched blindly in the light.
I noticed Freddy had not moved at all. I was going to shout at him, but I realized he knew what was happening. There was no time. He was sitting there, simply digging in the dirt. Perhaps he had resigned himself to his fate for being older and slower. He looked up at the Tchindi every now and then, but went on calmly yet determinedly doing something in the dirt. But what?… 
The beast seemed to stalk Freddy and made its way over in a few quick silent strides, but then stopped in front of him. It sniffed around Freddy, who now sat still with his arms around his legs in a tight ball, closing his eyes like a child terrified of boogiemen. My heart sank and I expected the Tchindi to clamp its huge jaws onto Freddy and haul him away, but instead it turned direction, homed in and bounded after Willie, catching up with him in a matter of seconds. It scooped Willie up in its left arm effortlessly. I heard Willie grunt as he was lifted up mid stride and violently whirled around in the opposite direction. His rifle clattered on the ground. The Tchindi began to run back to the rock. “Willie!” I cried, “Willie! Oh God! No!” I began to run after them. I scooped up Willie’s rifle and took aim, but the beast was moving so fast I couldn’t take decent aim without danger of hitting Willie. I fired a shot anyway. It missed, hitting the rock beyond them. I fired again, but the chamber was empty.
“The knee,” Freddy yelled.
“What?” I yelled back.
“His knee! Get his knee!”
In an instant Bobby Three Ears was next to me, whirling his sling around so fast I could see only a blurred wheel over his head. In a split second he let a rock fly, and as quick as a bullet, the rock found its target in the back of the Tchindi’s knee. The beast let out a distorted scream and dropped to its hurt knee, then picked itself up again. I shouted out joyfully. “You got him, Bobby! You got him!”  Bobby Three Ears quickly had another rock spinning in his sling and again let it fly, and again it hit its mark in the same knee. The beast howled again, as its speedy stride was now slowed to a limp. Still it made its way toward the rock. I charged after them, cursing the empty rifle in my hands. Bobby Three Ears was right behind me. I could hear the others also on our heels. “Jimmy!” Bobby yelled. “Your rifle! Shoot him in the knee!” Jimmy took aim and fired, but the bullet missed by an inch. He fired again, and missed again. Bobby Three Ears cursed Jimmy’s sloppy aim and let another rock fly, and the rock met its target. The beast screamed out again in fury, but by this time it had reached the rock and it picked up speed and ran through. I cried out “Willie!” and ran up to the rock. Tears were streaming down my face now. I looked for an opening, but the rock was solid.
The others were soon there, also feeling the rock. “Well,” Bobby Three Ears said, “So much for just walking through to the other side.”
“I don’t get it,” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said, “How come Freddy was able to come through?”
“It’s a one-way door,” Johnny Bear Slayer answered. “And we don’t have the key.”
Bobby Three Ears pounded a fist against the rock and shouted in Navajo. I didn’t understand the words, but I assumed he was swearing in some fashion. Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said “Man, that was pretty close that time! I guess Willie…looks like Willie is a goner…”
Hearing him say that angered me even more. I wanted to shout in protest, tell him to shut up, but I didn’t. Instead, I cried tears for Willie. Everyone watched me silently, and in that moment of weakness I hated being a woman, wishing I were as cold and dispassionate as Johnny Bear Slayer. 
Freddy said, “Maybe there’s a chance for him, Senora Annie, you know? I escaped. Maybe he will too.”
“Yeah,” Bobby Three Ears said, “Maybe…”
“And maybe not…” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster muttered. Johnny Bear Slayer was quiet, contemplating the rock with a brooding stare. 
“Well what do we do now?” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster asked.
“We get the fuck away from here,” Johnny Bear Slayer said.
“What for?” I said, “We’ll only end up coming back. This whole place is nothing more than a cage, a giant holding pen for that thing’s food.”
“Well then, we’ll make it work for its food,” he spat out.
“I don’t think it works that way, Johnny,” I said.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean that we can walk off in any direction we want but no matter how far we go, we’re always going to be within striking distance of that beast. We may think we’re far away from here, but the reality is, we haven’t gone anywhere! This whole place is one big illusion!”
Everyone was quiet after I said this. Perhaps no one had considered this before, though I found that hard to believe. I felt reasonably certain that everyone was drawing the same conclusions. How could they not?
“I think you are correcta, Senora Annie. This place is not what it seems,” Freddy said.
“Look, regardless of that,” I said, “the situation hasn’t changed. We’ve still got to band together and fight that thing!”
“We cannot fight it,” Jimmy Walks Like Rooster said.
“You can’t run from it forever! We’ve got to do something!”
Johnny Bear Slayer stepped forward. “Right now all we do is keep distance between us and that. Now get your pack and let’s move out.”
I saw the crystal knife sticking out of his belt. As he turned to leave I grabbed it. “I’m staying. You move out if you want to. But I’m staying, and I’m keeping my knife!”
Johnny Bear Slayer stared intently at me, and I felt my legs quivering. He smiled, and I felt sure he must have known it. I tried to keep my hand steady. He shrugged and began to turn back, but suddenly he whirled around and grabbed the knife right out of my hand. His other hand came around and slapped me aside the head, knocking me to the ground. I hit the ground with a grunt; the wind knocked out of me. Freddy tried to catch me. “Aw Johnny. Come on now. No need to hit her …” he said, kneeling down to help me up. I looked up at Johnny. “You bastard!” I said. 
He looked down at me, unsheathed the dagger, hefted the blade, and for a moment I thought he was truly going to rip me up with it, so intent was the look in his eyes. Jimmy and Bobby gathered around.  Johnny was holding the knife firmly now, but Bobby grabbed his arm. “Don’t do it, Johnny! Not worth it!”
Johnny looked at him. “That doesn’t mean shit out here!”
Bobby smiled. “Hey…She just wants her knife back! So let her have it. Where’s she gonna go with it? We’re all stuck here. When we find a way out you can take it back!”
Then Johnny smiled and nodded at him, then turned to me. “Okay, Doc. You want the knife? You got it.” He flipped it in his hands, preparing to throw it, and for a moment I tensed, expecting it to come thrusting into my chest. But instead he threw it at the rock as hard as he could. I heard the sound of shattering, and pictured it now in a thousand pieces. I buried my face in my hands and muttered, “God! You son of a bitch!
“Stay if you want!” he said, “Fine with me. Let Tchindi grab you instead!” He turned to Jimmy and Bobby. “Let’s go!” 
They prepared to move out again. Freddy helped me up and I dusted myself off. Freddy pulled out a handkerchief. “Senora, you are bleeding!” he said. He dabbed it on my lip, and I held it there. “Thanks Freddy.”
“Johnny is a bastard…I often thought so. Now I know so. I am so sorry for you, Senora Annie.”
“I’ll be okay, Freddy. It’s just a little blood.”
“It hurts a little, si?”
I nodded. “Si…But at least my jaw isn’t busted.”
“Si, Senora. At least you are not badly hurt. You are still alive… At least we are all still alive.” He shrugged. “I will get you some water.” He trod off and brought his canteen back. I dribbled some water on the kerchief and dabbed my sore lip. “Thanks Freddy.” He nodded and turned back to his gear. “Hey!…Hey, wait a minute!” I said. I grabbed Freddy’s arm and yanked him back. “Freddy! That monster had you in its sights! I saw the whole thing from way over there. It went right up to you and then ignored you! It couldn’t have missed! Why didn’t it grab you?”
Freddy looked embarrassed, glanced toward the others, perhaps uncertain about answering. He shrugged and said softly, “I was lucky, Senora.” He began to move away, and I pulled him back. “No you weren’t. Not lucky. You were deliberate! You did something. What was it?” 
He looked me over and then nodded like a bullied schoolboy. “Si, Senora,” he said, “Come with me. I will show you.” He led me over to the spot where he had been sitting. I noticed that he had etched a circle in the dirt. “That’s it?” I said, “You drew a circle and it ignored you?”
“Si, Senora Annie. That is it. I learned when I was a boy to ward off evil spirits around me by protecting myself with a circle. This is how I have managed to protect myself in this land all this time.”
“My God!” I said in surprise. “So simple…” Then my anger came up and I grabbed his shirt. “Why didn’t you tell us about this earlier? We could have saved Willie knowing this! Why didn’t you tell us!”
Freddy grew nervous and tried to placate me. “Please, Senora, not so loud. I do not want the others to hear us.”
“Loud? Loud! Goddamit Freddy!  I oughta beat your…” I stopped. Some tears came up and I sniffed them back, collecting myself. “Wait a minute!… You don’t want them to know either?”
“No, I do not.”
“Why Freddy?”
He looked sheepish and again looked past me at the others packing their gear. “I am afraid, Senora. I have become an old man, and yet I am no older than Jimmy over there. We all came together. They have only been here a short time, while I have been here a long time. I do not understand this, but this is the way it is. Knowing what I know gives me an advantage over the others. Without it I feel they would throw me to the wolves anytime, you know what I mean?”
I nodded. I knew exactly what he meant.  “You don’t trust them.”
“No, Senora, I do not.”
“What about Willie or me?
He shrugged. “Forgive me, Senora, you are a nice person, but... Perhaps I could learn to trust you…” He smiled.
I nodded and smiled back. “Okay, Freddy.”  At least he was talking straight, which was more than I had been doing lately. Oddly, I trusted that. I sensed that Freddy was playing sides, Johnny and me. He seemed to have no particular allegiance to any of us. I felt the same way. Truth be told, I wanted to get as far away from all of them as possible and never see them again. 
I looked at the others and had the feeling that they would throw me to the Tchindi at any time. I glanced over to the rock and remembered the shattered crystal. I walked over to retrieve what was left of it. Poor Luis! He would be very disappointed. And then he would strangle me…
I walked over to the rock, checking the ground, looking for shattered pieces of crystal. But there were none. That’s odd, I thought, what could have happened to it? I examined the rock face carefully, moving ever closer to the spot from which the Tchindi had emerged, and then I saw the knife.
It was embedded in the rock!
“Oh my God!” I muttered to myself, “It didn’t shatter!” I grabbed the hilt and it felt tightly wedged in. I wondered if it would come out in one piece. I took a firm hold and yanked. There was some resistance, but the blade slid out completely intact with a sound of shuk! I was joyous and relieved. The shattering sound I had heard must have been the rock splitting. “Thank you, God, thank you,” I said, placing the knife back in its sheath. “Don’t worry, Luis, the knife is fine.” I tied the sheath to my belt, determined to not let it get away from me again. I stared at the rock face in front of me, wondering how Tchindi was able to penetrate the wall. I then became aware of a minute crevice, like a hairline crack and I stepped toward it, looking upward at the huge rock. In doing so I stumbled over a smaller rock and went flying forward. I flung my hands out, bracing myself to protect my face from hitting the rock. Instead I hit the soft ground, getting a face full of sandy dirt. I lay on my face, feeling like a bumbling idiot. I stood up and brushed myself off, spitting out some sand from my mouth, and looked back toward Freddy, who had probably seen me fall. Sure enough I saw him running over to help me. I held up my hand to signal I was okay but he kept running with a surprised look on his face. What’s going on? I wondered. What’s wrong? He stopped about six feet away, looking right at me. “I’m okay, Freddy,” I said. He continued looking at me, and then his gaze went up then down, then left and right. His mouth moved, but I did not hear him. “Freddy! What’s wrong?” He kept looking around, like he didn’t hear me, like he didn’t see me. I took a step toward him. Suddenly he gasped and stared at me like I was a ghost. “Bendita Madre mios!” he said, crossing himself. “Freddy, what’s wrong?” I said, “Are you okay?”
He held his hands together in prayer fashion, and a smile grew on his lips. “Senora!” he said, “You have found it! You have found the gateway!”
“What?” I laughed. I looked around me, and was shocked to see myself emerging from the rock as I moved toward Freddy. It was as if the rock was not there, though it appeared solid. “Freddy! Oh my God! You’re right! Look at me!  What does this mean?”
“It means you are blessed, Senora!” he said, regarding me now as if I were the Virgin Mary.
I smirked. “I wouldn’t go that far, Freddy. But I wonder…I had just pulled this dagger from the rock…” I took the knife and tried to stick it back in the rock. It went in easily, as easily as it would have gone into the ground. I pulled it out again and felt the rock. It was now solid! Freddy felt it too. “It is hard again!” he said. Again I stuck the knife in, and pulled it out. Freddy reached out and half of his arm disappeared. He let out another quieter gasp and quickly pulled his arm back, as if afraid he might not get it back. “Now it is not solid!” he said. 
“Freddy!” I said excitedly, in a whisper, “We’ve got it! We’ve got a way out of here! We’re free!” I wanted to laugh with glee, but I contained myself.
“Si, Senora,” Freddy said cautiously, “Free to go and meet Diablo face to face. I do not know if I like this choice.”
Suddenly the harsh reality had reappeared. Yes. Diablo. Willie… I looked past Freddy at the others in the near distance, who were just getting ready to trek onward. So far they had taken no notice of us. This was my chance. Perhaps my only chance. I hurried over to my pack and tightened the cinches. Freddy regarded me curiously. “You are going through, Senora Annie?”
I looked at him. I could see fear in his eyes. “Yes, Freddy, I’m going through. This is a chance to get out of here! Besides, Willie is in trouble, and I mean to help him if I can.” I paused. “Will you come with me?” I looked at the others. “Without them?”
Freddy looked down. “I don’t mind telling you, Senora, I am afraid to go back in there.”
“So am I, Freddy.”
“It may be too late for him.”
“Yes, maybe. But you made it.”
“Si, that is true.” A pained look grew on his face. “You are right, Senora. Because of that, I must go with you. As long as there is a chance, we must help him.”
I was so moved by his words that I wanted to kiss him. “Thank you, Freddy. Go and get your pack. We’ve got to do this quickly and quietly before the other see what we’re up to!”
“Si,” Freddy said.
I put my pack on and walked over to the rock. Freddy joined me a few moments later. He reached out to the rock. “It is solid!” he said, “It was open before, and now it is solid! What if it closes up on us while we are inside?”
I reached out to him. “Take it easy. I don’t think that’s going to happen. Anyway, it’s a chance we have to take. Now’s your chance to back out.”
Freddy paused before answering. 
“What’s going on?” Johnny Bear Slayer said. He came striding quickly over. “What are you two doing here, all packed up like this?” He looked at me. “Thought you weren’t going anywhere.”
“Oh, well, I changed my mind…” I said.
He looked at the dagger that was in my hand. He scowled, probably surprised it was still in one piece. “Let me see that knife.”
I shook my head. He stepped forward and grabbed for the blade. I stepped out of reach and we grappled. The knife fell on the ground. He pushed me away and reached down for the knife. I picked up a small rock and hit him over the head. He yelled in pain, but he was strong and leaped at me. I was taken by surprised and yelled. I could see Jimmy and Bobby rushing over. Oh God, I thought, it’s too late! 
But Freddy picked up the rock and hit Johnny with it, hard. Then he hit him again. I heard a grunt from Johnny and down he went like a heavy sack. I picked up the knife and plunged it into the rock and pulled it out again. Then I stepped through. “Freddy! Come on!” I yelled. He paused, undecided. I reached out and grabbed him, pulling him along with me. I turned and saw we were in darkness, but as my eyes became accustomed to the dark I could see some light up ahead. We were in a huge cave of some sort. The ceiling was incredibly high. I ran toward the light, dragging Freddy with me. I felt myself gasping, puffing for breath. I never ran so hard with a pack on before. I could hear Freddy also puffing, and I hoped he would not die of a heart attack before we escaped.
The path veered slightly and an opening appeared up ahead. We ran for it and in seconds we were again in the light! Almost immediately I sucked in a gasp as my eyes beheld an incredible canyon before me, not so wide but deep, impossibly deep, as if a razor had slashed open the earth. It was breathtaking. As I stared awestruck I felt a surge of excitement at my liberation.
I was free!
#
21
Annie
The Canyon

The effect of suddenly seeing an immense canyon whose edge was mere steps away, when I had become so used to seeing flatland desert with distant unattainable mountains, was dizzying and disorienting. My mouth dropped open as I leaned over the edge and observed steep canyon walls plummeting downward, covering at least three quarters of my field of view, much steeper than the walls I’d explored at Canyon de Chelly two summers earlier. I guessed their depth to be about fifteen hundred feet. We stood on an apparent ridge overlooking part of the gorge. Behind me lay what looked like rocky foothills leading away and upward from the massive rock that served as the gateway, and from which we had just emerged. I could not see over their peaks from where I was. Beyond me, the canyon wound away like an enormous serpent, several miles, I guessed. I estimated the distance directly across the canyon to be no more than a mile. I could see only the distant edges of the canyon, no further, they being evidently at a higher elevation. The view was so striking that I had to sit down to regain my composure. (I was also still out of breath from my struggle with Johnny.)
I sniffed the air; it smelled dead. Actually, it would be more accurate to say, as in the other terrain, it had no smell at all.  I listened for animals or birds; I heard none. My amazement of the view was quickly whittled away by the realization that this place was probably no more alive than the other one. I reached for my shirt pockets; I wanted a cigarette badly and had none. I cursed the day I took up the habit.
I suddenly had the distinct feeling that Luis had been here, had passed this very way. I recalled his tale and in that thought I felt a glimmer of hope. It gave me a warmer feeling than I’d had since…When? I shook my head...I had little concept of time…Maybe it was more of a desperate craving for something familiar. I wanted out of here now. Perhaps the way out lay over the tops of those foothills…that thought, too, gave me hope.
First things first.
Freddy had also sat down. He was also still huffing. “We should not stay here, Senora Annie,” he said. “We must go down into the canyon, or up the hill over there.” He looked beyond the gateway rock to the foothills. “My feeling tells me that is the way home.”
I looked up the hill, and wished I could follow my urgings that told me to go over those hills. I nodded in agreement. “I had the same feeling, Freddy.” I stood up. “I’d love to go over that hill right now and see what’s over there. But I can’t leave without Willie, without at least knowing his fate.”
Freddy nodded. “Si Senora Annie.”
“Freddy,” I said with a smile, clasping his shoulder, “Just call me Annie from now on.”
“Si, Senora…I mean, Annie. How come the others called you Doc? Are you a doctor?”
I grinned when he said this. “No, Freddy, I’m not a doctor...” I replied. “Not even close.”
Freddy indicated the pathway that he had taken out of the canyon. Much of it looked familiar to him, so at least this constant was reassuring. Apparently not everything was in a continuous state of change here. Perhaps this place was more of a buffer zone between our world and the world of Thunderwalker.  Bobby Three Ears said that there were many worlds here. It made sense that there would be many variations of reality in those worlds. If this was the case, who could possibly define reality with any accuracy? Reality as I knew it was based on life in “my” world, not in this one.
Bobby Three Ears had called this reality…the place between worlds… 
We hiked cautiously and quietly down the path. The deeper we went, the more nervous I felt. I expected to see the Tchindi leap out at us from every bend. My mind began to wander…
The place between worlds…  
I began to think about spaces…the spaces between words in books, and how little attention I paid to them. Or the spaces between notes of music, the spaces between word sounds as someone spoke. How natural it was to focus on the spoken or the written words, rather than the spaces between them. And yet, without the spaces, there could be no words, no musical notes, and no sounds. I had never realized this before with such stunning clarity. I began to understand what Bobby Three Ears meant.
It took us the better part of an hour to follow the path down to the bottom of the cliffs. It felt like an hour, but I realized my sense of time was so skewed that it might have been three times that length. We seemed to be at the end of a box canyon. Before we reached the very bottom Freddy stopped and pointed to the nearby caves. “That is the place, Annie. It is very familiar to me.”
There was one large mouthed cave, and a series of smaller ones surrounding it. “I came out of the bigger one,” he said, “but I have to tell you, Annie, I do not feel very good about going back in. I do not want to run into Diablo again.”
“I don’t either, Freddy,” I said, “But we’ve come this far; we can’t go back now. Besides, do you really think you’ll be safer out here than in there?” Freddy’s expression turned even grimmer at this. “I guess you are right, Annie.”
“Let’s go then,” I said. We made our way down the rest of the path and walked across the dry sandy canyon floor. I looked up at the towering cliffs above us, awestruck by the sheerness of their vertical drop. I was partly looking for other signs of life, and partly for other ways out if the need should arise. So far I saw no other exits. It made me nervous, wondering if we were now inadvertently trapped in here. Surely there are other ways out further into the canyon, I wondered.
Of course there are, I answered myself.
I dismissed the thoughts from my mind as we drew closer to the large opening.  I felt sweat dripping down my back and reluctance weighing on me as fear began to worm its way further in. The mouth of the cave was enormous, being about thirty feet high and about the same distance around. Very little light penetrated the entrance due to a massive rocky overhang, which cast a long shadow, and what little light shone into the grotto was hungrily swallowed up by the gloomy blackness beyond. 
We gripped our flashlights and ventured in. Freddy led the way, though he now seemed more reluctant to do so.
The interior was cool, but not like other caves I’d been in. There was no draft, none at all; the coolness felt artificial. Again, everything in this land appeared to be dead, unreal. I began to question once again if I was still alive, or had I simply become a part of this hidden land, this place between worlds?
Could Luis have been so unaware of what kind of place he had accidentally wandered into? I wondered. 
We walked along a darkened path for some time with only the small glow of our flashlights lighting the way. “Does this seem familiar at all?” I asked Freddy. He stopped and shined his flashlight up at a huge domed ceiling. “Madre Mio!” he said, crossing himself. “I do not remember this. It was very dark and I was busy running the other way! But this has to be it. It is the only way in!”
We appeared to be in a large cavern, the breadth of which I could not guess without difficulty, perhaps two hundred feet across, and fifty or sixty feet high. There were many stalactites and stalagmites that had long ago joined and thickened over eons of time, forming thick columns of lime deposits. Only now, I noticed, in this place between worlds, no more water dripped down the stalactites; they had long ago dried up. A quick inspection revealed this to be true of all the others within my view. Shining the light throughout the cavern produced an eerie effect, casting many shadows from the columns. The movement of the light created many optical illusions of moving rock, and at one point out of the corner of my eye, I detected another movement. I shined my light toward it and beheld faces staring at me from the other side of the chamber! I gasped and almost dropped the light. “Freddy!” I whispered. “Look over there!”
He shined his light as well, but the faces were now gone. “What was it?” he said, “What did you see?”
“I saw faces! Indian faces. They appeared to be men, old men.”
“Are you sure, Annie? I see nothing. Could they run away so fast?”
Indeed they were gone, as quickly as they had appeared, but in this place they could have disappeared easily enough. I had to admit I was not certain that I had seen them.  “I’m not sure. Where do you think we are?”
He shrugged. “I do not remember this cavern. I was following Diablo to find the way out. I was not looking around with my flashlight for fear of being discovered.”
We went further, almost to the other side of the cavern, when Freddy stopped. He sniffed the air. “Do you smell that?” he said.
I sniffed the air. “Whatever it is, it smells awful,” I said, “It smells like…” I couldn’t finish.
“It smells like blood,” Freddy finished for me. 
“Oh God,” I said, starting to feel nauseous. “You’re right! What does it mean?”
“It means we are close. I remember this smell very well. I will never forget it.”
I stared down the dark passageway that appeared to lead into oblivion. In this awful place it seemed only natural that the air would be filled strongest with the scent of death. We were in the heart of it now. If Willie was alive, he was here, close by. “Willie!” I yelled. Freddy gave me a horrified look as if my shout might awaken all the very demons we were trying to avoid. He began fidgeting and looking around nervously for the Diablo. Then, a short distance away, we heard a faint voice, “Annie!… Over here! Over here!”
My heart leaped. “Come on!” I said, taking the lead now. We moved down the path as fast as possible and came to a smaller cave. I shined the light in, and Freddy gasped in recognition. “Santa Maria! This is the place!” His voice sounded nervous and weak. “Annie!” Willie yelled from the far end. I shined the light over and saw his face sticking out of a mesh of white material. I hurried over. “Willie! Oh God, am I glad to see you! Are you all right?”
“Yeah, I’m okay. Could be worse. But I’m stuck in this crap. I tried getting out, but I’m in here pretty good.”
I pulled out the crystal knife. “We’ll have you out of here in a jiffy. Are you sure you’re all right? That monster didn’t hurt you?”
“Nope. Not yet. Just stuck me here and left. But looks like on his way out he finished off ‘ol Snakebelly over there.”
Freddy shined his light across the floor and there in a lumpy pile was a hideous mass of bone and deteriorated flesh sticking out of the whitish cocoon. I had to fight down the nausea now. “Oh God!” I said. Except for some of his clothes I would not have recognized him, so emaciated was his body. And now I became aware of other bones and clothes, left over artifacts. Along with the nausea was now a growing feeling of horror.
“Poor Snake,” Freddy said.
“Yeah,” Willie said, “I heard the whole thing. It didn’t sound pretty, I’ll tell you that! Get me outta here!”
I took the knife and easily slashed through the sticky mass. In a few moments Willie was free. Willie looked upon the corpse and shuddered. “So that’s what happened to him. In the dark I couldn’t tell. I thought that thing was gonna eat him, but that ain’t what it sounded like. Sounded more like he was sucking somethin’ outta him.”
“Poor bastard,” Freddy said.
“Yeah,” Willie said, “I thought I was a goner for sure when that thing brought me in here, but he stuck me in this mess and then went over to old Snake and finished him off.”
“He was still alive?” Freddy said.
“Yep,” Willie said, “I could hear him moaning, talking to himself like he was outta his mind. Even laughing a little. Then the Tchindi went to him, and I heard him scream for a moment. After that all I heard was that damn sucking sound, and I’ll tell you, that’s a sound I never want to hear again as long as I live!”
“Come on,” I said uneasily, “Let’s get out of here now! I don’t think there’s a moment to lose.” 
We began to retrace our steps, which proved to be easier than going in. I led the way with my light, Willie right behind, and Freddy in the rear. He shined his light through the large cavern as we passed through and again I saw the faces of old men staring at us. Who are they? I had little doubt now that they were real, and I wondered if they were going to give chase, or alert others to our presence, but they gave no response. Perhaps the Tchindi was not threatening to them, and maybe because of that they had little to fear from outsiders. Since communication with them was not expedient at the moment, there was no way to know.
Suddenly there was a low growl coming from deeper within the cave, from whence we had come, and with mutual horror we realized that the Tchindi was in pursuit. “Run! Run!” Freddy yelled. I bolted down the path as fast as I could with the others on my heels. Though I could not tell how far away the Tchindi was because of the dark surroundings, I ran as if it were right there reaching out for me. With all the adrenaline pumping through me, slowing down was impossible. I had seen the monster’s long stride; I knew it might be on top of us at any moment. Our only hope was to make it to the cave’s exit, which now was revealed up ahead by light streaming in through the tunnel.
With a gasp of relief I emerged from the cave, quickly followed by the others. But I knew the relief was short lived. Where to go now? How to outrun that giant?
Freddy pointed out ahead of us, toward the canyon floor. “Run into the canyon! Quick!”
We all bolted at once, without thinking, running at the top of our strength, as fast as our legs and our breath would carry us. ”Split up!” Freddy yelled, “Split up!” We all did so, I running for the westerly wall, Willie on the eastern side, and Freddy down the middle, each of us already several hundred yards from each other. I ran as I had never run before in my life. I began feeling the effects of too many cigarettes and wondered if I would be able to outrun the beast. 
Freddy’s direction had been a wise choice, I realized, for we were at the bottom of the canyon now, with no climbing to slow us down. Splitting up would give at least two of us a fighting chance to escape.
I turned around to look, and just at that moment the Tchindi emerged from the cave. I thought we had run pretty far, but suddenly the huge size of the Tchindi made the distance seem meaningless. I saw its small eyes blink uselessly in the bright light. It began to listen and sniff the air. I wondered if it would find us if we all stood still. Probably. It would simply take a little longer, but it would find us. With renewed energy and horror, I began to run again. The Tchindi also began to give chase.
I heard Freddy yelling. He was well down the middle now, ahead of both Willie and me, and I wondered at the energy in him. He was yelling and pointing ahead at something, and now I could see it was a depression up ahead, where the land sank down. Freddy was waving us toward it. But why?
I saw why a moment later. The depression revealed a river! Water! I now saw a small river cutting across the canyon floor, emerging from within the rock on the eastern side and continuing along the west side of the canyon. I was astonished. I had thought water was non-existent here. But here it was, and now that I saw it I felt incredibly thirsty. I ran for it, since there was nowhere else to run to. I saw Willie also making for it on the other side of the canyon.
I looked back again to see where the Tchindi was, and with a shock I saw that it had taken after me! Oh God, I thought, give me strength! Perhaps the water was deep! Perhaps the Tchindi could not swim. I prayed that this was the case. 
I ran over a small hill, thinking that the river’s edge would be right there on the other side, but I came to the edge of a small bluff, and now stood at the edge of a steep enormous drop to the river. I looked around me, and the Tchindi was closing in fast. My blood ran cold with the sight of its awful looking mouth, and the memory of what it had done to poor Snakebelly. I turned around and leaped out into space, closing my eyes, and felt myself plummeting toward the water. I hoped it was deep enough. 
I splashed into the water and it sounded like an explosion to me. It proved to be plenty deep, but I discovered too late that I had forgotten to hold my breath. I came coughing to the surface, sputtering and gasping for air. My pack was weighing me down, but I just managed to get across toward the other side. Freddy now came charging into the water. He helped me out and we both collapsed on the bank. Willie came running over to join us. We all stared up at the bluff where the Tchindi stood overlooking the river. It moved its massive head around, sniffing the air. But it seemed to be doing something else also. “What’s it doing?” Willie said, “Why doesn’t it follow us?”
“The river!”  I said. “It must be the river. Maybe it doesn’t like water!”
For the moment, the beast remained where it was, sensing perhaps that we were close, but now in a place where it could not go. It seemed somewhat bewildered in its movements. It stood there almost perfectly still. It was, I thought, listening to us. Perhaps it was also “deciding” in its own way what to do. Would we continue on our trek, or cross over the river back into its territory? It was waiting for us to make the next move. It seemed obvious to me that, whatever we decided, we would be better off if we were not playing on his turf.
I looked at Freddy. “You knew about this,” I said. 
Freddy shrugged and nodded. “It is true, Senora Annie. I knew only that the river was here.”
“How did you know?”
“Because I have been here before.”
“You didn’t say anything about this water when you were telling us how you escaped,” Willie said. “You made it sound like you got outta there in a hurry.”
“Si,” Freddy said, “I did. But I also was able to see the river from on top of the canyon. I didn’t go through right away. I did some exploring first.”
“Wasn’t that taking a chance with that thing on your heels?” Willie said.
“Well, it seems our friend here knows more about protecting himself from natural dangers than he’s been letting on,” I said. I told Willie about Freddy making the circle to escape the Tchindi before. Willie seemed impressed. “That’s a good one,” he said, “Lupy says that’s an old Indian trick for warding off bad spirits, but I always thought it was invisible ones.”
“Apparently it works on live ones too,” I said.
Willie fumed and slapped his hat against his leg. “Well dang it, Freddy! We could’ve saved ourselves a split gut from all that running!”
“It would not have worked, Willie!” Freddy yelled back.
“Well why not?”
“Because he is dumb, but not stupid! He is Diablo! He cannot pull you out of the circle, but he can wait for you to come out. It is only a matter of time. You cannot stay in the circle forever. There was no time for that.”
There was a strained silence. I was trying to think of something else to accuse Freddy with, but I couldn’t. I let out a frustrated sigh.
“He’s right,” I said, “This was the only way. Freddy, I’m glad you knew about the river, but how did you know he wouldn’t follow us?”
Freddy shrugged. “I didn’t. It was a chance I took. He is a hunter. I knew in the cave he could track us by smell and by sound, but out here he would have to rely mostly on smelling our tracks. The river seemed like a natural boundary. I didn’t know if it would cross or not.” 
 “It’s gone,” Willie said. We all looked up at the bluff. It was nowhere in sight. We moved further down the bank but still could not see it. “Well, what do you think?” I said, “Are we safe from it, or do we run some more?”
“I’m for putting as much distance between us and that thing as possible,” Willie said. 
“I’m with you, amigo,” Freddy said. “Divine Providence has helped us. Let us take advantage of it.”
I took off my pack, grateful to be relieved of the weight. Willie immediately picked it up. He stood there quietly for a moment, looking at me as if embarrassed or unsure what to say. I regarded him curiously. “Willie? Is something wrong?”  I said.
“Let me carry this for you, Annie.”
“Oh…” I was surprised. 
“I ain’t got no pack of my own anymore, just a strong back and my arms.”
I smiled at him, and I saw in his youthful brown handsome face the typical square jaw and determination of a Navajo man. And I saw a new look I hadn’t seen before.  I knew he’d had a crush on me from the first day we met, and I could still see that young lustful gleam in his eyes. But now the look was different. Like Freddy, he had stared death in the face and got away. Now he looked older, and a different message came to me from his beautiful eyes. It was admiration and gratitude. “Thank you Willie,” I said,  “You don’t have to…”
“I know,” he put in, “But I… I wanna…I’m glad for what you done, coming after me like that. Both of you. I thought I was a goner.”
I smiled more affectionately at him and put my arms around him. His arms returned the embrace and I leaned my head against his chest. I felt lost for words, but wished this moment could last a long time. Freddy began to snicker and I said, “What are you laughing about?”
Freddy giggled then, and said, “It’s not often you hear a Navajo man say thanks. The Dine’ have no word for thanks.”  
I smiled and touched Willie’s cheek. “You’re welcome,” I whispered to him.
“In return, I will carry your pack for you,” he said firmly. I saw there would be no convincing him otherwise, so I nodded.
“What now?” Willie said.
I looked up at the top of the canyon wall, from where we had come. Freddy stood next to me and pointed. “That is where we have to go, Annie. That is where we came through the rock.”
“Yes,” I said, “Unless there is another way?” I looked at him questioningly and he answered me with a shrug. 
“You mean go back up to the top?” Willie said, “Past that thing?”
“Freddy did it.”
Willie considered this doubtfully. “Maybe you got lucky,” he said to Freddy. “You were following it. Maybe we should wait until it goes up hill again, and do the same thing. Maybe we’ll all get lucky.”
Freddy grinned and fingered his chin. “Maybe.”
“I don’t think luck has anything to do with it,” I said.
Willie squinted his eyes and surveyed some of the landscape around us. “There’s a ridge over there, not a far walk. From there we can see the cave. We can see when Tchindi leaves.”
We were all in agreement about this. Willie and I began the short trek uphill to the ridge which overlooked the river and much of the canyon on both sides. Freddy went down to the river and filled up two canteens.
We hiked up to the top in a quick manner and were soon surveying the lower land. Ahead of us was the cave in the near distance. “Where is the Tchindi?” I wondered aloud.
“I don’t know,” Willie said, looking around us, “And I don’t like not knowin’.”
I pulled out my binoculars and peered at the cave, then more of the surrounding area. Willie removed the pack and set it down, and then gestured for the glasses; I handed them to him. I sat down to rest while he looked, and when he was finished he also sat. He put the binoculars back in the case and looked into my pack. “What’s this?” he asked, pulling out a rectangular object wrapped in plastic. I laughed. “That’s my book,” I said, taking it and unwrapping it. I opened the book. “It’s my journal. I’ve been writing down what happens to me.”
“Really?” Willie said. “You write everything?”
“Most everything I can think of,” I said, “When you’re an anthropologist, you write a lot of notes. Sometimes you write a lot of books.”
“Why is it wrapped in plastic?”
I smiled at him. “So it doesn’t get wet when I have to jump off cliffs into rivers, silly!”
“Oh…” He laughed. “That makes sense. You write books too?”
I shrugged. “Yes, someday. Not yet. Just this journal.”
“When do you find time to write in this?”
I grinned at this comment and re-wrapped the book. “Lately I haven’t had much time at all!”
Freddy joined us and passed over the canteens. We all drank. The water was as wet as water should be, and even tasted good going down at first, but the next few sips began to taste very warm and bland. Even the water seemed to lack the very substance which made it water, just as everything else in this world lacked the essence which made it what it was, except perhaps for one exception. The Tchindi seemed real enough, genuinely horrible. 
No one had any food, which didn’t matter because no one was hungry anyway. None of us had been truly hungry since being here. In this world, apparently, food and water were physiologically unnecessary, as Johnny Bear Slayer had told me. Convenient, I thought, but it saddened me. Sometimes eating something was a comforting thing to do.
“Well,” Freddy said, picking up a stone and throwing it, “I guess Diablo must have gone back into the cave.”
I was surveying the other side of the canyon, on our side of the river. Willie said,” You suppose he ever takes a siesta?”
Freddy snorted a laugh. “I don’t know about that, my friend. But whoever he catches is in danger of a long siesta!” They both laughed. I smiled at his joke. They had both escaped from that dreaded monster. They were entitled to a good laugh over this. I thought of poor Snakebelly. In spite of his loathsome qualities, I felt sorry for him. No one should die in such an awful manner. 
I put the glasses down. “I’m seeing some green landscape upriver,” I said, “I don’t know if that’s a good sign or not, but it’s the first time I’ve seen anything green around here at all.” They both nodded. Willie said, “The color green’s sorta unusual around these parts anyway. I mean, back home it is. We don’t get much green in the desert.”
Freddy looked through the glasses. “Some Juniper trees, some yucca plants maybe. Could be some grass too. That would be unusual.”
Freddy jumped up. “Look!” He pointed toward the cave.
We all stood up and looked. From out of the cave emerged the Tchindi once again. Watching its grotesque shape gave me the shivers. For a moment it seemed to be twice as big as it was, but I knew it had to be an optical illusion. It stood there, sniffing the air, moving its head around, looking up, then left, then right. None of us moved at first. I started to say something, but Freddy’s hand gently stopped me. For a couple of minutes we watched the beast walking back and forth in front of its domain, sometimes bending to the ground as if to hear, or even see something on the ground.
After a time I whispered, “What’s it doing?”
Freddy leaned closer. “I think it is listening for us.”
“I don’t know, Freddy,” Willie said, “We’re pretty far away here.”
“Do you really think it is listening, Freddy?” I asked.
Freddy nodded. “Diablo is listening for something.”
After a few more minutes of pacing back and forth, the beast did something I had not yet seen it do. 
It sat down.
“Caramba!” Freddy said, “Do you see that?”
Willie shrugged. “Yeah. It’s resting. So what?”
Freddy suddenly seemed impatient. “So what? So I’ll tell you what! We are not going back that way! Diablo waits for us! It knows. It knows!”
“What does it know, Freddy?” I asked.
“It knows we are here. Perhaps it can hear every word we say. It knows what we are planning to do. It will not be outsmarted again. It is not so dumb as I thought. I was truly lucky the first time; I do not think we will be lucky again.”
“Maybe that’s the only way out and he knows it,” Willie said.
With the binoculars I looked up at the canyon wall close to us, and then close to where the Tchindi was. “If we could make our way over to the left there we might be able to climb up.”
“Climbing is not the problem, Annie,” Freddy said, “Si, we could climb. But Diablo is smart. It knows. It is probably a good climber too. We would be too slow and too noisy climbing.”
“Well, maybe it’s just guarding its cave, like an animal protecting its den. Maybe if we stay far enough from it we’ll be okay. Look where we are now. We seem to be okay here.”
“Si,” Freddy said, “But all is not what it seems to be here.”
I nodded. “Freddy, you are certainly right about that.”
“Okay,” Willie said, “but we don’t know that for sure.”
“What are you getting at?” Freddy said.
“We should find out,” Willie said. “I’ll go across the river and hike over to that cliff over there, and you stay here and keep a lookout for me, see what it does.”
“I don’t like it,” I said, “It sounds too dangerous.”
“It’ll be okay, Annie. I seen the thing run, and I’m pretty sure I can outrun it if I’ve got a good head start.”
I didn’t know what to say to this. Freddy laughed. “Ho, amigo! That’s a pretty big IF. You mean to climb that wall quick as a spider maybe?”
“I could do it,” Willie said.
“No!” I said firmly. “Willie, you’re a brave…man. But there is not much sense in doing this.”
“But if I can make it climbing up the wall, then you guys can too.”
“You’re forgetting something,” I said, “I agree with Freddy. That thing is smart. You may fool it, but it won’t be fooled a second time. When Freddy and I go, it will be ready for us. It wouldn’t work but once.”
“Well then, maybe we should all go,” Willie said.
“I do not like that idea either,” Freddy said, “Together we would be slower, and the Diablo is sure to get us all then.”
We were all silent for a moment. Willie seemed frustrated by the flaws in his plan. He was lost in thought for a few minutes. Then he said, “I got an idea! Let’s beat that thing at his own game!”
“How?” I asked.
“What if I cross the river and make for them cliffs on the opposite side. Maybe it’ll think that’s where we’re planning on going. Then we go the other way when the path is clear.”
“Willie,” Freddy said, “It won’t work! It will know we are planning on making a move back across the river. I don’t think it is that stupid.”
“Besides,” I said, “What if the only way out is back up there? If it is, that thing knows it, and it knows all it has to do is wait.”
Willie got up and paced. “Well dang it we gotta do something and I’m the only one comin’ up with any ideas here.”
“Willie, I don’t think that’s very fair,” I said.
“Fair’s got nothing to do with it, Annie!” he shot back, “That thing’s just sittin’ there waitin’ for a Willie sandwich! I can’t just sit here while he gets the bread out!”
In spite of the grim reality of our situation, I suddenly burst into laughter. Freddy joined in. 
“How come he’s just sittin there waitin?” Willie went on,  “How come he don’t come charging after us right now if he wants us that badly? How come he don’t come across the river?”
“Si,” Freddy said, “There must be something about the water it doesn’t like.”
I looked in back of us, deeper into the canyon. “We could go that way,” I said, “It’s possible we might find another way out.”
“Yeah,” Willie said, “And it’s possible we might be jumping into something worse! There’s gotta be a reason that thing ain’t comin’ over here.” He pointed out toward the canyon. “And I’m betting the reason is there’s something bigger than it over yonder.” 
We were all quiet for a moment. I think Willie’s simple statement had just voiced our most prominent collective fear. “Good point, Willie,” I said.  “I wondered the same thing. I don’t know why the Tchindi waits over there. Maybe it’s sitting by the only doorway out of here, or maybe there is something worse out there. Either choice is lousy. And I’m reluctant to find out if there’s something worse.”
Freddy nodded. “Si, Annie. Me too.”
“So I think we should try out Willie’s plan.”
Again we were all quiet for a few moments, but in my mind I heard several unspoken replies. Willie slapped his legs and stood up. “Well then, guess I better get goin’.” He slung the pack over to me. “I won’t be needing this.”
“Don’t worry,” I said, “I’ll be giving it back to you soon enough.”
He nodded with a wink and a smile. “It’s a deal.”
“If I see something happen,” Freddy said, “I will whistle loud. If you can get back here, good. But wherever you go, you run your ass off! ”
Willie smiled. “Okay, amigo.”
“Maybe you should have a weapon,” Freddy said, “Just in case?” Then, perhaps remembering his own experience with the Tchindi, he said, “Never mind. What could you possibly use against that?”
“I don’t plan on getting that close,” Willie said.
Suddenly I remembered the crystal knife in my belt. I took it out. “Take this,” I said. “This will surely help you.” I unsheathed it and held it up for him. “I’m not sure what this is for,” I said, “But I think it is very important.” I described how Freddy and I used it to enter this world. I did not describe how I got it.
Willie looked at the knife with some hesitancy. “I don’t want to touch it,” he said. “If it came from here, then it should stay here, and I have no wish to stay here with it. You keep it, Annie. It helped you once. Maybe it will help you again. I won’t be needing it.”
I nodded and sheathed the knife. I realized that he as a Navajo man viewed this knife as an object of the dead, and to wield it might bring him more bad luck than good. His words were also a blunt personal reminder that this knife was a stolen artifact, originally stolen by a Navajo, then by me, then by Johnny Bear Slayer, then by me again. To a Navajo this was no good luck charm. But now, in view of the knife’s potential power, I could not justify getting rid of it. It might well prove to be our key out of this world. I put it back in my belt.
Willie made his way down the hill and briefly stood at the water’s edge. Then he gave us a quick wave and began to wade across. From where we were we had a good vantage point of the Tchindi, and the path Willie would take. I swallowed hard and watched nervously. Willie began striding quickly and quietly at an angle between the cliff and the Tchindi. He covered an amazing distance in a short time. His pace was swift and his feet were agile. I could not have stepped so lightly over such rocky terrain. He made it look easy.
“We must watch carefully,” Freddy said, “From where Willie is, he cannot see Diablo at all until he gets about halfway to the wall.”
I suddenly gasped in alarm and grabbed Freddy’s arm. “Oh God! Freddy!”
He saw it too. The Tchindi was suddenly up on its feet. A split second later it was bounding on its long legs toward the river, toward Willie! Willie was swift, but the Tchindi was faster on its feet, no mistake about that. Freddy whistled loud and clear.  Then he whistled again. In the distance, Willie stopped, looked around him momentarily, and then broke into a mad sprint back to the river. The Tchindi was running so fast I could almost feel the vibration of its massive steps pounding on the ground, as if reverberating throughout the canyon. 
It was a true race now. The Tchindi would certainly overtake Willie if he tripped. Willie widened his stride, never once looking back. He didn’t have to. He knew what was there. I could hear him puffing from where we were all the way up here. Freddy and I yelled and cheered him on. We could do little else. I held my breath. Would he make it? He was so close to the river now, almost at the water’s edge. “Go Willie! Just a little further!” I yelled. Oh please God! Please! I prayed over and over.
And then the worst happened. Willie tripped and fell face forward, hitting the ground with a grunt! I held my breath again. “Oh god, Freddy! What are we going to do?”
I heard Freddy praying in Spanish. I grabbed the crystal knife. Could this do something? Even so, I couldn’t possibly get to Willie on time. I watched helplessly as the Tchindi finally reached Willie.
Willie got up and turned to face the Tchindi. The demon reached for Willie and Willie dove in between its legs. Incredibly, the Tchindi missed! I gasped in surprise. The Tchindi’s huge mouth opened wide and hollered an awful moan, as if in pain. “Its knee is hurt!” I said, remembering Bobby Three Ears deadly aim with his slingshot. The creature suddenly stumbled on the same leg, as Willie darted through its legs and around its rear. The demon turned to its right after Willie, and Willie followed in the same direction, staying at its back. The two of them went around in a brief circle, just long enough for Willie to gain enough momentum to hurl himself into the river. He raced to the other side. The Tchindi stayed where it was, pursuing no further.
I screamed my joy and began running down the slope, quickly followed by an equally joyous Freddy. We both laid into Willie with an ecstatic huddle, for risking his life and then saving it so cleverly. Willie was out of breath, but so filled now with adrenaline that his eyes were darting every which way. He was not quite sure he was safe yet. We reassured him that he was, and to prove it we brought him back up the hill to watch as the beast limped its way back to the cave, where it once again sat down and resumed its vigil.
“Oh God, Willie!” I said, hugging him over and over, “I was so afraid for you. I thought you were dead for sure!”
Freddy laughed and clapped Willie on the back several times. “You were lucky that time, Amigo!”
Willie got his breath back and now laughed along. “Shoot!” he said, “I thought I was a goner when I tripped! I thought I was a goner for sure. Suddenly I was staring him in the face…”
“You mean in the knee,” Freddy said. We all laughed. “Yeah…” Willie laughed, “I guess so. I figured he’d be expecting me to run away, or run left, or run right, but not between his legs!”  We all laughed again. “Gosh,” Willie said, “I could sure use a smoke after that!”
The laughter gradually died down and settled into quiet murmurs of agreement as we looked out at the distant cave, and at the beast which once again blocked our only apparent way home, where we wished we might all settle down for a good smoke.

#

22
Annie
The Power

I have finally taken my journal in hand and recorded everything that has happened to me thus far. I was surprised to find that I had forgotten so many details, which finally came once I began the process of writing. We are camped along the river, deeper into the canyon. It seems a peaceful enough place, but then we have not traveled very far. We are all very tired and wanting sleep.
So far the Tchindi has not given chase, which eases my mind greatly. But a new anxiety has taken its place. What waits for us up ahead? While we are all resting, I don’t think any of us is feeling comfortable enough to get any deep sleep. We have decided to take turns keeping watch from now on whenever we rest. This was unanimous.
Many questions go through my mind presently. What kind of creature is the Tchindi? Why did it not follow us across the water? Must we resort to killing it? Can it be killed? Why is it the only living indigenous animal I’ve seen around here?
But wait! It’s not the only one. There are other people here; I saw them in the cave. I’m sure I was not imagining this as I first thought. I would like to be able to go back and find them. But with that awful creature guarding the entrance how can that be possible? And admittedly, whoever they are, they do not seem very friendly. Perhaps it is they who have some uncanny control over the creature.
I noticed other skulls in the cave, indicating that other captives have been here before us. While I was not able to examine the skulls closely to date them, there were a few which appeared to be very recent  “additions” (although in this place the term “recent” may mean very little!). Are there other humans wandering this world even now that we don’t know about? I think of Johnny Bear Slayer and his men (their numbers dwindled somewhat since I first met them). Somehow Johnny has been able to find his way into these worlds for purposes of exploration and personal profit, and then to leave at will. But what of others who may have become inadvertently trapped like Willie and me? And what of Freddy? He had become caught in a bizarre dimensional shift; caught in this land for a short time, yet in his perception it had been for far longer. For me this was probably the strangest of all; I could never have imagined this was possible. Then again, this sums up my reaction to this entire world. In my travels and my studies of history and mythology, one thing I’ve realized is that there are so many similarities between people that if anyone cares to look, they will find more things that people have in common than which separate them. Ignorance is indifference about seeing oneself in the eyes of another. Prejudice is a refusal to do so. To hear the stories and to see the lands where people once lived has always generated excitement in me. I could always picture history in the making whenever I explored an old ruin. Still, as real as it was to me, it was history, in the past, and therefore out of my reach, except for the few artifacts which remained. Being in the same location, albeit hundreds of years later, was enriching, but never quite fulfilling enough for me.  A photograph provides a glimpse, but not the whole picture. Whenever I see a glimpse into the past through a ruin, or even an old jug, I want so much to truly be there! I want the impossible. My work must necessarily observe the past by comparing it to the present, but not by living or re-living the past. This is an unchangeable truth about my profession, and it has often saddened me that I can do nothing about it. How shall I reconcile this? If my life were not so much in danger presently, I could perhaps better appreciate that it was happening for me on some bizarre level. But which level? Am I still living in the present? Is it the past? If this place is truly the “hidden land” spoken of by others, then I may be forced to conclude that it is neither. If it is somewhere between past, present, and future — if this is true — could I conclude that I was still alive?…
During my watch the time passed without incident. I felt more unsettled here in the darkness than I had in the place on the other side of the gateway portal in the rock (name for this?). Here, the darkness seemed more confining, like the blackness inside a cave. Fortunately there was wood enough to build a small fire and keep it tended. I wanted to do some short range exploring, but I felt it would be unwise to split up from the group even for a few moments. I could not see very far beyond the firelight, and I could easily imagine the visage of some hideous looking creature emerging from the dark. My ears remained attuned to any distant noises, but except for the slow moving river I heard none. I was grateful for the sounds of the water. It sounded more like “normal” territory, even if it wasn’t.
Freddy eventually relieved me and I settled down gratefully for some rest. At first the sounds of gentle lapping water felt calming, and it seemed that sleep would come immediately, but it did not. I reached a certain level of drowsiness and my tense body would go no further. I tossed and turned, unable to dose off. After a while, the steady unchanging flow of the river became louder, monotonous, and annoyingly invariable. In frustration I sat up and decided to talk to Freddy for a while. I turned toward the fire.
Freddy was gone…
Immediately my senses became alert and I quickly scanned the area. I called over to Willie, but he was also gone. My heart pounded like a drum. I turned on my flashlight and swept the area in an arc of light. Everything seemed the same, except for one thing. Further up river there was now a forest of pine and oak trees that hadn’t been there before. I rose to my feet and stared curiously at this new manifestation. I stepped lightly and cautiously toward the forest, looking back every so often to make sure I could still see the fire pit. There was a well-worn path leading through the forest. I shined the light down the path; the darkness was too thick for it to penetrate more than a few yards. I advanced further, occasionally calling out to the others. As I walked further, the path seemed more and more familiar to me, and I realized where I was.
I could hear lapping waters up ahead, through the trees. The path suddenly ended and I was walking through thick brush with tall trees overhead. I stopped to get my bearings, and then froze when I heard a voice, not Willie’s or Freddy’s, but one which sent chills through my body. 
It was the man from my dream.
Sweat beaded on my brow. A sense of urgency rushed through me and I made my way through the brush as quickly as possible. Then through the trees I saw them a short distance away. His back was to me, but I could not see her. Presumably she was on the other side of him. Branches of leaves further blocked my complete view. But I was close enough to yell. I shouted at little Annie. I shouted at him. Neither responded. 
Suddenly the man yelled. I held my breath and watched helplessly. He bent over somewhat as if clutching his stomach in pain. His yell was agonizing. He straightened up somewhat and backed away, almost tripping over his own feet. He turned to run through the brush, toward me, and his face was the essence of pain and horror. I looked past him to see if Annie was all right, but my view of her was still blocked. Then to my own horror I saw blood on the man’s hands as he raged blindly through the thicket. He came stumbling into the space where I was and stopped, just long enough for me to look upon his face, which I now remembered well...
For that brief moment his horrified eyes seemed to recognize me, surprised that another person was there, that another person had seen… Then in the next moment it was if he had not seen me at all, and he continued running and screaming like a madman through the forest, but not before I had glimpsed the blood streaming down his pants from his crotch and had seen his trembling blood-soaked hands holding out before him the remains of what at first looked like a fetus recently aborted. But now I knew differently. I remembered exactly what it was. 
It was his penis.
I heard the man thrashing in the near distance, out of sight to me now. But his screaming pain went right to the core of my bone. I looked back toward little Annie but I could not see her. “Annie!” I yelled, starting to cry. “Annie! Oh God!…”
I collapsed to my knees and cried profusely. In my mind one thought, and one thought only, played on and on like a stuck record.
I did this!
#
23
Annie
A Bad Dream

I blinked my eyes open and Willie was shaking me and yelling “Annie! Annie! Wake up!”  He stopped when I came to. I gasped, not because I was out of breath, but because it had seemed so real! Freddy was next to Willie, and I could see deep concern in their faces. “What is it?” I said, “What’s wrong?”
“You were having a bad dream,” Willie said.
I sat up, remembering all of it. I brushed my hair back. “Are you okay?” Freddy asked.
I didn’t answer; I was staring away, trying to catch the last fleeting remains of the vision.
“You kept crying out in your dream,” he said. “We had a hard time waking you up. You were saying ‘I did this, I did this’.”
I buried my face in my hands. “Oh God…”
They both backed off somewhat now that I was awake but sat close by. I stared away into the darkness. They must have been waiting for me to talk about the dream, but I was quiet for a long time. Freddy finally said, “Do you want to tell us your dream?”
I shook my head. “It was just a dream, that’s all. It’s over now.” I managed a smile.
“Was it a dream about a relative?” Willie asked.
I managed a laugh. “You could say that.”  
“When a Navajo has a bad dream,” Willie said, “Especially if it is about a dead relative, it is a sign of sickness, and a singer must be called to get rid of the sickness within four days, or he will die.” 
“Well…this dream was about me as a little girl.”
“Ah!” Freddy said. “Something bad happened, eh?…”
“That could be even worse!” Willie said.
“Don’t worry, Willie,” I said,  “I’ve had bad dreams before, and they haven’t killed me yet.”
“There are Dark Walkers around here causing this dream.”
I nodded. “It’s possible, Willie, but what can we do about it? There’s no medicine man here…” I looked at Freddy, “Except you, I guess. But you’re not exactly a medicine singer.”
Freddy smiled and shrugged in humility. “No matter. I am at your service, Senora.”
“You’re not even Navajo,” I said skeptically. “Besides, they say Navajo medicine doesn’t work on white people.”
“It’s true,” Willie said, “at least that’s what Lupy says. He says the only reason it doesn’t work is because white people believe in white medicine.”
Freddy shrugged. “I’ve heard that too.”
“If we had some corn pollen,” Willie said, “you could eat some and then you would have some protection.”
“Don’t worry about me. I’m fine,” I said. 
“Willie is right,” Freddy said, “You have had a bad dream. You should have some protection. I can put a spell on you.”
“No.”
“Just a little spell. It will be enough.”
“Freddy, it’s not necessary…”
“Was there a bad man in your dream?”
I wanted to protest more strongly, but this question silenced me. “Did this bad man threaten you in your dream?” Freddy asked.
I vividly recalled the fear and sadness I felt in the dream. “Yes,” I said, “he threatened me as a little girl.”
“Ah. Good.” He closed his eyes for a moment, sniffing in the air, looking around as if he could see with his eyes closed. “Ah!” he said. Then he opened them and said, “This bad man is a ghost following you around. We must get rid of him. He is blocking something from you.”
I looked at Freddy with some bewilderment. He was very serious about this. “What is he blocking from me?” I asked.
“Your power!” Freddy said.
“My power…” I suddenly realized that Freddy had already gone into a kind of trance. As he looked at me, I could feel him looking into me. I felt his presence inside me. It was a very definite physical sensation, and not all that comfortable. I felt my privacy had been disturbed, as if I was alone in a room and he had suddenly walked in unannounced. I wanted to tell him to stop but something prevented me. It was not fear. It was a feeling that, in this particular moment, I needed him to be here. I realized I was impressed with this ability he was displaying, and strangely, I trusted him because of it. 
Still in a half trance he got up and went to the fire, taking one of the partially-burnt juniper logs. He motioned Willie out of the way and began scribing a circle of ash around me, reciting a song, the words of which I did not know. It was not Navajo tongue, though even if it were I would not have understood the words anyway. Willie sat a short distance away, watching curiously. He seemed uncomfortable with what was happening. 
He wasn’t the only one.
Freddy finished the circle then dropped the log back into the fire. He was singing all the while. Then he stood a few feet away from me, intonating with eyes closed. Then he picked up two handfuls of dirt and walked around the circle spreading the dust. I sat with my arms around my knees, simply watching him. I no longer felt his presence looking inside me, but I could sense him going deeper and deeper into trance. He stopped again when he was in front of me, staring with half open eyes at some unseen object above me. At first his expression, though intent, seemed rather neutral, simply observing. But his gaze lingered, and eventually took on a more serious tone. His eyes grew wider and his lips parted. I wondered what he was seeing. My discomfort began to return, and for a moment I felt that the man in my dream was standing right behind me. I began to feel intense fear, and I watched it mirrored in Freddy’s face. As my face became more pained, so did his. I saw no spirits in front of me or in back of me, but I felt such intense fear around my head and chest that I almost felt like I was suffocating. This too I saw in Freddy’s face. It looked as if he was trying to escape from something, but was trapped where he was. There was a pained expression on his face as he struggled to free himself. His hands went up to his throat, then to his chest, as if trying to find the source of the pain. Then several things happened at once. Embers exploded within the fire, which roared straight upward, perhaps twenty feet. I was astonished, for I had never seen fire do that, at least not without the help of a combustive ingredient. Then some force pushed me roughly onto my back, and I felt as if the wind had been knocked out of me. The same thing happened to Freddy.
We both yelled out at the same time…

Suddenly I was looking down a dark path which led on and on, only to disappear into a maze of huge trees crowding each other, their roots splayed all over the ground, hopelessly entangled, each tree looking as if it were choking, struggling for sunlight with the tree next to it. I began moving down the path, although the sensation felt more like I was being gently prodded along. I moved along, slowly at first, then more quickly, surrounded by the darkness of the suffering trees. I heard a strange sound all around me, faint, a kind of wailing. I wondered if the trees were making this sound. 
Eventually I came to an all too familiar setting. There was a small stream with chortling water, and a path next to it. A shudder passed through me as I saw the spot where I had played so many times as a little girl. There was a Raggedy Ann doll lying there. I sat down and picked it up, and in surprise I saw that my hands were young looking, smooth and pink, the hands of a young child who was no more than five years old.
"We're going to have a tea party now," the little girl said to Raggedy Ann, putting her down on the soft pine needles and propping her up against a small sapling. She took an imaginary teapot and a cup. "Would you like cream and sugar with your tea?" she asked politely.
"Oh yes, I would!" Raggedy Ann said with a blank smile on her face, "Thank you very much! And could I please have a cookie too?"
There was a sound in the distance, the sound of crunching leaves, coming from within the woods. She looked up toward the source of the sound. It could be a wild animal...or it could be a person...
The sound grew steadily louder, coming toward her. A familiar voice advised her, "You be careful and stay around the house, Annie. Don't go walking down the path by yourself. Always stay in sight of the house..."
She looked down the path and could see where it ran next to her yard. She could even see the corner of her house. If she got up and ran, she would be standing in her own yard in only a minute's time. Then she would be safe...
When she turned around again toward the sound, she saw a man come out of the trees. He was a poor man, she thought, because his clothes were wrinkled and shabby looking. He had brown skin, and his hair looked messy. Maybe he lived by the railroad tracks, because mommy said that's where the "tramps" lived.
He was doing something with his zipper when he came out of the trees and spotted her. He stopped and smiled at her. He had almost no teeth, and his face was ugly with whiskers all over it. She felt a tremble run through her. He was smiling, but he was a scary man. He came toward her, and she wanted to get up and run, but she felt powerless to move. Her tiny shaking body would not respond. The feeling of dread from this man was so hypnotizing that she could not take her eyes off of him. She heard Raggedy Ann fall over...
He stopped right next to her. "Hello little girl," he said. He sounded like he had something caught in his throat. Her eyes grew bigger with fear. It was difficult to look up at him. She could hardly see his face, it seemed so far away. "Guess what I found?" he said, cupping his hands in front of his pants. She thought she heard his zipper, but could not tell. "I found a little animal in the woods. Would you like to see what I found?"
An animal? she thought suspiciously. He stood there holding his hands in front of him, like there was something in there. Now the hands were moving a little. Maybe there was a little animal in there, she thought, a little baby animal...
"Would you like to see what I found?" he asked in a soft voice again. She nodded blankly and said, "Yes..."
His hands parted slightly, and from inside came the head of a...a mouse...
No, not a mouse...it was his...
The man giggled and began to fondle it, making strange noises.
Her eyes were as big as balloons. Waves of shock washed over her like water. She felt afraid, deathly afraid! It did not occur to her at first that he might hurt her. But she was horribly afraid that he was going to pee on her. What he was doing was bad, she thought, it was bad...
He was a bad man...
She began to cry, not because of the man, but because of a sharp pain in her head. It came suddenly, without any warning, from nothing to a piercing, splitting feeling, as if her head was being torn in two...He was a bad man, and he was doing a bad thing... Make it go away...
Make it go away...make it go away...make it go away...
The words echoed in her mind, over and over, all that she was aware of. For a moment she no longer saw him, or the trees, or her Raggedy Ann, or what he was doing...She saw only what was not there...
Then suddenly she saw his face again, looking confused. He winced slightly, like something was wrong. He looked down at his hands, and his mouth fell open, and his eyes became almost as big as his mouth as his hands squeezed tightly, and more tightly, and more tightly,...until he had pulled his penis out by its roots. "Ah-ahh!.." came weakly out of the man's mouth. He stared in horror at his crotch and saw gushing blood filling the spot in his pants, and sending red rivers down his leg. His mouth fell open with numb shock. Then a monstrous wave of pain hit him as he realized what he had just done to himself. "AAHHHHHH!...AAHHH!...AAHHH!...." He screamed like a madman and he backed away from the girl, tripping over his feet, then turned and ran into the woods frantically, bumping into trees, tripping, yelling all the way.
She sat there quietly, in a mild shock herself, listening to the screaming, thinking to herself  "I made it come off...I made it come off...I did a bad thing..."
It was several minutes before she could no longer hear the screams of the man...
"...I did a bad thing..."
My heart was crying for her. "No, you did not do a bad thing..." I said.
"I didn't do a bad thing?" she responded. She was looking right at me. 
"No,” I said in a tearful voice, “you were very young. You had no idea of the power you had. You had to defend yourself. You were a good girl...It was not your fault..."
"I was a good girl..."
I knelt down and took her in my arms. I felt the wonderful warmth of her skin and the fresh smell of her washed hair. She relaxed in my arms and I rocked her gently. The words played in my mind over and over again, like a stuck record. "I was a good girl...I was a good girl..." and I felt a feeling of relief rinsing my entire body, and a great weight lifted…

Then I was back at the camp again. All was quiet, except for the light crackling of the fire, which had now died down to its previous intensity. I sat upright again, able to breathe normally, but still shaken by what had just happened. Freddy was slowly lifting himself up. Willie looked horrified.  When the fire had exploded he had jumped up and ran off a short distance. Now he hesitantly approached us again. I wasn’t sure how much time had elapsed but it seemed as if everything had happened in an instant, including the vision.
Freddy dusted himself off. He was staring at me. “Are you okay?” he said. I nodded, lost for words at first. I suddenly realized my cheeks were wet from tears and I wiped my eyes. 
“You have had a vision, Senora,” Freddy said. 
I nodded, both stupefied and impressed with Freddy. I moved closer to the fire, staring into the embers but still seeing the fading vision before my eyes. Had it been real? Had it all happened just that way? 
“You have a great power,” Freddy said. “You have kept it hidden for a long time.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. I wasn’t even sure if he was right. And yet apparently Freddy had seen. How else did he know? “I saw everything,” he said, answering my thoughts, “The little girl, the man, and… what he did to himself.”
“You mean what I did to him,” I said, feeling another hot tear flow out of my eye.
“No, Annie,” he said softly, “I mean what he did to himself. You did nothing. But you made him believe that he did that to himself.”
I was confused. “What are you saying?”
“You made him see something that was not there. That was your power. He knew that he did a bad thing. You made him punish himself for what he did. And for him it was very real. But as a little girl you could not have known what you were doing.”
The weight of Freddy’s words rang true.  It was easy for me to assume I had done something wrong. “I was so convinced that I had done a terrible thing,” I said, “I never told anybody about that, ever. And eventually I forgot about it, until recently, when I started dreaming about it.”
“When you came to this place,” Freddy said.  I nodded.
“Ah,” he said, “The power came to you as a little girl. And now the power is trying to come back.”
“Because I need it again?” I asked, wondering aloud.
He shrugged. “That is a good question.” 
I looked at him, waiting for him to say more, but he didn’t. I looked at Willie, who had been staring at me all along like he was seeing a ghost. What must his Navajo mind be thinking, I wondered?  “Are you all right, Willie?” I asked.
He nodded, and then stared into the fire. After a few moments he said, “I seen it too.”
“What did you say?” I asked.
He hesitated. I saw clearly the blaze of the fire reflected in his dark eyes. “I seen it,” he said again, “Everything. The girl, the man. I was way over there, but I seen the whole thing from over where I was.”
Freddy and I both watched him. I was shocked. “You saw it?” I asked.
He shrugged. “It wasn’t like I was seein’ a movie or nothin’. But I seen it. In my mind I seen it all…”
I looked at his arms; they were quivering. “Why are you shaking?” I asked him. He looked over at me, and I saw that he was frightened. “Because I seen somethin’ else,” he said. 
“What did you see, Willie?” I asked.
“Somethin’ scary,” he said.
“What was it?”
He stared into the fire for a long time and seemed reluctant to speak.  He was so still I became aware of the fire’s reflection in his eyes. Finally he said, “I seen my own death.”
A thick silence surrounded us all like a box. Freddy and I both stared at him uneasily. Willie still did not move, and as I watched him I thought just for a moment that I was indeed looking at a dead man. I shook the frightening thought from my mind. “What happened, Willie?” Freddy asked. 
“I got changed into a wolf and then got shot.”
The weight of his words hung over the fire and no one said anything for a few moments. “Good Lord,” I said, “Willie…”
Freddy snorted an uneasy laugh, then spat into the fire. “I too saw something which frightened me,” he said. “But first, amigo, I want to ask you something. What is the worst thing you can imagine happening to you?”
Willie looked at him, thought a moment, then said, “That’s pretty much it right there.”
“To be a wolf and then somebody shoots you?”
Willie nodded. “Yeah.”
“Because then your spirit would be trapped, and doomed to wander the earth, infected like a Tchindi, your spirit becoming a Dark Walker…”
Willie nodded.
“How did you know that, Freddy?” I asked.
He shrugged. “For a Navajo man that is probably the worst thing that could happen. I think you have done to Willie what you did to the man. Your power came out and showed Willie what he is most afraid of.”
“Oh my God…” I muttered. I could scarcely believe it, yet something in me felt that Freddy was right. The feeling of certainty fit like a glove. “Then it doesn’t mean that it’s going to happen?” I said.
Freddy shrugged. “I don’t know, Senora. What is for certain in this place? If you can tell me that, then I think you have answered your own question.”  He got up and went down to the river.  He sat on the bank and began tossing small stones into the water.
Willie was staring into the fire. He seemed frightened for the first time since I had met him. I gave his shoulder a light squeeze to reassure him.  “You okay?” I asked him.
 He nodded. “Sure Annie, I’m okay.”
“Does it bother you, what you saw?” I asked.
He shrugged. “A little.” He stared silently into the fire for a long time. “I ain’t afraid of dyin’.”
I nodded without saying anything. I wasn’t sure what to say. But to me, dying in this place was a scary thought…
Then Willie said, “Sure wish Lupy was here.” 
Hearing that, I suddenly began missing Luis again.  “I wish he was here too,” I said. I stood up and stared into the fire for a few moments longer, trying to think of something else to say. When I could think of nothing I left Willie alone and walked to the river, where I found Freddy in a similar state, staring out at the unhurried flow of the water. 
I dipped my hand in the water and drank. I looked upriver as far as the partial daylight would allow. “I suppose it would be logical to follow the river for a while,” I said.
Freddy said, “Si, Annie. If there is any life around here it will probably be on the river.”
“There is life here,” I said.
“Ah,” he said, “Diablo. You are right.” He laughed.
“Yes,” I replied. “But not just Diablo.”
“What then?”
“The people in the cave. Don’t you remember? I saw them.”
He nodded.
“I saw them again, on the way out of the cave. In all the excitement of being chased by the Tchindi I forgot to mention it.”
“Do you think they were real?”
“What do you mean? They looked real.”
“They may have been ghosts.”
I stared out over the water, considering this. “Yes. I guess it’s possible. I have never seen a ghost before. I’m not sure what they look like.”
Freddy threw a rock into the water. “I think ghosts are memories. They look like whatever we want them to look like. They seem very real at first, and they make us feel a certain way. But they are not real. We cannot touch them.”
“What about Tchindis?”
Freddy thumbed his chin. “Tchindis are different. They are ghosts, but they are real. They are evil spirits, and that is why they can reach out and touch you and cause harm. A Tchindi can kill you if you are not careful. One needs strong medicine to fight a Tchindi.”
“Do you think there are good spirits too?”
He nodded. “Si. There are good spirits. The world is full of spirits. The world is a big place, but the world of the spirits is much bigger.”
I managed a frustrated laugh. “I don’t understand.”
Freddy laughed too. “The wisest thing a human can say is ‘I don’t understand.’ It is the beginning of real wisdom.”
“Well that may be. But I still don’t understand.”
“You may never understand. I don’t understand either. The world is a very, er…com…mixed up?”
“You mean complex?”
“Si! Complex! That is a good word! It is a good word for scientists like you! The world is very complex. It is like an ant hill.”
“An anthill?” I laughed.
“Si! When you stand over an anthill and you look down and see all the hormigas de fuego...”
I laughed again. “The what?
Fire ants! When you see them running all over the place, crawling all over each other, in and out of one little hole. How do they know where they are going? How do they know what they are doing? It all seems so confusing, like they are all in madness.”
I laughed at the little gestures and faces he made while describing the ants. “We look down on their world and think ‘I don’t understand. This world is too confusing!’ But the world of the ants is very organized. They have their own rules and leaders. Their homes are well built and protected from sun and water and enemies. We see only one way in and one way out, but there are many back doors, all leading into the plaza, bigger than we can imagine. This is the way the world is also.” 
“What about this world?”
Freddy laughed. “This world? This is not our world, Senora. This is the place between worlds.”
“You said this was Thunderwalker’s lair, that this is the Place of the Thunderwalker.”
Freddy considered this for a moment. Then he nodded. “Si.”
“So the rules don’t apply here?”
“There are no rules here.”
“What about Thunderwalker?” 
“What about him?”
“How does he figure into all of this?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. He is the spider. We are the flies.”
“Doesn’t sound like a very good arrangement.”
Freddy laughed. “Sometimes life is not fair.”
“What do you know about Thunderwalker?”
He shrugged, and I realized that in seeing Freddy’s aged countenance I had fallen into a trap of thinking he had been around for a long time, when in fact he was younger than I. “There is not much I can tell you about Thunderwalker, just what I have already said. You are very interested in Thunderwalker?”
“Yes. Very. He is part of the reason I came here.”
“Ah. You have studied books about him?”
“Well, no. There are no books written about him. There are only stories from the locals.”
“Si. Then tell me. What do you know about the Thunderwalker?”
I joined Freddy in tossing rocks into the water. “I know a few threads of stories, mythology perhaps,” I said, “Mostly adding up to a strange tale of an old old man who lived a long long time ago and had power to control the elements… and may or may not still be alive…”
“Ah…This word ‘mythology’ means that it is just a story…that it is not real?”
I shrugged. “No, not necessarily. It means that…” I laughed. “It means that some of it is real and some of it isn’t.”  We both laughed. 
“The thing of it is,” I continued, “I didn’t really believe any of it, until I ended up in this place. Now I’m starting to believe all of it may be truer and stranger than I ever knew.”
“Why did you come here, Senora?”
“To the reservation, you mean?”
“Si.”
“I’m an anthropologist. I came looking for information, some of it about ancient civilizations. Some of it about shamans, like Thunderwalker.”
“Did you find what you were looking for?”
I threw a rock further out than the others had gone. It penetrated the water with a loud ka-ploop. “Before I came here I would have said no. But now…It may be that what I’m looking for has found me.”
Freddy nodded. “It may be, Senora. We look for our destiny, but destiny always finds us.”
I smiled at this. “I’m not sure I know what you mean by that.”
Freddy began to poke in the dirt with a small stick. “People always think of destiny as being out there, down the road beyond the next rocks, or somewhere in the future. But it is right here where destiny is made.” He jabbed his stick into the ground firmly.
“So how does that pertain to me?”
“You said it yourself. Whatever you are looking for will find you soon enough.”
I thought about this. “You’re quite the philosopher, Freddy.”
He smiled. “What is that, a philosopher?”
“Well, it’s a person who…er, never mind.” I wasn’t sure how to explain it to him. In that moment I wasn’t quite sure myself just what a philosopher was.
Freddy began drawing circles in the dirt. I held a couple of rocks in my hand and fingered their smoothness, flipping them from one side to the other. “Freddy, do you think it is possible that someone could create an entire world like this?”
“You mean one person?”
“Yes.”
“You mean like Thunderwalker?”
“Yes.”
Without flinching he said, “Senora Annie, anything is possible.” He poked in the dirt some more, and then said, “Even you could.”
“Me? I could create a world like this?”
“Sure you could. So could I. Even Willie. Any of us could if we were strong enough. We have the power. But it sleeps inside us like your power has been sleeping in you. Someday that power must awaken in all of us.”
“Are you saying that I might have created this world we are in?”
“Si. It is possible.”
I laughed, not quite comprehending. “If that’s true, then where do you fit in?”
“No se’. Who knows? Maybe we are part of each other’s imagination.” He laughed.
“You mean like maybe we are both dreaming all of this?”
We both laughed and became silent for several moments. I wasn’t sure how much of what Freddy had said he regarded as serious. I remembered that he had seemed a little bit loco at first. Now he seemed not so much crazy as eccentric perhaps. I tried to imagine his situation. In his mind he had been here for years, wandering around, looking for a way out, somehow surviving. And yet he had been here only a little longer than I had. He had aged; I hadn’t. I shook my head. One could go crazy contemplating things like this. There was no understanding this paradox. There was no time here. If time did not exist…then perhaps anything was possible, as Freddy said.
Images of my vision came back to me. All the events of that time as a little girl fell into place and made sense to me now. All the emotions I had felt had been tucked away for so long and then released. I had seen something inside me that had emerged when I had needed it, something beyond my control. I had been five years old when this happened, an age in which I could not have been capable of controlling a power like this. And now? Now perhaps it was not beyond my control. Like my reactions to what happened, it also had been tucked away, only to return now, but in what form? Now that I had seen a glimpse of it I wanted to understand all of it. 
I had witnessed its effect on Willie. “Freddy,” I said at length, “What did you see earlier, that frightened you?”
Freddy’s expression looked graver than it had before. He looked back toward the cave. “It is that,” he said. 
“Diablo?” I replied, “But you have already faced Diablo, more than once.”
“Si. But to be killed by that beast chills my blood.”
I looked out toward the direction of the cave, and felt my own blood run cold at the thought. “I know what you mean.”
“It may be, Senora Annie, that we will have to kill Diablo before we can escape this place.”
I thought about this and agreed with him. “If it comes to that, Freddy, then we will do it. We will try, anyway. But it is possible we may find another way out of here through the canyon.”
“Si…”
“Diablo doesn’t seem to want to cross the river, so it seems likely that we won’t have to worry about it following us when we’re traveling. I think we’ll be safer if we stay by the water.”
“Si…”
“Are you okay, Freddy?”
For the first time since I’d met him his eyes seemed tired, so far away, and I began to be convinced that he really was as old as he looked. He nodded and stood. “I am ready to travel whenever you wish, Senora.”
#
24
Luis & Billy 
Better Than Columbo

Luis put the book down and stared somberly at the dying fire. Once again Billy got up to feed it. “This is much better than Columbo,” Billy said with a chuckle. Luis sniffed, “How would you know? You don’t have a TV.”
Billy shrugged. “No I don’t. But Ben down the road does. Sometimes he lets me come over and watch. I know about Columbo and Matlock. They like to solve mysteries. So do I. I probably should’ve been a detective.”
“Or a lawyer.”
They both laughed aloud. When the laughter died down, Luis said, “I could have been a lawyer. I wanted to be.”
“Well why didn’t you?”
Luis poured some more whiskey and swirled the liquid in his glass before answering. “I don’t remember why,” he said, “I could have made much more money at it. Back then I still wanted to do something to help others.”
“Lawyers help others; they also help themselves.” Billy laughed at his own joke. Luis smiled. “I know. That’s not what I mean.”
“A teacher likes to teach because a teacher has something to teach,” Billy said.
Luis frowned. “What on earth do you mean by that?”
“You’re a teacher because there is a voice in you that needs to pass on your knowledge to the next generation. It is the way it always is, whether one is an Indian or a white man or a Mexican. In that way we are all the same. I am glad you became a teacher; it is good to be a teacher.”
Luis swallowed with emotion at hearing these words. He had never heard his father compliment him before. “Thank you,” he said.
Billy waved his hand and made a pursing sound with his lips. “Thank you, thank you. Why don’t you take a bow? Why do you need to say thank you?”
“It’s just a polite expression, Pop.”
“What’s the point of being polite? If I tell someone I am glad to see them, they don’t need to say thank you. Why would they need to?”
“It’s simply a courtesy of the modern world…”
“Courtesy?…” Billy laughed. “It is one thing to make sure that two men are not talking at the same time, for then neither one says anything useful or gets anything done. But for someone to bow and say thank you does not mean anything.”
“Sure it does. If someone receives a gift, they say thank you because they are glad to receive the gift.”
“Why don’t they just say ‘I’m glad to receive this gift?’ Why do they have to say anything else?”
“What if they don’t like the gift? It’s considered polite to say thank you.”
Billy laughed and poured some whiskey. “If they don’t like the gift then they should bargain for something better. That is the way our fathers did it.” 
“Times have changed, Pop.”
Billy nodded as he stared into the fire. “I know. Nothing is the same anymore. Sometimes I don’t know if that’s good or bad.”
Luis rubbed the leather cover of the journal with his thumb. “I don’t know either,” he said. “But we can’t stop things from changing. If we do it will kill us.”
“Yes,” Billy said, “That is the great lesson our people have had to learn.”
“Not just our people; all Indians have had to go through this.”
Billy nodded. The whiskey was suddenly making him feel sad. He re-lit his pipe. “I like this woman Annie,” he said.
“So did I,” Luis said, “I might have married her if things had turned out different.”
“She would not have made a good wife,” Billy said.
“Why do you say that?” Luis responded angrily.
“Because she was very powerful; you would have been at her mercy.”
“I don’t agree,” Luis said stiffly.
“Look what happened in the story. Did you know about any of this when you knew her?”
Luis took a drink and shook his head. “I knew nothing of any…power of hers. She apparently didn’t either.”
“Well, you can’t hide power like that for long. She would’ve made a good singer.”
Luis shrugged. “But she wasn’t Navajo.”
“Nobody’s perfect,” Billy said. He clapped Luis on the shoulder and chuckled. “Don’t worry about it; it isn’t good to have a wife like that. With the shape people are in,  she would have to be out there everyday healing everybody; she wouldn’t have any time to cook or clean for you.”
Luis was silent; Billy puffed his pipe. “Besides, that was then; right now is right now, and you can’t change that.” He leaned back and stared at the snow collecting on the window glass. “Read some more of the story to me.”  
#

25
Annie
The Dark Walkers

Once we began to move again, we made swift progress and put good distance between us and the creature. Having the water nearby was comforting to all of us, and we stayed along the river as much as possible. As I walked, my eyes continually gazed upward to the ledge of the high sheer wall on my right. I could not see beyond the distant ledge. If Freddy was right, and beyond that high ridge was the path out of this world, then somehow we must get to that ridge, avoiding the creature. For the moment, staying our present course seemed the most expedient thing to do. We have not yet reached a point of no return, I thought hopefully. But as I stared out at the landscape ahead of me, I realized that this was a halfhearted thought. How could I know that for sure?
As we blazed our trail along the rough terrain and fell into the same dreary rhythm as we had in the other place, the thought kept nagging me that we might simply travel in circles again, only to be indirectly herded back to the lair of the Tchindi. If that happened, I pondered anxiously, then our situation would be truly desperate. It would be, as Freddy had put it, like the spider and the fly.
Willie was quiet for the duration of our long trek. When we stopped to rest, which was often, he said little, only sitting off by himself while Freddy and I drank from the river. I became concerned about him, but I didn’t know what to tell him. 
After what felt like hours, I was feeling so tired from the journey that I wanted to sleep. In truth I could not tell how far we had come. I looked up again at the high walls, which had not changed much. On both sides the cliffs were sheer, at many points completely vertical, even sloping inward at various places (Name for this?) There were many dark shadows in the distant rocks that looked like caves, though it was impossible to tell from here how deep they were, even with the binoculars. Many of them looked to be false caves, mere impressions carved into the rock face over eons of time. 
I lay down, suddenly feeling exhaustion. Freddy came over and sat down. “I am feeling very tired,” he said.
“Me too,” I said, “I am really pooped.”
Freddy laughed. “Pooped? What is pooped?”
I laughed. “It means really really tired.”
“I don’t think I ever felt this tired before,” he said.
“I have,” I said, “I can’t think of the number of all-nighters I pulled at school and felt just like this the next day. So tired I was totally useless!”
Freddy nodded. He tried to smile, but I could see it was a huge effort for him. I felt the same way. Freddy lay down and closed his eyes, and seemed to be out in a flash. I wanted to close my eyes too, but I was suddenly very thirsty, and I felt I had little strength to move. “Freddy,” I said, “Could you please get me some water? I need a drink…” I looked over at him, and suddenly wasn’t sure if he heard me, or even that I had said those words. I saw Willie looking at me with deep concern. He came running over and grabbed my arms. “Annie!” he yelled, “Don’t go to sleep! Annie! Do you hear me?”  He began shaking me, and slapping my face. It brought me back, and I realized I had been on the verge of passing out. “Willie! What’s going on? I feel so weak, and…”
“The water, Annie! It’s the water from the river! It’s no good! Do you hear me? It’s doing something to you!”
“The water?…” I said dizzily.
“You and Freddy have been drinking from the river,” Willie said, “The water’s doing something to you, making you sleepy. You gotta wake up!”
I sat up, feeling more awake now, but I was still feeling in a dreamy state. I stood up but it felt like I was still sitting down. Willie was now shaking Freddy and calling his name. Freddy was coming around slowly. I looked around me in a kind of daze at the surroundings, and then suddenly something froze in me, jarring me back into a more sober condition. I heard a sound, not far away.
The sound was so foreign to me that I was unable to focus my attention on anything else. It sounded like breathing, but a breath so irregular in its rhythm that whatever it was might have been suffering from asthma. At first the sound was faint, but now I could hear it clearly, and the closer it came the more loathsome it sounded. The raspy sounds sent shivers up my back. “Willie,” I said, “Do you hear that?”  I looked at him, and I saw that he did. He was looking back toward the way we had come. “It’s coming from behind us,” he said. “Sounds like a dyin’ animal or somethin’. What do you think it is?”
“I don’t know. I’d rather not find out.”
“It’s coming this way, Annie.”
“Let’s get out of here!” I helped Willie stand Freddy up on his feet, and though he was very wobbly he managed to walk with us supporting him. He moved like he was drugged, and I was not much better. I recalled that he had drunk more of the water than I had. Willie had not drunk any since we had left the place where we had crossed the river. I was forcing myself to shake off the effects. Fear coursed through me, and I could hear quite clearly the pounding of my heart; it was sobering.
I looked back several times to see what was following us. Willie said, “Whatever it is, there’s more of ‘em around. Something’s up just ahead of us. I can’t see it, but I can hear it.”
We were passing through a grove of juniper trees that blocked our view of whatever lay ahead. I felt my heartbeat racing as I now tuned in to many of the same sounds. Whatever they were, they seemed to be all around us.  
Freddy was more awake now and was able to walk on his own. I kept an arm around him for support. Willie kept his hands free and ready for a fight. 
I heard sounds like scraping footsteps approaching, but it was difficult to determine which direction they came from. Then Willie pointed to our right. “Look!”  Off in the near distance, about one hundred feet away, a large man approached, walking awkwardly. He was dressed in strange looking garb that I could not identify, but it was similar to those clothes I had seen on the men in the cave. I shuddered as he came closer, walking with a determined steady limp toward us. His eyes were blank and his skin sickly grayish white, as if there were not one drop of blood in his body. His mouth was grotesquely larger than it should have been, and he appeared to be having difficulty breathing through it, which seemed to slow his movement toward us. Nevertheless, in spite of this I could see that he would soon overtake us if we did not change our direction. Willie picked up a large stick for a weapon. 
Just then another one appeared from the direction of the river, startling all of us. His clothes were ancient, but radically different than the other. He looked almost Hopi, with long shoulder length hair, and a broad banded tattered scarf around his head. But his young looking face was just as blank and gray as the other, and now up close, he looked twice as dangerous. Willie stared blankly back at the strange youth in bewilderment at the odd sight.
The youth came closer, his large mouth open and emitting the same pained breathing sounds we were hearing all around us, and when he was a few feet from us, I pulled Freddy to the right to avoid him. Immediately the youth grabbed Willie and the two began to grapple. I yelled aloud in surprise as Willie fought with him. At first Willie seemed overpowered and unsure what action to take. Then the youth summoned enough strength to throw Willie to the ground and sit on top of him. He brought his face closer to Willie, and in terror I watched the youth’s mouth grow into an enormous size, as if it wanted to swallow Willie’s face whole. Willie yelled and beat the creature with the stick he held. He beat him savagely, again and again. The skin on the youth’s face broke, but no blood flowed. Finally a portion of his skull caved in and he fell down, enabling Willie to crawl out from under him. Willie backed away with a horrified look and jumped to his feet. 
Meanwhile, the large one was about to overtake us. I tried to steer Freddy out of the way, but Freddy was not moving fast enough, and the large one grabbed me. I screamed “Willie!” and began fighting back as best I could. Its mouth began to expand as the other’s had. Willie ran to my defense, tackling the big one as hard as he could. The two of them went over, and rolled over the ground. The large one got on top of Willie and held him by the throat. As he brought his mouth closer to Willie, I now picked up a rock and brought it down on the man’s head as hard as I could. The man uttered an awful, breathy sound that I cannot describe adequately, and again I brought the rock down on his head. This blow weakened him sufficiently for Willie to throw him off. 
Now the other one was up again and weakly approaching us. And there were more on the way. Suddenly there were a dozen of them within sight; from all directions they came. Freddy now was awake once again and perceived the danger we were in. “Santa Maria!” he said, crossing himself, “Dark Walkers!”
The youth was making his way toward us again, as if the blows had not slowed him down in the least. We backed away as the large one also rose up and began to approach. Willie stood in front of us preparing to fight them both, but then a bizarre thing happened. Instead of both of them attacking us, the large one attacked the smaller one, taking him in his hands and swelling its enormous mouth over the man’s face in a ghastly kind of kiss. As we backed away as quickly as we could, transfixed by the sight under the circumstances, we saw the body of the youth become thinner until finally it seemed to turn into dried flesh and dust, crumbling in the hands of the other Walker. “Oh God!” I said, “It's like he just sucked the life out of him!”
The large one turned toward us. Willie said. “You two make a run for it. I’ll try to hold him off.”
“No!” I said, “We’ve all got to fight him.”
“The others are coming!” Willie said,  “There’s not enough time; They’ll all be on us soon. Get out of here!”
“The river!” Freddy said, “We’ve got to get back to the river!”
“Why?” I said, “That water is dangerous!”
“It’s our only chance! Come on!”
Freddy began the way and we followed, Willie bringing up the rear. As we hastened toward the water, other Walkers appeared, and they all began to approach us, many of them bumping into each other almost blindly, groping for each other in a bizarre cannibalistic frenzy that so sickened me I had to look away. They were literally feeding on each other, the larger ones attacking the smaller, weaker ones, preying on them until there was nothing more to suck out of them. Others staggered along, following us as if unaware of the strange carnage happening around them.
We reached the river and followed Freddy into the middle, just as several of the following creatures reached the waterside also. As Freddy had predicted, they went no further. They seemed to shun the water as the Tchindi did. For the moment I was grateful, but inside I shuddered. If the water was dangerous to drink, I wondered what further harm it might do us by being submersed in it.
We moved up river, staying in the middle of the current, which sometimes was deep enough to swim or float in. As we drifted downriver I looked back at the Dark Walkers, and they seemed to lose scent of our trail while we remained in the water. Apparently, for the time being, we were safe.
But we could not stay in the water indefinitely. 
#

26
Annie
Return of the Dark Walkers

Twilight came quickly after that. Deep in the canyon the night was darker than it had been up on top. We floated a good distance upriver before we decided to chance removing ourselves from the water. Darkness had fallen by then. 
I never dreaded the dark more than I did that night. We were all cold and tired, and argued about whether we should attempt to light a fire or not. In the end we decided to take the risk. We were all much too cold to go without. The deciding factor was that the presence of fire might keep the Dark Walkers away. Since they had found us easily enough without fire, we saw little harm in it, providing we remained close to the water. Freddy set about the task while Willie and I searched the area for Walkers and gathered some firewood along the way. I stayed close to Willie. I was too frightened to venture very far on my own. The presence of the Dark Walkers had shaken me. The threat of the Tchindi was now replaced by a new danger. Every noise I heard, whether real or imagined, sounded to me like raspy breathing by some dreaded creature. 
Willie (my brave friend Willie!) seemed more nervous than usual; but then we were all jumpy. Still, he walked with a confidence I had not seen before. The ever-present danger had made him more alert. I felt safe being around him. 
As we gathered wood I said, “I keep getting this feeling that one of them is going to jump out at me.”
Willie nodded. “I know what you mean.”
“You think there are more of them around here? I mean, maybe they’re all…back there?”
Willie shined his light around, observing carefully. He shrugged. “Your guess is as good as mine, Annie. But I’ll tell you what I think. I think there are lots more of them around, and I don’t think we’re gonna get much sleep tonight.”
He looked at me when he said this, and in that moment he was no longer the same Willie I had met on the road when my Jeep had a flat tire. I admired the man he had become. But now I felt myself trembling. I thought something was wrong with me, and thought the water was having an effect on me. But then I realized that what I was feeling was fear, pure raw fear. The real terror of this land was making itself known to me, and I suddenly felt my whole body quake. I felt close to the brink of collapse, and I began to cry.
Willie came closer and put his arms around me. “Here now, Annie, you okay?”
I nodded. He tightened his arms around me and I sank into his embrace, letting my head rest against his chest. In this moment it felt so good to enjoy this solace and safety, even if it was temporary. I sniffed back my tears and looked into Willie’s eyes. “You saved my life, Willie,” I said tearfully.
He smiled. “It seems only fair, Annie. You saved mine too.”
“That’s right.” I laughed. “I guess we’re even.”
We both laughed, and when the laugh gave way to tired sighs we looked deep into each other’s eyes, and we both knew what was coming next. I didn’t care. I reached out and drew his face toward mine and kissed him on the lips, full and hungrily. At first he hesitated, and I felt his lips quivering, but then they relaxed and he drew me in closer to him and our bodies melded comfortably together.  Only a few moments passed. Our lips parted and we looked at each other again, and I wished we could have continued all night. But at the same time I knew it was not to be. I think we both knew this. He reached out and gently caressed my cheek. He smiled bashfully, and I said kidding, “I hope you’re not going to tell me I’m the first woman you’ve ever kissed?”
He laughed and shook his head. “Nope. Truth is, you’re about the tenth.”
I laughed, and he said, “I been kissin’ girls all my life, ever since grade school.” He smirked and took a step back. “But this is the first one that ever felt good.”
We both laughed together. Then suddenly the expression in his eyes looked past me and turned serious, and I was momentarily afraid to turn around. “Willie, what is it?” 
“Lookit that, Annie. I see a light!”
“What?” I looked around, and off in the distance there was indeed a pinpoint of light. “Willie! You’re right! Oh my God!”
“Might be a camp fire.”
“Yes. How far away do you think?”
He shook his head. “Hard to say in the dark. A long way. Too far to get to in the dark.”
“Maybe we won’t find it in the daylight.”
Willie looked at me and nodded. “You really want to go out there with all those Dark Walkers around?”
My stomach felt queasy at this. “No,” I admitted. I went up to him again and put my arms around him. He responded warmly by returning the gesture. “For the moment I’d rather stay right here,” I said, resting my head against his chest again.
We stayed there for a while longer, until it seemed that we should get back to Freddy. Neither of us wanted to leave him alone too long, nor wanted to stay out here in the dark, knowing what was nearby. In the near distance we could now see the flames of Freddy’s fire and we made our way toward it, each with an armload of juniper branches. Freddy smiled as we approached. “Hola! Come into the circle. Come and sit! Dry yourselves by the fire!”
Freddy had arranged many rocks in a rather large circle around the fire. We sat down gratefully and told Freddy about the light we had seen. He listened thoughtfully, fingering his chin, and when we finished he said, “Well…one thing’s for sure. We haven’t run into anybody normal down here yet. Still, if it is a fire, it is a good sign. It is somebody human.  But they could be dangerous.”
“It’s a risk,” I said, “as much as anything else here.”
Freddy nodded. “Si. But I do not think it is wise to look for them in the dark. They are a long way off. We might get lost. They might have weapons. They might think we are enemies.”
“We might run into more Dark Walkers,” I said.
“We might lose sight of ‘em if we wait for daylight,” Willie said.
Freddy nodded again. “Perhaps, my friend. But why is it so important to see who it is right away? I think caution is our best friend at the moment. What if they are not friendly? They could be bad men.”
I sucked in a breath. “You don’t suppose it’s Johnny Bear Slayer?”
Freddy shrugged. “It is possible. I do not put anything past Johnny. He is capable of many things.”
“Do you think he would intentionally come this way, knowing what is here?”
Freddy laughed. “Johnny? Santa Maria! Of course! He is a brujo! He is also a thief, and a very dangerous man! But he is also an explorer. If there is the possibility of finding treasure, he will be here. This I have thought since we first came here. It may or may not be him over there. But even if it is not, I think it is only a matter of time before they do find their way here.”
“How do you know that?” Willie said.
Freddy shrugged again. “We found a way in here. They will too.”
“Unless they have found a way out,” I said.
He nodded. “Si…if,” He shrugged. “But I do not think we have seen the last of them.”
I said, “Well I’m all for finding out whose fire that is.”
“And if it is them?” Freddy said.
“I don’t know. Then we get as far away from them as possible.”
“There is another possibility, of course,” Freddy said.
“What’s that?”
“The light we are seeing may not be what we think it is.”
“What?” I grinned. “You think it is not real?”
Freddy shrugged. “No. I mean only that in this place it may not be what we think it is. It may be a fire. It may be something…strange...misterioso...”
It suddenly seemed odd to me that I would not have considered this here. The scientist in me said that because there was a light out there, that it had to be firelight, or electric light. “What other kind of light could it be?” I asked.
“There are fireflies,” Willie said, “They have a natural light. Maybe it’s some kind of weird firefly.”
I did not relish the idea of meeting up with a huge firefly. “God, I hope not,” I said. “Could the Dark Walkers be making the light?”
Freddy shook his head. “I do not think so. The Dark Walkers are the walking dead. They see without eyes and feel no cold or heat. They have no need for fire. It is also said they are afraid of its light. This is why I think we are safe here for now.”
“But they attacked us in the daylight,” I said.
“It is not the daylight they are afraid of but the light of the fire,” Freddy said. 
I said, “That seems natural. All creatures fear fire.”
“Even the earth uses fire when it needs to clean itself,” Freddy said.
A few minutes of silence passed as we somberly gazed into the flames. At length I said, “I want to know more about the Dark Walkers.” 
“They carry sickness with them,” Willie replied with a note of disgust, “and they will make anyone sick who comes into contact with them. We have all been infected by them. There’s no telling what might happen to us.”
“What do you think is going to happen to us, Willie?” I said, amused at this. I winked at him and he smiled back, saying, “The Dine’ say that a shaman singer must do a chant over somebody who has become infected, or that person might die.” 
I spread my hands over the warmth of the fire. Next to Willie’s kiss it was the only thing in this cursed land that felt good to me. “I’ll be honest with you guys,” I said, “Sometimes I’m not so sure I’m not dead already. What could be worse than battling a group of those creatures or that giant out there?”
“You don’t think any of this is real?” Willie said.
“Sure it’s real,” I said, “But it’s a strange bizarre real, completely different from any reality I’ve ever seen.”
Willie nodded. Freddy did not, but he smiled. “So let’s forget about shamans and their traditional ways,” I said, “at least until we get back, because out here they don’t apply. It’s going to take more than a medicine singer to get us out of this one.”
Freddy shrugged. “Maybe. Maybe not. If there is one thing that life tells us it is that we never know what is going to come next, especially when we think we do.”
“I’ll go along with that,” I said, “But what about the Dark Walkers? Why are they here? Why weren’t they in the other place?”
Freddy shrugged with a laugh. “Senora Annie, you may as well ask why some people live in Mexico, and why some live in America. You won’t get one answer. And you may not get an answer that pleases you.”
I accepted that reply. “They attacked each other,” I said, recalling the grizzly scene, “Like cannibals.”
“Si, a very strange sight. I do not understand this,” Freddy said,  “The Dark Walkers are the spirits of the dead. In the Navajo world they are evil spirits who have become infected by other evil spirits.”
“In the Christian world they would be lost souls who do not know where to go after death,” I said,  “Perhaps in the Christian world this place would be like Purgatory.”
“Purgatory! Si!” Freddy said, “I know Purgatory from my Catholic childhood in Mexico.”
“What’s Purgatory?” Willie asked.
“It’s the place between Heaven and Hell,” I said, “ where the spirits go after they die. If they’re not ready to enter Heaven, and they’re not bad enough to go to Hell, then they go to Purgatory.”
“Well what happens when they get there?”
“I don’t know,” I said, “I guess they wait until they can get into Heaven.”
“Heaven? This is a good place?”
“Yes. Like a Navajo entering into the next world.”
“Then what happens when they get into heaven?” Willie asked, “Do they find some land and raise sheep?”
I laughed aloud at this. Willie laughed along, though he obviously didn’t know what I found so funny. “Willie,” I said, “if I was St Peter and if it was up to me, that’s just what I’d tell people coming to the pearly gates: ‘Go out and get some land and start raising sheep!’” I laughed again and Freddy joined in. Willie smiled, but I could tell he was confused.  I said, “That’s a question many people have been asking since the beginning of time.”
“If you ask me,” Freddy said, “They will do just what we are doing now, walking around in circles looking for the way out.”
We all laughed at this, albeit uneasily. Willie said, “How do the spirits get out of Purgatory to get to Heaven?”
I bit my lip contemplatively. “I don’t exactly know, Willie.”
“Somebody has to escort you, Jesus or Moses or somebody important,” Freddy said. “If you are Dine’ you cannot go into the next world without the guidance of a powerful singer or the spirits of your ancestors. It is the same with the Christians.” Willie nodded at this. 
We were all quiet for a few minutes, content to stare at the fire and listen to the easy crackling of the burning juniper wood. But each of us occasionally glanced out into the night, listening for other sounds less comforting, looking uneasily for signs of approaching dark shapes. They were out there somewhere, closer than I cared to imagine. That they had not shown up yet did not make me feel better. I felt it was only a matter of time. At length I said,  “What do we do about them?”
Freddy and Willie looked at me, then at each other.  “For now,” Freddy said, “We must be very careful. We will keep a lookout. I will take the first watch.”
“No. I’ll take the first one,” Willie insisted. “You were pretty tired before. You both need some rest. I’ll keep a good lookout. Don’t you worry about that.” He put his hand on my knee. “You can sleep in if you want, Annie,” he said smiling.
“Thanks, but I insist on keeping watch after you. We can all use some rest.” 
I set up my pack to use as a pillow and curled up as comfortably as I could. By now I was so used to sleeping on any kind of surface I dropped off to sleep instantly, but my sleep was disturbed. I drifted in and out. I dreamed but no images stayed with me, except one, an image of a young man, handsome, dark, and brooding. As I looked closer at him his face began to change, looking less handsome and more like Johnny Bear Slayer. The eyes seemed to remain the same; they stared coldly at me.
I was awakened by the sound of scuffling. I opened my eyes and saw several figures staring at me. I screamed aloud and bolted upright. 
Dark Walkers were all around us!
#

27
Annie
Willie Oversleeps

My scream awakened Freddy and Willie, who had been asleep. We all jumped to our feet in alarm.
There were about twenty Dark Walkers around the circle Freddy had drawn in the dirt. 
“Santa Maria!” Freddy exclaimed angrily, “What happened, Willie?”
“I don’t know!” Willie said, “I was wide awake, keeping watch. I wasn’t tired at all. Suddenly I was out. I don’t know what happened!”
“Never mind how it happened!” I said, “What are we going to do?”
Fortunately, Freddy had drawn a large circle around us. We had some room to move, and astonishingly, the creatures were kept at bay. A couple of them were standing perfectly still, toe to toe with the circle’s edge, but came no further, their black soulless eyes staring blankly. Others were blindly meandering. They were all shapes and sizes, men and women, but mostly men. They seemed to be oblivious to one another for the most part, until one bumped into another, and then a struggle ensued with the stronger one winning out. One such struggle had awakened me in time to see one walker collapse and disintegrate at the hands of another. I wanted to be sick but I held the feeling back.
“Freddy,” I said, “How long will this circle keep them out?”
Freddy eyed the Walkers all around us and shook his head. “I don’t know, Annie.” 
“What if one of them decides to take a chance and break through?”
“My guess is the others’ll come too,” Willie said.
“We cannot stay here,” Freddy said, “There are more on the way. Look!”
Out past the perimeter of Walkers around our circle moved the silhouettes of others homing in slowly one by one. In minutes there might well be double the number of Walkers surrounding the circle. There was no way to know how many were out there, but there were already too many here.
“We have to get out of here now!” I said, “If we wait too much longer we won’t be able to break through the wall of them.”
We were close to the river’s edge, only a few feet away. A running jump would land each of us in the water, if it were not for the presence of a few Walkers standing in the way. As if reading our thoughts, more of them came and lined the circle, with some of them abreast between the water and us. 
“Well that’s just great!” Willie said, “We can’t get through now.”
We watched dismally as more of them came into the area, most of them lining the circle, some of them crowding each other for space. In spite of my fear I stepped closer to look at one in particular, a tall man with long braided hair. His blackened eyes, looking almost hollow, as dispassionate and ruthless as a reptile, stared through me as if I wasn’t there, and yet I sensed he was as aware of my presence as a snake is of its surroundings. The skin of his face was ashen gray in color and looked like cracked dried leather. His sinewy arms appeared shrunken down to mere bone and tendon as if there were no more muscle left. His body looked impossibly gaunt and his joints hugely swollen by comparison. His physical impoverishment so fascinated me that I wanted to reach out and touch his skin to feel its texture. 
“We can try,” Freddy said. “I’m willing to try.”
“I don’t like the idea,” I said, “We can’t break through that many of them.”
“We don’t know that,” Freddy said.
“I don’t think we got much choice,” Willie said, “It’s only a matter of time before they bust through this circle… No offense, Freddy… but I don’t think it’s gonna hold.”
Freddy shrugged. “Besides,” Willie said, “We can’t stay here forever. If you ask me they ain’t goin’ away anytime soon.” He hefted his canteen and said, “You know, this canteen’s pretty full, and it’ Maybe we can use it as a weapon.” He swung it around. 
His statement gave me a revelation. “Willie, that’s it!”
“What’s it?”
“The canteens!” I said, “There is water in the canteens! They don’t like the water!” 
I took my canteen and opened it. “Let’s see if I’m right.” I went up close to the edge of the circle and faced the man I had examined moments ago. Just looking into his eyes even for a moment gave me chills down my back. I poured some water into my left hand, brought it up close to him and quickly threw the water at his face. It splattered all over his mouth. His face registered no surprise at all; his eyes did not blink or move in any way. But his mouth opened slightly, betraying some element of disruption. His skin began to liquefy and immediately shrivel wherever the water hit. He jerked away in a kind of delayed reaction, and I threw some more water on him. He backed further away from me, and now his face began to register a tightness that I interpreted as pain. “It works!” I said. Willie and Freddy got their canteens, and we made sure we each had an equal amount. “Let’s go,” I said, “while we’ve got surprise on our side.”
“How should we do this?” Willie said, “Just go charging through?”
“No,” Freddy said, “All of us together. Annie in the middle. Willie on one side and me on the other.”
“Like a Roman Phalanx,” I said.
“A what?” Willie asked.
“Never mind,” I said, “Let’s go. It’s now or never.”
I poured some water in my hand and threw it into the face of the nearest Walker, another man; he backed away. Willie and Freddy did the same, sprinkling water on the two adjacent to him, a man and a woman. They also backed away. “It’s working!” I said. “Keep going!” We all stepped out of the circle. There was no going back now. Immediately the circle closed around us. Willie and Freddy had to watch their backs as well as the side. 
There was only one man between the water and me. I hurled a stream of water at him, which emptied my canteen. He fell only partially out of the way and stood his ground. A brief moment of fear paralyzed me as he began to close in again. “We can’t hold them!” Freddy said. I took a deep breath and heard myself yelling aloud as I charged at the man and broke past him, pushing him out of the way, and I dove head first into the water. When I came up I saw Freddy following right behind me. Willie went to charge also, but then one of the Walkers moved in front of Willie’s legs in an awkward blocking motion! “Oh God,” I said, completely surprised at this move. Willie tripped and went down right at the water’s edge. His hands clawed the sand as he tried to pull himself in, but he was locked fast by the man who held him by the legs. Willie screamed as he tried to escape the man’s strong grip. Slowly the others moved toward him, their strange shaped mouths growing wider.
I scooped up water with both hands. Freddy did the same. We both hurled the volume of water against the Walker’s face at the same time, completely covering his face. The skin immediately began to disintegrate. He let go of Willie and brought his hands dumbly up to his face, as if comprehending only remotely what was happening to it. Freddy and I grabbed Willie’s arms and dragged him into the water. Many of the others attacked the one Walker whose face was now completely gone. Others lined the shore of the bank, staying clear of the water. 
It had worked. “Come on,” I said, “Let’s get out of here.”
We made our way down the middle of the river, walking chest deep at times. I looked back through the darkness, and could still see a glimpse of several figures “watching” us (if I may call it that) from the river’s edge in the distance. Beyond them, enshrouded in the blackness of the terrain were countless others, wandering to what purpose I could not possibly fathom.
We pressed on, albeit slowly, constantly scanning the shore for signs of other Walkers. At first there were several, but as we went further, their numbers dwindled visibly, until it seemed we were quite alone once again in this bizarre wilderness. When the daylight finally returned we were still in the water, and even though we had seen no Walkers for hours I was not convinced that they were no longer around. They were simply hiding somewhere. Perhaps over by the opposite canyon wall which now lay about a mile distant. Between the walls was a more barren landscape than that which we had come from downstream, with more open space, rocks, and fewer juniper trees.
Freddy made his way over to the shore and we followed him. We sat on the shore, tired, shivering, even though it did not seem cold here. My shivering, I reasoned, was due more to physical tension and stress, and heightened awareness rendering my senses extraordinarily alert. And yet I felt tired, drained of energy. I felt I could sleep for days on end if I had the chance. Judging from the sight of Willie and Freddy they felt the same way. We all looked worn. I had not seen a mirror in so long I had all but forgotten my own image, and now I was becoming convinced that I must look as old and dog-eared as Freddy.
We sat there in silence, each of us listless, staring mutely off to space or down at the ground. We were, I think, each off in our own worlds for a long time, each oblivious of the other two, wishing perhaps that we were anywhere but here in this accursed place. I began to wonder if there was ever a time when I wasn’t wandering around here. Could it have been so long?
Willie spoke finally. “I think we should build a fire and get dry.” His voice sounded almost destitute.
“Why?” Freddy said, “We’ll only have to get back in the water when the Walkers come.”
“You think they will come?” I asked.
He did not look at me, but only stared out at the far wall. “They will come.”
I hugged my knees and shivered. “Maybe they won’t this time. Maybe we are past them.”
Freddy managed a smile. “Senora, I would love to believe that.”
“Goddamit Freddy!” I said in sudden anger, “Sometimes you seem to know a lot about what’s happening here and sometimes you don’t seem to know any more than I do.”
Freddy shrugged patiently. “Senora Annie, You are the anthropologist, not me. You are the one…”
“Screw the anthropologist crap! You’ve been here before! You said so! You’ve been here with Johnny Bear Slayer.”
“Si, but other places, not here.”
“Well, what about these Dark Walkers? What are they doing here?”
“They are lost souls. They have either died violently or without ceremony. They wander because they have no place to rest.”
“Why do they feed on each other like that if they’re dead?”
“They do not know they are dead. They still want to be alive.”
“Alive?” I said in disbelief. What about us? Were we still alive? “What happens to the ones who get…caught by them, and those who get caught by the Tchindi? Do they go somewhere else?”
Freddy shook his head. “I do not know. Perhaps the ones who got caught are the lucky ones. They have been freed to go into the next world.”
“Or sent to a worse one,” I grumbled. I grabbed a handful of sand and squeezed it. In spite of my anger, and my desire to yell at Freddy and vent my frustration, I decided that his simple explanations were probably the most plausible. For thousands of years, man has wondered what happens to souls when people die. Perhaps we were witnessing first hand one of the possibilities. Maybe this was bizarre proof that all religions are correct, that what one believes in life manifests afterwards in the afterlife. Perhaps what we fear holds more potential to attract than what we long for. I suddenly wondered if more white people believed in a demonic intervention in their lives than in a godly one. Perhaps for those who worship a devil during their lives, that is whom they meet when they die. For Indians who believed in ascending levels of worlds it followed that there must be a place between those levels…
I leaned my head on my knees and tried to think clearly. “So what are our choices here?” I said, thinking aloud.
Willie was eyeing the cliffs. “Maybe we can climb out of here.”
Freddy laughed. “Maybe you can, amigo, but not me.”
Willie shrugged. “We could go back.”
“Si. We know what is waiting for us back there. Pick your poison, my friend.”
“I don’t want to go back into that river,” I said, “Not if I can help it. I don’t like it. There’s something about it…”
“Well, we can stay here for a while, then move on along the river,” Freddy said, “We don’t have any other choice.”
I looked off to the near distance. “Look,” I said, “There is a high point over there, maybe two hundred yards away. Why don’t we hike to there and survey the area? We can get our bearings, and if there are any Walkers in the area we should be able to see them.”
We all agreed to this, wanting to stay out of the water for a while. We gathered our gear and began a cautious trek toward the rocky summit just ahead, walking quietly and keeping a watchful eye for Walkers. Only the strange muffled sounds of our boots crunching on the rocky soil disturbed the thick stillness hanging in the air. Freddy and Willie glanced nervously left and right. I kept my focus mainly on the rocky summit, but occasionally I looked up to the sky as I had done so many times in this land, curiously regarding the neutral white cloudy layer in the atmosphere. My glance also cast downward, to the terrain surrounding my feet as I walked, where I saw only the faintest hint of a shadow under my feet, as if the hidden sun was perpetually at its highest point in the sky, a noon sun, if in fact the sun was here at all. Darkness and light here seemed to be due more to a memory than the movement of the sun through the sky.
We began to hike upward and scaled the small hill easily enough in a few minutes. As we neared the top we had an impressive view of the river and the terrain we had traversed, although we were too far away to see the canyon’s end where we had entered. We climbed a little further to the peak to see what lay ahead. When we reached the top I was surprised to see the river separate into two branches, one continuing along the left wall, the other cutting right across the land toward the opposite canyon wall, dividing the land. Midway it branched again, and a creek flowed out across the middle of what looked to be a valley, with lush green grass close to the water! “Oh my God,” I said, “Do you see that? It’s actually green!”
“It looks beautiful!” Freddy said. Willie grinned. I took out my binoculars and surveyed the area. “I don’t see any wildlife,” I said, “or any sign of activity. It looks just as dead over there as it does here.”
“Si, but maybe there are no Walkers there,” Freddy offered. 
“Let’s hope so,” Willie, said, “ ‘Cause we got some here. Look over there!” He pointed out toward the opposite canyon wall. At first I could see nothing out of the ordinary, but as my eyes adjusted to the terrain I began to see massive movement in several places, like looking at the ground and seeing a few ants, and then suddenly seeing dozens of them, and then hundreds, all in the same area. It seemed as if they were all converging on the hill. “Time to go.”  I said. 
We hurried down he hill as fast as we could and when we reached the bottom there looked to be abut a hundred Walkers coming up on the hill. We broke into a run toward the river ahead and were able to outrun them, but to our right some of the speedier Walkers were gaining, trying to cut us off.  Fortunately we were swifter and reached the river first. We plunged into the water and made our way to the other side. I pulled myself out gasping for air and turned around, half expecting to see Walkers venturing into the water. But they stopped at the water’s edge as they had upriver, dozens of them, with twice that many following, slowly and silently converging on the riverbank like a church congregation arriving for a service. Even though they were not pursuing, it was unnerving to see them all lined up at the edge, staring blankly at us, as if waiting for something to happen. We watched them uneasily as their numbers slowly increased; then in silence we pulled away from the water and walked briskly along the small creek, into this new land. 
#

28
Annie
 The New Land

We kept a hurried pace, constantly looking behind us to be certain we were not followed. We remained alert for more Walkers, but after an hour’s hike we saw none. We stopped to rest briefly. 
The gentle lapping of water from the creek was reassuring to me, though it did remind me uneasily of the creek in my dream. Willie and Freddy lay down. “I wonder if we’ll see any more of them,” Willie mulled.
Freddy chuckled. “We will if we go back that way, Amigo.” Willie smiled.
“We seem to have left them behind,” I said, “Perhaps that is their land and the river is their boundary.”
“Si, Annie. I hope you are right.”
“I reckon we’re safe here for the time being,” Willie said.
“Si…” Freddy grunted a laugh, “for the time being.” He closed his eyes.
Willie said, “Annie, you keep lookin’ back to the river. How come? You hear something?”
When he asked this I hadn’t realized I was doing this. I sat down and gave a short laugh. “No, I don’t hear anything. I was just looking back because…I’m curious about them.”
“The Walkers?”
“Yes. I want to know about them, but I don’t know that I could get close enough to observe them.”
“What? You mean like sit and watch them?”
“Yes. Something like that.”
“What for?”
“Well, because…it’s part of what I do, Willie, observe people, especially people who lived in the past, tribes who are no longer around. These people are a phenomenon.”
“A what?”
“A phenomenon! I’ve never seen anything like them! This whole place is incredibly unique! The Tchindi, as frightening as it is to me, fascinates me! I want to get close to it to study it…without getting eaten of course.”
Willie smiled. 
“Perhaps it’s hard for you to understand that,” I said. 
Willie shrugged. “I d’no…I guess I can understand it.”
“What about you, Willie? Is there anything that you like to study up close? Something that fascinates you?”
He smiled, and I detected what I could only describe as a blush. “Sure. You.” He laughed. 
I laughed too. “Besides me.”
He looked away, out at the distant canyon wall. “I like to explore the rocks,” he said, “I like caves.”
“Caves?”
He nodded. “I like the red ants. And rattlesnakes.”
“Really?…Why do you like them?”
He shrugged. “I like the way they move. I like the way the ants crawl all over each other but they never seem to get hurt. And when two of them are fighting, I wonder what they’re fighting about.”
“It’s territorial,” I said.
He looked at me skeptically. “Territorial? You mean land?”
I nodded. “Something like that.”
He looked away and shrugged. “Maybe. Anyway, I always wonder who started it.”
“Who started the fight between the ants?”
“Yeah. Who struck the first blow? And why? Is it like a couple of men when they get in a fight? One man argues with another. Then one man pushes the other. Next thing you know, they’re fighting. Did one ant push the other one first, or did they just come out swinging?”
I laughed.  “I never looked at it that way,” I said. “What about the rattlesnake?”
He smiled. “I like the way the rattlesnake moves and the way it curls up. And when it strikes, it’s fast.”
“Like lightning,” I agreed.
“Yeah.”
“You like that?” I was surprised to hear this.
He nodded. “Yeah. I like that.”
“If you could be an animal, Willie, what kind would you be? A rattlesnake?”
He laughed. “No, Annie, I wouldn’t want to be no rattlesnake.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t want to crawl on my belly.”
We both laughed, and I noticed Freddy smiling with closed eyes. “Besides,” Willie said, “It gets too hot for them in the day. They have to crawl under a rock to find shade. I don’t want to spend my day under a rock.” We laughed again.
“What would you be then? A wolf?”
“No. I like wolves, but they are always in danger of getting shot by ranchers. I would be a crow.”
“A crow…” I said. 
“Nobody cares about crows,” he continued. “They’re safe and they don’t have many enemies. They can fly. And they’re smart.”
Suddenly I had a sensation of being in this place at some other time, having this same conversation about crows. I had come to the same conclusions. 
As I was gently hypnotized by the sound of the lapping water I became aware of another sound in the distance. “Listen!” I said. Willie looked away to the canyon wall. Freddy sat up and craned his neck. “What is it?” he said. “I heard something,” I replied.
We all listened. At first there was nothing out of the ordinary. But then it happened again, a very distinct sound, the sound of a bleating animal.
“That’s a sheep!” Willie said.
We all stood up. “Sheep?” I said. “That doesn’t seem possible here!”
“It’s a sheep! I can hear it,” Willie said, starting off for the sound. “You know what that means?” He began to run toward the sound. “We’re home!”
“Willie, wait!” I yelled after him, “Let’s stay together!”
In moments he was out of sight, and Freddy and I tried to keep up with him, but we were both still weak and lagged behind. “Willie!” I shouted, “It could be a trick!”
With my pack on I could not keep up with Willie, and in a few minutes I lost him. Freddy could have passed me at anytime, but he stayed close to me.   Neither of us had enough energy to run. We kept as fast a pace as we could over the next rise where we had seen Willie go. “He’s following the creek,” I said with shortened breath, “We couldn’t possibly lose him…” I didn’t finish the rest, and Freddy seemed to know what I was thinking. He looked at me grimly and bit his lip. “Willie!” he shouted. “Hey! Amigo! Come back!”
We heard the distinct bleating of sheep again, closer this time. We laughed to each other uneasily, trying to force a sense of relief, and hurried toward the sound coming from over the next rise. I was certain I would see Willie sitting in tall grass, laughing. When we reached the top, there below us, in a small green valley through which the creek ran, was a flock of sheep being tended by a small boy. 
We were both astonished at this sight. I blinked my eyes several times and still could not believe what I was seeing. I felt joy; I felt wariness. “Freddy, do you see what I see?”
Freddy shrugged. “If you are looking at many sheep with a young shepherd boy, Senora, then si! I see what you see!”
I started down the slope and Freddy followed. The boy watched us descend. The sheep gave way and ran in all directions to escape our approach, but he stood still, apparently unafraid of us. He was a handsome boy, about 9 or 10, I guessed, with long black hair and smooth brown skin. He was distinctly Indian, but not Navajo. His jaw was too slender. Possibly Apache, but I could not tell. He was dressed in a small breechcloth  made of a dark homespun material. He wore a crudely constructed knife at his side, and held a long stick that he seemed to be using for a staff. I slowed down as we approached and stopped when we were still several feet away. “Hello!” I said in a somewhat forced cheerful voice. Indeed I felt gladdened to see another face, and especially that of a beautiful young boy. Compared to what I had seen recently he was a welcome hopeful change. He stared at both of us, betraying no emotion. I held up my hand in greeting. He stood still. Behind him, the sheep continued to graze peacefully. “What do you think, Freddy?” I said, “Is he Navajo?”
Freddy shook his head. “Doesn’t look it,” he said. He spoke to the boy in Navajo and Spanish, and still the boy was motionless. My joy, I discovered, was fading fast, and being quickly replaced by disappointment, and more suspicion. “I don’t like this,” I said, “This is all wrong, just like everything else here.”
“Si. I agree,” Freddy said, “But what can we do? We cannot go back.”
I nodded. “You’re right.” I stepped closer to the boy and knelt down in front of him. Freddy whispered, “Be careful, Senora.”
I stared into the boy’s dark brown eyes and tried to glimpse whatever I could of his human essence… his soul, I suppose. But all I saw was a deep well. His eyes stared back at me, not with fear or hatred, not with any surprise whatsoever, but with a wall of complete neutrality. I felt like I was looking at a living snapshot of a small boy. I reached out to touch him to see if he would draw back in fear. He did not. My hand touched his shoulder, and I felt the smoothness of it. The skin was real. I could feel its texture, could feel some rougher areas on his arm, and could feel the hairs on his forearm. The feel of him almost brought tears to my eyes and I resisted an urge to take him in my arms and hug him. Instead I simply caressed his hair and gazed into his eyes, looking for a response. And then I got one.
He reached out to me and touched my hair with his slender right hand. I allowed him to do this, and he then petted me like I was an animal. Then ran his hand through the hair. Now, for the first time, he revealed some emotion, the tiniest hint of glee, perhaps at seeing yellow hair for the first time. His mouth cracked a tiny smile, and his eyes seemed now to summon some life in them. He let go of my hair and stood rather regally with staff in hand, observing me for a few moments, then Freddy as well. Then he turned and began walking away down a partially defined path. The sheep, twelve in number, followed him obediently. He stopped after several yards and turned around to look at us.
“Do you think he wants us to follow him?” Freddy said. 
“Your guess is as good as mine,” I said, “But I’m not letting that boy our of my sight!” I began to follow and Freddy came after me. “What about Willie?” he said.
“I don’t know,” I replied, “I don’t know about Willie at all.”
Even as I spoke I felt my heart breaking. We had lost Willie! He was gone, not because he had lost his way, but because this damnable place had swallowed him up, and I could do nothing about it!
We followed a long trail next to the creek at a moderate pace. The boy knew we were following, but he was in no apparent hurry. Every now and then he looked back at us without interrupting his pace. The twelve sheep moved leisurely along with him.
“Where is he taking us?” Freddy asked. 
“He may not be “taking” us anywhere,” I said, “But his home must be nearby. Perhaps that is where he is headed.”
We must be careful. There will be others. I do not think the boy is on his own.”
I agreed. 
In time we came to a large field. In the distance I saw smoke drifting lazily up from the smoke hole of a dwelling that looked to be a primitive Hogan. The boy continued down the trail, with the sheep meandering into the field to graze. I stopped where I was. “Freddy!” I said, “Do you see that? A grazing field! And tilled land! I can see corn stalks!”
“Si,” he replied,  “And melon patches.” He smiled. “My mouth is watering at the thought of a juicy melon.”
My heart lifted. Perhaps all was not terrible and loathsome in this land. Perhaps we were in good luck for a change, and would find our way back home through these people. For the first time since I’d arrived here I felt hopeful, though my heart cried out for brave Willie. 
“Maybe he is here,” Freddy offered, as if reading my thoughts. 
I nodded, and we both began moving down the trail toward the distant farm.
#
 
29
Annie
The Family

The boy continued on toward the structure that did indeed look to be a Hogan. The shape was round, rather than the traditional Navajo style of eight sides, and the opening a simple crude fork stick style. But then, I reminded myself, these people may not be Navajo at all. As hopeful as our situation seemed to have become, we were not home yet.
As the boy approached the Hogan a young man strode out of the doorway quickly. He had no weapon, but after only a couple of steps he stood defiantly still, and the stern expression on his face told me that he was very capable of handling himself without weapons. The boy went up to him and stood by him. The similarity of their faces suggested that they were related, presumably as father and son. They watched us approach. We halted when we were several yards away. The boy seemed unconcerned, but the young man was visibly disturbed by our presence. I ventured a smile and a greeting. “Hello!” I said. I held up one hand in greeting and turned the other palm upward as a symbol of non-hostile intent. The young man began to shout at me angrily, gesturing with his left arm. The meaning was all too clear: We were not wanted.
“We are travelers,” I said, “We’re looking for our friend. Have you seen him perhaps?” 
The man looked silently at me, not comprehending. He began to shout again.
“Do you recognize the language?” I asked Freddy.
Freddy shook his head. “Not Navajo. Nothing I’ve ever heard.”
“I wish I knew what he was saying.”
Freddy grunted. “He is saying Go away!”
“That much I got!” I said, “Try some sign language with him.”
Freddy laughed. “What do I look like? A scout for the cavalry? Indians don’t talk in sign language anymore. This is 1950!”
“Not here it isn’t.”
He thought about this and nodded. “You’re right.” 
He stepped closer and began to talk to the young man, gesturing as best he could. I had to keep myself from laughing he looked so comical. I realized that I knew more universal sign language than he did. But at the moment a comic relief felt good.
Strangely enough, it seemed to be working. The young man calmed down somewhat, watching intensely as Freddy stepped even closer until he was a few feet away. He was talking while he gestured, saying we had come into the canyon to explore, that we were friends, and that we had lost a friend. Then he tried to describe the Tchindi and the Walkers, and the young man looked as if he understood. But then all hell broke loose and the young man pounced on Freddy, threw him to the ground and knelt on top of him, and began to strangle him with his hands. I went momentarily numb with shock. “Oh my God! Oh my God! NO!”
I ran up and tried to push the man away, but he was solid and immovable as a boulder. Freddy’s face was turning scarlet. I looked at the boy, who simply stared on with barely a trace of emotion. “Stop it!” I yelled, “Stop it! You’re killing him!” I began to beat on the man and then pulled his dark long hair. His head fell back and he yelled in pain. He let go of Freddy and threw him arms back, which catapulted me backwards. I hit the ground hard and felt the wind knocked out of me. My hat flew off my head and my hair fell down over my face. I sat up, expecting an onslaught from the young man, and threw my hair back.
The man stood up. Freddy crawled away from him quickly, but the man made no more attempt. He was staring at me with curiosity and bewilderment. He stepped cautiously over to me. I cringed inside, half expecting an attack, but I held fast, and stood up quickly to face him. I winced as he approached and reached out to touch my hair. It was clear he had never seen blond hair before.
Suddenly he grabbed it and yanked on it, perhaps expecting it was not real. I screamed at the pain, and he pulled harder. I yelled out again.
This time the boy came running over and pulled on his arm. He began yelling at him, and the man let go.  I pushed my hair back and backed away. The man and the boy looked back toward the Hogan and I followed their gaze to the doorway and gasped. 
In the doorway stood an old man with white hair. He was dressed in a loincloth like the other two, and I guessed he was the grandfather. He stepped out and walked toward us, keeping his slender eyes on me. At first his face registered deep concentration because of the wrinkled skin of his countenance, but when he stopped in front of me, his face smiled somewhat. The young man began to yell again, and the old man waved a hand and silenced him immediately. He said nothing, but only made a sound like a giggle, as if the entire event was amusing to him. He too looked at my hair, bending forward slightly to get a better look, but did not reach out to touch it. He nodded, and then said a few words to the boy, who ran inside the Hogan. He regarded his “son” and the young man turned sullenly and walked away behind the Hogan toward the fields beyond.
I went up to Freddy. “Are you all right?”
He nodded, rubbing his throat. “Si. The man has a strong grip.”
“I thought he was going to kill you.”
“You’re not the only one…”
The old man made a gesture to follow him into the Hogan and we did.
Inside it was dark except for the fire in the middle of the space, which was about ten feet in diameter. The old man motioned to us to sit. We did, and the boy brought us a bowl with some bread and some melon slices. We ate in silence for the next few minutes. The food tasted good, but even here it seemed to be lacking in essence.
The old man sat in silence also, watching us as we ate. His expression contained a hint of amusement, and a slight twinkle in his eye belied the expression. I caught glimpses of him as I ate, studying his face as best I could, trying to read his personality. I did not know if we would be able to communicate outside of sign language, and I was looking for an opening of any kind. For the moment there was only respectful silence. It was clear we were meant to eat and rest.  On the old man’s orders, the boy laid out blankets for us. After eating, I lay down and sleep overtook me immediately.
#

30
Annie
The Tree Bridge

I woke up to the smell of a cooking stew and to my surprise, I felt hungry! My stomach began to gurgle and my salivary glands began to water at the aroma.  This took me by complete surprise, for if I was now hungry did this mean then that I might be in danger of dying from hunger if I continued to exist here without food?… And Willie…Is he hurt…Is he dying of hunger now?…
I sat up and pushed this nagging thought from my worried mind. Then I suddenly froze in horror.
Freddy was gone!
I jumped up, crying out in sorrow. No one else was in the Hogan. I hurried outside and looked around. To my relief, Freddy was sitting in the near distance next to a small fire, calmly drinking from a bowl, and smoking what looked like a cigar!
“Buenos Dias, Senora Annie!” he called with a genuine smile, the first time I had ever seen him smile that broadly. He lifted the cigar. “They have tobacco!” He laughed. “They have tobacco…and coffee!”
“My God!” I laughed, “Coffee too?”
He shrugged. “Well, it’s not really coffee. More like Chicory root. But it will do.”
There was a stone pot sitting in the embers of a fire, and it contained the dark liquid. I poured some into a bowl and tasted it. It was all right, but it was definitely not coffee. Still, I smiled, because it was hot, and because it was…well, because it was “not bad.”
Freddy passed a cigar to me, which looked more like a fat dark cigarette. I took it and sniffed it. “Hmm,” I said with a smile. Freddy lit it and I took in a lungful, and choked on the smoke, almost to the point of passing out. Freddy laughed, and I laughed too, coughing at the same time. My eyes watered heavily. “Holy mother of God!” I said, “Now that’s a strong tobacco!”
“It’s good!” Freddy said, “It’s real good!”
I nodded, and smoked some more. My head swam from the strong flavor. “Yes, it’s good,” I agreed.
“If we have to stay here,” he said, “This will make it more worthwhile.”
I smiled and drank some more “coffee.” In the distance I could see the old man and the boy working in the field. The father was not around. 
“Freddy,” I said, “I nearly had a heart attack. I woke up and you weren’t there.”
He reached out and touched my shoulder. “Ah! And you thought I was missing too? I understand. But here I am. I am enjoying this moment. And now if only the sun would shine, it would be a perfect morning.”
“How do you know it’s morning?” I asked.
Freddy shrugged. “Anyway, it feels like morning.”
I nodded. “Yes, it does. And I feel hungry.”
“Me too. I had some stew. It’s good.”
“What kind of stew is it?” I asked.
Freddy laughed. “With all these sheep around? Maybe you can guess?”
I smiled, feeling my appetite dwindle somewhat. Still, I went and prepared a bowl and came back outside and ate. “You’re right,” I said, “This is pretty good. The old man made it?”
He nodded. “I guess so.”
“How long have you been up?”
“Maybe a couple of hours.”
“Have you walked around at all?”
“Not much. A little. Why?”
I looked around the area. “I want to look for Willie.”
Freddy’s expression turned serious and he cast his eyes to the ground while smoking. “Ah, si…”
“After breakfast we will look for him.”
“And if we do not find him?”
I look almost defiantly at him, not wanting to think any further than that. “We will find him. He may have fallen in a crevice somewhere. He may be hurt, unconscious. We have to know.”
“Senora, do you know what I think?”
I knew what he was thinking, but I didn’t want to hear it. “You think he’s dead…”
He shrugged. “It may be…but it is possible he may not be here anymore. He may have found another door, fallen into it, and did not know it…”
I thought about this. I knew he was right, but I did not want to admit it. “We still have to know,” I said glumly.
He sighed. “Annie, there are still Walkers out there…”
“We have to know!” I insisted.
He looked away and nodded. “Si, you are right.”
“We have to look around the area, as long as it takes. When we’ve covered the whole area, and we still have not found him, then we‘ll assume he has…left, or…”
Freddy nodded blankly. I stared out at the old man. “Have you seen the father?”
“No. Not since we arrived.”
“Have you talked to the grandfather or the boy?”
He shrugged. “A little to the old one. Only some sign language. Not much. The boy…sometimes I think the boy does not hear at all.”
I nodded. “Yes. I’ve had the same thought, that either he is deaf or just off in his own world. My guess is that he hears just fine.”
Freddy rubbed his chin. “You think so?”
I nodded. “He seems very aware of everything around him, even when he is not looking at it.”
Freddy stood up. He chomped on his cigar and picked up a small rock. “Let’s find out,” he said.
I looked at him curiously. “What are you going to do?” I asked skeptically. Freddy stared at the boy and tossed the rock up and down lightly. I suddenly got an inkling of what his intention was. “Freddy! Are you going to throw that rock at him?”
“No, Annie, no…” He laughed, “I’m going to throw it behind him. If he hears it fall he will look in that direction.”
“Freddy, be careful. We don’t want to upset these people.”
“Don’t worry.” He watched the boy bending over with his hoe until the boy’s back was to him. Then he took a mighty wind up and heaved the rock into space. I suddenly felt a bad feeling about this. Up it sailed and down it came, landing about ten feet from the boy, raising a small explosion of sand and dirt as it landed. I could hear a distant thud from where we stood. 
The boy continued to work, ignoring the sound. The grandfather, much further away, also went on working. My mouth opened in surprise. “Maybe he is too engrossed in his work,” I offered. 
“Maybe…” Freddy said. He picked up another rock and let it fly before I could protest. It came down in the same area. Again I heard it land. Again the boy ignored it. “Well,” I commented, “I don’t agree with your mode of testing, Freddy, but the results would indicate that he does not hear very well…”
Freddy picked up another smaller rock and tossed it up and down. “This one I will plant right on his ass!”
“Freddy! No!” I stood ready to spill the rock from his hand, but he laughed and dropped it. “I am only kidding, Senora!” 
I nodded in relief and looked toward the field. What I saw was suddenly unsettling. The boy and the grandfather stopped at once and quietly stared at us. 
“That’s very odd,” I said, “Look at them…They’re reacting like they’ve heard every word we’ve been saying…”
Freddy shook his head. “No. They are too far away.” He continued to smoke.
For several moments both of them stood as still as statues, watching us as a couple of deer or sheep might observe humans. I felt uncomfortable, as if they were looking inside me.
“Then why are they staring like that?”
Freddy shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe it’s you. They see that you are up now. Maybe they are wondering if you had a good night’s sleep.” He laughed, waved at them, and sat down again. “Besides,” he said, “They don’t understand English, remember?” 
I forced an acquiescent nod and continued to watch the boy and the grandfather. For the longest time, too long it seemed, they stood very still, watching us, then suddenly, simultaneously, went back to work.
I crushed my cigarette and put it in my pocket for later. When Freddy had finished his I said, “Come on, let’s have a look around.”
“What about our stuff?” Freddy asked, motioning back toward the hut. I looked back anxiously. The thought of losing everything in there made my concern rise, but I felt we should make a pretense of staying for the moment. I felt the crystal dagger safely tucked and hidden in my belt. I did not want to let that out of my sight for a moment. I looked out at the old man who seemed very intent with his work, not even noticing us anymore. “Let’s leave it,” I said, “We’ll have a quick look around and then come back.”
Freddy nodded. We set out, passing the old man and the boy. They looked up as I stopped next to the old man. He looked at me and said something with a gesture of his arm. “We’re going to have a look around,” I said, motioning with my hand to the area around us. “We are looking for someone, a third person.” I used some sign language to convey this as best I could. The man seemed to understand that we were looking for something. He looked around, said something, and shrugged. I pointed to myself, to Freddy, then to an imaginary person and held up three fingers. The man stared at me neutrally for a moment, and then looked as if understanding had dawned on him. He nodded and began to speak again, holding up three fingers, pointing just as I had. “Yes!” I agreed, “Three of us. We are looking for a third person. Have you seen him?”
The old man read my lips as best he could but shook his head slightly, then looked at the boy, who was several yards away. He took a few steps toward him, and the boy looked up from what he was doing. The man began to talk to him with much sign language, gesturing to us, then to the surrounding area. The boy stared at him blankly as if he had not understood a word. The old man waited a moment, as if the boy might answer, but then looked at us and spoke with a shake of his head. 
“Are there Dark Walkers around?” Freddy asked. The man looked blankly at him, and Freddy asked in Navajo and Spanish. At first the old man seemed to understand nothing Freddy was saying, but then Freddy made one motion, creating a fork with his fingers and bringing them to his eyes and pointing straight out ahead of him with a very dead looking face. Again I saw the look of understanding in the man’s face, and he slowly nodded, gesturing back toward the area from which we had come. 
“What about that way?” Freddy asked, pointing further up the canyon, “What’s up that way?”
The old man turned to look, and when he turned back I thought I discerned a sigh from him. He repeated Freddy’s gesture with the eyes. I felt a thrill inside at this. We had communicated!
“Does that mean what I think it does?” Freddy said.
“Looks like he’s saying there are more Dark Walkers up ahead,” I said. Freddy nodded, and I said to the old man, “We are going to look around,” gesturing to this effect, and the man seemed to understand. He went back to work as if he had not been in the least disturbed.
We continued on back toward the river junction from which we had come. I looked back as we walked. The boy watched us curiously, perhaps wanting to come with us, but when he saw me turn he went back to digging.
The sheep moved passively as we passed them, some of them watching us blankly, some of them grazing leisurely. Inwardly I felt very excited. “We communicated!” I said, “Did you see that? We communicated! That means not everyone is dead here!”
Freddy spat. “How do you know that? Maybe they are just a different form of dead.”
I was leading the way. I looked back at Freddy with mock scorn and muttered, “Pessimist.”
We came to the river via the same path the boy had led us the day before. Looking across the river to the other side, I detected no sign that Walkers were around. At the moment, the terrain across the river seemed very innocuous. None in sight, I thought, but as soon as we cross that river… I knew there might be dozens of them within minutes. I could see the ridge from which we had surveyed the area. I followed the river upstream with my eyes as far as I could see it. “We seem to be safe here,” I said.
“But if the old man is right,” Freddy said, “the Walkers are all around us.” 
I nodded. “We must be on an island of some sort,” I said. “I think the river probably junctions again up ahead.”
“So as long as we stay on the island we are safe.”
“I don’t know,” I said, “Safe’ is a relative term here, Freddy, which means I don’t want to take anything for granted. From now on I’m for getting out of here as soon as possible, after we’ve looked around for Willie.”
“And if we don’t find him?”
I had a moment of grim reflection, then pulled the dagger out of my belt and held it up. “Perhaps this will be our way out.” 
We followed the river, searching as much of the terrain as possible while keeping the water in sight. On the other side of the river, the huge wall of the canyon thrust upward almost completely vertical to a dizzying height. We explored the area where we had last seen Willie and called out his name several times.  Dull, muffled echoes bounced back to us off the wall. I checked the path for footprints, but there were none. The path was mostly solid rock at this point. It seemed more and more that Willie was indeed gone.
We followed the river further up, until it once again merged with its counterpart on the other side of the canyon. I was right. The old man and his family lived on an island, protected from the Dark Walkers by a narrow stream of water, life giving for the family, and deadly to the Walkers.
We sat to rest after a while. I lit up my half smoked cigar and offered some to Freddy. He smiled and pulled a fresh one out of his shirt. We smoked in silence for a few minutes, both of us thinking the same thing. Freddy rubbed his chin. “He is not here,” he said, “If he was here, I think we would have found him.”
“You think he has gone to another place?”
He nodded. “Si. I think that is what happened. He found a doorway and he fell through it. It is the only possible explanation.”
I considered this thoughtfully, but it gave me an uneasy feeling. “If that’s true,” I said, “then where is the door? We went all over that area. How come we didn’t find it?” 
Freddy was still rubbing his bearded chin. He shook his head. 
“The problem is,” I said, “we’re trying to think of this world in the same terms we use to define our world, the one we came from. It doesn’t work. We have to change our perspective.”
Freddy shrugged. “How do we do that?”
“I’m not sure. But I keep getting the feeling that there’s something we’ve overlooked.”
Freddy puffed his cigar and looked up the canyon wall. “What’s to overlook?” he said, “You cannot make sense of this place. It is like the dream world.”
We sat in silence again. Yes, I thought, the dream world, only how do I wake up from this dream world? 
I suddenly felt wretchedly homesick. I wanted to be among familiar surroundings again; I wanted to be held in someone’s arms, someone who could make all of this go away. My heart sorrowed for Willie, and for Luis. At length I said, “Let’s go, Freddy.”
His eyes widened. “Go back to the farm?”
“No.  I mean leave… get out of here. We’ll spend the night, then leave tomorrow.”
“Upstream?”
“Who knows? Maybe the old man can help us find the way. He seems like he ought to know.”
Freddy laughed at this. Then he pointed to where the river divided us from the other as yet unexplored country. “Look,” he said, “There is a dead tree hanging out over the river way over there.”
“So there is,” I said, observing the tree where the river flowed around a bend several yards away. It looked like a cross between the trunk of a ponderosa pine and a sequoia cactus. In any case, it was immensely tall. Freddy walked over to it. The trunk jutted outward at an angle, perhaps 45 degrees. Freddy shook it and it moved slightly. “It moves!” he yelled to me. I smiled. “So what?” I yelled back.
“This might make a good bridge! It seems long enough!” he shot back. “Then we won’t have to get wet!”
Freddy crawled up the tree monkey style, which made me laugh, and when he got up about half way he began to shake it by jumping up and down. The trunk gave way little by little until, to my amazement, the dry roots split and cracked, and the tree came plummeting down, faster, I’m sure, than Freddy had anticipated. With a crack and a thud it crashed down, the other end coming to rest neatly on the other shore. Freddy almost lost his balance but caught himself in time. I stood up, deeply impressed. “My God,” I said, “It worked! Freddy, it worked!”
Freddy went back and forth a few times to test the sturdiness of the bridge. It held him up just fine. I walked over. “Nice going, Freddy!” He smiled back, pleased with himself. We sat down again and made plans to leave. We would go back and try to get as much information from the old man as possible, have a meal, get some sleep, and then at next light we would take our gear and move out. We would take our chances with the Walkers and test the dagger in several places along the way. As a last resort, if none of this worked, we would go back downriver the way we came. At this point one way seemed just as dangerous as the next.
We sat in silence. I looked away toward the distant canyon wall and was again overcome by sad thoughts; tears fell from my eyes. Freddy noticed and said, “You are thinking of him?” 
I nodded. He laughed. “You know I remember drinking a bottle of Tequila with Willie once.”
“Really? Where was that?”
“It was in Bullhead City. He was running some errands for Lupy, and I was hanging out with Johnny Bear Slayer. We ran into each other, and we knew each other from the territory, but we never did anything together, except that one time. We bought a bottle and split it behind an old abandoned building. We wanted to go to a bar but we were both only fourteen.”
“Who bought you the bottle?”
“Johnny.”
“Ah…”
“We got good and drunk that night. We wanted to find some girls, but there weren’t any around who were our age…just older ones and they wouldn’t have anything to do with us. So we just got drunk and ended up taking a swim in the Colorado River.” He laughed and so did I. I looked at him somewhat sadly, finding it hard to believe that I was talking to someone who was in fact Willie’s age. I’d become accustomed to thinking of Freddy as an old man. “Freddy,” I said, “What was it like, being here…when you were lost….being here all that time, I mean.”
He spat, and then lit up his cigar again. “Well…it feels like a long time, like forty years, and sometimes it feels only like one year. I remember being with Johnny and getting lost, and while I was walking around on my own, days went by, day after day, and I kept going back and forth, feeling like lots of time passed, and then sometimes it felt like no time at all. Then one day I suddenly realized that I was an old man, and it felt like I been here all my life. Only I don’t know how much time passed. I don’t remember getting’ old.  I don’t remember all that time passing me by.”
“Maybe it didn’t.”
He looked at me surprised. “What?”
“Maybe it’s sorcery,” I said. “There is no time here; you said so yourself. Maybe it’s…maybe it’s a big trick.”
He looked at me with the grim, serious look of an old man, and then suddenly burst out laughing, sounding more like a teen-ager. “That’s a good one,” he said, “And all I gotta do is figure out the magic spell and I’ll be free.”
“Well, it was just a thought. How much sorcery do you know?”
He rubbed his head. “I remember a little. I never did know a lot; I was just learning. But I learned some things, like how to bring animals to you when you are hunting them. I know how to put a curse on somebody.”
“How?”
“Oh, there are lots of ways. It depends on what you want to do…”
He stopped talking and sat upright, looking past me toward the river. “Santa Maria! Annie, we got visitors! Visitors we don’t want!”
I turned around and felt the blood drain from my face. Across the river several Walkers had gathered at the water’s edge. Three men were on the tree bridge, attempting to cross! “Oh my God!” I cried in alarm, “Freddy!”
Freddy cursed to himself. “Stupid! Stupid!” he said, “I wasn’t thinking!”
“What’ll we do?”
“We’ve got to knock them off the bridge and get that tree out of there!”
He jumped up and ran toward the bank. I was right on his heels. We both put our shoulders to the end of the tree and tried to lift, but some of the roots were still in the ground, and the tree would not budge. The men drew closer. They were more sure-footed than I would have thought possible.
Freddy found a long stick and jumped up on the bridge and inched his way out toward the middle to meet the first Walker. When he got there he did not hesitate for a moment. He swung out at the figure with all of his might, knocking the Walker into the water. The figure clawed at the water as if trying to swim. Already it was decaying rapidly, and in another minutes it would be dissolved completely. Freddy lost no time and struck at the next one. But the figure was ready for him and managed to grab the stick. For a moment there was a brief tug of war between them, then the Walker advanced on Freddy, knocking the stick out of the way and grabbing him by the shoulders. Freddy struggled and was lifted into the air. The creature carried him to the end of the bridge and tossed him off. Freddy grabbed the creature’s neck as he fell, pulling the Walker with him, and they both tumbled off the log onto the shore next to the water. In spite of Freddy’s “age” he was very strong in grappling with the creature. He tried to pull the creature toward the water. I started over to help him, and then realized that four more Walkers were attempting to cross the bridge. “Dammit!” I said aloud. I picked up the stick that he had dropped and went out on the log to prevent the others from crossing. I met the first one and feinted a jab to his chest. When he went to reach for the stick I swung it around and struck him in the knee. His leg buckled and he went over into the river. The next one came and I went right for his face, connecting right in the forehead. He staggered, and I lunged again into his chest. He slipped, and fell straight down, one leg on either side of the log. When his crotch struck the tree, his fragile hipbone broke, and his decayed flesh shredded easily at the joint, severing his body midway up his chest. I was so surprised at this I momentarily became mesmerized by the sight and before I had time to react another Walker was on me. I pushed the stick into his face and he grabbed it. I had time enough only to back away and jump off the log. 
Freddy was still struggling with the creature, and his strength was diminishing every moment. My only chance now was to help him. If we could pull the creature into the water then we could both make our escapes as we had before. It was the only way now. I looked up at the log, and several more creatures were now crossing slowly, like blind leading blind.
I looked around for another stick, but none was close by. I watched Freddy struggling again and made ready to tackle the creature head-on.
Then with a gasp of insight I remembered the dagger in my belt. I pulled it out of its sheath, and the crystal gleamed brightly even in this dull light of sunless day. I ran over to help Freddy. I had no idea if it the dagger would have any effect on the creature since it was apparently dead already, but there was nothing else to do. As the creature slowly descended its grotesque mouth toward weakening Freddy, I plunged the dagger into the middle of its back.
The creature stopped, looking around him with a look that was somewhat dazed and stupid, its mouth open in a kind of painful silent scream. Suddenly the strength ran out of him and he began to crumple right where he was. Freddy attempted to toss him off, but the decaying of the Walker was so rapid that it turned to a “dust” in mere seconds, dropping to a mass pile on top of Freddy.  Freddy stood up, his face in a grimace of disgust, coughing and shaking the dust off. “Are you all right?” I asked. He nodded. I stared in astonishment at the knife. 
“At least we’ve got a weapon now,” I said.
“If they get off that bridge,” Freddy said, “You’ll have a hard time using it.”
I looked up at the other Walkers who were almost to the end the bridge. Momentarily they all stopped, “staring” at me with those black cold eyes. I felt certain they could not see us, but the dagger had certainly commanded their attention. Now they began to move again.
“We can’t fight them all,” Freddy said, “Let’s get into the river.”
Suddenly we heard a yell from in back of us. I turned to look, and on top of a high point, several hundred yards away stood the young man, the father. He was yelling and holding both arms high over his head. The Walkers seemed to hear him momentarily, then continued to advance. I watched the young man again, held fast by the chilling power of his piercing yell. I saw him pick up a couple of rocks. With an exaggerated wind up he heaved one of the rocks, and incredibly the rock sailed across that impossible distance and struck the lead Walker in the head with such force that he fell off the log into the water. In an instant the young man let the other rock fly. Again, to my amazement, the rock flew through the air across that entire expanse and struck the next Walker square in the middle of his face. He too fell off the log from the force of the blow, his decayed skull almost completely smashed by the projectile.
I looked back to the high point, but the young man had jumped off and was running toward us so rapidly I did not think such speed was possible! The other Walkers began to cross the log as if nothing had happened. In mere moments, the young Indian reached the shore. He grabbed one end of the tree by the roots, let out the most blood-curdling cry that I’ve ever heard in my life, and lifted the tree out of the ground. The brittle roots cracked and the tree lifted up easily in his deft hands. He lifted the end high and rolled the tree back and forth, shaking off the four Walkers who had been on it. They all fell into the water except the one at the far end who landed on the shore. He stood up and stared blankly at us from the other side.
Now that the Walkers were off, the young Indian gathered his strength and lifted the entire tree up and pulled it across the river until it was completely on our side of the water. He then tossed it aside as if it had weighted no more than ten or twenty pounds. The tree hit the ground with a deep thud, raising some dust.
I stared in awe at the young man. I could tell Freddy was equally impressed. After he had disposed of the tree, the young Indian stared at the other Walkers across the water momentarily and then let out a shout, raising his fists to the air, as if gloating over them. In response, the Walkers simply stood still in their ignorance.
Then the young Indian turned toward us. He came striding over toward me and looked angrily into my eyes. I felt myself quaking inside. Freddy stepped in front of me, and the young man stopped, looking at Freddy. Then he pushed him aside roughly. Freddy went sprawling to the ground. I wanted to run to Freddy’s aid, but instead I stood there watching the young Indian, who now turned his attention back to me. His gaze went to my dagger, and he stared long and hard at it. I could not tell if he recognized it, or if it was completely new to him, but he seemed decidedly attracted to it. He reached for it, and I pulled it away. “No!” I said. He reached again, and again I pulled it away, stepping back this time. “No!” I yelled, “Mine!” I sheathed it and tucked in my belt. The young Indian looked at me though piercing slits, and I braced myself for an attack that I felt sure was coming.
The young Indian stared into my eyes for a long time, then without warning he grabbed my left wrist with his right hand. I gasped, not from pain, though his grip was strong, but from the suddenness of his move. He was as quick as a snake, and I felt I could not possibly shake loose of his grip no matter how much I might try. I cried out in protest, certain he was either going to rip my arm off, or drag me into the river and drown me. I was terrified and my legs began to shake. I suddenly felt faint and I asked him to please let go of my hand, that I needed to sit down, that I needed to rest... I heard the words in my head, but I never spoke them.
At that moment, everything became dark.
#

31
Annie
Return of The Power

When I regained consciousness, Freddy was looking over me. “Ah!” he said with a smile, “There you are, Senora! I thought for a while I would have to continue the journey alone.”
I looked groggily around me. We were still at the river. The young man was gone. “What happened?” I asked, sitting up. 
“Are you okay?” Freddy asked. I checked myself and felt fine. I nodded. Freddy said, “You were unconscious for about a half hour.”
“Where’s the father?” 
“He left…”
Suddenly I froze in fear, thinking he had taken my dagger, but I felt the sheath in my belt, pressed against my lower back. I sighed in relief, and then thought back to what had taken place. “He grabbed me; I thought he was going to break my arm. Then I felt myself falling…”
“He ran away,” Freddy said. “After he grabbed you by the wrist, you fell down and you almost pulled him on top of you. It looked like he was trying to let go of you, but he couldn’t. He had the strangest look on his face.”
“What do you mean?”
“He looked afraid. After what I saw him do to the Walkers with that tree, I could not imagine him being afraid of anything. But Senora, he looked at you, and he was afraid.”
An image was coming back to me now. “Yes,” I said, “I remember now. When he grabbed me, I saw into his mind.  He was afraid. And that’s why he let go of me, and ran away.”
“Si. He let go and ran as fast as he could.”
“He saw something… I saw it too.”
“What did he see, Annie?”
He saw the only thing in this world he is afraid of.”
“What was that?”
I turned toward the river. On the other side a large gathering of Walkers stood like sentinels, watching us in stillness. “It’s them,” I said.
“The walkers?” Freddy laughed. “Senora, he is not afraid of them. Didn’t you see his strength? And how well he fought them?”
“He fears them deeply,” I said, “I saw his vision! In his fear they overpowered him and…he became like them.”
Freddy looked out across the river. “Santa Maria!” he whispered. On the other side now it seemed as if there were a sea of the creatures, as far as we could see, held at bay by the thin watery vein of river.  We both had the same thought.  “Senora,” Freddy said, “It looks like we are trapped here.” 
#

32
Annie
A Meal With the Family

We walked back to the Hogan, taking a circuitous route in order to explore the rest of the island. Along the river path on the other side Walkers gathered, more than I had seen up to this point, as if the entire “nation” had decided to converge here. The natural barrier held them fast. Most of them stood as still as marble. Occasionally I witnessed more aggressive Walkers attack some of the others, while the others simply watched us through their hollow, blackened orbs. Not just watching. They were observing us with some unknown intelligence. As we walked along, I must confess I could not take my own eyes off of them. Now that we were safely established on the island, having determined once and for all that there were no Walkers on our side of the river, I could actually begin to study the strange creatures without worrying that one was stalking me.
When we arrived back at the Hogan of the old man, he and his grandson were sitting down to eat. The old man motioned to the boy and invited us to sit. We did so, and the boy brought us bowls of stew. “Thank you,” I said, sitting down. 
“It looks like the same stew we had yesterday,” Freddy said, sniffing the bowl. I shrugged. “There is probably not a lot of variety here,” I said, eating it. Freddy sat down next to me. I asked the old man some questions about the food, and he smiled at me with his wrinkled old eyes, but he seemed not to understand. I made other feeble attempts to communicate, with little success, when suddenly the young man came storming into the Hogan. At once he looked at Freddy and advanced menacingly toward him, yelling aloud. Freddy dropped his bowl of stew and backed away. The young man was almost on top of him before I knew what was happening. He had a crude knife in his hand, shaped from a rock. It was drawn, and his intention was all too clear. I jumped up, ready to pounce on the man if I had to. But then the old man yelled out.
The young man stopped as if immobilized. The old man made a motion with his arm, and the young man stared at him for an instant, and then backed away. He yelled again, something to the old man, and then to Freddy and me, then left the Hogan. 
I looked at the old man who sat still and began to eat again. He nudged the boy, and the youth began to clean up the mess. I helped Freddy up. “Are you all right?” I asked. Freddy nodded. “Si. A little shaken up, I think.”
I smiled. “I have the funny feeling that he doesn’t think too highly of you.”
“I can see that.”
I looked at the old man, who stared back at us with an expression of what I can only describe as vacant delight, a quiet bliss. I wondered at this man and his odd family. He had yelled a single word, the meaning of which I knew not, nor could I form a reasonable syllable from the sound he had uttered. It was no language I had ever heard in my world. I began to consider that the meaning of the word perhaps lay more in the sound than the syllable. The young man had responded instantly to this…sound of power.
I made further attempts to converse with the man, but he only smiled in a distant, somewhat childish way. When he stared into my eyes I felt as if I were looking into the eyes of the boy. There was darkness there, a void, as if I were staring into the vacant eyes of a retarded person, or a schizophrenic. And yet I knew there was a tremendous awareness there, lying behind a seemingly impregnable consciousness, familiar and foreign all at once. I had to turn my own eyes away for fear of shuddering, and perhaps for fear of falling into that blackish pool.
We had been out longer than I had realized for it was already dark, and I suddenly felt tired. After my meal I slept soundly. 
#

33
Annie
The Doorway

The next morning when I awoke, the old man and the boy were out in the field, and Freddy was still asleep. I rose, helped myself to a small portion of stew, and after I had finished I decided to write in my journal in an effort to record all that had happened to me chronologically and as faithfully as possible. I left a note in Freddy’s pocket so he wouldn’t worry when he awakened. 
I went down to the river to write, because of my natural attraction to water, whether real or not. I went there too because, in spite of the horrifying nature of the Walkers, I was also fascinated by them, and I wanted to observe them from a safe distance. But when I reached the river they were gone. The evening before there had been hundreds of them gathered like so many lost souls at a revival meeting. Now there was only the bleak terrain and the river. “Maybe they all decided to baptize themselves and disintegrated,” I said aloud, joking with myself.  
I sat down next to a large rock and began to write. I spent hours there, or so it seemed, and for probably the first time since I arrived in this unusual place I felt almost normal while writing my adventures. 
Eventually Freddy came by looking for me. He brought me a cigar and I paused in my writing and smoked it while we talked about what we were going to do to get out of here. Neither of us had any clear answers. 
“What about using that knife?” he asked.
I told him I had tried some experiments on my way to the river. “I stuck the dagger into the ground, tried sticking it into some rocks. Nothing happened. It reacts like any knife would; nothing out of the ordinary. I think our finding the other doorway was just blind luck.”
“If we knew where the doorway is then maybe we could use it to open the door,” Freddy said.
“Yes. We need to know where the door is.”
Freddy got up and stretched. “Well, Senora, I think I will go do some exploring and look for this door.”
I laughed. “How are you going to know when you’ve found it?”
He smiled and shrugged. “I have no idea.”
“Well, be careful, Freddy. If you get in trouble, whistle loud.”
“Si. And you.” He waved and walked off while I continued writing in my journal.
After an indeterminate period of time I stopped writing and dozed off. I don’t know how long I was asleep, but it felt as if several hours had passed. In this place, however, I could not be sure of that. I realized I had lain down behind the rock while I slept. I was about to sit up when I heard a noise, a sound of footsteps. I froze where I was instinctively. I thought it might be Freddy coming back to get me, but I decided to wait first. 
The footsteps came closer and sounded as if they were headed right for me. I felt certain it must be Freddy, for he would know exactly where to look for me. But just as the footsteps seemed about to stop where I was lying, they continued on in a hurried fashion away from me. I quickly sat up and peered over the edge of the rock, just in time to see the father heading down the path of the river. As he moved further away and almost out of my sight, I suddenly became intensely curious about his destination. I quickly packed my few things together and began to follow him.
It was difficult to walk quickly and quietly. I felt certain I was making enough noise to alert anyone miles away, but so far the young man showed no signs of awareness of my presence. On and on he walked, to a part of the island I don’t recall exploring. At one point he traversed away from the water up a steep path toward a peak. When he reached the top he disappeared around a rock, and I hurried to avoid losing sight of him. I ran up the hill as fast as I could, thinking to myself that what I was doing was crazy, that he could be sitting on the other side of the rock and I would stumble right over him. Or even worse, he might be lying in wait for me. In spite of my fears I pressed on and came to the top of the hill. I went around the rock where I had seen him go only a half-minute before.
He was gone. 
For a moment I lost my breath in surprise. I looked around the rock; there was nowhere for him to go where I could not have seen him. Looking over the other side of the hill I recognized the river in the distance where the large tree truck still lay on the bank. This peak was apparently the one from which he had appeared and rescued us from the Walkers. I marveled again at the incredible distance across which he had thrown the rock projectiles and hit his mark each time.
But where had he gone? I searched around the pillar-shaped rock and came to the only possible conclusion.
My heart beat rapidly as I examined the rock, feeling for an opening. I searched all around the pillar, feeling only solid rock. Then I took the dagger out and searched again. I felt the rock with its point and watched with a breathless shiver as the blade slid into the rock effortlessly! Now my heart was pounding. I had found it! I had found what we were looking for! There was another doorway here! Slowly I extended my hand toward the rock and it disappeared into the surface all the way up to my elbow. I pulled it out again. Then I repeated the action. I pulled the dagger out and felt solid rock. Then I stuck the dagger in the rock again to make certain. There was no doubt now that this was a doorway, and that this dagger would once again serve as the key.
I felt elation surging within me, but I contained it. There was a possibility of getting out of here, but there was also danger inherent. I had no idea where this doorway led. I was tempted to walk through now and find out, but I decided to wait and tell Freddy. We would go together; I did not want to take a chance on becoming separated. And there was also the matter of the father to deal with. He had gone through; it was reasonable to assume that he would come back out, unless there were other doorways all over the island.
I decided to wait and see if he came back. I climbed a short distance to the top of the pillar, which had a flattened surface and was large enough for me to lie down on and, I hoped, remain unseen.
I don’t know how much time elapsed. It seemed that it might have been a short time, and yet when one is waiting expectantly, a short time can be an eternity. At one point I began to think what I was doing was sheer folly, and then I became aware of a sound. I recalled Freddy talking about when he had first discovered the doorway that had enabled him to escape the Tchindi. He had described hearing a hum. This is what I heard also; in addition, I felt a kind of vibration in the rock. I felt myself trembling as I looked over the edge below and saw the young man emerge from the rock. He was carrying a small bundle wrapped in a gray blanket. He placed the bundle on the ground and knelt over it. I couldn’t see what he was doing, for he was directly below me. He appeared to be unwrapping the blanket, examining something, and then quickly wrapped it again. As he did so, I suddenly heard a sound emitted from the bundle, and I gasped a quick breath, and held it at the same time for fear I should be discovered. The man finished wrapping the blanket and picked it up again and hurried back down the path with great speed. I hurried down from the pillar and ran down the path, but I knew I was already too slow to catch up with him. I stopped out of breath at the bottom of the hill. The man was already out of sight. I stared after him, after the dust of his tracks, and I became aware of a new feeling of uneasiness within me. Tears fell from my eyes, but it was several moments before I realized it. For the moment all I was aware of was that awful distinctive sound I had heard coming from within the blanket. It might have been the sound of an animal he had been hunting, and taken alive. I hoped it was. Weird logic tried to convince me that what I heard could not have been real; a deeper fear told me otherwise. I didn’t know for certain what it was, but I know what I heard.
It was the muffled sound of a baby child. 
#

34
Annie
The Bundle in the Blanket

I climbed down from the pillar and stood there, momentarily in shock. The sound was still playing in my mind like a stuck record. I looked down the path and could still see traces of dust in the air but the father was nowhere to be seen. I was tempted to follow his tracks, but my attention was riveted to the rock, to this new doorway that had been presented. My hand felt the firmness of the red rock; it was so smooth with age it might have been polished by an unknown artist. I reached in back of me and pulled out the crystal dagger. I brought the tip up to the rock and held it there for a moment, and then shoved it in, expecting to feel resistance. Instead, the blade slid in as easily as it went into its sheath. My heart began to pound with excitement. I reached out with my hand and watched it pass through the rock as if there was nothing there.  
It was difficult to take my eyes away from this phenomenon. Still, I was all too aware of the father’s presence somewhere in the area. I looked around as if expecting to see him watching me.  I contemplated my next move, and I knew my choice was already made. With no one around, how could I not go through? I might not get another chance like this. I thought of Freddy…and Willie. What if I could not come back through?
What about the baby?
I felt hesitant. And yet I also felt some certainty that I could return if I wanted to as long as I had the crystal. I had to go through; I had to know where this would lead.
I took a breath, closed my eyes and walked through. 
Just as before, I felt no immediate sensation. When I opened my eyes, I beheld a cavern with many passages. A prominent one led to my left; another went straight; another went to the right. As I pondered which passage to follow, I suddenly became aware of a distinct sensation after all, a strange combination of heat and vibration deep within me. I wondered what it meant. Could it mean that the father was coming back? A momentary fear stabbed me and I almost went back through the entrance I had come in, but something held my way. It was an image. I stared into the darkness toward the other passageways. When I stared at the passage to the left I saw blurry images racing past; when I looked straight ahead of me they ceased. To the right I saw more images. I closed my eyes and looked to the left again, and the images were clearer. I saw moving terrain, as if…as if I was walking along somewhere. I looked to the right, and again saw movement; only this time it was inside a cave somewhere. I saw a pair of hands, and they contained a blanket with something inside. It was a person carrying something! The person went into a chamber and set the blanket down. The blanket was unraveled to reveal a small baby boy! I heard myself gasp even as I watched this sight. I turned again to the left passage and saw movement across a desert terrain, toward a small house. It was daytime, and a young couple was outside, working their farmland. I saw myself moving toward them as a four footed creature, only it was not me; it was the father! 
Quickly it crept in stealth up to the dwelling, up to a small crib where the infant lay. Deftly, the creature snapped the swaddled baby up in its jaws and sped away with it. I could hear the cries of the terrified parents giving futile chase far behind as the creature raced along with its bundle…
I blinked my eyes open and once again saw the passages before me. I felt myself trembling in fear of the vision I had just seen. Reluctantly I looked toward the right passageway and again saw an image of movement. The image was the baby; it lay there in its blanket. Then more movement, as the figure of the father walked away.
I stepped back away from the vision, almost breathless. My heart beat wildly at the notion that there was a baby here from the other world. What was it doing here? I felt uneasy about its fate.
I stepped out of the rock and was again on top of the hill. I looked toward the direction the father had gone, then began running downhill in the same direction, running for several minutes, looking for what I did not know exactly. At some point I stopped out of breath and looked around me. Then I felt a strong pulse in my left hand, and realized that I still held the crystal blade; I stared at it in amazement. I felt strong sensations coming through it, and they were apparently emanating from a particular rock close by. As I watched, I began to feel a hum in the air, the same one I had heard before. I felt a sudden urgency to hide, and when I did I soon saw the father emerge from the very same rock. Unaware of my presence, he hurried down the path. I waited until he was well out of sight and then ventured from my place. I went up to the rock and stuck the blade in, then walked through as easily as the other doorways. As soon as I entered I knew exactly where to go, thanks to the clear vision I had received. There was a chamber nearby and there the infant was lying in its blanket. I uncovered the boy and looked sweetly at him. He looked Navajo; he could not have been more than 6 or 7 months old. Was he real? I felt his cheek and the warmth of his belly. He stared at me and made sounds, though he did not cry. His arms and legs wiggled.
He was real enough but what on earth was he doing here? In answer, I stepped on a round object, which at first I thought was a rock. I heard it crack and bent down to pick it up. I examined it closely, but even in this darkness I needed no close examination to tell me that what I was holding was a skull bone of another infant! The implication made me tremble. I picked up the infant and held it close to my breast and looked around me expecting to see the father’s raging face charging at me. I knew what I wanted to do, what I had to do. I didn’t know if I would succeed. But at the moment that didn’t matter. I had to get this baby out of here. And now, thanks to the crystal blade, and thanks to the strange power that seemed to be arising latently in me, I had a direction in which to go.
I stepped back through the rock entrance cautiously, holding the infant, looking around for signs of the father, and then I hurried uphill toward the other doorway. I slipped the blade into the rock, took a deep breath and whispered, “Here we go, little one. Wish us luck!” and I stepped through as before. Inside I looked to the left passage and once again saw the image of the house. I walked in that direction and before too long stepped out of yet another rock. To my surprise I found myself up on the rim, where Freddy and I had first entered the canyon! This was the very rock we had gone through.
Something in me rejoiced at this simple knowledge, that I was seeing a pattern of some kind, that this strange land had a plan, had doorways that could be mapped and used for access to the “other” world. Looking beyond the rock I saw a distant hill, over which seemed to be the way out. Freddy had said the same thing. I cursed the fact that he was not with me right now; going back for him with the baby seemed too risky. I had to go on.
I hiked up the gently sloping hill with the baby. To my left was an impressive view of the canyon. I saw the winding river eventually disappear into the land where the Dark Walkers wandered. I hurried on and at the top of the hill I saw the beautiful desert of my other world stretching before me! My heart melted at the sight and I hurried on toward it.
I was so excited I could not contain myself. I screamed aloud. The sun was shining! The air smelled clean, fresh. The wind blew! Even the sound of my footsteps sounded different. I knew I was home again.
And yet, I looked ahead of me and had no idea in which direction to go with the baby. I knew what I was looking for but did not know how to get there. In answer, I had an inspiration. I took the crystal blade, knelt down and thrust the blade into the ground. At first it seemed that nothing happened. Then the sight in front of me blurred, and the scene changed. The house appeared! I knelt on the farmland several yards away from the house I had seen in the vision. 
I breathed a sigh of relief and wondered what to do next. Simply knock on the door and say, “Here’s your baby back?” Perhaps I would be blamed, arrested, tried for kidnapping? Whatever happened, I had to take the chance. I was returning the baby after all, and there would be no proof whatsoever that I had taken the boy.
I walked up to the small house, a simple dwelling. There was a Hogan several yards away. I saw no vehicles around. I knocked on the door, but there was no answer. I considered walking in when I was suddenly aware of a figure watching me from around the corner. “Hello!” I said aloud, “Who is that?”
I saw a little girl peek around the corner of the house. She looked about 10 or 11 years, thin, with a beautiful brown round face. Her eyes were filled with wonder, and some fear of me. “Don’t be afraid!” I said, “I won’t hurt you. Do you understand me?” She stepped around the corner, looking at me and the baby all the while, and nodded. I presented the baby. “Do you know this child?”
She nodded. “He is my brother.”
I felt a pang of emotion well up in my heart. “Where are your mother and father?” I asked. The girl pointed off to a distant house, about a mile away. “What is your name?” I asked. She replied in a Navajo name I did not understand. “And your brother?” Again, I did not understand the name. I smiled to myself at the irony. “Take your brother,” I said, “Hold him tightly; bring him to your mother and father. Quickly!”
She walked up to me and accepted the baby. She gave me a smile. “You came out of the rock,” she said, “Are you Changing Woman?”
“I am…” I started to give her my common name, then gave her my proper name instead, “I am…Anne J…I mean, I am Angie.”
Her face brightened. “Angie!...Angel!…You are an angel!” 
I hesitated to correct her perception. She took the baby and ran off toward the house where her parents were.
I saw a dirt road leading east toward the civilization I was familiar with. I looked back toward the direction I had come from. I wanted to walk down the road; my heart yearned for it. But I thought of Freddy and Willie. Though Willie’s fate was uncertain, I could not leave Freddy there, knowing I had now found the way out. I hefted the crystal blade in my hand. And now that I had the means, I could find my way out again…if, of course, I could get back in.
I made my decision and set off for the desert. When I had reached the point where I had crossed over, I knelt down and stuck the blade into the ground. I looked back and saw the girl watching me. Her image blurred, and I knew I was now out of sight to her. I retraced my steps reluctantly, but now I was grateful that I knew the way out. Freddy would be overjoyed to hear of this. 
I reached the chamber from where I had started, stuck the blade into the rock and walked through the doorway. Once again I was on the hill overlooking the river. I could see the tree bridge from where I was. I breathed a deep sigh and prepared to walk down.
Just then I heard a scream. It was a ghastly sound that sent shivers of goose bumps across my skin. I looked down the path in the other direction and saw the father screaming up at me. I quickly pulled the dagger out of the rock and sheathed it. I stared down at the father to see what his intentions were. For a moment he simply stared back at me, but I guessed what he wanted. Either he wanted me away from there, or worse, he knew I had taken the baby. I looked behind me and saw the path leading down toward the tree bridge by the river. I suddenly leaped down the path as fast as I could, making for it. I was a fast runner, but I knew I would not outrun the young man. I did not know what he planned to do if he caught up with me, but I was prepared to use the knife if I had to. As I ran I looked back and saw him already at the top of the hill, looking down at me. He looked angry, as always, and extremely suspicious. I slowed down my run to catch my breath, and for a few moments we simply eyed each other. Then he shrieked and began to run down the hill toward me with his incredible speed. I yelled and began running again as fast as I could. I was near the river, and by the time I reached it, the man was almost on me. I jumped into the river and began to cross. When I was halfway out I turned to look at him, and saw he was standing by the bank. I had figured he would not cross; I was right. But I knew it was not the water he was afraid of. I turned around again, and saw some Walkers appear in the near distance. I stayed where I was as they gathered on the bank. Again I turned back to the father, who seemed to be waiting to see what I would do. My anger flared up. “Go away!” I yelled, “Leave me alone, you bastard!”
He watched me with a slightly different expression. I picked up a rock from the riverbed and hurled it at him. “Go away!” I repeated. He moved easily out of its way. I gestured with my arms for him to leave. “Go away you disgusting, stupid angry man! Leave me alone!”
I picked up another rock and threw it at him, and gestured once again. He watched me with some hesitancy, it seemed, and also with some curiosity, for his own anger was quelled. I supposed the river had made him think twice about following. He gave me a piercing look that suggested he might come ahead after all, and just when he took one more step toward me I heard the cry of a wolf in the distance. And then I saw it in the distance atop a peak, a speck of a silhouette. The sound made me want to cry out in sorrow. The young man turned and saw the wolf also. He stood motionless, as if the cry of the creature had stirred a feeling of dread somewhere inside him. He remained still for a long time, longer than I would have expected of him. Then he turned and quickly strode away up the hill and soon disappeared over the top. My impulse was to follow him so that I would know how far to keep my distance, but I was shaking from the cold of the water and from fear. I wanted to go back to the hut to dry off, and tell Freddy what I had found. I also wanted to find this creature.
I decided not to go back the way I had come for fear of running into the father again. I took a similar route that Freddy and I had taken after the battle at the Tree Bridge, making my way in the direction of the creature’s appearance.
As I walked away I glanced back at the Walkers on the other side of the river. There were several of them standing still, watching me with their dark unexpressive empty eyes. I paused and stared back at them, wondering again who they were, how they got here, and what purpose they served by being here. In nature everything served a purpose, no matter how seemingly insignificant. But was this world a product of nature? Or was it actually some place existing outside time, somewhere between the folds of nature? A place between worlds? Was it a kind of purgatory, and these creatures lost souls waiting for a chance to be reborn in another world? If so, then who was in charge of that determination? The father? The grandfather? I saw them less as those in charge and more as those who were here by circumstance as well as I. Perhaps they had stumbled into this world a long time ago, so long ago that they had forgotten the existence of time, not aging in the way that Freddy had. Perhaps there were no “rules” of aging here.
It was doubtful I would ever know the answers. In the study of history, one could expect to uncover clues, but never the whole story. The truth must come in bits and pieces, and like a puzzle, assembled one piece at a time. 
I began walking again and suddenly wished Luis was here with a bottle of Scotch and a tent so we could spend hours talking about all of this and getting drunk and making love, and then start all over again. Even though the thought was appealing, I had a disturbing realization that I had to struggle to remember what Luis looked like.
#

35
Annie
A Sad Reunion

No sooner than I had continued on, I became aware of a dark figure on the horizon, standing on a rock close to the water up ahead. I had to squint to see it properly. It was the wolf creature. It stared at me with head slightly forward. I stopped to have a better look. We stared at each other for some time, as if each was waiting for the other to make the next move. I hesitated to go forward, for in this land nothing was as it seemed to be. I reached slowly into my pack for my binoculars, keeping my eye on the creature as I did so. There was no question that it was watching me. Would it attack? In normal environment it was unlikely, but here was another matter. I brought my binoculars out and had a look. The creature’s face came into closer focus, and now there was no doubt in my mind that I was looking at a black wolf. It stood so still and cool as it observed me. I naturally wondered where it came from, and thought how odd it was that the only animals here thus far were sheep and a wolf. Wolves traveled in packs; were there others around?  
As I brought the glasses down, the wolf turned and fled. I followed to where I had seen it but it had vanished. I observed tracks but beyond a certain perimeter of the immediate area I could not decipher a direction, as if the creature had made itself lighter than air or disappeared into rock. In this world one answer seemed just as likely as the next. I thought of the night when I had seen the tracks of a creature outside my tent and more questions and possibilities flowed through my mind. 
My inclination was to leave and rejoin Freddy. And yet, as I surveyed the area and felt visibly certain of my isolation, I felt strongly that I was not alone, that there were watchful eyes close by. Instead of turning back down the trail I had taken I sat down and waited silently, in full view. After long moments I became aware of light footsteps behind me, almost a whisper of a sound. When they stopped, I turned around, and there before me was the black wolf I had seen through the binoculars. Its head drooped down and its eyes stared into mine with a deep caution, reflecting my own uncertainty. I remained as still as possible, but inwardly I felt myself shaking. The animal was uphill from me, about twenty yards or so. It remained motionless, perhaps waiting for me to make the next move. I remained still, not for fear that it should attack me – I sensed no hostility from it at all – but for fear that it should run and hide, and then I might lose my chance to examine another life form in this world.
I was mesmerized by the gaze of its eyes. I saw familiarity in that look, after which I further perceived sadness. In that brief moment the creature went through a remarkable metamorphosis. For the briefest of moments the wolf became the image of Willie. His eyes looked at me with fondness. He seemed to be struggling to speak, and then I heard his voice, somewhat raspy, speak my name.
“Annie…”
I felt tears run from my eyes. I had found my Willie, and look what had become of him! I did not doubt for an instant that this was he. My anguished heart went out to him. “Oh Willie,” I whispered through my tears. “Can this be my brave Willie?” I started up the hill, and he backed away. “No! Don’t come any closer!” I froze where I was and sat down on the rock, tears streaming down my eyes. He gazed at me with soft eyes, and then transformed back into the wolf. He lay down with his head on his front paws and continued to stare at me. And I heard him speak to my thoughts. “Are you all right?” he said.
I nodded. “Yes, Willie.”
“Good.”
“What has happened to you, Willie?”
“I was not strong enough...”
I felt the heaviness in his thoughts, and I heard the name of Thunderwalker in my mind. “Oh Willie, I am so sorry. Why has he done this?”
“He is powerful. But he needs the living to keep himself alive.”
“The living…” I whispered.
“He goes after mostly children…and the young.”
“I don’t understand.”
“The sheep…are children taken from the other world.”
I felt myself trembling. “Why? What does he want with them?”
“Life. He wants to live! The life of a child will keep him alive longer than an adult.”
I felt a dizzying prickly sensation throughout my body. “Oh my God, Willie…What does he do with the sheep?”
“He takes their power. He raises them. He eats them.” 
I suddenly felt nauseous. I thought of the child I had returned to the other world, and felt hot tears of anger roll down my cheeks. “Willie,” I said, “I’ve found a doorway out of here. Come with me. We’ll break this spell.”
“You cannot break it…”
“I know we can…we’ve got to!”
“No…”
“Willie, won’t you please do it for me?”
“I can’t…” The wolf rose up and stared at me a moment longer. “I can’t…” Then it ran up the hill and disappeared. I watched him go and then felt myself collapse to the ground, resisting an urge to go after him. Instead I cried for him, cried for what seemed like hours, and I cursed the name of Thunderwalker, cursed this damned world of his, cursed the dagger that helped to bring me here, and cursed myself for all the reasons that brought me.
When I could think of nothing else to curse, I rose and began walking back down the hill. The foremost thought in my mind now was leaving.
I went back to the hut to find Freddy but he wasn’t there. I found him by the river smoking a cigar. I hastened to tell Freddy all that had happened. His face grew visibly excited with each piece of news I gave him. When I told him about Willie his face became grave. When I finished, he made a fist and slammed it against the ground, cursing to himself. I grasped his shoulder firmly. 
“Never mind Willie. We can’t help him now. Are you ready to go back, Freddy?”
He looked as eager as a child on Christmas Eve. “Si, Senora Annie. I want to go back immediately!”  
“So do I,” I said. “Let’s go pick up our gear at the hut.”
“And then vamos?” Freddy smiled.
“Si. Vamos!” I agreed.
We hiked back to the hut with a brisk pace. We were both ready to leave as soon as possible, although I wished that I could study this remarkable world under different circumstances, and especially to communicate with those who dwelt here. But then, I reminded myself, with the crystal blade, I could do just that. Perhaps, given the right time and circumstances, I might even return and bring Willie back…
As we passed by the field where the sheep were grazing, I stared forlornly at them, my heart grieving. I thought of the little boy and the old man, and I wondered what role they played in all of this, and then I realized that neither one of them was around. I stopped and surveyed the area. Freddy had a pensive look on his face, mirroring my own, I’m sure. “Everything looks the same,” he said, “but something seems different.”
“Yes,” I agreed, “But what? Nothing about the landscape is changed. It seems odd that our little Shepard boy and gardener are not around.”
Freddy nudged my arm and pointed to the flock. “Something is different,” he said, “Look.”
He was right. Where there were a dozen sheep before, now there were sixteen, plus… “Oh my God,” I said, “Freddy, four more sheep, plus three lambs!”
Freddy’s face took on a grim look. “Do you think we could take them with us?”
I shook my head. “I don’t know if it would break the spell.”
His jaw tightened. “Perhaps it is better if we kill them all now, instead of…”
Three little lambs were now wandering amidst the flock, meandering, grazing, and stumbling like newborns. My heart lifted and fell in that moment, seeing new life in this strange abysmal place. I smiled at them in spite of the fear I felt. “Oh, they’re darling,” I said. I felt tears trickle down my face.
Freddy took my arm gently. “Come, Senora. We can do nothing for them. They are like everything else in this world. They may not even be real.”
As I went along down the path, my mind troubled in thought, I realized Freddy was right. In spite of what I had experienced that day, there was no way to be certain as to what was real in this land and what was not. I felt like I was back to square one. 
I have died, and now I am between worlds, looking for the doorway to the next one...
No, you found the doorway out. You know the way home now. It was real; it happened.
Was this the way for all people when they died? When Indians of the desert died, did they wander around a desert land looking for the next world? When people in New York City died, did they wander around a strange city resembling New York, looking for the right bus or subway to take them to their next world? Was this the answer to what was happening to us?
If this is true, then when did I die?…
As we neared the hut I realized that it was already getting dark. It seemed only a few hours to me since I sat on the riverbank, writing my notes. Was time speeding up, I wondered? I saw smoke emanating from the smoke hole of the hut up ahead. Freddy noticed this too. “They will be inside,” he said. 
“I wonder how they will react to our leaving,” I pondered aloud.
“Do you think they will try to stop us?”
The thought had occurred to me. “The father might,” I said. “If anyone is going to react violently, it will be him.”
“And if he does?”
I stopped to pause on this, and then looked at Freddy in seriousness. “Freddy, we’re about to cross a bridge, and I don’t think there’s going to be any turning back. We may have to act swiftly and decisively. If we don’t we may not get another chance.”
He looked back at me and I could read in his face that he understood perfectly. He swallowed hard and nodded, looking like a man determined to walk through fire. “I am ready for whatever comes, Annie.” 
I smiled at him and grasped his shoulder gratefully. We continued on toward the hut. I went in through the opening and saw the old man and the boy sitting directly opposite, against the wall, instead of up close to the fire, as they usually did. My mind suddenly registered that something was wrong, but before I had a chance to react, a hand grabbed my shirt and pulled me violently into the room. I yelled out in surprise and fell forward to the ground. The wind was knocked out of me and for a moment I almost blacked out. I turned to see Freddy wrestling with someone. A figure came out of the shadows with a rifle and beat Freddy’s head with the butt end. Freddy moaned painfully and dropped to the ground. The figure kicked him cruelly in the stomach, and then walked into the light, though I recognized him even in the shadows. 
It was Johnny Bear Slayer.
#

36
Annie
The Return of Johnny Bear Slayer

He stood next to the fire and I saw the cold gleam in his eyes as he smiled. His crooked jaw seemed even more deformed than ever. “Hey, Doc,” he said, “It’s a small world.”
Bobby Three Ears and Jimmy Walks Like Rooster stepped out of the shadows into the light. They lifted Freddy by the arms and pulled him further into the room, dropping him next to me. Freddy groaned. I examined his head and felt my fingers wet with blood. “You bastard,” I said, “You didn’t have to do that.”
They sat down around the fire, moving slowly, as if each one of them was weary to the bone. No one answered me at first, as if they hadn’t heard. They sat and stared glumly into the fire, as if I wasn’t even there. I looked at each one of them, at their faces, and I realized something was different about them, and the difference soon became obvious.
Each one of them looked older, years older, than when I last saw them. I ventured a question. “What happened to you?”  My question fell into a void; no one answered. Looking into the faces of Bobby and Jimmy I saw weariness and despair written there. In Johnny’s face I saw a different look. Although his face looked older, he also seemed to have a more crazed look in his eyes, if that was possible. I felt a chill in my body as I looked at him, and I sensed that I must be more careful than ever, that he was, more than before, a man who would not be reasoned with. In each of their eyes I saw raw desperation, but in Johnny’s eyes I also saw a hunger for vengeance, against who or what I didn’t know, but when I repeated my question his eyes glanced to me and stared deeply into me as they had done long ago. His gaze was locked on me, and I shuddered inside with the thought that if there was vengeance on his mind that it was directed at me.
 “How long has it been Doc?”
I shook my head. “I don’t know, a couple of months maybe?”
He laughed tiredly. “A couple of months. Is that what you think? A couple of months?”
I shrugged. “How long do you think?”
“How long? It’s been years, Doc. Years! That’s how long we’ve been wandering around this damned place.”
“You…you got by the monster somehow.”
He stared at me as if he hadn’t heard me. I looked over at the old man and the boy. They sat huddled together; they boy’s face seemed to register some distant concern, but the old man seemed quietly removed, unaware of the danger he was in. Johnny Bear Slayer looked at them and asked “Any others around besides them?”
I was not keen on telling them about the father. “These are the only ones I know about,” I said, “How did you guys get here?”
“Shut the fuck up!” he yelled, “When it’s time for you to talk, I’ll let you know! So just keep your fuckin’ mouth shut.”
I stared at him with as much courage as I could muster, but inside I trembled. Freddy moaned; he seemed only half conscious. I looked around for some water. “Let me get him some water from the river.”
“Fuck him.”
“I want to clean his wound.”
Johnny Bear Slayer looked at Freddy with no more interest than he might have regarded an anthill.  “No,” he said.
“Then let one of them go,” I entreated.
“I could go Johnny,” Jimmy said, half getting up.
“Stay where you are,” Johnny ordered. Jimmy sat down. “Too far away,” he said, “We ain’t splittin’ up that long. Besides, it doesn’t matter anyway.”
 “Why not?” I asked.
“Because you’re going to die tonight. All of you are going to die tonight.” 
I felt a large knot tighten in my stomach. He leaned forward and sifted through Freddy’s pockets. He found a cigar in one of them, and smiling he lifted it up for the other two to see. He lit it.
“Why?” I said, “Why kill us?”
He puffed the cigar. Jimmy reached over for it eagerly and Johnny passed it to him. “Why!” I repeated, “Why kill us! We’ve done nothing to you!”
“Have to,” Johnny said, “It’s the only way out now. A sacrifice is the only way to get the power back.”
“What if it doesn’t work, Johnny?” I asked.
“Then we will die too. We will all leave this beautiful land together.” He laughed. The other two smiled in weak support. “It will work, Johnny,” Jimmy said, “It will work. We’ll be outta here tonight. Right Bobby?”
Bobby Three Ears did not respond. “Bobby,” I said, “You don’t really go along with this, do you?”
Bobby looked down, avoiding my eyes, and I knew he did not agree with it. “Bobby, you don’t want to do this. I know you don’t. He’s crazy. You don’t have to go along with it.”
“Shut up!” Johnny Bear Slayer thundered. He stood up and shoved me with his foot. “I told you to shut up! One more word and I’ll cut out your fuckin’ tongue!”
I looked again at Bobby, but he stared into the fire. I realized then that he would go along with it even if he did not want to. He had weakened; Johnny’s hold on him was strong. “We’re wasting time,” Johnny said, “Let’s get ready. We’ll start with those two, then her.”
“What about Freddy?” Jimmy said.
Johnny puffed the cigar and rested his foot on Freddy’s stomach. “Maybe we’ll take Freddy with us; maybe we won’t. I don’t know yet. What do you think, Freddy?” Freddy tried to speak but it came out as a weak, muffled moan.
At that moment there was a sound that interrupted everything and silenced us all, an unmistakable sound whether in this world or the one we all came from. It was the cry of a wolf. Its howl sliced through the room and entered every crevice in my body, making me tremble outwardly. I hoped no one would notice, for I did not want these men to see my fear. And yet I could not help but notice that Jimmy and Bobby were trembling also. Johnny’s face revealed his fear, though he contained it well. For those few moments all was quiet except for the howling of the distant creature. The old man sat like the Sphinx, staring into infinity, and I wondered if he was even aware of the sound. The young boy huddled closer to him.
Johnny looked defiantly toward the direction of the howl, but I could tell he was unnerved by the sound.  “Hey, how about that? There seems to be a wolf in the area. That’s a new one.”
“I don’t like the sound of that, Johnny.”
“Me either,” Bobby said, “It is not a good omen.”
“We haven’t seen or heard a wolf in a long time, Johnny. I think Bobby’s right.”
“He is out for blood,” Bobby said. 
“Well so are we,” Johnny said.  
“It is not a good sign,” Bobby said again.
“Relax. Tonight there’s gonna be plenty of blood to go around.” Johnny looked at me when he said this. “Tell you what,” he said, “Take Freddy outside. We’ll give him a fighting chance. For old times sake, right buddy?” He kicked him in the stomach again. Freddy groaned sickly, and I felt the blow in my own gut as if Johnny had kicked me. Tears rolled from my eyes. “Take him out by that herd of sheep out there. We’ll let the wolf take his pick, fresh sheep or fresh Freddy!”
“Johnny,” Bobby said, “I don’t think this is such…”
“Do it!” Johnny thundered, his hand grasping Bobby’s neck. Bobby choked for a moment, his hands suddenly clasping his throat, trying to release the grip, his eyes widening, his lungs gasping for air. “We’re all going to die, compadre,” Johnny said, “You want to die now or later? It’s up to you.”
Bobby nodded acquiescence. Johnny released his hold and slapped his shoulder in friendly fashion. “Take him out.”
“Sure, Johnny, sure,” Jimmy said, grabbing one of Freddy’s arms, “We’ll take him. Come on, Bobby.”
Bobby grabbed Freddy’s other arm, and together they dragged him outside. Johnny sat down and continued smoking his cigar, staring at the old man with a cold ruthless expression. The old man seemed to stare past him. His lips were moving slightly. “He knows,” Johnny said, “He knows there’s death in the air. He’s singing his death song.” He looked over at the boy, who stared back at him vacantly. “You better do like him, boy, and sing your death song too.”
“Don’t do this,” I implored him, “You don’t have to do this!”
Johnny puffed his cigar, then spat into the fire. “You don’t know nothin’,” he said. He reached for another piece of wood and put it in the fire pit; it caught at once. “Don’t you know by now that death is the only release from this place?”
“I don’t believe that!” I said, “I can get us out of here. I know where there’s a doorway.”
Johnny laughed. “I can get us out of here too. I also know where there is a doorway...now.”
“Where is this door?” I said.
“I’m looking right at it,” he said, “It’s you, Doc! It’s always been you. You’re the doorway here. My problem here started with you, that damn day I first met you and you touched me with that power of yours. You did something to me. I should’ve realized it that day and done something to take care of it before I came over here. That was my fault. I should’ve done something about it then, but I didn’t. So I’m gonna do something about it now.” 
 “You’re mistaken, Johnny. It wasn’t me. I’m not powerful; I had nothing to do with that. I had no intention of doing anything to you.”
He let out a laugh. “Let me explain something to you, Doc.  That doesn’t matter, whether you wanted it or not. Some white people are very powerful, only they don’t know it, kinda like you. Now when you don’t know it, that’s lucky for me, because you could have killed me that day when I first saw you. But that’s also a bad thing, because you don’t know what you’re doin’, and when you get around a person who’s got some real power, like me, things get fucked up, like wires getting’ crossed. That’s what Bobby Three Ears says. Like wires getting’ crossed. That’s you and me.”
“But if you are that powerful, Johnny” I entreated, “You don’t have to worry about someone whose power is smaller than yours. It doesn’t make sense.”
He nodded. “You’re right, Doc. It doesn’t make sense. Nothin’ in this world makes any sense. The ways of power don’t make any sense; but they work. Do you know where a man’s real power is in his body?”
I didn’t answer; I stared back at him. “In his heart,” Johnny said, “That’s where a man’s power is.” He thumped his chest. “His heart! Warriors knew this long ago. When they defeated an enemy they cut out his heart and ate it to take his power.”
I felt a lump in my throat. He pulled a small vial from his pocket and held it up. “Know what this is, Doc?”
I shrugged. I didn’t want to know.
“It’s corpse powder. The charred remains of a man, ground into a fine powder. Do you know what it’s used for?”
I stared at him grimly. I knew.
‘All I have to do is sprinkle this on someone, or put it in their food, and their spirit is trapped. I can paralyze someone with this stuff. Not for too long, maybe. But long enough to cut out their heart. Just imagine, Doc. They can’t move an inch. But they can hear me, and they can see, and they can still feel everything, even my knife going into their chest.”
I tried to remain calm. “You think you’re going to get out of here by killing me? By eating my heart?”
He nodded. “That’s right. We’re gonna do a little blood ceremony here, right in this cozy little Hogan.”
I felt the dagger in my belt pressing against my lower back. With Johnny alone here, this might be the only chance I would have. I would have to make a run for it. But what about the old man and the boy? I could not leave them at the mercy of this beast. 
I would have to kill him… It was the only way… I had to try.
“Johnny,” I said, “Listen to me. I’ve discovered the way in and out of here, just like you did. I found a key.” I raised myself on my elbows and managed to grab the dagger from behind me.
He stared at me, not believing me, of course, and even as I said those words, I realized that he might be correct about wires getting crossed. Perhaps I was the reason. Something happened to bring me into this land, and also Willie, with whom I had contact. And Johnny. Perhaps I was the one responsible. The visions and dreams I’d had seemed to indicate that I had long ago possessed a power of some kind. Freddy had brought it back to me. But how could I use it now? I had no conscious control over it. How might I use it to save myself?  
“A key?” Johnny laughed.
“Sure, Johnny, every door has to have a key right? Well, I’ve got it. And I know how to use it.”
Johnny leaned forward. “Yeah? Well, let’s see this key.”
When he leaned forward I kicked out with my right foot as hard as I could and connected with his jaw. I felt strong firm resistance but I kicked again. He groaned and moved back out of the way. With this margin of time I leaped up with the unsheathed dagger in my right hand and leaped for him. His eyes grew bigger when he saw my intent. He tried to move further away, but I thrust the dagger into his ribs up to the hilt, a few inches from his heart. He yelled out. I tried to pull the blade out but it stuck fast and he moved away. He raised himself to his knees and I backed away, adrenaline coursing through my body. “Goddamit!” he hissed through his teeth. He grabbed the dagger and pulled it out with another yell. Blood spewed out from the wound. He glared at me with the eyes of a bloodthirsty animal, and I knew this might very well be my last moment in this world. He held up the blade. “I remember this dagger,” he said hoarsely, “and I know how to use it too.”
He jumped forward and I shirked back expecting his blow. But instead, he pounced on the old man, plunging the dagger just below the old man’s sternum and thrusting upward. The old man’s eyes winced close and his mouth opened, but no sound came out, as if his old lungs were too weak to utter even a sound of pain. He collapsed to the ground and Johnny Bear Slayer sliced him open from the ribcage to his abdomen. The boy jumped back toward the wall of the hut and looked frightened for the first time upon seeing this horror. I tried to scream but nothing came out; I felt sick in my stomach. 
Johnny looked at me through eyes that seemed completely cold, black and inhuman, like a snake. Then he looked over to the boy and I screamed out “No! Leave him alone!” I reached out for the boy and held him tightly and protectively behind me. He was as light as a pillow and completely unresponsive. Johnny moved closer.
Bobby and Jimmy stormed through the entrance. “Johnny!” Bobby said, “We got company. Something’s comin’!…” Bobby and Jimmy looked upon the old man’s body with subdued horror. “Goddam,  Johnny…” Bobby said.
“Johnny, you’re bleedin’ pretty bad,” Jimmy said.
He looked at them as if drunk with madness, which I believe he was at that moment.
A bloodcurdling yell rang out, sending shivers up my spine, as the father burst through the door, looking as if every demon in hell had entered his body. His eyes were red with fire and I could have easily imagined fire coming from his mouth with his hot breath.
Bobby and Jimmy shirked away, but Johnny brought up a handful of corpse powder and blew it into the man’s face. The father yelled and advanced, but the powder seemed to take him unawares. For a moment he weakened in his steps. Jimmy stepped behind him and swung the rifle butt against his skull as if it were a baseball bat. Bobby tackled him at the same time, and the father went down. Johnny fell on top of all of them. Jimmy was swinging with the rifle over and over. I saw the dagger blade come up, then down, then again, and again.
I was paralyzed with horror. I tried to tell myself to move, but all I could manage was to keep the boy behind me. Then I noticed a strange reddish fog rolling in through the entrance. I looked beyond the door and saw that it was thicker outside. Seeing this weird fog awakened me and propelled me into action. I grabbed the boy’s hand and bolted up for the entrance; he was so light I could have carried him with one hand. I charged through the doorway and into the fog, dragging him along with me.
I wasn’t sure where to escape to on this island, but at the moment all that mattered was we were free. I wanted to get to Freddy and see what his condition was. I kept along the path which I felt would take us to the sheep pasture where they had taken him, but the red fog was getting thicker and heavier. I looked around me; it was everywhere. It was cold also, and watching it swirl in and around with no breeze in an unnatural way gave me an uneasy feeling. I had the sense that this fog had taken on a life of its own and forebode something terrible, like everything else in this land. Had I escaped from one danger only to once again fall into another? And yet I sensed that, evil as it seemed to be, this fog might be my liberator.
I stopped suddenly when I heard the sounds of terrible cries coming from within this reddish cloud, coming from all around me. There was something so familiar about the sounds, and yet so new and terrifying, like the sound of a thousand newborn babies crying for their mothers, and the sound of an approaching windstorm, and also like…
Like the sound of shrieking…
I heard something run past me. I screamed and whirled around; nothing was there. Again I heard something, the pounding of footsteps, in the other direction this time. I saw nothing. The fog was thick enough to shield anyone at least six feet away. I felt the boy’s hand in mine and started to run, and was suddenly overcome by a body tackling me. I groaned and hit the ground, feeling the wind being sucked out of my lungs. “Hey Doc, where you going? The party’s just starting.” It was Jimmy. Another dark figure emerged through the fog. Bobby Three Ears grabbed my arms; I let go of the boy and watched him disappear into the fog. “C’mon Doc,” Bobby said, “Let’s get this over with, so we can all go home.”
Jimmy laughed. “Yeah, Doc. So we can all go home.” They pulled me up roughly to my feet, each holding one of my arms, and through the fog now came the limping wounded shadowy figure of Johnny Bear Slayer, and as he hobbled closer, I could see blood on his arms, and on the dagger that he still clasped in his hand. This dagger, I knew, was now meant for me; there would be no preliminaries. I gritted my teeth and hoped it would be quick and painless.
Jimmy and Bobby stretched my arms tight and the pain of the stretch sent a fiery sensation through my body and I felt myself go taut and stiff. It was not pain that I felt, but the sensation was so overwhelming I could feel nothing else. Something was moving through me, and I knew now what it was. It was the power surging through me. I had no idea what was going to happen next, but I knew I could do nothing to stop it. At the very least, I hoped, it would numb the pain of the blade. And then I suddenly went limp. I felt Jimmy and Bobby struggling to hold me up, and then Johnny told them to lay me down and they did.
I felt removed from my body, and able to see myself on the ground. Just then the sounds of shrieking grew louder…closer, and I felt the tremble in Bobby’s arms. More than that, I felt what was happening in his body, and I saw through his eyes.
He looked up from me and stared into the fog. He was frightened, deathly frightened. I could sense sweat rolling down his back. He looked up at Johnny. “We gotta get out of here, Johnny. Now!”
“Stay where you are,” Johnny ordered. “Once we finish this we’ll be protected.”
Bobby shook his head. “No man, you’re wrong.” He jumped up. “You’re wrong!” He began running down the path.  I could hear Johnny calling after him, and Bobby kept running. 
He didn’t get far. He stopped and pulled out his sling. He picked up a rock and twirled it around. He heard a noise coming toward him, the sound of running footsteps, then a piercing shriek like a war cry, and a fiery reddish shadow leaped at him out of the fog. He felt something sharp rip his throat, and he was aware of blood flowing down his shirt, and a brief choking sensation. And just before he fell to the ground he realized he was already a dead man…
Jimmy was trembling. I was now seeing through his eyes also. He stood up looking after Bobby who had run away. He began to run after him, but Johnny held him fast. “Let him go,” Johnny said.
“He’s right, Johnny, we better get out of here any way we can.”
Johnny grabbed him with both hands. I felt the roughness of his grip. “You idiot! Haven’t you learned anything from me? We can’t get away from this. We have to protect ourselves.”
Suddenly the energy returned to me. While they argued I shot upright and took off in a run through the fog. I heard them yelling behind me, and I knew they were following. I ran along the path because it was the only familiar ground with which I could gain some speed. I leaped over a body that I knew was Bobby Three Ears. I kept going.
I hoped the boy was all right, and that Freddy was still alive. At the moment there was no time to check on either of them. Somehow I had to save myself first. I ran on and on, and before too long I came to the river. I didn’t know where to go from here, but I felt safer following the water.
I noticed the fog was not as thick here, and soon Johnny and Jimmy emerged. When they began to advance I heard the sound of the wolf again. They heard it too; they looked around them. “Never mind,” Johnny said, “Let’s finish this.”
Jimmy came charging for me, but out of the fog leaped a giant grotesque looking figure, black and hairy with gaping jaws and reddish eyes. Jimmy saw it leap for him and he yelled in horror. But only a brief sound came out for the creature grabbed him by the throat in its huge powerful jaws and shook him effortlessly back and forth. Jimmy’s neck snapped with the powerful thrusts, and his body went limp immediately. His limbs dangled lifelessly as if he were made of straw. The body crumpled to the ground, and the wolfish creature dropped the severed head from its mouth. It landed in the sand making a dull thump sound; the lifeless eyes stared upward. 
Johnny came straight for me but his wound had weakened him; his footing slipped on the bank and he went down. The dagger flew out of his hand and landed in front of me. He lunged for it but I retrieved it first. The wolf creature advanced. Johnny backed away toward the water. The creature came closer. Johnny plunged into the river and swam for the other side. He climbed up on the bank, gasping for breath, and held the wound in his side. It was still bleeding.
The wolf walked up to me. I held my hand out to it, and said, “Willie…” It nudged my hand affectionately with its nose and looked into my eyes. Then its ears perked up and it looked past me. I looked over in that direction and I felt the presence of something coming toward us. So did the wolf. It cast one more look at me and then backed away into the fog. I stared after it, watching in amazement. It was still watching me just before it disappeared completely. 
Johnny watched me from the other side of the river with a pained expression on his face and loathing in his eyes. His lips spoke silently and he made feeble movements with his hands, a motion of flicking something toward me, and I realized that he was attempting to cast a spell on me. I felt my body shaking somewhat and tried to fight it off. I felt his energy and mine clashing. All the while, he was so intent that he was unaware of movement behind him, creatures emerging from the blackness, the Dark Walkers, silently and quickly, more numbers than I could count. When he was finally aware of their presence it was too late. A large one was already on him, and I felt Johnny’s energy severed. He screamed as the large mouth of the Walker descended and completely swallowed the top of his head. I watched his body thrash helplessly, trying to break away. I knew he was already a goner. Even if I had wanted to help him I could do nothing at this point. Three of them now had him in their grasps and were already widening their mouths. One of them now covered his face and was already sucking the life from him. I saw Johnny’s body jerk for air, and then jerk again several times, and each time his body became thinner until after a time there was nothing left except a hollow shell of leathered skin. The Walkers backed away, leaving the remains lying in a lifeless clump. His shriveled body was all that remained there. 
I felt the dagger still in my hand. I put it back in the sheath and tucked it in my belt behind me. I looked into the reddish fog, and saw that it was lifting. As it did so I was aware of two things. One was that my knees now felt extremely weak, and I collapsed to the ground. The other was that I knew I was going to pass out, and I could do nothing to stop it. Just before I blacked out I saw another figure emerging from the mist.
It was the little boy!
I felt exhaustion overtaking me, yet I struggled to keep my eyes on the approaching youth. As he came closer, his shadowy silhouette suddenly elongated into the figure of an old man, an Indian, wearing only a thin leather loincloth. His hair was as white as snow. His weathered skin hung on his thin bones, but he still looked strong and healthy for such age. I could hear a cackle of laughter coming from him as he slowly and steadily approached me in his bare feet. I knew him, for I had seen him before.
But before I could make any sign of recognition, the dizziness swallowed me, and I fainted, falling into cool swirling darkness, not tumbling over and over uncontrollably, but simply plunging down, as one would jump from a cliff, and I could feel the wind on my body, blowing my hair all around. I did not mind.
It felt wonderful.
#
37
Annie
The Cavern

I slept deeply, floating forever in a dreamless void, serenely lying in a state where normal laws of time and space do not exist, and yet are only a blink and a breath away… 
I heard confusing noises; they lasted for hours, days, longer. There was the sound of a buzzing fly. There was a raven high up in the distance, not cawing, but making clucking sounds. I could hear its movements within rustling tree branches. Perhaps it was trying to eat some juniper berries. It seemed so far away...
I've been sleeping, and now I'm waking...or else I am still asleep and now I'm dreaming...Which is it?...
I felt warmth on my cheek. The Sun? Was it the Sun? Was it was the feel of the morning sunlight come to awaken me? It was a snug familiar feeling. I could see golden light streaming in through my bedroom window. A gentle wisp of a breeze rippled my sheer white curtains. It was a new summer day, and a robin was singing somewhere nearby, just outside my window. My pillow was soft and warm and wonderful. The pillowcase was old and worn in spots, but it smelled crisp and clean as newly washed hair. I could see a magnificent billowy cloud high in the sky, pure white, forming different shapes. I could hear the steps of my mother, coming to awaken me for breakfast. Oh what a wonderful dream I had to tell her!...
I opened my eyes; all the images disappeared. I was in partial darkness and was aware of moving shadows on a wall of rock. I heard a crackling fire behind me. I turned over and saw it about six feet away; I felt its warmth. There was a pile of small branches next to the fire. A blanket covered me. I looked up and saw a ceiling of rock about twenty feet above me. 
I was in a cave.
I sat up and looked around. There was a small opening leading out into another cavern. I was in an area about the size of a large bedroom. A couple of feet away lay my pack, to my surprise and relief. I took off the blanket and checked myself for injuries. Nothing was broken, though I felt bruised; I stood up and ventured toward the opening. What I saw beyond looked chillingly familiar.
Once again I was in the lair of the Tchindi.
“You are awake, young woman,” a deep throaty voice said. Alarmed I spun around and saw an old man sitting cross-legged by the fire, the one whom I had seen wearing the scanty cloth. I was astonished that I had not noticed him when I awoke. “That is good,” he said. “You slept for a long time.”
“Who are you?”
Instead of answering at first, he simply stared at me, and I saw the reflection of the fire in his eyes. His gaze was piercing, though not unfriendly in my judgment, and yet there seemed a “mischievous” twinkle in his eyes. His mouth was almost a smile, but not quite. His wrinkled face and body bore the weight and scars of countless years, eons of time. He was familiar looking; I had seen him before. “Who are you?” I asked again.
“I am…Sam, like U.S….Uncle Sam!” he cackled a laugh at his own joke, and I recognized him from the trading post. I could not remember how long ago that was; it might have been years. “Sam,” I said, “yes, I remember you.”
“Come and sit, young woman,” he said. He motioned to the blanket next to him. As I stood in the opening I considered running into the dark open spaces of the labyrinth behind me. But I had a strong feeling that the Tchindi was close by. I knew my chances of escape were far too slim to warrant such a bold move, and I also did not want to leave without my pack.  
 In answer, I heard movement deep within the darkness, and a low guttural noise. Sam watched the fire devouring the dry wood as if he were completely unattached to my response, knowing, I suppose, that I had little choice in the matter. I went back to the blanket and sat. I felt the dagger still tucked behind my belt, concealed by my shirt. It gave me a small measure of security in knowing that I had some defense at my disposal. 
“Are you hungry?” he asked. I considered whether or not I was; I nodded. He reached behind him into the dark and produced a portion of flat bread and a small jug of liquid, which I guessed to be water. I was certain they had not been there before, but I was losing my inclination to be surprised in this world. I broke off a piece of bread and ate it; it was good. The liquid was indeed fresh water. I ate in silence for a few moments; Sam watched the fire as I ate, and in his expression I observed no curiosity. Was this really the same man I had seen at the trading post?
“Who are you?” I asked again. He looked at me after I asked, and I added, “I have a feeling Sam is not your real name.”
He smiled. “I have many names. Do you not also have many names?”
“Yes, I suppose I do have a few. But I have one name that I use most often. It is Annie.”
He nodded. “Annie. Yes.”
“What is the name you use the most?” I asked.
“I have told you Sam so that you would remember me, but I do not use names anymore,” he said, “There is no need. To name a thing is to put it in a box. To name a thing is to weaken its power.”
“I don’t understand.”
He held up the jug and swirled the liquid around. “The power of water is strong,” he said, “A river carries away stone and sand, and cuts the canyons deep and wide.” He poured a small amount on the ground. “But put the water into a container, and it weakens its power to make canyons.”
“What does that have to do with your name?” I said.
He put the jug down and continued watching the fire as if I were not there. I observed the wet rock and contemplated his words; I completely understood what he meant. But because of my anthropological mind, or perhaps my white upbringing, I felt a need to debate in some way. “Perhaps the power is the same,” I suggested, “Only changed in some way.”
He looked into my eyes and nodded; he seemed pleased with this statement. “This is so. It must join with the source again to regain its true power.” 
“Isn’t there true power in a man’s name?”
I saw his eyes narrow slightly as he contemplated my question. “To give a man a name is like putting water in a jug.”
“Doesn’t it give a man an identity?”
“It gives a man limits.”
There was a long pause in which both of us seemed drawn into the fire, hypnotized by it. I felt incapable of speaking at first, as if my mouth were held fast by an unseen hand. My gaze went into the fire, and the longer I stared into it the more I felt I was surrounded by it, in danger of being consumed by it, yet it did not burn me. I then “drew back” until once again I was facing the fire from where I sat. I wondered at the strange illusion. My voice returned after a long while.
“Why are we here, Sam?”
He gave me the same blank smile even as the fire began to die out and he faded into the darkness of the cave. I was startled and called out to him. He did not answer, and I reached out to feel him, but he was gone. In my excitement I accidentally put one of my hands into the fire pit. 
But there was no heat from the embers. In fact, there were no embers. There was only a dark empty pit, as cold as if there had never been a fire there.
#

38
Annie
The Prisoner

I sat for a long time with my arms around my knees. I felt cold, but eventually I realized it was not so much the cold making me shiver, but fear from being in complete darkness. Even after a long spell of sitting in the cave my eyes were only marginally used to the dark. I spent a long portion of time – an hour? Maybe two? I didn’t know – just calming myself by breathing slowly. It helped. After a time I began to feel more courage, more in control. I stood up and ventured blindly toward the opening with my arms outstretched. I found it, and as soon as I stood in the entrance I began to hear once again the distant sounds of the beast in the darkness. Making sure I could quickly return to the cave, I ventured out and stayed along the wall as a test. Immediately I heard heavy steps running toward me in the darkness, and I hurried back to the cave, hearing the scraping of rock on the other side of the opening. The taste of dust entered the room, attesting to the beast’s closeness. I quickly made my way back to the fire pit and sat down on the blanket once again. 
There could be no doubt now that I was a prisoner, Sam was my jailer, and this beast was the guard.
#

39
Annie
Not the Same

There was little else to do for the moment except wait. In time I slept again. I had no idea how long I was out, but when I awoke the fire was blazing again, and Sam sat nearby, watching me. “You are awake, young woman,” he said.
“Yeah,” I said, “I’m awake.” I sat up and stared coldly back at him. “We’re both awake. And here we are. Now what?”
He produced some food once again from the darkness. “Eat,” he said, “and we will talk.”
I took a piece of flat bread and ate it. It was warm, and it was good; in fact it was incredibly good. I ate my fill and drank some water. The water tasted sweet, not bland as it had in the other part of the land. Was this real, I wondered, or was this in itself some trickery? After I finished I said, “I don’t suppose you have any cigarettes on you?”
He smiled. “Tobacco?” he said. “Yes, tobacco,” I answered. In reply he reached behind him and held up a pack of cigarettes – Camels! He tossed them over and I lit one. It tasted rich and glorious!  Though I didn’t want to admit it, I felt grateful.
“You aren’t the same man I saw at the trading post, are you?” I remarked cynically. For a long while he kept staring at me, and I finally looked away, smoking in silence. In answer he cackled a laugh and clapped his hands sharply, making me jump, and then he became silent, his expression neutral. The firelight flickered in response, creating dark shadows around him, and in the shadows a remarkable transformation took place; suddenly in place of the old man was now the young shepherd boy, and yet he spoke in Sam’s voice. “Nothing is the same,” he said, “All that you see is not the same; all that you see changes.” The boy then metamorphosed back into the figure of Sam as I watched transfixed. “Are you the one I spoke to that day at the trading post?” I asked uneasily.
“I am, I am not,” came his reply.
“Are you Thunderwalker?” I asked.
He yelled, a sharp piercing cry. The fire roared and then died out immediately. Sam disappeared into the darkness, and once again I was alone. But not quite alone.
I still had the cigarettes, and a pack of matches. 
Again I waited; I slept; I smoked and waited; I slept again.
#
40
Annie
You Are Not Like the Others

He reappeared again in the same manner. He gave me food, and I ate. I drank. I smoked a cigarette; it was my last. He produced another pack. Inwardly I marveled at this, for I had not told him my brand of cigarettes. There was something peculiar about this singular anomaly. For now I accepted them. I sat and smoked, and waited for him to make the next move.
For a long time he stared at the fire. His eyes squinted slightly as if he was considering something. At length he said, “Many times I have heard that name,” he said, “but this name has no more meaning to me.” 
At first I stared at him uncomprehending, but then I realized he was answering my question about the name Thunderwalker.
“You were this man?”
He turned his head toward me and as I saw the firelight reflected in the pupils of his eyes, I became mesmerized, and I imagined that I was looking at the images of several fires at once. “I was,” he said, “I was many.” He closed his eyes and breathed deeply, as if trying to recall, or maybe it was that he was trying to forget. Then he opened his eyes again and regarded me. “You are not like the others,” he said.
“Which others?” I asked.
“Many others,” he said.
“What about Freddy and Willie? What has become of them?”
He looked slightly askance, as if he did not comprehend my question, or was avoiding it. He shook his head. “There have been many. All have rejoined the source, like the water.”
“Do you mean they are dead?”
He shook his head again. “When a man dies he opens a door that leads to another life, or he walks the land of emptiness.” 
“The land of emptiness…like those creatures out there? The Dark Walkers?”
He nodded. “They are empty souls, seeking to be filled.”
“Is Johnny Bear Slayer one of them now?” 
He gave a smile and a chuckle, and the little boy reappeared. “The Slayer,” he said with a sound of glee in his voice. “A man of great power, but unrealized. Too blinded by his hatred.”
The fire roared upward. I watched it rise up and up, until it had almost reached the ceiling, and then it began to die down. “Many times has he come here, seeking to find me, to take power that was never his, rather than seek his own. That is why he failed.”
“And so you destroyed him.”
“He destroyed himself.”
“But you trapped him here.”
He shook his head, and the old man reappeared. “His own greed trapped him.”
“What about the others?”
He stared into the fire with glassy eyes; he seemed reluctant to answer. “How many others have there been?” I asked.
Again he shook his head, and I inferred that he did not know. I asked him, “Where are we, Sam?”
He looked at me as if he did not comprehend. He smiled.
 “Is this your world, Sam? Of your own making?”
Now the father appeared, and then metamorphosed into the old man, and then both disappeared. Once again, all was dark and silent.

*     *     *

When the fire died I had to force myself to be calm and again adapt to the darkness. Though it was a challenge, each time it became marginally easier. I used my breath to do this, focusing my attention on the sound of my breathing, as the Buddhists do. In this way I avoided going insane, or perhaps I should say completely insane, for I no longer knew for sure if I was mentally intact. Could one witness all that I had seen in this land and still be sound in mind?
#

41
Annie
The Blade & the Power

Hours passed…
The fire reappeared and again he sat in his place, and I waited for him to speak. At length he said, “Once this was my home.”
I kept silent and watched him carefully for any clues that might help me in any way.
“All things change,” he said, “All is power. Greater power draws lesser power to itself.”
“I don’t know what you mean by that.”
He smiled and picked up the jug of water. Dipping his fingers into the liquid he then placed a single drop onto a flat rock. I expected the rock to absorb the liquid but it did not. The drop lay on the rock in the form of a tiny unbroken puddle. Again he dipped his fingers and placed a drop on the rock, so close to the puddle that it became absorbed by it. Then a third time he placed a single drop on the rock. The first two combined drops, now a larger puddle, immediately sucked the third one to itself.
I stared at the droplets of merged water on the rock until they evaporated with the heat of the fire. Then I looked up at Sam and said, “Now what?”
He smiled and clapped his hands. The fire roared upward briefly. It jolted me somewhat, though I tried not to show alarm. “What is the greater power?” I asked. He did not answer, but continued to observe me. I heard the movements of the Tchindi outside in the blackness of the labyrinth. The sounds came closer, as close as I ever heard them. I could feel the vibration of its movements through the rock. It was unsettling.
“What is that thing out there?”
Sam looked away for a moment, and I detected a look of sadness in his eyes. “It is the beast that lives in all men.”
“That?…That is the beast that eats all men!” I said, not trying to be flippant. “That beast has killed many people.”
Sam nodded. “It is so.”
“Including babies?”
I wanted to measure his response to this. None came. His silence seemed only to affirm the question. I meant to ask again, but something held me back. The burning fire mirrored the anger in my heart. “Doesn’t that bother you?” I cried out, determined to have an answer.
“Its nature is to survive, like any man. Like you.”
“No! That is not a man! It is not human.”
“It is part of a man. It is the essence of his power; it is what drives a man on when the man can go no further without summoning the reserves of his strength.”
“It is a ravenous beast that kills and devours! Where is the power in that?”
“The beast makes a man strong. If a man controls the beast, he will be powerful. But if he does not, the beast will devour him.”
“It has not devoured you. Do you therefore control it?”
He stared at me as if he did not comprehend the question. Then he looked past me for a long time. I suddenly felt I was looking into the face of a man who had long ago lost all ability to reason. “Can it be killed?” I asked.
Now the look of sadness on his face seemed unmistakable. “I have never tried to kill it,” he said.
“Why? Are you not the greater power?”
He was silent. 
“Is that the greater power?” I asked. 
Again only his silence responded.
“Is it greater than you?”
He looked at me as if he were about to confess a grave sin. “I do not know.”
I looked at him with growing irritation. “I don’t believe you,” I said. In frustration I smoked a cigarette and tried to keep calm. After a while I said, “Why are we here, Sam?”
For a long time there was an unearthly silence except for the sound of the flames burning… burning…and I was not sure if he had heard me. All the while he stared at me. I felt a brief sensation of suffocation and panic. I wondered if he was causing it. I tried to avoid his gaze, but my eyes flowed into his like a stream into a pond. When our eyes met, I knew that he had heard. And in the instant before he finally spoke, I knew why we were here. He said, “What was taken must be returned.”
I felt a chill run through me with these words. I again tried to avoid looking him in the eyes, but it was impossible. Our eyes seemed riveted together. “If what was taken is returned, will you let me go?” I asked, trying to disguise guilt in my voice.
“I cannot,” he said.
“Surely you can,” I said, “You can show me the way out of here.”
“I cannot,” he repeated.
“Why not?” I asked.
“You will never leave here.”
These ominous words cut deep into my heart, and I felt my breath escape. A shiver ran through me. “I have the blade,” I said.
He nodded. “You have the blade,” he said, “And so you know of its power.”
There was no hiding this fact. This much I realized. “It is true,” I said, “I believe the blade’s power saved my life.”
He nodded. “It may be the power of the blade. Or it may be your own. Which is the greater?”
I was surprised to hear these words, and also confused. What did he mean by that?  My own…power? I wondered if he knew more about my past than I did. He stared at me, through me, as if he were deciphering my life page by page. “I don’t understand,” I said.
He smiled slightly, though his look seemed to betray more impatience than before.  “Greater power and lesser power…always they are in conflict.”
“What if I do not return the blade?” I said, “Maybe I will keep the blade and find my own way out of here. Maybe I will give it back to the man who gave it to me.”
He smiled slyly. “The blade was not given to you,” he said, “Just as it was not given to him who took it from me. It must be returned by him. The power of the blade draws you in, as it will draw him in too. Neither of you shall leave this place.”
“He is not here,” I said, “How can he return the blade if I have it? How can he return the blade if you do not let me go so that I may give it to him?” 
“What was done is done,” he said firmly.
I extended the blade out. “Here,” I said, “Take the blade and be done with it! I will speak for him who took it. Take the blade and let the slate be clean!”
He looked at it, but did not take it. “Here!” I shouted, “Take the damn thing back!” Somewhat indignantly, I tossed the blade, sheath and all, in his lap. But instead of catching it, instead of the blade landing in his lap, it passed through him. I heard the sound of it falling on rock. I gasped, regarding suspiciously this new wonder now placed in front of me.
Then he disappeared. Once again I was in darkness. I felt anger taking over. I picked up the blade and shouted a mouthful of obscenities at him. Then, when I settled down, I focused on my breathing again. As I breathed in I only became more irritated, and so I smoked. 
Obviously Sam was testing me. Why? Did he want the knife back along with revenge? Was this all a ruse to that effect? I felt surprised that I should even ask that question. Was there any reason to think that Sam was not as crazy and illogical as anything else in this world?
Was he then Thunderwalker, or yet another falsity, an image that the real Thunderwalker had created? Was my life now in his hands, assuming that he was powerful enough to get me out of here? Was all this some kind of test to determine my mettle, or my sincerity? For what? What would be the point of keeping me here? 
I heard the nearby scraping of claws on rock outside my cave, and a chilling thought entered my mind that maybe I was to be food for the Tchindi. Though it was possible, it did not seem likely. He could have tossed me to the beast anytime. Why wait?
It occurred to me that the crystal may have been protecting me in this regard, and that in giving up the blade I might be giving up what protection I had. It occurred to me to wonder, if the real Sam was not here, then where was he?
It also occurred to me, as it had many times before, that I might already be dead.
#

42
Annie
Timeless

I attempted to use the dagger to find a way out. I spent many hours exploring my prison, testing every square inch of rock with the blade, and finding no doorway. After this futile exercise I grew more fearful. I huddled on my blanket, writing in my book in the darkness as best I could manage.
Days passed…or it might have been weeks. I don’t know. Sam reappeared in the same way, at his apparent whim. Sometimes he said nothing, only sitting in his usual spot. If he spoke, I spoke. If he said nothing, I remained silent also. I did not trust him. 
No…that is not entirely true. What I mean to say is I did not want to trust him, and yet as his incorporeal image mysteriously managed to produce food, water and cigarettes, I began to feel a bizarre trust in him in spite of his ominous pronouncement, a kind of respect, I suppose. He had mastered a skill, if I may call it that, which most people considered well beyond human capabilities. The ability to produce something out of nothing was the stuff of dreams. But possessing that ability, he did not seem concerned with manifesting wealth or riches, as most people I can think of would do, myself included.
 He seemed to know precisely when to speak, and what words to use. It wasn’t so much the particular words he used, but the manner in which he spoke them, the tones and inflection of his voice. Sometimes he was cordial, sometimes almost fatherly. Yet underneath the facade I felt a subtle trembling inside, knowing that there was a power here that could burn me to a cinder like a match tossed into a pile of dried grass.
I deduced that he was reading me to discover what put me at ease, and ill at ease. To see what frightened or angered me, I suppose. He seemed to be “practicing” on me, as if he was learning to play me like an instrument. He obviously wanted the blade back, but it was not to be a simple matter of giving it back to him. Strange. Perhaps there was some bizarre custom associated with this attitude. With each passing moment I felt more and more that the blade was protecting me. As he talked I felt him attempting to come closer by seeding himself further in my mind, and whenever he did so, my hand instinctively felt the coarse leather hilt of the crystal blade. It gave me a sense of reassurance, and I felt a kind of barrier preventing him from coming closer. 
#
43
Annie
The Fire

Today – God, I have no idea what day it is! I have lost any sense of time – something new happened. 
He sat as usual, staring into the fire with a deep gaze. He might have been looking into infinity. At first I said nothing; I was weary of asking him questions and receiving answers that made only half-sense. And so I watched him, and he became still. His eyes were open, glassy, taking in the flames. After a long while he said, “My earliest memory is of fire.”
His ambiguous remark jolted me back to awareness; I squinted at him attentively. He said, “When I was a young boy in another land, I watched my father make the fire with wood. I was amazed to watch him roll the wood back and forth with his hands until the tip became hot enough to glow from the wind of his breath. Then he would add small bits of dried grass and needles and like magic the flames burst into life! The fire was warm, and beautiful; it gave me pleasure to watch it. I wanted to be powerful like the fire. I had respect for the power of the flames, drawing out the life of the wood completely, until there was nothing more to take, and only the barest element remained.”
As I watched him he appeared so deeply engrossed in the flames I could not tell if he was aware of my presence.
“Fire is power, and like any power it can be used. It can harm or it can be a friend and ally. It can give life or death.” He put his hand out and I subdued a gasp as he let his hand mingle with the flames for almost a minute, then drew it back and examined it indifferently. It was completely unharmed. He looked at me and I returned his stare uneasily, until I realized that his expression looked expectant. He motioned to me to put my hand in the fire. I felt my eyes go wide and my body numb with fear. “No,” I said, “No, I don’t think so.”
“Are you afraid?” he asked.
I nodded. “Yes, I am afraid.”
He nodded. “Good. Fear is the beginning of all real power. Power is greater than you. If you do not fear it, it may destroy you. If you do not face your fear, it will surely destroy you.” Again he motioned to the fire. I moved back a few inches, shaking my head. “I don’t want to burn my hand!”
“You must step beyond the pain and the fear.”
“No!” I said defiantly, “I will not!”
He extended his arms, as if reaching out for my hand. I clenched my fists and held them defiantly to my bosom, and I suddenly felt a sharp pain moved through me like a lightning bolt. I made a sound, more from surprise than pain. I saw the old man’s face take on a similar startled look, registering first pain, then fear. He was looking past me, and I saw his hands shake. Then he looked at me and yelled. The fire roared and he disappeared.
Much time passed before he returned. I sat in the dark after he left, shivering not from cold, but from fear. It was almost uncontrollable at first and I used my breathing technique to calm myself. I realized afterward that what was troubling me was not my fear, but the old man’s. He had seen something that frightened him, and I had experienced the knowing of it inexplicably.
He was afraid of me. 
And he was afraid to die.
#
44
Annie
The Story of Sam

Something was happening to me. I didn’t understand it at first. I felt more acutely aware inside. I woke up from my half-conscious state and I knew the old man was going to return. Then the flames reappeared and he was there in his usual place. I raised myself up and observed his face for signs of anger or wariness but his expression seemed as neutral as before. I sat up, expecting him to say something about the previous occurrence, but he did not. Instead, he metamorphosed into the little boy and spoke in the boy’s voice. “My father showed me how to make fire,” he said, “I learned very easily. One day I discovered I could make fire without the wood, just by touching my hand to the kindling. Then I saw that I did not need to touch the wood. All I had to do was stare at it and it would catch fire. In the same way I could put the fire out. My father saw me do this and he was afraid. He told my mother I was a witch and that they must kill me or I would bring bad luck to them.”
I was surprised to hear this. “Your own father wanted to kill you?”
He nodded. “He was not my real father. They found me wandering in the cold northern regions when their tribe came from the great land of the west over the northern sea. They took me in and raised me.”
“They were nomads?”
 “Yes. Nomads. The wanderers. Scouts had reported many bison and mammoth far to the south, in warmer lands, and so they traveled to this place. Along the way there was much cold, rain, and snow. It was hard to find dry wood. I was able to start the fire, but it was considered witchcraft among the tribe, even though it helped to save their lives. Other men in the tribe agreed with my father that I should not be allowed to live, and so my father planned to kill me.” 
I was spellbound by what I heard. “Did he make an attempt on your life?”
“My mother took me away before this could happen and she gave me to a couple traveling on their own.”
“Did she tell you why she took you away?”
“No.”
“How did you know your father wanted to kill you?”
“I was able to know his thoughts. I could hear the others talk from far away; I could hear their thoughts also. Nothing was hidden from me.” The little boy looked at me with piercing eyes, and I could feel him looking at my own mind, deep within me. I marveled at this. “Did you understand what you were hearing?” I asked. 
He nodded. “I understood everything.”
“What of your real father?” I asked, “and your real mother?”
The boy shook his head. I asked, “How did you come into existence?”
“I have always been here,” he said.
“Were you not born from a woman?”
He kept silent as he stared at the fire. I said, “Every human is born of a woman.”
“Yes,” he said, “It is so.”
“Surely you were also.”
He shrugged. “I have always been here.”
I remained silent. I was unsure how to pursue this line of questioning. The boy continued. 
“My mother and father were Ganado and Este’ and I traveled with them to the south lands. They were told that I was a witch boy and could make fire, but I did not do so for them, because I thought I might hear their voices planning to kill me. At first I could see from their faces that they were scared that I might be dangerous to them, and I could hear the voices in their heads telling them this. But after many days I did nothing to frighten them and so we all got along with each other. They fed me and made clothes for me. In return I worked hard carrying water and wood, and mending things as my father and mother taught me to do. My father taught me to make spears, and instructed me to look for the right stones to use. My mother taught me to mend clothes.
“We traveled for a long while until we came to the open lands. There were many bison as far as we could see. My father shouted in joy when he first saw them. Here was plenty of meat for food, and skins for clothes and shelter. 
“He built a shelter into a hill, a mud Hogan with the opening facing the north. I told him it would be better to put the opening facing the east or he would have bad luck. He laughed at my words. I do not know where the knowledge in me came from. Just as an open door lets in fresh air, so was I able to open myself to knowing things without being taught.
“The weather turned warm. Everyday my father hunted and brought back plenty to eat. My mother took the skins and made new clothes for us all, and blankets to lie on. 
“I made the fires as part of my job. My father would watch me with suspicious eyes, and so I usually made the fire by rubbing the sticks as my other father had done. Sometimes the fire would not start because the wood was too wet, so then I helped it along after I had rubbed the wood for a long time so it would not look like I was using magic to start the fire. 
“I went out with my father to hunt the bison, and I learned well from him. He was a good hunter. He moved slowly and carefully, being very quiet, and when the time was right he moved as swift as the whirlwind with his spear. He had to wound the animal in the right place or else it would turn on him or run away and make it more difficult to bring him down. One day the animal attacked him, gorging him with one of its horns. It went in right below his ribs. The animal picked him up and threw him into the air. I saw much blood coming from my father’s stomach and I knew he was dying. The animal was getting ready to charge again and I leaped on its back and grabbed both its horns. The beast stopped where it was and became very still. Then it fell down and rolled over. I jumped off and ran over to my father; he was holding his stomach and yelling in pain. There was blood all over the ground. He yelled at me to go and get my mother and bring her here. I reached down to feel his wound and I felt healing power go into him. He became quiet and looked at me with frightened eyes. The pain left him and he did not know why. Again he told me to go get my mother and so I did. I ran very quickly and told her what happened and we went back taking a large skin with us to carry my father back. But when we got there he was sitting up and rubbing his hands over his belly. Dried blood was all over him, but now there was no more gash in his stomach, and he was no longer in pain. My mother went up to him and put her hands on him and she also felt no wound. Father told her what I had done, and they both looked at me with fear in their eyes.
“Father stood up and saw he was able to move around without help. He went over to the bison and grabbed one of its horns to lift its head. The bison was dead; the horn came off. I did not know then how I had killed it. We all gathered around closer. Father took his knife and began to skin the carcass, and the skin pulled off and ripped like an old shirt. The blood of the animal had dried to powder. Its bones were as brittle as dried twigs and the slightest movements made them break. The animal’s eyes were gone, as if a bird had pecked them out. Father ripped open the animal’s belly from throat to legs, and then pulled the skin apart. The inside of the animal was decayed, dried as though it had been dead for many moons. The whole carcass was useless. Already buzzards were circling overhead; some were on the ground not too far away, waiting for us to leave. But there was nothing there for them to eat.
“The sun went down and we went back to the Hogan. My mother prepared food, and when we ate my father made me sit on the other side of the Hogan. I heard him talking with my mother about me; they did not know what to do with me. My father wanted to give me away, as my other father did. My mother was not sure what to do. Both were afraid of making me angry; they thought I would do to them what I did to the beast.
“The next day my father built another shelter to hold wood for fire and said from now on I was to live in there. I did not argue with him; I lived there. I still did the jobs I was required to do and helped with the hunt, but now my mother brought food to my hut and I stayed there when the day was done. They did not talk to me except when they had to. In this way we lived for a while.
“Then one day others came. I saw them when my father and I were on the hunt. We had just taken a bison and were skinning it when I saw them in the distance. I showed them to my father. There were many of them watching the herds from high on a ridge. Then they began to run down the hill; some of them were yelling. The herd began to panic and they stampeded toward us. Father and I began to run, but I knew we were not going to get away from them. My father dropped to the ground and rolled himself into a ball. I stopped and faced the herd, and I felt protection all around me. The herd ran through us, trampling my father. But each bison went around me as if I were a rock. Not one touched me. When they had gone, my father lay mangled and broken upon the ground. I went over to him and put my hand on him, and I knew he was dead.
“I went back to the Hogan and found my mother also dead. She was bloody and had no clothes on. I wondered who these men were and why they would do this to her. They had taken everything of value, skins, knives, jugs, and had done this. I felt sadness at the passing of my mother and father, even though they were afraid of me. 
“I had warned my father not to put the entrance to the Hogan on the north side; he did not listen, and now much bad luck had come to him and my mother. I closed up the entrance so more bad luck could not escape and then I set fire to the Hogan and watched it burn. Then I gathered for myself a blanket and a spear and I began to walk further south, following the wide plains…”
As Sam talked I was transfixed by his story. Not only was I drawn in by his words, I witnessed visually what he was describing. I saw clearly wide-open plains surrounded by distant mountains, massive herds of bison, and the lonely travelers forging a southward path, with young Sam among them. The boy was the image of the youth who sat before me, and who had tended the sheep when I first arrived. He was a quiet, strong, good-looking lad, a beautiful boy, so much so that he stood out from all the other people I “saw” in the telling of his story. However, as I regularly transported myself back into the time of his story through the use of my own emerging abilities, engrossed in the fantastic details of his vision, witnessing them to the point of being able to feel the grasses in my hand and the wind on my face, and the smell of the bison herds, I became increasingly aware of a figure lurking in the background, a presence almost unseen at first, but eventually becoming as constant and conspicuous as a buzzing gnat when it is heard, or a faint star that is seen when looking away from it instead of directly at it.  There was another person hiding in the background, another little boy. Unfortunately, when I tried to perceive him directly, then just like the distant star, he disappeared.
I saw the faces of his mother and father, and the fear they held within. I saw the scene as Sam was given to his second “father,” and I felt his confusion, though he did not mention it. I felt the pain he experienced in feeling alienated by the group, unwanted by his parents, who could not possibly understand the enormous gift of power he had been born with. This gift, the cause of his alienation and the reason for his survival, became his parent and protector, and his albatross.
Sam became quiet, as if needing to stop and reflect on his story. He closed his eyes and drooped his head. As he did so, the fire weakened and it became noticeably cooler. He disappeared into the darkness, and during his latest absence I hastened to write down his story. As I wrote down my recollections, I became continually bothered by the presence of the other person in the background.  Something about the distant figure seemed out of place, making the story seem somehow distorted, like watching a play and being all too aware of the prompter’s voice off stage. 
Some time later I experienced again a premonition of his return, and the feeling was stronger this time. My body trembled slightly, I felt goose bumps on my arms, and the hairs stood on end. As soon as I experienced this, the fire roared into life and Sam returned in the usual manner, in the same place. He stared into the flames, almost as if I wasn’t there. He seemed to take no notice of me. I remained still, saying nothing to him; he would begin talking again in time, and I, wanting to take advantage of the light, had my book ready.
He said, “I walked for a long time. I saw no one. I felt like the only one left in the world. After two moons I came to a small village of huts made of mud and sticks. They looked like Hogans the way they were built. I caused much surprise as I approached, because I was alone, and I was still a child. A group of men ran out to me and began speaking. I did not understand their tongue at first, but I knew what they were saying. I could hear their voices in my head, wanting to know my name and where I had come from. They wanted to know why I was alone. They wondered if others were hidden nearby, waiting to attack. I did not answer them and they took me to see their chief. With the chief was a medicine man. Together they questioned me. The medicine man looked like a powerful man. He walked around me and talked to the chief in a loud voice, and I knew he did not trust me. The chief listened to everyone’s words and then he spoke to me. I did not understand him, but he looked into my eyes and he asked me simple questions, and I saw wisdom in his eyes. Though he did not smile, his face took on a kinder look after I responded to him as well as I could. Then he gave instructions to the others and I was taken to a hut and allowed to sleep there. They did not take my spear; they gave me some food to eat. 
“I walked among their camp for the next few days. No one talked to me at first. I think they were waiting to see if there would be an attack by others. When none came, the mood changed, and I felt more accepted. No one guarded me, but I felt many eyes watching me to see what I would do.
“One day I passed by a hut with a sick woman in it. She was with child, but the baby would not be born for at least three more moons. She had a fever and was moaning. Other women were tending to her. The medicine man was singing over her. I stood there and watched him for a while. Though he was a powerful man in his way, I felt he could not help her. When he finally saw me watching he became angry and told me to leave. So I went walking outside the village, but some of the men followed me. They shouted that they did not want me to leave and brought me back. 
“At night I was awakened from sleeping by sounds of the woman moaning in pain. I went to her hut to see her. Another woman was taking care of her, cooling her fever by wiping her face with water.  A couple of children, and boy and a girl, were sitting on the ground watching. I went up to the sick woman and watched her face. She looked at me in pain, but when she saw me she smiled a little. The other woman ordered me out, but the sick woman took my hand, and I knew she wanted me to stay, so the other woman took the bowl and went out for some fresh water. 
“The woman spoke to me, but I did not understand what she said. I think the fever was making her dizzy. I lifted the blanket that covered her and looked at her belly.  It was not yet very big. As I looked at it I became aware of a bad smell that came from inside her; it was a smell of death. I knew that this baby was already dead and the woman’s body was trying to get rid of it. I put my hand on her belly and when I did the woman shook and let out a yell. She looked like she was in a horrible pain for a moment, and then she began to breath easier. Her face was wet with sweat, but I felt her body relax.
“The medicine man came in with the other woman who had gone for water. He yelled at me, and I put the blanket down and backed away. They approached the woman on the ground, and the medicine man lifted the blanket. I could see much blood all over the sick woman’s legs. He knelt down and picked up the small baby.
“Then the chief came in and the medicine man showed him the baby, and I knew he was blaming me for the death of the infant. The chief went over and looked at the baby, then talked with the woman. He asked her if I cast a spell on her. The woman was tired, but I knew she was feeling better. She told him I had done nothing bad to her. Then the chief and the medicine man went outside the hut and I could hear them arguing for a long time. 
“Others gathered, and then one of the men took me over to my hut and told me to sleep. Then he sat outside the hut to make sure I stayed there.
“The next day I was told to stay in the hut. But during the afternoon, a new man came into the camp. I had not seen him before, and he looked like a warrior. He was a young man, and if he had been much older I would have thought he was a chief. This is the way he carried himself, very proud and confident. But because of his age I felt he was not yet a chief, but still a warrior or hunter. Because I had not seen him before I thought he must have been out hunting. He carried a spear, and a stick that was bent and tied with some kind of twine; I had not seen it before. It hung on his shoulder with smaller sticks gathered in a kind of pouch. I wondered if it was a tool for hunting…”
My mouth opened in surprise as I witnessed this portion of Sam’s story. There before me in the guise of the warrior was the same young man I had seen in the land, the same angry defiant young man who had saved Freddy and me from the Dark Walkers at the bridge, and almost strangled Freddy with his bare hands!
Sam said, “This man spoke to the chief, who treated him with respect. I heard them talk about the sick woman, who today was feeling good. The woman walked around today and I saw him talk to her. I knew they were also talking about me, for the man looked my way several times. When he looked at me I sensed much strength in this man, and much power. I could not see into him as easily I could with the others. He held his power around him tightly, like a thick blanket. Even though I only saw him from a distance, I had much respect for this man.
“He stared at me for a moment from where he was, then he turned back to the chief. They talked, and then he left. I saw him walking away, and I realized that he was not of this tribe. And in that moment I wanted in my heart to go with him. I took up my spear and my blanket and began to walk after him, but the medicine man stepped in my way and took me by the arm roughly. He yelled at me and brought me back to the hut. Again I was forced to stay in the hut; once again I had a guard to make sure I stayed.
“In the night, the medicine man came into the hut with two other men of the tribe. He gave them commands and they picked me up. I thought they were going to kill me right there, and so I fought back and intended to run, but one of them hit me in the head so hard that I was knocked out for a while.
“When I woke up, I was dizzy, and I felt movement of swaying back and forth. I realized my hands and feet were tied to a pole, and some kind of cloth was in my mouth. Two men were carrying me on this pole. I looked around and saw the medicine man leading the way. It was still night. There was much pain in my head, and I felt very weak. I tried to summon power to strengthen myself, but I could not. My head hung down and again I passed out. 
“When I awoke again, the others were gone. I looked around me, but I was alone. They had suspended the pole between two large rocks and left me here to die. I felt very weak by this time, and felt certain that death would come soon. I do not know how long I hung there, perhaps a day, perhaps two. The Sun was high when I again woke up and saw four men around me. They were talking and laughing. I did not know where they were from, but they had very dark skin and I felt they were from the south. They examined me by feeling my arms and legs. They took the cloth from my mouth and looked at my teeth. Then they put the pole down and cut me loose. 
“I felt very weak by now, and it hurt to feel the blood coming back to my arms and legs. I could not even walk at first. They gave me some water, and waited there for a while until I could stand. When I was able to walk, they tied a rope around my neck and took me along with them.
“We went south, traveling very far, stopping only once each day to rest. For many suns we traveled like this. At night they tied me to a tree or a rock, and if I moved or tried to speak they beat me once or twice with a stick.
“In the middle of the night, during the Full Moon, I heard them talking. They were looking out in the distance. I was tied to a tree and tried to look around me to see what they were looking at but I could not. They seemed worried. They all stood up, and I realized someone was coming. One of them shouted at the intruder; his words sounded like a threat. Again I turned as far as I could and in the pale light I saw a man approaching. It was the proud man I had seen in the camp. One of the men threw a stone at him, but the proud man dodged it easily. He had a spear in his hand and when he came a little closer he suddenly threw it and hit one of the men in the stomach. The others yelled and made their spears ready. The proud man gripped the odd looking stick hanging on his shoulder and bent it using one of the smaller sticks. Then he pulled the string back far and let it go and the smaller stick flew through the air and stuck in the chest of another man. I was astonished; it worked like a slingshot. Right away he had another stick ready and it flew through the air and stuck in another man. The fourth man charged at him with his spear. I watched to see if the proud man would be able to get another stick off in time, but he was too close for that. Instead he charged at the other one and they crashed into each other. The proud man got hold of the spear and killed the other one. He had killed four men by himself in only a short time. This man was truly a warrior!
“I wondered if he was going to kill me too. He made sure the others were dead, and then came up to me and cut me down. He asked me if I was all right; I was surprised that I understood him. I said I felt very weak, but I could walk. He retrieved his spear, and I asked to see his amazing sticks. He showed them to me, called them his bow and arrows. Then he ordered me to come with him and bid me to carry the spears of the other men, and I did.
“We traveled south for many suns and came to a desert region with many canyons and hills. We followed one canyon and came to a village, the largest one I had ever seen. There were many dwellings made of stone, and some were built into the hills. It was warm in these southern regions, and the people wore little clothing. Many of them came out to greet us, and an important looking man came out, and I knew he was the chief. He greeted my companion and I knew that the young man was his son.
“I heard them talking about me and saw the old man looking at me carefully. He said something to the young man and gestured out to the desert. The young man nodded to him in agreement and he took my arm and led me out of the village. We walked deeper into the canyon for a long time, until the sun was high and began to come down to meet the earth, until we came to a cave in the rock. The young man called out and an old man limped out, supporting himself with a staff. He looked very dirty and wrinkled, and yelled at us, but I was not afraid of him. Neither was my companion. 
“They spoke only a few words between them, and then the young man looked at me and nodded to me in parting, then walked away.”
Sam stopped. He hung his head, as if he was weary of telling this story.  “Who was this man?” I asked.
He looked up and stared into the fire. “He was my teacher,” he said, “I lived there in the canyon with him for many years.’
“What happened to him?”
He looked at me, and for a moment I saw sadness in his eyes. Then he turned back to the fire, and once again he disappeared into the darkness.
I recognized his teacher as the old man of the trio I had seen in the land.
#
45
Annie
Thunderwalker 

I drifted in and out of sleep, continually re-emerging into the darkness of the cave, until I no longer knew if I was sleeping or slipping off into some unconscious state of which I was unaware. Time had long ago ceased to exist for me.
My mind replayed visions of Sam’s story constantly, always invaded now by the presence of the unknown figure lurking in the background. The figure seemed as blurred as a smudge on a photograph negative. But this time, as I witnessed the scene in which Sam was left with his teacher, and I watched the young warrior walk away into the distance, I became aware of the same mysterious figure hiding behind a rock. In time, after the young man had passed, he peered out from the rock, and I saw what looked to be another boy, albeit a much larger or older one, and not quite so handsome as the young Sam. The other boy appeared to be observing the action. I tried to focus on the youth, but could not…
When next I awoke and saw Sam sitting in his usual place, he turned to look at me, putting his hand into the fire once again. I stared reluctantly, not wanting to witness what I knew ought to happen: his hand turning black from the heat, blistering skin falling off in shreds… and knowing that not even one hair would be singed. Even more remarkably, he left the hand in the fire longer than the first time. He said, “Come.” I felt renewed horror and nausea rising within me; I shook my head and stayed where I was. Again he said, “Come.” Again I shook my head and felt tears welling up in my eyes. He removed his hand and disappeared. I lay back down and cried.

*     *     *

I floated off to the unconscious again. I dreamed of Luis. We were sitting in front of a fire at his home, caressing each other. He kept asking me, “Where did you go?” Why did you do it?…
I awoke to the darkness and sat up. I sensed that Sam was about to reappear; so certain was I that I made myself ready for him. Sure enough, the fire roared into life again, and Sam reappeared as the boy. I showed little emotion or surprise when he materialized. I stared at him in silence, waiting for him to make the first move, hoping he would not ask me to put my hand in the fire. He did not.
“My teacher’s name was Great Thunderwalker,” he said in his young voice, “For many years I was not allowed to know his name; I called him Master.  But at first I would not call him by any name. I did not like him. He was mean; he was dirty, he lived in a cave, and right away he told me he wanted me to do all the work. I turned around to leave, and he yelled at me to return. A great thunder exploded all around me, and I felt the earth move. I turned around to behold him; he stood watching me with piercing eyes and ordered me to come back. I was trembling inside, and I respected his power, but I would not be moved this way. I conjured up a fire, the biggest fire I had ever created. But my Master was not impressed; he laughed, and this made me angry, so I made a bigger fire and I threw the fire at him. It landed in front of him, and a few cinders caught his hair on fire. He slapped his head to put the fire out while I laughed. Then he stared at me with an angry look in his eyes and I knew he was impressed. I was scared but I did not want him to know it, so I turned and walked away as proud as a horse.
“Then I heard him yell again, a mighty shout. Another thunder exploded, and lightning flashed. Again the earth moved, and this time the wind blew. Such a storm it was…”
As he spoke I began hearing wind howling through the caverns. It swirled in through the opening and blew my hair all around. In my mind I saw a clear image of Sam being accosted by the wind...
“I had never seen the wind blow so fiercely! It swirled all around me, preventing me from taking another step. Then the wind picked me up and carried me high into the sky. I was so frightened! I was not afraid to die, but I did not like getting hit by small rocks, and getting dust in my eyes. The wind spun me over and over like a wheel, until I could stand it no longer and I yelled ‘Stop!’”
Sam flung his arms out when he shouted, and inside the cave the wind stopped immediately. The fire crackled on quietly. I brushed the hair away from my face and apprehensively beheld this strange boy-man, this entity who seemed to have me in his grip as securely as Great Thunderwalker held him that day.
“The wind died down, and I was released in the exact spot from which the wind had picked me up. The Master stood there watching me, no longer with anger. I trembled inside, and I watched him to see what else he would do. As great as I knew my power was, his was greater. He said to me ‘You may go now, if that is what you want.’ He then turned and went into his cave.
“I stood there for a long time; I could not leave; I did not want to anymore. Even if I did want to, I could not. I saw now that I was here to learn from him; he was my teacher. Why should I leave? I had nowhere to go, no family that wanted me. So I stayed. I went into the cave to tell him, but I could not find him. He disappeared into the air! 
“I went outside and sat down at the entrance to the cave, and I waited for him to return. I sat for many days waiting for him. And then finally he did return. Now he was clean; he gave me a kindly look, and he took me by the hand and led me into his cave. He said, ‘I will teach you all I know, and one day your power will become greater than mine, so much greater that I shall cease to exist. All that I am will exist in you. All of my power will be yours as well as all those who came before me. You must be strong, and learn well, or it will kill you!’
“I felt frightened, but I understood. With these words our work together began.”
My mouth fell open in utter amazement. Again, I witnessed the action before me, as if I had been there all along. Only, in addition to seeing the events described by Sam, there now appeared in the opening of the cave the same mysterious youth who had appeared before.
“Who is that?” I heard myself asking aloud.
“What do you mean?” Sam, the youth, asked.
“I see another,” I said.
“What other?” Sam asked.
“Up by the cave,” I said, my vision still riveted to this waking dream I was experiencing, “there stands another person, a boy I think, perhaps older…”
“Another boy?” Sam said in surprise, “What does he look like?”
“He is too far away,” I said, “but he appears to be dressed the same as you.”
“You have entered the vision!” Sam said, startled, “When did this happen?”
“From the moment you first told your story,” I said.
“You said nothing of it,” Sam said in a suspicious tone.
“I thought it was your doing,” I said, “Some magic of yours.”
Sam shook his head. “No. The magic is not mine. It is yours!”
I became frightened, still watching the other person. “Is it not real then?” I asked.
“It is real,” Sam said, “It may be a demon, trying to trick you. Go to him, that you might see him closer.”
I moved closer to the figure, not in a walk, but more of a gliding motion, and now I saw he was clearly aware of and kept his distrustful gaze on me. As I came closer I revolted in horror. The face was so grotesque it could not have been the face of a youth, and yet it was a young boy equal in age to Sam. Yet his enormous size could not have been more unequal or distorted. His huge brow and square jaw were grossly misshapen, and now I saw that he stood somewhat hunched over. He was indeed a boy, a giant of a boy, taller than the mightiest warrior of his time, yet too young and naïve to understand the ways of neighboring tribes, but not too young to understand why others feared him so, running from his hideous appearance. As I came closer to him I saw the sadness in his eyes, and the growing hatred therein. As if caught in a whirlpool I became entrained with the memories of his mind, seeing all the times he had been cruelly punished for simply being deformed. How many rocks had been thrown at him, how many times had he been beaten, unjustly jabbed and cut with knives and spears? How many times had he been forsaken by others and left to die, and would have if not for the fact that he possessed a remarkable power that protected him?
And die he would have, surely, if not for the pity of a shaman named Thunderwalker…
“Ohh…” I said in a mournful tone, feeling a profound sadness in my heart as I watched this vision, “The person I see is no demon, only a boy, a deformed, misunderstood boy with an amazing ability…”
The vision left suddenly, and Sam sat before me, staring at me with more surprise and fear in his eyes than I had seen before. “That was you,” I said. “All along, that was the real you, not the beautiful boy you described. You were shunned, and repelled from village after village. Some took pity on you and tried to bring you into their family, their tribe or clan, but always your power got in the way. You were considered a demon, or a witch, just as you said…”
Sam stared into the fire, a look of deep sadness in his weathered face. “In all respects,” I said, “Your remarkable story is true, except this one fact that you could not hide.” As I looked into his eyes I surmised that I was correct in this. He did not answer.
“Why then?” I asked. “Why did you make up the part about the other boy?”
He remained silent for the moment. One possible answer seemed somewhat obvious to me. In telling a story, most people prefer to present themselves in more favorable light. Why should this be any different?
I saw a connection now. The old man was his teacher. The young man was the warrior. Sam had taken these men, perhaps the only men in his life who had ever shown him any decency, or any respect for his true abilities, and made them his own family here, in this world of his own making. And the boy? Perhaps he represented Sam as he would like to have been. 
“The boy was my brother,” Sam said in a tone suggesting he was talking to himself. He now metamorphosed into the misshapen youth. My mouth parted in surprise; I heard a gasp emitted from my lips, but I could not speak.
“We were twins,” he said, “Each of us with the same ability…”
The words came out clearly, as I heard them in my mind. It seemed impossible that the enormous twisted mouth could articulate any words. 
“Your brother…” I finally managed at length.
“My brother could speak; I could not, not well enough to understand,” he said, “We depended on each other for survival. Our combined powers kept us safe…”
“And completely distant from neighboring tribes,” I said, “Who were your original people?”
He shook his head as if it were too painful to remember. 
“What happened…” I started, but then I stopped. I sensed that the question I wanted to ask next involved enormous emotional hurt and great physical pain. The sensation was stifling, but I felt bound to ask. “What became of your brother?”
Then something happened. Instead of answering me verbally or mentally, Sam opened a door and let me in, as if anticipating my question, and I saw. I saw them both taken captive by a warring tribe, taken by surprise, beaten senseless to diminish their powers, separated and led to a place of burning. ‘Sam,’ being the larger and stronger of the two, broke away and made good his escape, but was unable to find and rescue his more vulnerable brother. I felt Sam’s remorse and guilt as he was forced to abandon his brother to save himself, I felt the horror and despair as he helplessly watched his brother’s suffering from a distance…
 I cried out in sorrow, a mute witness to the horrible barbaric crime perpetrated on the young beautiful boy and the tragic deformed youth…
I observed Sam watching the smoldering foul smelling smoke of the burning place rise high into the sky, I felt his raw power, his unfettered hatred and rage spew forth to crack open the earth and summon demons from the bowels of its molten core, unleashing them in the form of fire and red choking smoke. Down from the sky came billows of scarlet cloud transforming into ghostly shapes of riders on horseback carrying flaming spears, clubs, and other weapons of vengeance, all racing on the crest of a tumultuous whirlwind in the direction of the ceremonial burning place. Within the red holocaust came the cries of a hundred screaming warriors, slaughtering all men, women and children, even dogs and horses. In a very short time, all lay still and consumed. The red fog hovered in the air for a long time, then gradually dissipated, turning into black smoking charred ruins…not one living thing remained. 
The wounded fissure lay open like an infected wound. In time, I saw, a long time afterward, the rocks and crevices would cool and the newly formed canyon would allow the passage of water, but no other living thing would enter.
In the far distance a young malformed boy limped away on his journey through life, wanting only to hide himself, wishing for the power to destroy this world and all of its cruel, murderous inhabitants…
The feeling of anguish overwhelmed me, and I lost the vision.
Sam the deformed child sat there staring into the fire, and watching him, I felt the full impact of his isolation and his loneliness. His teacher had taught him well. He had become a master illusionist, a sorcerer, molding a complete world to his liking, one to hide in, shutting out the rest of humanity save those poor unfortunates wandering in, or kidnapped, myself included, who served essentially as a means for him to sustain himself and his environment.
In my skeptical mind I wondered how much of his story was fabrication, and how much was the truth. I doubt if even Sam knew anymore. His memories stretched back to antiquity, if he was to be believed. Children were capable of imagining all sorts of nightmares and monsters. How much more so when they possessed the ability to make them real? And yet, in spite of my skepticism, I could not deny the events that had happened to me, nor could I “explain” them. Like Sam, my childhood was not without its scars, and I have come to see that I am not quite so ordinary as I once believed of myself. Something in this world, in this adventure, has released a part of me that I do not understand. Sam calls it “power,” and I guess it is, for I do not know what else to call it. What are its limits? I cannot tell; it seems to me that my power and I have just recently been introduced. I do not know what it is, or how to make use of it. But it seems to be having a marked effect on Sam. In his words, I am “not like the others.” Perhaps that is why I am still alive.
I heard the Tchindi lumbering in the near distance. Now I thought of it more as a part of Sam than as a thing apart from him. When I became aware of its movements, I realized that Sam had quietly disappeared. What’s more, the fire was still burning. I sat there for some time, contemplating this new oddity and its implications. I stared at the fire intensely, becoming entranced by the flames. The longer my gaze lingered on the firelight, the more I began to see images in the flames, faces familiar and strange, places…his face…
Strangely, I thought of one of my favorite childhood stories, “The Little Match Girl,” in which a poor destitute orphan girl sells matches on the street to live, and one night it is so cold that she must light the matches to keep warm. Each time she lights a match she magically sees an image of her dead grandmother smiling lovingly to her from heaven. Eventually she runs out of matches and in the final image goes to join her grandmother. In the morning her little frozen body is eventually found by passers-by. Thinking of this story brought tears to my eyes. I covered my face with my hands and cried silently, for I did not want Sam to hear me.
When the emotion was spent, I sat and watched the fire while stroking the crystal blade slowly and mechanically. As I did so I felt I was being observed. I looked up toward the top of the pit, and there stood the Tchindi looking down at me. I drew in a breath of surprise. It stood absolutely still, slightly bent over the edge, as if it were contemplating jumping in or reaching down to grab me. It was watching me, and now I watched it, still frightened by its revolting appearance, especially as the firelight illuminated and highlighted its garish face. But I also felt something from it, something in its stillness. As it watched me I felt pity for it, in spite of its gruesome nature. I felt it was drawn to me, in the same way that Sam seemed to be…drawn to me…
And then it dawned on me that this pathetic creature was not simply a part of Sam’s world.
It was Sam.
I felt the shock of the revelation. And almost immediately I saw the connection, the evolution of boy into beast. A wretched deformed young boy completely consumed by his self-loathing, his grief, and his contempt for all humanity around him. He had turned inward instead of outward in his growth, the only direction possible for him given the burden he had been given in life. Truly, if there were gods in those days, they had turned their backs on him…and he on them. Here then, was the result of his metamorphosis…the beast that lurked within all men. He was the beast in a world of his own making, if not of his own choosing. No doubt his teacher, Great Thunderwalker, had influenced his hermitry.
Now it seemed that the integrity of his world was weakening. The power of the crystal blade had long provided a source of energy for him to sustain his world. But now it had been stolen, its power perhaps altered forever, tainted by other hands, mine among them. I felt some remorse for this, but since it was a matter of survival, I remained reluctant to give it up…and if I should remain resolute in my refusal, what then would happen to Sam and his world? I reminded myself that in spite of the tragedy of Sam’s history, he had still murdered many people, including two friends of mine, and if I did not keep my head clear of emotional entanglement, I might well become his latest victim.
As I observed the Tchindi, I perceived that, oddly, it took on a different hue, a kind of bluish color, a bluish light, and as I witnessed this, I realized that I had unknowingly put the blade down, for I now saw that the source of the bluish light was coming from the blade itself laying on the rock floor. I observed it in wonder; it was glowing! But how? I reached for it and picked it up, and it glowed more intensely than before. Above me, the Tchindi moved slightly, as if preparing to back away if necessary, perhaps as surprised as I. I held the blade in front of me, gazing into the facets, and I began to perceive the images of faces within the crystal. The more deeply I looked, the more faces I perceived. I was amazed to see images of so many varieties of tribes. It was as if I were looking into an advanced form of photograph album with the pages turning themselves. But then I became doubly amazed as I had the distinct impression that I was not merely observing faces within the crystal facets, but more, that the faces were staring back at me, that they were not simply hollow images, but living forms. Though they did not speak, I heard their words, a cacophony of indecipherable sounds. The glow from the crystal took on more of a brilliant luster, and it became warm in my hands. As I stared at the wondrous sight, I knew not what to make of it. But the effect was, I must admit, alarming and frightening, so much so that I was tempted to drop the crystal and back away from it. Instead, I grasped it all the more tightly, feeling that, for whatever reason beyond my comprehension, this crystal might be my sole lifeline, not only to the world I left behind, but to whatever world lay beyond. It glowed brighter and became hotter in my hands, almost a burning sensation. I moaned from the increasing discomfort I felt. Still I could not let go, nor could I take my eyes off of it, as the images of the people quickly flipped by like the pages of a book, and the pain became more intense. The sounds of their collective voices resounded continuously in my head like a loud wail. The pain in my hands felt blistering and I wanted to scream. Indeed, I am not sure I did not do so, not am I certain how long I remained in this trance-like state. I only know that when the pain seemed most unbearable, when I felt convinced that my hands were surely burned beyond recognition, when I had become resolved to that fact, the pain suddenly stopped, and so did the images.
The brilliance of the crystal dwindled to a soft blue glow. Up above, the Tchindi still remained, standing as still as a rock, watching me, waiting. The embers in the fire pit continued to burn, emitting a small flame. I watched the flames and suddenly became drawn to them, hypnotized. Just as the crystal had affixed my eyes to its glow, so was I now attracted to the firelight like an unsuspecting moth. I moved closer, tempted now, resolved to test myself with the fire, much to my amazement. With one hand on the crystal, my other reached out to the small flames, and if the fire had been big enough, I might well have moved my whole body in position to jump headlong into the flames, so determined was I now to conquer this fear. My hand trembled, yet I reached out further to the flames. I felt the warmth…
I hesitated. A tear dropped down my cheek. A voice whispered, “I can’t.” It was mine. “I can’t!” I repeated mournfully, “I can’t!”
“Yes…You can and you must,” another voice said. It was also mine, but it sounded as if it had come from outside myself. I wondered if this were all a dream I was having. I screamed, a long continuous cry, and midway through I realized that my hand was already in the flames, and that I was screaming from the perceived pain. And yet…there was no pain! I observed my hand, my fingers, surrounded by flames that seemed now to grow in intensity. The flames licked and lapped at the skin of my hand, but I was unharmed. My eyes watered with tears, and my crying turned to laughter. I turned my hand over, wiggled the fingers, as if to give the flames every chance to burn…and they did not.
Beyond the flames Sam reappeared, watching me dispassionately, with a strange look, a kind of prescience, that he knew all along I was capable of this. I drew my hand back and examined it through astonished teary eyes. Not one burn mark, not one hair singed. 
I tried it again. This time I tucked the crystal in my belt and put both hands into the fire. I laughed again as the flames had no ill effect on my hands. It was such a small fire, I wondered if the effect would be the same if the fire were bigger. Almost immediately, the flames roared to greater life, as if someone had thrown gasoline on the flames. I gasped, more surprised than before, but I held my hands where they were, and again delighted in my immunity to the fire.
Had I done that just now? Had I caused the flames to rise?
I stood up and in the deepest center of my mind I commanded the fire to rise again, and indeed it did, this time higher than before, perhaps twenty feet high in a straight column. I marveled at this, backing away from it to the edge of the pit. The fire dwindled down to almost nothing. Then I felt the intensity within me, and I raised the fire up again. I stared at the magnificent pillar of fire and calmly and deliberately walked into it…
I felt the intensity of the flames, again without being seared, the heat burning away the superficial layers of my clothes, and my life, yet leaving me unharmed. The hot wind of the inferno raged like a whirlwind surrounding me, the deafening noise like a train in a tunnel.  I closed my eyes, and yet still I could see. I saw the people all around me, the people of the cave, of the land, the Dark Walkers, all of them, their faces blending into each other with blinding speed. And beyond them all was the piercing visage of Sam as the old man, his teacher, the Thunderwalker. As we stared across the space at each other, I felt as if we were two drops of water about to merge…
His face and body changed, metamorphosing into the deformed shape of Sam’s actual self, his head becoming larger and more lopsided, his mouth elongating, the eyes growing further apart. And the change did not stop there. It continued until the shape before me no longer resembled anything human. It had instead taken on the misshapen features of the shadowy sentinel of my prison. I released an astonished breath, having no words to immediately convey my exclamation.
I looked up to the top of the pit. The creature, staring down at me all this time, now backed away slowly into the shadows until it was out of sight. I watched it fade from view and when I brought my gaze down into the pit once again, the fire had disappeared, and the vision of Sam had also gone.
This feast of my eyes and senses had stuffed me, leaving me numb with scattered confusing information. I backed off gradually, mesmerized by the sights I had witnessed, and bumped against the rock wall of the pit. I slid down gently until I lay on the floor. I closed my eyes, and I believe I slept for a very long time.
When I next awoke, to my utter amazement, I was outside the cave, lying on the rocks by the water, completely naked.
#

46
Annie
The Bird

Momentarily I was at a loss to understand this. The only explanation for this is a dream I recall during the deep sleep I experienced. In the dream I turned into a bird, a crow. In so doing, I flew out of the pit. I perched on a rock and metamorphosed back into my human form, naked. I looked down at my body and remembered that the fire had burned my clothes away. Looking down into the pit I saw my pack still lying there along with the crystal blade. Reluctant to leave without them I looked around for a means to retrieve them, a ladder or something, since it seemed obvious to me that in the form of a bird I was unable to carry the articles. 
Exploring, I followed the rocky path away from the pit. Along the way I passed several other pits, each half-filled with rocks no bigger than a softball. I stopped to view one pit in which the skeletal remains of an arm protruded from the rocks; some poor soul had apparently been buried alive. Further along, I saw additional evidence of a similar nature, and in time I came to a great cavern in which I saw a large stone slab. I was immediately drawn to this unusual looking structure, for it appeared to be man-made, hand-carved in its fashion. I felt chills up and down my body, for I knew this had been a particular place of hideous desecration and sacrifice through eons of time. I felt it to be a most unholy place, and I could not remain there. 
I turned around to backtrack, and I beheld the Tchindi looming above me only a few yards away. Make this more suspenseful. It had slinked silently behind me all the way, never attacking, but now it lunged for me. In an instant, “instinctively,” I would say, I again turned into a bird and evaded its grasp. Again it lunged and I flitted left and right. In the great cavern I flew high and landed on a rock safely out of its grasp. Far below it stood still, as if contemplating what to do next. After what seemed like several minutes, it then plodded away, disappearing into one of the dark corridors.
I flew down from the rock and changed back to human form. I returned down the passageway from which I had come and along the way found some materials to string together a kind of rope. Having done this, I threw one end into the pit and secured the other to a rock. Then, uncertain as to whether or not the rope would hold my weight, I changed into the crow again and descended into the pit, became human again, secured the blade and pack with the rope, flew out again, and then hauled everything out.
With my pack in hand and the crystal securely inside, I had one thought: It is time to leave.
No sooner than I had thought these words, I heard the distant heavy steps of the Tchindi approaching from one of the many corridors. I sucked in a quick frightened breath, fearfully looking all around me, but the acoustics of the cave made it impossible to tell from which direction it came. I grabbed the pack and began to run as quickly as I dared. I heard the footsteps behind me; I heard them ahead of me. My eyes darted left and right for signs of its appearance. I hastened down a particular corridor, feeling certain that this one would be the way out. There was a look of familiarity to it, and in short time I saw a hint of daylight.
My heart leaped with joy, and then sank again when I saw the Tchindi suddenly blocking the way. I stopped where I was. For a moment we eyed each other, and as I considered whether to run in the opposite direction or shapeshift into the crow once again, the Tchindi charged with unbelievable speed.
In that instant, my heart pounded like drums. My head throbbed with pain, as if it had split open like a melon. I heard a scream; it must have been mine. There was no time to change. The Tchindi was on me; it grabbed me. As soon as it did I felt conflicting presences within the beast. I sensed the presence of Sam the old man, as if he was sitting over on the side, as he had in the pit, watching this happen…yet helpless to stop the rampage of the beast he had become. And at the same time, I felt his hunger deep within me, as if he wanted me, every single part of me…wanting to ravish my breath and my body, devour my skin, my hair, every cell of blood, every drop of tears and saliva, every thought, every memory, every particle of energy I could summon, to transubstantiate it into his own.
I was stunned. I felt myself blacking out; my vision dimmed and I closed my eyes. I heard the scream again; it echoed for the longest time. I realized then that it might not have been mine, but his. I opened my eyes and saw bright light all around, burning light, roaring fire, a pillar of fire, consuming him…and me, together.
I thought I had summoned the fire again, as I had in the pit. But not so.
I had become the fire.
#


47
Annie
Farewell

And now…I am free of the cave…I am alone, I think…
I do not recall what happened after that incident. I am in complete surprise and at a total loss to explain what happened. But I know this: I am certainly changed…I feel it in my soul.
I hasten to write these words, for I feel something happening to me. I am losing my memory or something. Maybe I am losing my mind, and as I have thought many times here, I may have lost it long ago. What is reality here in this place between worlds?
Already I have forgotten some of what had happened to me. Thumbing through the pages of this book, I can scarcely recall some of the events I have recorded. I sit amazed and wonder if I have dreamed it all. If someone were to read this book and call me a liar, I could not prove otherwise.
I have not seen the Tchindi in some time. I do not know what has become of it. If the dream I had was real, then I may have killed it, and I may assume that it is “dead” or changed in some way, as I am. It has not reappeared, as I feel it certainly would have if it were alive. But I will make no assumptions. I have dressed myself with my only change of clothing, and will now traverse the pathway to the top of the canyon. With the help of the crystal and a little bit of luck, I shall find my way out.
I have recorded Luis’ name in here, and also his father, Billy, in case I should lose this journal, with instructions to leave these pages in their hands…if possible.
I am now on top of the rim overlooking the canyon of Thunderwalker. I have hiked to the top, and am preparing to go over the rise just beyond, which I hope will lead me back to the world I used to know. I have taken some time to update my notes as far as I am able in order to record for posterity what has happened to me. I feel I must do this now, for I do not know what is beyond the rise, or what will happen to me when I do so.
Farewell to a world I may never see again.
#
48
Luis & Billy 
Revelation

Luis stared foggily at the last page for a long while, as if more words might appear on the page in time if he waited long enough. Billy rocked back and forth in his chair, puffing on his empty pipe. His eyes were squinted in deep thought. 
“That’s the end, isn’t it?” he asked.
Luis nodded. “That’s all she has written down.” 
Billy got up to keep the fire going. He put another log in the belly of the stove and jabbed the glowing embers a little bit with a poker to get the fire going again. The fire was stubborn in getting started, so he blew at the embers for a couple of minutes, after which a modest flame started up. He flushed with color and felt dizzy from the effort. “Are you all right?” Luis asked worriedly, noticing Billy weaving slightly. He stood up in a ready position to catch him if he should fall, but Billy waved him away. “I’m fine, don’t worry about me.” He closed the door to the stove and walked around the room. “Just need to get my blood goin’ after sitting for so long.”
“Of course,” Luis said, sitting again.
“I wish I had the power to start fires like in her story,” Billy laughed, “then I wouldn’t have any problem keeping these logs going.” He threw his hands up dramatically in a comical gesture, and then laughed again.
Luis closed the book. “You really think that was true?”
Billy stopped walking and looked surprised at Luis. “Don’t you?”
“I’m not sure what to think.” Luis gazed skeptically down at the floor.
“You mean about the fire or about the whole story?”
Now Luis got up and walked around also. “I’m not sure about anything,” he said. He wrung his hands together. 
“You have the worried look,” Billy said. He filled his pipe again and watched Luis pacing back and forth. “I’m walking around to get my blood going,” Billy continued, “but you’re walking around because you got something on your mind.”
“Yes, you’re right,” Luis admitted.
"Then you should get it off your mind. Talk about it. Don’t keep it up there where everything howls like the wind. What is it? Don’t you believe any of this happened?”
“Yes, I do. Of course I do. Having experienced some of it myself, what else am I to think? How can I doubt what she has written about? And yet…I do doubt. I doubt it happened to her. I doubt that it happened to me.”
Billy regarded his son through squinted eyes and a billow of pipe smoke. “You doubt these things because you want proof,” he said, “This is the way of white people. They want proof, and even when they have proof, they do not believe because they do not know what it is they believe in. They do not believe in the world of the spirit unless the spirits come out of a building with a cross on it and fly around with wings and dress in robes. Their priests gave them pictures to look at and said, ‘This is what your gods look like. Worship this man with nails in his feet and hands, a man being tortured to death. Any man who can endure such torture must surely be worshipped!’ They say ‘Do not worship false gods. Do not worship nature or the earth; do not worship the rain or the Sun. Do not worship the mountains or the rivers. Worship only this suffering figure on a cross.’ Their own holy book tells them not to worship any other gods but this. What else can they do? This is the world you have lived in, my son. As sad as I am to know that this has been your world, I am still glad to see you have gone your own way. But this is part of the price you have had to pay to live in the world of the whites. You have seen what most white people will never see, and still you do not believe.”
“Yes, I suppose you are right. I want to believe, and I cannot. I should believe, but I dare not.”
“Why? Why should you not believe?”
Luis held up the book. “To believe in this challenges my whole life!”
“Yes!” Billy thundered, “And that is a good thing! A life should be difficult! It should be challenged. It is the only way to go further down the good red road. Otherwise, you stay where you are and sink into the quicksand of ignorance. This book challenges your beliefs. But remember that this book was written by your friend, a white woman! You are both in a profession that teaches how people live and who their gods are. You study this, and yet you don’t believe a word of it!”
Luis sat down again and buried his face in his hands. “It is true. I am a doubter, a hypocrite. I am only half a man. I have wanted to believe but could never bring myself to believe completely…”
Billy came behind and patted him on the shoulder. “I know. It is the way you always were. I am sorry for you, my son. I wish I could help you believe…not just in that book, but in your own life, and your people. You are every bit Dine’, but your white world has blinded you. Your friend certainly kept an open mind.”
“Yes, and look where it got her.”
Billy shrugged and picked up the journal. He said, “Like you she has seen a sight that few others will ever see.” He felt the leather cover and thumped it a couple of times. “Now this is a history book,” he said, “her own words, her own experience. You were her teacher once. Why don’t you let her be your teacher now?” He put the book down on Luis’ lap. “This is not the end of her story,” he said. “It is only the end of her book.”
Luis looked up at him. “But she could not have gotten out. If she had she would have returned to Colorado. I would have known about it.”
Billy nodded. “It would seem so. Maybe she didn’t get out.”
“Then what happened to her? Is she dead then?”
Billy puffed his pipe contemplatively. “I do not know this. There have sometimes been strange occurrences around here. People disappear and they are never seen again. It happens. It is the same in the white world.”
Billy poured them both another sip of whiskey and handed Luis his glass. “I am also curious to know what has become of this woman,” Billy said, “but my main concern is for you, Luis Blackfeather. You cannot live in this world as only half a man. It is not the way to live. You have a sickness, just as all the whites do and don’t know it. Your spirit is sick and divided, and you should have a singer heal you and make you whole while you are here. You should come back and live with us again.”
Luis managed a smile. He shrugged as if it might be possible, but he knew it could never be. “One never knows which way the wind will blow,” he said, “but perhaps I could come to visit more often.”
Billy smiled. “That would be a good start.”
*     *     *

Billy fell asleep in the rocker. His pipe slipped out of his mouth and dropped in his lap. Luis was close to sleep, but the sound of the falling pipe roused him. He picked up the pipe and lightly brushed the ashes away. He pictured this scenario happening scores of times, marveling that Billy had not burned himself to death by now. “Let’s go, Pop,” he said, helping Billy up and walking him over to his bed. Billy lay down complacently and Luis covered him up with a blanket. Within moments Billy began to snore. Luis stood there watching him for some time, glad now that he had not gone to a motel in Chinle’. He then sat in the rocker and had another drink of whiskey. He reached into his coat pocket and brought out his billfold, opened it, and retrieved a weathered snapshot of Annie, taken about one month after obtaining her doctorate, shortly before they had last been together. He embraced the picture with his eyes over and over. In time he brought his eyes away and watched the fire. Before it died out completely he stoked it up one more time, then settled in the chair and eventually slept.
#

49
Luis & Billy
Changing Woman

In the morning they drove out to Mesquite Wash. The snow had stopped and the sky was clear once again; most of the snow would be melted by midday, Billy said.
Billy had awakened first and made coffee. The strong aroma awakened Luis. He felt his head throbbing from the whiskey. Billy had told him to go outside and stick his head in the snow to wake up, and he did. He felt marginally better afterward. The coffee tasted especially bad, but at least it was strong.
As they drank and ate some bread, Billy said, “I’m surprised you haven’t asked me where I got the book from.”
Luis nodded. “So am I. In my excitement it completely slipped my mind. But I am curious now to know who found it.”
Billy lit his pipe. “It was a woman named Maria; she lives in her father’s house near Mesquite Wash. She found the book on their land. It was wrapped in the plastic. We can drive over there and talk to her. She’s expecting us.”

*     *     *

Luis was feeling queasy about this meeting as they drove up to the farm and turned down the long drive to the house. Beyond the house was flat desert, with mountains in the far distance. 
A woman, about fifty, opened the door and came out to greet them. She was dressed in a heavy wool skirt, a long coat, and a scarf over her head. Billy made the introductions and Maria showed them where she had found the book. The area was close to the house, a stone’s throw.
Luis examined the ground. “It was just lying here?” he asked. 
“Right there,” Maria said, “Like someone was walking along and dropped it without knowing.”
“But you didn’t see who dropped it?” Luis asked.
Maria shrugged. “I assumed it was her.”
“Who?”
She looked slightly embarrassed. “The woman…I’m sorry, but I had to unwrap the plastic to look inside the book…or else I’d never have known who to give the book to…you understand…”
Billy patted her arm. “You were right to do just what you did, Maria.”
Luis sighed. “Ah…of course, the woman who’s name is in the book. I thought for a moment you had seen her.”
Maria smiled. “But I did see her.”
Luis swallowed hard. “What?” Billy’s eyes squinted at the woman.
Maria said, “I saw my lady, the angel.”
“An angel?” Luis said.
Maria was still smiling. “I remember her well. She was the one who brought my little brother back home to us after he was taken one day…” In reminiscence, a tear flowed down her cheek. “So long ago,” she said, “but I remember it so clearly. It was the same lady, the angel.”
“How…how long ago?” Luis asked.
Maria thought back. “Had to be forty years ago at least.”
Luis managed a slight laugh. “No, I mean, how long ago…”
“Oh! You mean…About a week ago.”
 She looked at Billy. “She looked exactly the same! She had to be an angel! Long ago I asked her if she was Changing Woman…after all this time she still looked the same, unchanged. Isn’t that funny?”
Billy smiled at her.
“Did you talk to her?” Luis said, feeling a tremble in his lips.
Maria shook her head. “No…She just appeared out of nowhere, just like she did forty years ago. She started walking with a strange kind of glow on her face. I was so surprised I just fell to my knees. And she walked right by me, and kept on going…like she didn’t even know I was there.”
“Kept on going…” Billy replied.
“Later I found the book. I assumed it was hers, but then I wondered… angels don’t carry books, do they?”

As they drove back to Billy’s, Luis’s eyes kept glancing to the book lying on the seat next to him. 
“Do you think she dropped it or left it?” Billy asked. “She must have dropped it.”
Luis didn’t answer. His mind was full of too many other questions.
“I wonder where she went,” Billy pondered. 
“This is impossible!…” Luis said under his breath.
Billy looked at him in surprise. “For you maybe, not for me, and not for that woman back there.” They drove on in silence for a while, then Billy said, “You’re gonna have to face up to it, my son. It’s not impossible any more. From now on, it is possible.”
Luis was going to protest, but then stopped himself. Moments later he said instead, “She’ll head for Colorado, of course.”
Billy looked at him and lit his pipe. “To find you?”
Luis nodded. “If it’s true, I believe she would…”
“And then?” Billy muttered in an afterthought.
Luis didn’t answer. He looked out on the white landscape and found himself searching the terrain and the horizon. Perhaps he would find her after he dropped Billy off and began his long trek back. Perhaps he would find a lone figure of a woman walking along the side of the road, hitchhiking. Maybe. Perhaps not. If he drove all the way back to Colorado Springs without finding her, it mattered little.
If he didn’t find her, she would find him. 

##


End of Book 1 - Thunderwalker : The Place Between Worlds

Book 2 -- Thunderwalker : The Chrysalis -- to be published soon

Also by Michael Schwaba on Smashwords.com :
The Unsettled


Michael Schwaba Bio here

