Ayann #1 A Fantasy Action Adventure 
Part A
Broken Sword In Dragon Dungeon


Text Copyright © 2013, 2014 by Kristie Lynn Higgins

Cover Art Copyright © 2013

Smashwords Edition

www.KristieLynnHiggins.com

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by an information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Start this series by TRYING the 1st book
#1 Shades of Gray:
Noir, City Shrouded By Darkness
Click here to TRY it
or go to my website
www.kristielynnhiggins.com/SOG1.html

Start this series by TRYING the 1st book
AabiLynn's Dragon Rite #0
Dragon's Brood: Egg Hatchlings' Ritual
Click here to TRY it
or go to my website
www.kristielynnhiggins.com/DR0.html

Also from the author
Beauty of the Beast #1
The Mystic Rose: Part A
Click here to TRY it
or go to
www.kristielynnhiggins.com/BOTB1PartA.html

Ayann #1 A Fantasy Action Adventure 
Part A
Broken Sword In Dragon Dungeon

The Valkyrie's Tale

Chapter One
Lessons Of My Youth
I was born among the snowcapped Mountains of Firedown in a Fotia village called Sprite's Glow.  The Fotia Race was a hearty, stout, tall people with hair the color of flame who long ago mastered the fire element.  Many a barbarian, valkyrie, warrior, and other weapon-style classes hailed from our race.  We had a high endurance to the cold and to fire, and we had a weakness to water magic and to poison.  Ours was a proud people who served our creator first and then loyalty and friendship above all else.  Those among the Fotia who didn't become a quester who banded together for excitement and gold or an adventurer who hired out their skills for prestige and money, farmed when it was hot and hunted when it was cold.  Our smoke grass filled a many of pipe, our hides warmed many a soul, and the meat we procured were some of the tastiest.
Afosiosi, my father, was the chief of Sprite's Glow and at the age of forty he still had no children.  He and my mother, Dynami, prayed an heir would be born to them and that a boy would bless them in their advancing age.  When my father turned forty-two and my mother forty, the creator of us all blessed them and my mother became pregnant with me.  During the Kafto Season, the last of the snow around Sprite's Glow melted away and the green of the smoke grass filled our fields.  My father would tell me later that my mother went into labor as the sun first appeared over Kindle Valley which was below our village.  It took the mid-wife till the moon was high above our lodge to coax me out.  My father would tell me that I came out shaking my little fists at the heavens as if proclaiming my arrival and warning all evildoers to beware.  When the mid-wife noticed my gender, she whispered to my mother that an heir hadn't been born.  Dynami turned her face from me as the mid-wife held me, and my mother refused to take me to her bosom.  My father came over to see why my mother refused to take me, then he took me from the mid-wife, and he held me tenderly in his strong arms.  He took one look at me and all the cares for an heir burned away like tinder in his heart, and he named me Ayann which means undying love.  Though not born a male, he adored me and treated me like a son.  My mother couldn't get over the shame of only having a daughter, and she passed on to the next life when I was four.
I don't remember much about my mother, but my father... I loved him, and we were inseparable.  His bushy red beard along with his long hair made him look like a Blazing Lion that hunted our lands.  A fire engulfed the lion when it was angered, but the flame never consumed it.  I remembered fondly when I was five, his beard scratched me when he gave me kisses.  I pretended I didn't like his affection and pushed him away.  He roared like the lion, baring his fingers like claws, then scooped me up in his arms, and gave me a hundred kisses.
As I grew, he taught me the bow and the sword and how to use my natural born powers of the fire element.  My father taught me many things about honor, loyalty, and that my word was my promise then on a day during the Kyro Season when I was fourteen, my father taught me the most important thing of all.
The cold had been a harsh one, and we traveled far from our home to hunt gray deer.  I had gone on many a hunt with my father before, but none in weather as frigid.  Even with our high endurance to the cold, it still felt like icy daggers pierced my body.  The only shield we had against nature's freezing weapons was to keep moving until we camped and made a shelter and a fire.  My father wore the wrappings of a horned grey bear over his Fotia clothes, which like mine, consisted of a gray deer skin long sleeve tunic and trousers, and fur lined boots.  I wore the white wrappings of the long-haired mountain goat over my Fotia clothes and a black fox hat with flaps covering my ears.  We each carried a bow and spear, and we bore a pack and quiver on our backs.
“Come, little cub,” my father called as he increased speed as if he were the horned grey bear who had caught scent of cooking meat.  “The morning is still early, and I have our first prey's marks in my sight.”
“Yes, father,” I said as I followed in his path through the foot deep snow; the white powder crunched with our bootsteps and yielded to our weight.
My father was like the plains rhino I had heard about, leaving ditches across the arid land where he walked, but instead of dirt and sand, my father's domain was snow and ice.  Or should I say, my father was like the blizzard beast who had no fear of where he treaded, moved where he willed, and unsettled mountains in his wake?  My father was a monster of a man, and I admired him deeply.  I wanted to be just like him.
“Come here, little cub.  Let me teach you a lesson of great importance.”
I walked over to him as he bent to the ground, pointed, and questioned me, “What do you see?”
“I see gray deer tracks,” I replied.
“Do you see anything else?”
I took a closer look and answered, “I see the old tracks of a horned bear.  The bear went through here before the deer, so it's not tracking out prey.”
“Do you see anything else?” my father repeated.
“I don't,” I replied, searched the ground again, and then asked, “What am I missing?”
“Nothing here–” my father replied as he stood, then motioned around us, and said, “–but you have missed plenty.  Do you see the Woolly Squirrel's nest above us?  Do you see the Long-haired Fox's den above us in the cliff?  Do you see the Frost Vulture circling above us in the sky?”
I peered up at the tree I stood by and saw a large clump of leaves on one of its branches.  I looked to the side of the mountain about four feet from the ground, and I saw a hole made by claws and marked with Long-haired fox scat.  I lifted my hand and shielded my eyes from the rising sun, looked to the clearing sky at the bird that seemed to float on the air, and then I told my father, “I do now.”
He put his arm around my shoulder, and it was very warm.  My father said, “Observe the world around you; sometimes it can give you clues to what you can't see.  For example, what does a circling Frost Vulture usually mean?”
“There is something dead close,” I answered.
“Well done.  Now look to the home of our woodland kin.  The nest of the Woolly Squirrel tells us we're in climates that reach freezing, and the den of the Long-haired Fox tell us we're at least a thousand feet up.  Observe the signs around you, and you can know things that most don't.”
I heeded my father's advice and continued with him as he trailed our prey.  The early morning went, and mid-morning smiled on us along with the sun, warming my face.  When we entered an area of the Mountains of Firedown that we had never been in before, my father held up his hand as he stopped beside a Scarlet Oak.  The tree was one of the largest of our homeland and its leaves were red in the spring and summer and turned to yellow as winter approached.  Right now it had no leaves.  My father told me long ago the roots of the oak were blue and we used them to dye our festive clothes.
My father studied the ground and then he told me, “Our prey's tracks have disappeared as if the very mountain hides it from us.”
“Did a lion or a bear snatch the gray deer?  Or did it leap up the side of the mountain?”
“No, there is no blood,” he answered as he examined the last few footprints of the deer.  “It's as if the very ground swallowed it.”  My father touched the dirt, then stuck his hand in the snow, and uttered, “What is this?  Webbing?!”  My father turned to me with a look on his face I had never seen before.  It sent shivers up my spine as I realized he was afraid and then he ordered me, “Don't move, little cub!  We may be standing on a...”
I unintentionally took a step back, and the snow collapsed beneath me, sending me tumbling backwards.  I fell headfirst into an ice cave through the root system of the Scarlet Oak when my ankle entangled in some of the vein-like extensions of the tree.  The root twisted my foot as it stopped my plummet after I had fallen a third of the way through.  The pain was excruciating and I cried out, sending my screams echoing through the large icy-blue cave.  I dangled there a few seconds, then the root broke under my weight, and I fell another five feet.  I landed and bounced in what looked like the white version of our mountain pumpkin's sinew minus the seeds.  I wriggled my arms and legs as I ignored the pain of my ankle, but I couldn't free myself of the foul smelling sticky substance that trapped me like a bug.
“Ayann!” my father yelled as he took his spear and hacked a hole for himself away from the webbing.  He removed a torch from his pack, lit it with his Fotia Fire, and then jumped down the entire fifteen feet after me.  He quickly searched the area with his torch, found nothing with us in the cave, and then moved to me, whispering, “We need to be quiet, little cub.”  He unsheathed his efficiency knife he named Floga from his belt, heated the blade with his Fotia Fire, and then started cutting at the steel-like webbing.
“This is a lair, isn't it?” I questioned my father in a low voice.
“Yes, we're within an Ice Wolf-spider's nest,” he told me as Floga cut through the sticky webbing as if it was deer flesh.  “They're very vicious creatures, so I wish not to tangle with them.  If I hurry, we may leave and you won't have to lay your eyes on those vile beasts.”
“Are they like most spiders in the way they hunt?” I questioned in a whisper as he released my right arm.  With my hand freed, I was able to use my Fotia Fire to burn away the webbing around my waist as my father cut at the webbing on my left arm.
“If you mean, do they use the vibrations of their webbing to know they have caught prey?  No.  They're like the spiders and the wolves that hunt by scent and sight.”
I feared my cries may have drawn our adversaries to us, but if they hunt by sight and scent then we should...  A hideous howl dashed my heartening thoughts, and then at least a dozen more howls joined in with their leader, crippling my hope.  I prayed they were a great distance from us and that the way the ice cave and tunnels had formed, amplified the sound and carried it to our ears, for it sounded like the pack was in the next room.  My father never turned around until he finished releasing me even though we heard the pack panting as they ran through the tunnels.  I landed on the ground and winced as I put weight on my twisted ankle.
My father knelt before me, looking me over as he questioned me, “Are you hurt?”
“My ankle, but I can walk on it a little,” I told him.
My father peered up at the hole we had come down from and then he told me, “We won't be climbing out of here without ropes.  We will have to find another way out but only after we have taken care of our adversaries.  Stand behind me and use your arrowed doused with your Fotia Fire until you have no more arrows.”  He stood, set his pack on the ground, and removed his battle ax from it; it was double-bladed and made from Fotia steel.  He stabbed the ax's pike into the icy ground.  He removed six arrows from his quiver and stuck their heads into a snowy patch and then he handed me his quiver as he said, “Take mine also.  Use your spear once you run out or if they get too close to you.”
I took his quiver with a shaky hand as the Ice Wolf-spiders sounded again, quaking my heart with their blood-thirsty barks and snarls.  I was dreadfully afraid of them even though we couldn't see them yet.
My father saw me trembling and quickly took me into his arms as he said, “Fear not, little cub.  Papa bear's here.  I won't let anything hurt you.”
I squeezed him back as I started to cry.
“Shed no tears,” he told me as he released me and stared into my face.  “Cry after a battle, never during.”
I nodded as I wiped my eyes and then my father retook his position some ten feet in front of me.  I knocked an arrow and pointed it toward the only entrance our adversaries could come at us from.  The opening to the cave we stood in lay a hundred feet away.  Darkness shrouded the area beyond that point.  I charged the arrow with Fotia Fire, but it was a different form than the one my father used to ignite the torch and heated his efficiency knife to searing hot; it was a level two form of Fotia Fire I had mastered only a few months ago.  The flame ignited the arrow but it didn't burn the wood.  It was as if the fire hitched a ride on the arrow and would only explode with its power once it made contact.  My father also knocked an arrow right before the first Ice Wolf-spider came into view.  It was the size of a small horse with a spider's head and a wolf's body.  My father released the string of his bow, and the arrow flew through the cavern, lighting up the walls of the ice cave as if they were crystal before the sunlight.  The arrow hit its mark, embedding deep within the beast's chest as it exploded with flames, and the arrow tumbled the beast as two more Ice Wolf-spiders came into view.  My father knocked another arrow before the first hit its mark, and he aimed for the second beast.  I let my arrow fly, and it missed as my father's hit the beast in its shoulder.  The Ice Wolf-spider tripped, but it soon rose back to its paws and took up the chase again as flames ate at its fur.  My father took it down with his third shot as I stood there feeling powerless to help.
“Shoot for the middle of their grouping till they are closer,” my father ordered me as he knocked his fourth arrow, he drew back the string, aimed, and let the flaming arrow fly as I knocked my second.  His fourth arrow hit the third Ice Wolf-spider right in one of its eight beady black eyes.
I released my arrow into a grouping of five that cleared the tunnel and this time my arrow hit, sinking into the back of a beast.  It howled and yelped, trying to grab the shaft with the claws of its mandible.  My father's next two arrows also hit their mark, taking out the last of the leaders; the rest of the pack came at us in a swarm.  I continued shooting to their center as my father took up his battle ax.  I counted at least another thirteen beasts as my father shouted his Fotia battle-cry and charged the pack with his ax held high.  I increased my shooting and started aiming for individuals now that the pack was closer.  The Ice Wolf-spiders focused on my father, and he beat back the pack.  My father mercilessly swung his mighty ax right and left, cleaving fur, flesh, exoskeleton, and bone.
Two of the Ice Wolf-spiders broke the formation they had around my father and came at me.  I panicked and cried out as I took a step back on my injured ankle.  I used the last of my arrows, so I reached for my father's quiver lying beside me.  I pulled an arrow just as the first beast leapt on me, knocking me to the ground.  I lifted my arm, keeping the beast's head back and the claws of the mandible that dripped with poison from reaching me.  The second Ice Wolf-spider came up beside me, and I knew I had no chance of stopping it.  Just as the beast started to jump, my father's ax embedded deep into the beast's head, cracking its skull open.  My father pried the blade from its skull and turned his ax on the beast upon me.  He sliced across its body, and its intestines spilled upon me.  I rolled the beast off of me as the last three Ice Wolf-spiders charged after us.  I stood to my feet and readied my spear.  One leapt for me and hurled me back into a wall and knocked me unconscious.  The last thing I remembered in the cave was my father calling out my name.
I went in and out of consciousness.  I felt my father lift me into his arms and carry me through the cave.  Unconsciousness...  My father took his ax to an ice wall and started chiseling a hole.  Unconsciousness...  My father pushed me through the hole and out across the snow.  Unconsciousness...  He placed me on his back and headed home.  Unconsciousness...  The sun hung high above us.  Unconsciousness...  The sun set over the mountains.  Unconsciousness...  The moon broke through the night, lighting our path.  Unconsciousness...  The sun rose, setting a new day in motion.  I noticed bite marks on my father's back; the Ice Wolf-spiders must have bitten him several times.  I also heard him laboring to carry me as he continued on through the snow.  Unconsciousness...
The first thing I remembered when I came to was that I wasn't cold.  I open my eyes and saw I lay in the hut of our healer, and I questioned her as she sat beside me, “Where is my father?”
“You've been sleeping for a few days, but–” she told me as she stood and motioned behind herself, “–he hasn't left your side.”
I expected to see my father sitting in a chair and smiling at me, but he was in worse shape than I.  My father lay on his back with deer furs covering him as sweat drenched his face.  His skin was pale as the snowcapped mountains, and streaks covered his cheeks and neck like black lightning.  I sat up and started to move from my bed when the healer tried to stop me.  I pushed past her, put weight on my wrapped ankle that was still a little sore, and went and sat beside my father.  I touched his red-bearded face, the one that I complained scratched me when I was a child.  I wished with all my heart he would sit up and roar at me like the Blazing Lion.
I asked the healer, “What happened to him?  We fell into an Ice Wolf-spiders nest, and the last thing I remembered...”
She interrupted me, “Your father told me that they outnumbered you.  You were beating them until one of them knocked you unconscious and went in for the kill.  He was able to slay all of them but not before two of them got in a few good bites on his back and arms.  Even though the poison slowly blackened the areas of flesh where they sunk their fangs in, your father carried you on his back for two days until the two of you reached our village.  He collapsed the moment someone saw him and came to your aide.”  She paused and then she said, “With all that went on in the cave, I thought you would have more injuries than a twisted ankle and a bump on your head.”
“He will be fine, right?” I questioned her.  “You have medicine that will cure the poison, right?”
“I'm sorry, child.  If I had gotten to him sooner, I might have...”
“No,” I yelled and then I wept on my father's chest.  “You can't leave me.  You can't.”
The healer told me, “All we can do is ease his pain and stay by him till the end.”
I heard her exit the hut, leaving me alone with my father.  I wept bitterly on my father's chest then after a while, I felt a hand touch my head, and I peered up to see that my father woke to my cries.
“I'm sorry, I shouldn't be crying,” I told him as I tried to dry my eyes.  “But...”
“The battle is over, little cub; you can cry.”
“It was all my fault,” I told him.  “I didn't heed your warning and stepped back into the Ice Wolf-spider's trap.”
“By the time I gave the warning, we were already standing on their trap,” he told me with a weak voice.  “I don't want you to cry about this anymore.  You're not at fault and you have nothing to feel guilty about.  Some things in life we have no control over.  I'll be leaving you soon, sooner than I had planned.  You should go to one of the schools and finish your training.  In truth, I have taught you all that I can.  I can see it in your eyes, you want to be an adventurer like my father was in his youth.”
“No,” I insisted.  “I want to stay here with you.  I don't want to leave you...”
“Listen, little cub...” my father started and then gasped for breath.  “I'll be leaving you.  It can't be help.  Death comes to all of us; we can't undo this part of nature nor should we.  Now please, let us spend our final moments together remembering old times.”
At first I refused to give in to his request, but then he took one of his hands and made a claw out of it and roared at me with what strength he had.  I laughed and cried and then after a few moments, I nodded to him.  We took turns telling each other stories of our past.  I did just as the healer woman told me, and I refused to leave my father's side.  He held on for four more days then went to our creator's arms.  My father taught me many important things, but he taught me the most important lesson while we were in the ice cave; he taught me the meaning of sacrifice.  He must have forsook his own body to make sure no harm came to me.  I will never forget his love and sacrifice.
I wept for a week till my cousin arrived from another village; he would take over as chief.  He told me I could stay with him or if I wish, he would sponsor me and I could go train in one of the classes.  There was nothing left to hold me in Sprite's Glow, so I chose to train as a valkyrie.

Chapter Two
A Fluffy Side Quest
Sixteen years have gone by since that horrible week.  The Freskada Season came again and with it new life, and I traveled mountain ranges away from Firedown.  I traversed a region that bordered the Mizu Race and the Fotia Race.  The Mizu Race was of average height with dark hair and eyes, short pointed ears, and they were strong in the water element.  I long ago finished my training as a valkyrie with a specialty in fire magic, and I had a new family to care for and protect, those who also called themselves adventurers.  I was on my way to meet with a member of my party when someone distracted me from reaching the Town of Lame Pony.  Foi, the leader of our party, had fussed at me for allowing things to distract me, but he had also told me that my caring heart was one of my strongest assets.
I came across a girl of the Mizu Race barely ten of age with hair dark as night.  She was crying, so I asked her, “Why do you weep?  Did someone hurt you?”
“No,” she told me.  “A creature came during the night and snatched my puppy away and dragged him into the dark woods.  My puppy had been tied outside.  No one will go with me to rescue my precious Fluffy.  They are too afraid of the goblins that live in the forest.”
“Goblins you say.  They can be nasty creatures,” I told her and when I saw the tears filling her large dark brown eyes, I melted like ice scorched by my flaming wrath and then I said, “First tell me your name and then answer me one question.  What were you going to do when you came across the goblin that took your puppy?”
“I am called Ko and to answer your other question, I had not thought that far ahead.  I guess I would fight the creature until I got my Fluffy.”
I looked up at the high sun and knew that Jisei would be angry with me for being late to meet her in the Town of Lame Pony, but a child was in need, so I told the girl, “I'll help you track down the goblin who took your puppy.  Take me to the spot where it was tied up.”
Ko took me to the back of her hut, and I saw the tracks surrounding the area and confirmed that it was a Chisana Goblin.  They were the smallest of all the goblin kin but none less vicious.  Ko would need my help if she was to get her puppy back, but I also had to teach her that she needed to rely on herself since those around her refused to help her.  I tracked the Chisana Goblin to its lair, and we started into its cave that went into the roots of a Kyodaina Oak Tree.  I lit a torch with my Fotia Fire and lit one for Ko also, and then I led the way down amongst the roots and deep into the lair.  At first, the air smelled of earth and must, but then the stench of the goblin's victims filled our nostrils.  I could tell that fear filled the girl the further down we went, so I armed her with my boot dagger and then I told her, “My father taught me a song that was passed down through the generations of my family.  We sing the song when we're afraid and want to stir up our courage.  I'll teach it to you.”
“Won't the goblin hear us if we sing?” Ko questioned me in her adorable little voice.
“It most likely will, but it will only send fear into the goblin, hearing us as we approach, so take heart and learn this song and sing it with me.”  I mustered up my voice and began with,

“On the Mountains of Firedown
live a people since time of old.
Great are their deeds and courage,
and none live so bold.

Fire flows through their veins and flame they have tamed
and Inferno Casters they are called.
Many sing praises of the Fotia Race
who hold their creator then loyalty and friendship above all.

Tread softly those who hold to evil
the Fotia Race will track you down.
They will smite those who pillage and rape
and send them to their ancestors' mound.

Come and sing with me and lift up your voices loud
to those who have gone before and now rest in our creator's arms.
When we carry sword and shield and hold to bow and arrow
evil doers will tremble, and they'll do no more harm.”

Ko sang with me and once we had finished singing it through a third time, we reached the goblin's lair.  The creature waited for us and leaped upon us as we entered.  I forced it back with a small ball of fire and then instructed Ko, “You need to smite the goblin and save your Fluffy.”
“Me?” she uttered in disbelief.  “You want me to kill the goblin?”
“Yes,” I told her.  “The puppy's yours so you must save it, but do not fear, I'll be right behind you.  Raise the dagger that I gave you and point its tip at the goblin's chest and drive the blade into the beast.”  As Ko gathered her courage, I placed a protection spell upon her that would shield her from harm.  At the goblin's current level, claws and teeth wouldn't be able to penetrate my shield-magic, but I didn't tell Ko.  She needed her fear to find her courage, and to know that the goblin could hurt her would bring out that terror-inducing-strength.
I watched as Ko charged the goblin as it came at us a second time.  The creature swiped at her three times with its claws and hit her across the shoulder and stomach.  The goblin clawed through her clothing but didn't knick her flesh as my shield-magic protected her.  Ko started to run away as the fierceness of her foe overwhelmed her, but then she heard her puppy whining and saw him in the corner.  She saw the bones surrounding the puppy; the image must have given her strength to turn on the goblin again and thrust with her blade.  She pierced the goblin's chest, and it fell to the ground writhing in pain.  Ko quickly ran over to her puppy, snatched it from the cage the goblin had put it in, and then she ran to me.
I ordered her, “Go back the way we came in.  I'll be right behind you.”  Ko bolted up the tunnel, heading up as I approached the goblin that was still writhing on the floor.  I drew my sword and finished the goblin, so that it no longer suffered from its fatal wound.  I followed Ko out and met her at the entrance to the lair.  Fluffy was licking her face, and Ko was crying for joy.
“Thank you.  Thank you so much,” she told me.  “You saved my puppy.”
“You're the one who saved your puppy.  I did nothing,” I replied.
“But you did,” she insisted.  “You came with me when no one else would, you taught me a song when I was afraid, and you gave me the courage to save Fluffy.  Without you, Fluffy would have died.”
“It is still your courage that saved your puppy; don't forget that.  Now come.  I'll escort you back to your hut.”  I started off and said to her, “Since you were so brave, I'm going to let you keep my dagger.  Keep it sharp, and it'll watch over you.”
I walked Ko and Fluffy back to their hut and as I started for my destination, she questioned me, “Are you heading for the Town of Lame Pony?”
“I am.  What of it?”
“I have a gift, but it is not that powerful yet; I can see a little into the future for others.  Let me see what your fortune holds while you are at Lame Pony and a few days into the future as my thanks to you.”
She closed her eyes and furrowed her brow before I could reply to her.  I hated hearing prophecies and predictions; they usually put a damper on things.  When Ko opened her eyes, a blue light engulfed them.
Ko spoke, “Do not be persuaded by the tongue of the dragon.  Lies mingle with the truth.  She is the power behind the throne.  The heart of a true paladin will be sacrificed after a sword has been broken.  A family feud will bring you to ruin.”  Ko stopped speaking, closed her eyes and when she reopened them, they were back to normal.  “Heed my words.  They may save you.”
“Umm... Thank you.  I'll remember your words and on that happy note, I bid you farewell,” I told her and then headed for my destination.  I was glad that I stopped and helped even if Jisei and Foi fussed at me later; it was worth it to see the smile on that little girl's face.  She adored her puppy as much as I adored my father, and I couldn't bear to think of them apart.  I do wonder what her prophecy meant; it sounded very ill-fated.

Chapter Three
Meeting Up With The Priestess
A few hours later...
In the Town of Lame Pony, a rain-drenched mire hole of ruffians and rogues, Jisei the Priestess and I headed for MyGard's Hammer and Anvil to resupply after completing our earlier quest in Trak'Daron Keep.  The sun hung mid-sky, not that any could tell for the thick dull-steel colored clouds wailing cockroach-sized drops on those who dared walk the muck covered streets.  Lame Pony's structures were built on ten foot stilts made out of MiShoal Wood; it was a natural waterproof material resistant to fungus and mold.  The day was especially rainy, and a moist chill clung to the air as we headed up a set of stairs to our destination.
We passed two gnomes taking shelter under the eave of Mia's Garments Shop.
I heard one of the gnomes say, “Have you heard?  The Duke's son has been missing for a while now.”
The other replied, “I heard a dragon ate him or was it he ate a dragon and died?”
“No, he's missing.  He went on some sort of mission and never came back.”
“I thought the Duchess was the one missing,” the second gnome spoke.
The first said, “I had not heard that.  What rumors have you heard or are you mixing up your facts again?”
“No,” the second replied and then he said, “I believe it was several months ago.  The Duke put up a reward for her safe return or maybe it was a reward for his son's safe return.”
“You dunce-head.  You're mixing up your facts again.”
We continued past them, and the gnomes' conversation faded into the background.  Jisei paused and admired a dress in one of the shops as I continued on.  I entered the lantern-lit shop warmed by the bladesmith's hearth, removed my Sphinx-hide parka, then shook it off as I bellowed, “By the heavens!  It's really coming down!  Does it never stop?”  I hung the parka on a large coat rack near the door.
MyGard who was half orc and half dark elf halted mid-hammer as he noticed me.  I was very tall, slim, and had a muscular human form with curly fiery-amber hair, and I was armed with a shield and a sword.  I wore a steel breast plate, shin guards, arm guards, and a winged helmet-cap.  As a trader and smith, MyGard most likely could tell the armor was of the Valkyrie Class because of the raven mark imbued on them along with the symbols for water, fire, earth, and wind.  He set the spearhead he was hammering in a bucket of water, and the hot steel hissed its complaint.  He wiped his sweaty hands on his apron, left his forge, and entered the connecting supply store.
He stated, “The rain does stop for a few weeks in the year, but that's usually when our river floods its banks and makes our town a small port.”
MyGard looked to the front door as Jisei entered and pulled back the hood of her cloak.  She was of the Mizu Race and had long silky black hair pulled back in two buns and eyes the color of black walnut wood.  She was of average height and a head shorter than myself.  Jisei carried a silver staff with a large green jewel fixed atop.  She wore a white full-length dress with a long sleeve button-up overcoat and white boots which only the tips could be seen under her dress; the buttons and trim on the clothing were silver.
Jisei shut the door and spoke, “I shall start on our list and Ayann, remember what Foi said.”
“I know,” I replied in almost a pout.  “Stick to the list, don't buy what we don't need.”  I noticed a glint on the wall as I continued speaking, “Only buy...  Ohh...”  I could feel my sapphire eyes light up with excitement as I questioned the owner, “What kind of sword is that?”  I walked over to a wall filled with hanging weapons and pointed to one beyond my reach.
MyGard peered up to the hand-and-a-half sword with a lava-red blade and a black hilt and answered, “That's Molten.  It's made from Ainigma-elf steel.”
I glanced back and saw Jisei pick up a few healing potions and add them to a small wheeled shopping cart she had grabbed at the front of the store.  She told me, “Ayann, please stick to the list.  Foi shall be angry if you buy any more weapons.  You are already taking up more than half of our covered wagon.  Anyway, I have the coin purse and you spent your last in the previous town.”
“Look how pretty it is,” I told her and then begged, “Oh please, Foi won't know.  Give me a few coins.”  I put my hands together and walked over to the priestess in an earnest plea.
“Absolutely not!”  Jisei put a few mana potions in the shopping cart as she added, “Your valkyrie charm shall not work on me.”
“Oh please.”  I moved behind her, tenderly wrapped my arms around Jisei's neck, leaned my head on her shoulder, and said, “Foi won't know; anyway, remember the time we first met.  You had gone bathing in a lake and a thief stole all your clothes.  I happened by and you pleaded for my help.  You were so embarrassed you wouldn't leave the lake.  I found out later it was because no one had ever seen you naked.  It was starting to get cold, so I tracked down the thief, gave him a good beating, and he agreed to return your clothes.  You were nearly frozen by the time I returned, so I made a fire and after you dressed, you warmed yourself by it.  I think you owe me for that.”
Jisei held fast in my warm and convincing embrace as she replied, “And I have repaid you threefold for saving my dignity, so your sly ploy shall not work this time.  With that said, you can now release me.”
I squeezed her tighter and questioned, “Are you afraid one of your sisters of the order might see us and spread rumors?”
“Actually, yes.  They can be so vicious when it comes to things like this; besides, you know how I appreciate my personal space, and yet–” I saw Jisei's eyebrow twitch with her irritation in a mirror on the table in front of us before she continued, “–you insist on toying with me and being so affectionate.  Please stop touching me.”
“But I love all of you, even you, my pious uptight friend.”  I released her and quickly grabbed the leather money pouch from her belt as I said, “Foi won't know.  I'll take a few...”
Jisei lost her groomed demeanor and yelled, “You are like an orc's child!  You never take no for an answer and you only understand force!”
She smacked my hand with her metal staff, and the jewel sparked green as she zapped me with a small jolt.  I released the pouch, and it levitated over to Jisei's hand.
“Troll dung!” I shouted as I shook my hand for the pain.  “Why did you do that?”
“Because one of us needs to have self-control.”  Jisei looked to MyGard, realized his mixed race, and told him, “I do apologize for my earlier outburst.  It was unladylike.”
“No apology necessary.  It's true what they say about orc children.”  He smoothed his hand over his fleshy crown and then he said, “I have the knots on my head to prove it.”  He thought back and cringed as he said, “Mother favored the metal ladle.”
I turned and faced the sword as if I was Ko and the sword was the puppy I had lost.  “But I want Molten.  MyGard,” I started.  “Maybe we can do a straight out trade.”
“Ayann...” Jisei warned as she continued shopping.
A Woodland Elf came in the shop and greeted, “Good morning.”
“Morning?  Have you been drinking again?  It's already past high sun,” MyGard said and then he added, “And when did we ever have a good morning.”
“True,” the Woodland Elf said.  “But the day is a good one for me.  The Duchess has increased the amount of meat we cater to her table.”
“I thought the Duchess was of the Lehdet Race, and they don't eat meat.”
“I assume the increase is for the Freskada Festival they are having.”
MyGard went over and grabbed some knives he finished sharpening yesterday and he said, “You should have your own sharpening wheel since your a butcher.”
“What would you do all day if I didn't bring my knives in?”
“I would have a life,” MyGard replied and then he said, “Five copper pieces.”
The Woodland Elf paid and then left.  I walked back up to MyGard and repeated my earlier statement in a whisper, “Maybe we can do a straight out trade for the sword.”
“What did you have in mind?” he asked as he eyed an old efficiency knife tucked in the front of my belt and pointed.  “What about that?”
Grabbing a yeti-hide sheath covered in thick white fur, I removed the knife, grabbed the gray deer antler hilt, and drew it.  The knife, Floga, was thirteen inches in all and the blade eight.  I replied, “No, my father gave this knife to me before he died along with my mother's sphinx sharpening stone.”  The sad thought distracted me for a moment, and I muttered, “My poor stone.  Where did you go?”  I let that thought trickle away and told him, “I could never part with the knife, but...”  I sheathed the efficiency knife, and tucked it back in my belt, then removed a smaller dagger from the back of my belt.  “I found a Crenian Dagger on our last venture.  It's no good to me as a weapon, but is of great value to collectors.”  I showed the blade to him and then I said, “It's made of pure gold and has four large rubies in the hilt.”
MyGard took the dagger and examined it.  His dark eyes slightly widened, then he tried to hide his avaricious surprise.  He told me, “There is value in the gold and rubies, but it comes nowhere near the value of Molten.”  He handed the dagger back as if it didn't tickle his greedy-bone and then he told me, “The best I can do is to trade you the dagger for the sword plus you give me a hundred gold coins.”
“MyGard...  MyGard...” I sang with disappointment.  “And here I was being generous, but if you're going to be that way; fine, a hundred gold should do it, but you'll be paying them to me, plus the sword, and–” I pointed to the wall. “–that throwing ax for the dagger.  Or didn't you think a valkyrie would recognize one of Boreman the Great Goldsmith's creations?”
He muttered his complaint, “Troll dung!  And here I thought you were another musclebound meat-head.  Blast it!”  He mulled over my offer a few moments more and then said in a calmer voice, “We can strike a deal.”  MyGard retrieved his ladder and climbed high enough for him to grab the hand-and-a-half sword and the throwing ax.  He took my dagger and gave me the weapons along with a hundred gold coins.
Jisei approached with a look of disapproval on her face as she said, “I have everything but the mead.”
“A dwarf came in yesterday and bought up all I had,” MyGard stated as he placed the priestess' items in a sack.  “And my supplier won't be here until the day after tomorrow.”
I said, “Frieden will be unhappy and when the barbarian's unhappy, I'm unhappy.  I think we can afford to buy him a few small kegs of beer.  Oh, and while we're at it, I could buy him...”
Jisei said flatly, “No.”  She paid MyGard for the supplies she gathered.
“Why not?  He would love a new double-headed ax to go along with the throwing one I bought him.”
“No, now come along,” Jisei commanded, then turned to the shop owner, and said, “We shall be going.”
“Not until I buy the ax,” I insisted, but knew she wouldn't fall for it, so I had to bribe her.  I remembered her pausing outside and I uttered, “Wait...  I could also buy you a dress.”  I hurried over to the clothing area and picked up an emerald colored one.  “This one would fit your form and show off your legs to the archer.”
“I do not need that womanizing scoundrel Amabilidad looking at my legs!” Jisei yelled, put a hand to her mouth after she squeaked out in anger, and then added, “He steals women's underwear for conquest trophies!”
Walking over to her, I held up the dress to Jisei and stated, “But it would look so cute on you.  We could maybe let down your hair and...”
“If you like it so much, buy it for yourself!  And you are one to talk about hair.  Foi and Amabilidad have to hold you down so that I can take a brush to yours.”
I put a hand to my unkempt hair and then spoke, “You're really being mean today, and have you forgotten I don't like dresses?  Amabi would really have liked to see you in this.”  I shrugged and then said, “Oh well...”  I put it back and started looking through the jewelry.  “Maybe I can buy you a ring or a necklace.  Oh, look...  MyGard has a Hatirlamak Bracelet.”  I picked up the piece of jewelry, rushed over to MyGard, and paid him the price he asked for the gold bracelet.  I placed my hand over the Hatirlamak Emerald, used my Valkyrie Magic to place my image and a message within the emerald, and my palm glowed with the magic as I started back to the priestess.  When I finished, I placed the Hatirlamak Bracelet on her wrist and said, “There...  It looks good on you.  Whenever you want to see my bright and shiny face, you only have to place your palm over the emerald and think of me.  An image will appear and it'll speak the message I left for you.  Now...  I just have to pick out an ax for Frieden and...”
Jisei didn't look at the bracelet.  Her eyebrow twitched again as she threatened, “Know one thing, Ayann, you have brought this upon yourself.”  She struck her staff on the wooden floor, and its jewel glowed as a green misty energy surrounded me and lifted me up, cocooning me.
“Jisei, put me down!” I shouted.
“If our quest goes well, we shall be back in a few days to purchase the mead,” Jisei told MyGard as her eyebrow still twitched and then she went out the door as I followed, levitating after her.
“Put me down!” I yelled louder.  “Wait!  My parka!  Don't forget my parka!”
Jisei stepped back in and took the parka off of the coat rack and added it to the sack of supplies.
“Thank you,” I said sweetly and then yelled, “Put me down!”
“You are welcomed, and not until you have learned you must listen to me when Foi puts me in charge.”
“I did listen to you,” I insisted.
“That is true, but then you ignored my commands.”  Jisei headed down the stairs to the street.
“I didn't ignore you; I only ignored what you said,” I insisted again.
Jisei stomped her staff on the last step and her power flipped me so that I dangled upside down and my helmet-cap fell off.  Jisei said, “You are still not listening, and have I not told you to strap on your helmet.”  She bent down, picked it up, and then added it to the sack.  “It shall not protect your head if it falls off.”
“Yes, you have many times, and I'm listening!  I'm listening!  Put me down!”
“Not yet,” Jisei told me.  “I still do not believe you.  Now repeat after me, Jisei is wise, and I should listen to her.  Her piety has no bounds.”
I questioned, “What does your piety have to do with my selective hearing?”
“I said repeat after me or do you want me to leave you in there until we catch up to Foi?”
“And have him see me like this?  I swear if you don't put me down, I'll...  I'll...”
“Silly valkyrie, you should know a priestess' patience is as great as her piety.  I shall keep you in my cocoon until you repeat after me.”
“Jisei, you're so unfair!  I'm going to break out of this cocoon and give the archer a pair of your panties for his collection.”
“You would not!  People would talk and the sisters of the order...  No!  I cannot let you win.  I am standing firm on this, repeat after me or face Foi as a trapped butterfly.”

Chapter Four
The Request For Help
Before our group separated after we finished our exploits within Trak'Daron Keep, I placed an  observant-eye spell on Foi our leader so I could keep tabs on the men.  They can get into so much trouble when they're on their own.  The observant-eye spell normally placed a non-corporeal eye the size of a melon over top of the head of the one the spell was cast on; it had tentacles like a jellyfish.  The observant-eye can see everything within a fifty feet circumference even if a person or a wall was blocking its view.  It could also peer into a person's soul and know what they were thinking if their emotions were strong enough.  I had placed my observant-eye spell on Foi's shield so not to freak out any with magic abilities who might be able to see it whisking about.  With it on Foi's shield, it was less conspicuous.  I decided to take a look in on our other three members since I was trapped by Jisei spell.  I melded minds with the observant-eye.
Foi and the others had already arrived at their destination and were walking within the palace.  Built atop a hill overlooking Lame Pony sat Duke Vindex and Duchess Delir's palace.  Many royalty from the area were staying at the palace to attend the month long Freskada Festival that was held there every year.  Crowds of people ate and drank around the lavish grounds.  Music filled the air along with the scent of wine, beer, and cooked meats.  Foi and the others of our party went to inquire of the Duke about a dangerous quest.  A servant escorted them towards the throne room once they arrived, and many of the guests paused as they went by.
“Who are they?” Duchess Delir asked Cassia her lady in waiting.  She and Cassia were walking the opposite way towards the indoor gardens the palace was famous for.  Delir commented, “I have never seen them before.”
“I do not know for sure, my lady; perhaps they are the adventurers the Duke sent for to deal with your vexing problem.”
Delir eyed the tallest of the three men.  He was a light skinned human of the Lac Et La Foret Race.  The Lac Et La Foret Race lived near the lakes of the forest and were strong in water and earth magic.  He wore steel plate armor with the Paladin Crest of the Red Cross centered on his breastplate with two smaller crosses on each shoulder.  He carried a large shield with the crest and had a long sword sheathed on his back.  His blue-gray eyes were as staunch as his armor.  His brown hair was kept very short and his face was shaven.  He proudly walked, in total faith of the path before him.
Delir said, “It would be a shame if that is the reason they came.  I would hate a man as handsome as he to go without first visiting my bed chamber.”
Cassia told her, “My lady, he is a Paladin of the Order of Bheidh.  I doubt he would yield to your seductive charms.”  She motioned to the other two men and then Cassia told her, “The barbarian and the archer would not have such qualms about you being a married woman.”
Delir let her eyes lustfully wander over the scantily clad muscular human wielding a double-headed ax.  He had sun-darken skin, blue eyes that were like cooling pools in the desert, wild blonde hair that flowed loose down his mid-back, and he had a scruffy face that she visualized scratching her smooth skin as he ravaged her all day long.  He wore fur lined leather wrists guards, shin guards, and boots.  His hairy chest was bare beneath a gray wolf-skin parka; he also wore a wolf-skin loincloth.  Delir focused on him a few moments more till her sexual fantasies turned her attention to the man who was half Lac Et La Foret and half Woodland Elf.  The archer had light brown skin that was a mark of his Woodland Elf heritage, a long black mustache she could twirl her finger around, and long black hair pulled back in beaded braids.  His threads consisted of a dark green velvet vest, a light brown cotton shirt, and dark green cotton pants that the woodland elves usually wore.  The only armor he wore was an armguard made of silver.  He also wore a quiver on his back and carried a bow.  The archer winked at her as they passed, and both Cassia and Delir giggled.
I pulled from the melding for a moment as if I had to take a breath after diving deep within a lake.  As I thought, the archer was already getting into trouble.  Hopefully Foi could keep him from losing his head.  I connected again with the observant-eye, and I was back within the Duchess' mind.  I prayed she would journey out of my spell's range soon.  I didn't like the way she was thinking.
“As tempting as it would be to have them both in my bed tonight catering to my every whim–” Delir sighed and continued in the direction they had been walking. “–my husband has other plans for them.”
A few moments later, Foi glanced back at the archer and warned, “Keep it in your pants while we are here.  The Duke shall be our patron if we take this next quest.  I would hate to upset him.”
“Or lose our heads if he beds his wife or daughter,” Frieden the Barbarian said.  “Remember the kingdom we were in four quests back?  Amabilidad bedded the queen's daughter...”
“Actually, I bedded the queen and her daughter,” Amabilidad boasted.
Frieden angrily glanced at the archer as he spoke, “I still haven't forgiven you for that one.  The only way the two of us could escape was by dressing up as women.  Look at me, I make for a huge woman.”
“And an ugly one,” Amabilidad added.  “Now I looked good as a woman.  I actually had a few men offer me gold to...”
Frieden interrupted, “Now we can add whoring to your list of depravities.  I don't know why Foi puts up with you.”
“I'm his half-brother; he has to put up with the black sheep of the family.”
I broke my connection with the observant-eye to deal with Jisei over another matter, and then I returned to the meld.
The servant had showed them into the throne room, and the three men stood before the Duke.  A few guards were positioned around the room as a maidservant carried a tray and offered a goblet of wine to her lord.  He took it and then looked over the three adventurers.  They were as he expected, and he grinned before taking a sip of the sweet product of his vineyard.  There was one other servant in the room, and he held a platter of ribs of the giant boar native to the land.  A new servant would come in every hour and trade places, bringing in a new type of meat around the clock during the Freskada Festival.  A few dogs sat along the wall mindfully watching the platters of meat and hoping for guests to drop scraps of food.
“Welcome adventurers to my kingdom,” Duke Vindex greeted as he wiped a bit of wine from the corner of his mouth.  He was slightly over weight and advancing on middle age.  “First let me say that I am impressed with your achievements and...”
Foi interrupted, “If we could get right to the reason for you summoning us here, we can begin to solve your problem.”
Duke Vindex laughed as he spoke, “I was told you are not one for chit-chat, paladin.  By all means, to my problem then.”  He vanquished his smile as his manner became grave and then he said, “A plague has come upon my kingdom.  A malignant evil has invaded the peace of my realm.  A creature known as a dragon-harpy has set up residence in an ancient dungeon keep fortress at the western edge of my domain and has ravaged the land, so much so, that she has raped it of life.  The dragon-harpy is gathering an army to subdue my kingdom, and I want her stopped.”
“An army?” the archer uttered and then glanced at his brother.  “What could we do against an army?”
“Yes,” Foi added.  “You did not summon us to face an army.  What do you need us for?”
“The main fortress sets atop a vast catacombs that makes up the dungeon keep.  It is supported by ten large columns.  I need a small group to go in along with my necromancer and set up pyroworm nits.”
The necromancer stepped forward, holding a staff in one hand and one of the pyroworm nits in the other.  He wore a full length black robe trimmed in raven feathers and sandals.
Amabilidad questioned, “Are those the teats?”
“He said nits you lecherous ogre,” Frieden said.  “Do you have nothing but breasts on your mind?”
“The item he's holding does look like a round luscious...”
“Amabilidad, if you do not silence yourself right now, I shall tell Ayann you were the one who stole her sharpening stone,” Foi threatened.
The archer exclaimed, “The one her father gave her that once belonged to her mother?!  But she already beat a bridge troll nearly to death because she thought she saw it in his hand.  The poor creature was merely holding a fire stone.”  He gulped and then uttered, “Brother, you wouldn't.”
“I would.”
The archer's face paled, and he said no more.
Foi stated, “Please continue Duke.  There shall be no more interruptions.”
“This is Lyge, my necromancer, and he is holding a pyroworm nit.”
Lyge lifted the melon sized egg as he said, “The nit of the pyroworm is filled with an oil-like substance that when lit can burn through anything.  I have placed a Chimera Tear in each of them that are magically linked to me and once we have set the nits and cleared the dungeon keep, I can detonate the nits all at once and destroy the columns and bring down the fortress.”
“These are why I need your group,” Duke Vindex stated.  “I want you to set up these powerful devices at each of the columns, then Lyge will set them off, and I will be rid of this monster that has turned my kingdom upside down.”
Frieden spoke up, “I have never faced a dragon-harpy before.  Come to think of it, I've never heard of her race.  What can you tell me of her kind?”
Amabilidad forgot about his brother's threat and added, “I also have never heard of such a creature.  Does she look human?  Is her form pleasing to the eyes?”
“Get your mind out of the mire,” Frieden said.  “The Duke speaks of a conquest dealing with steel and sweat, not a conquest in your bed.”
“I was merely thinking it didn't matter how we defeated her as long as we did.”  Amabilidad turned his attention to the two women that entered the throne room who they had passed earlier.  He noted one of them was ogling him as a horned bear ogles a honeycomb.  Amabilidad said, “But you may be right.  Taking her head would be easier than...”  He noticed his brother's unwavering look, remembered his warning about Ayann and her sharpening stone, and didn't finish his depraved sentence.
“To your earlier question, barbarian and archer–” Duke Vindex started. “–she does look human and has led foolish men into her lair of deceit.”
Delir continued into the throne room along with her lady in waiting as Delir questioned, “Are you speaking of our foolish son?”
Delir grabbed a drumstick of a turkey as a new servant with a tray walked past them into the throne room.  She took a few bites of the dark meat and then threw it to the floor for the dogs to fight over.  The new servant took the place of the one with ribs, and the servant with ribs left the throne room.  The Duke stood till his wife sat next to him.  The lady in waiting stood with the male servant that had led the three adventurers to the throne room.
Duke Vindex sat as he motioned to the Duchess and spoke, “Paladin Foi, this is my lovely wife, Delir.  She is the gem of my eye and a woman of great virtue and charity.”
Foi bowed to her and said, “It is an honor to meet you.”
Delir questioned, “Are there only three in your group?”
“No, there are two others.”
“More men?” Delir inquired.
“No, two other women.”
“Oh.”
“Do you wish to meet them?” Foi questioned her.
“No, that is not needed.  They must be very busy preparing for your next quest.”
Amabilidad looked over the Duchess with wanting eyes as he asked, “Why did you mention your son?”
“He has gone missing, and we fear the worse.”  Delir removed a handkerchief from her sleeve and dabbed her eyes before saying, “If you find him in the dungeon keep fortress, perhaps you could return him to us.  He is so missed.”
“We will,” Frieden shouted as he smacked his chest with his fist.  “If he is still alive, we'll rescue him from the vile monster and return him to you.”
Delir looked to her husband as he looked at her then she faced the adventurers and said, “Thank you, thank you very much.  I am not naive and know the chances of seeing him again are slim; if you cannot return him to us, at least obliterate the temptress who stole him from us.”
Foi questioned, “Can you tell us a little more about what happened to your son?”
“Yes,” Delir replied.  “He and another group went to the dragon-harpy's dungeon keep fortress about five fortnights ago and have not been heard from since.  He is most likely part of her fare.”  She dabbed the handkerchief to her eyes again as she sniffed.  “My poor foolish son.  He should have listened to us.”
Duke Vindex reached over and tapped her hand with his as he said, “There...  There...  He still may return.”
“Do you have a map of the area we shall be going in?” Foi asked.
“Yes,” Duke Vindex replied as he leaned over the throne and grabbed a small bag and a few parchments.  “It is here along with partial payment.”
The man servant stepped forward, Duke Vindex handed them to him, and the man servant walked over and handed them to the paladin.
“Is there anything else you require?” Duke Vindex questioned.
“No, and we shall take our leave now,” Foi answered, turned, and headed out of the throne room.  The archer, the barbarian, and the necromancer followed, and they entered the main hall.
I broke my connection with the observant-eye for Jisei and I waited for Foi and the others outside the throne room.  I had given in to Jisei's demands, told her what she wanted to hear, and was back on my feet.  I wasn't happy.
Foi eyed me with a vexed look once they came out of the throne room, and then he asked me, “Why are you covered in mud?”
I held myself as if the mud was still wet and dripping from me and started to reply, “That would be because...”
Jisei interrupted me, “That would be because she cannot follow simple instructions and her new sword pierced my cocoon, slicing it open.”
“Pierced?!  Sliced?!” I uttered.  “It popped, and I went splat to the street.  People thought I was a loosed pig because I was so covered with mud.  And–” I glared at the priestess as I said, “–my sword was still in its sheath.  I believe you're the one who popped the cocoon!”  I peered down at myself and muttered, “I need a bath.”
“I have been telling you that for days,” Jisei added.  “But you would not even listen then.”
I ignored her and kept talking, “Foi, can I...”
He raised his hand, silencing me and questioned the priestess, “Is it true she bought a new sword?”
I pointed at the priestess and then to myself as I asked, “Why are you asking her?  I'm right here!”
“Quiet!” Foi ordered and then asked, “Jisei, did she?”
“Yes, shidesha, she bought one and a throwing ax.”
The barbarian perked up at the mention of the weapon.  He glanced at me, and I smirked back at him before I turned my attention back to Foi.  The paladin noticed my smirk, so I quickly vanquished it.
“Ayann, I am very disappointed,” Foi said.  “You did not need another weapon.  For penance, you shall not bathe until our latest venture is done.”
“Foi!” I yelled and then complained, “That's not fair!  The mud stinks, it's caked all over my body, and–”  I scratched my face. “–it's making me itch!”
“This is your penance!  Accept it and accept it in silence!” Foi commanded.
I folded my arms and muttered, “Self-righteous pompous troll's arse!  Why are you always making me do penance?”
Foi ignored me, faced the others, and commanded, “Let us go.”  He continued on and one by one everyone started to follow.
As the others walked on leaving me behind standing there like a punished child, Lyge tilted his wooden staff, halted the archer, then leaned to him, and commented, “Was not the paladin a little hard on the valkyrie?”
Amabilidad laughed as he answered, “Not in the least.  If Foi didn't keep her reined in, she would run around like a wild child.”
The necromancer moved his staff and the two men walked on.  I started after them in a pouting march, then I gave Amabilidad a good glare as I walked around him and the necromancer.  The archer gulped as he caught my besieging eye, swarming with reminders of earlier retaliations.  I turned my attention forward and soon I relinquished my march to a steady walk and then a carefree skip.  Moments later in my mind, all was forgotten and forgiven, and I went and wrapped my arm around Foi's.  He looked to me and smiled slightly.
Lyge said, “They are very chummy.”
“You could say that,” Amabilidad stated.  “They're engaged to marry this Kryo Season.”
“Those two?” Lyge uttered.  “They are like fire and ice.”
“I know, but they make it work.  Foi doesn't show it, but he deeply loves Ayann, and she loves him most of all.”
“Most of all?” Lyge questioned.
Amabilidad walked a little ahead, then stopped, and said, “You might see a battle harden valkyrie before you, but you'll come to find that Ayann's a very loving person.”
Lyge also stopped and inquired, “How do you know?”
“Because she loves a womanizing rogue like me.”
Lyge looked to the valkyrie and then back to the archer.  “So she has no qualms whom she beds?”
“You are confused my friend,” Amabilidad said and then started after the group.  “Her affection is from the heart, not from the loins.”
Soon we left the castle and rode to our covered wagon we had left in the care of a stable that was above the rain plain of the region.  Jisei loaded our newly bought supplies in the wagon as I showed the barbarian the throwing ax I purchased for him.  I still scratched at the mud caked on my face and arms, groaning over the penance the self-righteous pompous troll's arse of a paladin gave me.
“This is a fine wood-elf blade,” I told Frieden as I smoothed my hand over the small ax.  “It flies true, and I have imbued it with a fortified speed spell.  All you have to do is wear its sheath in your belt and you'll feel as though you're passing the wind.”
Amabilidad helped Jisei load the supplies as he made the comment, “You shouldn't have done that.  The barbarian passes wind enough to kill a horde of trolls.”
“Funny coming from a man who smells of harlots,” Frieden growled.
“What?  I can't help that they like to hang all over me,” Amabilidad said.  “I'm a very attractive male, unlike most of their clientele.  At least I get to bed them while you stand in a corner all doe-eyed and tongue-tied, hoping your barbarian physique will subdue them.  You do know you have to come out from behind your mother's apron and shield if you want the girls to notice you.”
Frieden barked, “Shut it!  You're jealous because Ayann bought me a gift.”
“Actually–” I started as I reached into my bag. “–I did buy Amabi a silver arrow for his quiver, in case we run into any more specters.”
Frieden laughed, mocking the archer, “That's right!  Amabilidad was covered in ectoplasm after Ayann exploded it with her Fotia Fire.  You glowed for a week after that.”
Amabilidad shook his head and spoke, “Please don't remind me.  I still find bits of it in my hair.”
“Everyone prepare,” Foi commanded, breaking up the discussion.  “We set out in ten minutes and shall travel until we reach Dead Stump Ridge that overlooks the Brahaigne Valley and there make camp.  We shall make our plans there, get a good night's rest, and then set our plan into action on the morrow.”

Chapter Five
A Valkyrie, A Paladin, And An Archer Walked Into A Bar...
I took my turn steering the covered wagon as my horse followed tied to the back.  Ahead of the covered wagon, Foi, Amabilidad, Lyge, and Jisei rode horses while Frieden rode a horse-reptilian called a Pferd-crawler some distance behind the wagon.  Pferd-crawlers looked like a large horse with a mane, but they had six massive legs, fangs, and claws instead of hooves.  Frieden and I were the only ones the Pferd-crawler would let near it.  Frieden named it Ort for all the white spots that covered its black hide, and Amabilidad often made fun of him for it.  Frieden was a member of the Wuste Race who were blonde, large, muscular brutes who lived in the desert.  The Wuste Race had no natural born magical abilities, so they often joined non-magical weapon class schools.  Frieden belonged to the Rau Clan, one of the fiercest of the Wuste Race.  It was a tradition of the Rau Clan that young Wuste braved the barren wastelands of their homeland and capture a Pferd-crawler youngling and become master over the savage beast.  Many a Wuste youth lost limb or life to this archaic tradition.  Jisei claimed that my Valkyrie Charm was the reason I was able to draw near Ort, but Frieden told me that wasn't so.  The Pferd-crawlers were chosen for this tradition because they were immune to any such magical charms and enchantments that controlled animals.  The Wuste youths had to use their wits and brawn to subdue the beasts.  Frieden told me he wasn't sure why Ort didn't bite my head off when I neared him for the Pferd-crawler had already killed on three other occasions.  I told the barbarian it was because we had become friends.
Frieden had laughed at the notion and told me, “Pferd-crawlers make no friends of people; they only make meals of them.”
The sky pushed us along with wind and rain toward Brahaigne Valley.  We wore rain gear and moved at a snail's pace for the muck and poor visibility.  As the day went on, the rain warmed only slightly and decreased its assault on us enough that we could quicken our speed to make up for lost time.  I would be grateful once we left the damp area.
Elephant-sized Sludge Frogs croaked around us as we entered the Region of Lakes.  Giant lily pads littered the waters along with a few dozen frogs resting on them and watching us as if we were tasty flies.  Jisei cast a spell of calming on the amphibians and a chameleon spell on us, and the frogs never bothered us.  The terrain slowly changed from the mucky lake region to the rocky barren lands.  The rains lessened and the humidity dropped till the area was dry and cold as the bones of a Frost Vulture.  Bountiful cumulus clouds were replaced by stingy stratus clouds, and the dreariness that had been brought on by the constant rain was replaced by a hopeless hollowness caused by the bleakness of the lifeless area.
We made camp at Dead Stump Ridge that was near a cliff overlooking the desolate Brahaigne Valley, a dale of large misshapen and jagged rocks.  We laid out our rain gear to dry then set about to make camp.  The sun started its descent as I lit a fire with my Fotia magic and hung a kettle pot for stew.  Frieden tended to the riding animals as Amabilidad unhooked the covered wagon's heavy horse called Flemish and then gathered wood for me.  Jisei restocked healing potions in everyone's bags and added manna potions to Foi, her own, and my bag, and then she meditated, storing up her manna to its limits.  Foi set up a few torches around a flat rock that was at table height and laid out the map Duke Vindex gave him of the region.  He and Lyge looked it over as the necromancer motioned to a few points of interest; Foi rolled out a map of the fortress over it and then the dungeon keep over top of the second one.  The maps included details of the dungeon keep's levels that went underground and the areas around the ten columns but had little information on the fortress.  A few hours went by and the sun dipped beyond sight, allowing darkness to lay siege.  We gathered around the maps before we ate so Foi could lay out his plan, and we looked on under torch light.
“Before you continue,” Jisei said to the paladin.  “Can you explain what a dungeon keep fortress is?  I know what a dungeon is; one kind holds prisoners while the other is a place that holds treasure and/or monsters.  I know the second one well because I have cleared many of them with all of you on our quests.”
Foi replied, “A dungeon keep is the innermost and strongest part of a structure and always underground, where in most cases, the residents retreat to if an attacker breaches the upper structure's defenses.  The dungeon keep can be as vast as the dungeons we have cleared or as small as a single room.  This one is huge and also holds the support columns for the upper structure,” he finished answering her, then pointed to the second map, and said, “We shall all go into the catacombs of the dungeon keep.  We shall enter through an old lava flow tunnel here and once we reach the catacombs, Jisei, you shall position yourself here at the bottom of the spiraling staircase that leads up to the main fortress and guard our retreat.  Jisei, you shall also set up protection spells for everyone.”
“Do I need to set up spells for you, Lyge?” she questioned.
The necromancer answered, “No, I shall use my own magic.”
Foi continued, “The rest of us shall go to our assigned column and set the pyroworm nit.  When that is done, we shall all meet back with Jisei and once we have all gathered, we shall leave through the lava flow tunnel.  Once we are outside and a safe distance away, Lyge shall use his magic, detonate the pyroworm nits, and bring down the fortress and the evil reign of the dragon-harpy.  Are there any questions?”
Amabilidad asked, “If something goes wrong, what's our backup plan?”
“At the town before Lame Pony, Jisei was able to procure Companion Wisps.  She shall command one of them to go with each of us–” Foi replied, “–and if something should go wrong, I shall relay instructions through the wisps.”
“If it is all right with you, Foi,” I started.  “I'll add an observant-eye spell to the Companion Wisps, so that I can also monitor what each of the group is doing.”
“Proceed,” Foi told me.
“I'm going to have an annoying fairy-thingy buzzing about my head,” Amabilidad complained.  “Why not set my hair on fire while you're at it?”
Jisei said, “That can be arranged.”
I nudged the archer and whispered, “See, she does like you.”
“I believe your definition of like is far different than mine,” Amabilidad whispered back.
“That is all for tonight,” Foi stated.  “Let us eat and then sleep.  We rise before the sun on the morrow.”
They went and sat around the fire as I gave each of them a tin plate piled with stew and once I had given each their own, I grabbed mine and sat between Jisei and the necromancer.
Lyge questioned me, “How long have you been together?”
I replied, “Foi, Amabilidad, and I have been together five years now.”
Lyge asked, “How did you meet?”
“That's a great story, and one that will explain why Amabi and I have made a pledge,” I spoke.  “It was mid-Kafto Season, and I was still a solo-adventurer for hire when...”

Five years earlier...
Holding a full mug of ale, I stood at the bar of the Chimera's Tale Tavern.  A knight, a crossbowman, and a thief were with me, and each of the men were drinking down their own choice spirits.  Evening's twilight neared, and folks stopping by for a bite to eat, half-filled the tavern.
The knight leaned to me and spoke, “The thief has found our bounty, an archer named Amabilidad.”  The knight motioned with his head as he told me, “He's the one over in the back corner with the two barmaids.”
I took a quick glance and then questioned, “This is the archer the baron wants us to capture and bring before him?”
The knight answered, “The baron has changed his request; he wants us to kill him and bring his head instead.”
I set down my untouched ale and told the knight, “I don't do assassinations.”
“We've already been paid,” the knight said.  “You can't back out now or your head will join his.”
I started to protest when a paladin walked in.
Foi saw his brother in the back corner and walked over to him, his metal armor clanging as he went.  Foi spoke with a firm voice, “Is this where you have been?  Father wants you to return to the castle.”
A half dozen empty mugs littered the table of the booth the archer sat at.  A blonde human barmaid sat to his right and a black furred faun sat to his left, and they were as tall as him.  Both clung to Amabilidad and his every word as if gold rolled out of his mouth.  Amabilidad questioned with a slur, “And why should I do that?  All I want is right here.”  He reached down and patted the bottoms of the barmaids.
“You are drunk!” Foi yelled.
“I'm not drunk,” Amabilidad slurred as he spilled a bottle of wine when he tried to pick it up.  He lifted it to his mouth, took a swig, and then said, “I'm merely intoxicated with the beauty of both of these ladies.”  Amabilidad stood, nearly falling over the faun barmaid and walked to a table in the middle of the tavern.  The barmaid, he nearly fell over, followed.
“Father is worried about you, and he wants you to come home,” Foi shouted after his brother and then followed him to the table.  “He is sorry...”
Amabilidad interrupted, “Sorry?”  He slammed his fist on the table and caused a few patrons to turn their way.  “He called me a bastard to my face!”  Amabilidad slumped down in a chair.  “I'm his bastard!”  He mumbled in despair, “I'm his bastard...”  The archer shook his head and then said, “You go back to him and tell him if he wants to apologize to me, he can come here himself.”
The faun barmaid sat next to the archer as Foi put his hand on his brother's shoulder and spoke, “You should not be here, and you should not be drinking.  Come back with me, father wants...”
“He might be your father, but he was never a father to me!  He has you, the perfect son!  The son who became a paladin.  All I could be was an archer.  No, you go back; you tell him I found my place in this wretched world.”  Amabilidad put his arm around the faun barmaid and then he said, “We're to be married, and we're going to have lots of children.”  He eyed the barmaid and asked, “What are you again?”
“I'm a Largus Woodland Faun.  I told you we're the tallest of the fauns, that we...”
“Right, right,” Amabilidad stammered as he interrupted.  “We're going to have lots of hoodland faun children, so you can't drag me back home.  I'm going to be a responsible husband and father.”  He turned to the barmaid with adoring eyes, placed a hand on the faun's, and said, “I'll find us a cottage, farm and hunt the land, and make a proper wife of you, whatever your name is.”
Foi sat across from his brother and before he could say anything, I walked over and sat next to the paladin as I kept an eye on the men from my own group.
“Not with him you won't,” I told the archer.
Amabilidad spat, “Who are you, woman, and why are you butting in on our conversation?”
The paladin turned to me and questioned, “You said him?  Who do you speak of?”
Amabilidad got louder, “Hey, I'm the one interrogating this fine specimen of a female human.  Look at the muscles on you!  Wow!  You must be in great shape.  Do you work out a lot?  How about making babies with me?”
“Have you already dumped your future wife?” Foi asked.
“No...  No...  I would never...”  Amabilidad turned to the faun and told the barmaid, “I would never leave you for another woman.”
The knight, crossbowman, and thief moved, surrounding the three of us as a few people left the tavern, seeing a fight might break out.
Foi noticed them as he repeated, “You said him before, what did you mean?”
I replied, “I did, but before we get into that, we should probably deal with your other problem.”
“And how do I know I can trust you?” Foi asked.
“That's right!” Amabilidad shouted in more of a stupor.  “Trust no woman!”  He put his head down on the table and mumbled, “Especially ones who tell you that they love you.”  He started snoring.
Foi continued, “How do I know you are not working with these gentlemen?”
“Actually, I am working with them,” I told him as I stood and drew my sword.  He also stood, drawing his ready to engage me, then I winked at the paladin and said, “But let's say I gave them the old heave-ho.”  I placed my sword in the hand that held my shield, removed my efficiency knife, and threw it at the crossbowman before he fired, embedding the blade in his left arm.
The crossbowman shot as he yelped in pain and then grabbed at the blade.  The bolt sped for my head, but I deflected it with my shield.  I grabbed my sword with my right hand, jumped to the table, and ran at the knight.  Foi turned on the thief as he charged him.  The thief paused, seeing the crossbowman was out of commission and that I had switched sides.  He waited to see how the knight would fair.  I lifted my sword arm to call forth Fotia Fire but decided against it since we were inside.  The knight swung his sword, and I blocked it with my shield and countered with a thrust of my blade.  He blocked it with his blade and rammed into me with his shield.  The knight expected to knock me back a few feet with his brute force, but it was like he hit a stone wall.  He pressed forward but couldn't budge me as his feet lost ground with his effort.  The knight stepped back and sized up the situation.
“We're leaving!” he finally shouted.  “And I won't forget this, valkyrie.  No, I won't forget this.”
The knight, crossbowman, and thief left, then Foi walked over to me and said, “And I won't forget this.”  He glanced back at his brother.  “He slept through the whole thing.  How do I wake him?  I am not accustomed to dealing with drunks.”
“I am, and I have an idea,” I told him.  “Let's go outside.”
The faun barmaid followed us out as I took the half asleep archer and dunked his head in a water trough several times.  “Here we go,” I spoke.  “Time to wake up.”  I did this until the archer flailed about.
Amabilidad cursed at us, “Arwe Thistles!  Let go of me!  Let go of me, or I'll swear I'll pluck out your eyes!”  He wiped water from his face and then shook his hands, flinging water from his fingers.
“You are coming with me,” Foi told him. 
“No, you can't drag me away from my woman.”  Amabilidad held out his hand, and the faun took it as the archer said, “We're to be married.  I might not be a paladin, but I can be a good husband and father.”
“Umm...” I started.  “There's something you should know, archer.”
“What's that?”
“I don't know how to put this delicately, so I'll put it bluntly,” I said with a hint of contained laughter.  “Your fiancee is a billy.”
Amabilidad stared at me a few seconds as if I had spoken in an unknown language, and then he inquired, “What's that?”
Foi leaned to the archer and whispered, and Amabilidad's eyes widened as if his manhood had been sheared off.
Amabilidad turned to the faun and uttered, “You're a dude?!”  He yanked his hand away.  “You're a dude?!”  Amabilidad stared at the faun for a long time and then went and dunked his own head in the trough.  He shook his head as if he were a dog ridding himself of water and looked again at the faun.  Droplets fell from his face and hair as if they counted the passing of centuries.  Finally after what seemed like an entire eon had passed, Amabilidad turned to his brother and said, “We can go now.”  He walked off in one direction, then turned, started in a different direction, and headed for home.  “We shouldn't keep father waiting.”
I asked, “What about your would-be wife?”
“I don't know what you're talking about,” Amabilidad answered over his shoulder.
The faun started to cry as Foi followed after his brother, and I followed them.
After a few moments, Amabilidad stated, “And this matter that I know nothing about is never to be spoken of again.”  He glared at his brother and questioned, “Do you understand me?”
Foi replied, “You shall never hear of this from me.”

The present...
At Dead Stump Ridge...
“And that's how I met Foi and Amabi,” I chuckled as I told the necromancer.
Amabilidad grumbled, “You tell this story to almost everyone we meet; my shame's no secret.”
Frieden bent over as he grabbed his gut and let out a loud barbarian belly-laugh as he uttered, “Archer... marry... hoodland children... billy...”  He laughed so hard Frieden nearly fell off his seat.
“Why are you laughing?” Amabilidad questioned.  “You have heard this more than two dozen times.”
Frieden replied, “It gets better every time she tells it.”
“What pledge did you and the archer make?” Lyge questioned.
“We pledged to never drink again.”
“I see why he pledged that, but why did you?” Lyge asked.
“Me, well...”  I picked up a stick and drew circles in the sand before I said, “I'm what you call a mean drunk, so me and Amabi both swore off the spirits.”
Lyge laughed as he said, “That was a good story.  You must tell me how you met the priestess and the barbarian if their tale is anything like the archer's.”
“It's different, but you may still enjoy it,” I replied and then I began, “It was a year later that I met Jisei and Frieden.  I met the barbarian the day after I had met the priestess.  I had returned her clo–”  I noticed that Jisei glared at me; her stare's intensity was hotter than the campfire on my face, and I thought I saw the green jewel of her staff glint with anger, so I changed her story from clothes to, “–items, yes I returned her items a thief had stolen, and we headed to town together the next day.  I was a few days early to meet Foi and Amabi, so I continued with the priestess as she went to report in.  Jisei and I entered the region of the Mizu Race as we headed for Jisei's temple-eki in the Town of Hasu Machi.  Jisei was of the Mizu Race, and I have always loved the color of her hair and her eyes... they're like looking into the dark of night.”  I turned to her and saw that she was blushing; Jisei always hated when I drew attention to her.  I placed a hand on hers as she sat next to me and then I added, “I might not act it at times, but I also admire the hidden strength she wields like a well-balanced katana.”  Jisei slightly smiled, but then quickly hid it.  She was so cute when she was modest.  I wanted to wrap my arms around her and give her a big valkyrie hug, but I refrained, knowing it would only upset her.  I moved my hand from hers, put a finger to my chin, and said, “Where to begin our tale?”

Chapter Six
Tripping Over Your Own Ax
Four years earlier...
Jisei and I entered the Town of Hasu Machi and passed a group of men heading in the opposite direction. 
“Come, Frieden,” one of the men who was a warrior ordered.  “As we told you once the quest is done, we'll make a man out of you.”
“Aye,” a barbarian named Stier replied.  “You have faced man-eating harpies.  It's time you faced women without tripping over your own sword or in your case ax.”
A battle mage and fourth member of their group added, “Though some women are worse than facing harpies.”
“You shouldn't add fear to Frieden's heart where anxiety and doubt already lie,” the warrior said.  “Give him some encouragement.”
 “Let me then encourage him,” the battle mage said.  “Before you can partake of the fruit, first you must pluck it from the tree.”  He smacked Frieden's massive chest with his palm as he added, “Today, we'll see how you approach the tree.  Beware the serpents that guard it.  We'll be cheering for you to finally reap the fruit so don't be bashful.”
“So–” Stier the Barbarian started as the warrior opened the door to the Hoof and Cloak Tavern and then Stier the Barbarian shoved Frieden in and finished, “–see what you can reap.”
The battle mage moved to Stier's side and questioned, “Are you sure we should do this to the rookie?  Maybe we should give him a break.  He did work hard and earned us a hefty bounty on our quest.  Maybe we should give him a proper reward.  Maybe...”
The warrior moved between the two men as he interrupted, “This trip isn't for Frieden; it's for us, after all, we could use a good laugh.”
Stier chuckled his agreement as the battle mage inquired, “But will Frieden appreciate that the joke is on him?”
“Not as much as we will,” the warrior replied.  “Come, let's see how the rookie fumbles with his ax.”
I glanced back at them as Jisei and I walked on.  We continued through the Town of Hasu Machi where Jisei's temple-eki resided.  Jisei told me a temple-eki was a home-station for a priestess of her order, so I thought of it as a home away from home.  We soon arrived at Sakura Temple-eki, and it was larger than I expected but as clean and white as I imagined.  Large blooming cherry trees surrounded the Mizu-style complex.
“Welcome, Sister Jisei,” a woman wearing the head priestess garment greeted us as we approached the entrance to the temple-eki.  The only difference between her outfit and Jisei's was that the woman wore a white wimple that framed her face and chin.  The woman inquired, “How went your mission?”
“Hello, Sister Kurin,” Jisei greeted in return.  “My mission to deliver food and water to those still living in the Town of Kymaar went well.  I also treated a few of the sick and left a few of the sisters to continue the work.”
“Good.  Rest.  I have another mission for you,” Sister Kurin instructed, then noticed me, and inquired, “Did you hire a valkyrie for your latest mission?”
“No,” Jisei replied as she glanced at me and then explained, “After I completed my mission, we met on the way to town and traveled together.”
“I see.  Stay as our guest, valkyrie, and rest.  Sister Jisei can show you to a room, and perhaps I may hire you to help Sister Jisei on her next mission.”
 I spoke, “I wouldn't mind a few extra coins for my purse.  There's always a sword I'm wanting to buy.”
“Then consider the job yours,” Sister Kurin stated.  “I shall tell both of you on the morrow what the mission entails.  For now, I bid you a good day.”  Sister Kurin turned and entered the temple-eki after we wished her a good day.
I patted my stomach as I said, “I'm so hungry I could eat a whole Golden Tusked Elephant.  Jisei, where's a good place to eat lunch?”
Jisei answered, “There is the Hoof and Cloak Tavern–” She motioned to a wooden structure in the distance that we had passed earlier then finished, “–but as a priestess of the Shinjin Fuka-sa Order I cannot...”
“Good.”  I grabbed her hand and pulled her along as I uttered, “Let's go eat.”  She came along unwillingly as she kept insisting about something, but I was so hungry I ignored her frantic pleas as I questioned, “You said it was this way, right?  Do you think they have gray deer steaks?”
Sometime later, I dragged the priestess into the tavern.  Frieden sat in the back corner surrounded by three barmaids ogling over his large muscular form.  Two of the barmaids sat on his lap while the third stood to his left.
I stated, “We'll go to the bar and order.”
“I cannot be in here!” Jisei yelled, still trying to pull her wrist free of my iron grasp.  “It is against the rules of our order for me to...”
I turned to her only hearing half of what she said and asked her with a hint of sadness, “Did you say you don't want to eat with me?”  I started to pout as I asked, “Why?  I know we haven't known each other all that long, so I can't say were good friends, but at least I thought you liked me.  Do you really not wish to partake in a meal with me?”
Jisei must have thought that I looked near tears and sighed as she told me, “No, I shall eat with you.  I already broke the rule when you dragged me in here, so I shall have to do penance later.  Let us eat quickly.”
“Great!  Barkeep, I'll take two orders of gray deer steaks.”  I turned to the priestess and asked her, “What do you want?”
Over in the back corner, Frieden fought off the advances of the persistent barmaids.
“How many quests have you been on?” the barmaid who stood beside him asked.
Frieden fidgeted under the adventurous hands of the other two barmaids and spoke nervously, “I have quested three times.”
“Then you are a beginner.”
“Go on, Frieden,” Stier the Barbarian urged, after downing a mug of mead.  The golden liquid dripped down his beard as he slurred, “Woo the women with your tongue.”
Frieden looked to the two barmaids on his lap and told the one sitting on his right knee, “Your hair's like the underbelly of a Rotnock and your lips are as red as the wattle of a Leviathan Truthahn.”
The one barmaid became angry as she said, “Are you comparing my hair to a large smelly monster and my lips to a giant turkey?”
“I...  Well...  Yes,” he replied.
At first, the other barmaids didn't know how to react, then they looked to one another, and they and the warrior, Stier, and the battle mage laughed a full-hearted belly laugh.  Frieden's brow wrinkled as his face reddened from the ridicule.  The barmaid who stood glanced at the warrior, and he nodded to her, so she slid her hand down Frieden's massive back, reached down, and squeezed his butt.  Frieden stood straight up, knocking the two barmaids on his lap to the floor as he let out a startled yelp.  His face reddened deeper with embarrassment by his outburst and the woman's unwarranted attention.  The warrior let out another big laugh.
“Looks like I won the bet.  Frieden didn't last long enough with Fujin and her girls for Stier to finish three mugs.  Pay up battle mage.”
“Blasted beginner!”  The battle mage stood and threw two gold coins onto the table in front of the warrior, and then the battle mage said, “You are like a devil with an ax when you face creatures of the crypt but when it comes to women, you're like a fawn before a wolf.”
“I wouldn't make him mad,” the warrior warned.  “You remember how he cut that Minotaur in half.  He might do the same to you.”
Frieden bent down and picked up his ax, and the battle mage thought he might take a swing at him for his mockery, but Frieden merely headed for the exit.
“Hey, barbarian,” I called to Frieden before he left.  “Is it true you halved a Minotaur?”
“It is,” he said, without looking at me and then he walked out the door.
I removed my bow, shield, and sword and handed them to the priestess as I told her, “Hold these for me.”
“Why?  Where are you going?” Jisei inquired.
“Outside,” I answered her as I followed Frieden out and once I reached the street, I yelled, “Hey, barbarian, wait up.”  I ran ahead of him, turned, and forced him to stop by blocking his way.
He tried to walk around me and finally questioned me free of anger, “What do you want, woman?”
“I was watching you back there with your friends.”
“They aren't my friends.”
“It did seem like you were the object of their ridicule.  Are you really that skittish around women?”
He sized me up and ordered, “Move out of my way.”
“Or what?” I challenged.  “What will you do?  Will you cut me in half like you did that Minotaur?”
He tightened his grip on his ax as he said, “Move woman.  I won't tell you again.”
Jisei came outside still holding my weapons.
“Not only are you timid, but I think you are a coward!”  I went up and pushed him with all my might as I yelled, “Look at you!  Why would you allow me or your so-called friends to put you down?  Do something!  Strike me down!”
Even with his massive size, Frieden was pushed back by my shove.  He told me in a calm voice, “No, I won't strike you down.”
“Why not?  Are you afraid of what I'll do to you?”
“No, you're unarmed and at the moment, you aren't threatening my life.  Your attacks are only against my pride; I can take those wounds.  I'm twice your size and must let peace lead me or I'm no better than the evil creatures I slay, so I say mock me if you must, but finish so I may be on my way.  No matter how you coax me, I won't strike you, not unless you attacked me to cause me harm.”
“You mean like this?” I questioned as my eyes went wild like a werewolf before it attacks.  I slapped him in the face and when he didn't react, I slapped him again.  He took my hits.  I was no weakling, and my strikes left red hand marks on his face.
“Stop it!  Ayann, I said stop it!” Jisei yelled at me.
I took a step back and glanced at the priestess.  The wildness that had engulfed my face had vanished as if the rabid creature I had turned into never existed.  I turned back to Frieden, smirked, and then said, “Well done, barbarian.  What others see in you as weakness is a strength beyond compare.”
“I do not understand,” Jisei said as she approached us.  “Why did you do this?”
“To test him.  I have been searching for another fighting class adventurer to join Foi, Amabi, and I; I believe I have found him.  What say you, barbarian?”
Frieden took a moment and then answered, “I do not know; I have only just met you.”
“True.  Maybe you can quest with me when I assist this priestess on her next mission.  There's no better way to test one's mettle than by seeing them in action, wouldn't you say?”
He took a few more moments and then answered, “You're a strange woman, but one who appears to have a good heart and–” He rubbed the side of his face as he said, “–a brutal smack.  I'll quest with you when you go with this priestess on her mission, whatever it may be.”
I told him, “I'll meet you at the stables tomorrow morning.”
“Tomorrow then.”  He walked off.
Jisei handed me my weapons and said, “I do not understand your motives for harassing that young man or why you had him join a mission that is mine, but I shall stand by it begrudgingly.”
“I see something in him,” I told her, then walked up beside the priestess, and wrapped my arm around her shoulders in a friendly embrace.  “The same thing I see in you.  You have potential to be a great adventurer.”
Jisei didn't know what to do with the complement or the attention.  Any public type of affection was prohibited in her order, so she blushed and finally wriggled her way free.
I could see that the priestess wasn't used to hugs like I was.  My father was all about hugs, especially huge ones.  I told the priestess, “I would like both of you to join our group.”
Jisei told me, “I cannot.  I have my place.”
“Maybe you do or maybe you should be with us.  I'll ask you again when we have completed your mission.”
“Ask, but my answer shall be the same,” Jisei told me.

Chapter Seven
Excuse Me While I Powder My Nose
The next day, Jisei and I met up with Frieden at the stables.  He had gotten there an hour earlier so he could feed his Pferd-crawler; Ort ate a mixture of meat and grains.  The owner of the stables allowed the barbarian to corral Ort by himself in a secluded area of town.  Frieden didn't have to worry about anyone stealing Ort; he only had to worry about Ort eating someone or something.  Frieden had told me when he traveled with Stier and the others of his old party they had camped out and dark elves attacked them, seeking Stier's head for murdering a prince of their race.  Frieden and a spearman had cornered two of the dark elves near their riding steeds.  Ort seized the opportunity to chomp off the head of a dark elf and when the spearman rushed in to kill the other dark elf, Ort chomped off the spearman's head also.  Stier wanted to kill Ort for the beast was too dangerous, but Frieden wouldn't hear of it.  Stier let the matter drop, but only because he didn't care much for the spearman and owed him some gold.
Once Frieden fed Ort, the three of us rode out.  The morning was sunny and the air clear and crisp.  Excitement filled my heart for the venture I would share with the two would-be members of my party.
“Tell me what we'll be doing,” Frieden spoke to the priestess.
Jisei replied, “Sister Kurin tells me that a horde of monsters have taken over the Hills of Hikui-point.  We are to remove these vile creatures and liberate the land so that farmers can move back in.”
“I see.  Do we know how many and what type of creatures?” Frieden asked.
“No, so our first assignment is to scout the area and determine what type of foe we shall be facing,” Jisei answered.  “It shall take us two days by horse to arrive at the Hills of Hikui-point, so we shall stop before twilight and rest for the night.  I know of a spot near a small waterfall.”
We continued on, only stopping a few times long enough to rest the riding animals and water them and then later that day, we arrived at the spot Jisei had spoken of.  It did have a small waterfall that fed a creek, and we tied the riding animals near it and unsaddled them.  I started a fire while Frieden gathered more wood and Jisei picked mountain berries.  I removed gray deer jerky and gave a few pieces to Frieden and Jisei and once we ate of the dry salty meat and the sweet ripe berries, I stretched out my bedroll and lay on it.  I talked with the others, getting to know them better.  I asked about their parents and both of them avoided the conversation, so we turned to their schooling.
We must have talked a least an hour before Jisei stood and said, “If you shall excuse me, I shall only be a few minutes.”
She went into the woods, and we could hear her walking through the pines.  I added wood to the fire and stoked it, bringing it back to life, then I started to ask Frieden if he had any brothers or sisters when we heard Jisei's startled cry.  We went rushing into the woods with our weapons.  I arrived first and it was apparent Jisei had been in the middle of doing her business when something must have attacked her.
She had fallen back against a tree and was trying to straighten herself so she could pull up her undergarment, while at the same time, she squealed, pointed at something near a bush, and yelled, “It is there!  The vile creature is there!”
I went and investigated, and I found a spider the size of my hand crawling away in its own frantic terror.  It continued on, so I let the spider be, pretended to pick it up, and incinerated it in a tiny ball of flame.
“There!  The foul beast is dead,” I told her as Frieden arrived, heaving from running.  He was quick for a barbarian, but I had called upon my Valkyrie Wings to carry me toward Jisei, fearing she was in danger.  The white wings were still on my back, and would last another twenty minutes, unless I unspelled them.
Jisei turned to Frieden, looked down at herself, then her face paled even more, knowing a man had seen her undergarment, and she let out another shriek as she yelled, “Turn away!  Don't look at me!  Turn away!”
Frieden had no idea what was going on, but when he saw Jisei with her undergarment around her ankles he blushed a bit and turned away.  I tried to hide my laughter over her carrying on so over something as small as a spider, but I knew when it came to my own fears size didn't matter.  I masterfully covered up what was ready to burst forth, and I told the barbarian with his back to us, “Frieden, return to our campsite; all is well here.  I'll wait for Jisei to finish and then the two of us will return.”
He started to turn to us to reply, but Jisei shrieked at him again, so he headed straight into the woods toward our campsite as if a hundred ghost-specters chased him and the only way to save himself was to exit the woods before they touched him.  Jisei finished what she was doing as I turned and faced away from her and once she was done, I heard her washing her hands in the creek.  I still turned away from her, giving Jisei her privacy, then she came up behind me, and I thought I heard her sobbing.
I turned and discovered the priestess who usually had great self control was weeping, and my heart felt for her, even though I didn't understand why she was crying.  I moved to her, gently placed my hands on her shoulders, and asked, “What's wrong?  Did the foul spider hurt you?”
“I am not crying over what the spider did to me.  I am crying because I have shamed myself in allowing the barbarian to see me.  If word gets back...”  Jisei started to cry again.
Forgetting on how she insisted that she not be touched, I wrapped my arms around her and told her, “There's nothing to be ashamed of.  I doubt he saw anything.  I don't think even the spider had time to view you, so there is nothing to fear.”
“You believe he saw nothing?  Are you saying that I have not shamed myself?” Jisei questioned.
“It is what I'm saying,” I told her.  “Frieden was more worried about the foul spider crawling away than what you were doing.”  I heard her still crying in my arms, and wondered if it was still over the spider, so I added, “The foul beast was huge.  It nearly took off my arm before I was able to vanquish it.”
“It was big for its species, but nothing that I should have screamed about; it merely startled me when it landed on my shoulder.”  Jisei took a step back from me, and I released her as she wiped her eyes and she said, “There was no need of you to kill it.”
I smiled as I informed her, “If it makes you feel any better, I didn't kill the creature; I merely pretended to so that you wouldn't fear it anymore.”
“Thank you for considering my feelings and at the same time, considering its life.  We are all of the same maker.  I still cannot get over my shame.  You have at least seen me in my disgrace.”
“Don't be ashamed,” I told her.  “We're friends, no...”  I stepped to her and took both of her hands and said, “We're sisters.  Nothing that happens between us should make the other feel sad or embarrassed and don't worry, when I tell this tale I'll make sure to make the spider at least the size of my hand.”  I saw that tears were still streaming down her face, and I wanted to vanquish all of her sorrow and disgrace, so I told her, “As I said before, there's nothing to be ashamed of, not even the part of you screaming.  You should never be fearful of your own apprehensions; they're a part of you.  They're what make you you; just don't let them rule your life.”  I tried to make light of the whole thing and added, “Now if you had been a male member of my party who screamed like a woman, I would have made sure he felt his shame a hundred times over.”  Jisei slightly chuckled, so I squeezed her hands before letting them go and then told her, “Come, we should return before Frieden grows concerned.”  I started for our campsite in a different part of the woods than I had come through and a few moments later, I let out a loud high-pitch screech.
Jisei quickly came up behind me with her staff at the ready and Frieden wasn't far behind as she inquired, “What is it?  Has the spider returned?”
The thing I saw was so horrendous that I couldn't utter what it was, so I pointed at a boulder it had crawled behind.
“What is going on?” Frieden demanded.  “First the priestess screams and now you.  What is it that I am not seeing?  Or are you playing a joke on me?  Did Stier and the others put you up to this?”
I was still having problems speaking as a deep seeded fear from my childhood reared up inside me like a malice-hooded cobra poised ready to strike, but I managed to stammer, “Bug...  There's a bug over there.”
He looked to Jisei and questioned her, “Bug?  Is that what you were screaming about before?”
Jisei decided not to be bashful about her previous scare and came right out with, “Yes, I screamed because a spider landed on me.  It might have been only the size of my pinky, but it still frightened me.  There, I said it.  Ayann told me not to be fearful of my own apprehensions; they are part of me, and I am not ashamed to admit that I am afraid of spiders.”
“Is it a spider that the valkyrie's going on about?” Frieden inquired.  “If it is a spider, let it be; it'll go about its business if we leave it alone.”
I shook my head as I tried to explain to them, “It's not a spider.  It's...  It's...”  My voice failed me, and I whispered, “It's a Kittle Cockroach.”
“You say you came across a Stocktoach?”  Frieden turned and faced the boulder with his ax held high to his side as he questioned, “Was there only one?  Usually Stocktoaches run in packs, and the reptile-like chickens like to sneak up on their prey.”  He glanced behind himself to where the priestess stood and then added, “We should all be wary.”  His stomach growled, complaining about what little jerky it had gotten, so he added, “They are also good to eat; they taste like alligator.  Maybe we could kill a few.”
Jisei walked up to the barbarian and stated, “I do not believe she said Stocktoach.”
“Then what did she say?” he asked.  “The way that the valkyrie's staring at the boulder, I believe we're all in grave danger.”
I knew I had to tell them what I saw, so I mustered up the courage and said, “I saw a cockroach.  It ran behind there.”
Frieden lowered his ax, realizing his stomach would grumble all night and uttered, “Cockroach?  We're standing here in the middle of the woods over a little cockroach?  Leave the thing alone, and let us return to our campfire.  It'll do us no harm.”  He shook his head and muttered, “You women and your bug hysteria.  Now I see why Stier never allowed the fairer sex to join our party.  I should really think over joining a party that already has one.”
I ignored his later comments, focused on his first ones, and told him, “I can't return to our campfire until I have vanquished the foul creature.  I have sworn to destroy all of them and besides, I won't be able to sleep until I know it's dead.”
“Go squash it with your foot then and be done with it, if you must.  The sun's starting to set, and I would prefer to have a fire against my back when darkness comes,” Frieden told me.
I took a step toward the boulder as I drew my sword, then the fear I had from my childhood swept over me again, and I froze in dread.
Jisei inquired, “Why have you stopped?  You had no fear of the spider, so go find the little beast and step on it.”
I turned to her and questioned, “What happened to we are all of the same maker?”
“Cockroaches are vile creatures, and they are not included in the things we should not squash,” Jisei told me as she lifted her fist and instructed me, “Flatten the little thing!”
I took another step toward the boulder and my sword arm shook as the shield I was holding felt as if it wouldn't protect me from the beast of my nightmares.  It seemed an eternity before I was able to take another step.
“For the love of Reaper's Mountain!” Frieden exclaimed.  “I'll squash the little cockroach if you're too afraid to face it.”  He leaned his ax against a tree and started around the boulder.
“No!  Don't go!  At least don't go without your ax,” I warned him.
He yelled back at me, “I have my boot.  What more do I need?  If any from my clan saw me holding an ax against a small bug, I would not hear the end of it.”  Frieden disappeared around the boulder.
“You don't understand!” I shouted after him.  “It's...  It's...”
Frieden yelled back to us, “I don't see it yet; wait, I see a small shadow moving back here.  I believe I have found it.  I'm going to shoo it out with a stick I have found.”
We heard him grunt as he bent over and then there was sounds of him chasing something and then we heard him shriek.  It was a shrill holler and unlike any I had heard from a man before; I feared that the cockroach had slain him.  I lost my terror as I thought of our barbarian in danger, and I ran for the boulder with Jisei close behind.  The barbarian came running around the large rock and ran into me, nearly knocking both of us to the ground.
He glanced back at the boulder in fear and angrily shouted at me, “I thought you said it was little.”
“I never said it was little,” I told him, coming to my own defense.  “I said it was a Kittle Cockroach.”
Jisei questioned, “Why are they called Kittle Cockroaches?”
“Because they are touchy and unpredictable,” I informed her, paused, and then asked Frieden, hoping his earlier shrill was one of triumph and not one of failure and fright, “Did you kill it?”
“Did I kill it?” he shouted at me.  “Did you see the size of that thing?  It isn't little; it's the size of a...”
The thundering of what sounded like a herd of wild wood oxen heading our way interrupted the barbarian's frenzied description.  The Kittle Cockroach came around the boulder, and Jisei let out a squeal as she lifted her hand and pointed, intimidated by its size, and then she squealed again.  I wanted to add my own shrill to her high pitch call but managed to hold back my scream.  Frieden ran around me, grabbed his ax, then turned, and faced the monstrous cockroach; it was the size of an ogre.  The Kittle Cockroach reared up like a frenzied horse and slapped its top legs at us.  I again wanted to let out a squeal, but knew I had to protect my friends, so I leveled my sword, called upon Fotia Fire to blaze across my blade, and I charged toward the dreaded harbinger of my adolescence.  My fiery blade pierced it in its mid-region and globs of green blood splattered across my face.  I removed my blade and then spun around, slicing the cockroach in half.  Intestines and more blood splattered on me and then its cleaved bodies fell to the ground.  The Kittle Cockroach's legs wiggled about, so Frieden approached one half of the thing and buried his ax's head several times into its body as Jisei used her staff to levitate the boulder above the other half and smashed the large rock several times upon the already dead bug.  I leapt out of the way before I too was squashed in her frantic revenge upon the insect world.  I watched the two would-be members of our party from my hasty position on the ground and then I started to laugh.  They stopped their assault on the battered and now flattened cockroach and turned to me.  They were also covered in its blood and other random parts; they glanced at one another and then they too started to laugh.

Chapter Eight
The Mortar That Binds
The present...
“And that's how I met Jisei and Frieden,” I told the necromancer as I forked some meat in my stew with Floga.  I put the tip of my knife near my mouth and pulled off the delicious gray deer meat.
“What about the monsters living in the Hills of Hikui-point?” Lyge asked me.  “Did you help the priestess complete her mission for her temple-eki?”
 “We didn't,” I replied through a mouthful.  “Thanks to Frieden, we discovered that the creatures living within the Hills of Hikui-point were natives of the land and hadn't actually attacked anyone except for those who came into their nest.  The chieftain of the local village had requested of Jisei's temple-eki that the creatures be eradicated so that they could use the land for farming, but it was against her order's rules to remove peaceful animals to set up farms.  We discovered the chieftain had paid off Sister Kurin.  The head priestess of Sakura Temple-eki had an addiction to collecting shoes; it didn't matter what kind of shoe, if Sister Kurin saw a pair she had to buy them.  We discovered a secret chamber underneath the temple-eki where she kept hundreds of them.  Sister Kurin took gold from the chieftain to pay for her habit.”
“How did the barbarian help you discover the creatures were natives of the land and had only attacked those who came into their nest?” Lyge inquired.
I answered, “Frieden is governed by peace even though he's a barbarian.  We were all set to run in and attack the beasts when he discovered that they didn't attack us when we entered the Hills of Hikui-point.  Jisei was able to communicate with the creatures and discover their plight.  Jisei was later banned from doing missions for her temple-eki because she went against the wishes of Sister Kurin.  Jisei's order believed the word of the head priestess over hers, so Jisei decided to travel with us and join our party.”  I looked around at the faces that reflected the campfire, and I felt my face beam with love and admiration for all of those of my party as I added, “That's how all of us came together.”
Jisei grumbled in her controlled priestess-tone as she tightened her hold on her staff, “I do not see why you bothered to tell them, Ayann, that the spider was the size of your hand if in the same story you tell them that you are going to make the spider bigger and that I later call it the size of my pinky.  You might as well be truthful from the start.  Actually, I would prefer if you would not include that part in your story.  No, you should be forbidden to tell any part of that tale.”  Jisei turned to Foi and requested, “Shidesha, can you do something about her stories?”
I had asked her many years earlier what shidesha meant, and she told me in her tongue it means leader.
Amabilidad stated, “My brother will do nothing about Ayann's tales until she tells one of him that isn't to his liking and so far, all of her tales have my brother standing in a good light.”
Frieden spoke as he crossed his massive arms, “I would have to agree with Jisei.  We need to do something about Ayann's tales.  For one, I didn't shrill like a woman.  I used a barbarian battle cry to confuse my foe as the Kittle Cockroach first came at me.  It worked too for the beast didn't come at us for a few minutes and allowed us time to prepare for its attack.”
I said, “It sounded more like the shrill of a Swamp Mouse as a Glades Hawk snatches it up with its claws than a battle cry.”  I turned to the priestess and questioned her, “What do you think, Jisei?  How would you describe Frieden's scream?”
She glanced at the barbarian who looked to her for assistance; Jisei must have decided to use a united front, but her order had to be truthful, so she replied, “I would have to say I remember little about that day.”
“You remembered the size of the spider,” I said.  “Are you sure you're not siding with Frieden so that Foi will order me to cease my tales?”
I could tell that Jisei wanted to stand and smack the tip of her staff on the ground, but she kept her composure and asked me, “Are you calling me a liar?  Are you questioning my integrity?”
I saw that I upset her and that wasn't my intent.  There were no outward emotions coming from her restrained face, but I could tell she was deeply upset with me, so I decided to back down from my teasing, believing maybe I had gone too far, and I told her, “I would never call you a liar, Jisei.  We're sisters, and we should never dishonor each other.”
“If we are sisters, then stop these tales.  Over and over you have dishonored me and the others.  Can you not tell that your stories upset everyone?  Why would you wish to hurt us?”
“Hurt you?”  I felt my chest tighten as I again glanced around at the faces of my party and then I spoke, “I didn't realize.  I only told those tales so others could see all of you the same way that I do.”
Jisei's tone never changed as she inquired, “Do you see all of us as incompetent buffoons and womanizers?”
Amabilidad admitted, “But I am a womanizer.”
“Stay out of this, archer,” Jisei warned without her voice showing her irritation at Amabilidad.
I didn't know what to say in my defense, so Jisei continued, “Is that what you are saying, Ayann?  In none of the details you have spoken have I heard anything that admonishes us.  If you wish to no longer hurt us, cease your insulting tales.”
I looked around at everyone for a third time as no one came to my aid.  I turned to Foi, but he only watched, seemingly taking no side, so I considered that Jisei was correct in that I was only hurting them when I spoke of them.  It was a tradition in my village to tell stories of those we loved and cared about, but if I was only hurting those who I cared about then...  I felt ashamed as I told her, “I'll stop.”  I stood and told all of them, “I'll never again speak any tales of you.”  I felt grievously remorseful that I hadn't noticed their feelings and that I had hurt each of them with tales that should have shown them that I cared about them.  I grabbed my sword and shield, and I headed off into the darkness as I said, “I'm sorry.”
As I walked by, Frieden stood and lifted his hand after me as if to say something, but then he turned to the priestess instead and uttered, “Look what you did.  You upset, Ayann.”
“Me?  What about what you said?” I heard Jisei say.
“She's used to our complaining,” Frieden spoke.  “It's what makes telling the story enjoyable to her; she beats us up with her words, that way we know she cares.”
“I only spoke the truth,” Jisei insisted.
Amabilidad inquired, “Are you telling us that when Ayann tells a story that involves you that you feel violated and/or insulted?”
“I am,” Jisei replied.  “Every time she tells the story of how we met I feel...”
She paused, and I wondered what she was thinking.  Was she searching for how she truly felt or was Jisei only tired of defending what she knew was right?
I heard her say, “Ayann makes me angry at times.”
“This is you angry?” Amabilidad inquired.  “It's so hard to tell what mood you're in.”
I continued on and couldn't hear their conversation anymore as I went out to the cliff overlooking the desolate valley of large misshapen and jagged rocks.  I stared in their direction as I stood under the moonlight, but I didn't see them.  I was too mortified that my fondness for them had been corrupted by what I thought of as light-hearted tales.  I didn't know they were demoralizing.  A great deal of time passed before I heard the priestess walk up behind me, but I didn't turn to her, hiding that I was near tears.
Jisei started with, “The others believe I was a little harsh in speaking with you.”
“And what do you believe?” I asked.
“I believe...”  Jisei stopped her reply, and I didn't know why.  If I had been cruel in my stories, then I needed to be told.   Jisei started a new sentence with, “Ayann, I spoke falsely before.  I do not feel that you are hurtful when you do speak of us in your tales.”
“No, maybe I should stop,” I told her.  “It's a little childish, and maybe I should focus on other things.”  I didn't know what else to say, so I spoke, “All of you have heard these stories over and over; you must at least be tired of hearing them.”  The wind swept over us, and I heard it rustle through Jisei's robes.  I didn't dared look at her, fearing what I might see behind her self-disciplined expression.  Jisei had been so angry before in her veiled manner, so I told her, “It's fine; you can return to the others.  I'll be back shortly.”
“I am still not used to having others place attention on me,” she said.  “I am sorry that I made you feel as though you were hurting us; in truth, and don't tell the others, I enjoy your tales.  I feel as if they come from your heart, and they always put a smile on my face even if I fuss at you for talking about me.”
“No.  I should stop,” I insisted.  “Maybe I was blind to your feelings.  I'll cease, so you can go back to the campfire.  I'll be back when I...”  I felt a tear flow down my cheek and a sob escape my lips.  I knew how Jisei hated seeing an explosion of emotions, so I closed my eyes and forced the sadness back.  She needed to hurry though; I didn't know how long I could hold back the flow.  I spoke, “Really, it's fine.  Return to the others.  I'll be...”
Jisei did something she had never done before as she took a step forward, invaded what she would call my space, and took one of my hands into her two.  I still looked away from her as I wasn't sure what she was doing.  At first, I thought she was going to drag me back to the campfire, but she didn't.  She held my hand firm and yet gently in her two as she spoke to me.  Her words and tone weren't forced or refrained, but what she said next came from her heart as she went against her expressionless manner and articulated with warmth, “Ayann, please do not cry.  I am the one who should apologize to you.  You befriended me, let me join your party with open arms, and you even call us sisters.  What kind of sister would I be if I allowed what I said earlier to hurt you any further?  I...”  She paused and then said, “Please look at me.”
I turned, and her usual composed expression transformed to one of shock and self-disapproval.  I believed she realized how deeply her earlier words had hurt me, and the realization cracked the wall she had around her emotions.  I had never seen her lose her poise as she looked as if she would cry too.  Jisei uttered in disbelief, “You are actually crying.  I do not think I have ever seen you cry.  Is this because of what I said?  Did I bring Ayann the Great Valkyrie to tears?”
I didn't want to tell her that it was true, so I just stood there and said nothing, trying to hold back my sobs.  I didn't want her to feel bad that I was feeling bad.
Jisei looked devastated to see me in such a state, and her restraint melted away as she said, “I did.  I did bring you to tears, and I should feel ashamed of myself.  Ayann, I am sorry.  I am sorry that I am unfeeling at times.”  She lost all of her self control and started weeping.
At first, I didn't know what to do.  Jisei was always so reserved with her emotions, but now she was like elf archers assaulting a fortress.  The arrows of her grief filled the sky and rained upon those in the fortification.  Without thinking that this might offend her, I wrapped my arms around her, and we sobbed together.  It felt good to cry and that she was there with me to share in our mixture of remorse and absolution.  We cried for a while, then we stepped back from one another, and we dried our eyes.
I asked her, “Are you sure you don't mind my tales?  I can understand that you might have told me you didn't, only to spare my feelings.  I need to know the truth.  Do you feel offended?”
“In truth, no,” Jisei told me.  “I do feel irritated at times by your teasing, but I also feel that you care about us.  I do not know what this party would do without you, Ayann.  You seem to be the mortar that binds us together.”
I laughed as I spoke, “I don't believe that's true.  Each of you have your own strengths.  Though, it would be hard to find a great warrior as myself to replace me.  I don't think anyone can make a campfire as I do.”
“Umm...  Ayann...”
“Yes.”
“Please do not tell the others of this or anyone else.  I would be very embarrassed if it got back to them that I lost my composure.”
“Don't worry,” I told her.  “I won't even tell them how you fondled me.”
Her face flushed red as she snapped, “I am going to regret this moment for the rest of my life, am I right?”
“No,” I replied.  “I'll keep this between sisters.  It's a promise.”
“Well then...”  Jisei turned away from me and started back as she said, “We better return before Foi comes looking for us.”  I followed after her and then Jisei commented, “I am surprised that he said nothing when you walked off.  Why do you suppose he took no sides?”
“I believe he wanted to see what all of you would do to solve our own problems without him interfering. I believe he sees that we have grown as a party and has faith that we can solve our own conflicts if we're allowed the time to do so,” I told her.
“Oh...  I hope we passed.  I hate letting him down.”
We returned to the campfire and retook our seats.  A few awkward minutes went by, and then Lyge must have thought it was a good time to mention, “Look where the moon is now.  I will take first watch.  The rest of you should get some sleep.”
“You are right,” Foi said.  “Let us rest while we can.”
We all gathered close around the fire to sleep.  Foi removed only his armor as I spread out a bedroll and blanket for us.  He set his sword and shield against his armor that was an arm's length away from where he would bed.  He lay down, and I joined him after I removed my own armor.  I snuggled up beside him and lay my head on his chest, resting my hand over his heart.  He smelled of horse and the oil we rub on our armor.  Foi wrapped his arm around me so that my head was cradled in his arm.
“Today was a long day,” I said, scratched a bit of mud that was still on my face, and then added, “I feel as though a boulder monster's sitting on me.”
“Yes, it was a long day,” he told me, leaned in, then quickly pulled back as he said, “You were correct in what you had said at the Duke's castle.  The mud does reek.”
“Now who's doing penance?” I questioned him.  “You'll have to put up with my smell all night.”
“Don't I always.”
“Hey, not you too.”  I turned on my side away from him and pouted as I said, “I do bathe regularly.”
“I know, and I do like your smell,” he said and then added, “When you are not covered in stink mud.”  He repositioned himself so that he lay on his side and wrapped his arm around me again.  “Was the sword you bought to your liking?”
He always knew my weaknesses, and I quickly faced him as my pout vanished to be replaced by excitement.  “It's good steel.  It'll serve me well.”  I looked into his blue-gray eyes and stated, “You seem a bit out of sorts.  Is something wrong?”
Foi told me in a somber tone, “I do not know.  Something is nagging at me.”
“Could it be our coming wedding?” I questioned.  “Are you getting cold feet?”
“No, it is not that, though, I have been thinking of our future.”
“I have too,” I mischievously said as I rubbed my hand down his chest, to his stomach, and started to venture lower.  “Especially our wedding night.”
He gently took that hand and pulled it up to his heart as he told me, “Things like that can wait until we are proper husband and wife.”
“I know; it's just hard to wait,” I told him and then noticed Jisei who slept on the other side of Foi a short distance away from him as she pulled her blanket up and covered her nose.  I had known for a long time that she also loved Foi.  We both couldn't have him and at one point, I was content to let her pursue him instead of me.  She insisted she had no interest in Foi, and her order prohibited marriage.  I could see it in her eyes the regret of that decision and that her love for him hadn't changed.  It was moments like these that broke my heart.  Why did our heart forsake us at times?  Why couldn't we love only those who would love us back?
Foi interrupted my thoughts as he said, “I was thinking a little more into the future.  What about children?  Do you want any?”
I diverted my eyes from Jisei as she rolled over with her back to us, and I told him, “I want two boys and two girls, and we can live in the castle your father gave you.”
“What about our ventures?” Foi questioned me.
“We can put them on hold till our children are old enough to join their chosen class.  We can venture when they are at school, and we can return on their break periods.”
Unknown to me at the time, Frieden also listened in on our conversation and tightened his grip on the ax that laid on his chest.  The more me and Foi talked of our marriage and future together, the tighter Frieden's hands clasped his weapon.  I guess I was also guilty of not noticing the wants and desires of another's heart.
Amabilidad had enough and snapped, “Can we put your questions on hold or even better, maybe you two can go get a room?  What I am trying to say is, will you silence your libido inducing prattle so the rest of us can sleep?!”
Foi lay on his back, and I snuggled close to him again as I whispered, “What about our conversation has gotten him all hot and bothered?”
“For my brother it doesn't take much,” Foi whispered back.  “An icy wind over a barren valley can set his fantasies ablaze.”

Chapter Nine
Dungeon Keep Fortress
The next day long before the sun rose, we gathered around our campfire and ate breakfast.  For the most part, all of us ate quietly as we mentally prepared for what we would face within the dungeon keep and its fortress.  We had so little information about the dragon-harpy and her forces, and that put me and the others on edge.  The necromancer didn't seem to mind the unknown or was it he was too preoccupied with staring at Jisei to worry one way or another.
Foi stood once we all had finished eating and spoke, “Let us move out.  The sun shall appear within a few more hours.”
“Wait,” I said as I stopped half way through gathering everyone's plate.  “We have to form the circle.”
Pleased I remembered, Foi nodded, and then he, Amabilidad, Jisei, Frieden, and me grabbed hands.  I looked to each of them, imprinting their soul and the love I had for them to memory and smiled as I said, “Se xero.  Den eiste monoi.”  They each returned my smile and repeated the phrase back to me, then we each squeezed the hands we held and released.
Lyge approached me as I continued to clean up and asked as the others saddled their riding animals, “What was that all about?”
“It's something we do before we go into the fray,” I explained to him as I set the plates in the back of the covered wagon.  “It's a phrase my people say and it means, I know you.  You are not alone.”
“Unusual battle cry,” the necromancer commented.
“It's not a rallying cry; it's how we feel about each other.  We're like a family...  No, we are a family, and we're there for each other through loss and laughter.”
“You are an unusual group of people,” Lyge stated.  “But I like unusual.”
I finished packing the covered wagon and saddled my own horse, then we headed down into the Brahaigne Valley, leaving the covered wagon behind.  We traveled for about an hour and the sun started to peek over the horizon, we dismounted, and then we left our riding steeds tied to a dead tree while Frieden left Ort at a tree of his own.  We carefully made our way on foot through the terrain of rocks, making sure not to draw any attention from those who might be looking for intruders.
We traveled on foot for another half hour and then Foi commanded, “Ayann and Amabilidad, scout ahead.”
We hurried ahead after Jisei cast a chameleon spell on our group; the archer and myself kept to the shadows of the large rocks.  We ran for about ten minutes then we climbed a boulder, staying low and scanned the area ahead of us.  Amabilidad used a hawk-eye spell on himself, and I used a wolf-hearing spell.  He didn't see anything living, and I didn't hear anything beyond the dry wind blowing around the barren land.
Amabilidad stated as we started to climb down, “It's odd that we haven't run across any guards or scouts this close to the fortress.  The dragon-harpy should have many.  Where's the great army Duke Vindex spoke of?”
“Perhaps they're within the dungeon keep,” I replied.  “Though I also find it odd we haven't seen any tracks or any other signs of life.”  I dropped a few feet to the ground and ducked into the shadows, and he joined me as I said, “We should head back and tell Foi.”
“You should tell him what we found.  My brother still sees me as the incompetent younger brother who can only bed every female we come across.”
“You're very competent, Amabi, as long as you stay away from the spirits.”  We started back in a run as I said, “Your brother doesn't see the kindness I see in you.”
“Kindness?  I'm not kind; self-centered and crude, yes, but no one can call me kind.”
“What about when you gave the bag of silver coins to that old widow who was about to lose her farm and home?”
He shrugged as he replied, “The coins were heavy; I gave them to her because I didn't want them weighing me down.”
“What about the orphanage you helped built?”
“I only wanted some place they could lock up those cute kids so they'd stop following me.”
“If you say so; I still say you're a kind man,” I told him and then some time later, we met up with the others.  I told Foi what we discovered, and we proceeded to our destination as the map directed us.
We walked another twenty minutes, then Foi halted us, and he pointed ahead as he spoke, “Here is the entrance to the lava flow tunnel that shall take us to the catacombs.  Let us see what we can see from here of the fortress while we are on the surface.”  He climbed to the top of the rocky opening, and we joined him, then we peered over a huge ravine a few feet away; it had eons ago gone dry.  “Look,” Foi whispered as he pointed.  “There is the dragon-harpy's fortress or at least what remains of it.”
Two large circular towers rose from the bottom of the ravine, at least a hundred stories high.  The first tower I imagined had once been connected to the surrounding land by a drawbridge, but the crossing had long ago been destroyed.  The surface of the first tower had six bridges that joined underground entrances to a center platform; the whole thing reminded me of one of the wheels of our covered wagon.  One of the six bridges was broken, and on the north side of the first tower stood some rubble.  Behind the rubble and on the second circular tower was six levels of a fortress; it appeared to still be in use for I could see candle or torch light within its window openings.
Lyge commented, “Centuries ago there was a great battle here.  Most of the surface structure was destroyed, but the dungeon keep below remains.”  The necromancer started to climb back down as he said, “Come, we shouldn't tarry here long.”
We all climbed down, then Frieden went, peered into the hole in the ground, and stated, “The opening's small.  I don't know if I'll fit.”
“You shall fit, my large friend–” Foi said. “–but it shall be cramped.”
I lit torches with Fotia Fire and handed them out to Foi, Amabilidad, and Frieden; I also took one for myself.  Jisei and Lyge used their staffs to light their way.  We traveled through the dark cramped lava tunnel, descending slowly into the cold earth.  We traveled for an hour and a half, and then Frieden broke through a cobweb wall and stepped out into the large dark catacombs illuminated in the pale glow of lunar ruby-dust that grew in the surrounding walls.  This area of the gray catacombs was somewhat circular with a spiraling staircase made of stone in its center that seemed to ascend into eternity.  A half dozen larger tunnels exited the circular catacombs besides the one we came down in.
I moved toward the center and peered up into the blackness that swallowed the spiraling staircase.  I saw a bit of light at the top and said, “It's a long way up there.”  I glanced down and saw that the spiraling staircase ended on a crystal platform.  Different colored crystals made up a pattern of a great gold dragon; it kind of reminded me of a pretty stained-glass window.  I also noticed that I could see through the crystal platform and that the hole the spiraling staircase was built within continued down without it.
“Jisei, use a life detection spell,” Foi ordered.
“Yes, shidesha.”  Jisei cast the spell and after a few moments, she said, “There is no life within a thousand feet of us.”
Foi stated, “We shall proceed while the priestess stays here.  Jisei, I want you to cast the life detection spell every ten minutes.  We do not need anyone sneaking up on you.  You shall be alone here.”
“I know, shidesha, and I shall be careful.”
Amabilidad muttered, “I don't like it.”
“Don't like what?” I questioned.
“What I had mentioned earlier.  I don't like it that we're the only ones here.”
Frieden stated, “You should be happy we don't have to face any of the dragon-harpy's army.”
Amabilidad said, “I'm not itching for a fight.  I'm only cautious since we haven't come across even a rat. There's nothing alive down here.  I'm beginning to think that there's nothing alive in this entire land.”
Jisei called forth a Hikari Crystal and once it materialized, it rose above us and lit the area in a bright green glow.  She gave each of us a Companion Wisp which I had already cast an observant-eye spell on, then all but the priestess headed into our assigned tunnel to find a support column to attach our pyroworm nit to.  The tunnel I entered was dark and cobweb infested and the further in I went, the colder it got.  As I traveled, I thought more and more about what the archer had said.  Why had we not come across one of the dragon-harpy's soldiers?  Her army was supposed to be vast.  Had we entered a trap?  Were hordes of dragon-soldiers going to spring upon us once we reached the columns?

Chapter Ten
It All Falls Apart
One hour later...
In a frenzy, I rushed up the spiraling staircase leading to the surface from the large catacombs.  I long ago left my column I had been designated to place my pyroworm nit on and entered the catacombs and found that Jisei wasn't there, so I started up the spiraling staircase to the surface.  A lot had happened in the time I had been away from my party, and Foi and the others needed to be warned before it was too late.  We had been fooled; this was all part of her plan.
My Companion Wisp was dead, and I had no other way of communicating with my party, so I desperately hurried.  I trailed a dragon-soldier who raced me to the surface and so far, he was winning.  I couldn't let him reach the fortress before me, much depended on me arriving first and sounding the alarm.  Foi was in grave danger.
The dragon-soldier leapt over a large spider web with his agile reptile body.  I threw a small ball of Fotia Fire that consumed the webbing before I reached it.  My own salty liquid speckled my face along with the filth of the dungeon as I held Floga's sheath in my left hand.  The yeti-hide fur that made up the sheath absorbed my palm sweat as I gripped it tightly; I had lost my shield earlier in a duel with the dragon-soldier and removed the sheath to fight with two blades, but I never pulled the knife.  The dragon-soldier paused and pushed on a loose wall block that was half my size, and it came tumbling down the stairs at me.  I narrowly escaped it crushing me by dropping off the stairs and clinging to the ledge, but as I did I lost Floga.  The efficiency knife fell down the stairs and landed at the bottom on the crystal platform.  I pulled myself up and forsook my father's knife and continued my pursuit of the dragon-soldier; I would have to return later for my precious Floga.  Something more precious to me could be taken from me.  I knew the truth of the matter.  Ko's prophecy would come true if I didn't stop the dragon-harpy; I saw the truth of it on an ancient mural when I was below.  I remembered Ko's words as I raced to the surface.
Do not be persuaded by the tongue of the dragon.  Lies mingle with the truth.  She is the power behind the throne.  The heart of a true paladin will be sacrificed after a sword has been broken.  A family feud will bring you to ruin.
It was the dragon-harpy's plan to sacrifice Foi's heart to bring about her evil agenda.  She must have manipulated the Duke to hire a group with a true paladin.  If she manipulated the Duke, was she also in control of Lyge?  I would have to be wary of him when I reached the surface.
The dragon-soldier's insane pace allowed him to leave me behind little by little.  I didn't think I could catch up to him unless I used Valkyrie Wings, so I called forth my class's magic, and the white wings appeared on my back.  They swiftly carried me forward, and I flew up the narrow spiraling staircase and slowly gained on the dragon-soldier, but he still reached the top first and ran out to a bridge.  I emerged into the sunlight and saw that my entire party was on the surface battling the dragon-harpy.  She was a sight to behold with her green-gold skin.  The dragon-harpy possessed a humanoid upper half, donning a white long sleeve shirt with a black vest, and her lower dragon body consisted of four legs and a spiked tail.  She was twice the size of Frieden and had claws and sharp teeth.  When I stepped out to the bridge, I also noticed that we stood on the first tower of the fortress.  The dragon-soldier and myself were on the broken bridge while Foi, Lyge, and the others were scattered about the other five bridges.  The dragon-harpy stood on the rubble between the two towers with her back to what remained of the fortress.  Before I lost my Companion Wisp, I had heard that the dragon-harpy spotted Lyge while he attached his pyroworm nit.  Now that I think of it, an odd thing happened before the dragon-harpy discovered him; my observant-eye spell was severed between me and Lyge, and I couldn't see what was happening with him.  I heard a battle start through my Companion Wisp before she was killed by the dragon-soldier, then I heard the necromancer lead the dragon-harpy to the surface, and he requested Foi and the others' aide.  Foi had ordered our party to the surface including Jisei.  I had been delayed in joining them by the dragon-soldier who had come across me at the column, but now we were all on the surface.
The dragon-soldier drew his sword, but he saw no way to reach his queen for the area between the broken bridge and the center platform was great.  He looked back at me, and I drew Molten, my Ainigma-elf steel sword, preparing for battle; the blade glowed red with my aggravation and fury.  I would do anything, sacrifice anything to save Foi and so the battle for my beloved started.
The End- click here for Ayann #1 Part B
The Vampire's Curse And The Phoenix's Feathers
or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/Ayann-1-PartB.html

Click here for more stories from Kristie Lynn Higgins
or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html

Shades of Gray- science fiction mystery thriller series
AabiLynn's Dragon Rite Series
Ayann #1- A Fantasy Action Adventure series
Beauty of the Beast #1 the Mystic Rose series
Behemoth
The Florida House Mission One a.k.a Unexplained Unexpected: Vampires
Grimm #1 Jane’s Entrance
Grimm #2 The Beast, The Rose, and the Sword
Shunned #1 The Metal Veil and the Weeping Sword Named Tear
Shunned #2 Band Of Dragons
Rex of the Dead- A Dog's View Of The Zombie Apocalypse
Road Rage


www.KristieLynnHiggins.com


**
Autographed Ebook Covers Now available
Click Here

