THE BIRDS COLONY
By Andrew M. Bukraba
This is a story of a spiritual search - through the enlightening contrast between truth and deceit.
Smashwords Edition
~ * ~
A memoir of a bird seeker who spent a few rewarding years among a strange collection of birds from many countries who all most probably had only good intentions.
~ * ~
THE BIRDS COLONY
© 2014 Andrew Bukraba a.k.a. – Woodpecker
January 22nd edition, overriding all earlier versions.

Cover Page designed by ‘Super Fast Color Lab’ - Tiruvannamalai © 2013 Mr. Armstrong
Story is sponsored by: Siddhas of Arunachala - Tiruvannamalai.  INDIA
~ * ~
Please note: I, the author of this text, am granting each and all of The Readers of this story permission to copy it and distribute free of charge in any form they choose on the only condition that it is complete and not altered.
Namaste. Peck, Peck… 
~ * ~
Editors:
Maheshwari (Shauna R.) – USA - 1998 version
Patricia P. –  Argentina/India - 10 pages
Mary Sanders – USA
Final and major editor: David Zaanta Williams Mahabodhi – England/Germany
Preface to ‘The Birds Colony’
22 January 2014 edition
Namaste, Dear Seekers of The Truth. 
I would like to offer you a few pages, from a personal perspective, of my own experiences in one of many contemporary huge ‘spiritual’ organizations, one of a vast, multi-specialty, multinational ‘charity’ – a ‘spiritual’ business empire. For obvious reasons actual names of characters have been changed to names of Birds. 
In earlier versions of this story author made comments about events not witnessed by himself and based only on other birds statements which accuracy is difficult to validate. It was a obvious mistake from my side and I like to apologize for being so careless.
Please remember: 
It is a story not a sworn rapport of actual facts so do not take each of my word for its face value but understand more as an allegory, which is permitted when writing stories. Also quoted conversations are not exact as they was, if even ever took place, only ‘spiced’ by me and some flatly invented for story narrative to flow. It is pointless to ask me who can confirm this and that. Is anyone sending request to Alice from Wonderland to provide valid prove and living witnesses that she truly met a Mr. Rabbit in a ‘Rabbit Hole’ and question her what Rabbit exactly said? To understand an essence of this story sharp intelligence is rather needed - not disturbed – remaining scraps of cult mentality programming with implanted false believes and disturbed emotions. After few letters from my Readers I realized that some does not understand this in spite it should be rather obvious that IT IS A STORY.
It may be confusing as I am using a name together with a character function. It does not matter as readers should rather try to understand the hidden teachings in the described events (not mine as I am not a teacher) and ignore the characters which in most cases are symbolic. 
Anger and frustration mounted steadily because the contrast between my inherited from my family code of ethics and the ‘reality’ I faced there was overwhelming.
I still cannot fully understand the motives of the leader called in my story White Eagle - Guru Bird, as there are many contradictions, which cannot be logically combined, like fire and water. It is possible that He arranged this grand theatrical performance for a very few who had to be given an opportunity to make, in real life, ultimate choices in situations where all the odds were against them.  I also doubt this, but I must say simply that I do not know so I prefer not to judge. Still, I value very much what I learned and have no regret that I invested my money, time and energy in this exercise. Yes, this was an excellent exercise and an opportunity to test myself.
I do not claim to know the truth, do not claim to have all the answers but I also do not like to base my life on blind beliefs just because they are commonly accepted as valid. I like to dig into the facts, find answers but I am, besides this, aware that my interpretations of facts are tainted by the filters of my mind which store memories of the past and often attach readymade ‘labels’ to  new situations. Instead of answering my questions I am, rather, accumulating more and more questions which I would like to be answered by someone who knows. This would be beneficial, but more for others than myself as this period of my life is now a ‘closed book’ for me and I do not dwell on it. 
So let it be clear: I have no agenda of my own, do not want to prove anything, do not want to take revenge on those who opposed me or who were not ‘walking their ‘spiritual’ talks’ only pretending. I just want to share my, often hurt, feelings and often amazing, perhaps occasionally inaccurate or entirely false observations and conclusions. I do not want present in this story Woodpecker as all knowing saint. He is in fact far from sainthood and even far from accepted common norm as he is determined to think independently and have own opinions.
I still love this Guru Bird and many other birds with whom I interacted, often being on opposite sides of the ‘playground’ as we all are close relatives in Totality of Existence bound together perhaps for many incarnations.  However, I completely disagree with many of White Eagle's ways of conduct, with His hypocrisy and His using lies to control Colony members. I am disappointed also with the spiritual progress of a few of His Condors whom I was supposed to imitate but whom I found having personal issues and who attempted to mislead and manipulate me.
The slogan, ‘See no evil, speak no evil and hear no evil.’ is not applicable in all life situations. How can it be good for our own morality and spiritual growth, to keep quiet in the face of plain lies, false claims and evident manipulations; and at the same time enable others to hold on to faith in a false guru or politician? So many things which a guru’s followers repeat like parrots, eg the miracles [which no one witnessed], the purity of the guru, are nothing but fairy tales and myths. So many empty promises by politicians are never mentioned by their fans. So many uplifting spiritual possibilities were told to disciples, when the teacher was not experiencing them himself.  It is not honest to keep quiet when a situation is muddy. That is why Albert Einstein said: "The world is a dangerous place to live not because of the people who are evil but because of the people who don't do anything about it."
Birds and people never voluntarily give up their freedom and liberties, except under some delusion, for example, in the case of a guru’s promise of liberation or birds' government's security. This is commonly happening in all birds and human cults and countries. Sometimes fear of a perceived, outrageous and ugly truth takes on the form of obsessive neurotics, giving up all dignity, renouncing all common sense, denying the obvious, setting taboos and system of the keepers of taboos, and the phenomenon of shutting up for years the ability of discriminating between valid evidence and myths and, by so doing, cultivates self-denial in full swing. The truth is not that which anyone, even a person claiming to be an incarnation of God, no matter if he or she is in spiritual organization or in government, what might say it is. To find the truth a seeker of the Truth must collect all evidence from all available sources; to look at the evidence from all angles; to find a way leading to lesser known evidence or hidden evidence and only after, without taking as valid the statements of others, dive inside of his being where truth is, always was and can be found when needed. This book is dedicated to all who, one day, will understand what I say.
But let us make it clear: There is none more evil or immoral a deception than that which is perpetuated under the shield of acted love, and on the basis of fake spirituality in the name of compassion.
This story is also a warning for hot-headed humans and birds. Please assess if You are ready for a similar challenge, ready to cross the boundary of Your safety zone and enter the Unknown, to have a ‘litmus test’ of integrity in what I often call ‘pure paranoia of controlled madness’. Those who join such cults and dedicate their money, time and energy must be aware that after a few years they may see a different picture than at the very beginning when the desire to participate, to be part of something imagined to be great  blinded reason and prevented the use of discrimination. Also, backing down is not always easy as most are programmed to depend on organization and Guru, and often energetically deteriorate to the point that breaking from the cult is almost out of the question. Each person/bird has a right to make choices but none is free of the consequences. If the cult is based on false foundations people/birds sooner or later ‘wake up’. For the ‘more intelligent’ this process of realizing what is really going on can take in some cases twenty plus years of swimming in paranoia of madness, internal conflict and condemnation of obvious facts as time does not heal inborn qualities. Also often in such ‘colonies’ there is a lot of competition, pushing around and even hostilities. Decent people/Flying Birds should never get into a wrestling contest with those who are corrupted/Piggy Birds because there is mud and only the real pigs like it. 
Dear Brother and Sister humans, Birds and Snakes both legless and two legged be careful, be very careful, check the depth of the ‘pond’ before You Ducks and all others jump into its waters to have a ‘spiritual’ dip because it isn’t just a black and white issue.  
So, good luck ‘birds’’ co-travelers. I salute you all with both of my wings. 
Namaste.
Andrew Bukraba - Woodpecker
Who is The Author?

His real name is Traveler because, for many incarnations, he was traveling in search of the Only Truth.  Recently, though, people are calling him – Andrew, so possibly he is Andrew. Some call him Rascal, so he must be one, at least for now. He is also known as Woodpecker because this was his last profession. One foggy night he had a dream. He was living in a cave with his wife and fifteen naughty children. His body was hairy and very muscular. He was hunting by day and at night tried to procreate more children, as survival to adulthood was rare due to having a fierce dragon – man eater – for a neighbor. The following morning, when he woke up a thought crossed his mind. ‘In a dream I was a cave-man, in my present life I was once called a child, then a student, then an officer, then a husband, an employee,  a refugee, a tradesman. What is this unchangeable ‘I am’ to which are attached all those ‘labels’ and names? Now I am not a child, not a student, not an officer but actually I, myself, now and then always was and am the same.’ So he decided, following the advice of the Sage of Arunachala, Sri Ramana Maharshi, to discover who he really is.
Andrew Mirosław Bukraba  a.k.a. Traveler a.k.a. Rascal  a.k.a. Woodpecker  – was born in 1944 in Lithuania, in a town known as ‘Rome of the North’ – Wilno (Vilnius) - in a family from the clan Gasztold bearing the crest Szeliga Odmienny. One of his ancestors came to Poland from Asia: a general who defeated Genghis Khan.  After being knighted by the King, he was appointed for life as Podskarbi Koronny (Minister of Finance of Polish Kingdom).  He was the first big landlord in Europe who granted freedom to his feudal subjects and divided his land equally among each of them. 
Andrew graduated in Poland with a Masters Degree in Soil Science. In the Polish Army he was in a rank of Lieutenant a commander of a tank platoon. After his studies he worked at the University, Polish Academy of Science, and later for the government both Provincial and Central. He worked and lived in eight countries – hot and cold, and visited, on his search for the Truth, many more. He is an experienced rock climber and mountaineer, pistol, rifle and AK-47 machine-gun marksman at Olympic level, but recently only shooting at sport targets. He is also a high mountains skier and martial arts fan; a life-long hobby that has served him very well, when needed, in a few difficult situations.  
He emigrated illegally to Sweden escaping the clutches of Communism, then moved to England and later got permission to settle in Australia. Throughout his entire life he has been a free and uncompromising seeker of the Truth, and he still is. He is a writer of short stories and poems. He spent a few years in an Indian Hindu ashram, and now lives in South India.  He is still thinking where to go next.
Woodpecker, Traveler, Raskal or Andrew can be reached by ‘CONTACT’ page on his website:
http://bukraba.wix.com/woodpecker-traveler
Please note: 
All abusive letters, sent through my site ‘Contact’, will be ignored or… if I   found them helpful for gaining deeper understanding of ‘spiritual’ community mentality by the Truth seekers– published
THE BIRDS COLONY
Early Days
Woodpecker was born a citizen of The Birds’ World.  He pecked many trees in many countries and ate delicious borer worms of different sizes and tastes.  During his life as a chick he was restless and nothing permanently satisfied him. Most of the birds built their nests and procreated their own chicks, believing they were free and had reached the climax of bird happiness.  Soon however, they grew fat and lost the ability to fly. Their successful chicks, born of such brilliant parents, blindly copied the model of the ‘happy bird family’ and as soon as they learned to fly, they looked anxiously for a partner ready to frantically do with them what has to be done to have their own chicks.
Woodpecker also built a nest, but dreaming about The Real Happiness and The Real Freedom and being observant understood that this Birds’ World was nothing more than utopia so he left it. After spending a brief, stamina-building ‘vacation’ in the Country of White Snow and Vast Nothingness, he flew to the West, following the orange disk of God Sun. He wanted to see the place where God Sun rested during the night. He spent many years of flying in his chase of God Sun.  He crossed the equator and was still not able to see the dwelling of God Sun.  Once, Woodpecker wanted to find The Truth so badly that he decided to stay up all night to see where God Sun went, then after twelve hours it dawned on him – God Sun never moved, only Birds’ World rotated, creating this so convincing illusion!
Introduction to White Eagle
Woodpecker’s adventures were endless, but he was probably predestined to reach where not many birds will ever fly. He met White Eagle who lived in a glade in a tropical jungle of the Bazon River delta in a country called Fantasia.
Once, White Eagle visited, for the first time, Big Ostrich Country where at this time Woodpecker was residing. The bird that introduced him to White Eagle was a Kookaburra – Notorious Believer (in his bad luck). So he believed that White Eagle was an incarnation of God Sun and could make any bird happy, even him. He believed that if a bird devoted himself to White Eagle there would be no need for that bird to make choices on his own, just follow His commands and everything would be fine. When Woodpecker asked how he knew such a strange thing, Kookaburra answered with full confidence, 
 “Every-bird-body knows it!” 
Woodpecker felt stupid and ashamed of his utter ignorance. He knew nothing and he did not even know that he didn’t know anything. He reasoned: 
 “If every-bird-body knows it then it must be truth. Once during his travels he saw ‘New Age’ birds wearing t-shirts with the wise slogan: ‘Eat POO! Billions of flies can’t be wrong’. It was so clever and instructive! He knew from his bird teachers that flies are very knowledgeable. So he memorized this catchphrase for future use. 
 “Obviously I have vast limitations”, he thought. “I must follow more smart ones, not brain-less birds”.
Around this mighty bird settled many birds like him. They were all restless for two reasons; one was a feeling of insecurity and even the fear of being on their own and second – the inability to have an opposite sex partner, as White Eagle set in the Colony a strict rule of celibacy. They formed a Bird Colony of Seekers trying to learn from White Eagle how to personally meet God Sun and become Free. White Eagle promised them firmly that if they strictly followed His instructions they would meet God Sun face-to-face in their own hearts. All birds, on joining the Bird Seekers Colony, wore a white feather in reverence of their leader and spiritual guide, White Eagle. 
Woodpecker wound up his Big Ostrich Country affairs and set himself on a trip to White Eagle country. His first impressions, after landing in Fantasia, were both positive and negative. In Big Town he had booked for one night a nest in a birds’ hotel. There, some hotel attendants found his, unfortunately unlocked, suitcase and collected a few thousand birds’ bank notes. Because they were very sincere and had in mind the welfare of Woodpecker, not all notes were taken. So he learned that in this country even thieves are sometimes generous. 
Joining Birds’ Colony
Woodpecker’s entry to the Birds’ Colony was very auspicious. He crossed the back swamps, which divided the long peninsula from the mainland where the Birds’ Colony was. He walked through a narrow pass, between coconut palms, leading to the Birds’ property. Suddenly, a copper water vessel atop another one near the water tap fell on his feet, washing them with cool, crystal clear water. 
“Is it God Sun washing the dust of worldliness from my body?” thought Woodpecker. He entered the compound. Upon seeing him, one old and fat, bespectacled Lady-Bird Hen, who just came out of the large hut serving as a kitchen said,
“Welcome back! How pleased I am that you managed to return.”
 “Sorry Hen-Mum, I am here for the first time. You mistake me for someone else.”
 “O, yes, yes! Someone else, someone else…”, murmured Fat Lady Bird Hen, turning back towards the kitchen entrance.
Woodpecker was permitted to stay there. He was skilled in woodworking and energetically started pecking all the trees and wooden furniture, which were in need of repair.  He was so enthusiastic that he was always ready to do any work, at any time, even the work of the sparrows or the ravens. In the colony all the birds were very busy. Those, who had a lot of work, could always find time to do something extra. There were other birds who did nothing. Those birds, doing nothing, were so busy that they never had any time for anything. 
First Teachings
Gradually Woodpecker, influenced by the colony old timers, started to believe that White Eagle, called by the birds in the colony as The Guru Bird, was much more than the great teacher who loves all the creatures of the Birds’ World.  He developed a belief that in fact White Eagle was not someone else, but God Sun Himself, who had assumed this bird’s form, only to be experienced in a more intimate way and to be better understood by the other birds.  He offered the pain of his voluntary incarnation in a bird’s body to teach the birds longing to become Free, how to realize that they were never bound.  The restlessness slowly left Woodpecker. He now felt equally comfortable doing any birds’ work, or resting. The noisy crowds of the restless birds stopped disturbing him.  Being in a crowd he felt alone, and living or working in solitude felt like being in the presence of God Sun. Now, knowing that his restlessness was caused by desires, feeling of duty, responsibility and doer-ship, he renounced his wants and identifications, expecting nothing from any bird, and offered his work and its results to the Guru Bird – White Eagle – whom he now believed was God Sun in a bird’s form.  What from the Bird World could make him happier than he already was? Another nest; another snack of an exotic wood-borer worm or another restless partner demanding to have chicks?
In the Bird Seeker’s Colony some birds were beginners and some, birds believed, had advanced on the path of regaining their Freedom and grown to a huge size, though somehow not always looking so big. They were named Condors despite the fact that they not always, rather rarely, originated from the Andes. Small bird beginners believed in the Condors’ supernatural powers, though they had no valid proof that Condors reached the top of the mind evolution a bird can ever reach. For some unknown reason, some Condors, like the mighty White Eagle – The Guru Bird – were painted in strong, bright colors, resembling the color of God Sun at sunset. Other Condors remained their natural white color. Bird Beginners believed that Condors glided internally at unimaginable heights; very, very close to God Sun. From there they should have the right perspective of things, as well as understanding the source of happenings on Bird Earth.  They were always calm and internally at rest, even if externally engaged in the Birds’ Colony’s activities. Condors were also very tolerant and understanding of the faults and shortcomings of their Younger Brothers and Sisters, the small bird beginners, and rarely guided them, demanding only royal treatment and divine respect. For them it was obvious that all birds are potentially Condors, only now they’re at the stage of growing into that State of Condor-hood and ignoring their potential is the best possible help to grant.
In the Colony Woodpecker met many friendly birds. Knowing that he was a beginner – seeker, they all tried hard to help him to be accepted by the majority of the local birds, as well as in his progress on The Path of regaining Freedom. Some of the friendly birds, forgetting that he was Woodpecker and not Lark, enthusiastically advised him that the best and most effective way was to chant special formulas in ancient birds’ now dead language, and chirp bird songs. Other well-wishers prescribed him to blindly do his work at least twenty-eight hours a day and even better and faster than Big Ostrich could run. Those most concerned about his spiritual progress and utter ignorance were the most restless birds. They felt a vocation to be teachers and had much advice to give, often to make things easier to comprehend, very contradictory. Condors rarely made any comments, expecting only that on meeting one should fall to their feet. The Guru Bird, possibly knowing well The Way, which was maybe a middle way between truth and lie, kept quiet and only smiled lovingly, perhaps instructing him in Silence to do more work for the Colony.
Learning what is Love and Compassion and How to Understand the Oneness.
One foggy day, Father of White Eagle – Old Fat Kingfisher, being a very pious and religiously minded plump bird, requested Woodpecker to make him a round table for a spiritual ritual of drinking coffee. To make things easier for him, no materials were provided and no funds to buy them. Woodpecker, determined to fulfill the desire of such a saintly bird, gathered wood pieces that were lying around and glued them together into an irregular plank. Now he needed to trim this to a round shape. He installed the plank on a table in such a way that an electrical router could be driven around it. He was getting ready to start this tool rotating 10,000 rotations a minute, when small Spying Chick Bird – Nosy Magpie, wearing heavy glasses, entered the room temporarily used by Woodpecker as a workshop and started asking hundreds of questions. 
 “Who provided you with this wood? Was the birds’ donated money to White Eagle used to buy glue? Why are you intending to waste White Eagle’s electricity by using a router instead of doing the job by hand, I mean by wing???” 
Woodpecker, being only a beginner and still touchy, got a bit annoyed and disturbed. He was doing his best, trying to satisfy the desire of a saintly elder and this chickish spy bird questioned his birds’ integrity – he thought. Woodpecker started the router, hoping that its noise would discourage Spying Chick – Nosy Magpie - from asking a hundred more provocative questions. Unfortunately, due to this unpleasant encounter he was distracted, which made the fast cutting electrical tool jump out of control over the wood, turning sideways and grinding his right wing thumb. Time slowed down, almost stopped. He felt each single rotation of the 10,000/min router bite into his thumb joint, but he retained control and managed to switch off the electrical supply and inspect the damage done to his body. It was an utter mess – ground bone mixed with minced meat.
Bird Colony Doctor Raven called four of the strongest birds to hold Woodpecker for an operation, as painkillers were too costly. On inspecting the damage he found it too extensive for his capacity and asked White Eagle if Woodpecker could be sent to the humans’ hospital. The answer was,
“No, no need. Let him stay in his nest.” Doctor was highly moved witnessing such compassion and soon left the Colony but only after performing, in one cozy room of Birds Temple, very successful birds’ sex therapy on one disturbed lady bird from Predator Eagle Country. 
Woodpecker spent a sleepless night in excruciating pain, accepting the situation as a test of his loyalty to White Eagle in whom he still deeply believed had unconditional love towards all birds. Only after lunch was he sent to a hospital where the human Doctor Sheriff declared that such damage couldn’t be operated on using the equipment in his possession. So Woodpecker ended up back in Bird Colony with a few pain-killing pills. A week later he was already carrying suitcases and repairing the Condors’ harmoniums for the White Eagle funded, upcoming North Fantasia Tour, terrifying Condors and younger birds with his undressed wound. Neither White Eagle nor His saintly father Fat Kingfisher ever asked about this incident or inquired about his well-being. Woodpecker’s thumb was repaired a few months later in a seven hour operation when he visited his Big Ostrich Country. The surgeon commented that he never expected to operate on ‘minced, like in hamburger, bird meat and ground bone’. 
The coffee table was never built. This enraged Guru Bird’s Father – Old Fat Kingfisher and… one sunny afternoon he viciously attacked with a wooden stick one old bird who was a long term White Eagle devotee, visiting the Colony from the other side of the swamps. Woodpecker witnessed this from the Birds’ Temple building’s roof terrace. At least five old Bird Seekers, Bird Colony inmates, were needed to separate White Eagle’s Father – Old Kingfisher and the poor visitor. Some of them were also hurt as Old Fat Kingfisher was furious and did not look at whom he hit. What we are able to do in the name of love is unbelievable! We can hardly imagine how these incidents reinforced Woodpecker’s and probably the poor old bird visitor's devotion to White Eagle, and respect towards members of Bird Colony. Woodpecker was now firmly convinced that he, after years of wandering, had at last found a place of real love and compassion towards the entire creation of God Sun, expressed by each and every colony resident. 
During his recovery Woodpecker attended one lecture given in the Birds’ Temple Hall by Bird Song. He was an expert in interpreting ancient birds’ sages’  writings. So, after talking for a while about White Eagle recommending remembering oneness of all God Sun’s creations, stated that Birds’ Colony members were obligated to fight Christian Birds who compete with Colony schools attracting well-paying students to their better managed facilities. Understanding the hidden logic in his explanations, a dozen Birds’ Seekers got up and left Temple Hall; in a short time a few even left the Colony. 
Serving Birdanity (derived from humanity)
During Woodpecker’s first year in Birds’ Colony, when White Eagle was touring in Big Ostrich Country, a meaningful conversation took place. Woodpecker’s ex–wife - Fat Bird Hen Via-Via - met White Eagle and asked him questions about moral rights to ‘extract’ him from Big Ostrich Country. Birds’ Family Court already officially divorced them but Woodpecker was involved, almost on a daily basis, with their son Bird Naughty Chick’s affairs. White Eagle told Fat Bird Hen Via-Via that now “Woodpecker serves Birdanity and she, his ex-wife Fat Bird Hen Via-Via, should be proud of this, not upset. Some sacrifices are needed when we build better Birds World!” It was obviously RS (Raven Shit) since, at this time, Woodpecker was putting together a calendar, an order from BP – Birds’ Petroleum Co., printed by Birds’ Colony Press, to generate more income for White Eagle. It was like in the times of his ‘joyful’ youth under Birds’ Communism in White Cold Snow and Vast Nothingness country: “We, the Soviet working bird-class, are building a luminous future for all birds of this world of ours!” Learning about this dialogue from one friendly Bird Condor he developed a fear that he was in the shithouse. He dreaded to think that by contributing so much to Birds’ World he may be awarded the ‘Yes-Bell’ Peace Prize. That would put him on the same level with one African Black Bird who was given the same Peace Prize for killing with remote controlled Metal Birds, Predators, Birds Chicks and Hens from all over Birds’ World,. It made Woodpecker’s hair stand on end and goose bumps appeared on his skin.
“What a terrible fate! In White Cold Snow and Vast Nothingness I was much safer.” he thought.  “Should I run away? Maybe it is better to escape now?” But he stayed to see more and to learn more. 
After some time Woodpecker was called to participate in working sadhana of cooking rice–grains and setting up a bird’s sound system on the White Eagle North Fantasia Tour. His presence was needed because he was a hard working bird.
Going to Infirmary
Soon, after coming back from the North Fantasia Tour, Woodpecker was sent to the Infirmary construction project, which White Eagle decided to build on Ralaa swamps to maintain his family association with water; White Eagle Father – Old Fat Kingfisher - was a fish wholesaler. Woodpecker was highly motivated because he was told that as an expression of compassion and White Eagle’s love for all birds it was going to be a free healing facility for all birds, rich or poor. 
His welcome to the Birds’ Colony Infirmary Project was exceptionally friendly and warmhearted. The Bird General – De Peacock, being in charge of this ambitious Project, in order to show his appreciation of Woodpecker’s dedication to White Eagle and willingness to work under his ignorant command, ignored his presence for a few months. Other birds, trying their best to imitate such an evolved bird’s soul, suggested that it would be best if Woodpecker went back to his Big Ostrich Country, send to the Colony regular and generous donations of Birds’ $$$, and to them, his spiritual brothers, advanced electronic toys like I – Pods, Game Boys and other entertaining gadgets. Foreign snacks would also be accepted. They concluded that it would be most appropriate if he stopped interfering with this bunch of saintly local birds. Even going back to Birds’ Colony wouldn’t be appropriate, as he was not able to join their chirping chorus of birds’ songs. 
Woodpecker’s Bad Habit
Woodpecker had a terrible habit. He liked to give names according to the predominant tendency of birds and even some other creatures. He had named many beings he met before in his life. In the Colony too, he named a few birds, who felt they were very important and rarely knew what, and often even how, things should be done, as ‘The Generals’. One small, friendly Goldfinch got frightened on hearing this heresy and said trembling,
“Never say such a thing loudly my dear Woodpecker. They will hate you if they find this out.”  
Another time, the insubordinate Woodpecker saluted a small Goldfinch with his right wing. He did it in the silly way the humans salute their habitually totally brainless superiors in the army who are good only for implementing foreign agendas of greedy decision makers. The small bird, friendly Goldfinch, was just leaving the Bird Office where he’d been keeping company with the Generals. He’d been praising them for their questionable cleverness, to raise their morale. He automatically returned the salute in the same, improper way, but he immediately realized that being a Bird Seeker under the training of White Eagle – the Guru Bird, he should behave differently. Probably the best way would be to imitate a starving, saintly pale angel–pigeon who had accidentally fallen to Earth from the Birds’ Heaven and was hopelessly struggling to find his way in this dense, materialistic bird’s environment. Goldfinch frightened said:
“White Eagle would kill both of us if He saw that.” Woodpecker only laughed.  Why should White Eagle be angry? He believed that White Eagle had no limitations as we little birds have. White Eagle is living permanently in His natural State of oneness with all God Sun creation.  He would probably only laugh seeing how childish, I mean chickish, we still are. He, White Eagle Himself, said that a visible hallmark of spirituality in a bird is his ability to laugh in any situation, even when suffering occurs. Is it not better to laugh freely when someone is joking, even if it’s at our expense, than to get angry and ‘spoil liver’ as some humans say in a metaphor?  Woodpecker could not guess if his friend small Goldfinch understood his concept or not. It seemed that his restless mind was already onto something else. Small Goldfinch was even ready to offer a candle to the God Sun Himself to help Him to see the path across the sky.
Aaaaaaaaaaaand, in such a happy and constructive atmosphere, month after month passed by. Many exquisite jokes were told by the unflagging small Goldfinch. The Birds talked about many possible heroic deeds during the lunch and dinner conferences at the canteen where, most of the time, the continuous weighty chirp of Woodpecker's friend dominated the appetizing sounds of smacks, belching and hawking at the tables, where Piggy Bird  led in making enticing noises.
Visit of Big Chick Bird 
During those happy early days of the Infirmary Project all Birds’ Colony birds were living in a small common nest called ‘Mosquito Nest’ due to being a breeding place to millions of those friendly insects. Conditions were ideal for ducks and obviously mosquitoes. Only the nest of the General – De Peacock attached to it was dry, other nests were swimming in rainwater as the roof was waiting to be repaired.
Each Sunday White Eagle's Brother – Bird Morning Rash - brought lunch to the birds living there. It was a real fiesta and all waited for it anxiously. One time he also brought his son – Restless Chick. This time the Bird, Big Chick, was on a visit to the Infirmary Project. He, despite being a personal attendant of Condor –    Big Cock was still innocent in contrary to all others, and had a good sense of humor. After lunch all were in a festive mood. Woodpecker was carrying Restless Chick on his shoulders pretending that he was not a bird but a stallion. Restless Chick got too excited and started to pull feathers from Woodpecker’s head. It was very painful! Woodpecker stopped and said in very stern voice: 
“My dear chick, in no time you will get hurt! Under my feathers are very sharp horns. You will cut your fingers and bleed, maybe even to death!” Restless Chick stopped, terrified. Bird Big Chick looked at Woodpecker with amusement and admiration.
“Woodpecker! Do you R E A LY have horns? So cool! Can I touch them?” 
All the present birds busted out with uncontrollable laughter. Some, with small Goldfinch as a leader, were rolling on the floor and two even damaged their pegs. All were happy despite the fact that Big Chick could not understand what was wrong with all the Project birds.
Going Deeper into the Mud
When Monsoon rains started and the Infirmary foundations were submerged in muddy water, Bird in Charge – De Peacock, seeing an opportunity to get rid of him, requested Woodpecker to build a shelf rack for the Project Kitchen saying with not a birdly, but foxy smile: 
“You can find wood for this floating everywhere on the site. You are not a duck so there should be no problems!” Woodpecker started, a few times cutting his legs on submerged metal bars when wading in swampy waters, but being stubborn from birth to manage any situation he constructed a spectacular, broad and strong shelf rack. All the birds were deeply saddened.  
Learning from the Wise Ones
One time Woodpecker, being experienced in bird civil engineering, told small Goldfinch with whom he shared a floor in a wet nest in a building with a leaking roof, waiting for the monsoon to pass, that today he saw progress in the construction of Infirmary. 
 “Why are you worrying?  Don’t watch other birds' work!  The White Eagle is not interested in us doing this job right.  He, our Guru, wants us to make mistakes! The bigger, the better! By repeating them, gradually we’ll come to the understanding of what we small birds are doing wrong,” retorted small Goldfinch.
Woodpecker kept quiet. What could he say?  He was relaxed.  He believed that God Sun was giving him, unasked, almost instantaneously whatever he needed.  He wanted nothing for himself, only to share his expertise with the other birds, whenever they were open to hear.  Why should he worry, about what?  Could his bird friends ever understand him? Or, maybe it’s another hidden lesson of God Sun, that he should be more introverted and not so open to other birds, who are often tense, restless and judge others according to their own limitations. In fact he never talked too much but noticed that when he kept quiet, other birds, especially the local ones, looked at him in a strange way, probably thinking he was presumptuous.  They seemed to believe that it was polite and even obligatory to talk continuously when in the presence of another bird.  In fact, why should he be concerned about what other birds thought of him? He believed that White Eagle knew his every single thought and could see the contents of his heart.  Was anything more important than this?
Contest
Once, small Goldfinch and Woodpecker went together for  lunch.  In the Birds’ Canteen there was a contest of erudition.  Many speakers/chippers vigorously took their chances.  Many of them were skilled in their choice of words and in their fast speech.  One of the competitors reached such a speed that even those who understood this very difficult language couldn’t follow him: 
“Nyan joli karinju, Nyan kukka, Nyan kukka, tukka kukka, kukka tukka, kukka, dukka, kukka, kukka…” (imitating the sound of spoken in Ralaa birds language) He was disqualified.  All nodded their heads, which meant that they didn’t understand his twitter, presented so well, and considered him a loser.  For Woodpecker, his performance sounded like a series of machine-gun stutter, used by the impatient humans as an excellent communication device to persuade other humans of their point of view, as well as of their unquestionable domination. He remained silent, knowing that when bird speaks he only reproduces what he already knows, but those birds that choose to listen may learn something new and he wanted to learn.
But who became the unquestioned winner of the contest?  Small friendly Goldfinch of course!  He was praised for his style, humor and speed without losing any clarity. He narrated, laughing sporadically, his fascinating story of the time before he joined the Colony of the Bird Seekers. He was a terror to the other birds, practicing the birds’ martial arts.  He was a coach of this sport, strong like an eagle, and fast like a goshawk.  He even pecked birds much, much bigger than himself.  I…I…I…He… He…He…Ha….Ha… expertly shifted to different subjects, and choking from laughter, related the incident of how one bird, not so technically minded as he, found it impossible to distinguish the black PVC pipe from the electrical cable.  He reported the matter to the Bird in Charge – General De Peacock in a servile manner, suspecting carelessness in an attempt to transport this mysterious cargo on the roof rack of a birds’ bus.  Ha, ha, ha…hee, hee, hee… The small bird choked from the rapture of his mastery.  After the verdict was formally announced by one of the Generals, who left the Birds’ Canteen without chirping even once, which meant total appreciation, the gold medalist almost collapsed, happy but immensely exhausted.  He found it difficult even to eat his share of the delightfully cooked white grains called by humans – rice.
But this was only a momentary weakness.  Regaining his energy and driven by the Guru Mood, he caught a draft of air and quickly said to his friend: 
“You should never make comments about other birds.  This is always understood as negative criticism and badly weakens the birds’ morale.”
Woodpecker was from a foreign country, and being very much a beginner on the path of regaining his Freedom, couldn’t comprehend fully the depth and hidden meaning of those advanced, wise words.  Knowing a little bit of the language of the birds from the Southern Hemisphere, but not all the grammar and spelling, he put those few experiences from his short life with the birds in the Colony of Seekers in writing in the form of a story, causing a headache for those birds who corrected his writings, particularly those who believed they were much more advanced but most of the time felt miserable. He hoped that White Eagle would not be angry with him.  Woodpecker was not the best typist, and echoes of his toils still resound in the Colony of Birds’ Seekers: Peck, peck, peck…clack, clack, clack…
Unjustified Advice
Woodpecker loved the monsoon. When water covered everything he felt like Stork, the bird from swamps of his old country who floundered in pools of water. One such wet evening he went for a walk around the Infirmary Project. It was an adventurous undertaking, as traps and dangers were skillfully hidden all over the site. In some of the most unsuspecting places deep pits with metal bars sticking up were located, just under the water, waiting to hurt complacent birds passing by. Under the wet stacks of teakwood awaiting bird carpenters to convert to doors, hid huge water snakes, waiting to eat the monumental frogs that usually came out before sunset to croak and happily offer themselves as a snake’s dinner.
Woodpecker reached the area where huge marble slabs were stored. The Bird in Charge – General De Peacock decided that the best way to safely store marble slabs was to stack them against each other, forming a gabled roof shape: twenty slabs on one side, twenty on the other, just for balance. This method had an additional advantage of providing comfortable resting places for snakes, where they could peacefully digest frogs. 
Woodpecker stopped close to one such structure and noticed that on one side of it were six slabs more than on the other. Probably the supervising-the-unloading-cargo bird went to the Birds’ Office to report how great a job he had just completed and left without guidance the workers who were tired and ‘cut corners’. Woodpecker gazed on this, knowing that sooner or later, following the law of physics, the structure must collapse. Suddenly his bird’s intuition commanded: TWO STEPS BACK! He moved back without analyzing the strange order. In no time the marble structure collapsed, breaking to pieces all the slabs, which were brittle. One lorry load of flooring marble was lost for the Infirmary Project. It was twenty thousand kilos of stone! If he had remained in his previous position, the bones of both his legs would have been smashed to powder.
Woodpecker was a bit shaken but also thankful for God Sun for giving him, just in time, a warning and saving him from disaster.
“It must really be this God’s Sun Grace the old birds were talking about,” he thought! He walked into the Birds’ Office. One of the Generals – Bird Walrus, was still sitting there, immersed in deep contemplation on his graceful state of total surrender to the birds’ fate. Woodpecker explained what had just happened and on the basis of his understanding of the principals of physics suggested to order from Starling Bird – a technical genius, a few metal stands, preventing future damage. The General – Bird Walrus immediately got angry:
“What do you, Woodpecker, know to advise us? We, we, we… the Generals have been blessed with White Eagle’s ability to do everything right. Marble broken? Accidents always happen! Don’t you know? Who cares? One day of foreign donations is sufficient to bring here four lorries of even better marble! We, we, we… the Generals are in full control of any situation! And…no bird will be brave enough to disturb this genius – Starling Bird trying to implement your silly suggestions. You better go to your nest and forget it all.  And… you better NEVER mention this to any bird. Understood? We, we, we…the Generals always know what to do… Foreign birds donate generously so there is no problem at all. Any loss can be accommodated. Why do you worry? Better you go and practice sleeping meditation.”  
Woodpecker felt ashamed that in his vast ignorance of right conduct he was so rude to try to advise his senior, who was for sure more dedicated to sincerely serve White Eagle than he was. 
Real Job
After some time, the Bird in Charge – De Peacock, bored by seeing Woodpecker persistently present and somehow not upset by the local birds’ friendly attitude of ignoring him, decided to give him some work to prove his total worthlessness in the competitive spiritual birds’ world. The General – De Peacock was too important to directly approach Woodpecker so he arranged that a third party, the lowest possible caste bird, tell him that all the furniture and medical equipment sent from other countries by the birds devoted to the Guru Bird – White Eagle, had to be refurbished and made to look new and uniform. The matter was urgent as the opening date of the first Birds’ Infirmary department was nearing. Having this on their minds, everyone made it a point of honor to make Woodpecker's attempts to work efficiently impossible.
Until now foreign goods had been carefully stored in damp rooms to mature and thus adapt quickly to the local conditions of this tropical climate. All understood that moisture and mold is the best and toughest test of rust resistance. Local rats were pleased and built their nests in this stuff – uncontrollably procreating. After the brave decision had been made, everything immediately became exposed to dust and fresh air. Some of those valuable things the birds stored in skillfully chaotic monumental piles; where the chairs, walking sticks and physiotherapy equipment formed artistic compositions rising up high from the dusty, untiled floor to the ceiling. Other items, especially more expensive ones, like operating tables, heavy hydraulically controlled beds, sophisticated electric examination tables and X-ray gear, were spread around the ground floor of the building. Splashes of cement and whitewash gave it all a final artistic touch on the once shining surfaces. Less durable things got broken, showing the obvious inferiority of foreign mass production over local handmade imitations.
As soon as Woodpecker was told about his new duties, he presented the Bird Office with a written proposition of itemized needs for equipment, staff and some common, basic materials to start with, as well as working space. He suggested that the floor where most of the goods were stored should be cemented, and everything lying around the two buildings brought there, and the place needed to be lockable. This was taken under consideration, and as it was a very annoying subject, immediately forgotten.
Luckily for all involved, the Generals appointed a most knowledgeable and technically minded small Goldfinch to be the bird in charge of Woodpecker’s supplies. Without unnecessary delay, two weeks later, he took his friend Woodpecker out to buy everything he needed from a long list of machines, tools and materials. To carry their shopping more safely and comfortably, they used a light motorbike. They bought a few items from the list and also, requested by other birds, necessities like bird’ snacks called tapioca chips. The next day small Goldfinch handed the order list back to Woodpecker and said, smiling with contentment. 
“You, my friend must keep these papers safe yourself, because I will lose them immediately in the Bird Office. My responsibilities are too immense to keep track of any documents! In this way the problem of supplies was solved most skillfully in one go while also getting rid of bureaucratic paraphernalia. Once more small Goldfinch proved his cleverness and could again relax, sitting in the Bird Office under the fan, uplifting the stressed Generals with his jokes, and feeling content after nicely completing the job given him. Nobody had the slightest doubt that he had not done all that had been in his power. A couple of weeks later when Woodpecker asked timidly what was happening with the rest of his order, small Goldfinch was shocked by such an improper and untimely question. 
“I can't buy you anything more because I don't know where to get it! You cause too much trouble for all of us. You should find yourself the suppliers and solve your problems without involving other birds. We are all too busy serving White Eagle and trying to help you in our spare time. I am especially overloaded with responsibilities. I even have to think, which is very exhausting. Remember, we are all dedicated, without reserve, to selfless service to the Guru Bird. You should become as dedicated as we are. Everybody has his problems. You should help us by solving your problems without bothering us. Why are you not happy having three items from your list of forty-four? Three is much better than none! Be sure, from now on no-bird-body will help you!”
Woodpecker was confused and yet not fully convinced that it was the most efficient way of serving White Eagle – the Guru Bird. He felt like he'd been given a car to drive but with only one wheel. He was probably mentally retarded because no-bird-body seemed to understand why he was not fully satisfied. 
But birds say that time heals all wounds and it is true not only in the normal, mundane but even in the spiritual birds’ world. A few days later small Goldfinch forgot that he was too busy and couldn't help his friend Woodpecker anymore. One late afternoon he was lying in another bird's nest, and probably thinking intensely, when Woodpecker came in. He said zealously: 
“Oh, I have been searching for you all day to take you to the shops! Only I have time to help you! Where have you been Woodpecker?”
“Did you stop by my workshop?” asked a surprised Woodpecker. 
“Oh no, but I have been searching for you everywhere else and could not find you. I asked many most intelligent birds and no bird could tell me where you could be." 
Well, well…and again they left in a great hurry to buy at least something. It was almost time for the shops to close, but thanks to their determination to serve the Guru Bird to the utmost of their abilities, they succeeded again. The list of forty-four items was miraculously reduced to thirty-eight. The refurbishing work started to be almost possible to think of in the ‘near’ but unspecified, rather indefinite future. Woodpecker calculated that if they kept this standard of efficiency and speed, it was possible that work could start a few months after the inauguration ceremony, obviously if no more unexpected additional needs appeared or more birds got involved in helping.
Small Goldfinch in fact loved to do the shopping as it gave him a unique opportunity to explain to accidentally-met local birds what a greatly educated bird he was, how he had graduated from Bird College and later himself was a lecturer there, and how his students were almost as great as he was, and that they worked in all possible fields of bird industries. But one thing irritated him badly. He could not stand birds asking technical questions. He immediately gave examples from his years as a teacher, illustrating that there is nothing to understand. He knew everything, and some bird asks an obvious question. Ridiculous! Why do they want to understand? If they understood then they would realize that in most actions there is no logic and no preliminary thought to set directions. Why can't they understand that if we have White Eagle, we don't have to damage our birdbrains by worrying and thinking? The Guru Bird is in full control and will fix everything in spite of our lack of attentiveness, learned ignorance and delightful laziness. Why worry and try to understand? It is much better to exercise higher intelligence by watching TV, as most bird seekers did when the Bird in Charge – De Peacock was away. It was better to nourish the body on the dishes and snacks specially prepared for the Generals.
Small Goldfinch was always in a hurry. When driving his tiny motorbike he rushed slaloming between other moving vehicles, huge lorries, buses and cars. He never showed any fear in spite of risking instantaneous death at the slightest mistake. After a few such rides it became obvious to Woodpecker that his friend bird must be an incarnation of a Japanese kamikaze – a suicide pilot from WWII. Even his love for the martial arts indicated his earlier connection with the Empire of the Rising Sun. Very often when these two traveled together the railway crossing was closed. Small Goldfinch, skillfully bending himself on the bike, crossed this ridiculous obstacle in spite of the loud protest of Woodpecker sitting behind him trying to persuade small Goldfinch that it was very dangerous and that they were dressed in such feathers that all the other birds waiting patiently for the barriers to be lifted up knew that they were the Bird Seekers from White Eagle's Colony Project – The Infirmary. This was of no interest to small Goldfinch as his restless nature forced him to rush, ignoring the dangers and not thinking of the impressions he made on other birds living locally. But after victoriously conquering those artificial snags, he immediately instructed his friend-beginner: 
“You can't have what you need instantly. Wait! There is nothing to rush for! Be patient. All your troubles are purposely created by the Guru Bird to test your patience.”
After some time Woodpecker partly understood the hidden logic and secret thought behind some of the actions of his friend. For example, small Goldfinch had to rush to the shops late, just before night, because as a technically qualified bird during the day he was involved in the purchasing of foodstuff for the Infirmary Project kitchen, while at the same time the Infirmary Project cook supervised the unloading of rolls or resin and fabric for reupholstering foreign furniture and the kitchen was at the mercy of a carpenter who was so generous in adding so much chilli to the watery sambar that even local birds couldn’t eat it.
Tiling Floors
Once again, week after week passed by. They all faithfully waited for a miracle, knowing the unlimited powers of the Guru Bird – White Eagle. In the meantime, two more containers of goods arrived and now things were everywhere, even on the muddy ground under the unfinished entrance porch. But when after two months nothing happened by itself, the Generals made another brave decision: to tile with white marble the next floor up and shift all the trouble-causing goods together with Woodpecker there. In this way foreign bird Woodpecker was on his way to becoming the first bird ever to run a workshop with a white marble floor! 
 
The work of the marble layers started, in order to avoid any future waste of precious time, immediately after ten days of intense thinking on how to skip the problem. When everyone realized that this time it was unavoidable not to do something, work started. But from every situation there is always a way out. After three quarters of the floor was tiled, the work stopped immediately, to be continued in a hurry on less urgent tasks. More goods were arriving. The Generals, at the time of unloading the containers, always disappeared, and all the birds asked Woodpecker where to store things. There was no space provided as from the very beginning the Generals had rejected the silly idea to build a temporary, huge shed. Woodpecker took the most expensive things to his store and the rest were spread on the ground floor, forming a real barricade. This made the work of finishing for the tradesmen easier; there was no need to do any work, as there was no access.
Woodpecker, curious of the perspectives, asked the bird supervising the tiling work – Piggy Bird (the name given by Woodpecker after his loud style of eating), when the job was going to be finished. It happened in the Birds' Canteen. He was one of the cleverest students of Wise Pig, an Associate Professor at the Animals and Birds’ University of Paranoia. He remembered well what his wise teacher stressed so many times; that all animals and birds are equal but pigs, including piggy birds, are more equal than others. The bird in charge of the marble reclined on his chair, putting his wings behind his head, in what in birds’ body language is a sign of unquestionable superiority of his piggy clan and total confidence in his wisdom, and rocking on the rear legs of the chair, to show that he was in full control of the situation, said with a voice filled with power, importance and self-assurance:
“I, I, I... will tile the entire floor in seven days. I, I, I... can do it! No problem! I, I, I... can do even much more if, if, if… I like.” One month later when Woodpecker asked him again when this job was going to be finished, he impatiently moved and said: 
“In ten days or two, maybe three weeks the work will be completed. But now you, by yourself, must move everything that you have in the store immediately, because tomorrow, I, I, I start to tile this floor.”
A Chance to Learn by Mistakes
The opening date of the first facilities in the two towers built by the Birds' Colony had been firmly set for the upcoming birthday of White Eagle. Everyone was very excited and curious as to how Woodpecker's work was progressing. The Bird in Charge, probably motivated by the absence of White Eagle who had flown to the other continent to see his bird devotees and disciples and to collect Birds’ $$$, decided to intensify their efforts and started to do some work on all floors, except the one that was intended for Woodpecker 's workshop. With unbelievable energy some unfinished walls had been covered with a final texture coat, leaving for contemplation charming gaps between the brickwork and the aluminum window frames, allowing Brothers Insects to crawl in. The other bird specialists were making over – bird effort to complete gas pipes made from unsuitable, poor quality copper pipes, only to remove it all and redo it after alternating diameters of pipes and washing them in acid, or using, for a change, superior quality disgusting pipes of a foreign origin. Birds were eagerly tiling the floors, plastering the walls, and even partly painting them. Then, in order to install forgotten sewage system pipes in the floor, they were cutting deep grooves in the well–done marble slabs and demolishing walls to erect them in the right place after checking the plans. The construction birds never liked to finish any work. To provide some memorabilia of the early stages for those of a contemplative nature, they always left unplastered parts of walls, sheet metal or wooden casts hanging from ceiling slab, unfinished brickwork, and wide gaps between window frames or uninstalled electrical wiring.  This last was always done after the plastering was completed, as the uneven filling of grooves would in the future be of great help in locating the installation in case of unavoidable alterations, as some light switches had been installed on the hinges side of the doors to provide a break from boredom for future employees.
Woodpecker had to agree that the local birds were superior to him in patience, which was so needed on this difficult spiritual path. They never hurried – except small Goldfinch who most of the time was in a hurry to practice sleeping meditation. When the roof of their quarters leaked, some of them, including Woodpecker, slept in pools of water. All were patiently waiting for the rainy season to end, and then they immediately repaired the roof of their nest. The same was the case with the drainage of the site. The monsoon rains were unpredictable, so no bird even tried to prevent possible flooding. But surprisingly it had come, and the mechanical workshop, located in a low area, became a swimming pool, with welding units sticking out of the water like the starting blocks in a swimming pool, the kind humans have for sporting entertainment. The situation was developing in a direction favorable for huge local frogs. Unfortunately, among all the birds on the Project, there was not even one stork or heron, not to mention pelicans. Maybe it was a face-saving situation, as the size of the frogs could force even those frog eaters into shameless retreat.
Teak wood stored for manufacturing door-frames got wet and after drying was partly twisted. It provided a great chance for the local bird carpenters to prove that they could make wood straight again by hand planing through the night. Woodpecker was amazed. No foreign bird carpenter would be able to follow their manual skills. In foreign countries, the use of electrical machines spoiled carpenters. The local birds liked to work in an emergency. If there was any chance to postpone the work, they unfailingly used it as a preliminary step for night work.
Woodpecker could not complain. He was exposed to such a wealth of wisdom that he could only pray to White Eagle to give him a chance to understand what meaning there was in all he saw. Hidden teachings of God Sun were in everything. He could consider himself very lucky because thanks to his association with a few birds of above average, genius level of intelligence he could progress more rapidly. 
One of the senior Generals was especially a mine of wisdom. He had a proven way of making decisions. As a rule he had a few conferences about the simplest project, inquiring in detail about the technical applications, requested materials, design and construction, and the technology to be used. Thanks to this he later always had an insight into the nature of things and could conclude the meetings by making the confident statement: 
“I don't understand it all; you should talk to Starling Bird. He is a real genius and may follow even you.” 
To have a glimpse of the vast knowledge of this bird, it is necessary to mention how once, after his usual long conference explaining how the legs of the writing table requested by the Guru Bird - White Eagle, were going to be constructed, he, in his spontaneous compassion to the ignorant Woodpecker, exclaimed heartily:
“If two horizontal lines are joined together by a third one at a 90-degree angle, then this one is vertical.” By talking about it he unexpectedly opened for the general public of ignorant birds, a fragment of an important secret, which was probably formulated recently by him, the United Theory of the Field of the Bird Existence, for which the bird world had waited so long. But we are too limited, too narrow-minded to grasp and comprehend this epoch making discovery. How can we predict its future application? One thing is certain: the life of birds on this planet will be revolutionized and soon reach unbelievable heights of advancement.
His major concern and greatest ability was to save enormously by searching and purchasing shoddy materials at bargain prices. He was often highly praised for this rare talent by the General in Charge – De Peacock and by the tradesmen who earned more money by having to unavoidably replace the sub-standard installations, as was the case with the copper gas pipes. The benefit of his far-sightedness gave higher than financial results. The same work done twice made for excellence in both the workers and their results. His talents can't be counted even on the feathers of the two wings of a Condor. 
He had a splendid system for all aspects of his immense responsibilities. If any bird asked him to make inquiries about something or make any decision, he smiled with the mysterious charm of an all-powerful bird, and making detailed notes of the problem, inserted this into his desk drawer. If Woodpecker, unaware of the progress, asked after a week or so how things were, he would again confirm, this time by words, that everything was in the best hands, sorry, wings,
“I,I,I... aaaa…mmm taking all possible steps...”  On hearing this Woodpecker understood that this General definitely needed a bigger desk – one with much bigger and preferably lockable drawers. Luckily for all, in the current containers there were a few perfect desks, and one even had a key. The General was delighted. He inserted all his important papers immediately into one of the drawers and locked it. We can only imagine his happiness when he found that this key only locked the drawer. Unlocking was a special skill for a locksmith not available in this country, for it was a foreign lock. So he said with total confidence: 
“I will take care of it!”
Mechanical Workshop
Starling Bird Genius was another instructive subject of observation and an inexhaustible source of advanced knowledge. He was in charge of the mechanical workshop where they made fast and cheap excellent imitations of factory made beds, benches, lockers and metal constructions of huge hangars and sheds. None of the parts were calculated for strength, but because he was a genius, and as the Bird Seeker, Guru Bird, protected him nothing was damaged, even during stormy weather. It was a real miracle, as in some cases the impressive construction seemed to be made intentionally against engineering principles to test the unlimited powers of White Eagle. Only very rarely did corrugated metal sheets fly from the roofs of the fourth floor Infirmary towers on bird workers passing by. No bird was decapitated because the Project was under the total protection of White Eagle’s occult powers. 
After being in the Bird Seekers Colony for many years, Starling Bird Genius still had an impetuous character. Everyone was happy that they did not know him before he had spiritually advanced so much. But most of the birds, including the Generals, were afraid to ask him anything. The discoverer of the United Theory especially trembled for a few days prior to trying to discuss the smallest controversial subject with him. Starling Bird could not stand Woodpecker's subversive foreign technological ideas. He solved problems with a lot of shouting at the supervised bird workers, hammer, welding rod and hacksaw. Woodpecker once gently tried to direct his attention to the unsuitability of using an expensive, imported saw blade, formulated for cutting wood, for cutting aluminum. A real genius, after almost being killed by a broken blade flying like a ninja star, he discovered a revolutionary method of easing his sufferings of Woodpecker’s presence. Music played at maximum capacity of his powerful sound system proved to give him relief and successfully pass his headache onto others. He achieved the best results by playing such loud music when others were meditating and washed his clothes at a comfortable distance, or was away in Big Town to do some other things. But his confidence was unshakable. When asked when he was going to install windows into Woodpecker’s workshop because the place was flooded when it rained he shouted: 
“Tomorrow!”
Three weeks later when asked the same question, he repeated the same with the same confidence but now tainted with anger: 
“Tomorrow!”
“This is what is called a bird steady mind! Even the Condors should learn from him,” thought Woodpecker.
Memory and Greetings
Some birds, thanks to intense and thoughtless meditation in front of the TV, or other secret spiritual practices, developed an excellent memory. Woodpecker was amazed as this was generally connected with their respective responsibilities. For example one bird, who was an expert in the field of deep coolers and refrigerators, borrowed a transformer from Woodpecker built specially by the Colony for the foreign equipment. Seeing that Woodpecker was concerned about the proper use of it, as he was aware of the Colony bearing the expenses said: 
“Do not worry my brother bird. We are all children – chicken of the Guru Bird and  take the best care of everything that belongs to the Colony. Just relax! Be sure that I will take all possible steps not to damage or lose it.” Once more Woodpecker believed his brother. One month later he asked this bird if he still needed the transformer. Imagine his shock when the Fridges Mechanic Bird answered with utter surprise!
“What transformer? I don't know anything about any transformer. I don't have your transformer. Ask other birds if you like. Maybe someone knows something. You never lent it to me!” And he left in a hurry because the conversation became ridiculous. His detachment to material things, especially not his own, was unbelievably perfect. Woodpecker only sighed.
“Will I ever be able to reach such heights? Maybe I should stop taking Vitamin B12 supplements given to me as a gift by one foreign bird devotee? Maybe this could be helpful?”
The Guru Bird – White Eagle, formulated this advice for the Bird Aspirants. He recommended humility and politeness. The birds should greet each other on meeting by a special formula bringing back to the birds' minds the memory of God Sun. In the Colony some bird seekers imagined that they were already above the needs of any conduct, like the bird avadhutas, who had reached the peak of bird evolution. They did not respond to such provoking addresses or phrases from the beginners and only smiled ironically, expressing their supposed-to-be obvious superiority. Those ‘advanced’ birds identified themselves with the state of, as they thought, deserved Condor-hood, and cherished some fancy goods in kavi - color of fire, the Condors’ dresses, or at least bath towels in the Condors’ color. 
Suggestions
The General in Charge of the Project – De Peacock was the most competent of all. He had extensive experience after years of running his own bakery shop with processed grains for Piggy Birds and a few years of correctly making mistakes on another project. Probably small Goldfinch was right in saying that the Guru Bird did not want the job to be done well, he only wanted the birds to repeat endlessly their mistakes until one day they were illuminated and realized that things can be made differently and much better, simpler; that it is not advisable to interfere with any bird's work, only to help them to commit mistakes, as it is most beneficial for their personal growth. 
Once Woodpecker, with his mind full of modern, unwanted ideas accumulated after almost thirty years in the building industry, tried to introduce water traps at the internal connections of the sewage pipes. He was told that because of health requirements in the infirmary, all internal maintenance should be minimized and the water traps suggested by him, preventing the smell from the sewage spreading across the wards, would be installed externally. This was a very polite rejection of the idea. Now the effort was made to make sure that water traps would not be installed at all, as the fragrance of rotting waste and excreta probably also has, in ‘Ay – You – Veda’  – ancient Fantasia School of Birds’ Medicine, health benefits. But this was the domain of the Chief Engineer, the Bird – White Raven and his chirp was always last – and unquestionable.  
The General in Charge – De Peacock was an excellent psychologist. Because he was the brain of this enormously large adventure, he happily engaged himself in many activities in remote areas, like driving lorries to fetch marble slabs. He had no illusions about the reliability of the birds of whom he was in charge, and spent weeks in a row on traveling, leaving them an opportunity to make in a relaxed atmosphere the right mistakes. And he was never disappointed because every bird performed at the top of his or her abilities. Work was progressing well.
Maverica 
One foreign Lady Bird, seeing Woodpecker stuck on his spiritual Path and not progressing at all, decided to reward him with a present. She purchased a toy for him. It was a Sonny ‘Maverica’, a digital camera, one of the first ones available on the birds’ market – so primitive that it wrote digital images to a floppy diskette. Woodpecker was delighted! Now he had the opportunity to prove the exceptional dedication and unprecedented skills of his brother birds. No one would know what he carried when on his daily walks. It looked like a portable box for donations of grain to homeless birds. But it was something very, very dangerous.
First he photographed an exceptional expansion joint in a circular concrete beam, which surrounded each floor’s external passages of the Infirmary Atrium. Chief Engineer, having over thirty years of experience in birds’ civil engineering, strictly followed the building plans, created desired shapes, but skipped gaps as in his understanding expansion happened only in foreign countries. Bird workers earned substantially by repairing this chipping concrete. 
Mavericas’ next target was the Infirmary Waste Disposal Site. It was located close to the Laundry Hangar, to provide visiting rats clean linen to wipe their hands and legs after meals. It was a monumental pile of bloody operation drapes, plastic tubes, half-full blood plasma IV bags and all sorts of medical waste. Bird body parts were also there in abundance as operating theaters were busy seven days a week. Local dogs, rats and vultures were delighted as fresh food supplies were delivered daily. Woodpecker photographed this superior scene, choosing as acting heroes most lovely dogs, and sent the photo, as a postcard, to White Eagle. As a result General Bird - De Peacock intensified hostility towards his most dedicated friend. But… soon an incinerator was built close by. After a few months of experiments to find out how to operate it Bird De Peacock finally found an old bird experienced in burning dead birds. He proved to be competent. To avoid inconvenience for dogs and rats, burning was conducted only in the evenings, just before sunset, when the sea breeze directed fumes at all Infirmary’s Six Towers. Thanks to the still miraculously functioning air conditioning system, all carcinogenic gases and the smell of burning plastic was evenly distributed to all rooms. Dr. Lung – Head of the Pulmonary Department, was immensely pleased as even his great-great-grandchildren, Brainy Chicks had guaranteed employment.
Woodpecker’s photo hobby created a veritable collection of instructive images. After seeing some more brilliant ones, Woodpecker’s friend, small Bird Goldfinch wisely suggested that during retirement he should process his photo portfolio and present it to the general birds’ public on the Birds’ Internet. Woodpecker still has not decided but its idea is in consideration.   
Satsang
Once Big Condor – S’ Maya was sent by White Eagle to the Infirmary for a satsang. On the General’s order, all off-duty staff attended. Satsang was held in the main entrance to the Infirmary. For Big Condor – S’ Maya, a gigantic cushioned seat was arranged on an elevated stage, like those in movies about ancient King Birds. He was a great story tweeter. Big Condor – S’ Maya presented a splendid discourse on the stupidity of birds getting married and the superiority of the birds’ sannyasa path. He was obviously on a positive side and his earlier encounter with foreign Lady Bird – S. from whom he got the prefix for his name, only confirmed how superior casual sexual encounters are and how they prevent responsibility as was the usual case for members of traditional birds’ families. To demonstrate his high level of education he skilfully changed from one to another of four birds’ languages. On hearing these words of wisdom, few Doctors and many nurses left upset that they ended up on the stupid side of the birds’ society. Woodpecker, who was sitting on a balcony balustrade stayed, but came to a different conclusion. If all birds, reaching Big Condor – S’ Maya’s level of intelligence, chose the sannyasa path, then there would be no new generation of birds to continue making correct mistakes as Guru Bird was promoting abortion if any lady bird got pregnant with her ‘monastic’ disciple.
Next morning Big Condor – S’ Maya requested Woodpecker to write about his greatness in a magazine he published in his old cold country. Woodpecker refused, saying that he can accept such orders only from White Eagle – his Guru. Big Condor – S’ Maya got angry and asked Woodpecker if he knew with whom he tweeted. All the present birds' Infirmary supervisors were eagerly listening, expecting something major. Woodpecker calmly explained that he is starting to understand who Big Condor – S’ Maya is.
Two weeks later Big Condor – S’ Maya left the Colony for North Fantasia, where on the banks of the Ga-Ga River, desiring to have multitudes of foreign Lady Birds disciples, built One Corrupted Bird Colony. No one joined him so, being bored, for the first time in his life he started to do the birds’ sadhana.
Waxing Marble
The Bird Future Administrative Director of the Birds’ Infirmary – Bald Turkey, introduced an innovative method of making marble floors more durable: burnishing them with imported chemicals using special machines. Because no local bird understood how to do it, Woodpecker was assigned to this task. To make things easier for other birds, General in Charge decided that this should be done at night and Woodpecker from now on should sleep only two hours after dinner and afterwards supervise the team of burnishing workers and during the day continue work in his unofficial Birds’ Furniture Department. His workers on both teams were from A-Cheeta Birds’ Seva Kendra. They were young birds between the ages of eighteen and twenty – five wanting to get permanent employment in the Birds’ Colony Infirmary. So… this was promised by the Generals on condition that they first would agree to work a few years (to make this clear no one – bird said how many) for only the Project canteen food and bird money for a bus to commute to work. They ended up being classified as volunteers – not employees. This shameful scheme was the genius idea of White Eagle who, being ‘generous’ towards the birds working for Him, decided this way to avoid paying minimal wages in Fantasia’s most watery State of Ralaa. 
Work started immediately. In no time Woodpecker realized that burnishing is an impossible task as all marble floors completed up to now were already heavily waxed! The foreign, burnishing chemical was only foam, making no changes in the crystal structure of marble. He requested General in Charge, wise Bird De Peacock to discontinue waxing the new floors. General said nothing, which Woodpecker took for confirmation of his request as in Roman birds’ tradition: “silence means agreement.” 
In the meantime, trying to patch up this problem, the Future Administrative Director – Bald Turkey, imported from another country a very costly chemical and special pads to be used by the floor treating machinery team to remove wax. It worked! Burnishing started and progressed well. Nevertheless, after a few weeks, surprised Woodpecker discovered that the waxing of new floors was still going on. Deciding to get some intelligence on the hidden powers and secret motives behind this, he inquired to the bird in charge of flooring – Piggy Bird if the wax used by his team is of really good quality. Not expecting from Woodpecker any tactical trick Flooring Bird exploded: 
“How can you doubt? Uncle of the General in Charge our beloved De Peacock supplies this wax from his hardware shop! He already delivered two truckloads! It should be sufficient for thirty years in two or even probably three such Infirmaries! It is very, very expensive wax but good, good…so good… and I, I, I… believe it is of the best quality, because the Bird in Charge – De Peacock said so!”  
Woodpecker decided to confront the General. In the General's Office was, by chance, a very important, influential and dedicated to White Eagle visitor from Birds’ Big Town and a few supervising Project birds. Goldfinch was also among them, as usually he tried to be where he was not needed. Woodpecker closed the entrance door behind him and loudly announced:
“Attention please! No one will leave this room until General in Charge – Bird De Peacock publicly promises me, once more and forever, that the practice of waxing floors will stop today. Do not move and do not come close to me dear Brother Birds as I do not like to harm anyone.” General De Peacock smiled ironically, bending over his desk like a jaguar ready to strike, and said, hissing like pampu (Tamil: a venomous snake): 
“Woodpecker, have you forgotten who you are? Just nothing! You must understand that here I, I, I… make decisions, I, I, I…. I am the General in Charge of this Project and my only intention is to serve White Eagle, our dear Guru Bird to my very best. Waxing floors is for the purpose of protecting them from stain and other damages. It will continue!” 
For a few minutes no one opened his beak. The silence was total; only the also spiritually corrupted – Dishonest Lizard, crawling on the wall behind White Eagle’s picture, confirmed the evidently questionable truth of General’s last sentence, making the sound ciu, ciu, ciu… The day was auspicious: the 13th of the Bad Month and on top of it all – Friday. Superstitious birds stayed in their nests on such days. Small Goldfinch, being such, forgot his mastery of the birds’ martial arts and changed position to be at the back of others. Later he innocently confessed that the one sight he hates the most is to see a bird’s blood on the floor and this was exactly what he expected to see there very, very soon. 
After a while Woodpecker replied in a relaxed way, accenting important parts of his chirp by talking in a very low voice and tweeting much, much slower:
“Do you – spiritual B r o t h e r – Bird – De Peacock imagine that I am here for a different reason? I left my country, my profitable birds’ business only to serve White Eagle! Chemicals from Birds’ Country of Swi-Land cost thousands of Birds’ Euro, not Birds’ Fantasia Rupees! But with me it is OK. If you want to continue waxing floors – go ahead! This is between White Eagle and you, even if White Eagle knew nothing about it at this point. If you like – continue but…. …… I   w i l l    t e l l   N O W   all present here, with all details, w h o   f i n a n c i a l l y   B E N E F I T S   by this process. I will also inform White Eagle and tomorrow post in the Fantasia’s Ralaa State, Birds’ Newspaper “Peeping News” an article on how White Eagles’ senior disciple, y  o  u    d  e  a  r    B r o t h e r – Bird – De Peacock, used his position to benefit his family.”
Silence again; deep silence like in a samadhi of the famous Bird Emperor Crow – Shoka-a. The Bird – De Peacock’s face changes color like a turkey when he gets angry. The important visitor from the Big Birds’ Town watched attentively. De Peacock’s voice sounded like that of a goose, shot by a hunter in the Ralaa swamps:
“I, I, I... am, am, am… now convinced that you are right and I, I, I… am, am, am… promising to stop waxing floors.”
“It is very wise, Brother Bird. It will save you face, for some time, I guess, but…. do not try again to break your word! If you do, I will not chirp with you, but only act as my conscious dictates me,” concluded Woodpecker.
This night, after dinner, when Woodpecker walked in darkness along his usual route to his workshop and nest from the Project Canteen, a brick, thrown from a high floor of the Infirmary tower, fell two or three ducks’ feet from him.  There was no earthquake and not even a wind. The brick fell not vertically but on an angle. 
“Strange, did gravity move under my feet?” thought Woodpecker.  
“Mystery always is fascinating!” he asserted, continuing to slowly walk forward, knowing that it is not his time, not yet. 
Last Ride of a Bird – Big Chick 
The Bird – Big Chick was residing in the Birds Colony Headquarters, working as a personal attendant to the Bird – Big Cock. Being there he had a chance to gaze from time to time with love at one foreign Chick Bird, even sometimes tweet with her. She also found him as her darling.
The Bird – Big Chick loved to drive birds’ cars. One day he went to the Birds’ Infirmary, which was a close distance, only a hundred and eighty kilometers away. He asked two other birds to keep him company and chat - tweet all the time, as silence for birds is always unbearable.
I shall tell you now, Dear Readers, what was the result of these unending chirps! It was raining. The tar road was slippery; visibility only thirty meters. They were young, brave and thanks to Colony programming, had limited imaginations, so the Bird – Big Chick decided to pass, on a curve, a birds’ bus. From the opposite direction unexpectedly and ‘without his permission’ came a heavily loaded lorry. The crash was head on, powerful and deadly. It was like hitting a wall at a speed of at least seventy kilometers per hour. The Bird – Big Chick, who was at the steering wheel, was killed on the spot. The other two birds were badly injured. African Sea – Goose – Berry Bird’s lower beak hung down on a strip of his skin. His forehead was also split, but proved empty, as he was already a few years brainwashed in this holy community. He had a few operations but still could not produce clear chirps. Depression. 
African Sea – Goose – Berry Bird decided to fly back to Africa and stay under the loving care of his birds’ family but… White Eagle ‘arrested’ his bird passport. He, seeing birds’ life, as an illusion called Birds’ Maya, could not afford to lose him – loved so much His chick - son and… a very hard worker. Sending him home in such a miserable state could also damage Birds’ Colony reputation and reduce the current generous donations.
When some - bird told Woodpecker that the Bird – Big Chick is no more on this Birds’ Planet he thought: 
“Maybe he already met with the original energy of his first love, whose physical projection was still in the Birds’ Colony. Maybe he even met my spiritual representative and touched my real horns and from now on knows who I really am and that I really have horns!”
Taxi Service
One morning the Infirmary Project was surrounded by angry local bird taxi drivers protesting the Colony’s illegal ‘spiritual practice’ of running unregistered taxi service for large numbers of foreign birds visiting the Colony. This was considered by local birds as economical terrorism. It hindered them from earning a decent living. All Project Birds were proudly elevated as the equally corrupt Fantasia Bird’s Police rushed to protect the Infirmary property. White Eagle was known to have a close relationship with the Red Pecks Birds’ Party and the Ralaa State Police. Similar vibrations attract each other. Is it not so? Woodpecker was confused: 
“What I am doing here?” he thought. “My father, if he were alive now, would curse me for mixing with this kind of Birds.”
Visit of Condor Lady 
There were only a few weeks left to the Infirmary’s Inauguration. All were excited. Birds who supervised work increased their time spent on meditation in front of the Birds’ TV. The General in Charge – De Peacock disappeared, to avoid disturbances, in the vastness of the Birds’ State Ralaa. Unexpectedly, the Project was visited by a Lady Condor – Tired Heron – in former days a personal attendant to White Eagle and who  later became very restless, alienated and stayed mostly in a secret room located in Colony nests tower. Seeing Woodpecker in clothes warmed up by four years of his work and two North of Fantasia Tours asked the Generals to provide him two sets of new clothes. This was done but Woodpecker understood that he, as a bird foreigner, did not deserve what was given to local birds each and every two months. Biting comments on how costly was his involvement, never ended. All suffered emotionally as the humiliating order was given by the Lady Condor who was also a foreigner and openly supported Woodpecker!
New Arrivals
White Eagle sent his proven disciples to the Birds’ Colony Infirmary. They, in most cases, had no qualifications so the Administrative Director – Bald Turkey had no trouble assigning them professional tasks. The most advanced was Semi – Condor Lady Bird – Bulling Finch. Director – Bald Turkey had no doubt that she should be in charge of the operating theaters. She immediately arranged a nest for herself in the anesthesia drugs storeroom, as it was air-conditioned. White Eagle’s room in the Colony Headquarters also had A/C, so eager to imitate her Guru, she settled there. After spending her first few days meditating on her greatness she left in a hurry to the Colony Headquarters as she could not bear to be away when the ‘Guru Mood’ program was on. She was a leading voice in the chirping chorus of Bird Songs. Conscious of the inconvenience of her absence to the Infirmary staff she left the drug store door keys in the door lock. Human nurses, having no respect for the Colony property, stole over 400 grams of hard drugs. Doctors ‘rang emergency bell’. Directors panicked. Woodpecker was called to investigate. He found drugs carefully stored in a plastic waterproof bag in the human ladies' toilet flushing cistern. The lock was changed, as the possibility of making duplicate keys was high. Administrative Director – Bald Turkey, afraid to take disciplinary action by himself towards such a saintly White Eagles’ favorite disciple, for the first time in four years asked Woodpecker for advice. Woodpecker told him that the only possibility was to give her an official discharge letter and to send her back to the Colony Headquarters to practice more tweeting. Director and Woodpecker composed this document together. After she returned, Lady Bird Semi-Condor – Bulling Finch found her VIP nest locked and her belongings lying in the operating theater's passage. Director’s secretary – Pail Pigeon delivered, trembling, the discharge letter to Semi- Condor – Bulling Finch before lunch as good news is better to read on an empty stomach. Who knows who told this advanced Semi-Condor that Woodpecker was involved in writing her this letter of ‘appreciation’? After reading it she immediately called Woodpecker asking for an explanation on what it was all about, as she could not understand how Director – Bald Turkey could write such things to Her Holy Greatness, when he is only a Bird Novice. Woodpecker, being heartless, advised her to pack her possessions and go as soon as possible on a birds’ bus to the Colony Headquarters. 
Semi-Condor only snorted in disgust of Woodpecker’s stupidity and went to the Hospital Computer Room to Xerox this document for all Doctors and Heads of the Infirmity Departments. All the important Infirmary employees got the letter by dinner. Understanding her unquestionable greatness, no one supported her complaint. After a week she realized that there was no return for her to the air-conditioned Drug Storeroom and now she would not be even permitted in this Infirmary to clean the marble floors. 
White Eagle, in appreciation of Semi-Condor – Bulling Finch’s performance, assigned her a Colony Branch in a very Very Big Birds’ City, North of Fantasia. Just in time the position of the Bird In Charge was vacated as the Condor, who had many years there, got nested with Branch bookkeeper human lady called by friendly devotees – Gracious Gus, and, to prevent another unwanted pregnancy, was called back to the Colony. Semi-Condor, Lady Bird – Bulling Finch, in her new post, immediately got the support of wealthy White Eagle devotees and very often visited the Colony by the birds’ airplanes, to tweet Bird Songs on ‘Guru Mood’ programs. Very soon she became famous for bullying wealthy branch neighbors who refused to donate money to Colony  and even organized a violent rally. On occasions Birds Police were called.   
Birds will always remember this festive event because one day, after Her Holiness' promotion, the always-accurate Birds’ TV channel CCLLXX reported that a friendly asteroid was whisking over the biggest town in Predator Eagle Country – Old Ork. The TV presenter said that it only missed the target by ‘five minutes’. This was close, we must admit – if any bird understood what he meant, but no one-bird ever told others by how many light-years the margin of minimal intelligence missed understanding the most advanced inmates of the Birds’ Colony, who as a rule stayed there too long, a point made by God Sun Himself by setting for a night, and each night, beyond a Herring Sea horizon.
White Eagle started sending to the infirmary Western lady birds called friendly madama (Fon. Malayalam: white lady).This was, in most cases, a punishment for  sexually ‘destroying’ Guru’s useful male-inmates of Colony who,  were considered not guilty even though they initiated the spicy encounters; because they were males, they were permitted to continue their working ‘sadhana’. Woodpecker  assigned them suitable jobs and on a few occasions protected them from local male renunciates from Colony working there who were persistently attempting, following the example of, successful in this sport, male Condors, to exercise  gender superiority (common in Rala) and provoke sexual encounters.
Another Lady Bird from the Colony deserving record was the Bird Furry- Seal. She, in no time, successfully ‘hypnotized’ Infirmary Medical Director – Fat Seal and started to share with him the bedroom attached to his Corporate Office. No one doubted that they practiced, for mutual spiritual growth, only magnetizing rubbing pecks. She was so certain of her influential position that she bragged in self-importance:
“We, with Dr. Fat Seal will decide this; we will do this and so on.” White Eagle was informed, by an annoyed, for no reason, Medical Director wife-hen, who was living with their chicks in the Birds’ Colony Headquarters. The Bird-Furry Seal was kicked out of the Corporate Bedroom and assigned work in the Infirmary Pharmacy. Her access to the Medical Director – Dr. Fat Seal was restricted. 
There were other examples of the Bird Seekers’ dedication, sincerity and utter humbleness but it would take a full book to report it all. 
Undeserved Pain. 
Two days later an excruciating pain in his back woke up the General Bird – De Peacock at midnight. He could not even change his position. Obviously this was not result of karma, as he was totally protected by the godly powers of White Eagle. No Bird knew what it was and, to make it clear, Woodpecker never cursed any bird. Not knowing what could help him, he just moaned in agony. One of his adjutants suggested getting from Woodpecker a foreign adjustable bed. It was two o’clock a.m. A delegation was sent. Woodpecker, warned by the Lady Bird in Charge of Canteen – Hungry Vulture that De Peacock’s army was planning to fix him up, opened his nest door holding in his wing a very good and sharp sword made by him from a birds’ bus suspension. Realizing that this was not an attempt to attack him but a request for help from his sick Brother Bird, Woodpecker chose the best available bed and even helped to carry it to De Peacocks’ nest. 
De Peacock, being spiritually on a higher than Himalayas level, did not say anything when he spotted Woodpecker carrying like a Worker Bird, a bed for him.  
Warning.
Once when Woodpecker visited the Colony, Astrologer – Bird Wise Owl, who lived there, on seeing him stopped and announced: 
“Be careful Woodpecker with Big Vehicles! Be very, very, very… careful!
 Woodpecker only smiled. This reminded him that he was living on an official extension to his body life, as according to earlier comments of this Bird Astrologer’s own statement, he was supposed to die thirty years ago, falling from the cliff. But now busy serving White Eagle; he soon forgot all of it.
Night Trip to the Birds’ School.
There was no more space in the Infirmary for storing the medical supplies that were frequently arriving from other Birds’ Country. Woodpecker got permission to store the most fragile stuff in two unused, at this stage, classrooms in one of the Birds’ Colony School for young Birds. It was located very close, only a hundred kilometers away. The cost of fuel was not a problem, as generous donations were continuously pouring in from many birds’ countries. Six working Birds from A-Cheeta Bird Seva Kendra volunteered, without being paid any extra for this night work, to deliver to Woodpecker’s storage in Birds’ School a load of goods, which just arrived from the Aggressive Predator Eagles Country. They were given, by approval of General – De Peacock, a lorry from the Project fleet. The unloading went fine, like it was done by a well - trained Special Forces army platoon. The team of A-Cheeta Bird Seva Kendra Working Birds was already trained by Woodpecker to perform the task as disciplined professionals. The night was cold. On the way back all of them were squished in the lorry cabin and dozing. Woodpecker was sitting on the passenger side, protecting his sleeping bird workers from falling out. This Ralaa Birds’ State type of vehicle, as a rule to guarantee its passengers safety, has no doors. Woodpecker was also tired as for many months, being busy day and night, he had hardly had any sleep. He was repeating his mantra and passively gazing on the road visible in the lorry lights. It was drizzling. One hundred meters, in front of their vehicle, a small mini lorry capsized, spreading the fish it was carrying on the tarred road. Woodpecker’s team driver, who had been working without rest for the last two days and three nights and now was speeding back home to get some rest, pressed the brake hard, very hard, much too hard. The road started to dance in the lorry’s windscreen, and then the lorry turned sideways, hit the road's elevated side and rolled over. Woodpecker was ejected like from a Middle Ages catapult. Not expecting this kind of turn he was, after long meditation, calm and only impartially witnessing what was happening to his body. Flying high, like a satellite, he saw a big spanner for undoing lorry wheel nuts, a jack and plastic bucket on the same trajectory as him. He contemplated the beauty of the stars visible on a night sky, when his face was up. The thought crossed his mind: 
“It is really a strange way I am ending my visit to this beautiful Fantasia.” And another thought:
“No! There must be a reason that I am living on an extension to my predestined life!  I must have a life mission! I can’t be killed stupidly like this!”
He hit the road on the painted traffic line – head down. Pain! He saw the lights of all the galaxies of The Universe, even quasars and supernovas a trillion light years away, rolled a few times and got ‘frozen’. The unbearable pain in his head prevented him from losing consciousness. He noticed two lights fast approaching him. Another vehicle! He rolled to the side of the road and the vehicle passed him very closely. Woodpecker jumped up trying to stand on his legs, lost his balance but managed not to fall. What happen to A-Cheeta Birds’ Seva Kendra Workers – his ‘soldiers’? He ran towards his lorry, which was lying on its side. One boy was crying on the grass, another one squashed under the lorry silent –unconscious. In the cabin the driver, holding the steering wheel was groaning; others were shaken but not seriously harmed.  Woodpecker stopped a passing humans’ lorry and with the help of its crew and his unharmed workers relieved the man from under the lorry. His leg was squashed but seemed to be unbroken as he landed in a soft spot. They loaded all the injured on the other lorry and went to the humans’ hospital where there was an orthopedic department. The workers were admitted. Woodpecker asked a doctor when they will have surgery and, finding out it would be very soon, turned towards the doors. Doctor stopped him: 
“Can you look at yourself in a mirror?” he asked, passing him a mirror the size of a book. Woodpecker could not recognize himself: his feathers were glued by his own blood, his face and clothes were all bloody and… two big, big black eyes looking from the middle of this mess with utter surprise. He was also admitted. They called the Infirmary Project. Bird – Servitude Penguin, dedicated adjutant of General – De Peacock, arrived immediately, after three hours, with two mobile phones in his wings, one a bird’s satellite, the other a normal cellular. He fervently declared:
“Nothing to worry about. All is under our control. We the Generals, we, we, we... will take care of everything.” and disappeared into the darkness of night, possibly, being a bird renunciate, went to see his concubine Bird Lady – Nursing Penguin as the time was very favorable for exchanging tweets.
Morning shock. None of the workers had been operated on because the Birds’ Colony Infirmary Project did not deliver a payment in advance. Woodpecker dressed himself in his bloodstained clothes and without a formal discharge left the hospital, caught an human auto rickshaw and went, suspended on his wings, as the rattle of the rickshaw caused severe pain in his head, to the Infirmary Project Office. He went straight to the Finance Department, demanded sufficient money for surgery without asking questions - threatening to publish in the Country Birds’ paper the next day all about the integrity of this Birds’ Colony and its Infirmary Project with names and mobile numbers of all quoted. The money was delivered in ten minutes. Bird Fat Deep – Deep Duck understood that in this situation Woodpecker was not joking as he normally did. On the way back to the hospital he met Bird – Servitude Penguin. He was bathing in the sun on a bench under the window of the General’s Office. Woodpecker brushed away his questions and ignoring his genuine interest in finding out what was going on, walked towards the auto rickshaw awaiting him. The operation was performed successfully. All survived. After four days the injured workers were sent to the Infirmary Project. Administrative Director – Bald Turkey refused to admit them because the beds were needed for birds – paying patients. It was already commonly known that this was not a free facility and even its charitable status was very questionable as most of the discount treatments were given to VIP Birds supporting the Birds’ Colony and the original declaration of building a free facility for all the needy and sick was stated only, during inauguration, to generate more donations. Director suggested putting the injured Bird Workers in A-Cheeta Seva Kendra in the empty coconut leaves cabin, which was behind the construction workers’ latrine. Woodpecker, always acting independently, opened on his workshop floor an unauthorized Orthopedic Department. Supported by the Birds’ Infirmary staff, he arranged doctors to visit his patients, nurses to attend them, and food to be delivered on wheeled trays. Medicine was also provided on Woodpecker’s orders and the unauthorized cost of the Birds’ Infirmary. 
Bald Turkey
The Corporate Office was disturbed but kept silent until one day Woodpecker met in the Infirmary Atrium Administrative Director Bird – Bald Turkey. Seeing a relaxed and sadly still very alive Woodpecker, he started boiling with anger. His neck and face got red, as usually does in the turkeys’ community when some male is agitated. Bald Turkey asked who authorized him to take money from the Finance Department for the injured low caste birds. Woodpecker replied that he had no intention to discuss this. He said that if Bald Turkey did not understand moral responsibility towards workers by now he could, if he liked, pass his grievances and complaints on to White Eagle and only He can talk to Woodpecker. 
The case is closed and you can drink this ‘cup of tea’ by yourself. Charity starts at home – that is all. Is THIS anyway a charity – you all are after? Money? Forget birds $$$ and Fantasia Rupees! You all think only in monetary terms! You can take as much as you like from my personal punia account!” said Woodpecker ending the encounter and feeling no mercy!
A Letter
One evening Woodpecker was in a bad mood. His ‘cup’ was overflowing with unexpectedly negative feelings. All served White Eagle in such a dedicated way and still not everything was going well. He decided to pour his frustration out on the Infirmary Directors and started to type a letter. It was the longest letter he had ever fashioned. In this letter he expressed his disappointment, irritation and dissatisfaction with the way the Infirmary was managed, the way his boys / chicks Birds’ A-Cheeta Seva Kendra were treated, about the lack of integrity in the Directors and many other birds from the Birds’ Colony. In the morning Woodpecker delivered copies of his letter to both Corporate Offices telling their respected secretaries that it is confidential, above Top Secret and only for Bald Turkey and Dr. Fat Seal wings. 
Late afternoon the Administrative Director – Bald Turkey came to his workshop. He looked like a duck, maltreated by the Pointer Dogs of the inhuman humans’ hunting party in the swamps. Director announced that Woodpecker’s letter was copied and distributed to all Heads of Departments, Doctors and senior Nurses and now he has no option but to resign. Woodpecker told him in reply that it was a nice gesture of his and the Medical Director Dr. Fat Seals’ secretaries to show them both such great respect and appreciation. He commented that when it comes to resigning from his elevated position he is in the wrong place, talking to the wrong bird and that instead of wasting time here should go immediately to White Eagle, who will lovingly comfort him after so painful an interaction with him and perhaps give him praise for always having the stamina to maintain the right attitude.
Surprisingly White Eagle, after the assisting- bird read him Woodpecker’s letter,  asked Bald Turkey to point out what was not true in the letter. Bald Turkey said nothing. Suddenly he lost his turkey voice. So White Eagle sent him back to the Infirmary – to further boost his already well inflated, bird’s ego and to continue making mistakes and alienating a few human doctors.
A ‘Designer’.
White Eagle sent to Infirmary a lady bird from Predator Eagle country, Parrot S-Ha. She wanted to be, at any expense, substantially involved and to rise in status as coordinator, advisor and designer. Being aware that false friends are easily made with gifts, she bought for General Bird – De Peacock something suitable, something matching his level of intelligence – a kaleidoscope. It was as equally suitable a gift as a Teddy Bear would be in human society for a general in charge of thermonuclear warheads. General in Charge of Infirmary Project was stunned and startled into supporting her; hoping that she will never tell others what she, in privacy of her birds mind, think about him. Other Generals were treated by her with cheap chocolate bars – most desirable snacks by all birds renunciates. As a result of establishing this friendly relationship, Parrot S-Ha was allowed to order custom-made, designed by her, most ugly window curtains. She also managed to make some equally clever recommendations in the process to alienate Woodpecker, who was in favor of more tasteful and non-authoritarian decisions.  
Parrot S-Ha, from time to time, got upset because White Eagle was forgetful in praising her enough in public. So she poured her bleeding birdly heart out on paper, writing letters to her Guru Bird. To generate energy of sympathy, the letter was distributed to each and all Birds Colony inmates. But this was of no use as no one understood what her problem was and no-one felt sympathy for her enormously swollen ego. 
Inauguration
The Inauguration of the Birds’ Colony Infirmary started. Many Bird Politicians and Scholars came. Even the Bird Prime Minister granted his presence and to demonstrate his erudition skills, read from a piece of scrap paper his address and quoted many ‘deserved’ by White Eagle praises. An electronic gate was erected to check if any friendly visitors were armed or carried a knife. White Eagle and the visiting Bird Politicians were commonly so loved that anything was possible. Woodpecker tested the usefulness of this high tech device. He passed the gate two times in a one - hour interval with a huge bunch of ferric keys attached to his belt. The device, in appreciation of his dedication to The Truth, stayed silent. He understood that even Birds’ Police are working at the top of their capacity. He decided to try, from this moment on, to work even better. He thought: 
“Maybe I should skip my night rest all together and maybe one day I will reach such perfection?” 
On the Infirmary roofs and in its buildings’ windows facing the opening ceremony were positioned Bird’s Snipers. Woodpecker, himself an army bird in the reserves, approached Police Bird staying close to the window of his fourth floor workshop. Bird Sniper allowed him to even inspect his quite ancient rifle. Imagine Woodpecker’s surprise when he found that the rifle magazine and even the barrel were empty! Not even one piece of ammunition! Bird Sniper comforted him saying that Bad Birds are afraid of the Birds’ Police presence and that is why there is no need for ammunition. Why take a risk of killing an innocent duck or a pigeon? Rifles sticking from many windows will suffice to prevent any serious mischief. Woodpecker left Bird Sniper, as he was called through the Birds’ Infirmary Intercom to help Bird in Charge of Police security team who had lost his glasses and was relatively blind. Woodpecker was happy to help him. He just received a few boxes of foreign glasses of varied strengths suitable to any bird. 
After completing his duty Bird Sniper left Woodpecker’s workshop collecting, as an unforgettable souvenir, Woodpecker’s foreign alarm clock. The Inauguration of the Infirmary proved to be a huge success. 
Generals, to express their deep appreciation for Woodpecker’s contribution to White Eagle’s biggest until now Project, decided to leave him out of the souvenir printed for this great occasion. Woodpecker was deeply touched – such unearned and undeserved honor…so much love and such respect…despite the fact that he was not even a local bird…From now on he never even existed in the history of this institution! He wished the same would happen with his past KGB records in the Cold Snow and Vast Nothingness Country of ‘Freedom’. After a while he understood the wisdom of the Generals, hiding behind this seemingly at first glance trivial act. They, probably guided by the all-knowing White Eagle, wanted to help Woodpecker lose his feeling of individuality, as separateness from others, which was a pure illusion.
Visit of a friend from Old Cold Country.
A few weeks after the inauguration, a Bird seeker from Woodpecker’s old country came to visit. He had been corresponding with Woodpecker by Pigeon Mail for a few years and wanted to meet him and this Guru Bird – White Eagle, and also see what Woodpecker was doing there. In his native cold country problems were always discussed only after getting drunk, as by this common platform, understanding was achieved and logical compromises successfully negotiated. Being supportive and intuitive, the visitor guessed that Woodpecker must have some problems and so need his help. After thinking and evaluating all possible options he decided that proven, traditional approach would be the best. So he brought him a suitable gift: half a liter bottle of Old Cold Country drunkards' delight; rye vodka called ‘Wyborowa’ (Pol.: ‘Superb’). Woodpecker was stunned. He thought: 
‘What in Birds Heaven  will I do with this poison? No bird in Colony drinks this spirited liquid - may be some advanced senior Condors do, as one Bird Raven says, but I am not aware if this is true. Most possibly not. But… I should respect   donor who, with a good heart brought this from the other end of Bird’s World.’ So he stored his gift on the bottom of a metal trunk with his humble personal possessions. He remembered some-bird saying that everything happens not without a reason. So who knows when this will be needed?
Wearing human clothes.
One of Birds Colony old timers was Condor Vaita, who was in charge of maintaining Birds currency flow and cooking the books. Being very devoted to White Eagle, he decided to strictly follow His guru's example. His accommodation was very close to White Eagle nest and he felt for years strange, disturbing vibrations radiating at night from this sanctuary. Probably it was all  nothing  other than a projection of his lustful mind. Gradually the desire for closer encounters of third kind aroused in him. He could not control himself. Self help was not satisfying. The best solution was to choose some Lady Bird from the team in his department. One of Semi-Condors looked a suitable candidate and even signaled her readiness by a particular giggly chirp. Their romantic nights were interrupted by mutual agreement. After some time Condor Vaita decided to approach Guru Bird and ask his permission to give up Condor-hood and settle in his own nest with his darling Semi-Condor. White Eagle was furious. 
‘This is not the way Birds sannyasis should behave!’ He shouted. All understood. He was not yet beyond good and bad, purity and dirt just dressed as Condor. Semi-Condor was speedily fetched and White Eagle asked her what her idea for the future was. But, to the surprise of Condor Vaita, Semi-Condor firmly declared that she had no intentions of giving up her yellow feathers and did not want to live with Condor Vaita in a private nest and, God Sun … have with him naughty chicks. She said that this romance was only to reinforce her surrender to White Eagle and check if renunciation is what she really wants. She said that she wants, after sometime, to become a Condor herself.
Condor Vaita was sent to a branch Colony where sympathetic Condor Flu-Flu sacrificed for him the worst, hot - like an oven for baking broilers - room on the top floor of his branch building. Infirmary Directors were instructed to provide Condor Vaita with food. Administrative Director – Bald Turkey, being basically a moral bird, was fed up with Condor Vaita’s conduct and asked Woodpecker to take charge of this unpleasant task. Woodpecker was also upset because, in the past, had thought that Condor Vaita was advanced on birds’ spiritual path and as such trusted him and even admired him. This provided for him an opportunity to treat Condor Vaita mercilessly. He told him,  when he demanded something special like for example chapaties, that now he is not in a position to demand anything, and the minimum of rice, not chapaties is all that is needed to survive and will be given when time permitted. Woodpecker visited him a few times and assessed where things of his interest were stored and what access from outside was available.  An idea was sprouting in his mind.
After a few weeks Condor Vaita dressed himself (revolting!!!) in a human peasants’ white clothes and, taking (as the only security from Colony’s ‘love’) his birds’ laptop  computer with all Colony financial history  of twenty years, left for a Big Town to find urgently  another bird lady to settle with in his so desirable personal nest.
Three Nights 
Woodpecker was tired. The last three nights he had had no sleep at all. The first night he was busy with his A-Cheeta Birds’ Seva Kendra ‘soldiers’ unloading a container with medical consumables and equipment that had just arrived from Predator Eagle Country. Most of these items had an expiration date that had passed at least a couple of years ago. He appreciated cleverness hidden in the generosity of foreign hospitals, as disposing of this stuff locally would cost a fortune. The Foreign Team of the Birds’ Colony was enthusiastically collecting this waste and sending it to White Eagle country – Fantasia. It had definite superiority over the new stuff as proven without the smallest doubt the local birds’ power of faith in White Eagle’s power of protection and their immune systems. Local birds believed that the foreign consumables used for their operations would guarantee a remarkable recovery. The placebo effect was proved valid! It also served well the spiritual principle of Birds’ Colony leadership: “Business above all.” If this was practiced in a foreign country, all involved would end up in the Federal Birds’ Prison, and here in Fantasia even the Birds’ Government officials were praising them for cleverness, and dedicated service to the bird’s community. Such high morals! It is no wonder that so many foreign Bird Seekers joined this Birds’ Colony. But Administrative Director – Bald Turkey, on the other wing, when he needed heart surgery he went to his country, as taking a risk as the locals did was too hazardous for him – who had total trust in the power of White Eagle.
The second night Woodpecker spent on a secret self-assigned mission. He traveled to Birds’ Colony Headquarters for just a few hours. One foreign Lady Bird – Golden Seagull, who for some time had the duty of wasting her time in the Birds’ Colony Project, ended in serious trouble. She got romantically involved with one local bird seeker – Lustful Crow, who was a novice - renunciate, and he desired to have a sexual experience. Some – bird, being friendly jealous, reported this to White Eagle after the unfortunate lovers were spotted on the Infirmary roof terrace doing standing, what needs to be done to have their own chicks - just to practice a skill, which is most needed for renunciates. White Eagle, always fair, ‘lovingly’ scolded Golden Seagull and concluded: 
“You are not a bird but a bitch! You destroyed my son – chick, who was such a good worker!” Lustful Crow had already escaped from seeing White Eagle's grief to Hilly Forest. But White Eagle’s assessment of this situation was as distant from the truth as His claims that he is an incarnation of God Sun in a bird’s body! White Eagle was very wrong – it was Lusty Crow who was 99% guilty!
Woodpecker witnessed how this strange relationship was developing. Lusty Crow first targeted another foreign Lady Bird. She was typing something on a birds’ computer in the Signs Engraving Office, which was under Woodpecker’s supervision. One evening Lusty Crow tried putting his wings on her knees. Woodpecker chased him away. Soon after, he directed his attention to Golden Seagull. To look more sincere Lusty Crow offered her and Woodpecker classes in local birds language. Classes were conducted in Woodpecker’s workshop. Thanks to his multi-task involvement, Woodpecker attended only one – the first class. Golden Seagull continued, one-on-one with the camouflaged predator – Lusty Crow. One evening Woodpecker met Golden Seagull running down a staircase from the roof terrace. She looked a mess. Despite his limited intelligence he realized that something major had just happened. Golden Seagull, who was sensitive, a quality needed least in this saintly community, developed depression and was entertaining the idea of terminating her birds’ life by tying her wings and plunging to death from one of the many Colony’s residential nest towers. 
Woodpecker invested considerable time in persuading Golden Seagull that Lustful Crow was not worth her sacrifice. Finally she allowed herself to be convinced after White Eagle’s spying birds informed the community that Lustful Crow was having a new and very exciting love affair with another foreign lady - bird in Hilly Forest; this time she was from the Country of Dead Salty Small Sea.
The third night Woodpecker spent writing down, using a goose feather, his current enlightening experiences in Bird Colony and its Infirmary.
On the evening of the fourth night Woodpecker decided that enough was enough and he would sleep, regardless of what might happen, and even switched off his birds phone. But first he decided to go for a walk and do his birds’ mantra. This was his daily routine. Passing the Birds’ Corporate Office he noticed Bird Furry - Seal sneaking again into the Medical Director’s corporate bedroom, which was attached to his office. On the ground floor of tower three he unintentionally disturbed two human nurses passionately kissing each other. They did not hear him coming as he was barefoot despite the dampness and coldness of the Birds’ Colony Infirmary’s marble floors – he had no birds’ money of his own and the Birds’ Colony never bought him even the cheapest footwear. The lesbian nurses ran away giggling - laughing. Woodpecker climbed up the staircase, directing his walk towards the newly built Infirmary Conference Hall. It was a nicely designed amphitheater style hall, fully carpeted. The entrance doors were not closed properly so Woodpecker entered the hall. There were no lights on but because this was a Full Moon night it was not completely dark. He noticed that between seats his spiritual ‘brother’ Tiger Bird and Gourmet Heron were starting the spiritual exercise of the technique that is needed to be mastered to have their own chicks. They had to be very careful. This sacred technique should be followed to the last, smallest detail, like humans do when making wine. Any other way and it may ferment into vinegar. For birds missing the important part of this technique, the risk was much greater. Their chicks could end up being born with mutations, making their mind active, allowing them to choose their life path, make decisions on their own and by doing such mischief as escaping from the guidance of false mentors and corrupted birds politicians – the last thing the Birds’ Society wanted. In such a case and in such circumstances, the guidance of the experienced partner Gourmet Heron was most appreciated. She, in her short birds’ life, had already managed to break the hearts of dozens of innocent birds and seduce considerably more.
Tiger Bird was a renunciate and was recently promoted by the all knowing White Eagle to Semi - Condor – Hood, but in order to mislead others, maintained a white feather. He learned this from his boss, Bird – De Peacock who was also a Semi – Condor and wore a white feather. 
Woodpecker directed his steps towards his nest. He was very tired. Unfortunately, on the third floor around the atrium passage he met Dr. Skinny Rat Bird who was the Infirmary anesthesiologist. Dr. was visibly upset. 
“Can you imagine, Woodpecker” said Dr. Skinny Rat, “Administrative Director - Bald Turkey, after reading on the Birds’ Internet some medical articles, started to teach me how to properly put birds to ‘sleep’ for surgery! I have twenty years of experience and he probably has no more than twenty minutes of reading! I think that he is not even a bird, only a ‘post turtle’!”
“What in birds’ heaven is a ‘post turtle’? I never heard of such a strange term!”
“Sorry! I understand! You never went to Predators Eagle Country. I was there on a birds’ scholarship. I will tell you. When you drive along a country road in the State of Fornia you can sometimes see turtles balanced on the wooden posts of the farmers' fences. They did not go there by themselves and can’t get down with their legs sticking up. The same is true with our dear and ‘arrogantly humble’ Bald Turkey. White Eagle appointed him and he, in his hopelessness, can’t go away, only continue ‘making correctly’ mistake after mistake, enlarging his throngs of ‘friends’. You see, even after your scolding and humiliating letter he is still here. He has no freedom of making choices as you have. He is a turtle on the post and you are a Free Bird!”
Condor’s Recording Studio.
When Infirmary was under construction one Condor called Bird Flu-Flu organized, in one of the unused sections, a recording studio. He made many videos on White Eagle Fantasia and foreign tours. Now he wanted to arrange all of them in presentable Birds Colony propaganda DVD’s. To take care of the Studio cleaning, keys was given to renunciate Bird Como-Resh, a computer wizard and supposed expert. This opportunity came like a gift from Birds Heaven, providing an excellent place for his night rendezvous with one lady renunciate Bird P-ma. They were delighted as exercising rubbing pecks (probably being good ‘spiritual’ students actually much more). It was urgently needed for their mutual spiritual benefit. 
Time passed fast. One day Administrative Director – Bald Turkey called Woodpecker to his office and asked him to arrange a medical department of Birds Urology in the location occupied by Condor Bird Flu-Flu.  Woodpecker, without delay, approached Condor Flu-Flu and requested him politely to move his stuff somewhere else. The request was met with silence and, as a human ancient saying goes: ‘Silence means agreement.’ A day later Woodpecker notice that everything in Condor’s Studio was as it had been for many months – no action had been taken. So he again approached Condor Flu-Flu and requested, very firmly this time,  that he move his stuff somewhere else or next morning he would come with his team of A-Cheeta Birds’ Seva Kendra ‘soldiers’ and dump it all on a mat in front of Infirmary. Condor Flu-Flu exploded: 
‘Do you know Woodpecker with whom you speak?’ He asked agitatedly. ‘This is me, a Condor, who is supposed to give you orders.’
‘Yes, I do. I am speaking with a fat bird dressed as a Condor.’ replied Woodpecker adding: ‘I am not joking! Move out now ‘Condor’ or I will move you out myself with my workers!!!’ Condor moved out because he realized there was no point in dealing with such stupid birds as Woodpecker.
A few months passed. Woodpecker visited Birds Colony Headquarters. Being very disciplined, he ventured into the restricted area for Condors only. First Condor he met was his favorite - Condor Flu-Flu. Woodpecker, always trying to find hidden truth, approached him and asked: ‘Can I ask Your Excellency a question? I am having difficulty in understanding some simple things!’’ Condor Flu-Flu looked ‘friendly’’  toward stupid Woodpecker who, after a few years of ‘spiritual’ training under guidance of Guru Bird White Eagle, can’t understand that there is nothing to understand and quacked: ‘Tell!’. 
Woodpecker came closer; the way Japanese birds demonstrate friendliness, by entering the privacy zone of others and asked: ‘Dear Condor Flu-Flu. Do you know, in your greatness, why I, a bird, a bird spiritual seeker, a beginner below any countable level, joined Birds Colony? I wanted to learn Birds Spirituality! Please tell me NOW what kind of spiritual insight can I get by observing your actions and contemplating your attitudes? What can I learn from you, who are my senior in the Colony? Tell me NOW!’ Condor Flu-Flu face got as red as a turkey when angry and in no time he was gone, leaving the answer to Woodpecker to formulate. Woodpecker already knew from a few wise old birds that sometimes no answer is the best answer, but still was confused.
A Dream.
Finally Woodpecker reached his roof. There he meditated for a while on the Infirmity’s drinking water tank, but disturbed by the noise of rats bathing in it, decided to go to his nest bed. A tired body and over stimulated mind allowed him to enter deep sleep immediately. He, despite chronic tiredness, had frequent, full spectrum ‘Technicolor’ type vibrant dreams. This night he dreamed about the Heavenly Gate Keeper - Bird Cockerel who was processing new arrivals. First came the famous painter Bird No -Salved - Dale. Bird Cockerel could not believe that it was really him. He looked so ordinary! In the Birds’ ‘Records Book’ he was marked black for associating with brainless human art connoisseurs. But the famous bird artist showed him his Birds’ Heaven voucher with the God Sun hologram and signature on it, so he had the right to be here at the gate. Bird Cockerel asked for a second proof. Bird No - Salved - Dale in no time sketched in the sand a picture of a bird, whose body was a composition of birds’ car parts. Bird Cockerel was delighted. He never in his life saw such an ugly thing. 
“It must be you. Please come in,” he exclaimed. 
Next was the famous and widely known in Ralaa State of Fantasia, locally born close to the Birds’ Colony Headquarters coconut leaves hut, the mathematician called Bird Bigg -Bang - F - rt. Bird Cockerel asked him to prove his identity! Author of the theory of No-Relativity-In- Birds-Life immediately wrote his famous equation:
E = O (P+B)3000 000
E = Energy of Birds’ Lives
O = P + B
O = Birds’ and Humans’ efforts to live in peace
B = Birds’ Colony ‘Raven Sheet’ propaganda that there is peace.
Bird Cockerel admitted him immediately, with great enthusiasm. Now Bird Yellow Parrot, also called Hungry Vulture, moved forward from behind a flock of starved to death Infirmary human nurses who were on Staff Cantina, which was supervised by Yellow Parrot, ‘delicious’ and no - nourishing food. Bird Cockerel asked Her Holiness with great respect, as she was a Semi – Condor, how she could prove who she is. 
“I must be sure that you are not a usurper. Anyone can dress themselves in yellow feathers. With Bird No - Salved - Dale and Bird Bigg - Bang - F - rt it was easy, but you…. How you can prove your identity?” 
“O God Sun! Who in Birds’ Heaven are Bird No - Salved - Dale and this Bird Big - Big - F - rt? I have no clue!” Bird Cockerel sighed in relief. 
“Thanks God Sun for helping me in this difficult case! It is you……Dear Sister! Come in! You are most welcome! We need such intelligent birds here.”
A pack of bad dogs passed by the Birds' Heaven Gate. They were mad and infested with rabies. Many were serving as dogs after a life as Generals from the Birds’ Colony Infirmary. All present including the Birds’ Heaven Gate Keeper - Bird Cockerel - moved with fear to the side. After this dreadful party passed they noticed in the distance, bent like a question mark, a bird carrying on its back a huge ‘Samsonite’ hard  suitcase. After arriving at the gate, the bird threw his load on the ground, which caused a minor earthquake, and said:
“I am the Mahatma Bird, the Guru Bird, and a Bird Avatar. My name is White Eagle. Open the gate, Gate Keeper! Hurry! I am very tired! All my life I was into charity! I have collected three hundred twenty three kilos of 22K golden metal eggs, not counting what I passed on to my family. It MUST be more than enough to purchase an entry ticket to Birds Heaven! Let me go in!”
“Sorry White Eagle.” said Cockerel. “We here do not sell tickets for cash or golden metal. Only automatic transactions are permitted – a direct debit from birds’ personal punia accounts.”  
“I do not know anything about direct debits. All my life I was using only cash. I never trusted banks. Cash hand to hand, I mean wing to wing, is the best, or gold metal as barter! This way there is no evidence of money flow. Everything has its price! Do you agree? Every bird collects in his lifespan this metal! Tell me now how much is a ticket? I can easily get the balance from my sister if I am short. Our ‘charity’ is still on so she can easily catch up.”
“White Eagle, this bird’s greed for golden metal is only a test of God Sun. He does not care about riches as he owns everything that exists. Birds have a free will and can value material possessions or choose to help other birds to go through life's challenges and earn units on their punia accounts. Bad deeds reduce cumulated points. If a bird has on his punia account only one unit, he is admitted as Bird Yellow Parrot for example was after he warned Woodpecker that Bird – De Peacock wanted to fix him up. Was your charity a real charity or a scheme to ‘milk’ poor and naïve birds and gain fame? Were there some shortcuts and false claims? Why, in your Infirmary, are nurses on strike? Tell me the truth, tell me NOW! 
“White Eagle, there was launched by Pail Heron a very serious accusation that you were secretly living a life in contrary to your teachings. This is gravely serious. I have no other choice but to set an Independent Inquiry Team of Angels, Demons and a few human ladies, as when demons can’t manage to find the truth, usually ladies are sent. The Truth will be found and all involved rewarded accordingly. You must wait.” White Eagle got confused.
 “Who are you to question me? Did I not say more than a thousand times that I am the incarnation of God Sun an Avatar Bird?”
 “You wasted your life, White Eagle, on collecting prizes and rewards, addressing United Birds Colonies General Assembly, enjoying undeserved recognition and respect, accumulating wealth and lying to birds who trusted you and believed that you knew past and future.   You are saying you are pure, do not menstruate, do not have sex! Are Pail Heron's accusations baseless and only the results of her deluded perception? This must be checked. If her claims are fabricated she will be sorry for eternity, very sorry. Have you, all your life, pretended that you are whom you were not? If this would be true that you know everything, then why did you perform a puja to a photo of Sai-Bird-Magician and delighted in massaging penises of boys-chicks from his ‘charity’ school? Wasn't it an open declaration of approval of his conduct and declaration of team work? I was getting frequent reports. Do you think that this is not on our Heavenly records? All the details of your choices are known. I have personally seen a DVD with a video of this puja brought to me by ‘your dear daughter’ Brni Nita-Su, whom you sent to her family when dying of cancer to avoid expenses. Do not have any doubt – we in Bird’s Heaven know everything. 
“You violated ancient bird’s tradition by selling initiation into birds’ meditation, which was not even your own technique. Never has any Bird Guru, I mean real Guru, charged for initiation. You used White Eagle dolls to enslave unexpected chicks by using occult powers like voodoo. You supported United Birds Colony's evil agenda of New Birds World Order. A real Guru bird is interested only in the spiritual growth of his disciples not politics and money. Are you proud of the spiritual development of Condor S’ Maya , of  Condor Viata, Condor Flu-Flu and a fat, old Condor from a Colony Branch in a very, Very Big Birds’ City, North of Fantasia who got nested with Branch bookkeeper human lady called by friendly devotees – Gracious Gus? How have they all ended up? It is a shame! You were spreading fear of a nuclear Armageddon by making false predictions. Fear is used only by those who serve the Dark Forces to control the population. Have you been serving the Light? Did you empower your disciples? No, you were making them crippled and dependent on your non-existing protection and fake love. Humans’ Corporation Monsanto is now trying to patent the seeds of all vegetables. If possible you would patent love, your version of ‘love’ which pays so well!  We understand that your dharshans have comforted multitudes. We are aware that many get their problems resolved. But this was the result of their beliefs not your, supposed to be divine, powers. Over two thousand years back a Bird Prophet used to say: ‘Go and sin no more. Your faith healed you.’ and paralyzed sinners were walking again. That's why we are confused and need to investigate further. We will have to check who you really are. Some experts in enhanced interrogation techniques, from Predator Eagle Country, are already employed by us in all Hell's departments. I suspect that you are a wolf-alien that hides in birds’ feather clothing. Who knows? I am also confused but there is a guarantee; we will find it out soon! Long ago we had such a difficult case. A Bald Crested Pilchard stated, what Major Chadwick reported in his book, that the German tyrant Hitler was possibly a great sage who came to this world to help those who had accumulated very bad karma to exhaust it. Investigations were conducted for a few years but at this moment the result is classified because the situation is repeating itself.  It is a well known pattern of history that it always tends to be repeated in an ascending spiral.
“Go Go NOW! Go to Bird’s Purgatory! After the investigations are completed we will assess where you should stay permanently.”
The clouds moved away. In a blue - blue sky a real red condor, such as is born once in a million years, appeared. Riding on it was no other bird but the very Bird - Tired Heron herself. She had, just then, passed away lovingly killed for spilling beans of White Eagle corruption, false climes and her ‘guru’ sexual activities with senior Birds Colony Condors. Bird Cockerel took out his book again. 
“I have serious doubt! My records say that you are supposed to be a Condor, at least dressed as such, but here at Birds’ Heaven Gate you present yourself in blue jeans and black cardigan.” Bird Tired Heron started to sob,
“Respected Bird Cockerel, it is really meeee………! Trust meeee………pleees! I published a book about the hidden truth about White Eagle and His closest disciples. Is it not proof that I am so good that I can be admitted to Birds Heaven?” 
“It is not so simple. How can I trust you? Anyone can write a book. Anyone can invent dirty revelations to bring attention on oneself. You cry now: POOR ME. You allowed yourself to be dressed in sannyasa feathers to mislead other birds! Was ever your mind of a sannyasa type, have you kept you words, promises, have you been loving, supportive and friendly? I would ask Woodpecker if you kept a promise not to disclose to ANYBODY that you two maintained communications, but he is asleep right now and I have no right, nor the guts, to disturb him. OK I will try my best. Tell me, please, how many years have you spent in the Birds’ Colony?”  
“One hundred and thirty five Bird years Sir,” replied Bird Tired Heron, starting to tremble. Bird Cockerel started to muse. After a long time he said: 
“Well, well, well. Please tell me now frankly, why did you stay in the Colony you considered as your real home, for so long and later claim that White Eagle was pecking, abusing and kicking you from almost the very beginning of your stay and Condor Big Cock using you as he liked? Are you a masochist? Did you not peck, abuse physically and verbally any of your spiritual sisters? Why didn’t you in all these years ever tell any bird that White Eagle spent nights with Big Cock despite the fact that it was in violation of His own declaration of purity and chastity? Is it the truth or your invention? Why do you now, after so many years, claim that Big Cock raped you? Why did you keep it a secret for so long and even say that you did not understand that it was wrong? Any lady bird knows if she is having sex by choice and consent or is being raped. Are all your statements honest and correspond to the truth? I have some doubts! How can any bird trust you when you do not keep promises of privacy? If this is true what you say about Big Cock than why did you agree to be a second time initiated into Bird’s sannyasa by him – already after running away from the Colony? For what? You should refuse even to chirp with him and lodge a complaint to Bird’s Police. It looks as if you are delusional and do not have any clear direction or have some screws loose. Was this in the program of spirituality as you understood it? Do not play stupid now as this is beyond the norm of highest bird’s stupidity and does not relieve you from responsibility for your choices. Are you ready to meet face-to-face the Chicks-Girls who were under your ‘care’; Chicks-Girls who trusted you and respected you on credit? You say in your book that you were a big sister to them, and loved and cared for them so much. Really? Have you loved anyone in your life? Do you know what love is? In the Colony you were cold, aloof, fanatical, sadistic, power hungry and bitchy-bossy. We have here a big flock of Chicks-Girls ! Your tongue was often sharp and rude - not even close to the voice of a compassionate, loving Bird Sannyasin.  You enjoyed humiliating children/chicks. Do you know how many birds cried after receiving from you kicks, spits, punches, curses and very bad words? Is it not true that you threw an iron at one of your closest associates? I can call her right now to testify. You later complained that love was not given to you.  Did you project love to expect love in return?  
“Shall I call now a few hundred Colony inmates to testify how betrayed and mistreated they feel?” They were all deserving knowing the truth but you have chosen to hide it. The silences of cosmic space became even more silent except from the nearby doors to Birds’ Hell from where could be heard festive shouts of anticipation from birds – devils and cheerful music. Bird Tired Heron almost freaked. She replied even more trembling: 
“Respected Sir, Holy Bird Cockerel, during those early years I, I, I… considered myself happy and the colony as my real home, I mean a Hellish Heaven, and…if, if…” 
“Well, well, well. It must be you! You considered yourself to be happy then claimed that you were abused and raped? You call it a Hellish Heaven but felt happy! Didn’t you? So clever! So a Hell must be your real home! I have no objections! You are on your way and are most welcome!
“You, Pail and Tired Heron, say that you were told to include the miracles performed by White Eagle in your speeches during your Birds Colony times, where you were supposedly present when they happened, to confirm that they were true.  But now you say in this nice book, Hellish Heaven, that you cannot be sure one way or the other about all of them. What does that mean? After joining the Birds’ Colony, as one of the first White Eagle Western birds’ followers, after being there for so long, you didn’t even bother to validate if the miracles described in White Eagle’s books, in His biography and others books, really took place. You are so trusting or…so stupid! Unbelievable! My guess is that the second option is correct! Raven Shit! You were not after truth but power at any cost. You would accept anything to be in an exalted position and loved by others because of the deep wound inflicted on you by lack of love during your chick-hood. White Eagle's abuse, if any, was not severe enough to break your fanatical discipleship hypnotic trance. 
“You, a daughter of decent birds, were plainly untruthful and lying like a common human politician. We, in Bird’s Heaven, are aware that you finally realized, at least partly, that your attitude maintained for so many years was from a point of birds’ spirituality entirely wrong. This is well documented in your book and we appreciate your selected honesty. For this you will have some fringe benefits. First is going to be the healing of your injured psyche which you need urgently. Other benefits will be specified later, after consultation with  Lucifer. 
“When you play in a team you should first learn the rules. Did you know and understand the rules of birds’ sannyasa system? How can a bird like White Eagle initiate any bird into sannyasa? He has no traditional authority. His declarations do not give Him any rights. The Ancient Birds’ Sannyasa Orders and rules were set by Bird Adi Kara-Shan and never changed. Period! You, in the context of this ancient order system, were never a Condor, only dressed as one - like in a theater or rather circus. This kind of ‘initiation’’ has no value. Even ‘faking guru’ Bird Anda-Mukt and his preferred lover and successor ‘Swamini’ Sananda-Chit were calling on birds’ province Mahaleshvar to initiate their ‘Condors’. Was a Mahaleshvar who  initiated you. Did we all missed this? 
“When I last visited Woodpecker’s nest in Hilly Forest I asked how he assessed you. He replied straight away that Pail Heron is not a person he would like to follow or imitate. He told me also a very illustrative story about a lady bird from Birds’ Canaryland. Many years back she met in Fantasia a Bird Big Old Cock who was dressed in Condors feathers. He was promising all birds seekers who chose to follow him attainment of bird’s self-realization. Lady bird was impressed and without thinking joined him. Bird Old Big Cock requested to be invited to Canaryland. She arranged this. After a few years local birds started complaining that he was only interested in birds’ dollars and golden metal. Local taxation authorities started to investigate his affairs, so Bird Big Old Cock decided to return back to Fantasia. Lady bird being a faithful disciple followed him. Bird Big Old Cock initiated her into birds’ sannyasa - Condorhood. They ended in Hilly Forest as it is considered a good place for a ‘spiritual business’, and decided to build a Charitable Eye Hospital, as all birds  understood that charity in birds’ world is very profitable. Building was erected, using her funds, on  land purchased by ‘Her Holiness’. Woodpecker, who knows nothing, for no reason, told them that they will not succeed in starting the hospital because they skipped a puja to God Sun. Neither bird, nor even human doctors agreed to work for them. One sunny morning the wife of Old Big Cock arrived bringing their three chicks.  Canarylandian ‘sannyasini’ was beaten for sharing bedroom with saintly Big Bird Cock who his wife Fat Hen disliked for no obvious reason. Canarylandian sanniasini was sent away and told that, on spiritual paths, it is bad to have material attachments so renouncing her property it is just for her own good. Old Big Cock sold the building to retired bird Big Policeman. A few years later Woodpecker met her. She looked terrible, sick and full of anger. He did not recognize her at first, although she was still wearing Condors’ uniform. After a short chat he asked politely:
‘Who you are?’
Lady bird dressed as a ‘Condor’ answered angry and annoyed:
“Can’t you see? I AM A CONDOR! I, I, I…I AM Swamini P….a! I heard that you are living with this low cast bird Fairy Bluebird who is nothing, not even good enough to be my servant. I can’t chirp with such a worldly and stupid bird like you. You are color blind!” Dressed as Condor lady bird limped away in disgust. 
“There you go! So, not only you, Tired Heron – double ‘initiated’, believe that any bird ‘properly’ dressed can initiate other birds into Condorhood. Never in birds' history was there such a time of shortage of stupid birds!
“On what basis could you call Colony Infirmary a bird’s world-class hospital? This is a statement straight from White Eagle’s propaganda brochures! Woodpecker submitted to me a detailed report of the Infirmary with many shocking photographs.
“A stone from humans’ Earth can learn to dance Flamenco or Bolero in one hundred and thirty five years and you could not get it that it was a Big Fake! Have you ever done a reality check? Do not whitewash yourself now! You had ambitions and cared less about the dirty truth surrounding you for so many years. You were actually a traitor! Those girls and boys (including Woodpecker) dedicated their life, money and work to a bird who was not always honest and truthful and you collaborated with all this by maintaining secrecy for long years. Birds and people often try to make themselves feel special by being part of a cult in which belief is maintained that its leader is a Divine being.
“My dear Tired Heron, we have sympathy for you and feel sorry that you suffered emotionally so much. We know that you have serious psychological problems but there are cosmic laws which can’t be eroded so we honor your choices, as all birds have Free Will. But….birds’ choices bear consequences. Everything you have done or…failed to do when the time was right must bear consequences! There is no exception! Humans call this karma. You admitted in your book that you have chosen complicity with White Eagle’s conspiracy, covering up His misconduct,  delivering many times to White Eagle the family birds’ $$$ and Fantasia Rupees and ‘tons’ of golden metal ornaments, knowing that it was donated for a ‘supposed to be organized’ charity. You are karmically responsible for everything you claim as truth. You betrayed the trust of your Chicks Girls and also other Birds’ Colony birds – inmates who considered you as one of the most advanced birds on the birds’ spiritual path but you did not even have a beginner's level of spiritual understanding. Instead, working on starving your own arrogant ego, you concentrated on consolidating power and were lobbying a few to have a team of dedicated supporters.  Now go in, but only for one week, just to tweet a bit with Bird Yellow Parrot who matches your level of intelligence and to see what you missed.  After this I will transfer you for a time of investigation to Birds’ Purgatory and there you will be given healing treatment. If the investigations prove that your revelations are based not on facts but on your inventions you will be sent to Bird’s Hell which is even better organized than your Birds Colony Holy Hell where you will be happy for eternity being professionally abused. We have there a skillful team of abusers. Hallelujah! Go now, go, and do not waste time again, it is only one week – not one hundred and thirty five years!”
Woodpecker woke up exhausted. Such a strange dream! Was it a vision of the future? What was the message he should get from it? Strange words of Bird Cockerel were very disturbing.
“I'd better start to check deeply what is really going on in this Birds Colony.” thought a disturbed Woodpecker.

The next day Woodpecker went to Tiger Bird’s office to arrange for a car for the trip to the Birds’ Colony. There the atmosphere was heavy and sad, like in a birds’ graveyard. Tiger Bird was sitting behind his foreign desk and his legs were stretched Predator Eagles businessman style over his documents aesthetically spread all over the desk. His concubine Bird – Gourmet Heron, was curled up on a metal chair in the corner of the office – crying. Woodpecker, feeling compassion asked: 
“Why you crying Sister Heron? Are you pregnant? If so, I must say, it was a very swift shot.” Only silence confirmed the happy news. Tiger Bird and Gourmet Heron looked at Woodpecker like only a little duck, sitting on eggs in her nest in a swamp can look at the hunter who suddenly shows up with his double-barreled gun, pointed straight at the head of the going to be duck-mother.
Ambush
Two weeks after those memorable events Woodpecker was sleeping soundly in his nest. He was, as usual, very tired. At one o’clock his birds’ phone rang. On the line was Fat Bulling Raven who was in charge of the Infirmary Security Department. 
“Your deputy Bird of low class – Alli has been arrested for intoxication while illegally on Infirmary territory at night. You fly here immediately! We will also fix you up!”
Woodpecker dressed himself up, inserted behind his belt a toy sent him as a gift from Predator Eagle Country, which humans use to persuade their point of view – just in case some bird desired to hear loud sounds, and flew to the elevator, like a speedy swallow. When he reached the ground floor, Woodpecker rushed towards the Infirmary Back Entrance, where his deputy was standing under the guard of seven security hawks. He was not drunk! Woodpecker learned from a bit shaken Alli that Fat Bulling Raven broke the doors to his Department workshop where a few of his A-Cheeta Seva Kendra workers were sleeping to save money on commuting. They had Woodpecker’s permission to stay there overnight. His workshop was not even a part of Infirmary. It was still an unfinished part of the Project. Woodpecker called Medical Director – Dr. Fat Seal Bird. He arrived, despite the late hour, in no time, as he was handily close by on a beak rubbing conference with Lady Bird Seeker – Furry Seal. He assessed Bird Alli as completely sober and confirmed that the workers staying in Woodpecker’s workshop were permitted, as he is in charge. Woodpecker commanded the Security Forces to move back and escorted Bird Alli to his workshop. Director returned to his cute Lady Bird Furry Seal.  
The next morning Medical Director - Dr. Fat Seal Bird called very early by birds’ phone during Woodpecker’s morning bath. He communicated that last night the Infirmary Security Stuff dragged Bird Alli again from his workshop and took him to Causality to take a blood sample for a laboratory blood test. The test proved a huge amount of alcohol in his blood. Now the sample is lost and the test can’t be repeated. He said that he couldn’t understand this, so to close this case suggested discharging Bird Alli from duty for inappropriate conduct, drunkenness and resisting arrest – just to avoid a bad confrontation with the General Bird – De Peacock, whose dedicated fan was security in charge Fat Bulling Raven. Woodpecker asked him if he wanted his name and his partner in rubbing beaks to be in the Birds’ State Newspaper - with or without a photograph. There was no reply. Surprised, Woodpecker dropped the phone, dried his feathers with a towel and after dressing in a birds’ karate uniform went straight to the Infirmary Birds’ Resources Department. There he went straight to its Department Head and interrupted him without knocking on the door. Old, gentle Bird Broiler sitting behind the empty desk was known for being proud of his faded greatness, servile attitude and lack of spiritual stamina and integrity. He was one of the best ever appointees in this so spiritually ‘bended’ community. 
He almost choked to death, disturbed in his sadhana of eating snacks of fried worms and rice balls. Woodpecker announced firmly that Bird Alli will continue working on his team, that Director Dr. Fat Seal Bird was a witness of his sobriety and innocence and is willing, w i t h o u t    e x t e r n a l    p r e s s u r e, to confirm this. Woodpecker made clear the point that if he, Bird Broiler, made the smallest attempt of disciplinary action, he, Woodpecker would arrange that this incident be published on first page of the local and foreign newspapers with the names of all involved, with him  - Bird Broiler as the first culprit. This will obviously result in a substantial reduction of generous until now donations to this chit-chat-charity and…as such will guarantee the highest reward from White Eagle. Woodpecker, not waiting for a reply, slammed the door behind him so powerfully that a piece of cement plaster fell on the carpeted floor of Bird Broiler’s office.
Bird Alli stayed on Woodpecker’s team until the last day of his involvement. Afterwards he went to Muslim Birds’ Country to earn some real birds money.
Fat Bulling Raven left his Security Department position when his son, Bird - Servitude Penguin ‘cooked his goose’ by getting too close to his concubine Bird - Nursing Penguin or maybe he was removed by White Eagle for being too dedicated in serving the General – De Peacocks’ agendas. Who knows? – No bird can guess! 
Testing ‘all knowing’ White Eagle
Woodpecker had done many jobs in his life. He was in Birds Army, worked as a bird scientist at the Birds University, but mostly he was dedicated to wood which was in need of repairs. But other jobs left some bend to his mind, a habit to act certain way. As a bird scientist he learned to investigate every claim of other birds scientists and when a problem is finally assessed, to draw one's own conclusions. This attitude he adopted as useful for all his life. Now Woodpecker decided to test White Eagle's ‘all knowingness’, all members of Birds Colony claimed He possessed.  Woodpecker had just returned from his Old Cold Country where, for three months he had taken care of his mum Bird Crow Ja-Nina. She was very ill and tried to die before her time. Woodpecker decided to visit Birds Colony Headquarters, just to show he was back.  When he was there he met all his friends, smiled nicely to all enemies and… In Birds Temple met, head on, White Eagle who, surrounded by a flock of lady birds – Colony inmates, was going to inspect Birds Kitchen where, as Birds Spies reported, cooked rice grain was over salted. White Eagle looked at him very pleased, thinking,
‘Such a hard working bird and he returns freely, despite a fantastic opportunity to run away. Good! Very Good!’ White Eagle, trying to sound cosmopolitan, asked Woodpecker in his second language, 
‘How was it in Big Ostrich Country? How is your mum now?’ Woodpecker froze from the terror of sudden realization. 
‘White Eagle, I was not in Big Ostrich Country, but in my Old Cold Country where my mum Bird Crow Ja-Nina still lives!’ White Eagle looked at Woodpecker in a ‘loving’ way, trying unsuccessfully to execute him with a killing look and started to loudly chirp Birds Spiritual song. Others followed, because they were good followers.
But White Eagle's ex-scientist instinct got alerted and activated.  Woodpecker decided to make a few more tests. He knew that birds’ renunciates were not supposed to be close friends with any birds of opposite sex. For this White Eagle had already punished many. So he immediately selected two Lady Birds’ renunciates who were always favorably disposed towards him. Both were exited. One immediately tried to bring poor Woodpecker, under the excuse of searching for something in White Eagle's World Tour suitcases, to a secure room under White Eagle's nest. Luckily inside, hidden in a corner, was one of White Eagle's fanatical disciples, Bird White Sanskrit-Vulture, reading a bird’s book.  This saved his feathers and skin. Woodpecker realized that, this time, he was too close to a major disaster. As Lady Bird was high up in Colony hierarchy, and the energy between them was irresistibly powerful, he decided immediately to back up.  This bird was too risky for conducting his test.
Another bird targeted for a test was a Lady Bird working at the already functioning Infirmary. She was called Bird – Spoiled Pigeon and had been sent there for misconduct with one local renunciate. In no time they arranged a secure location for an exercise of rubbing pecks. This lasted for a few weeks and Woodpecker didn't complain – it was highly pleasurable as she was not a novice. Lady Bird – Spoiled Pigeon was sharing a nest with another Bird Blue-Magpie who was not yet renunciate, only on a waiting list to become one. And strange things happen. One evening Blue-Magpie said something which Bird – Spoiled Pigeon took as an open declaration of sympathy towards Woodpecker. This was going too far!  No-one ever will know exactly what was said as the only witness was a sincere lizard. With his high integrity, he was confidential and respected all animals' and birds' inborn right to privacy and said nothing. As a result of this exchange Spoiled Pigeon poured on her a bucket of cold soapy water. A terrible thing to do for no-duck bird! This spontaneous act sealed between them a ‘deep friendship’, which lasted for years, and preserved [for the time being] Bird renunciate Spoiled Pigeon claim to exclusive rights to access Woodpecker peck.
 But…Woodpecker was not born yesterday, and he knew how such exercises can evolve. He was simply afraid that it might develop into something which could take away his freedom.  In fact, Woodpecker disliked spoiled and neurotic birds, and was not interested in Bird – Spoiled Pigeon, so he decided to back up. Lady Bird – Spoiled Pigeon rewarded him for this brave decision by splashing a full mug of coffee, imported by her mother from Predator Eagles Country, straight on his white feathers and all over his office room and his bird’s computer. Woodpecker, being a warrior from a birth, appreciated her temper and, to take a break from such demonstrations of commitment and attachment, went to Colony Headquarters. There he wanted to test White Eagle, who at this time  had in Infirmary limited number of Birds Spies, so it was unlikely he  would know something second wing. Guru Bird had no clue what he was doing in at night and advised him to continue what he was doing in Infirmary.
This, plus disturbing, unthinkable reports from his insiders-informers, was  enough to draw scientific,  long reaching conclusions and take justified logical actions. He decided to stop being involved in Colony affairs and start his life anew.
So… Woodpecker knowing that anyone who left Colony was accused of unimaginable sins, decided to provide for himself some hard core security. He also knew that the more corrupted birds are the more they fear truth about their camouflaged affairs. Without too much thought he arranged copies on DVD’s and CD’s of all Infirmary financial data, and other selected data from Infirmary Project account; full data was never recorded to help probably someone to hide mischief. Being trained in Birds Army in basic skills of gathering intelligence, he managed to secretly copy all files stored on the hard drive of ex-Condor Vaita’s laptop  and a few CD’s he found in his room. This was a great asset, covering Colony finances from the very beginning, including data deleted on White Eagle's request when Rala Revenue tried to audit Colony. This guaranteed him permanent security. To avoid interception of this trove, four copies were sent to four different legal firms; two in Fantasia, one in Big Ostrich Country and one in his Old Cold Country. The DVD’s and CD’s were endorsed with an instruction that if anything happened to him all information should be given to Fantasia Central Government Corruption Commission, all available investigative journalists; local and international and Birds Interpol, in all countries where Colony had branches, authorities and obviously press, equally mainstream and independent. 
After a year, Woodpecker, having earned birds money, paid in advance all four legal contractors and gave instructions on how to check on his wellbeing.
Happy End 
In this uplifting atmosphere and so peculiar situation many birds would give up. To give up is the easiest thing any Bird can do, but to continue when most of the other birds are against us is real strength. The price of sanity in Birds’ Society is precisely set on the level of distancing oneself from it and accepting the unfriendliness and even hostility. Woodpecker was after Integrity, Freedom and Strength from the beginning of his life. When he was a Teenage Bird his father, Bird Stah, who knew nothing about birds’ spirituality or even God Sun, told him: 
“If ever a situation forces you to choose between losing your life or compromising your integrity, choose losing life. This is the first rule in our Birds’ Family code of ethics. Choose, my son-chick, your action based on values and never on the possibility of personal gain. We are from an ancient birds’ cast of Warriors For The Truth. Never, ever forget this, my dear chick!” 
Woodpecker, believed that the strongest birds on the planet are not necessarily the biggest ones, but those who stand alone the most. So he stayed there three more years to test himself. 
White Eagle never asked Woodpecker any questions or gave any spiritual instructions, as he was obviously not ready for any serious Birds’ sadhana and all he could do was work, work, work…And those earlier mentioned incidents? They were simply parts of an illusion called by the birds Maha Maya. After two months, the blood from the lorry accident in Woodpecker’s brain was self-absorbed, without any treatment, and he was again ready for a new battle. 
What about Bird Astrologer – Wise Owl? Was he a genius in his occult trade? How did he know? Was there any conference between the Birds, the Generals, De Peacock, the Condors and White Eagle to discuss Woodpecker’s fate? Was any action decided and approved by the supposed to be incarnation of God Sun, to get rid of Woodpecker for not making any spiritual progress and only disturbing the profitable corruption? A brilliant idea come to Woodpecker's mind. Now rye vodka ‘Wyborowa’ can be put to suitable use. 
Bribed by Woodpecker’s liquid gift, the Birds’ Police Inspector told him, with assurance of truth that they found unusual mechanical damage in the lorry brakes that caused it to skid! The Birds’ mechanics from Bird Bu-Ba-Bu Birds’ Colony Infirmary Project car workshop serviced this vehicle just before Woodpecker got it for a trip. Was it unbelievable negligence or had someone requested to terminate Woodpecker’s plainly too generous life extension?
In the Colony a few mysterious deaths had already happened and a few visitors, even females, were severely beaten with a cane in underground rooms for asking ‘improper’ questions and the suspect for ordering this cruel treatment was Pail Pigeon. Woodpecker was probably also on someone’s ‘hit list’ as, due to his utter ignorance, had already caused enough damage to the White Eagle Family’s ‘spiritual’ business. He started asking arrogant and completely insincere questions about where the money comes from for White Eagle Father – Fat Kingfisher to build a commercial building on the other side of the back-swamps, just opposite to Birds’ Colony Headquarters and open there a shop selling ornaments made from gold metal, from where Father took money to buy a few kilos of this revolting metal to stock his shop? How much gold metal must one bird accumulate to be admitted after death to Birds’ Brahma-Locka Heaven? Woodpecker also openly inquired as to why the Infirmary Project construction crews built nearby for White Eagle’s brother Bird - Morning Rash a monumental mansion-nest using materials and Project labor when claiming that there is not enough money to decently pay his A-Cheeta Birds’ Seva Kendra Working Birds. The Local Birds started to make comments, so White Eagle Himself, when visiting this Project for the first time, vigorously denied this as an untruth and the mansion, sadly for His entire Family, was converted into composite nests for Female Bird Seekers, members of the Bird Colony working on the Infirmary Project. 
First Honest Confession
During those happy times White Eagle finally made up His mind; after first saying that Mahatma Bird – White Eagle is like a transoceanic cruiser taking millions of Birds through the Ocean of Transmigration, that after a few years only a handful will successfully reach the Ultimate Goal, then suddenly announced that in fact no one can get Birds-Self-Realization because everyone wants too much and… He, White Eagle Himself is not there. Only Woodpecker’s foreign umbrella, which suddenly left him in search of The Only Bird Truth after serving selflessly one of the supposed-to-be birds ‘saints’ working in the Birds’ Colony Engineering College for three years, returned to his owner, fully realizing to whom it belongs. 
Acquisitions
Shortly after, the General in Charge powerful Bird – De Peacock purchased, using Project funds, a nearby property and built there for himself the Corrupted Birds’ Colony Headquarters.  His energy on those premises so powerfully matched the energy of the big rats that they felt at home freely damaging all the birds’ clothes. Bird – De Peacock, feeling hopeless for the first time in his life, demanded Woodpecker’s bird assistant to provide a foreign metal locker for his clothes. Woodpecker, trying to be helpful, asked what kind of king rats were there – two or four legs? Bird Assistant could not understand that in both cases different metal lockers were needed. At the end, no locker was given, as the Corrupted Birds’ Estate was not on Woodpecker’s list of facilities belonging to the Birds’ Colony Infirmary. 
General in Charge powerful and arrogant Bird – De Peacock, firmly convinced of his unquestionable status and freedom to use at his discretion money donated from many countries to the Birds’ Colony ‘charity’ with the firm belief that it would be used to elevate the ill suffering from unhappy birds, offered as a generous gift to his relatives, who were getting married, a substantial quantity of ornaments made by his favorite local birds 22K golden in color metal. But…. White Eagle also had in De Peacock’s team a spy, as He had in each department of his Colony Enterprise - Empire. All birds know that as a rule dishonest birds always suspect dishonesty from every other bird.
General in Charge, Bird – De Peacock was stripped from power and position and kept in the Colony Headquarters as a White Eagle casual driver. 
To celebrate his well-earned White Eagle back-up, General in Charge, Bird - De Peacock, before leaving the Infirmary for good, called all birds involved in the Infirmary Project, obviously with the exception of Woodpecker, for a parting meeting. They were all very proud that their boss deserved recognition and splendid reward in the form of an unexpected promotion. During this final address, the once General in Charge, Bird - De Peacock told all present:
“You Bird Seekers should learn from Woodpecker never to compromise your personal truth, even if the opposition is overwhelming.” Most present birds felt sad as the statement was obviously ridiculous. They started suspecting that their beloved leader, due to exposure to the presence of birds like Woodpecker and related high stress, had become mentally challenged and unstable.
A few days later one of Woodpecker’s ‘spiritual brothers, Bird Refrigerators Mechanic, approached him with probably the first in his life doubt: 
“Woodpecker, dear brother bird, please tell me how to understand the once General in Charge, Bird – De Peacock’s cryptic statement about you?” 
“I am sorry brother bird. I think it is beyond your present capacity to understand anything. It is even more complex than the No-Relativity-Theory-In-Birds Life developed by our most intelligent older brother Chief Engineer White Raven. I also understand your zeal in following the advice of the once in charge General Bird – De Peacock. Maybe there is a solution? Please ask White Eagle for permission to go for a ‘vacation’ to the Big White Snow and Vast Nothingness Country – it may help in your quest for Birds’ Truth.”
Decision of Departure
Every-bird has a catalyst, a breaking point, where he at last says, “Enough is enough” and finally begins to take the proper steps in the right direction. Woodpecker reached this point. A personal awakening is only possible through self-induced personal changes – changes in understanding the origin of so called ‘reality’; the situational and personal insight of everything that is happening in a birds’ life. This in turn influences the bird’s entire point of view on the bird world and consequently his dealings with others. 
It all comes to one point: If a bird is not thinking for himself, then some-other-bird will, but… rarely for his advantage. So we are miserable birds, we are all a generation of brain-washed birds….as all generations before!!!!!  And all generations which will eventually follow. How can we understand anything? The Guru Birds and The Birds’ Politicians will always be in charge if we refuse to wake up, start to think and take care of our lives and our so beautiful Birds’ Planet! 
From this moment, Woodpecker had no real opposition as General in Charge once powerful Bird – De Peacock was gone. He assumed that White Eagle, in His immense compassion approved his careless and ignorant dealings. He realized that he would never match the level of spiritual insights, truthfulness, integrity and dedication needed to serve an entire planet’s Bird’s Population, so stunning in his Brothers and Sisters of the Birds’ Colony with White Eagle as a leading for all example. He felt disappointed with himself, with no visible spiritual progress after so many years in such ‘saintly’ company. He felt worthless, empty and bored so he left the Colony deciding to continue his search for God Sun in the innermost domains of himself. All were happy!
Woodpecker announced his decision to leave the Colony of birds’ of prospective and imagined saints to all and each knowing that this is the safest way, as Bird Seekers are afraid of Truth and also of honest birds, despite the fact that Truth does not care. 
From that moment very few birds were brave enough to chirp with him as every bird understood the very truth that was once expressed by the most intelligent leader of Predator Eagle Country – Bu-Shit-Bird: 
”Which bird is not with us, is with terrorist birds, who are against us!”
Stones
At this time Woodpecker accidentally developed a strong pain in both sides of his lower back. This was probably his body’s reaction to some-bird blessings given to him on his way towards Freedom and Independence. The Colony Infirmary human Doctor diagnosed him as having monumental stones in both of his kidneys, which were blocking his drainage vessels. He assessed the situation as urgent, very dangerous and scheduled Woodpecker for next day surgery. The next day, when Woodpecker went to this Doctor, he found him embarrassed, nervous and confused. Doctor said that in fact, in this rare case, there is no need for any medical intervention and presented Woodpecker, as a personal gift, four very strong painkiller pills, wished him good luck, which he said Woodpecker would need badly, and left in a hurry for the Infirmary Corporate Office meeting.
Soon Woodpecker left for another country, forgetting all about his collection of precious kidney stones. He went to peck exotic wood and enjoy unfamiliar snacks of genetically engineered wood-borers. After returning from this trip to White Eagle country, God Sun sent his way a White Crow - Siddha Sage who, without surgery, dissolved his kidney stones and granted Woodpecker, whom he found deserving, many, many blessings spiritual and material.
Request
After some time, Woodpecker, as a final test of the Birds’ Colony leadership sincerity, requested in writing to White Eagle to give him back his contribution, which as all birds living in the Colony said was used to generate interest, and this was to maintain the physical needs of Colony members. White Eagle replied through one of his Condors, who for no reason felt embarrassed, that “it is not possible Woodpecker because the birds’ money was already invested in Colony ‘charity’ projects, to benefit all birds’ population, and as such cannot be located and given back”. Woodpecker, being a bit intelligent, understood the excuse. Knowing his Bird Brothers well enough, he suspected that, thanks to the carelessness of the Birds in the Colony Finance Department, even his birds-bank-notes serial numbers were probably forgotten and as such cannot be located now! So Woodpecker felt relieved! This was for Woodpecker more than sufficient assurance that his decision to terminate his involvement was correct, although unnecessarily postponed for so long. So he blessed his past and all whom he encountered with pure love and light. 
New Life
Woodpecker moved on with his life. He flew to a few continents and visited many, many countries, pecked trees in need of repair and contemplated on the wisdom he gained in his past and imagined a thrilling future. In the country of Predator Eagle he met a few Birds’ ex-inmates of Colony.  One was the old and Fat Pelican Economist. He just married also fat Goose from the country of intelligent Big Ostriches, who hide their heads in the sand to avoid danger or when any serious problems need to be solved. Woodpecker and Pelican had met before, when Pelican was on assignment to the Birds’ Colony Infirmary, trying to advise how to better cover up the truth about nonexistent charity, when charity was widely advertised to boost generous birds’ donations. This is obviously a joke as no one ever understood why Birds Colony sent him as a financial expert to Infirmary, when all birds knew that the books were cooked. Woodpecker and Fat Pelican Economist exchanged birds’ electronic pigeon mail addresses and each flew towards his destiny. Woodpecker, after collecting a few golden eggs of Divine Ravens, returned to the Birds’ Country of White Eagle – Fantasia and selected a well-branched tree, for himself in a Hilly Forest to spend the rest of his life there. 
It was not too hot and not too cold, food was plentiful so he decided to build a nest for himself. It took him a couple of years but finally he settled. In the same forest dwelt a few other birds, who had also left the Birds’ Colony. Each left for different reasons. Most were dissatisfied with their spiritual progress, some were lazy, and some wanted to find a partner. One Crow, after reading a book on the subject of the stars’ influence on a bird’s life, wanted to imitate Owl – Astrologer. He spent days sitting under the fence of No Guru Bird Colony, which was on a busy and dusty road. Being in a most suitable location he tried to convince birds passing by to listen to his predictions. One day, one passing duck, Mrs. Kva-Qua, asked him about the future of her love affairs. Supposed to be astrologer calculated the stars positions, added her birth date to the birth date of her mother, divided into three to make it more accurate and concluded: 
Next month you will marry a duckling who has a black feather around his neck and will follow you to Singa-Pound. – Mrs. Kva-Qua exploded:
“You dull idiot, go to the dump to eat rotten food the stupid humans throw away! My darling, who had green feathers around his neck and also on his wings, was killed yesterday under a lorry driven by a drunk human.” Saying so she threw a wingful of dirt from the road on poor Crow and limped away, murmuring her ‘blessings’.
Days and weeks were passing and such good fortune never left the supposed to be astrologer. When his weight was reduced to half because of a lack of funds for food grains and being a huge distance from the dump, he went to a cave on a hill where Mad Eagle Guru Bird was living. He was never seen again…
Another bird was a Bird - Lotus Starling. He spent a few years in the Birds’ Colony, living in seclusion in an underground tunnel dug by Honest Rats. Brave and dedicated to ‘fish him out’ Lady Bird – Blackbird was secretly visiting him. Finally they flew to Hilly Forest and built their family nest. The Blackbird family was proud of their clever daughter! Bird Lotus Starling, who was considered  successful in birds’ sadhana in isolation, started to teach the Bird Seekers how to twitter about one and practice the opposite. Multitudes of Perching Birds, dressed in camouflage white, followed him. During his satsangs he gave numerous, enlightening examples from his own life and the life of his former mentor – White Eagle, who was a maestro in this art.
One more ex-Bird Colony Lady Bird ended up in this Hilly Forest, which was full of spiritual birds, vibrations of birds, and sages of ancient lore. It was Bird Magpie. In the Birds’ Colony she was a Semi-Condor, but now to help other birds recognize her advanced stage, changed the color of her feather for white-blue and pretended that she was not a bird, but a human. So she started, instead of flying, to drive a scooter. She was a very private bird – never talking about herself, only asking questions and commenting about the imagined affairs of other birds. No bird knew where her nest was. 
More Tests
Once Woodpecker was in need of help. Being a slow learner he still believed that Birds’ Colony ex-inmate birds stuck together. His neighbor Bird – Old Pigeon told him that occasionally he saw Her Holiness Magpie. Woodpecker asked neighbor Pigeon to pass on to her his birds-cellular phone number and tell her that he would like to chirp with her a bit about an important and urgent matter. Her Holiness was terrified! What did this Woodpecker want? What? Maybe he needs help? She never called, as a lesson of compassion and birth brotherhood was totally assimilated in her heart following the silent teachings given by example of White Eagle – the Guru Bird. Woodpecker was delightfully grateful, having additional proof that he had only wasted precious time in the Birds’ Colony, achieving nothing, not even a feeling of exceptionality or separation from all other life forms with the Birds’ Colony ex-members in particular.
Days passed by, a special day in birds community arrived. It was the Festival of Grain Harvest, a staple food for most birds. Woodpecker decided to visit a hermitage where almost half a century ago lived a Bald Crested Pilchard, a contemporary Bird Sage, the only not corrupted Guru Bird he knew about until now.
Woodpecker and his mate – Lady Fairy Bluebird took on a trip two young chicks that visited them from Big Birds’ Town. Young ones, not trained in walking on stony paths, frequently rested. Somehow in the middle of the way up to Bald Crested Pilchard hermitage they met Her Holiness Magpie. She was limping down, visibly fit and awakened from her ‘blissful bubble’. She passed Woodpecker’s party in silence, waving her wing like birds do when are annoyed by a fly sitting on their beak. She radiated with insecurity, fear and confusion in her eyes. Woodpecker’s mate, who was very intuitive, asked if he knew her and what was wrong with this bird – it was so obvious. All her body language was telling her please – leave me, leave me alone pleeeeeeeeeeeease!
Woodpecker felt her shaken energy very clearly and only felt sorry that after so many years in the Birds’ Colony she couldn’t rise above this raven-shit and be more open, trusting and loving, in tune with the Birds’ the Oneness but continued to be a product of White Eagle’s grooming. Woodpecker requested contact but she ducked, not knowing what he needed. She could simply ask him if he is OK and after finding this out tell him that she preferred not to chirp. How would she feel later, finding out that Woodpecker, for example, urgently needed help, having been wounded by the ‘loving looks’ of humans or, having visited, for spying on, a Hilly Forest Birds Colony condor and… passed away, bleeding his last drop of blood, because no one helped, and she, Her Holiness Magpie, has chosen to avoid him, her ‘brother bird’ from a once shared colony? So, we birds are still not brothers and sisters, even though we aren’t in White Eagle’s bunch any more, but even not in the Totality of Birds’ Existence in the Oneness which we are supposed to experience! A few years back Her Holiness Magpie had broken a wing and one old bird took care of her, wasting time and energy to teach her something in contrary to White Eagle’s style – ‘birds compassion’! What? All birds learn only by endlessly making mistakes as once small Goldfinch instructed!
In the hermitage they meditated, drank sacred water seeping from the rocks of the most sacred mountains in Hilly Forest – Red Hill, and slowly started to descend. The day was ending…God Sun, satisfied by His success in giving a lesson to one of his sons who even learned it, descended, almost touching the hills in the West. In the jungle along with Woodpecker’s party, monkeys were dining on ripe surya param berries.
One night his strange dream from the past about a Gate to Birds’ Heaven was almost perfectly ‘played back’. Woodpecker wanted to find out what was the message encoded in this ‘movie’. So to test the reality of his past insights and find out if any truth was received in his Birds’ Colony life teachings, he started to communicate with a few other ex-Colony Birds’ and luckily with one, believed by many birds to be the most advanced bird – Bird Tired Heron. This one seemed also to be pleased and immediately declared in returned birds’ mail: 
“Dearest Old Bird - Woodpecker, I am so happy to hear from you.  I will not share with anyone that you have written to me [To make it more spicy Woodpecker added a grain of his fantasy: ‘about all chicks you recently seduced and your sin of eating fish’] I respect your privacy [W.: ‘and also do not want to spoil your reputation]!” 
Soon after this Woodpecker decided to send an Electronic Pigeon letter to Fat Pelican-Economist and ask him what was going on in his life. They had not been in touch for a few years. Pelican was delighted with this new opportunity for birds’ gossip and on the spot forwarded Woodpecker’s letter to Tired Heron, who trusted him for no reason. She in turn sent him an immediately reply admitting that she was in communication with Woodpecker:
“Dear Fat Pelican, strictly between you and me – Woodpecker recently started communicating with me in length [And again to make it more spicy Woodpecker added a grain of stupid birds - his style, fantasy: ‘about weather conditions at his location, vegetable and rice grain  prices, the numerous chicks he recently seduced,  (following the example of our Birds Colony male Condors) and the grave sin  of eating fish which he openly, without  shame, admitted. It is sickening and disgusting because he is not a Guru Bird, just a beginner who is supposed to be vegetarian, so I have not shared this with anyone as I am honoring his privacy and do not want to spoil his reputation; though probably I should’.] I only tell you this secret because I know you were buddies and [ W.:I hope] I can trust you.” In fact Pelican, as far as Woodpecker understood unfolding events, should not be completely trusted. In the remote past, being severally disturbed by what he discovered in Infirmary, he violated Woodpecker’s confidence and quoted him saying, during a parting meeting with White Eagle, that Woodpecker knows even more than him, putting poor, overworked and undernourished bird in ‘hot water’. White Eagle called Woodpecker to immediately fly to remote town for interrogations. Woodpecker barely avoided being turned to broth.
In Woodpecker’s memory a saying echoed, so familiar between not so spiritual birds he had heard in the Cold White Snow and Vast Nothingness Country, where he was once on a ‘vacation’: “Hope is a ‘Mother of Stupid Birds’ and ‘The Road to Bird’s Hell’ is paved with good intentions.” Woodpecker also remembered the advanced teachings of White Wise Crow about the most important powerful and common natural law in Birds’ Universe – the ‘Law of Attraction’: “Birds of a feather flock together.” It meant those who are on similar mental and moral levels are attracted to each other - ‘that which is similar unto itself is drawn’. On the basis of this, connection and trust between the two above-mentioned birds was fully understood and justified as it strictly followed the major law of Birds’ Universe. But…thanks to All-What-Exist in Birds’ Universe, it was not the end of this story. 
Tired Heron, being outstandingly clever, but also unstable in her commitments informed Woodpecker about her exchange of information with Fat Pelican Economist, expecting nothing but the highest praise for not following her hastily and imprudently given promise: 
“Hi, Woodpecker. Fat Pelican forwarded me your letter and I told him that we are in communication [And once more - to make it more spicy Woodpecker added a grain of stupid birds - his style, fantasy: ‘mostly about weather conditions at your location’.] I only told him this because I still respect your right to privacy and   know you were buddies.”
Immediately, the memory of a dream about Birds Heaven and Hell came to Woodpeckers’ mind. Woodpecker, being very practical and realistic, immediately developed for Tired Heron a genius business idea. She was now living in a country where Bad Birds from both civilian and country leadership ranks were committing unthinkable crimes. It was a country with the highest percentage of birds and humans population locked up in prisons and… the guiltiest holding decision-making posts. Woodpecker thought that Tired Heron should, without delay, start an “Academy of Honesty and Integrity” with a postgraduate course on “Compassion” and teach by her example all past, present and future criminals to inform law reinforcements authorities in advance or at least immediately after committing a crime about the details of their law transgressions already committed or intended. The impact of this on the country’s economy could exceed the wildest expectations. 
The reality check was completed to full satisfaction – contrast has given him clarity. Woodpecker realized that if Tired Heron wrote such things then it is proof that only the most advanced birds on this dangerous, ‘razor blade edge’ birds spiritual path can, after hundred thirty five years of birds sadhana, reach such a peak of birds’ integrity and realize that despite being continuously pecked by White Eagle, with the intention to wake her up, was in the wrong place, amongst the wrong birds. He understood now his cryptic dream about Birds’ Heaven Gate. He cannot go so far! He is not such a spiritual bird giant, but a humble bird worker! He has no chance to even dream about reaching such a level of intelligence! What is now his choice? Only one: from now on he should simply follow his Inner Bird Self, where God Sun is hiding, blessing others for illumination and…. trust no one bird, except his Fairy Bluebird. 
Now, wanting to clear his past, Woodpecker decided to stop focusing on the nature of the challenge reported above, understanding that any persistent thought is only reinforcing the problem and preventing the power of the Higher Intelligence of God Sun to solve challenges and heal emotional wounds. He knew that many birds would hate him for being different, rebellious and not living up to the Birds’ Colony standards, but deep down all of them wished to have the courage that he had and do what he has done. Deep down in a birds’ soul every bird knows that to be yourself when all birds try to make you whom they think you should be is the highest achievement in a Birds’ Life.
Woodpecker’s Second Dream 
Once Woodpecker went alone to 5***** Cave which is on the Western slopes of Red Hill. It was a resourcefully designed and skillfully improved natural dwelling under gigantic boulders. A German Lady Bird a spiritual recluse once dwelt there after running away from her husband. Woodpecker rested there on the floor after spreading a rice-straw mat, which had been left there, supported against a rock face serving as a back wall. Soon he was in a dream world, visiting a Big Island on a Small Sea, which was the only remnant of the ancient continent Muria and now, for no reason, is believed to belong to Predator Eagle Country. He took his first fly over an active volcano, which was fuming high gases known for their powerful healing powers. Then he went to the beach where a few birds and humans were swimming in radioactive water, which was sent by sea currents from the friendly nation of Pan - Ja where their no-clear re-actors were destroyed by a mysterious ‘one-way’ tsunami as punishment for helping enrich hura-nium for the black listed country – Ran-I. 
Woodpecker did not take a dip, preferring his own radiant energy over artificial radiation. After learning about the wise choices made by some birds and humans on the beach, he went to the island’s biggest town. Woodpecker never visited this island, not even in a dream. So he was extremely interested to see how advanced the local birds were. First what he saw was a friendly local SWEAT hero stumble upon a car driven by Blondie - Lady Bird. SWEAT hero, being bored, stopped the car and pulled it over to the road’s nature strip. Lady Bird asked politely what the matter was. She was not exceeding the speed limit or intoxicated. SWEAT hero shouted back: 
“We will soon find out what is wrong! We never make mistakes!” The Hero saw, lying on the empty seat next to her, a white I – phone and a book ‘Hellish Heaven’, dragged her out, kicked her, threw her on the tarred road and tasered her twenty times, as he realized that there was a possibility that she may commit a crime using her cell-phone while driving. Woodpecker gazed on this in amusement. Such alertness, such high intelligence! He was now convinced that in this country crime is not possible for citizens as even the possibility of it meets the firm reaction of the law reinforcement SWEAT force authorized to execute, by electrocuting, without charges any bird who can possibly be guilty, so only government and military, directed by corporations, can without restraint practice misdemeanors.
But…suddenly he recognized, lying on a road, now unconscious, blond Lady Bird. She was well known to him from his times in the Birds’ Colony training in honesty and integrity, Condor – Tired Heron. He was shocked! How had she ended so low? Was White Eagle’s training for nothing?
Now Woodpecker’s dream scene changed more optimistically. He was hovering over the MAMA emergency relocation camp. Fences were pleasantly decorated with razor blade wires; watchtowers dominating the surroundings had microwave transmitters crowning their roofs, ready to cook rebellious individuals’ brains. From the annex, where the crematorium was handily located, the wind spread the sweet scent of ‘liberated’ birds hurrying to Birds’ Heaven or Hell depending on their loyalty to the Predator Eagle Corporations or serving Birds’ Government. A few anemic chicks were playing, under armed guard, on a swing. Two birds, wearing gray overalls, were escorting Tired Heron to an invigorating water-boarding ‘physiotherapy’ session. She was a first timer so terrified, loudly shouted: 
“I consider this country as my own homeland and all of you Predator Eagles as my real family!” 
“Well, well, well. This is a nice attitude of you - alien. We like it. You did this in the past and later called your real home a Hellish Heaven. Now… because you are a foreign bird we must get from you a confession that you settled here to prepare…. an event, an evil event. Have you not been trained by White Eagle in hiding truth, in covering corruption and misconduct? Do not worry! After our treatment, repeated over two hundred times, even the saintly pigeons confess that they are members of the  sleeping cells of hawks and those who cannot fly small planes confirm that they intended to fly a jumbo jet into Birds Fast Food building.”
Woodpecker woke up on the floor of 5*****Cave and for a long time could not come to his senses. Which ‘reality’ is real? Is he a bird, who was sleeping or is he someone else who was dreaming that he is/was a bird?
Surprise
By now.... (surprise !!!) Woodpecker is back to his country of Cold White Snow and Vast Borderless Nothingness – his beloved Siberia. There are birds living in bigger numbers who sincerely desire to find Birds’ Truth and regain their Forgotten Freedom. He sold his Hilly Forest nest to the retired, over-educated Professor Penguin who wanted to spend the rest of his life in the serenity of a tropical forest, healing his frostbitten wings and legs, eating cockroaches and rice grains and writing one more Unwanted Book. For those who would like to ask Woodpecker for advice or just send him ‘lovingly cursing’ letters, his address is provided below:
Гражданин Мира - Дятел - (Citizen of the World - Woodpecker)
Площадь Победы, Несущесвоватнная Восточная Старона
(Square of Victory, Non-Existing East Side.)
Никоґда Посроён Блок Гнездов Но. 8 / Гнездо Нo. 16
(Never Build Nests Apartments Block No. 8 / Nest No. 16)
Новосибирск(Novosibirsk)  ZIP - 630015
Российская Федерация (Russian Federation)
Woodpecker’s Non-Existing birds e-mail: Гражданин_Мира_Дятел@гнезды.рус.ком
Post Scriptum Note:
The Birds’ Colony inmates and ex-inmates are encouraged to visit Woodpecker on anyone’s except his expense. All are welcome - even ex-Condors dressed in blue jeans!
One of the former GULAG Concentration Camps from the time of the glorious Birds’ Red Empire was converted, on Woodpecker’s request, to a ‘Spiritually Corrupted Birds’ Re-education Camp’. It is seven heavens better than the infamous Predator Eagle Country MAMA ‘relocation’ facilities. 
The Camp purchased two eloquent parrots, which give daily satsangs and live to the standards of their own preaching, encouraging all visitors to imitate them. They always say that spirituality is the science of a very honest life not joining Birds Colonies or wearing colorful clothes. Being themselves full of unconditional love, parrots ‘vaccinate’ by their utterances against others all negativities of the birds’ world, neutralizing even the hardest cult programming.  
Basic food is free:  kanji − curry; Western style, gourmet food is also available and very moderately priced. Accommodation in common nests is free, single nests cost only 1 Bird $/day. Predator Eagle Country fiat currency is not accepted as a means of payment. It can be used only on special permission of the older parrot, for starting a kitchen fire. No donations are accepted and no seva is required from visitors as here there is no Guru trying to be rich.
Do you recognize the sound of Woodpecker’s peck, peck, peck…on the bank of the Ob River? He is still around…and still busy…
(Rus.) До свиданя, будте здаровы Братя Пицы! – See you later, stay healthy Brother Birds!
 
Glossary
Ashram  A Hindu monastery.
Ashramite  An inmate of an ashram.
Avadhut  A wandering sadhu - renunciate in most cases self-realized – liberated.
Bajan  A devotional song.
Chilli  A very hot spice used in Indian cooking.
Guru  A spiritual teacher, often self-realized who leads aspirants of the Truth from  darkness  toward light  – that is, from ignorance to knowledge and wisdom.
Dharshan  Seeing or being in presence of a Saint, Guru or a religious person. Dharshan can be silent and with a speech or teachings.
Kanji   Rice or other grain gruel.
Karma  Result of a person's choices and actions in waking state; physical and mental.
Karma Yoga  Yoga of selfless, conscious work. 
Mahaleshvar  A high post in Hinduism supervising the following of sannyasa orders in a province and authorized to initiate deserving individuals into the sannyasa order. 
Mantra  A word or  formula for repetition as a spiritual practice for the purpose of   controlling  the mind by concentration. Examples: OM, Om Namah Shivaya, So Ham. 
Maya  Illusion of the reality of physical existence.
Maha Maya  Great Illusion.
Kavi  From Sanskrit: color of fire, red bricks – the color of clothes  worn by Hindu sannyasis – Swamis.
Punia  Good merit earned by selfless work,  charity, helping the sick and needy. 
Renunciate  A person who has given up his/her interest in the mundane word and its affairs and dedicated him/herself to an austere life in the spiritual community of an ashram or a monastery.
Sambar  South Indian spicy soup, vegetarian or non-vegeterian (fish sambar, egg plant sambar and so on). 
Sadhana  Spiritual practices; praying, meditating, reciting mantras and doing Karma Yoga – selfless work.
Sadhu   Wandering renunciate who performs sadhana on his own, not being an ashramite.
Samadhi   State of illuminating trance, the grave of a saintly person.
Sannyasa  Membership in one of the ancient Hindu orders of formal/initiated renunciates.
Sannyasin  Member of the Sannyasa Order.
Satsang  Meeting with a saintly person either with a discourse or silent. Being in a holy person's presence.
Seva  Work dedicated to a Guru of inmates or visitors to an ashram.
Sura Param  Sun Berries – growing in Southern India's wilderness.
Swami  A monk of Sannyasa order – a Snnyasin.

