Border War  -  Warning Order
by ‘Black Jack’ Hawkins
Copyright ‘Black Jack’ Hawkins  2014
Smashwrds Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents
Operation Lince Norte ( Northern Lynx) . 
Black Jack Hawkins  -  The Backstory
Go to Panama!
Black Jack’s Arms Room
Connect with Jack Hawkins

Operation Lince Norte ( Northern Lynx ).

Coronel Roberto Valdez and his long time right hand man, Sargento Primero Hector Hernandez, were in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico. They’d been officially tasked with observing, advising and standing by with sixteen highly trained commandos of the GAFE, the Mexican Army’s elite Special Forces, in case they were needed by the local commander during Operation “Lince Norte,” ( Northern Lynx).

Coronel Valdez was a solidly built man of olive complexion in his mid to late forties, he stood tall amongst his peers at five foot ten inches and one hundred ninety pounds. His black hair was cut short with some evidence of greying visible at the temples, over dark brown eyes grew full eye brows that were complimented by a full bush of a mustache on his upper lip. Valdez had been the Commander of 3rd Battalion of the Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales, He was now assigned to the Alto Mando, the ‘High Command’. These were men amongst men, Mexico’s most elite warriors, the Special Forces of the High Command. The GAFE High Command was called upon to complete the most clandestine of the Mexican government’s black operations. 



The Alto Mando detachment had been busy during the three weeks prior to the start of Operation “Lince Norte,” ( Northern Lynx), the objective of which was to target the operations of a criminal cartel, Los Zetas in northeastern Mexico. The men of the Alto Mando would be operating in the shadows of that military operation, which included the deployment of 4,000 regular Army troops.

While at the start of the operation there had been street battles in the town of  Nuevo Laredo, complete with helicopter gunships engaging targets of opportunity, none of Coronel Valdez’s commandos were involved in that combat. Instead the Alto Mando focused their attention on the ‘Command Element’ of Los Zetas in the border region and had targeted Jorge Luis “Pompín” de la Peña Brizuela, the Zetas' Nuevo Laredo gang boss. The Alto Mando had been on the hunt for two weeks before his location was verified, they had worked the streets and developed actionable intel that de la Peña was holed up on a ranchero in the outskirts of Nuevo Laredo.



Hector Hernandez was leading Fire Team Enrique through the breech that they had blown through a locked door of Los Zetas command center. It was a warehouse building on a small ranchero complex, a group of four buildings set about a kilometer from the main road. It was not the first time in his twenty year career in the Mexican military that Hector had personally led an assault, he hoped this would not be the last. Sargento Hernandez stood about five feet eight inches tall, and weighed in at a solid 180 pounds, his strict personal regimen of daily exercise kept his mind Sharp and body battle ready.

Enrique, Hector’s ‘el Segundo’ was on his heels as the Sargento Primera entered the building through the remains of the doorway. Each member of the breeching team had their FN P90 up and in firing position, welded to his shoulder. There were no friendlies in the building, or anywhere to the front, for that matter. Hector was tracking right after making the dynamic entry, Enrique was moving left when he saw movement to his front right, to a casual observer it would have appeared instinctive, but it was his training and muscle memory that kicked in. The barrel of Enrique’s P90 swept towards the spot where a man was coming up off the floor. Enrique put three of the 5.7x28mm high velocity rounds into his head.

The Fabrique Naitonale P90 and the 5.7x28mm round that it fires are two parts of a weapons and munition system specifically designed for NATO, to be utilized in close quarter combat. The high velocity 5.7×28mm projectiles consistently turn base over point upon impact with the target, in simple terms; they start to ‘tumble’ on impact.  The FN P90 is a bullpup designed sub-machine gun that functions as well as it is formed, as modern and intimidating a piece of polymeric plastic and steel as a fellow is ever apt to run into.



Behind Enrique came the rest of the six man breeching team, as they rushed into the room, Hector went to the interior doorway of the room they had just entered and tossed a flash bang grenade down the hallway, which exploded five seconds later, Jose and Pedro, the two newest members of the fire team then moved into the hallway, working their way towards the central area of the warehouse building. In that open area, of about three thousand square feet, there were a dozen of pallets full of marijuana packaged for shipment. Eight cots were set haphazardly by a side door, and near to four of those cots men were gathering themselves, obviously having been awakened by the blast that created the entry breech. Pedro fired first, with two quick three round bursts finding their mark, sending a red mist into the air as the back of the first man’s head burst like a watermelon hit by a truck. Pedro’s second target made a running dive towards an AK-47 assault rifle that was leaning against the wall, about six feet away from the man, a little more than his body length.  He seemed to have good traction and power pushing off, and when a three round burst from the P90 added to his momentum, his body slammed into the wall like so much dead meat. 

Jose had a good sight picture as the two men to his center left were beginning to comprehend their situation, with the taller of the two men was just beginning to reach for the pistol lying on a small table to his right. His hand never came close, as four of the 5.7mm rounds from Jose’s weapon slammed into his chest, their combined kinetic energy blowing him backwards, right off his feet. Jose released the pressure on the trigger as he moved to acquire a sight picture on the second target, that man just stood there as if dumbstruck, until he was struck with three of the high velocity 31 grain bullets center mass, right in his chest, which blasting through his heart killed him outright.

Then, from the top of the stairway, which went up to a small office at the far end of the warehouse space, there came shouts of rage and indignation, accompanied by a half dozen shots from an AK-47. The shooter, “Pompín” de la Peña, was wearing khaki pants and a sleeveless white undershirt, and firing from the hip, the 7.62x39mm rounds from the Soviet era assault rifle impacting high and wide of their intended targets. Sargento Primera Hernandez took steady aim and squeezed the trigger of his P90, dropping the last of the Los Zetas personnel that were infesting the building.



The Los Zetas criminal cartel had originated almost a decade before when a group of Mexico’s most elite soldiers, men who had been assigned to combat the Gulf Cartel had, instead, joined the criminals they’d been sent to eradicate. Their leaders, Arturo Guzmán Decena  and Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, had gathered thirty-two of their comrades, many of whom had been members of the Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales, GAFE, the Mexican Army’s Special Forces. 

The men of the GAFE were to have been utilized as an elite band of Mexican anti-drug commandos, but instead of serving the people of Mexico, the Zetas had gone rogue. Quickly morphing into mercenaries for the infamous Gulf Cartel, bringing a new level of brutality to Mexico’s ever escalating drug wars.


 
 Over a decade of criminal activity the Zetas, reinforced by a combination of street thugs and corrupt federal, state and local police officers, had grown into becoming a well-financed and heavily armed criminal cartel of their own. Their tactics included decapitating their rivals, then hanging their dismembered bodies from bridges and highway over passes, the Zetas had gained the reputation as the most feared criminal gang in Mexico. 
 
The Zetas were not an archetypal drug-smuggling organization. They had managed to diversify their revenue streams. Beyond drug trafficking the Zetas had expanded their range of activities to include piracy, extortion, kidnapping, and migrant smuggling. They had extended their operations to include theft from Pemex oil pipelines and had even begun to levy taxes on other criminal organizations.
 
The official press release said that the Operation “Lince Norte” (Northern Lynx)
“… had the objective of affecting the management, financial operation and logistical structures of criminal groups in the states of San Luis Potosí, Coahuila, Nuevo León and Tamaulipas.” 

 For those who are not familiar with Mexican geography Coahuila, Nuevo León and Tamaulipas all border the state of Texas. 



There had been one other mission undertaken by Hector Hernandez and Enrique Henderson on the first day of Operation “Lince Norte”, together they had gone to the home of Miguel Angel Lopez Velasco, a magazine editor who was following up on the work of Noel Lopez, a reporter that had been murdered that past May. When the two commandos got to the house, Enrique swung the thirty-five pound battering ram, hit the door lock the force of kinetic energy shattering the door frame. Enrique immediately dropping the now dead weight as he pushed through the door way, the door swinging freely on the hinges. 



Hector followed maintaining a two step interval behind his El Segundo as they entered the house and moved quickly to the stairway; Enrique move confidently and bounded up the stairs, taking them two at a time with his FN 5.7 pistol in his right hand. Reaching the second floor he found Miguel Angel Lopez standing in the doorway of his bedroom with a baseball bat in his hands. Angel raised the bat over his head and started running at Enrique, who raising his pistol, fired two rounds into the chest of Migual Angel, which, tumbling through his heart instantly killed him. Entering the man’s bedroom Enrique quickly shot Lopez’s wife, while she was still in bed. Lopez’s fifteen year old son came into the hallway and Hector, who had followed Enrique up the stairs, shot him once in the head.

Migual Angel, had earned his livelyhood writing a regular column in ‘Notiver’, reporting upon stories that often touched on the activities of individuals involved with Mexico's criminal underworld. His interest in telling the world of the criminal activities of the Mexican Drug Cartels had gotten his family killed. It was the last news story he would be involved in.





“Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.” - Robert Louis Stevenson 
 
Anonymous – who art thou. 

I had become interested in the growth of the Anonymous Collective, an amorphous group of internet activists, or pranksters, depending upon the perspective of the reader. They were often allied with the interests of the ‘Occupy’ movement, which in the Spring and Summer of 2011 was making headlines by camping out in city parks in some of the major urban centers of the United States. 

The World Wide Web and the associated digital technologies, blogs, chat rooms, even mass texts through cell phone networks had become tools of social manipulation on an unprecedented level. The ability to channel information and to target messaging was becoming pervasive. The power of it had been recognized in the Islamic Arc, marketed as the ‘Arab Spring’ by the main stream media of the United States. It looked like the beginnings of a long hard Arabian Winter to me, their societies imploding after years of political repression, with the outlook being one of increasing religious oppression.

I received a call from Ricardo Gonzalez; who had gotten my number from Eduardo Casaraz, an old family friend from Merida, Mexico. Ricardo is a security and protection officer who works with ‘Article 19’, an extension of ‘Reporters without Borders’ in Mexico. Ricardo explained to me the problem they were having, in 2010 alone, ten reporters had been murdered, dozens kidnapped and hundreds had been threatened, all instigated by the Drug Cartels.  

Then he told me of Noel López Olguín, a freelance reporter that had been a columnist for the newspaper, La Verdad de Jáltipan . Seems that Noel had been kidnapped on March 8, by persons unknown, what was known, the unidentified men were carrying guns and drove away in two SUVs. It was on May 31 that his body was found in the city of Chinameca, buried in an unmarked grave.



Lopez had been writing regularly for La Verdad de Jáltipan, as well as freelancing for some of the weekly papers in the area, Noticias de Acayucan, El Horizonte, and Noticias de Veracruz. His regular column "Con pluma de plomo" (With a Lead Pen) was focused upon the corruption of local political figures and the drug trade that funded it. He identified the criminals, each individual had their named printed in the paper, a practice not normal in crime reporting in Veracruz. 

Ricardo spoke of Noel Lopez’s family members, who were saying that Noel had been digging into the back story of the Los Zetas Cartel, and thought he was onto something ‘BIG’. So big that even after two corporate executives from La Verdad de Jáltipan had been kidnapped and, over the course of a few hours, been told to limit the inches devoted to Los Zetas. Noel was still going forward with his research, regardless of the risks. Even if La Verdad de Jáltipan would not publish his work, Noel knew that there were other outlets that would. His mother, Ricardo said, went on and on about how Noel thought it was going to be the story of a lifetime. A Mexican ‘Watergate’ he had told her.

Ricardo had Noel’s notes, and expressed the idea that he could follow up on the story that may have cost Noel Lopez his life, but he was not prepared to enter the lion’s cage without a whip and pistol. Was I available, would I be able help him to keep the lions at bay?

From the ranch in Greenback Valley, situated in the Sierra Ancha Mountains of Arizona, to Laredo, Texas is almost an even thousand miles. I had just taken delivery of a ‘new’ used airplane, a 1973 model Cessna Skymaster 337. She was kind of a high miler, but it was the airplane I had always wanted to have. I figured to have her rebuilt over the next year to eighteen months, but even with that she was air worthy as she sat.  So I thought it’d be good time to put a few more hours on those old Continental engines, even if one failed it was a sure bet that the other would get me to the site of the crash.



I told my hired man, Billy Haught, that I’d be gone for a while, a week at least, and that he should run the ranch like it was his own. He already did that, so I wasn’t telling him anything new, or earth shaking. Billy had been out of the Marine Corps for about a year, having been over to Afghanistan a couple of times, he didn’t talk about it much; I didn’t bother to bring it up as a topic of conversation. He could shoot the wings off a fly at one hundred yards; we don’t talk about that much, either, especially since I can’t even see the fly, at one hundred yards any more.

I gave the Cessna a good pre-flight inspection, topped off the fuel tanks and then took off for Laredo, Texas, figured to be about a six hour flight, the Skymaster has a ninety gallon fuel tank, at one thousand miles the city of Laredo, Texas was about at the edge of the Skymaster’s eleven hundred mile non-stop range. I figured to be there before dark. 

The La Quinta Inn, right there at the airport was the best rated hotel in the town; things couldn’t get much easier than that.  I called Ricardo when I landed and arranged to meet him in the morning.



Ricardo met me that next morning right there at the La Quinta, which was convenient for me. He had brought along another man, Jan Keulen, this Keulan fella, he kind of reminded me of a slimmed down version of Santa Claus when I met him, his white hair and beard just took me there. Ricardo looked about as expected, not a large man, about five foot eight, with glasses and dark hair. His beard was trimmed and unlike Jan, he was not wearing a tie.



Both of these fellows worked at protecting reporters, Jan Keulen being the Director of the Doha Centre for Media Freedom (DCMF), which is a non-profit organization working on an  international basis to enhance freedom of the press and improve the quality of journalism. Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, funded the project and as the Sheikh’s representative Mr Keulen had just signed on to help fund Article19’s Mexican operations. The Sheikh had agreed to provide emergency financial assistance to journalists. I did seem some cynical humor in the idea that Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani was promoting freedom of expression, abroad, while at the same time funding a jihad against the Alawites in Syria, and the jihadi in Libya, but I held my tongue.

After introductions were made and we had sat down at the conference table it became obvious why the two men were nervous, they had news from Mexico that was not mentioned on the local morning shows in Laredo.

”Miguel Angel Lopez Velasco, a friend and writer from Veracruz was killed last night, along with his entire family, his wife and son, they were all murdered in their own home! I got the call not more than thirty minutes ago, Jack, it is a terrible thing.” Ricardo informed me.

“Is there any indication why he was targeted or by whom?” I asked, perhaps naively.

“Ahh, he had an interest in the work Noel was doing, he knew Noel and had some insights as to what was happening. It has to be that, nothing else he was doing would merit such a response, nothing he had written lately was exclusive or threatening to the kingpins of the Cartels.”

“Then, Ricardo, what is this story, what is so important that someone would be targeting reporters, killing them, to keep the story from being told?”

“In just a few words, Jack, there are factions in the Mexican government that are behind Los Zetas. It is part of a conspiracy by people high in the government to take control of the drug trade, they created Los Zetas as part of  a false flag operation and will utilize it in an attempt to destabilize the United States, through drugs, crime and terrorism.”

“Is there a name that can be connected to this ‘conspiracy’, Ricardo, is there a string that can be pulled?”

“Well, Jack, there is only one name in Noel’s notes that is out of the ordinary, that man’s name is Coronel Roberto Valdez, of the GAFE, Alto Mando. He works directly for the President, in the Alto Mando and as a member of the President’s personal guard, the GRIP (grupo de reaccion inmediata y potente, G.R.I.P.).

We now that Valdez was at Falcon Lake, after the murder of David Hartley. Valdez was with the current leader of Los Zetas when they both went through the School of the Americas, at Fort Benning. That was back in the 1990’s, before Lazcano had deserted the GAFE. Coronel Valdez seems to be the lynch pin, but there are only rumors, no real evidence. Noel said he had an informant that was willing to speak, anonymously, but now …”

That’s when Jan Keulen spoke up,
“It seems clear that there are powerful political players involved with these crime syndicates, and with the huge financial rewards available to those in the illegal drug business, at a minimum it is easy to understand the dangers of exposing them and their activities.”

“I have brought the files that I got from Noel’s mother,” Ricardo told me, “there is a lot of interesting information there, but nothing that is conclusive, nothing that could be printed with confidence. To tell you the truth, Jack, I am hesitant to move forward on this myself, the stakes are just too high, and I am no longer a reporter. I just feel awful about the whole thing, we should do something, but what? I do not wish, no desire, to commit suicide.” 

Which accurately vocalized, I thought, the obvious lack of motivation on Ricardo’s part to move forward with the story. The initial murder of Noel López and now, with the assassination of Velasco and his family just the night before, it had taken all the wind out of his sails.

“Let me tell you what, Ricardo, I will be here in Laredo for the next couple of days, leave me the file, let me familiarize myself with the information and we will see what there is to see. If there is some way to tie the data points together, to connect the dots, maybe I’ll see it.”

So that ended my meeting with the ‘Press Protection’ services of the Sheikh  of Araby, Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani. I was left with couple of spiral notebooks, dozens of loose sheets of paper and a flash drive, all of which I took to my room. I decided to spend the rest of the day there at the la Quinta, there was enough material to keep me busy for hours and there was a nice workout area right off the main lobby, if I spent the day there, there would be no need to get a rental car at least until tomorrow.

In the morning there was still no real reason to rent a car, I had decided to go into Mexico and see the sites of some of the street fighting; it turned out to be kind of a waste of time. I hired a taxi and the driver took me to the various locales around Nuevo Laredo where there were bullet scarred buildings on some of the streets, but nothing much else was to be gleaned from the tour. 

I spent much of the afternoon back at the La Quinta, the telephone was a useful tool, I contacted some friends in Mexico City and some people up in DC. There was a real need to get some more information on the background of this Colonel Valdez and Los Zetas. 

The basic story was well known, in 1998 some men from the GAFE, Mexico’s Special Forces, had been assigned to assist the Federal police and eradicate the Gulf Cartel, which operated primarily out of Veracruz, Mexico. Of the three GAFE soldiers that Los Zetas was built around, only Heriberto Lazcano still survived. He had spent eight years in the Mexican Army and had even gone through the School of the America’s, now at Fort Benning. 



He had received the full complement of Special Forces training in counter-insurgency and counter-terrorism tactics. Schooled in sniper techniques; as well as jungle, mountain, desert, naval, and urban warfare tactics, Lazcano had learned how to use explosive demolitions, high-caliber rifles and grenade-launchers. Heriberto Lazcano was a well-trained combat soldier.

According to my sources in Mexico City, Lazcano had spent a lot of time with the Israeli personnel that had established a military training center in Guatemala. The Israeli were there in association with the Kaibil Special Forces command. The Kaibil would later provide Lazcano with the most radical of the Zetas enforcers.

Lazcano was of above average height, at five foot eleven inches he towered over most of the people surrounding him, providing a physiological advantage to be sure. He was said to be smart, aggressive and sadistic. For much of his eight years in the Mexican military he had been a subordinate of Roberto Valdez.

Instead of eradicating the Gulf Cartel, the GAFE operators deserted and then had joined it. Lazcano and his compatriot, Arturo Guzmán Decena and were able to convince thirty fellow Army veterans, comrades in arms, to follow them in deserting the Army and joining forces with the leader of the Gulf Cartel, Osiel Cárdenas Guillén. Things went ‘smoothly’ until Cárdenas Guillén was arrested in Mexico, then extradited to the United States back in 2007.  



By 2010 anarchy was reigning all along the border, Lazcano was down to just a dozen of the original thirty-one GAFE Commandos, the others having been killed or incarcerated. To fill the ranks of his now independent cartel, Lazcano continued recruiting from the Mexican military, as well as from the Kaibil Commando of Guatemala, and even resorted to recruiting common criminals off the street.



One of those common thugs was named Miguel Treviño Morales, who by 2011 had risen in the ranks, becoming the number two man in the Los Zetas Cartel. It was reported, to me, that there was some discord within the ranks of Los Zetas and that a power struggle between Lazcano and Trevino was underway. I was told by two sources in Mexico City that Trevino was the more ‘radical’ of the two men, had a greater propensity for violence, and was even more sadistic than Lazcano.

Between the two of them, there was over ten million dollars being offered in bounties, by the US and Mexican governments, for their apprehension. The size of those bounties, well I must say, 
they whetted my interest. There was nothing of worth to be gained by speaking to my contacts in the DC; they were far behind the curve. There was one local Texas cop that I knew that might be able to help me out, Chief Bob Ironside, of Mission, Texas. Mission is a small town, a suburb of McAllen, Texas right there on the river. Bob had been dealing with the contrabandistas for years, so he got a call.

Bob Ironside had been a cop in Mission, Texas for 23 years, he told he was ready to retire; all he had to do was find his replacement. I certainly did not volunteer for the job, instead asking him if he had any leads on Lazcano. 



There was laughter echoing in my ear, as he told me that the Mexican Marines thought they had Lazcano and one of his Plaza Chiefs, Ivan Velazquez Caballero aka "El 50" or “El Taliban”, dead to rights. The two of them were going to attend a funeral for a dead Zeta, Centeno Madrid, known as “Comandante Ardilla” or “Comandante Centeno”. The story was that Madrid had been the Los Zetas boss in the Fresnillo plaza, before he got shot to pieces by the Mexican Marines. Madrid had also been a personal friend and trusted confidant of Heriberto Lazcano. Lazcano and ‘El 50’ were guaranteed to be there, to show their respect, that was the intel.

When the Mexican Marines moved in there was quite a fire fight, and after the smoke cleared there were twenty- two dead Zetas. It turned out that neither Lazcano nor Madrid were amongst the dead, they had not gone to the funeral. The best intel that  Mexican Military Intelligence, S-2, could muster failed to pass the acid test. 

Bob told me of a fire fight the Texas Rangers, Game Wardens and the local Sheriff Deputies had recently had with a smuggling operation over to the west of Mission, in Abrams, Texas. Complete with Zodiac boats and sniper fire from across the river, the North Americans had fired over three hundred rounds in the altercation. There were no known casualties. 



Bob asked if I was aware that he Mexican Army had just taken up positions on the south side of the river, that they had moved in 2,800 soldiers and had replaced the civilian police officers in twenty-two cities and towns across northern part of the state of Tamaulipas, including the cities of of Nuevo Laredo, Reynosa, Matamoros and some of the smaller border towns. That in the cities of Tampico and even in the state capital, Ciudad Victoria, the military had taken that same course of action. He thought that their presence could be a game changer, as far as disrupting his intelligence sources, but doubted the Mexican Army would stem the flow of drugs or people that crossed the river.

Bob went on to tell me that the Mexican Army was establishing three new permanent battalion-strength army bases along the river. The first would be in Ciudad Mier, which is just a little way upriver from Mission; another battalion would be stationed in San Fernando and the third would be stationed in Ciudad Mante.  I thanked him for his time, he asked me to keep an eye out for a young and aggressive, smart and bi-lingual Police Chief prospect. I promised him I would.

Still trying to catch a lead on Lazcano, I thought of Ricardo, he was well connected with the reporters in Veracruz and Nueva Laredo. Even if he was afraid to go forward, he would know who to see, who had the knowledge, even if they would not put what they knew into print. I called him and we spoke, he said he’d be back in the area in two days, but he texted an e-mail address of a reliable source, someone that represented Anonymous in Nuevo Laredo. Her webcaster handle was NenaDLaredo (GirlFromLaredo). I sent her a message referencing Ricardo’s confidence in her reporting skills. 

He also texted me the number of Ricardo Reyes Alvarez, the police chief of Ciudad Isla, a city in Veracruz, the message was that he was expecting my call and would give me as much as an hour to discuss the Los Zetas phenomenon. 

I was about to contact Chief Reyes when the phone buzzed, the area code of the incoming number, 301, which is in DC. It was a call back from another of the referrals I gotten from Congressman Harry Mitchell’s office. I knew Harry from when he was the Mayor of Tempe, lots of folk had problems with Harry back in the day, but I never did, probably because I never really expected much from him. The call was from the FBI, the Deputy Assistant Director of the Criminal Investigation Division, a fella named David Cardona, was on the line. I was being pleasantly surprised by the response that I was getting, by referencing Harry, I’d have to buy him lunch or donate a dollar to his next campaign.

 Assistant Director Cardona was willing to discuss a FBI sting that had involved Customs & Border Patrol agents with ties to the Gulf Cartel,

 “Amazingly these people sell their ethics for small dollar figures. There’s always a pattern. The bribes start off small, they work their way up and it’s just a constant flow. They become addicted to the illegal revenue flow of the constant bribes coming in.”

He went on to tell me that during 2010 there had been over forty-one hundred complaints against CBP agents and that the Inspector General at the DHS had opened eight hundred and seventy investigations that related to the activities of Customs and Border Patrol employees. There were few people on the border that could be trusted, just on the basis of their job description or title. Director Cardona chuckled at my ‘Trust but Verify’ line, the one that I have co-opted from Ronald Reagan. I have found that it fits a variety of social situations, quite admirably.

I was able to get through to Chief Reyes and set an appointment for the next afternoon, I would meet him at a carwash, in Ciudad Isla, at 18:00hrs, he gave me the address. The next outside contact I had was with Ricardo’s contact, NenaDLaredo, she had blind texted my phone with a number. When I called the number it was answered almost immediately, the crux of the conversation, we could meet in the morning, in Nuevo Laredo. My thinking was I would meet with Nena and get still back to the airport in Laredo in time to fly the 900 miles down to Veracruz, and still be able to make my appointment with the Chief. It should all move like clockwork, even on Mexican time.

The next morning I was at the café that NenaDLareo had suggested we meet at, she was an attractive young woman; appearing to be in her late twenties, with long blondish hair and black rimmed glasses. She had been working the stories that the print and broadcast media were avoiding, specifically she was targeting Los Zetas, which was the dominant cartel in Nuevo Laredo.

Trying to gauge her motivation I asked her why she had become involved in battling Los Zetas. The answer was plain spoken and chilling. Her sister had been the secretary of Manuel Farfan Carriola, who after retiring from the Army as a brigadier general, had come home to be the Police Chief in Nuevo Laredo. He had held that job for thirty-three days, when, while leaving the police headquarters he was attacked by gunmen, killing him, his body guard and Nena’s sister. That had happened just last February, she was out for revenge, utilizing the tools she knew how to use she was going to make Los Zetas pay.

 As part of that fight she had taken up the Anonymous banner and told me of her latest efforts in that regard. She explained that Anonymous was turning its’ attention towards the bus company and Mexico’s federal government.  Telling me that neither of those institutions were doing anything to halt the kidnapping of bus passengers on Mexico’s highways, claiming that thousands of people had been kidnapped, killed or forced to work against their will. That an all-too common scenario was that armed men would stop and board passenger buses at highway roadblocks set up by the Zetas. 

“They get on the bus, take the men for ransom or to integrate them into their criminal organization,” NenaDLaredo said. “The women are raped and then kidnapped to work in brothels. The evidence is everywhere." 

She told me that Central American immigrants and even Mexican nationals headed to the United States had been taken. That was the back story to the mass graves that had been discovered just 90 miles south of the Rio Grande Valley in San Fernando, back in April. She said that the kidnappings had always gone unreported until it was too late for authorities to respond, effectively. 

“The bus companies do not report it to the authorities because then they have to report it to the insurance companies,” Nena told me. “Can you imagine if every bus company reported every claim in a nation that is in a state of civil war to the insurance companies? Their premiums would go sky high!" 

She said that Anonymous was planning to target the bus company and government websites in August, that the final list of the targets has not been decided upon, but that the group would release its demands later that week. but was mostly interested in focusing attention to the issue and for the government to provide greater security for travelers on the highways. 

"Yes, the guilty ones here are the bus companies but when the families of the raped and the kidnapped cry out, and they do cry out for justice to the government and here is where the government does not jump fast enough,” NenaDLaredo said. 

She told me that the bus company, Tranpaís, claimed that the buses were safe, and that their use of modern GPS and communications devices allowed for drivers to stay in touch with their dispatchers all along their routes.



She scoffed at that, saying that the reality of the situation could be seen easily enough, that the American Consulate of Matamoros had issued a warning against traveling by bus in Tamaulipas due to the reported hijackings that had involved American citizens, just that past April. 

After that meeting I felt like I was no closer to Lazcano or  Miguel Treviño than I had been, and no closer to the truth about Colonel Roberto Valdez, either. 

Going into Mexico, through the border crossing in Laredo, had meant no guns allowed, so all I was only carrying my cane. I had trained with Dave McNeill, up in Reno, Nevada and had gotten most of his Goju-Shorei cane fighting system down. I did not have all the katas in my repertoire, but I was more than comfortable utilizing the cane in defensive combat. Mine is hickory, with a ‘birds head’ carved into the handle of the crook.



The cane is really a great piece of gear to carry, almost no one recognizes its capabilities, in fact twice it has lulled opponents into thinking I was either infirm or crippled. As Sun Tzu said,
 “All warfare is based on deception.”  
Their preconceptions, they had been good for me, bad for them.

In the plane I had a pair of Colt 1911 pistols, .45 caliber. Many consider this handgun to be an antique in this age of polymeric plastics, but in my mind it is a combat proven weapon that fires a formidable round. Even so, I would be smuggling them when I flew into Mexico and I didn’t think that carrying them to meet a police chief was a sensible course of action. Foolish me.



A buddy of mine, Bill Jack Gentry, has a lot of hours flying around the interior of Mexico, his home base is in Mississippi but he fancies himself as a tree top flyer. I had called him the night before and he knew of a landing strip right outside of Ciudad Isla, on a ranchero of a friend of his. Bill Jack made arrangements for me to land there and for transportation while I was on the ground. He said my new used Cessna would be safe at the ranchero, that the rancher, Raul Villalobos, was a legitimate businessan but respected by the local crime bosses. 

It was six hours of flight time from Laredo to Ciudad Isla and the airstrip at the Ranchero Villalobos. I was met by Raul, a man about my age, perhaps five foot eight and two hundred pounds. He picked me up in a newer Ford truck and asked where I needed to go. We were about forty minutes early getting to the carwash, so I suggested we stop somewhere for beer or bread, Raul liked the idea and knew just the place. We were both drinking Tecates as we pulled into the parking lot of the carwash; Raul recognized Chief Reyes and pointed him out to me as he parked the truck.



I was getting out of the Ford when another truck, a green Chevy, drove into the parking lot. There were three men in the bed of that truck, each holding an M-16. As it crossed the sidewalk the driver down shifted and slowed, the roar of the engine seemed to drown out all the other noise, until the men in the truck started shooting at Ricardo Reyes. I could see the rounds impacting the police chief; three times he was hit, in the left shoulder, low on the left side of his torso and once in the left leg. Reyes went down, spinning to his left as he did. The truck then sped off, jumping the curb and fleeing the scene. 

Three of the people who had been standing near Chief Reyes had also been hit, two of them were on the ground, it seemed like we were in a war zone, right there at the carwash. I ran towards the Chief while Raul started the truck and drove next to where the men were down on the ground. Reyes was in the worse shape of the four, bleeding profusely from the wound in his torso. I did what I could to staunch the flow, applying direct pressure to the entry wound, while Raul dropped the tailgate of the Ford. We loaded the four wounded men into the truck and Raul climbed back behind the steering wheel, stomped on the gas and headed to the hospital. The three civilians made it there and were tended to by the medics, Chief Reyes was not so fortunate, he bled out in the back of Raul’s truck.

While we were in the emergency room Raul was on the phone, he ended the call and came over to where I was standing, my hands and chest covered with Chief Reyes’s blood. Raul said he had called his daughter, Regina, who would be there soon, I should go and wash up, Regina would bring a clean shirt and it would be best for all of us if I was not around for the investigation. I had to agree with his assessment of the situation; nothing good could be the result, for either Raul or me, if I spoke to the investigators. Raul looked at me with an expression of real concern, it was time to fly.

Regina arrived before the police did, I got into her Nissan Sentra and we beat a hasty exit from the city, driving back to the ranchero I was in a state of shock, bordering on disbelief. The Chief of Police had just been gunned down, in broad daylight, in the middle of his jurisdiction. Even after hearing the stories of the violence that had become endemic, the reality of the situation was just then beginning to make an impact on my rattled brain.

Regina took me to the Skymaster where I grabbed the bag with my clothes, then we went to the house where I was able to shower and change clothes. Then she took me back to the plane, and I was wheels up and on my way to the airport in Veracruz within forty minutes of the murder of Ricardo Reyes. I landed in Veracruz, cleared customs without incident, and then had the plane fueled. There is a new Camino Real hotel in Veracruz, I loved the service at the hotel they had managed in Manzanillo, Las Hadas. It was the hotel where the film ‘10’ starring Bo Derek had been produced. So I went to their new hotel in Veracruz, it was quite nice.



As I was settling into the room I made a call to Ricardo Gonzalez, he answered straight away.

“Hola, Jack, were you able to learn anything from Chief Reyes, he told me that he had some good information that he wanted to share, was it helpful?”

“Ricardo, the Chief was shot down and killed at a carwash in Ciudad Isla, right before I was able to talk to him; he bled out in the back of a truck on the way to the hospital.”

“Bled out? What do you mean by that, Jack?”

“Chief Reyes is dead, Ricardo, shot three times.”

“Oh my God! When did this happen?”

“About three hours ago, Ricardo. Just before I was able to talk to him a truck with three shooters drove up and assassinated him, while he was having his car washed. Three other people that had been standing near him were wounded in the attack. I was twenty meters away, maybe less, when it happened.”

“He was the Chief of Police, this is unbelievable!”

“Believe it, Ricardo, I was there and saw it happen. right in front of my eyes. Then Chief Reyes died in my arms, on the way to the hospital. It was broad daylight, in the middle of the city. I’ve never seen anything quite like it.”

“Were you hurt? Where are you now? Who is in charge of the investigation?”

“I’m fine, Ricardo, another minute later, though and I’d have been standing right next to him, right in their field of fire. Right now I am in Veracruz, at the Camino Real. As to the investigators, I did not wait around Ciudad Isla to talk to them; there was nothing to be gained, as I was not the only witness to the assassination. I think we need to meet, this is getting serious.”

“Serious? I agree it is serious, people are being killed all around us, Jack, it does not get more serious than that, does it?”

Ricardo said he could be in Veracruz by the next afternoon, unless I wanted to meet in Mexico City. There are way too many people in that metroplex to suit me, so I said I’d rather meet in Veracruz, as that was where the current chapter to the story had started, with the murder of Noel Lopez. Ricardo agreed, saying he would be at the Camino Real that next evening. 



Spending the evening at the Camino Real was by no means a hardship, the restaurants are all excellent. Their spot on the beach is nice, but the beach sand was less that desirable for running. Too muddy for my taste, but Veracruz being the largest commercial port in Mexico is not really a resort location, is it.



The next morning on the news there was a report of a prison break in Nuevo Laredo. Five of the guards had just up and left their posts, which allowed for fifty-nine inmates to walk out. Not all of the inmates cleared the fence line, seven died in their attempt to escape. The reporter said that Federal authorities had arrived and taken control at the Nuevo Laredo Detention Center (CEDES). 



The facility houses over twelve hundred inmates. This was the second major break out of the year, seems that one hundred forty had walked out of the place in December. Simply amazing, I was listening to the Federal Minister on the news, he was calling it another example of a local government failing it’s duties to the community.

"The absence of effective measures of control and oversight by local authorities is deplorable, and has generated frequent escapes from prisons, putting the safety of communities at risk." 

The jailbreak was another factor in my thinking; it exemplified how precariously thin the veneer of civilization really is. Mexico seemed to be sliding into an abyss of violence and mayhem, the effects of which would surely be finding its way north of the border. 

At breakfast I noticed the shirt the maître de was wearing was of a style I really enjoy wearing, but cannot ever find at Walmart. The guayabera, or ‘wedding shirt’ is comfortable and I think kind of stylish. The guayabera style is said to have originated in Veracruz, or the Yucatan, so perhaps I would be able to get a dozen while I was here. I spoke with the maître de and then with the concierge, both recommended the same shop, over in the Villa del Mar district of Veracruz. 



The Villa del Mar area is in the old city, right along the shore line, just a few miles north of the Camino Real, go along the Boulevard Miguel Aleman and then when it ‘T’-bones at Boulevard Avila Camacho go left. Do not get off at the first Boulevard Avila Camacho exit. If you do get off at the first Avila Camacho exit, then go right, the road will take you right along the coast, but it’s further and the traffic is normally much slower. 

Boulevard Avila Camacho takes you right to the Villa del Mar district and the family-run store, Guayaberas Fina Cab. They have real nice, high-quality hand-stitched shirts. It is an easy store front to locate, if you happen to be visiting Veracruz, right there between Calles Arista and Serdán. I was coming out of the store with a dozen new shirts when I heard the sound of gunfire, coming from the north.

Looking that way I saw a mid-size SUV, a Nissan maybe, it was white there’s no doubt of that, coming towards me, straight up the main drive. There was no missing them, two men in the back seat of the SUV had their upper bodies out of the windows and they were firing AK-47 style assault rifles back in the direction they were fleeing from. It did not take a genius to realize their target was the black pick-up truck with four soldiers standing in its bed. 



It was obvious that I would soon be in the middle of gun battle that was rolling through the streets of Villa del Mar, Veracruz. It looked like Naval Marines were going against members of the criminal element, in a combination high speed pursuit and shoot out. Each side exchanging volleys of fire from the back of the vehicles, as people were running for cover in their wake. Between my position in front of Guayaberas Fina Cab and the white SUV there was a family walking on the sidewalk, a man and a woman with two small children, a boy and a girl. The kids looked to be about five or six years old, they were well in hand.

The distance between me and the lead SUV was shrinking fast, the shooters in the back had their attention riveted on the Marines that were in pursuit. The driver appeared confident, he was easy to see through the windshield and the man in the front on the passenger side of the was sitting calmly. There was nothing to take cover behind, so going into a low crouch as they came past, I kept my attention on the two gunmen in the back. The driver’s side shooter had the AK-47 style weapons to his shoulder, trying to steady his aim in the bouncing vehicle being no easy feat. The passenger side man had his weapon hanging by a sling over his shoulder, it looked like he was tossing two green balls out of truck, underhand just as they sped by ... 

I heard myself shouting “GRENADE!” 
I turned away from the prospective blast, and fell forward, pushing myself even further from where I thought the little green balls were going to roll in the four or five seconds since the safety spoons went flying. 

Those little green balls were two M67 grenades rolling aimlessly on the ground. Each sphere consisted of a two and a half inch diameter steel body that contained six and a half ounces of composition B explosive. The fuse assembly and the surrounding steel body made up the balance of the M67’s total weight of fourteen ounces. The fuse delays the grenades’ detonation between four or five seconds after the pin is pulled and the spoon is released. When it explodes the steel fragmenting out of the grenade body spread to produce an injury radius of approximately fifteen meters, with a fatality radius of 5 meters.



After the two blasts, which came almost simultaneously, the family of four was down, the woman screaming, the children crying, blood was everywhere. I hustled over towards the children, both were wounded, but only superficially, their scars would be more emotional than bodily. 



The mother was in worse shape, but there were other people around her tending to the bleeding. I stood and looked around, a half dozen people had cell phones to their ears, the ambulances should be arriving soon I hoped. I looked to the father, but he was gone. From the appearance of the scene it was not hard to surmise that as the grenade was rolling towards his wife and kids, he dove on it, smothering the blast with his own body.

The ambulances were soon there to load up the fella’s wife and kids. 



I gathered up my shirts and headed off; walking towards the south, in the general direction of the Camino Real, but that was not my destination, I was not thinking that far ahead. Here I had come to protect a journalist as he investigated a ‘Mexican Watergate’ and all I’d been doing, all that had been accomplished, was watching as one person after another died, almost every day.

The bodies were mounting up, the magazine editor, Miguel Angel, his wife and son. Those three died the night I arrived, so while I was not witness to it, it did affect the principle client, Ricardo Gonzalez. Those murders were the driving force behind his decision not to go forward with the investigation. When I had gone to see Chief Reyes, he was shot down in a fusillade of bullets, in the minute prior to when I would have been standing with him. Then, just today a total stranger, the father of Christopher and Joselyn Sanchez Bonilla, had died in front of me. Those kids, just five and six years old, were nothing but innocent victims, their lives would never be the same again. 

I had walked about a kilometer when I noticed a crowd of people gathered by a white SUV on the side of the road, it looked like the Marine’s black truck from the chase was parked there, too. It did not take long to reach the crowd; and out of curiosity I worked my way to the front of the people standing there, just for the opportunity to see the 
four dead ‘evil doers’.



The talk was that the men in the vehicle had been involved in a shootout earlier in the day, when someone had ambushed three buses full of Marines, in the Boca del Rio district. They had orphaned those two kids, for nothin’, dying like this was too easy thing for scum like them. I could feel the rage building deep down in the bottom of my gut, I’d felt it before, the results of which are not found in Ms. Manners hand book for gracious and pleasant living.

I waited on Ricardo before going to dinner, I figured he’d likely be running on standard Mexican time, meaning a late dinner, and I was correct. We went to the patio restaurant, La Vela, and had the ‘Special’



Ricardo was confident that NenaDLorado had a solid lead on the leadership of Los Zetas, he had communicated with her earlier and was excited by what she had said. I asked him, then, at the height of his enthusiasm, I asked.
 
“What’s the objective, Ricardo?”

“The objective, I don’t understand, Jack, what do you mean?”

“Meaning what is the objective, the goal, what are we trying to obtain? If we do not know the objective, how do we know when we’ve obtained it? An endless pursuit of ghosts, with no objective other than to be in the chase, I have no need for that. But if we can hurt these sons of bitches, and get paid to do it, all at the same time, that Ricardo is a game I’d play in. How about you, what do you want from this?”

“I had thought at the start this, when I contacted you, that we could obtain justice for Noel if we could write his story. Expose the corruption, but now I think that even if we do that, it will have no meaning. With all the death surrounding us, staring in our faces, the proofs required to write this story, they will never be gained. Can you hurt them, Jack, the force of their evil seems insurmountable.”

“Ricardo, these fellas are bullies, they’re big on breaking down doors in the middle of the night and then shooting unarmed folks, women and children. With my own eyes I’ve watched them run like rabbits when the Marines were chasin’ them. No, these boys aren’t insurmountable, they are nothin’ but bluster. We find out where their head shed is, we can take ‘em down. We can strike when the targets the US government has the bounties on are in the house.”

“You mean to kidnap the leaders of Los Zetas?!?!”

“No, Ricardo, I mean to capture and then proceed to turn those leaders over to the legal authorities that will pay the bounty offered. There are millions of dollars on the table.”

“That’s insane, Jack, those men are killers!”

“They’re not the only people around with that skill set, Ricardo, in fact from what I’ve seen; they are not skilled at all. If we can find them, we can take them.”

“Not me, Jack Hawkins, I am not going out with you to catch Zetas, you may be crazy but I am not!”

“Not to worry, Ricardo, you won’t have to be near the Zetas, we just need to be able to track them down. Fix them in time and space; why even the second tier people have bounties of a million dollars or more on their heads. You don’t write about finding them, until after we turn them over to the police, Army or DEA, if you ever write the story at all.”

“You’re looking for a private intelligence network, of your own?”

“I’m thinking that reporters should report. If their reports are timely, we can take direct action against the mala gente. You know, Ricardo, there are warrants for almost all of these people in both the US and Mexico, big rewards offered by each government. We cannot provide every reporter a body guard, even if the Sheikh of Araby would pay for it. Even if he would pay and then we did provide the reporters body guards, the Zetas would just kill the guards along with the targets. They kill police chiefs, what chance would a reporter have? These bastards have declared war, Ricardo, your people have to answer in kind.”

“Millions of dollars? You are sure about that, it is not an urban legend, these multi million dollar bounties on criminals?”

“If we can find ‘em, Ricardo, we can collect on ‘em, guaranteed.”

Before leaving the patio at the La Vela restaurant Ricardo texted NenaDLarado and got an almost immediate response, she sent two names and a phone number. ‘El Mamito’ and ‘Adal’ were the names, Ricardo called the number. Nena said she knew where those two were having a meeting, tomorrow night. They were going to be in La Escondida, which is a small community on the highway between Agualeguas and Sabinas Hidalgo, near Monterrey. 

Agualeguas is located northeast of Monterrey, on the Monterrey-Ciudad Mier highway and approximately 50 miles from the Texas border. Both El Mamito and Adal would be there, along with their body guards. They would be staying at walled compound that included a main house, a couple of out buildings.

Going to the men’s room provided the time and privacy to put a call into Bob Ironside, up in Mission, Texas. After mentioning the two names, he inhaled and whistled.

“Those are two good sized fishes, Jack. Are you sure of the source?”

“I’m sure she’s legit, I’m not sure her intel is. Regardless, I plan on moving as if it is solid. Can you provide a bridge to the Feds for me on this?”

“For those two, you better believe it. I’ll call my Federal contact in DC, we’re going to bypass the locals. You do know the bounty for those two, together, is three million bucks, Jack.”

“In for a penny, in for a pound, Bob. I should be there, in Laredo, by noon. I’ll talk to you then.”

Returning to the table on the patio at the Camino Real Veracruz, it was easy to see that Ricardo was in a state of emotional turmoil.

“As much as I would like to participate in your schemes, Jack, it is impossible. I have responsibilities and duties. My goal is to illuminate the world; your proposal would require that the work be done in the shadows, that is a condition that I cannot accept. Don’t get me wrong, I hope and pray that you succeed, but I cannot be involved.”

With that he got up and left the table and the hotel, he didn’t bother to leave any cash on the table for his part of the tab. 

Now that Ricardo was gone there was no difficulty in making a couple more calls from the patio, it was pleasant there, sitting in the comfortable embrace of a five star hotel, during the late evening. After having just enjoyed a good meal, taking the time to savor a snifter of Azteca del Oro brandy, well, it just made good sense. 

The basic plan was to check out of the hotel at about 01:00hrs, then take the Skymaster and fly to the Del Norte airport in Monterey, landing there about dawn. That was where the meeting with Nena would take place, face to face, after which we’d see about putting some eyes on this compound. After that it would be back to Texas, where the whole team would meet up in Laredo by noon. There would be time for a face to face with Bob, where we’d set-up the particulars of how the delivery of El Mamito and Agal should go down, after we had snatched ‘em.

Nena was there at the airport when I landed, so we wasted no time, I arranged for tying down the Skymaster and we headed out of town on Highway 54, traveling northwest towards Ciudad Mier and the CBP border crossing at Roma, Texas. We had not been on the highway for more than fifteen minutes when Nena pull off onto a dirt road and we were traveling west. The country was hilly and broken by steep ravines, as we drew ever closer to the base of the Sierra Picachos. We drove past a couple of well kept rancheros, before driving by the target compound, it appeared to be on about two hectres, that’s just short of five acres, with a six foot wall around the perimeter of it. At the front gate, where the driveway intersected the dirt road we were driving on, the gates were shut.

We continued along the dirt road until we were well out of sight of any observers from the house and then we stopped. Nena explained that the house belonged to a cousin, but that the Zeta had come and thrown him and his family from the house. Telling him they needed it for a week, that there was a big meeting scheduled and his house was just the perfect place for it. He told the story to Nena, and she had worked a couple other sources to find out who would be there, at the meeting.

Out of the black duffle I took a tripod and video and telephoto package. The lens, from the optical division of Marshal Electronics, has a 140mm focal length with a F1.0 aperture lens. Together that combination produces super low light performance imagery in video cameras. This lens / camera combination provides performance closely approaching that of amplified light scope devices used by the military, but at a fraction of their cost. The camera is set-up to be remotely controlled and the feed can be transmitted onto the net through a wifi hotspot connection, Being this close to Highway 54, we were in a cell zone,  and had a strong signal. I moved off into the hills behind the compound, trying to find a good observation point to set the camera system.

It took almost an hour to find and then move to the right spot. From here I’d be able to keep eyes not only the front gate, but both of the doors of the main house and the approaches from the rear. 



I set the system up, visually checking the aim points and focus, and then connected the roll up solar panels that keep a trickle charge flowing into the batteries, extending their service life tremendously. Then scooting back from the line of sight to the compound I headed back to the car. Then sending a text message while I was moving to Billy Haught, complete with the GPS coordinates for the target compound. I wanted our ‘Eye in the Sky’ on its way; it was to be his first priority after he landed in Laredo.  



During the drive back to the airport the need for operational security was discussed, the importance for Nena to be more than just Anonymous. I gave her a thousand dollars, to cover gas and such, telling her to keep a low profile, and that I would be in touch with her in a couple of days. I called Bob and he said the Feds wanted to meet at Putz’s Field, over on Abram’s Road. He said he’d have their contact person with him, on the ground.

Putz’s place is right on the border, it is a crop duster’s field, there are quite a few of them in that part of the country, on both sides of the border. The fellas were waiting at the northwest end of the air strip and I taxied right over to them. Bob was with a Suit, the man stood about five foot eleven in black leather shoes. He had a narrow black tie, knotted high and tight, white shirt and gray suit coat. His dark hair was combed and greased back, extenuating his high forehead, though it didn’t look like he was going bald. Bob introduced him as Tom Sunday, with the Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR), the State Department in-house intel service.



Mr. Sunday wanted an after action briefing, before there was any action, seems he thought the Federals deserved to know the particulars of the operation, I demurred. My questions were basic and to the point, did he confirm the bounties, the answer was yes, and Bob had the documentation. I told Mr. Sunday that after we had snatched the targets he would have a sanitized mission brief dropped into any e-mail account of his choice. He would learn where to send the Mexican police to perform whatever cover operations were deemed required, at their end. If all went according to plan, El Mamito and Adal would be in our hands by dawn, tomorrow. The question of where he wanted to take delivery received a surprising answer. 

“Bring ‘em right back here to Putz’s as soon as you can,” he said.

 Bob, who was standing a bit behind Tom Sunday raised his eyebrows, incredulously. 

As Bob walked with me to the plane, we had a private talk.

“You know better than to come back here, don’t you Jack?

“You better believe, Bob, this place could be hotter than Hell’s Half-acre after we snatch El Mamito. No, I’m not bringing him here after I have ‘em in hand. I’ll text you a rendezvous and rally point. We’ll arrange getting them to the Feds, after we have ‘em.

“You’re good to go then. Good luck, Jack.”

“You know, Bob, Luck is jut a matter of preparation, see you when we get back.” 

We shook hands and I left Putz’s Field and flew to the Laredo and headed to the La Quinta. Billy was already there; he had rented a suite and was up in it, monitoring the flight of the surveillance drone that was on its way to orbit the Zetas compound. He had flown in from the ranch in Greenback Valey, landing about the time I had left La Escondida. With him were two old friends of mine, ‘Rico’ Fandan and Bill Delwood, seeing the two of them again brought a smile to my face.

Rico stands about six foo two, a big man, but lean. His hair was about snow white, but for a tad of color that remained in his forelock. Rico was an experienced combatant, he and his partner, Bill Delwood, had been working the borderlands for most of their lives. I first met them on a hostage recovery mission we had all been hired for; it was the beginning of a long association.



Bill Delwood stood about the same height, but his hair still held its color, a dirty curly blonde. Delwood looked like he was an athlete, and he moved like a cat. BHe was probably the best explosive demolition man in the business, well except for me of course. The two of them were in the process of cleaning their personal weapons; both men prefer to carry shotguns rather than assault rifles or submachine guns. I share their sentiments, which may be why we all get along.


Delwood packed a Winchester Model 1901 lever-action shotgun, in 10 gauge. Five rounds in the tubular magazine, plus one in the chamber. 



While my old buddy, Rico Foreman, he prefers the Winchester Model 1912 pump action shotgun, in 12 gauge. The 1912 was often called the "trench gun" by US troops who used it extensively in both World Wars. The military version was a short barreled weapon with a heat shield over the barrel and an adapter to mount a bayonet, The weapon has a magazine capacity of six rounds. The Winchester 1912 is unique amongst modern shotguns in that there is no trigger disconnect. If you keep the trigger pulled, the weapon will fire each time the pump action is cycled.

Billy had picked them up in El Paso, on his way here from the ranch in Greenback Valley. He had flown to Texas in my Cessna 180, it is the plane I was replacing with the new used Skymaster. The Cessna 180, called a Skywagon, is a single engine, high wing aircraft, mine is a 1968 model, the 180H. She’s got six seats and is powered by a 230 hp Continental O-470-L, oh yea, she’s a classic taildragger to boot.



A text came in from Jacob Shard, he was running a little behind schedule, but would be at the hotel by 16:00hrs. Bill and Rico were both pleased to learn that Jacob was riding with us on this mission. It was time to begin going over the operation order, Jacob would be able to go with the flow, after he got here, it was better not to wait.

“This is a basic snatch. We’ve got two targets in the same locale. 
First target is Jesús Enrique Rejón Aguilar, known as ‘El Mamito’ or Z-7, he joined the Mexican Army in 1993 and by 1996 was assigned to Special Forces Airmobile Group (GAFE). In ‘97, he was reassigned to the Mexico’s Federal Attorney General's Office (PGR) in the cities of Reynosa and Miguel Alemán in Tamaulipas. He deserted the Army in February 1999 and by March had joined up with Arturo Guzmán Decena, and Lazcano part of the original group of soldiers that had founded Los Zetas as the armed wing of the Gulf Cartel.

The second target is Valdemar ‘El Adal’ Quintanilla Soriano, who is reported to be the Number Two operative at the national level of the economic-financial structure of Los Zetas; he is the accountant that coordinates the payments to authorities on the criminal organization's payroll.

We will enter Mexico in the two aircraft, the 180 and the 337. Eduardo Padellia is going to join us on the ground.”

 Looking at Rico and Delwood, 

“Both of you two know Eduardo pretty well, he will be at the landing strip, which is a stretch of well maintained dirt road about five kilometers southeast from the target. He is providing site security for the planes and two vehicles with drivers for the ground transportation.”

“You got Eduardo involved in this, that old goat keeper. You know I had my doubts about him, but he turned out to be as solid as they come. Good choice. How many men is he bringing?” this came from Delwood.

“Yeah, I trust Eduardo. We didn’t talk numbers, but two at the planes, two drivers, Eduardo himself ... I’d say four or five. Does it matter?”

“No, not really. They aren’t part of the entry operation, right?”

“No, Bill, that’s just us. We should have aerial observation at any time, and we have the live feed from the camera I set this morning. The assault team should enter the compound from the rear, either at that gate, or we go over the wall, depends on what we find on the ground. We sneak up to the rear entrance and set the breaching charges. We enter the building in two locations, with two man teams, Rico and you, me and Billy.

When we detonate the breach charges, Jacob will lob some 40mm high explosive grenades into the front of the compound, attempting to blow the gate and then he’ll drop another four or five rounds around the front of the house. We have the M-79 in the Skywagon, right Billy?”

“Confirmed, boss”



“We move through the building, clear it and capture the two targets. When we exfiltrate the site, Jacob will be in a sniper overwatch position to cover our withdrawal. We skedaddle back to the planes and fly to Falcon State Park, in Texas. After we have the targets in hand, I’ll contact Bob to set up the swap.”

“What’s the money look like, Jack?” this question was from Rico.

“The straight up reward, for the two of them, is three million bucks. Split into ten shares, the three of you and Jacob, each get a full share. Eduardo, he gets a full share, the girl that supplied the intel and the newspaper man, they’ll split a share. That’s, ahh, six shares, which leaves four shares for me. Any loot that we retrieve splits the same way.”

“I’m good to go, that seems straight” again, that was from Rico, Delwood was nodding. Young Billy Haught, he didn’t say a word.

Delwood was looking at the pictures of the targets, glancing at the compound’s image on computer screen, “Seems easy enough” he said, almost to himself.

“Yeah, all we gotta do is make ‘em think that we’re the Mexican Army” said my old friend Rico Foreman.

Jacob showed up just at 16:00hrs, he’s an interesting character study, to be sure. Jacob was a mix of African Black and American Indian bloodlines, both of his parents were, themselves, children of previous genetic mixing of American Indian and African Black parents. 



Jacob is a bit taller than me, so that puts him at six feet, he probably weighs two hundred, maybe a little more, but there is little, let me rephrase, there is no body fat on his frame. Squat thrusts, sit-ups, push-ups, and jumping jacks, five hundred repetitions of each exercise, those form the basis of his daily callisthenic workout. Jacob is an excellent man tracker; he excels at both knife and stick fighting, is an excellent archer and can dot an eye at eight hundred yards with a rifle.

We all left for the airport together, there was no reason to be clandestine about leaving the La Quinta, and took two taxis over to the planes. Billy had arranged to get the Skywagon parked next to the Skymaster, so it was pretty easy to rearrange some of the equipmentl he had brought, and get stuff sorted out.

I would be carrying a Remington 870, pump action 12 gauge shot gun, with seven rounds in the magazine. On my left thigh was the always dependable Colt 1911, carried on my vest were two Tasers, each of us that were entering the house would have two. I had my other Colt in a shoulder holster, slung under my right arm. 

Billy, fresh from Afghanistan, took a different approach from us older veterans. He didn’t carry a long gun, but three of the SIG Sauer P226 pistols. The P226 sets the new standard for combat handguns. I have to admit that the ergonomics and balance of the pistol make it easy to handle. Folks that carry ‘em, they will tell you that the longer barrel provides for better ballistic performance and greater accuracy. The P226 pistol is the current pistol issued to the U.S. Navy SEALs. During the breech he’d be carrying one in each hand and have one strapped on his right thigh.



Ballistic vests and web gear, each man provided his own. Everyone was given a radio and headset and there were four placed on the side for Eduardo and his team, one for each driver, the security team at the planes and one for Eduardo, if he was not driving one of the two vehicles. 

Billy and Jacob left first, in the 180H, it’s only fifty miles to the landing strip, so they would be there in thirty minutes, it’ll take the Skymaster about twenty minutes. We’d been taking turns watching the surveillance coverage, and when those three SUVs had arrived in the hour before we went wheels up, Billy was sure he recognized ‘El Mamito’ getting out of the second vehicle. That was enough for me.

The shadows were getting long as we did the fly-by of the landing strip; Eduardo was there with two pickup trucks and four other men. I banked the Skymaster around and brought her down to earth, there was more than ample space to put the planes. It was just a few moments later that Billy touched down, right on time, and taxied over. 



Eduardo had not changed much, he was still bald, but his remaining hair had gotten longer and his mustache had grown even more extreme. He was on the ball, his people all carried their own radios, he gave me one, while Billy handed out the radios we had brought for them. His men were carrying AK-47 variants, probably Norincos from China, but it didn’t really matter. Their weapons were all clean and looked functional, which did matter.

On the hood of Eduardo’s truck we went over the route I wanted to take to the target, I made sure that Jacob knew the location of the sniper position and that he had the M-79 and bandolier of grenades. The night sky was clear, but the moon was going into its’ last quarter and would not rise until 02:30hrs. Our ‘Eye in the Sky’ was about to go dark from the lack of ambient light, so Billy brought it to us and landed it on the road. We had it in pieces and stowed away in the Skywagon a few minutes later. 

Everything was set; we were good to go, just waiting on the clock. The surveillance system I had placed on the hill south of the compound was still providing a strong signal, but there was not much to see. There were still five vehicles parked outside the wall, there were lights on inside the main house, but not much movement to be seen at the windows nor outside on the patios.

I had a talk with Jacob about the sniper hide, where I had set the camera, which was four hundred yards from the main house in the compound. That’s right at the maximum range of the 40mm grenade that the M-79 ‘Blooper’ fires. 



Even though the primary effect of the grenade barrage was to provide a diversion during the breech and capture, and area fire would provide that,  there was still that gnawing feeling that the rounds should be put accurately onto the target. To do that, though, Jacob would have to close the gap, and there was not much cover between the observation post and the target. If he moved the fifty to seventy-five meters needed to lay accurate fire on the target, he would be be out in the open and exposed to return fire. The secondary challenge was that the nearer he was to the compound the more his field of fire for the long gun, a M-21 sniper rifle, was diminished. His ability to cover our withdrawal from the compound would be compromised, if he was at the maximum optimum ‘Blooper’ range, which is about 325 yards.

“The answer is simple enough, Jack, as you guys infiltrate to the breech points, I’ll slide down to a good spot to launch the barrage, six rounds at what, eight or ten seconds per, that’ll take less than a minute, not any more than that. Then I bust ass back up the hill, while you’re in the building, and by the time you exit, I’ll have your backs from the high ground. If I start the ball, and you boys don’t breech until after the first grenade hits, I could be back in the hide before you have cleared the entry points.”

Rico and Eduardo were concern about where the pickup point would be, once we had the packages in hand and were leaving battle space. The preferred pickup spot was outside the front gate, but if it was blocked or locked, that could present a problem, Rather than worry on about what was really an unknowable, the consensus answer was for Eduardo to monitor the radio and make accommodations on the fly. 

Each of us were carrying grenades, two flash bangs and two M67 frags, I really like to lead with a bang. During the surveillance, both from the fixed position on the hill and from the ‘Eye in the Sky’ we had not seen any dogs, which did not mean there were none. The absence of evidence is not always evidence of absence, so I decided to take a .22 caliber Walther P22 pistol, with a screwed on suppressor and left one of the 1911’s in the plane. Just in case there was a need for silence.



After we had been on the ground for about three hours, it was pushing 22:00hrs, time to start the dance. We loaded up in the the two trucks and headed over towards the compound, stopping about a kilometer away; still well out of sight of the compound, it was time to take a hike. We moved in single file, relaxed but at the ready, slipping unobserved through the trees and then using the ravine as an avenue of approach, before going up the hill just behind, to the west, of the compound. During the entire trek we were concealed from possible observation from lookouts at the compound, this was accomplished by staying below the ridgeline until in position directly behind the buildings. That’s when Jacob split off from our group to head for the OP, while we stayed belly down on the cusp of the ridge, with our eyes on the compound. 

It took another twenty minutes for Jacob to get into position at the OP, he dismantled the camera system and stowed it in a rucksack. It was another fifteen minutes, all told, until we made our way to the wall of the compound. The Zetas had only just commandeered this property and I doubted that there were any sophisticated security systems installed. Truth of it, there was not even a lock on the back gate; it seemed the ‘Force’ was still with the Jedi knights. The lights were on in the house, on the first floor, but there was no sound of boisterous partying going on, the buildings were quiet, but not dark.

Maintaining radio contact with Jacob, who reported all was quiet to the front, we approached the rear of the building, Rico and Delwood went to the door at the rear of the house, on the west side. Billy and I took the north side of the house, where there was no doorway, but a large window. Luckily, for us, the drapes were closed, and while some light leaked onto the patio, we would be unobserved placing the breeching charge on the window frame. When both charges were set the four of us met at the northwest corner of the house, I handed the detonator, the ‘clacker; to Delwood and then radioed Jacob, telling him we were all good. 



Jacob moved down slope, to a spot a little more than two hundred and fifty meters from the front gate. Another round of radio checks and then Jacob lit the fire; I thought I heard the ‘bloop’ of the M-79 being fired, but there was no mistaking the blast of the grenade when it hit the front gate, blowing it open. That was when Delwood, looking at the three of us said 

“Fire in the Hole!” and squeezed both of the clackers, the dual blasts were almost instantaneous.

 Not letting the moment slip away we all dashed for the breech points created by the blasts. Billy took the lead and cleared the remains of the window sill in a single bound, landing on both feet; he crouched low and then moved off to his left, the lights were off in the room, the blast of the breeching charge shattering the bulbs. As I cleared the window there were two pistol reports to my left, sounded like Billy had double tapped a target, that’s when I heard Delwood’s 10 gauge cannon go off.  Billy had moved left, it was on me to cover the right side of the room, and that was when I saw movement on the floor, a groggy Zeta was trying to gather his senses, a full load of nine buckshot pellets from the barrel of my Remington 870 put him back down. The living room was clear; Billy was in the main entry hall, heading towards the ground floor rooms on the south side of the house. I followed him into the entry hall.

From the outside, towards the pool house to the south side of the compound, I could hear the muffled explosions of 40mm grenades as they were impacting the ground. The sounds of the blast were like the ticking of a clock, every ten seconds there was another blast. Jacob had the beat down; the fella had rhythm, no doubt about it. There was movement at the top of the stairs; two men, each with an AK-47 in their hands, were starting to come down the steps, one behind the other. I gave them about five seconds, until the lead man was half way down the stairs and saw me. As his eyes widened, in recognition of his imminent demise, the double-aught buck shot from my Remington 870 hit him in the groin and thighs. As he was falling forward I racked the action of my weapon, putting a fresh round in the chamber, while simultaneously stepping forward left to get a better angle on the second man. That man was trying to stop in mid stride, but instead of stopping, the fellow had lost his footing and fell, ass first, into a sitting position on the stairs; the look of fear on his face was priceless. The third load of double-aught buckshot fired from my Remington took him square in the chest. 

Delwood’s 10 gauge sounded off, twice, as I quickly loaded three shells into the 870 before heading to the base of the stairs. The first of the stairway Zetas was laying there, moaning and groaning on the floor, holding the shotgun in my right hand and drawing the 1911 from the shoulder holster with my left, there was no feeling of remorse as one of  those big .45 caliber hollow point bullets destroyed his skull. Holstering the Colt it was time to find the object of our hunt, from the sound of things outside, the mission clock was at plus one minute, as the grenade barrage was over. So far I knew that we had four Zetas down, confirmed, in the house. That was when Rico sounded off, telling me he was coming up on my six, he followed me as we headed up the stairs.

Taking a frag grenade, I tossed it towards the three doors at the end of the upstairs hallway; they looked like the bedrooms, and then took cover. The blast came four seconds later, then I made a mad rush towards those the doors at the end of the hall, just half a heart beat after the steel fragments shredded the walls.. The door to the left had been blown open, and there was a man lying there on his back, disoriented by the blast, it was El Mamito. I stepped to him and kicked him in the face, with my left boot, disorienting him even further. Then reaching down I turned him over, onto his stomach, pulling his hands behind his back to put the zip-tie hand cuffs on him. As I straightened up it was my right foot that found his groin, poor El Mamito, he was really disoriented now. I started turning back to the doorway just as Rico’s Winchester went off; and I was the witness to another Zeta going down. Seems he’d gotten behind me while my eyes were on the prize. Rico had not been a victim of tunnel vision, he wasn’t focusing on El Mamito, good thing for me.

I kicked in the remaining closed door and Rico charged through into the room, there he was, the accountant, El Adal, crouching in the corner, yelling “No Fuego, No Fuego!” (Don’t Fire!). He stood up when Rico approached him, that’s when Rico performed a text book ‘Horizontal Butt Stroke’ and hit him with the stock of the Winchester up side El Adal’s head. Set our boy Adal right down to his knees, and then he was thrown to the floor. Rico was on top of the prone and crying man, and had him quickly cuffed. Then Rico jerked him back up and onto his feet and then shoved him towards the stairway. I went to the still prone and moaning ‘El Mamito’, grabbed him by the arms and pulled him to his feet. Then shoving him towards Rico, who pushed him to the stairs. El Adal was mentally beaten, you could see it in his eyes, as he complied with Rico’s instructions to go down the stairs. When the Mamito failed to perform, Rico threw him down the stairwell, the take off was flawless, but oh, the landing had to have hurt.

Glancing about the room where El Mamito had been captured, there was a medium sized duffle bag, on the floor next to the bed. It seemed to be ‘out of place’, and when opened, it appeared to be full of cash money, US green. I zipped it back closed, put the carrying strap over my shoulder and headed to the stairs. Over the radio I announced we had the two packages in hand, and were ready to leave the building. Jacob reported the front gate was down, but the Zetas had established a strong point in the pool house, on the south side of the compound. He, Billy and Delwood had ‘em pinned down, but the path from the house to the front gate was not secure. He reported no movement from the building to the immediate north of the compound; the lights had come on, then they were quickly turned off again. 

Eduardo was already on the move, he had both trucks rolling, one would be approaching the north wall and would be our ticket out of the trap, and the other truck would cruise on by the front of the compound to pick up Jacob. Rico had taken charge of Mamito and Adal, who had become even more compliant after staring at the bodies strewn about the first floor of the house. When the four of us got to the wall of the compound, Eduardo was there with the truck, backing up to it. One of his men was standing in the truck bed, ready to help to manhandle the prisoners over the wall and into the truck. Once those two were loaded Rico used the radio to update Billy and Delwood. They broke contact with the Zetas in the pool house, beating a hasty retreat through the house and then towards the north, to the truck. Jacob‘s rifle barked in the idstance, four times in less than fifteen seconds, then a lull fell over the compound.



Billy and Delwood were still clambering over the top of  the wall, before falling into the bed of Eduardo’s  truck.

I was standing in the back of the truck bed, holding on to the metal construction rack, watching the other truck. It had stopped on the road in front of the vehicles that were parked outside of the compound’s front wall. The interior wall of the compound blocking any kind of firing angle for the Zetas as they were leaving the pool house. Jacob was moving with his normal fluidness, jumping out of the back of the truck and then running to the Mercedes SL600 Sports Coupe, the vehicle parked furthest away from where they had stopped, reaching the car he turnedaround and stuck the butt of his M-21 into his shoulder. Moving swiftly he started back towards the truck. Jacob began shooting the radiators and tires of each vehicle as he came to it, stopping only for a moment, as he rolled his grenades underneath the fuel tanks of the two larger SUVs. The M-67s were barely out of his hands beore he was sprinting hard, before vaulting into the back of the truck, as it started speeding towards the highway. 

Just as the driver of Jacob’s truck was spewing dust and gravel into the air the grenades ignited the gasoline in those fuel tanks. The two big SUVs exploded in twin balls of red and orange flame, with the smoke disappearing into the black of the night sky. Eduardo still had a firm grip on the wheel and his foot stomped down on the accelerator. The two Bills were now standing next to me in the bed of the truck, as we sped through the night on the way back to the planes. So far, so good.

As we pulled up to the wide spot in the road where we’d left the planes El Mamito was no longer as disoriented as he had been. He started to speak and really, some of what he said was just plain vile. It didn’t matter that he was speaking Spanish; we all speak Spanish well enough to understand the gist of what he was saying. He didn’t quiet down until Billy took a Taser to his neck, which shut him up. There was no sign of any Zeta pursuit, they must have thought they’d been hit by the Alto Mando of the GAFE, it was either that or it was because their vehicles were still burning. There was a faint orange glow off in the distance to the north-west, visible to us because it was higher on the southeastern slope of the Sierra Piachos than we were; it sure looked like the location of the fire was right about where the Zeta compound was.

That was when the text was sent to Bob, it provided the GPS coordinates of the vehicle fire, just in case Tom Sunday wanted to report it to the appropriate Mexican fire department. Also included was confirmation of Putz’s Field as our rally and rendezvous point for the exchange. Billy grabbed a hold of Adal and pushed him towards the Skymaster, there were questions to be asked.

“How much money is in the bag?” I demanded of the accountant.

“In the bags, one million US in each bag, but I see you only have one of the bags. You can keep it, if you let us go.”

“I can keep the money and you too amigo. When I let go of you, it’s another million dollars, for me and mine. You have nothing to trade.”

“That is where you are wrong, I have a lot to trade, it is all in my head, the passwords to the numbered accounts, millions more in banks in the Cayman’s and in Belize.”

Rico was standing there, taking it all in, so that’s when I asked him.

“Well, Rico old buddy, what do you say?”

“I say that you, which means we, have a contract with the US government. We are honor bound to fulfill that contract.”

“I must agree with that , Rico.”
Then I said
“Billy, take one of the stowage bags from the 180 and put one hundred thousand of the loot in it, for Eduardo, will you please?

“On it, boss!”  he said, as he trotted towards the other plane. That’s when the last ray of hope disappeared from the eyes of ‘El Adal’.

 We used more of those zip ties to secure both of the prisoners ankles, then for the Mamito, we connected the ankle ties to his wrist ties, our little pretty boy, ‘El Mamito’ was hog tied. Both of the prisoners were loaded into the Skymaster, the loot and heavy weaponry along with the rest of the fellas, would take the 180 Skywagon. The plan was to fly, nose to tail, right to Putz’s Field, when I would call Bob and abort that rally point and send him the new coordinates for the meeting. I’d delay that part of the message, to ensure being on the ground first. Still flying in close tandem formation our pair of planes would fly on to Falcon Lake, where the two prisoners would be turned over to Tom Sunday. 

Eduardo was happy as a clam to get the one hundred thousand in cash, he didn’t even ask about a timeline for payment of the balance, trust is a wonderful commodity. That and he knew about dealing with the Feds and getting paid, so why bring up a question that we all knew there was no good answer to. 

The overflight of Putz’s Field went as planned, Billy went lights out before crossing the river and we flew on, to a destination that was unknown to Tom Sunday. It’s not that far to Falcon Lake, from Mission, Texas so no matter what mode of transportation Mr. Sunday was utilizing he’d be along soon enough. The field at Falcon Lake State Park is not used much these days, Bob was the one that first turned me on to it, and because it’s a State Park the local sheriff deputies do not patrol it on a regular basis. They will come if called, but they mainly leave security to the Park Police and the Texas Rangers, both groups of fellas whom Bob knows well and works with on a regular basis. The south end of the strip is being covered by blow sand; it even looked to be drifting in places when I overflew it a few days back, didn’t think much would have changed, not in three days. The north end of the runway was still clear of obstructions.

The Skywagon flew the length of the airstrip, with the passengers dropping chemical light sticks out the windows. When wearing commercially available night vision equipment those sticks really light up the night. Billy set her down perfect and let the boys out on the south end of the runway, then, just as we had planned he taxied to the north end of the strip and parked. I followed him down and went to the south end of the strip, stopping the plane close enough so the fellas wouldn’t have far to walk.

I climbed out the passenger door of the Skymaster as the team of professionals gathered around. I set my weapon against the fuselage while unscrewing the cap to a flask of Jack Daniels. Which I handed right over to Rico, who took a long swallow and then passed it over to Jacob, the flask went around and it sure helped to lighten the mood. I picked up the Remington when I heard it in the distance. We hadn’t been on the ground for more than fifteen minutes and a Blackhawk helicopter was coming in fast, lifting its nose at the seemingly the last moment before a crash was assured and landing soft. 

Tom Sunday, accompanied by Bob and four guys dressed in black complete with helmets, goggles and face masks jumped out and came over towards us. Jacob ambled over to the tail of the Skymaster, his rifle held loosely at the grip, in his right hand.  Rico ducked his head and took five steps before clearing the front of the wing, about half way to the tip. Delwood and I, we stood at the open passenger door of the Skymaster. Sunday seemed a little pissed, as he walked up.

Dolworh tossed the nearly empty flask to Sunday, saying 
“Lighten up, amigo, we’ve made your day.”

The State Deptpartment operative reached out and caught it deftly with his left hand, held it close to his ear and shook it, before tossing it back to Delwood.
“It’s to early to be celebrating, your job’s not done until I take delivery.”
I was looking at the four‘Men in Black’ each had the white star of the Mexican Federal Police on their body armor, presenting a suitable target, and each carried a M-4, combat slung across their chests.

Sunday’s sullen mood seemed to brighten and his mood improved considerably when I stepped aside and he saw the cargo, trussed up in the back of the 337. I stepped forward, holding the Remington in my left hand and raising my right to shake Bob’s hand, clearing an angle on the advancing Mexicans as I did.

Sunday motioned to one of the Mexicans, who hustled over and climbed into the plane. That’s when Bob said,
“
“Sunday called his liaison n the Mexican side after he met with us, they had a platoon on standby, hell they were moving when the bonfire started, you must have just missed ‘em.”

“Wonders never cease, Bob, wonders never cease. When did they decide to turn ‘em over to the Mexicans, any idea?”

“Not me, Jack, I have no idea a to that. You’ve made delivery, what the Feds do with those two, and why... who the hell knows. You may be interested in something that Sunday let slip, his liaison in Mexico, Coronal Roberto Valdez. I really do need to retire, that’s the truth of it.” 



As the men in black removed the cargo from my plane, Tom Sunday signed a receipt for the two of them and was informed that he’d be contacted by lawyer Daggett with the payment particulars, which was appropriate seeing as how lawyer Daggett represented my employer, a Panamanian corporation.

Mag Seven Security – ‘Why buy guns when you can hire Men’



The newspapers in Mexico declared that Operation Lince Norte was a public success; passing on the military reports relating to the seizure of 6.5 million pesos, which is worth about five hundred an forty thousand dollars, US. They also reported that over twelve hundred weapons had been seized, along with three tons of marijuana. Almost forty thousand dollars in U.S. currency and more than two hundred and sixty vehicles had also been confiscated. All in what should have been a crippling blow to the Los Zetas operations on the streets of Nuevo Laredo.

Beyond those publicly acknowledged successes, the covert actions of Coronel Valdez and Fire Team Filiberto were credited with the capture Jesús Enrique Rejón Aguilar, a founding member of Los Zetas and head of their operations in San Luis Potosí. The official story regarding the capture of Rejon subsequently credited it to the Federal Police in Mexico City. 



Federal Police agents showed off their prize, Jesús Enrique Rejón Aguilar, (a.k.a. Z-7, El Mamito), to the public in Mexico City. (AP Photo/Alexandre Meneghini). 

Along with Jesus there was another important member of Los Zetas was captured in a separate action, Valdemar ‘El Adal’ Quintanilla Soriano, who was a major money mover and cash launderer, referred to as an ‘accountant’, for Los Zetas. 



It was reported that ‘Adal’ had been captured after a gun battle between Mexican Army troops and members of a Zeta cell in the municipality of Agualeguas, Nuevo Leon, just north of Monterrey. The Army reports that the battle resulted in the deaths of ten gunmen. In addition to the dead gunmen, the Army reported the seizure of ten military style assault rifles, five vehicles, military uniforms and tactical gear. There were over two thousand rounds of ammunition and ten 40 mm grenades seized. According to the public reports six of the gunmen were killed in the house, another four were found in defensive positions outside the main residence. The capture of ‘Adal’, after the gun battle, led to the seizure of almost one million dollars in US currency, by the men of the Alto Mando, none of which was ever mentioned in the reports made to the public

It was all going good, in the Greenback Valley of the Sierra Ancha Mountains, lawyer Daggert was moving foward on collecting the bounty on the two miscreants we had captured, he reported there did not seem to be any real complications, and the moneies would be paid as soon as the Congress raised the debt cieling. The loot from the raid had been divied up, NenaDe Laredo was, in a word, amazed. I warned her against extravagance and it worried me, but she had earned her share, fair and square. Ricardo’s share was paid by way of an Anonymous contribution to Article 19, rather to Ricardo, himself.

Then I got this in an anonymous E-mail ...



A reporter who wrote crime and police stories in the Mexican port city of Veracruz was found dead Tuesday morning, but officials made an early denial that she was killed for her newsgathering.
Yolanda Ordaz de la Cruz worked at Notiver, the same employer of a columnist who wrote critically about politics and was killed in an ambush in his home in late June, along with two members of his family, as The Times reported.
Yet state authorities denied in a statement Tuesday that Ordaz was killed for her "journalistic work," hinting that the motive behind her death was "links to organized crime" (link in Spanish). The statement did not elaborate.

Black Jack Hawkins  -  The Backstory


The backstory to the Border War, and of ‘Black Jack’ Hawkins will be addressed through the recollections and stories of the people involved, in some cases ‘Black Jack’ was there, in others all we have are rumor, innuendo, reasonable assumptions and dots that can be connected.
. 
By the same token the truth of these matters is hidden behind the smoke billowing from a House of Mirrors on the shores of the Potomac River. So after consultations with legal experts and longtime friends and associates in the Intelligence and Security business, the truth will be told in the form of fiction. 

Names have not been changed to protect the identities of the parties involved. 
Though not all of those named really exist.

“That's what fiction is for. 
It's for getting at the truth when the truth isn't sufficient for the truth.”
- Tim O'Brien

Black Jack’s border story starts in the Yucatan of Mexico, in both the city of Merida and the island of Cozumel. My father had been working for a series of international companies one of which was The Tupman Thurlow Co. From there he joined IBEC, which was part of the Rockefeller conglomerate, a company where there were members of the Rockefeller family were personally involved with him in the daily management of operations. While working at IBEC he spent a lot of time in the Yucatan, in Merida, Progresso, and Cozumel, and I had the opportunity, as a young teenager, to accompany him down to Mexico a few times. 

He left the New York corporate scene in 1971, the family moving to Scottsdale, Arizona which was a totally different lifestyle than we’d had been living in either Rye, New York or Weston, Connecticut



I finished High School in Arizona, spent some time at the local Community College before joining in the boom and bust cycle of the construction business. It was in 1978 that the Arizona economy took a dump. I had been working steady as a framing carpenter for a few years and then, one day in 1978, there just were no more houses to build. No more slabs were being poured, there was a depression, the boom had become a bust and believe you me, it was a depressing situation. 

My brother spoke of a friend of his that had joined the Army, and received a signing bonus of $2,500 dollars when he did. So it was of  to the recruiting office, to check out the possibilities. I took the tests and was told that I was qualified for any job that there was, in the US Army. The three Military Occupational Specialties that paid the $2,500 bonus for a four year enlistment were Infantry, Armor and Artillery. None of which struck me as things I really wanted to spend the next four years doing, which is probably why they were offering enlistment bonuses. Truth was I had no real idea what any of the jobs entailed, but my uncle had been a tanker, in Germany during the ‘Nam era, and had not liked it. The Artillery held no interest for me and I did not know much about the Infantry.



I asked about what other jobs that qualified for a bonus were available and there was one, Combat Engineer, the MOS was designated 12B, but it only paid $1,500. When I asked what they did, the recruiter did not know, so we looked in his book for the job description. Road building, chain saws, explosive demolitions, and combat construction were all mentioned, so I signed up, choosing to go to Fort Hood, Texas to be a member of the 1st Cavalry. First stop though was Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri for both Basic and Advanced training, it was wrapped into a single packaged program which took about four months to complete. The only thing that stands out, in my memory, was that it snowed on Easter Sunday, at Fort Leonard Wood.

From Missouri I went to Texas, to Bravo Company, Eighth Engineer Battalion of the 1st Cavalry, where I was assigned to drive a Gama Goat, a chauffeur and radio operator for the platoon leader, a young Lt who had joined the ROTC program at Colorado State and really did not want to be in the Army, at all. He was a pleasant enough fellow, though , and when we went to Germany for ‘Reforger 78’ we spent as much time sight-seeing and visiting ‘Guest Houses’ as we did playing war. In fact it seemed to me that our primary mission was delivering food to our three line squads which were dispersed across the German country side.



After returning to Fort Hood  from Germany I was told that there was an open position for an Engineer at the Horse Platoon and was told to  volunteer, which I did. That led to spending the next four months riding horses, shooting black powder pistols and being pretty bored by the whole thing.

 

 I had bought an old 1960 Ford pick-up truck, three speed on the column, six cylinder, stepside. Then moved off post, looking for fun in all the wrong places. A buddy of mine from the Horse Platoon had just come the Ranger Battalion and was sure that he could call the Sergeant Major there and get me out of Fort Hood and into that program; he promised it would not be boring. 

While contemplating the opportunity to become an Airborne Ranger I received orders for the 518th Engineer Company, 193rd Infantry Brigade, Canal Zone. When I asked my Ranger buddy what he would do if presented with those two possible paths, he said, without a moment’s hesitation … “Go to Panama!”



 I arrived at the barracks at Fort Kobbe and settled in. The 193rd Infantry Brigade was one of the first prototypes of the Modular Brigade Combat Team, although I did not realize it at the time. The 193rd was a fully functional, stand-alone combat formation, complete with Infantry, Armor, Engineers, Artillery, an Aviation and Airborne complement all rolled into a singular command structure under Brigadier General K.C. Leuer. The 193rd was a lean mean fighting machine.  



The First Sergeant at the 518th was a Special Forces veteran, born and raised on the border of Arizona and Mexico, in San Louis. He had been over on the Atlantic side, at Fort Gulick, with the 3d Bn, 7th Special Forces Group but had been told that he had to move on up or get out. He could no longer postpone taking a promotion to E8. The problem, for Sergeant First Class ‘Maggie’ Magdaleno was that there were no E8 slots for Engineers in the Special Forces. He had to become the First Sergeant for the 518th Engineers or retire, he chose to come to Fort Kobbe and the 518th Engineers. Good thing for me!

First Sergeant ‘Maggie’ Magdaleno was often called upon by his friends on the Atlantic side to supply bodies for the Opposing Forces and such, for the School of the Americas and the Jungle Operations Training Center at Fort Sherman. It was my first introduction to the men of the Special Forces, the ‘Green Berets’. Working with those fellas could be described in a variety of ways, but suffice to say that boring would never be one of them. During the next two years I spent lots of time on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus, the Primary NCO Course, the Jungle Operations Course, Sniper School, the School of the Americas and numerous Opfor maneuvers in support of the fore mentioned activities. 

It was in October of 1979 when the first coup de etat occurred in El Salvador; the US was soon knee deep in the muck and mire of the conflicts in El Salvador, Nicaragua and Guatemala. I had a front row seat at the show; little did I realize that soon I’d be an actor on the stage.



My military career was moving right along, a promotion to Sergeant, E-5 was forth coming and they sent me to Airborne school and then to the Ranger course, all in 1980. My private life was centered off base, both in Panama City and in Colon, on the Atlantic side. I was spending an increasing amount of my ‘off time’ with Panamanians, my Spanish was improving quickly. I was soon involved in a variety of local recreational adventures, surfing, scuba diving and socializing with the local ladies. Life was good, real good.



It was in  February of 1982, I had just gotten married to a Panamanian woman and was contemplating my future. The Army was offering a career, but I really did not fit into the stratified environment of the Regular Army. The ‘Career Consultant’ was telling me that I would be going to Drill Sergeant school and then on to Fort Leonard Wood where I would be spending the next two or three years turning recruits into soldiers, the thought was not very appealing. I had an offer from a Panamanian associate to form a private security firm, but it seemed to me to just be some kind of scam, probably leading to illegal activities involving the huge quantities of cocaine that were transiting the region. This was the time frame when the rise of the Colombian cartels, to include Pablo Escobar and his Medellín Cartel was just beginning to be felt outside of Colombia.

The battle for El Salvador was just getting started, it had been during the past year that Archbishop Óscar Romero had been assassinated and the four nuns from the US were raped and murdered. There was substantial political pressure in the US Congress to scale back US involvement in El Salvador. In Nicaragua the anti-Sandinista forces were consolidated under the banner of the  Nicaraguan Democratic Force, the FDN. While in Guatemala the US was delivering helicopters to the government in its’ battle with the insurgency there. Again there was growing political pressure in Washington to disengage.

I was at Napoli’s, a restaurant that was a favorite amongst US servicemen in Panama, as it was close to the old Canal Zone, near Gorgas Hospital and the clubs in the area we referred to as the ‘Triangle’. It was on a Sunday morning, and I was eating alone at a table on the outdoor patio when two men in cheap suits walked up and sat down at my table. They said that I had been 
referred to them by ‘Maggie’ who by that time had transferred back up to the States, to work at Colorado State University, with the ROTC program.



 The suits knew I was ‘short’ and had not yet reenlisted, when they asked why, my reply was simple. I wasn’t concerned about ‘Career Paths’, I was more interested in ‘Party Plans’. One of the suits smiled, the other frowned, just a matter of horses for courses, I guess. Their pitch was pretty simple, they needed qualified civilians to work with the local militaries in El Salvador, Guatemala, and the insurgent rebels Nicoland, and since I had been at involved with the formation of the Salvadorean Army's 'Atlact'i Battalion at the School of the Americas, I was considered ‘qualified’. The offer was, I thought at the time, lucrative in that they were offering $2,000 a week, which was more than I was making in a month with the US Army. So, by the end of breakfast I was four weeks away from leaving the US Army and going to work for, well, neither of the suits mentioned what US government agency they represented and I didn’t bother to ask.

Six weeks later I was a civilian, wearing jungle fatigues without unit shoulder patches or rank insignia on the collar, flying north out of an abandoned US airbase on the Atlantic side to El Salvador in DC-3. Jose "Chepon" Robelo, was the pilot, I later learned that he was the chief of the Contra ‘air force’ on the Southern front. I got to know ‘Chepon’ pretty well; he was my first flight instructor. We refueled in Costa Rica and then flew on into Nicaragua, into the area along the Atlantic coast. The Sandinistas had been forcefully relocating the indigenous Miskito people from that area and moving them to the interior of the country.



I was working with a small cadre of trainers to familiarize the men of the Miskito tribe with basic military operations, weapons handling and small unit tactics, mostly. The Sandinistas would enter a Miskito village, round up the women, children and elderly, load them into trucks and head out to the relocation camps. The weak link in their program, in my view, was the trucks. The trucks would be the most difficult part of the Sandinista program of forced relocation for the Sandinistas to replace. I remember making the case, for about a month, until I was able to convince Edgar Chamorro that the trucks the Sandinistas used to transport the people were the weak link and the easiest target of opportunity for us to strike.



Over the course of three weeks there were raids on the motor pools of the Sandinista forces and over thirty trucks were destroyed, and the Sandinista’s forced relocation program ended. The destruction of those trucks provided the indigenous groups the time and opportunity to eventually reach a negotiated agreement with the government.



It was in March of 1984 when I went to Salvador to help the cause of freedom, there. Unfortunately I found that we were on the ‘wrong’ side. Not that I supported the rebel factions in the fight, but while Jose Duarte was attempting the bring the military under civilian control, the process was difficult, at best.



The Salvadorian Army, with their US advisers were utilizing a ‘scorched earth policy that I thought to be counter-productive. Members of the Atlacti Battalion, men that I knew from the School of the Americas told me of how when deployed to Morazan they had witnessed the massacre of at least 750 civilians. I was witness to General Adolfo Blandón, the Salvadoran Army Chief of Staff saying;


"Before 1983, we never took prisoners of war."

But Durante was trying to bring some order to the madness, but he was bound by political realities. His primary opposition within the government came from the more ‘radical right’, personified by Roberto D'Aubuisson, an Army Major and what could only be described as a ‘right wing’ ideologue. Kind of a fascist, really.

Under the auspices of President Durante the moderates within the Salvadorian Army tried to institute a ‘Civic-Action’ program in the province of Chalatenango. The first part of the program could have been successful; they were establishing local militia groups or ‘Citizen Defense Committees’, which were going to be utilized in guarding the economic infrastructure of the province. I went there and was assisting in the training of those volunteers, but on a parallel track the new regional commander, Lieutenant Colonel Sigifredo Ochoa Perez, a former director of the Treasury Police and political ally of Major Roberto d'Aubuisson, established 12 free-fire zones in Chalatenango.


Lieutenant Colonel Sigifredo Ochoa Perez, left

The idea that they were promoting, was that any inhabitants that could not be positively identified by the army were automatically classified as being insurgents. Ochoa came to call this policy the "Israeli Solution," as it was adapted from Israeli strategy employed in South Lebanon and promoted by the advisors that Roberto d'Aubuisson had brought in from Israel. 

During 1983 at least 8,000 civilians were killed in El Salvador.
Black Jack’s Arms Room

Handguns

 . . . 
Billy Haught carries three P226 in close quarter combat.
‘Black Jack’ prefers the 1911, tried and true ‘Old School’ performance


Shotguns

The Remington 870 has been America's best selling shotgun for over 50 years. World reknown for its legendary dependability. The strength and durability of the receiver is assured as it is milled from a solid billet of steel. Smooth, reliable and non-binding action is provided by the well engineered twin action bars. The Remington Model 870 Express Synthetic is 12-gauge is a shotgun that features an 18" fixed cylinder choke barrel with a single front bead sight. It comes in a non-glare matte finish, and Jack prefers the seven shot capacity magzine to the five. 

 
The Winchester Model 1912 was often referred to as the “trench gun” by the troops who utilized it to great effect in both World Wars. Desgined for use with smokeless powder
 the Model 1912 carries six rounds in the magazine. Lacking a trigger disconnect if the trigger is depressed when the action closes, the weapon will fire. This feature proved extremely effective in close quarter combat situations. 

The lever action shotgun was introduced by Winchester in 1887. Desgined by John Browning it provided a magaine capacity of five, plus one in the chamber. Originally chambered in 10, 12, and 16 gauge. The Winchester 1897 shotgun became popular in the military.

To accomadate the higher pressures generated by smokeless gunpowder  the weapons was redesigned  in 1901.  Improved. by the additions of  a two piece lever and a trigger block, which were the notable engineering modifications

The Winchester 1901 was only chambered in 10 gauge, for smokeless powder loads. 
There were over 60,000 of them manufactured. 

Battle and Sniper Rifles



The M14 is the last US battle rifle. It is a magazine-fed, gas-operated semi-automatic 7.62mm (.30-caliber) rifle  that is still in service with the US military. It deploys with  a 20-round magazine, and has an effective range well beyond 800 meters. Operated from the shoulder, it is designed primarily for semi-automatic fire.

An improved version of the M-14 wqas designated the M-21 in 1975. Issued with a M14NM (National Match). set  in one of McMillan’s M1A fiberglass stocks   The standard optics package was the Bausch & Lomb Tactical 10×40 scope, although there were  also Leupold MK4 10× scopes issued. A Harris bipod was availbale and could be attached if advantageous to the shooter. The M21 remained the Army's primary sniper rifle until 1988, 



Assault Rifles


The M16 family of weapons are lightweight, 5.56 mm, air-cooled, gas-operated, magazine-fed assault rifles, all operate with a rotating bolt  system. The rifle is made of steel, 7075 aluminum alloy, composite plastics and polymer materials.
The grndfather of the M16 family was designated the AR-15 and was first adopted by the USAF in 1962, eventually receiving the designation M16. The U.S. Army began to field the XM16E1 en masse to troops in Vietnam in 1965 Adopting it for standard issue as the M16A1 in 1967.
The M-203 adds a single shot 40mm grenade launcher under the barrel. It fires the same rounds as the M79 break-action grenade launcher, which also utilizes the High-Low Propulsion System which keeps recoil forces manageable. 




The AK-47 is a selective-fire, gas-operated 7.62×39mm assault rifle, first developed in the Soviet Union by Mikhail Kalashnikov. The AK-47 and its variants remain the most widely used and popular assault rifles in the world sixty-seven years after its introduction because of its durability, low production cost, availability, and ease of use. Manufactured in countries all around the globe it is in service with armed forces in conflicts around the world. 
More AK-type rifles have been produced than all other assault rifles combined.







The Fabrique Naitonale P90 and the 5.7x28mm round that it fires are two parts of a weapons and munition system specifically designed for NATO, to be utilized in close quarter combat. The high velocity 5.7×28mm projectiles consistently turn base over point upon impact with the target, in simple terms; they start to ‘tumble’ on impact.  The FN P90 is a bullpup designed sub-machine gun that functions as well as it is formed, as modern and intimidating a piece of polymeric plastic and steel as a fellow is ever apt to run into.

Five-seveN, is a semi-automatic pistol designed and manufactured by FN Herstal in Belgium. The pistol is named for its 5.7-mm (.224 in) bullet diameter, and the trademark capitalization style is intended to emphasize the manufacturer's initials—FN.[



Connect with Black Jack Hawkins

I would like to thank and highly reccomend the contributors at Borderland Beat, both on their front page and back in the Forum. Their library of blog entries, dating back to 2009, are an contemperaneous account of a stark reality.

The primary administrator of the Borderland Beat does an exceptional job, there is not  a more informing site on the subject of the Border War on the web. ‘Black Jack’ participates on the Borderland Beat main page and the Borderland Beat Forum.

Thanks to the folks at Google, for providing the storage space broadband width for the ‘Black Jack’s’ blog Border Wars – 2014 .

The ‘Black Jack’ Hawkins Interview was conducted with the folks from Smashwords. The people at Smashwords, they deserve a round of applause. Starting with Mark Coker who has provided this opportunity to publish in the E-book format, along with outstanding instructions in the ‘Style Guide’. 

Thank you for providing authors a pathway to the retailers. and ultimately readers all across the connected world. I would also like to mention Marcus V, who provided some smashingly good customer service.

Beyond providing free bandwidth for the blog, Google also supplies a superior search engine, one that providess at levels of information that were beyond the realm of the science fiction of my youth. Their mapping service will put you in the middle of the action, not quite the view from a Predator drone, but an aproximation of just how advanced the actual capactiies of military aerial observation.must be. Ike would have loved to have had a Google eye view of Normandy, at any time prior to 6JUN1944. 

You can travel the world, with Google Maps, and never have to leave the ranch.

Another round ofwell deserved thanks goes to the anonymous data hounds that toil at Wikipedia Commons. Providing a wealth of information to the public on a wide variety of subjects. People, places and things, like airplanes, boats and weapons from all around the world.

Frank O'Rourke and Richard Brooks both are on the list to be acknowledged, as are Lee Marvin, Burt Lancaster and Woody Strode. A hearty thank you to Louis L'Amour, whose writing provided many entertaining interludes while I was in Panama. Then there’s Jimmy Buffett, who has sung the sound track of ‘Black Jack’ Hawkins’s life, from ‘Expatriated American’ to ‘Cowboy in the Jungle’, Buffett hit the tone with his tunes.

Finally ...
Thank YOU!! . . . For reading . . . “Border War – Warning Order”.
It was intended to be both an educational and entertaining read, that was the goal, the objective. Hope we got ‘er done!

