The echoes of Solon
By D S S Atkinson

Smashwords Edition

Be encouraged to comment or discuss themes and topics found in my work by contacting me. For more information please visit my website.
DSSAtkinson.Moonfruit.com


All rights reserved
Copyright 2014 D S S Atkinson
This novel is a work of fiction.
No part of this book may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database retrieval system, without the permission of the author, except where permitted by law.


Chapter 1.

The star of Poseidon shone brighter than any other celestial body in the cloudless night sky high above the Atlantic Ocean, in this day known to its people as Ra Atl’Antek. Many miles beneath the calm dark a small fleet of reed woven bow ships cut lightly through the still sea leaving a trail of foaming white waves in the wake of their oars and sterns. There was a distinct intention to their route that had been covered for generations by the ancestors of those who steered them.
Guided north east by the dominant star, Thu’Ra gazed upwards at the blanket of lights covering the endless horizon. The twilight lit up the soft water surface generating a vast mirror across the sea. He stared at the glowing entities, measuring them through his cross staff with an ever growing interest. Although he was his king’s chosen leader in war, his true interests laid in the stars and all the mysteries they held. Come to me; the lone thought lingered in his mind without leading to another. With fascination he looked up into the cosmos to study the great shimmering spheres, though at this time of year few burned with such prominence as the star of Poseidon.
Stood at the vessel’s beak, he lowered the staff and gazed once more out across the dark ocean with hope in his eyes. He had been away from home for the last sixteen lunar cycles and his great muscles and bones ached from the conquests his king had endeavoured him with upon the continent to the south west, known in his tongue as Amek’Ra.
Turning, he rest upon a small supply crate, requiring him to squat deeply for his tall athletic frame. He gazed through capturing pale blue eyes across his soldiers who rowed through the tranquil waters. Sweat poured over their light brown skin despite the constant cold air of the night time sea flowing over them. Tem’Rus was already looking as his leader’s gaze fell upon him, the soldier nodded with respect and felt gratitude to see the gesture returned.
Glancing down, Thu’Ra drifted into a trance. The colossus clutched at a gold encircled cross that hung from his neck via a transparent orichalcum chain. His thoughts fell upon his life partner whom he longed to see. The circular frame mapped his capital, outlining the canals and irrigated waterways that separated and surrounded Atlantis. He ran his finger slowly up and down the centre canal, each time he reached the midst of the cross between the circles he paused and saw his love’s face, her standing, waiting for him in the same place she always stood when he returned from war. The smell of wisteria that emanated from her long golden locks and warmth of her naked slender body pressing against his filled his imagination and tricked the senses of his un-shapely nose which had been broken many times over in combat. Upon closing his eyes to embrace her the Atlantean sea captain’s voice broke his dreamy state.
“The first titan becomes visible, chosen one. How will you have us docked upon arrival? The injured are in dire need of our priests’ assistance.” With excitement the first chosen’s large elongated skull swung wildly around, at sight of the golden titan mega structure’s immortal face he released a quiet sigh of joyful relief. Thu’Ra stood up from the wooden box towering above Eba, the chosen was a giant compared to his company. 
Without breaking his fixation upon the gold titan’s face Thu’Ra spoke to his captain in the only tongue he knew and understood. “The kings of Atl’An wait for me beneath the temple of Poseidon, Eba, have the ships that carry the injured harboured in the docks of Tyram. Ensure to it personally they are given the aid they require, and have their names and the names of the fallen written in the books of history; their deeds shall be remembered for all of time.”
“I’ll see to it chosen one; should I send a messenger ahead of us to inform Atl’As of your victories in the west?”
His leader did not reply, he cared little for his own prominence. Thu’Ra did not know war until it was too late. Dedication to his ancient king and respect for the honours which were bestowed upon him trapped him. War was something he despised so much, though he convinced himself he fought for the welfare of his people and it was enough to see him fulfil Atl’As’ commandments guiltlessly.
The gold of the first titan glistened gloriously under the bright night time stars, it stood with arms held up and palms spread, holding up the skies of the world. Thu’Ra clutched the cross of his home that had been gifted to him by his love upon the eve of their binding ever tighter. He stared at the wondrous statue from within his etched skull. It stood amidst the centre canal of Atlantis upon white glinting gypsum pillars; they rose majestically out of the manmade waterway supporting the gigantic feat of engineering that had taken a generation to complete. 
Twenty feet to either side of the pillars the outer walls of the Atlantean capital began. Approaching the city from the water the walls appeared as though they rose straight out of the ocean, for they were constructed upon the very edge of the landmass. They encircled the entire city, breaking only to give way to three other canals, each flowing from both the ocean and greater island which stretched off to the north east. Each man made canal flowed to the centre of Atlantis, allowing water to course freely throughout the city for all kinds of irrigation and social means.
The brass covered outer walls, which curved very slightly inwards giving the appearance of a roofed dome, rose sixty feet into the skies all about the city. The smooth dim golden tint gave the entire place an appearance of alien origin, so masterfully enclosed and well designed it was. 
“Make haste my companions, you are men of reverence now. You each have my greatest respect for your loyalty. We are home.” Smiling at those upon his bow ship the first chosen turned back to look outwards from the reed vessel’s beak. His crew immediately cheered and with a new found fervour heaved their fleet across the calm Atlantic Ocean. The excitement in Thu’Ra’s mind blocked out most thoughts of anything rational, he knew the quicker his men rowed down the centre canal of Atlantis the sooner he could rest his gaze upon Kotu.
In an abrupt outburst just beside Thu’Ra the haunting tone of his people’s horn of war bellowed out across the water. Eba blew into the cylinder with all his might, his brown face glowing red for the moment. The veins in his neck and forehead looked ready to burst. The horns unique design gave it a deep groaning sound that carried upon the wind for many miles, whilst a second chamber released a horrifically high pitch that would cause a man unaccustomed to its resonance to cringe with a wince of disgust. When combined the sound was like nothing natural the Atlanteans knew.
Moments after the desecrating pitch sounded out another plain horn groaned from within the walls of the magnificent city. A number of small boats became scarcely visible moving from between the gypsum pillars of the first titan, and firelights momentarily after lit up, giving a clear view of the homeward bound heroes return route. The subduing fatigue of endless days rowing evaporated from their systems at the sight for the thought of their beds and families numbed their bodies. With all that was left of their resolve they lugged the boats into a slip stream flowing between the titan’s golden legs. 
It was not until they floated between the gigantic platforms that the beauty of Atlantis’ outer districts became visible. A glistening white gypsum walkway ran alongside the water’s edge of the centre canal’s turquoise stream, leading right up to the centre isle of Atlantis, and joining at the head of the canal, continued on to the very base of Poseidon’s temple.
Atlantean horns could now be heard far off in the distance, all about the city, and all along the canal fires began to burn brightly. Just past the widths of the gypsum walkways lines of gargantuan white pillars upheld the roofs of great temples leading along the waterfront in each district. In an outbreak of chatter and excited shouts flocks of Atlantean citizens suddenly appeared from amidst the temple pillars, they rushed onto the vast pristine walkways to hail their first chosen.
The crowds were so numerous their speech blocked out even the resonance of roaring horns, with them masses of white horses and lambs were lead to the water’s edge. The white clothed citizens began cheering and calling out their first chosen’s name. Thousands flocked the gypsum pavements carrying baskets and bundles full of foods and spices that they hurriedly rested upon the canal surface in offer to those returning from war. Plentiful hampers full of fruits and nuts, oranges, bananas, coconuts, chestnuts and an unending range of other edible platters were let to float out towards the vessels incoming.
With an eruption of wild flapping, birds burst from the first district and beyond the second pristine tin lined wall of Thu’Ra’s home. Giant albatross were released into the sky in their hundreds, and as the heavens became engulfed in a display of heavily beating wings a second flock of birds were released into the sky in twice the numbers. Atlantic puffins now flew up rapidly amidst the giant albatross, and as quickly as they had been released, in numbers twice as many as the puffins, tropical birds of all imaginable colours were hurled upwards between the white canvas that blocked out the darkness of the sky. The colours mingled and expanded exploding a great display of twisting entertainment above the soldier’s heads on such a grand scale that it captivated the men rowing their reed boats, greatly slowing up the congregation of returning ships.
The crowds now completely filled the gypsum walkway of the primary canal, continuing to cheer whilst the flocking birds generated a vast display above their heads. Thu’Ra’s boat floated past the second wall of his home that encircled the second district. This tin lined wall, which curved at its pinnacle much more steeply than the copper, giving the impression that it folded over the inner canal as a tunnel, was so well buffed and kept that it reflected the gypsum stone buildings and walkways with a staggering potency. Even under the darkness of night the wall’s bright reflection lit up the city like a never diminishing flame left to burn in the midst of a pitch black chamber.
Passing between the glistening tin lined walls of the second district the huge golden statue of his god became visible in the black sky, dimly reflecting the flickering firelight at the base of the temple upon which the statue rested. Poseidon’s wise eyes glared out eternally along the length of the city’s central canal. It would be yet another several hundred feet along the waterway however before Thu’Ra could relive the moment he had dreamt of near every passing moment away from the secure compounds of his home.
Whilst the crowds continued to flock from the pillars along Atlantis’ central canal, and their chants and screams resonated above all other sounds in the city, Thu’Ra looked back at his bow ships. Eba had since traversed between vessels and joined the lead ship that held the injured Atlanteans. The first chosen nodded at his captain before they turned into the second circular canal system that ran parallel on the inside of the bright tin wall.
The seventh king of Atlantis, Tyram, was a man of great faith; his district was comprised near completely of temples and chapels, catacombs and cleansing houses in which the injured could be tended to and the dead put to rest. Twenty six of the twenty seven bow ships turned a sharp right, following the canal to the harbour in the inner district of Atlantis. Only his own boat now continued rowing down the centre canal. 
The third and final, inner wall of Atlantis, which encircled the inner canal and landmass, all crafted in an unknown number of hours by masterfully skilled craftsmen and labourers, was constructed of pure orichalcum. Bar the colour spectrum flowing through the wall when looked through at certain angles upon a sunny day, the impeccable structure was perfectly transparent. Although the majority of its citizens were restricted from entering the midst of the city they each had an un-obscured view of all that occurred upon its isle.
The wall did not always stand as the middle and outer walls did upon construction of the infinitely grand city, bridges once passed to the centre island and the residents of Atlantis were welcome and free to pray to their god at the very base of his temple, though the temple itself was never accessible. With each passing generation a stranger and stranger secrecy began to enshroud Atl’As and the temple. As people began to whisper of his immortality and question the truth, it was announced that a prophecy had been told, the bridges must be relinquished and the island left to Poseidon and his sons.
The temple’s gypsum pillars resided atop a fertile hill of greenery that lead visibly down to the manmade structures, encircling the outskirts of the glistening white harbour walkway, far away from the temple of Poseidon. The island was little more than a mile across, cut perfectly circular, as was the rest of the city. Upon this isle Atl’As and his closest kin resided, there were few structures other than the temple itself at the midst. It was inhabited only by the most revered of Atlantean citizens.
The moment Thu’Ra had dreamt of suddenly struck his eyes. In the midst of the darkness, far ahead of him past the harbour that encircled the heart of his home, the figures of those waiting for their chosen’s return stood. He no longer saw the faces of the ever massing crowds, nor the colourful display above his head, he did not hear his people chanting his name nor the orchestra of horns resonating across his home. There was only one face he saw now.
There stood his love, her bright blue eyes glared across the canal from where she had stood all day, every day, since her life partner had departed from the city’s port.
Thu’Ra gazed upon her and the troubles of his mind evaporated. His first born son stood by her side clutching at a golden dress that hung loosely from Kotu’s tall slim frame. She held his second son in her arms, the chosen stuttered at sight of him playing with her thick blonde locks, cascading over her shoulders and down her back. Thu’Ra had yet to see his youngest son or hold him in his arms for he had been born whilst his father was away in the west. Kotu’s delicate face displayed a subtly broken smile and as her eyes welled with tears she did not know whether to laugh or cry at the sight of her hero.
The first chosen did not break eye contact with Kotu nor move a muscle until his vessel had at last come to rest within the harbour beneath the temple of Poseidon.
The reed woven boat came to a steady halt at a stairwell leading up to the walkway surrounding the inner isle of Atlantis. Thu’Ra stepped onto the glistening stone floor still staring at his life partner. Kotu handed her youngest son to a servant and stood waiting to be embraced. She pressed her lips together, smiling uncontrollably. Unable to refrain from being overcome with raw emotion a stream of tears fell down her dimpled cheeks.
Exhausted, he lurched across the pavement and they embraced. For much time he held her, although she was tall his enormous muscularity still dwarfed her; she relished his strong controlled grip about her that never failed to give a feeling of safety that she knew not from another person.
Opening his eyes he looked down to see his eldest son looking up at him, as though he was looking up into the clouds at a giant. Thu’Ra released his grip from Kotu and knelt down the great distance to look upon his son at his own head height. He rested a heavy hand upon his shoulder.
“The star of Poseidon is bright tonight, my boy.” Thu’Ra smiled at Thu’Rus though the child shyly clutched upon his mother’s dress in silence. The chosen’s face fell to gloom before Kotu stepped forward and kissed his cheek, taking his hand she turned about and lead him towards the pathway that lead all the way up to the glistening pillars of the temple at the very heart of Atlantis. 
With the crowds still cheering at their first chosen’s return, Atl’As, and the nine kings of Atlantis retired to the temple of Poseidon with their loyal subjects following in silence.



Within the temple a great banquet was laid out. The company hurried into their places at the enormous table, sitting upon golden plated grand chairs surrounding the white clothed woodwork. 
At the head sat Atl’As, his face covered by a golden mask that was a scaled down replica of the face of Poseidon. To his immediate right rest the priest king, Tetu’Ra, opposite the queen of the third district, and his life partner; Ma’At. The eldest brother of Atl’As and his queen laid the laws of the majestic city, though Tetu’Ra had created much controversy amidst the Atlantean sovereign. In recent times he suggested that the sun, as opposed to Poseidon, was the true ruler of all things, that it was the true herald of life.
His knowledge of the stars and his study and understanding of nature were matched by none, yet in his enthusiasm to share his theories he found only disdain for the very idea of shunning the Atlantean god. His brother had forgiven him, but he knew, for all the time Tetu’Ra remained within the walls of his city, the people would never forget.
Atl’As’ aged hand raised a golden chalice and a frail voice of the shadow of a once eminent hero broke the silence of the beautifully decorated feasting chamber.
“Here’s to Thu’Ra, first chosen of the kings of Atl’An, servants of Poseidon, responsible for the successes of our expeditions abroad.” HERE the word rang out across the table as every one of the elongated skulls tilted back and took a sip of fine wine. “Tell me, my child, how went your valiant excursions in the west?” Thu’Ra rested a hand to his chest and nodded across the table at his king; he had so much respect for the man whom he looked upon as a father, for he had never known his own.
“My king,” he raised his golden chalice, “here’s to the unsung heroes who gave their lives for Atl’An.” Here this cheer was merely mumbled amongst the sovereign much to Thu’Ra’s disappointment; though Atl’As himself gave a hearty shout to salute his chosen’s announcement. “In short, your eminence, our expedition to the west was a great success. We now boast harbours all along the eastern shores of the southern mass of Amek’Ra. Our reports tell us the north is still  scarcely accessible, and holds little resource under its soils, unlike the south which is abundant and rich in ores and minerals. Still, another source of orichalcum evades us.”
“You are well spoken, Thu’Ra,” although nobody was aware, the old king was smiling proudly at his chosen one, who as Thu’Ra looked upon him as a father, he too looked upon the man as a son. “Let us begin.” With a sharp authoritative gesture his royal servants hurriedly went about placing the freshly spit banquet out amongst the revered company. An aroma of sizzling elephant hide and bovine cuts that lined the table caused Thu’Ra’s stomach to grumble in excitement. He had grown accustomed to the pangs of hunger whilst away in the west, though with so much enticing food basked in front of him he could not help but long to have the succulence of the hot dishes thrown into his mouth.
He glanced briefly at Kotu who sat entranced in her life partner’s eyes, she stared dreamily at him putting an enormous smile across his face. As the servants worked he felt the desire to learn of what news he had missed whilst away from home.
“How progresses the Equi’Dae, my king?” Atl’As had removed the lower half of his mask to enjoy the food placed before him, revealing just how aged he was, the skin sagged away from his once prominent jaw line yet his teeth remained a healthy white amidst the light brown of his complexion. Before Atl’As had chance to respond the immature tone of his son, Imr’As, yelled out, his anger focused towards a handmaiden.
“I expect the food to be diced in preparation to eat, I do not simply wish it to be shovelled onto my plate!” The tone of it still peaked at peculiar pitches for the boys coming of age was evidently not yet entire, still he was ignored by all that sat, his father did not even give him a glance of recognition, his proud gaze remained upon Thu’Ra.
“A matter I would prefer to discuss in the privacy of a much smaller company, Thu’Ra, let me say this, however, the inventors within the district of Atu’Rus have put the refined orichalcum to much use,” a brief moment of silence cut the king’s sentence. “It’s a shame we run short on the resource for its properties are invaluable.” While Atl’As spoke Thu’Ra felt Kotu’s warm foot make contact with his shin, she repeatedly and slowly ran the base of it up to the inside of his knee and back.
“Were there many injured, Thu’Ra?” This time Tyram spoke to the first chosen from across the expanse of the grand table, their eyes met and he stared formally into them as they communed.
“Far more than I would have wished for, your eminence, many were lost in combat and few returned to health in the time we were away. Once the natives of the southern landmass were subdued however we persuaded them to fight for us and the tides of battle quickly turned.” Thu’Ra paused for a moment. Memories of his expedition flooded his mind, though the constant sensation of his life partner’s touch threw his concentration off. “The people there, though primitive, had a rich history. Through images they attempted to explain their past. The north of the continent, though scarcely habitable, was overcame by masses of raiders from the west of their western shores, in vessels larger than entire towns and cities. Although the natives never dwelled upon the northern mass for it is heavily frozen, as more and more of the yellow men came from beyond the ocean all the tribes of the land retreated into the forest, never to return to the north.” Atl’As had stopped eating and rested both his hands in a fist under his chin. The history of other cultures fascinated him. In his day he had strode above all else upon excursions to faraway lands to discover the history of his world.
“Was there more, Thu’Ra?” The first chosen shook his elongated skull lightly, disappointed in himself that he could not further his king’s interests.
“I had little time to settle, my king, it was a pressing task to distribute our men and settle amongst the endless trees of the Amek coasts. Eba, my sea captain, spent much time with the captives and their tribes. Perhaps an audience with him might be of pleasure to you.” Atl’As nodded his head satisfactorily.
“Eat and rejoice, my chosen, be sure to take as many indulgencies as you may upon this eve, for at first light we must discuss some matters of grave importance.”
“Of course, my king, I am at your service.” He briefly glanced at Kotu who now looked down at her plate of food; she relieved her foot from his leg looking most sullen. Thu’Ra went quiet at Atl’As’ words for he knew he was not going to be in the comfort of his home for long. It seemed the kings of Atlantis were already aware of the plans too, for the rest of the evening they made small talk upon irrelevant matters, as if to avoid acknowledging he was to be burdened with a daunting task.
Whilst they sat and communed, Thu’Ra attempted to put the troubled thoughts of what might lie ahead of him out of his mind, and enjoy what time he had with his life partner and his king.
Once the magnificent feast had ended Thu’Ra took a hasty leave with Kotu out of the temple of Poseidon. They hurried back to their own gypsum home which was a spectacle alone. So tall and impressively constructed, the huge pillars upheld a vast walkway which lead into a great open chamber painted dark red within. A small fire burned constantly bellowing smoke outwards from the extending gypsum chimney pipe, subtly disguised as a pillar upholding the roof of the building.
A young servant who watched over their children was quickly dismissed and Thu’Ra took a moment to take them both to their resting chamber. The youngest of them was scooped up into his enormous arms with the greatest ease whilst his first born walked with them through to their bed. Kotu followed, and standing in the doorway of the large chamber, with a smile that stretched from one ear to the other, watched her love with their children.
The giant effortlessly lifted them onto a large feather packed mattress and laying them down gently pulled a thick woollen blanket over them. Thu’Rus looked up and starred at his father for a moment before quietly speaking.
“Did you kill many men at war, father?” Kneeling, the colossus rested an arm upon his children’s bed; his gaze fell away from the boy, he had no answer for his son that he would wish him to hear. It was not until his life partner spoke that the silence was broken.
“Your father is tired, my dearest, you may ask him your questions in tomorrow’s light.” She elegantly moved across the cold stone floors and kissed her children upon their heads, she strained with great effort to raise her life partner from his distanced state. Extinguishing the fire light she took his hand and lead him through to their private chamber.
With his children at rest Thu’Ra sat upon his bed holding lightly upon Kotu’s hips, he looked over her in silence until their gaze met and he stared into her deep blue eyes. 
“He asks me of war with such excitement.” He looked away from her with a glum expression.
“He’s just a child, my love, he knows not of the burden which you carry.” Without saying another word she released the golden clinch that held her thin dress around her body. It fell to the floor revealing the slender frame that Thu’Ra had imagined the dimensions of perfectly each night before sleeping beneath the stars in the west. He ran his hands delicately over her stomach and traced the faint marks where her stretched skin had not long ago bore his youngest son. Kissing her belly button softly he looked up once more to see tears rolling down her cheeks.
The giant grasped her hand pulling her onto their bed on her knees over him. He wiped the watery streams away with the lightest touch and kissed her passionately before Kotu pulled away from him for but a brief moment. She leaned back and with an arched arm grasped at her golden hair, sliding it up and off of her bald elongated skull. The lovers slid under the covers to embrace each other as they had longed to since Thu’Ra’s departure to Amek’Ra, though despite his desires, the thoughts of his leaders’ words and what might lay ahead of him deeply troubled his mind. 


Chapter 2. 

The sons of Hephaestus rejoiced in a sudden torrent of rainfall that shed across the blood bogged fields of Arillia, their skin relieved of the reddened earth plastering them from head to foot. The warlord of Greece looked up into the heavens at a looming flock of crows darkening the grey skies, waiting to feast upon the fetid corpses many meters beneath. The dead lined the ground for as far as their black eyes allowed them to see, yet they would not land until all signs of life had dispersed from the strife ridden field, still plagued by the whimpers of a thousand dying men.
“You are Arbicos?” A wilting peasant cried kneeling before the Hellenic warrior, his clean robes rapidly soaking up the red from the drenched grounds. The warlord did not speak, he nodded at the man without meeting his gaze; his blood shot eyes were flooded with water, not a mark on his face, merely a look of lost hope. “Your name echoes across Europa. The neutrals say you are their saviour, our enemy’s say you are Hades himself.” The pale stranger reached out his arms mercifully.
The young warlord stood with a raised chin, splaying his thick neck, as the oath he took before his pathetic king rang out in his mind. Never turned off, he was tortured by thoughts of sin and despair, but he knew not how to rest, how to stop fulfilling his oath:

I bleed the blood of our makers, for my country, and all of the Hellenes. My sword is my dynasty, my shield the walls of our nation. My life for the Athenians, my spirit never diminishing, to the death in war. I take this pledge to stand as the protector of Greece, its people, and its king. 

The Athenians said that Arbicos’ shield alone was half the wall of their nation. A legend in his own time, he was revered by all who whispered his name.
The face of the man had never been touched by a blade nor stricken by any means for he fought with impeccable wit and calm, though every face he had ever relinquished of life grieved him in his dreams and haunted his every footstep. Killing came so naturally to the warlord, yet with every life he took, he stepped closer to taking his own. From his first kill to his last the warrior suffered a personal grief unknown to his peers; his thoughts were dark and his depressive misery darker.
The unrivalled warrior turned about to look at his men, many already looking upon his absent gaze for a signal to their next actions, he raised up his shield and roared with might. For as far as they stood the war cry reverberated, his loyal troops joining him in celebration. Apart from the heavy belt of his makers that a warlord was accustomed to wear, merely marching amongst his people he was undistinguishable. Every soldier of the Athenian army was of impressive physical appearance, and the dark hair and black eyes of his men were most common amongst Hellenic society. 
His own eyes were heavily baggy for an inability to secure a peaceful nights rest. Guilt and hatred enthralled him and bound him to a solitary existence, often only being seen during times of war. On the field of battle however the warlord was a changed man, the shadows of his past and present dissipated as the adrenaline of combat surged through his veins and brought all the darkness that subdued him with it to be unleashed upon his unfortunate foes; it was in the heat of battle that the warlord burned brightly amongst his soldiers.
“Shall I reform the men, warlord?” Chroniclus, the warlord’s loyal troop captain spluttered with heavy breaths at Arbicos who nodded dreamily, then spoke himself, his voice rumbling like rolling thunder.
“Gather them, Chroniclus, we march north. The Egyptians send an emissary to our shores with grave news, in three eves time Arbephest speaks, we must make haste.” Returning the gesture his tall captain turned about, and with a mighty call ushered the troops towards their leader.
These recent times had been the darkest Arbicos had seen; strange events were occurring across his lands in both the skies and within the ground. The Hellenes were used to tranquil weathers all year round, and few tremors beneath their fertile soil, yet within these passing months the country had witnessed a horrific splitting of the very earth that once lined its home and erratic weather patterns that ignored the seasonal cycles. The skies had become dark and peculiar colours amidst the clouds kept men of all walks of life on edge. Very few had lived in an age when the thin air above them resonated with the sounds of great sea beasts.
Beneath the warlord’s army, though in a time when the people within the Pillars of Hercules recognised the north as the south, and the east as the west, as the Egyptians believed that the latitudes of the earth laid so, rested a vast countryside of seldom touched tranquillity. The wilds were as dangerous to a man as a battlefield for beasts of all imaginable forms lurked amongst the flora.
The Athenian army hastily reformed their lines in preparation to march home. They had scarcely lost of a man of Arbicos’ thousand soldier troop for their discipline in combat was unseen anywhere else in the world, they were born warriors, and served their warlord and country with an incorruptible devotion.
Four males who had fallen in Arillia were lifted upon quickly crafted wooden stretchers and carried alternately by the ranks of Athenian troops. Their lost brothers would be given the burial of a Hellenic warrior once they reached their home in Cele.
Despite minor injuries many of Arbicos’ troops had suffered, the men held their ranks and the great task of marching home began. It was once a five day journey from the borders of Europa back to Cele, however in the passing weeks a horrendous tear had parted the north and south of Greece, leaving a huge outcrop at its northern mass. Hellenic travellers were now forced to travel north east into the harbour of Taloma, a trade town located on the south east coast of Greece, and sail down the east side of the country, and across the small expanse of ocean that now divided the land mass. The Athenian territory was no longer, but for a small corridor of land that connected the country at its western stretch, attached to the rest of the Hellenes. Though few of the nation’s people truly knew of this, the news was spreading quickly.
The catastrophic eruption and flooding of the land had caused an uproar amongst philosophers and priests and prophecy tellers, in the chaos Arillia was invaded, for the usurpers assumed that the Athenians would be in disorder and perhaps, for a brief moment, fail to keep the free world liberated.
Arbicos walked ahead of his men, he held no interest in the common guffaws nor shameless talk he heard many of them so frequently partake in. His solitary existence and lack of interaction laid an even greater aura of mystery about him. There were very few with whom he was accustomed to addressing as a friend or whose company he took pleasure in. His memories alone were enough to send him into a downward spiral of subduing darkness. 
Despite an endless effort to avoid his misery there were thoughts of one thing he could never prevent from plaguing his mind. The mental wounds left upon him by his own father and thoughts of his childhood scarred him above all else, he had never known what it was to be praised, not even as little as a nod of acknowledgement.
For much of his early life his father had treated him like an animal, to give you strength were the words he used. The desire to see his child rise to prominence drove him to brutally beat Arbicos until he had attained his place amongst the Athenian ranks, even then he showed no sign of recognition to his son.
Unbeknown to the warlord, it was the proudest moment of his father’s life, to watch in his dying days his first born son stand as protector of all the Hellenes. The death of his father as he stepped up to this post left the warlord bitter, for it was his father’s force that had drove him to this position. Upon his death he lost the right to grow out of his grip and bare him witness to those things that he had no control over.
From his childhood memories to what he was as a grown man, he hated himself and the fate that had been put upon him by the makers, seething with a bitterness that rarely resided. The warrior often seemed as though he was in a hesitance trance, but in reality it was an intent focus to avoid his mind straying away from the only light he knew that dispersed the darkness.
There was a particular urgency and stride to Arbicos’ movements, so much so his army struggled to keep up pace for the fatigue of battle and burden of carrying the dead, though his men knew not of his purpose.
The young male suddenly froze before a thick outcrop of shrubbery and knelt upon one knee, raising his arm up he displayed a clenched fist. Instantaneously the ranks of his men seized their advance and followed his lead; Chroniclus made haste ahead of the troop and knelt with his leader to observe the reason for their abrupt halt. His soldiers rested with spear tips prepared, leaning violently outwards upon a united wall of shields enclosed like the chitinous back of a giant arthropod.
They wore no helmets, no armour, no coloured garbs nor anything that displayed a suggestion of vanity or superficial means. They crafted with bronze, dedicated smiths, said to have been passed down from Hephaestus himself. Spears tipped with razor sharp bronze heads and impenetrable shields that overwhelmed the most steadfast of enemies, their sword blades could behead a man with the lightest effort. These were the weapons of no primitive warriors, but of a nation that had been honing its art for millennia. To the death in war was not just a recital by a warlord, it was the way of life for any who rose to the ranks of the Athenian military.
“By Athena, I thought they were no more, warlord.” Without saying a word Arbicos raised his hand again, displaying five digits. The front five men of his troop made their way forward and knelt with their leader. Arbicos whispered to them, his deep voice calm and authoritative.
“We rush from the bushes to startle it, be ready to defend yourselves whoever it goes for, we will slay it from behind when it focuses upon you.” He rose his other arm up with a closed palm to signal the rest of his men to come forward and hold. Before they moved a sudden wind flooded through them carrying with it a bitter chill unlike any the Hellenic men had ever known. 
The discomfort of the moment distracted Arbicos as the lightest, coldest touch landed upon his shoulder. Every man looked up into the sky which had become engulfed in thick pink clouds, and upon them from above drifted the lightest snow, though it was thin spread, the men had only ever heard stories of such weather in their life. To see it falling for the first time struck some with fear, and others with amazement.
Arbicos looked at Chroniclus with puzzled expression. “Ice from the sky?”
“Perhaps it’s a sign from Hephaestus, warlord.” His gaze drifted away and for a moment appeared lost in thought before springing to life.
“Up!” His selected warriors sprang from the bushes to surround their target.
The huge lion did not flinch as the Athenians rushed from the foliage; he rose calmly from his resting position revealing a litter of kin. His aged gaze locked upon Arbicos, the cubs he guarded had no idea what his grizzled face had seen, nor had he memory of it. What blood had poured from his healed wounds to secure them this moment in existence. There was no hope for him; his resilience to conflict had reached its peak long ago, though protecting his young would have certainly brought about his last efforts of strength. Lost amongst the Athenians the male had no need to fight, for his last stand was obvious. He would have fought to the finish against sword or claw. 
Arbicos stared into the eyes of the animal, a shiver cut through him for he could only imagine what the warrior had experienced in its time. He looked at the lion king and imagined his country if his own leader had such natural prestige. His men could have gathered around the colossal animal and slain it, but he respected it, for all that it lived for was not so dissimilar to his own existence. Nodding at Chroniclus, and gesturing that his men avoid conflict with the fearless beast they each stepped with utmost delicacy around the barren ground upon which the animal stood.
In every direction the men looked the wilderness was scarce of wildlife, it seemed that nature was aware of the great king resting amidst. Not far past the enclosed dead shrubbery the ground led to a ridge which Arbicos quickly discovered dropped sharply down a small distance onto an incredibly fertile green plateau. From the sight of the skilfully crafted blockades, encircling a vast wooden building that dwarfed many structures he had ever seen, he knew he must have stumbled across a Hellenic smallholding. 
Not a living soul moved across the plane though the warlord was eager for the prospect of his troops gaining a moment of safe rest for their troubles in Arillia.
“Lead the troops, captain; I’ll join you once all are accounted for.” Chroniclus nodded at his leader and was the first to scale down the grey rock ridge. The men flooded down the terrain like ants.
Chroniclus approached the defensive barricades of the property which had been fashioned into immense wooden spikes, most likely in an effort to deter the beasts of the wild. Upon approach a starched voice yelled out causing the captain to slow his pace.
“If you’re raiders I advise you turn about now. You’ll find little here other than the sharp of my blade.” Chroniclus was undeterred by the threats that came from beyond the barricade yet he had no interest in causing fright to one of his countrymen; he looked fifty meters back and saw that the last troops had scaled the ridge. Suddenly the captain noticed a pair of eyes appear gazing through a gap in the woodwork that was little more than five feet from the ground.
“We are the sons of Hephaestus, returning from war in Europa, we intend you no trouble.” Chroniclus looked at the black eyes through the gap.
“Then you’ll be on your way -” The male suddenly paused and turned his gaze away from the captain. Chroniclus heard the footsteps of his warlord pass him by and immediately the blockade creaked and groaned as the owner released a crude rope and pulley system that scarcely held a derelict looking doorway in place. As it lifted and crashed with unrestrained force Arbicos was shocked to see a short man stood before him, he had the muscular mass and width of three of his finest soldiers. “Warlord... Arbicos?” He lowered the bronze short sword that was of military design and stood to attention. 
The Athenian’s lost face stared at the man, his intense sorrow ridden gaze pierced him and he could not look back for more than a brief moment. “They said you were young. From where do you return, my lord? May I be of service to supply your troops with a source of water?” Arbicos nodded slowly before speaking.
“If it’s of no trouble, sir, we march home from Arillia. What’s your name?”
“Dorian,” he nodded, “I was under the service of warlord Crastan when we defeated the last rebellions of the west. Come; bring your men beyond the wall before the cats skin their flesh from their bones.” Although their numbers were great there was ample room upon the grounds of the aging man’s property to harbour them all. While the last of them entered the wooden gateway Arbicos noticed a figure disturb his peripheral vision. It was a female dressed in simple linen clothing.
“Who are these men, Dorian?” She called, her voice so quiet and sweet that she strained to make it heard.
“They are the sons of Hephaestus, my dear! They march from the south, homeward bound, they require water.” Suddenly Arbicos noticed a second figure appear from the woodwork of the enormous hand built house. He first mistook him to be a man for his size matched his father’s, as his face became visible however he noticed the fattened, rosy cheeks of an uncertain child. Dorian noticed the warlord looking past and turned himself to look upon his family. “Come down here, lad,” he lifted his arm to usher his son and the boy came obediently. “This is warlord Arbicos, son, a renowned warrior; that belt he wears” he pointed vaguely towards the heavy buckle, “displays the emblem of the sons of Hephaestus. The same emblem that your old man served under in days gone by.” He rested a hand upon his son’s shoulder who was yet to speak.
“He must soon be prepared himself to step forward as a soldier of Greece.” Arbicos stood with his shield tucked to his side, clutching at the hilt of his short sword.
“Not likely!” The unbelievably wide man pulled his son closer to him who stood at the same height and nearly the same width as his father. “The boy is little past his fourteenth harvest, I’ll have the pleasure of looking upon his un-warn face for some harvests to come, though I shall make a truly formidable soldier of him yet.” Arbicos twinged slightly at the thoughts of his own father’s methods of making a soldier out of him. By now the female had joined the two men and Dorian rested his spare arm around her. “This is my wife, Amares.” 
She looked shyly at Arbicos, her pale hazel eyes mesmerised him, he felt a sudden moment of guilt for he had never in his life been so drawn to a gaze since first looking upon his wife some harvests past. She was an immeasurable touch shorter than her husband, the same height as Haedra, her dress skilfully tied to effortlessly flaunt her impressive assets though Arbicos had no interest in ogling. The same could not be said for many of his soldiers. The female held a striking resemblance to the young warlord’s wife that captivated him. After some hesitance he spoke up.
“We shall not trespass your land long, I assure you, the water you offer would be much appreciated then we’ll be on our way, if it’s of no disrespect to your expectations.”
“Certainly not, warlord, it’s an honour to know I’ve contributed to the sons of Hephaestus after so many harvests out of service.” Dorian lead Arbicos around the back of his plantation, in which a large stream flowed water into a vast lake, it was crystal clear and had been irrigated skilfully to enable easy extraction from an enormous water deposit.
“How long have you been out here, Dorian?” Despite his solitude, the warlord was a skilled linguist and had little trouble socialising.
“Six harvests past this one, warlord. I lived in the hills below Panthea, married Amares before I left to join the war effort in the west, and gave up my arms upon return. It may be less honourable living the life of a farmhand, but to see my son come of age gives me greater pleasure than seeing men die at the edge of my blade.” Arbicos nodded at the male’s words.
“You need not feel less honourable because you gave up arms, my friend, you served our country as any other man has or will. The last of the western liberation in Europa was my first march to war -” The warlord’s speech hastily resided as his gaze drifted into oblivion.
“Beg your pardon, my lord?” The wide male gripped a large wooden bucket in each of his huge hands and stepped towards the edge of the waterline. Arbicos shook his head dreamily.
“How did you know I was Arbicos?” Dorian was kneeling at this point filling his buckets. He stopped his action and rested an arm upon one knee.
“Warlord Arbephest was my captain in the west,” he shook his head. “I’ve never in my life witnessed a man who had such bloodlust surging through his veins. Thought he was crazy myself. I hear news when trading, your name above most others. I know what that big bastard looks like, leaving just one other.” Even in his distanced state this comment put a light smile upon Arbicos’ face. “Can I ask you something, warlord?” The young male did not look at the man nor speak however nodded as Dorian looked up through squinting eyes. “Have your men noticed anything strange in the skies in these recent times?”
“The skies have been most peculiar; the colours of them worry me as much as they worry any other man.”
“I don’t speak of the skies themselves, lord,” he rose from the waterside and handed Arbicos one of the heavy pales of water. “I’ve seen,” the wide male looked down at his reflection in the remaining bucket he held. “I’m sure I’ve seen them, in the darkest hours of the morning. Boats, in the sky.” Though he did not say it, Arbicos assumed the male was of the greatest sincerity, but of a troubled mind, as he had seen succumb many veterans of war. He shook his head slowly before looking to meet the stranger’s gaze.
“I’ve not seen nor heard reports of such things, sir; you’ve not once seen them in the clear of day?” The huge male mumbled something and shook his head repeatedly. He quickly filled two more buckets, and handing a second to Arbicos lead the warlord back around the plantation towards his troops.
“Do you have a wife of your own, warlord? If you don’t mind me asking.” Dorian did not turn his head as he walked ahead of Arbicos.
“Not at all, I do indeed have a wife; we’re due our first child in the coming days.” This time the veteran did turn his head briefly to smile at his guest.
“Is she of a -” he paused for a brief moment in thought, “high name?” The warlord shook his head before he answered though Dorian did not see.
“No.” So unique you are, Arbicos, and you will let it all away for the touch of an unrefined miller’s daughter. His father’s words cut into him still despite them being uttered so long ago. “We met upon my first return from the west, on the outskirts of Cele.” Dorian laughed lightly at his words taking pleasure in the exchange of stories.
“I’m sure she’s a beauty to behold.” The young male did not reply to his host, the image of his wife’s thick untamed hair flailing with her wild laughter filled his mind dispersing the heavy press of dark thoughts for a moment.
Arbicos’ troops drank the water without hesitance and each said their thanks to Dorian and his family who joined them.
“What’s your name, boy?” Arbicos looked at Dorian’s son, the boy would never forget those eyes, that empty gaze, it was like looking into a black void of misery.
“Dorian.” He spoke up, and Arbicos knew his father’s word was not one to be questioned. The high pitch of it so greatly mismatched to the sheer size of his maturing body. The warlord raised a hand and placed it upon his shoulder before briefly forcing a vacant smile.
“Look after your old man, Dorian.” Arbicos nodded at the boy then looked briefly at his father and mother; nodding once more he turned about and signalled his men leave the plantation grounds. “We make haste to Taloma, men; keep up pace, I wish to arrive before nightfall!” The frost that fell from the heavens and the chilling blow of the wild winds had completely dissipated and once more the strength of the sun broke through the thick pink clouds. Arbicos’ army reformed their lines with immediate obedience and the trek onwards towards their destination resumed.



It was not until pitch dark that Arbicos cast gaze upon the streets of Taloma. It was a small town, un-barricaded upon the land for it had never once in all the history of its foundation come under attack from raiders. Its borders and streets were always lit up by firelight due to it being a well used harbour, all be it minute in comparison to some of the other major coastal towns of the Hellenes.
The simple houses stood no more than ten feet tall; each crafted into simple cube structures of clay. The single entrances to each building were enclosed by reed woven doors. The housing shaped out uncomplicated mud streets which laid no more than twelve feet apart in any area, some as close as six, however the generally hot weather of the Hellene’s made them firm and easy to travel upon. All knowledge in building design had been passed to the Hellenes from the Egyptians who prided themselves in cultural development.
Beyond the streets that mapped the small town, between simple wooden gates leading down to the docks of Taloma, a young male rested upon a giant palomino. Arbicos immediately recognised the figure, it was Haedra’s nephew, and he rushed to greet him with a gripping arm clasp.
“Listos, what brings you to Taloma?” Listos was a small boy with curling brown hair, his father was a smith in Cele, and though he detested it, he learned the trade under him.
“Come, Arbicos, a ship awaits you, Haedra has fallen into the nursing house. Emartes says she’s due in the coming days, if we ride hard we’ll make good time.” The warlord’s face was wiped of distress. He stared at Listos with a glowing excitement. He turned to look back at his men but his view was blocked out by his towering captain.
“Go, warlord, we’ll set sail at first light.” Chroniclus grinned at Arbicos and the two men grasped arms before their renowned leader turned to follow his kin to the small trade boat that had escorted him here.
As the warlord walked a sensation surged through him like nothing he knew, as though a great internal struggle was being lifted from his shoulders. In his first born a new life would grow and his own misery could be poured away as he brought good to his own child.
The battle in Europa had been settled with little trouble, there were no more usurpers, perhaps, he dared to think; perhaps he would begin to know peace after all the misery that had scourged his existence since his very first memory. 


Chapter 3.

Five figures stood upon a raised granite walkway on which a small stone structure rested. Amongst them the Egyptian emissary, a male of great proportions, his stomach near extended as much as his height. A fire burned brightly inside the simple stone home shedding light upon the individuals who discussed a matter with great tension. They spoke softly in the depths of the night, as though to be concealing some great conspiracy, their voices enclosed by an infinity of chirping crickets whose sounds echoed across the ancient Hellenic hills.
“I risk my life to be here, warlord, and you doubt my words?” The high priest of Sais spoke to Arbephest, who paced back and forth across the granite floor confused and frustrated. “Our scouts have reported villages in the eastern most regions of Libya falling to humans unlike any who reside within the Pillars. They say their numbers were overwhelming.” The Egyptian’s accent was strange, still, he spoke the Hellenic tongue with masterful fluency.
“How is it that these people have just become known to us, priest?” The warlord gazed back and forth between his guests through rampant eyes, noticing on a number of occasions the emissary’s young assistant staring at his wife uncontrollably. He did not notice or expect his own guard captain to be partaking in much the same pleasure; Theleos was cunning in his actions.
“It is likely they have just discovered the skill of boat crafting from the trees which they crawled down from, warlord. Men who live without roofs above their heads, running into battle wielding clubs. They are nothing but savages who are flooding from their overcrowded territories and know nothing better than the primitive acts of war.”
“Watch your words, priest, my nation is prided upon its abilities in war.” He glared once more at the young dark skinned assistant, “do you wish to lay with my wife, boy? Perhaps she would like an Egyptian inside her womb!” The male could not understand Arbephest’s words though he evidently understood his anger, he looked shamefully down at the floor away from the little skin Anna displayed.
The first lady of Rhoma looked over slowly at Arbephest, as the deep hazel beauty of her enormous capturing eyes pierced him he felt a sudden moment of shame himself for the words he had uttered. For some time he felt her stare resting upon him, he did not maintain eye contact however, “if he were capable then it would prove him to be more of a man than you.” With those scolding words she turned quietly away and retired into the fire lit house.
Somewhat flustered by the awkward exchange, Tuth went on. “I am not here to dispute your nation’s power, Arbephest, I am merely a messenger, our armies must be prepared if we are to avoid being caught off guard. If the Athenians should fall –”
“Then the free world will be no longer, some free world that is, one that requires an overseer to keep it free. Since the dawns of our time we Athenians have succeeded in war where all those around us failed, Tuth, Greece will not fall.” The high priest nodded his head respectfully. Arbephest turned his back on his guests and stared out into the darkness beyond the granite paving. Tuth went on as the warlord fell silent. He spoke this time in a whisper.
“Apep constricts Egypt with each passing sunset, warlord, he dismisses these warnings and refuses to have our army investigate the rumours. You Athenians may be the only hope we living have.” The priest sighed deeply through heavy breaths before his voice returned. “Our scouts say these; raids, were committed by men in their thousands, mere villages, swarmed, leaderless barbarians that flock to our shores in such great numbers that they could not be combated. I pray Athena gives us strength in these times of darkness.” Arbephest appeared in deep thought as the priest spoke. “Some whisper they are children of the brothers and sisters of our creators, those that were cast out when the world was young. They have come back to claim what they believe to be theirs, by bringing war to our shores.”
“Let them try, we are the sons of Hephaestus, we are war, no travellers from beyond the Pillars could possibly rival us, men from the trees. Pah!”
“They have already come from beyond the Pillars, Arbephest, the haste of their advance is unknown. There is much we must discuss though the night is late; it should benefit us all when we are joined by king Peremes and warlord Arbicos.” King, at the sound of his name Arbephest had an immediate desire to spit upon the ground, though he knew better, he breathed heavily with frustration nodding his head to acknowledge the high priest. Tuth was to be escorted to Athenia at first light to discuss the grave matter and give formal warning to the king of the Athenians.
“Very well, Theleos escort these men to their sleeping quarters within the temple; ensure a watch is kept over them throughout the night.” He looked at his trusted guard captain who met his glance with a nod. The warlord himself nodded repeatedly at the captain, appearing to confirm something of great value to himself in secret.
Nothing more was said between the men, Tuth was escorted from the stone building with his assistant and Arbephest watched them disappear into the night, his battle worn face hiding the anxiety that gripped him. His skin told a history of violence that could trace back fifteen harvests of Athenian victories at war. His face and muscular body bared the scars of an un-recollect able number of combat wounds. Most distinctly two that bore deep into his face. The first, his split upper lip, a scar lead from the right side of it up to his nose. The other began just below the bottom of his right eyebrow running inches up onto his forehead.
His hair was black, alike to most Hellenes, though even upon his head blade wounds revealed bare skin marks where the hair had failed to grow back over the scar tissue. He allowed a layer of stubble to cover his aging features, for vanity, and hatred of what the lapse of time had done to him.
In harvests past Arbephest’s distinct face had been very different, he had a hugely broad chin and deep brown eyes, between them resting the perked nose of a once handsome man desired by any woman upon whom he rested his wild gaze. Not long past his thirtieth harvest, the endless erosion of war upon his body had taken its toll. His resilience to death was unbelievable, not another warrior upon the earth stood with so many scars upon him, each one a tale of war and victory. He had seen more combat than any number of men could gather and share stories of.
Turning to retreat inside his home Arbephest extinguished the firelight making his way through the simple stone house, into his resting chamber. Inside the dimly lit room he removed the belt of his makers and soldier garbs, resting upon the bed where his beautiful wife already lay. Raising the linen sheets to warm himself he looked over Anna’s naked body, he watched the dark peaks of her perfectly matured breasts rise and fall with each inhale and exhale of her slow quiet breathing. She whimpered quietly at the disturbance as he slid over the surface to embrace her. Arbephest kissed her lightly upon the cheek and slowly slid his hand across her leg to caress her inner thigh, though as he did she turned away. 
Accustomed to this behaviour the warlord sighed heavily and rested upon his back looking up at the grey stone of his home. The flickers of firelight caused all kinds of peculiar shadows to race across the ceiling preventing the tormenting thoughts of what Tuth had said from fleeing his mind.
Giving in to the images he thought deeply about the possibility of Greece being overcome by an army that was grander in scale than his imagination could even attempt to envisage. Tuth’s words remained upon his thoughts constantly causing him to toss and turn. With no relief, the warlord upped from his bed and made haste down amongst the houses of Rhoma.
The streets of his home were similar to that of any town found upon Hellenic territory, simple clay houses and firm street ways made for easily accessible routes about town. Rhoma was completely surrounded by towering wooden blockades cut into pikes, though the aged settlement had never come under siege and its walls were all but derelict with little urgency to see them reconstructed. Rhoma was the closest town to the northern shores of Greece, his army was first protocol to defend the country against invaders from the ocean, however the Hellenes, along with the Egyptians, controlled the waters within the Pillars and no such invasion had ever occurred.
The warlord was greeted by each guard he paced past in a most respectful manner. It was a peaceful night and the stars shone bright high above though he paid no heed. The veteran walked amongst the streets of his home for much time, simply taking in the air, attempting to be rid of the thoughts Tuth had put into his mind. A mild smell of horse manure and hay hung on the air as it often did in the warmer months of the year. He thought about his brothers in arms and wondered how his country faired in Arillia. The battle was likely over by now, still he imagined his kinsmen upon the field of battle upholding the virtues of Greece. It brought some comfort to his heart and calmed him.
He took a detour through Rhoma towards his parent’s house. His father, Phesten, often remained awake deep into the early hours and his company during this moment of trouble was dearly sought after by the battle scarred warrior. 
Up a small walkway that lead away from Rhoma’s stable the house rested. It stood alone near the very heart of the town. As Arbephest made his way around the structure’s clay walls he realised that no firelight burned behind the reed doorway. His parents were asleep. For some time he rested against the sturdy walls of the abode lost in daydream. Each time he cleared his mind of the troubles of Tuth they simply fell to that of his wife’s disdain towards him, when the latter too was cleared however it returned to the former.
Little caused turmoil to the man’s nerve, he was rarely affected by emotion and any moment he was quickly passed. All be it lightly relieved of his thoughts, Arbephest made his way back up the granite walkway towards his abode. Laying down he thought upon some questions he wished to ask the high priest. Why had the Athenians not heard anything of this power until now? And to what extent did the Egyptians have knowledge of this expansion? After a short duration his conscience faded to darkness as sleep overcame him, momentarily.



“Warlord?”
“WARLORD!” Arbephest was abruptly woken from deep slumber by shouts and screams outside of his domain, sitting up quickly he rose from his bed to see what the panic was about. Anna had already vacated their home, she rose from sleep in the early hours each day to tend to the needs of the townsfolk. As the first lady of Rhoma she took it upon herself to act for the Hellenic people, through Arbephest she could attain all her people’s needs and for it they were greatly thankful.
“What?” Arbephest was still half asleep, he did not truly care what the issue was; he wanted to go back inside and rest in his bed.
“We’ve found two bodies, Arbephest, both deceased in the high priest’s bed chamber.” Theleos spoke hastily, un-phased by his leaders stalk nudity for he had grown accustomed to it over the passing harvests.
“Wait here.” The warlord turned and walked back inside his stone abode, the guard captain waited patiently outside, clutching his spear and shield with a dire urgency.
Arbephest returned clothed carrying a sheathed short sword. “Let’s go.” The armed guard escorted him down the rocky steps leading away from his home down to the streets. It did not take long for them weaving hastily between the clay huts to arrive at Rhoma’s temple. The town was busy in the daylight, not alike to the walkways in the depths of the night. Masses of townsfolk went about their duties and the heavy bustle of daylight hours caused great congestion in the streets, though any which Arbephest walked down a line opened out like a parting sea to allow him his way.
“Warlord.” The word resonated throughout the streets he passed. People stood to attention whether they were soldiers or labourers, the warrior’s aura was exhilarating. The mere sight of him struck awe for his skin alone told them that this man stood for their country in ways they could never dare dream of.
The temple of Rhoma was impressive in height compared to other Hellenic buildings, built from simple grey rock. The entrance was held up by a number of wooden pillars, the walls were all solid, built from large rocks carved from nearby quarries. It was cool inside; the chilly breeze shed goose bumps upon the warlord. The floor too was laid with rock; there was a meter high pedestal towards the back wall in the main room, upon it two small sculptures of the Hellenic makers, Athena and Hephaestus. Many crudely constructed wooden benches lined the floors of the temple to enable worship of them. Arbephest himself had not stood amidst these walls since he had been wed to Anna; he shunned the very idea of the makers, believing their stories to be nothing but the work of over exaggerated imaginations.
Theleos lead Arbephest through a small passage beside the main hall, within he pushed open a door then stood back; clearly he wanted Arbephest to enter.
Stepping inside the warlord immediately identified Tuth, blood stained his large white robes and Arbephest knew he had been stabbed through the back, by the looks of it from an Athenian sword, however to state it was an Athenian was something else. He looked at the corpse shaking his head in disappointment. To the side of the high priest was a second corpse, the warlord stared almost dreamily over it, the tall slender frame and light brown skin of the body was like no race of people he knew. What concerned him more was the skull’s state which had been caved in itself from behind. Much of it appeared missing and its shape filled the warlord with a disturbed feeling that was alien to his nature.
“What of the priest’s assistant, Theleos?” He sounded un-phased, continuing to look upon the bodies. 
“He’s missing without a trace. The townsfolk say a vessel appeared above the temple after the screams from within had become quiet.” Arbephest turned to look at Theleos, his face appeared misplaced with confusion. In the silence Theleos stepped forward to look over the bodies himself.
“Above the temple, Theleos? By what means?”
“As a bird flies, my lord, yet without wings. I would have laughed had not such a number of townsfolk stepped forward with the same story.” 
“A priest should never suffer such a fate,” the warlord spoke at last with hesitance, as if ignoring the stranger details of what Theleos had just said. “Theleos, ride to Panthea, give my word to Crastan and have the trireme launched, as many men as you can find capable there. Sail to Sais and inform the Egyptian priests. We must know what is truly upon us, learn what you can and return. Send message to my parents too, I shall not be paying visit upon this day.”
Theleos went without question or comment at his warlord’s word; it would take him the better part of a day galloping by horseback to reach the walls of Panthea. The dock was the largest upon the shores of Greece and until recently harboured an enormous navy of trireme built for the purpose of war upon the oceans. The recent freak weathers which had been put upon the Hellenes however had thrown over half of the fifty seven ship fleet across the shoreline, desecrating them as they peppered Hellenic cliffs and beaches with splintered and ruined woodwork.
With his guard captain en-route the warlord knew he must make haste to Athenia and inform his king of the occurrences in Rhoma. Though he despised the very thought of even being in his king’s presence, it was his duty. Arbephest held no interest in speaking to his townsfolk about what they had seen or heard at the temple. He doubted the whispers as mere words. What the priest had spoken of however was very much alarming, a hostile nation that comes from beyond the Pillars.
He made haste to the stable at the heart of Rhoma and saddled his great palomino mare. Make haste, Annabelle, he whispered to her in his tongue, mounting her, and away she went, her hooves thundering across the clay walkways of Rhoma, out of the derelict wooden gates, into the wilds of Greece.



Arbephest hoped his king would grant him utility of the Athenian army upon hearing the news that was likely already spreading across Greece like wildfire. He avoided built up areas of dense vegetation once past the confounds of Rhoma for he was all too familiar of the dangers that lurked amidst the flora of the Hellenic countryside. 
The golden palomino had been his first mount, born and bred within the stable of Rhoma. He recalled watching her mother bring life into the world in an eruption of blood and snorted neighing. A strange pleasure he had taken in watching that moment as he stood with Anna, newlywed, their excitement so young and passionate. Arbephest named the mare after her, though merely to tease at the time, his bond had grown so strong with the horse that riding her was one of the few activities he found pleasurable in these most recent harvests. Annabelle had become a symbol of his wife to the veteran, an imaginary link that no matter how distanced his love became he would have this animal to bring back thoughts of better times.
The ten mile journey to Athenia took Anabelle a little less than an hour of steady cantering, she breathed deeply as Arbephest urged her onwards though she had much strength left in her yet. The time had passed hastily without trouble whilst the warlord continued to turn over the words of Tuth in his thoughts. He had no doubt his king would grant him permission to prepare his country for war, he lusted for it, he had not seen action in some months and frustration above all else consumed him.
Approaching the heavily fortified gates Arbephest stroked a hand through the mare’s silvery yellow mane and patted her heavily upon her powerful neck. Easy girl, he whispered to her softly, with the same loving tone he had once so often took pleasure in expressing to his wife. 
Athenia was built upon risen grounds; it was enclosed by a vast wooden wall fortified three levels thick all about its premises. There was one route in and one out. The town’s entry gates were guarded by ten Athenian soldiers, why such numbers were necessary was unknown, the most southern stretches of Athenian territory had not been invaded in over a hundred harvests. The king of the Hellenes was a bizarre individual, one whom Arbephest gave no regard to, however for the pride he held over his country he abided by its ancient codes without question.
King Peremes took no place in war, though in times past legends had been passed down by word of mouth about the kings of the Athenians. The warlord revelled in these stories of the ancient kings of Greece, said to have once lead the Hellenes alongside the warlords as equals in war. Three commanders, against armies far more volatile than anything known in recent times.
Athenia bared little difference to Rhoma, bar the walls of Athenia constantly being reinforced and aging woodwork replaced, the lay out itself was near identical. Rows of clay housing, large simple passageways separating them, and a small number of stone buildings. 
Arbephest trotted Annabelle slowly through his capital; he nodded at various people whom recognised him. Approaching the barrier entrance of his king’s fort Arbephest dismounted, he did not tie Annabelle’s reign, he knew she would wait for his return. The troops at the gates of Peremes’ domain each stood to attention as Arbephest walked amongst them giving a slight nod of acknowledgement.
The fort was constructed upon a solid base of granite, three feet thick. The walls of the construct were made partly of clay, partly of wood and partly of stone, they had been merged together to strengthen the fortifications. It had always been a structure that struck Arbephest as impressive. The story of its creation had been in his ears since he was a child, when the strongholds of the Athenian armies were built, many hundreds of harvests back in time.
As Arbephest stepped into the fort entrance a cool breeze hit him relieving his body from the humidity of the day. He was escorted by a single male through the wooden clay interior, through a passageway that opened out into king Peremes’ throne room.
There he sat, with his timid chin resting upon a closed childlike fist. He was a small man, his build unimpressive; his hair was black and his face oily. His features threw a look of adolescence upon his face that gave Arbephest an overwhelming lust to strike him merely at the sight. The king had always appeared weary and fidgety when in the presence of a warlord; as if he was conscious of their greatness, of their qualities he was aware he lacked himself.
“Arbephest? What brings you here? I am yet to hear word from Arillia, I will be sure to pass on notice if I do.”
“My king, I come to speak of a grave matter.” His dark rampant spheres locked onto the flustering male, a glare that time had only made more menacing for the wounds that scored his face.
“Speak.” The king said making a wilted hand gesture; his light voice matched his unimposing frame.
“Last night I was visited by the Egyptian high priest, Tuth, who spoke to me of a matter that requires immediate attention. We were to ride to Athenia this dawn to discuss the knowledge he held, however the priest has since been murdered within the temple of Rhoma.” The king’s eyes lit up, he burst to life and pulled a face to yell but his voice was restrained to a high pitch, most likely by fear.
“What? You allowed the death of an Egyptian high priest in my territory? What will the Egyptians think of us? Allowing a priest? - A priest! To be slain within our residence?” The king squawked, flustering, his cheeks turned rosy red.
If Arbephest knew anything about Peremes, it was that he strived to make his country appear perfect when in the presence of other leaders, anything that might disgrace it was most unacceptable, even though he had done nothing to attain its glory. 
“My king, there is more at stake than our reputation with the Egyptians. The high priest spoke of a nation; a nation with a vast army, that have come from beyond the Pillars of Heracles.”
“People come from beyond the Pillars of Heracles… and what of it?” Why did I mention his death? Still, I’m surprised he doesn’t already know.
“The priest spoke of a race that have began spreading across Libya, possibly Europa, they are enslaving the lands we Hellenes have fought to keep free. People speak in Rhoma of a vessel that flew through the air when Tuth was slain.” Aloud the words truly sounded ridiculous.
“The air… Arbephest, what are such tales you are telling me?”
“This is no joke, my king. If the priest’s words are true then we must assemble the Athenian army, all of Europa is in danger of these people, we can’t take chances.”
“And you truly believe that an army from the sky is descending upon all of Europa and Libya, Arbephest? You must be crazy to believe such stories.” The king’s dismissive attitude only angered the warlord.
“Athenian troops must be assembled, allow me command of them, we must at least patrol the coasts of Greece. If they’re landing upon the shores of our neighbours to the east then that is where we must march.”
“You think I’d let you take the entire Athenian army for a march along the coasts of Europa because you’ve heard stories of people that come from the sky, Arbephest? You have allowed the death of an Egyptian Priest in Rhoma! That is more important to me than rumours of an army that comes from the sky.”
“My king,” the warlord stopped to choose his words, he imagined ripping the male’s head from his body before speaking in a calmed tone. “The Egyptians are regarded for their knowledge upon all things in our world. Why would such a story be made up by someone so highly regarded?” 
“I don’t know, Arbephest why would someone so highly regarded make up a story that would grant them the power of the entire Athenian army?” He believes I wish to march on Greece? The very hint of his words fuelled Arbephest’s hatred of the man, a sudden fury erupted within the battle scarred veteran, his burning gaze alone was enough to cause Peremes to quiver, though the warlord kept his composure.
“Let us assume the high priest spoke the truth, we could be on the dawn of a large scale war that cannot simply be ignored!” Raising his voice, Arbephest stared at Peremes who struggled to maintain eye contact for any long periods, sweat beads began to appear on his red forehead. After a few moments fidgeting the king at last spoke up, his voice hollow and uneasy.
“You may take every sixth man of Rhoma’s army on an expedition along the northern shores of Greece,” five hundred men, “and if there are any signs of these things you describe to me then I’ll grant you and warlord Arbicos full command over all the armies of the Hellenes. Have a messenger sent immediately to inform Apep of your mistakes, ignore me Arbephest and you shall be exiled! Heleon, escort him from my domain. That will be all.” The king clapped his hands limply and again rested his chin on a trembling fist. Arbephest stared at him for a short while longer, his anger seethed as he turned to leave.
He knew little else of what to do, it was early in the day, exiting Peremes’ fort he walked quickly back to Annabelle, she snorted lightly at the sight of him and he stroked her with a heavy hand down her neck before grasping at the leather straps to heave himself up onto the saddle. His next destination was Cele, go, he whispered lightly, and once more the great golden palomino burst to life, her powerful legs erupting the sound of clattering hooves into the quiet streets of Athenia.
The warlord hoped his brother in arms might have returned from Arillia by this sun. He knew not where else to turn for in the death of Tuth all the answers of this most abrupt dilemma dissipated, and one lone thought troubled his mind above all else; what if the priest’s words had been true? What if a nation of unfathomable power was coming from beyond the Pillars? His king’s dismissal fuelled him with anger; he whipped lightly on the palomino’s reigns urging her onwards towards Cele. 


Chapter 4.

His gold encircled cross dazzled brightly beneath the burning sun. It had not been touched in some hours for its owner was stricken in deep thought. Their boats approached the Pillars, Era’Mi, the fingertips of Poseidon’s encircling arms. Here ended the safety of Ra Atl’Antek, these once uncharted waters were only whispered of amongst the first chosen’s people. He had sat and listened to his king two suns past, leaving the warmth of his love to be seated amidst the cold walls of Poseidon’s temple before his leaders. It is your time, Thu’Ra. Each moment the chosen had looked up at his king he had been met only by the apathetical gaze of the golden mask, instilling in his mind visions of horrors and wonders alike with equally as unembellished emotion.
Atl’As’ frail voice had been echoing in his mind since his people sailed out of the canals of Atlantis to begin their journey across the Atlantic. Their fleet a mile wide, their vessels, though reed woven, were enormous, riding the ocean waves with the greatest ease. The warships of Poseidon were deadly in ways that the people from within the Pillars could not begin to comprehend.
Thu’Ra rested at his warship’s beak; sweat beads covered his hugely muscular body causing him to frequently wipe the drench from his face. Spread before him upon a supply crate was a map Atl’As had bestowed upon the chosen; lost in interest he stared intently at one particular area of the diagram. His king insisted the map had been graphed by the Equi’Dae with utmost precision; the landmass sketched at the southern most point was a place Thu’Ra had never once heard his leaders speak of. The mountainous regions stood at its eastern stretches and green fertile plains running off to the west beneath filled his mind with thoughts of a haven untouched by the hands of man. In the depths of his daydream he thought of what Poseidon might have seen upon first stepping amidst the valleys and fields of his own continent.
The first chosen took great pleasure in seafaring, how he savoured the moments before landing upon shores unknown, only to wage war upon people whom had done him no wrong. For the orichalcum, Thu’Ra, Atl’As would remind him when he saw the doubts or guilt in his chosen’s eyes. Mere expeditions, we are a flourishing people. His endeavours felt more like conquests than mere expeditions.
The great blue expanse simply enthralled him however, he could watch the ocean waves rise and fall for eternity. To live on the seas without trouble, with his love and children by his side was a fantasy he often fell upon as time itself passed him by.
The very morning after returning from Amek’Ra, Thu’Ra had been seated within the banquet hall of the temple. In his company, Atl’As, Imr’As, Tetu’Ra and Ma’At. His king’s undying voice resonated in his mind as he sat with that most revered company, such a strange moment, and one that only troubled Thu’Ra from the very instance he was seated.
As though wishing to avoid making a direct point, for some moments after Atl’As was settled he remained quiet, looking upon each of his guests, searching for some words to begin his purpose. Those that eventually came confused the chosen as much as they captivated him.
“At the dawn of the new age, a number of children escaped from an island that sank to the west now lost. Far spread were these children, some made to the coasts of Amek, others further. Those who reached the lands to our east discovered a harbour of immeasurable resource, and so began a conflict for greed and power. 
When the world was young, my children, and our gods roamed the earth, they knew no better than that of the pettiness of man, in their passion confrontation was inevitable. It is said in our most ancient stories a people were lead by a first lady, and a giant who wielded weapons made from ores within the earth. They cast out their brothers and sisters, and so drifted Poseidon, alone, pursued still by those whom he had once called kin.
Once the safety of their land resided, and Ra’Atlantek expanded outwards before him, he stumbled upon a continent far greater in resource and tactical positioning than those lands that had a mere pond to share amongst their still struggling inhabitants.
Poseidon took with him as he was banished all the knowledge his people knew of cultivation and craftsmanship, and upon arrival our god began raising our great nation from the very soil of this fertile land, populated then only by stranded, primitive people of an age long forgotten.” 
“Father, I am a child no longer, you gather me to an assembly to tell me the fables of our past?-” The boy made effort to proceed though the deep powerful voice of Tetu’Ra cut his immature tone short. Each word the aged male spoke seemed to ooze with a wisdom that mesmerised any who heard them. 
“Listen to your father’s words, Imr’As, I know not of an occasion when he has uttered one without good cause.” Imr’As had been recognised as little more than a child the day Thu’Ra set sail towards the coasts of Amek’Ra. To the first chosen he was still nothing more than that, in mind he was an infant, in body not much more, in age however, due to the customs of his people, he was recognised as a significant member of the Atlantean sovereign. He was sure all that sat in his presence agreed on the child’s petulance and immaturity, but none were willing to note it aloud in the presence of Atl’As.
Amidst an awkward glance of eye contact towards Tetu’Ra, and then his father, Atl’As continued, seemingly impartial to his son’s interruption.
“Since our founding we have farmed this continent for its ores and minerals, animals and soils, we have founded harbours to our north, to our west, we pursue these lands for resources, for a resource. One that we have now truly depleted upon our lands and one that we have not yet discovered on another. Since Poseidon first stepped foot upon our shores our nation has progressed in ways that men before us could surely not have even fathomed, yet without this resource our advances cease, and so does our nation.”
“Orichalcum.” 
The first chosen had whispered, still lost in memory his hand had risen unconsciously to caress the midst of the golden cross. He stood and walked to the reed vessel’s starboard looking south. He could see them now, the fingertips of his god, they approached ever closer though he did not feel panic nor trouble. The sight was strangely enticing, and as the vast reed ships floated with the ebb and flow of the sea waves in between the straits, Thu’Ra’s blue eyes fell to wonder.
To his south a densely vegetated cliff peak rose high into the sky capturing the attention of all that sailed, the green summit was flocked with bird species that he took pleasure in identifying. Ake, Atlantic puffins, the birds which had been flown above his head upon his return to Atlantis. He squinted to take site of a second, larger species, that appeared grey and white past their yellow bills, yet could not identify them. A faint smile slowly sprawled out upon his face while he watched the birds flourishing undisturbed. 
Those that were air born hovered magically, observing the water with an unending patience before falling like rain down towards the depths of the great blue expanse. The first chosen watched some disappear beneath the endless surface causing white foam to spray upon impact, whilst others emerged, beaks full of glinting silver prey.
“Vessel ahead, to the north, chosen!” From high upon the crow’s nest Emen’Rus called out. His leader turned about to observe his crewmate’s sighting. He first believed his focus to be unusually poor for he could see no vessel before him, however a moment later he noticed a minute craft of design he was unfamiliar with. Thu’Ra leaned forward, grasping the portside reed work, he focused intently at two small figures resting upon a wooden boat that was a simple collection of wood, strung together by some flimsy means. Thu’Ra’s smile grew at the thought of just how crude it was, though as his vision became clear something far more unusual struck the giant.
Their skin; he squinted for disbelief, did his eyes deceive him? He had only seen a person’s skin turn to such a colour upon the verges of death. Eba joined the chosen at the beak and glared out at the figures, he stood with mouth agape.
“Have we sailed into the afterlife, Thu’Ra? Poseidon protect us.”
At his captain’s words the chosen’s elongated skull spun hurriedly around. He moved across the vessel’s gangway rapidly to look back off of the stern of his ship, ensuring himself Ra’Atlantek was still there.
Returning to the beak, Thu’Ra studied the floating raft; one unmistakable sign became apparent amidst the confusion that enveloped him. Their actions; thin strands of some material were just about distinguishable leading from the figures arms down into the depths of the blue. He snorted lightly out of his nose in amusement.
“They’re fishermen.” Thu’Ra yelled to his crew continuing to stare with curiosity. Eba’s voice called back, this time from high above, he scaled the solid wooden mast to gain better view of the fair skinned people.
“Chosen, should we seize them? What if they should seek their leaders and tell them of our presence? They’ve surely seen us.” Thu’Ra looked briefly at Eba and shook his etched head in dismissal. A part of the chosen was dearly intrigued to know more of these people, as he was upon sight of any new race he came across, although his immediate paranoia for the thought of them being spirits of the afterlife had hastily resided, a strange suspicion still held onto him.
In all the cycles that had past him in his lifetime he had not once known of a race of people who were so pale in skin and frail looking of body. He knew they could not be dead, though if they carried illness that matched the appearance of their skin his fleet would be doomed long before they reached their destination. Perhaps they were the true reason why his king wanted his chosen subjects to avoid the northern shores of the Parting Sea.
“They are fishermen, captain, let them fish.” Eba nodded and pulled a satisfactory face before all of Thu’Ra’s crew’s attention was drawn abruptly across the water towards another ship amidst the fleet. Moving portside, the first chosen glared out onto the ocean. The tranquillity of the calm sea was ruptured by a horrifically loud sound of some enormous tightening cranks. Clunk, clunk, clunk. Thu’Ra watched each horrendous turn cause the vessel being captained by Atl’As’ son to jolt deeply in the water. 
What’s he doing? Thu’Ra whispered under his breath, continuing to watch Imr’As’ vessel. The prince was leaning off the ship’s beak pointing down at the tiny wooden craft. He waved his arms yelling something in his tongue that the first chosen could not make out for the sound of the ocean breeze and clunking of the colossal cranks that began to raise the warship’s siege weapon high into the air.
Eba joined Thu’Ra once more to look out from his vessel’s beak. “The fool is to launch an assault on that?” The chosen turned his head immediately and glanced at Eba.
“Be wiser with your words, captain,” he sighed shaking his head hesitantly.
“Do you think he’s trying to prove something?” Thu’Ra did not reply though pulled a face to suggest his cluelessness. He could do little more than watch and listen as the great cranks became faster, faster, the sound of tightening ropes and cringing wood became louder the faster they turned until all at once everything ceased. The chosen had not blinked once. The sound of calm sea waves returned to prominence in the air before the lightest flick of a chord was struck. The woodwork upon the vessel groaned as the arm of the colossal sling rotated wildly down and then up and over its frame. The reed ship’s stern and beak rose and fell with the flow of the weapon and the sweeping sound of the giant boulder that all at once became air born. 
It made no sound travelling through the air, a great grey collection of matter that heralded no other purpose than death. The fishermen paid little attention to the great fleet that sailed in from the Atlantic; war was not something they were familiar with, nor was it something the first chosen of Atlantis would ever have commanded upon them. The tonne of stone fell with deadly precision upon their crudely crafted vessel. At contact an explosion of red and white foam sprayed into the surf. Wood splinters scattered outwards across the rippling water, little but a bloodied surface and ruined timber was left in the aftermath of the projectile’s collision.
“He cannot come to the delta of the serpent, Thu’Ra.” Eba said, though his chosen did not acknowledge him. He had told his sea captain Atl’As’ plan, and though he cared not discuss the finer details of the excursion, he agreed in his mind to the captain’s words. His focus fell back upon Imr’As’ ship. The boy stood staring out at the remains of his target, then cheered at his crew mates who had loosed the stone. Thu’Ra turned his head to look upon Tetu’Ra’s vessel, he had seen everything, the priest king stood upon the vessel’s starboard staring directly at Thu’Ra. After some moments of eye contact the aged male turned away, leaving the chosen stricken in sheer disbelief.
Thu’Ra shook his head, he knew not of Imr’As’ motives nor did he wish to. He regretted the fact his king had requested the boy be taken upon this expedition. little could come of his presence other than a mind that was not at peace.
The chosen suddenly released Kotu’s golden cross which he unconsciously kept a grasp of, it pierced his skin for a grip that had tightened with ever growing tension.
“Captain, take to vessel with your men and ensure no other actions are committed that were not first commanded, request the presence of Tetu’Ra and Ma’At upon boarding their transport and escort them to my vessel with haste.” Eba nodded and clicked his fingers, signalling a number of deckhands to approach the starboard and portside of their ship, where a number of smaller reed boats were entwined in preparation of land approach.
The warships of Poseidon sat deeply in the sea, their gigantic hulls immediately expanded beneath the waterline turning oval five meters outwards in each direction. The reed work was interwoven so tightly that should the vessel’s gangways have been shaped just a fraction more circular the vessels would become mere buoys in the ocean, unmoveable by any means.
Towards the stern of each ship, upon both the starboard and portside, sturdy wooden joists protruded from the reed work. Attached to each was a large rotator which was pushed constantly by two males in a circular motion. Beneath the water surface the joists rotated two colossal wooden propellers that accelerated the warships through a calm ocean at an incredible rate of knots.
Paddles too lined the ships’ starboards and portsides, extending into the sea above the minute reed crafts that were knotted to the vessel’s bowels. The paddle heads towards the ships’ beaks were greatly extended, becoming shorter with each oar. An enormous span of woven animal hide joined each oar acting as giant pectoral fins for the titanic structures. The soldiers of Atlantis rowed them through the sea water with great stamina and persistence.
In the midst of each vessel a huge wooden construct rested, woven into the very body of the ships, where deep beneath the waterline it could rise and fall freely between the reed work undeterred. These were the siege weapons of the Atlantean fleet, unseen before their time nor after, so dangerously attuned to naval warfare that not the greatest resistance could oppose them. Thu’Ra could not recall a time when use of the weapons had pleasured him; to now witness one being used to crush innocent lives filled him with a feeling of lost belief. How anyone could have such little regard for life, how conscience could go on after committing such an action was beyond his understanding.
Amidst the entire fleet a single boat sailed that was not alike the others. It was covered from stern to beak by linen canvasses and animal hides several layers thick. There were few in the fleet’s company that knew what lay beneath the material, not even the Atlantean soldiers who rowed the gargantuan craft were aware of the vessel’s importance.
With another great sigh the chosen returned to a trance like state. His vessel cruised beyond the Fingertips of Poseidon, into this ancient waterway that his very own god had fled from at the dawn of time. His hand reached for the golden cross. Atl’As’ voice returned to his mind, and the discussion he had partook in amidst the presence of his sovereign consumed his thoughts.
“In the eastern depths of the southern landmass, amidst fertile planes, a great snake crawls from the ocean down to the base of the world, carrying with it an unending fertility, and all those that follow its routes are lead to an ever rejuvenating source of life. Upon its most western route, from the ocean, it crawls past a city of construct that far exceeds the capabilities of its current day citizens, an ancient ruin left by a people long past our time. Here resides this people’s leader, and here lays our destination. 
The Equi’Dae have found this source of power upon the southern landmass of the Parting Sea. If we are to see the resources of that land come under our control we must make the people of this land, and the lands that surround the Parting Sea our own, though we need not shed blood nor risk life. In avoidance of our god’s ancient enemy we shall steer clear of beaching upon the northern shores of this sea, to believe in our legends or to dismiss them; we shall bring no quarrel to these powers past the ocean. Upon the northern lands resides a primitive, warlike people who care only for destruction, and nothing for preservation. Poseidon shall keep us safe upon the seas.”
“What of the men who are already beached upon the most western stretches of the southern lands, father?” Thu’Ra had known nothing of this, judging by the shocked appearance of Tetu’Ra’s face it seemed the priest was also oblivious. Atl’As paused, briefly sighing lightly under his golden mask.
“Little more than a distraction, my boy, one that does not concern this audience. Before this cycle’s end a mere man will stand before a civilisation and be recognised as a god, an entire nation stolen and a world upon their knees before a new king. Now remain silent, my child, for those who are seated in attendance need learn of their destinies.” It seemed even Atl’As’ endless patience was beginning to grow thin on the boy. Before the chosen’s memory covered the final words his king had uttered, he was disturbed again by Emen’Rus.
“A vessel approaches, chosen, our priest king and queen.” Tetu’Ra was not escorted by Eba, instead he made immediate haste towards Thu’Ra’s vessel on his own accord. The chosen was glad for the sight for he was certain the king of the third district shared his troubled thoughts.
Tetu’Ra stood moments after the sturdy reed vessel pressed against the portside of Thu’Ra’s and was entwined with its body. He offered a hand to Ma’At and rose her, ensuring she traversed steadily from the transport vessel to the warship, “remain.” He commanded his escort in his tongue, and then stepped up into the reed work gangway himself.
There was little place of privacy upon the ships, however the beak of each vessel was an area generally left to commanders, and though each boat couriered a hundred Atlantean soldiers, the resonance of the sea and chaos of paddling oars distorted most sounds, certainly those made by the whispers of man.
Thu’Ra seated himself upon a supply crate at the very pinnacle of his vessel’s beak head. The Atlantean sovereign approached, they stood together in silence before their chosen, waiting for him to raise the subject all had just witnessed.
“My queen, my king,” he nodded to each respectively. “Is all well upon deck? I hope the ocean waves have not been a disturbance.”
“Upon our vessel all is well, Thu’Ra, perhaps it is towards others you should look.” 
“I shall ensure that all are well accounted for, my king, my captain makes haste as we speak.”
“It is not the welfare of those that sail that has come to my attention, chosen.” Thu’Ra exhaled deeply, shaking his head, looking down at the reed deck. He knew they would not raise the subject directly, and feared doing so himself. “Is there nothing more you wish to state?” The priest king stared at Thu’Ra without emotion, as though inviting him to address the matter. Without words said Tetu’Ra raised his eyebrows and began to turn about with Ma’At before Thu’Ra raised a hand to stop them.
“What of Imr’As?” He spoke quietly, hoping none had heard him utter the name.
“I suspect you should have an answer to controlling all that sail under your command, Thu’Ra?” Thu’Ra looked up through his great blue spheres and whispered.
“The boy cannot be controlled, he believes he has the right of Poseidon in his hands for the status of his father. I fear the execution of Atl’As’ plans will be jeopardised should he be present in the delta.”
“You know the boy is to be seated as our prince, chosen.” The priest king continued to feign his ignorance. Thu’Ra knew by his lack of opposition to the matter that his attention was undivided.
“If he’s to be your prince then I propose he’s given responsibility to watch the northern waters whilst the ancient city is subdued. He may be escorted after the event, no one need ever know.” Tetu’Ra remained silent whilst his chosen spoke, he began to nod slowly as Thu’Ra’s point was pressed forward. Ma’At grasped he who she was bound to by the hand and squeezed.
“Very well. Be wary at giving order, Thu’Ra, persuade the child, for his attitude towards being commanded is that of a spoilt youth being denied that which he pleads for.” Thu’Ra nodded back at the king. Nothing more was said between them. The aged couple turned about and made haste back to the small reed boat, returning to their ship.



As the morning heat began to rise, Thu’Ra’s mind surged with ideas and methods that he might use to persuade Imr’As that a far more daunting task was required of him, though the chosen’s true purpose for keeping the boy away from the delta was all but settled with his rulers, he still required the prince of Atlantis to agree. 
He did not wish to be too bold for the boy’s attitude, yet he simply could not allow for the child to risk their entire purpose within the Parting Sea. When the moment came in the early afternoon of that day, the conversation was brief.
“The men of the northern shores are whispered to be undefeatable in battle, not even Poseidon could combat their gods, the scale of responsibility upon your shoulders is grand my prince, your leadership skills will be needed if we are to keep our fleet from straying from its purpose. I am bestowing this post upon you, for I do not trust another.” The boy had appeared mesmerized by the chosen’s words despite his efforts to act impartial over his decision, the articulation of his invented description of the men of the northern shores had persuaded the boy, no word of command was necessary. “Should the people of this land be made aware of your father’s plans in the delta, nothing less than a leader of men shall be required to organise the warning of encroaching danger. By no means should you engage these people Imr’As.” The two shared nods; Thu’Ra acted as though the boy was his only option; that he needed him as an equal to succeed in the progression of his nation. An immediate feeling of inner peace surged through the chosen when Imr’As accepted his request.
The persuasion had been easier than Thu’Ra could ever have imagined.He was not surprised the boy had taken to the plan with such enthusiasm, he believes he is now a commander of his people. The chosen shuddered at the thought of laying responsibility on the child’s shoulders, but he was sure keeping him away from the delta was the safest option for his army. All that was required now was to escort the sovereign to the delta and enact Atl’As’ plan.
Before Imr’As stepped up to move over the vessel’s reed work portside, the waters all across the Parting Sea began to judder wildly. Huge waves picked up from the midst of the calm rising and colliding at the whim of some unknown force.
“Look! To the northern landmass!” Emen’Rus called out from the crow’s nest and the crew gathered up to stare at the shoreline that was now far away in the distance. The earth quaked violently. It could be felt in the water despite their distance from land. Imr’As turned to Thu’Ra, a look of perplexed terror was strewn across his adolescent face.
“Are we being punished by Poseidon, chosen?” He knelt down for the boat began to shake uncontrollably under the strain of the stirring sea. Thu’Ra however walked across deck towards the boy, and grasping his arm with colossal strength dragged him to his feet; he smiled confidently, reassuring Imr’As of his knowledge.
“It’s merely an earth tremor, my prince, we’re quite safe upon the ocean, it will pass in good time.” As the two stared towards the northern shores of the Parting Sea at the wondrous power of nature, Thu’Ra’s thoughts returned to that of Atl’As and his detailed description of the chosen and sovereign’s actions within the delta. The sheer daring and magnificence of the plan’s formulation caused him to shiver for the thought of their endeavour possibly succeeding against such minute odds. 


Chapter 5.

All across Europa the earth shook with tremendous power, far to the south west Arbicos steadied his flustering mount with a mighty draw upon her reigns. She reared up violently, nearly dismounting him from his light leather saddle.
The warlord and his nephew had made impressive ground upon arriving in the hastily constructed port that now rested along the southern stretches of Athenian territory. So strange it was that the sea had separated the Athenians from the rest of Greece with such ferocity, yet the land had settled. It seemed the makers themselves had rearranged the earth with purpose.
The young man raced across the remaining fifteen miles from Phelai; his excitement soared for thought of resting eyes upon his love and their child. He knew now the sight of Cele’s streets were just beyond the forest his mount approached, a forest that upon any other occasion he would have guided his steed around, yet he could not wait any longer.
Distracted by the tree line he scarcely noticed the earth take a further turn into chaos, a terrifying rumble resonated from deep beneath the green field his mare galloped across. It felt like the very interior of the world was being torn apart by some ancient power, the earth beneath him jutted abruptly causing the entire field to sink with a great yawning shift, the collapse forced Arbicos’ steed to buckle upon its knees with a wild snort.
“Hold!” The young man raised his arm instinctively to command an army, however the only man in his company was Listos. Arbicos looked around desperately for his kin, steadying his mount, but could only watch in horror the sight of Listos being thrown from his horse. Yelling aloud he landed awkwardly in a heap upon the soft green grass; the mass of muscle that enveloped the giant steed’s limbs and abdomen throbbed, she crashed awkwardly to the ground nearly crushing the boy. Much to Arbicos’ relief he immediately sat upright, unharmed. He stared with a gawping mouth to the warlord’s west.
With shattering force a horrendous rip suddenly tore the land before his very eyes asunder. His horse awkwardly jolted about to face the fiery crevice striking him with a stunning paralysis, he watched the enormous crack erupt, parting the earth, with it a gargantuan explosion of molten heat and lava surged violently upwards bursting through the crust. Without a moments hesitance the warlord’s nephew upped from his awkward fall and ran towards the giant tear much to Arbicos’ disbelief.
“Wait!” He yelled to Listos, though the boy’s curiosity flowed far beyond his wariness of the danger. His fast paced charge came to a sudden pause just feet away from the enormous tear, he rose an arm to fend his eyes against the heat gushing upwards from deep beneath.
Shaking his head Arbicos approached his kin dismounting some distance away, he lead the horse slowly towards the split land, leaving her some meters back for fear the sight would cause her to scare.
“They say these partings have been splitting the world apart, uncle. The prophecy tellers in Cele say of a force will sweep the world from top to bottom. They say that Hades is returning from the underworld bringing armies of the fallen with him, he’s opening the land up to complete his final strike.” Listos looked at Arbicos, a wild look in his childish eyes suggested his imagination had taken the whispers of stories he had heard to places far expelled from reality. Arbicos smiled lightly at the boy, it had been the first time in a long time he truly felt amused so excited he was; to hold his wife and first born in his arms was something he had dreamt of since first laying eyes upon Haedra.
“You’ll make a fine prophecy teller yourself someday, Listos, perhaps something to consider should the requirements of your father’s trade ever run short.”
“You don’t believe the prophecy tellers, uncle?”
“Do you see armies of fallen marching from this hole in the ground, nephew?” A crushing realisation came across the boy’s face, though it lightened back up as another question filled his flourishing mind.
“What of Hades, and the makers?” At the sound of this name Listos noticed his uncle’s face immediately fall from its mocking look.
“Hades was the betrayer of a king long past our time, Listos, his tale only made more fascinating by men with imaginations like your own. His story is ageless, like many queens and kings of our past, yet they are each as much servants to the makers as you and I.”
“So you do believe in the makers at least, uncle?”
“At least? Of course I believe in our makers, Listos, don’t speak such nonsense unless you wish to be stricken by Athena herself.” The boy winced his face in confusion.
“You believe in the makers but not the legends of our past, uncle? How can you set them apart?” Arbicos laughed lightly at his nephew’s words still staring with amazement down at the roaring gape amidst the Hellenic field, he had to squint awkwardly for the diminishing heat was still such.
“Our makers are our makers, nephew, do you truly believe the story of every king, queen and warlord of the Hellenes that caused something unheard of to occur?”
“What’s so strange about it, uncle? My father says I should pay attention to all things the prophecy tellers say.” The young warlord knew his efforts would be hopeless at quelling the boy’s fantasies, nor did he truly wish to spoil his childish joy.
“Well, Listos,” he hesitated in thought, “tell me of your favourite legend, and I’ll tell you what I think of it.” The boy did not pause for a moment, bursting with charismatic elation.
“I can’t choose between two. King Zeus, and how he struck the Ardinos down by invoking the power of the elements -” Arbicos laughed again at his kin, turning to his mount he gestured the boy to follow. Whatever caused the explosion within the ground had retreated as quickly as it had viciously erupted, as if the pressure that caused it to burst had shifted onwards, and as much as it confused the warlord, his mind was focused upon just one thing. “You don’t believe in the story, Arbicos?” Listos went on, a little upset his uncle had not taken to the tale with as much enthusiasm as he.
“A fascinating story, nephew, one I’m sure will be told until the last harvest, and the other?”
“That upon death, as you walk to the fields of Elysium, Hades may call your name, claiming you beneath the world to serve him until the last harvest.” Though Arbicos smirked, this second story was something that had often troubled him in his dreams. When he was a mere child his father embedded in him a fear of the tale; should he not uphold the oath of the makers, at death he would be claimed by Hades, and be denied joining his loved ones in Elysium; unable to feel the warm touch of his mother upon his face once more nor hold his love in his arms for eternity. “Uncle?” Arbicos shook himself from his dreary state; he did not look upon the boy as he spoke.
“Come, Listos, beyond this forest our home lays, and your aunt, and my child.” The boy nodded obediently making way to his mount which had not strayed far.
“Do you think your name will be spoken of past your time, uncle?” Arbicos shook his head remounting his steed.
“Perhaps someone will mention my name thousands of harvests from now, nephew; it’s not worth thinking upon. You’re very young, Listos, you have much to learn about life.” The warlord’s face fell vacant, his gaze drifted emptily for a moment before he looked upon Listos with a forced smile, “never let anyone tell you your ideas are nonsense, nephew, who am I to know what’s truly occurred in our past. I pray to Hephaestus each morning I wake and each night before I rest, Arbephest would smirk at me if I told him that, who am I to smirk at you.” The boy hummed lightly, as though he had gained a personal victory. He reached up and grasped the leather reigns of his mount. Heaving himself upon the saddle he yelled out across the now quiet countryside to Arbicos.
“Does he answer your prayers, uncle?” Arbicos was already trotting away towards Cele.
“I’ll know soon enough!” He smiled once more, but not at Listos. All that knew of the young warlord’s news commented on his first born being a son whose abilities in war would one day surpass even Arbicos’, yet he prayed each daybreak and sunset to Hephaestus that the child should be a girl. He knew what war did to a man, if not physically, then most certainly mentally, he would not wish the misery of what he had known in his short lifetime upon anyone.
Haedra’s face returned to his thoughts whilst he whipped stiffly at his mare’s reigns with excitement, yelling at her, he pushed her onwards into a gallop. She exploded with life causing the muscles in her enormous legs to pulsate with each powerful stride.
They charged through the small tree cluster, with each towering trunk that was torn past it felt like another dark memory was ripped away. He headed for the light. The dangers of the flora did not once come to mind. He yelled at his mount with more enthusiasm than ever to clear the forest grounds.
The only moments he would forget the world and rejoice in his existence were those spent with Haedra. She was a polar opposite to the warlord in mind and body, and it was for her, and her alone, that he had not ended his own existence long ago. The image of her pretty face and thick wild hair kept the sorrows of his mind at bay during the times of his deepest depression; the burst of her laughter would echo in his mind and banish the sounds of his father’s voice or the screams of the dying. 
He had fallen in love at first sight whilst walking through the green fields of Cele, returning from his first battle in Europa. Her lengthy brown hair that was strewn over her shoulders and chest as he marched past the wheat field had caught his attention, though it was not until she looked upon him that he was truly captivated. Her pale blue eyes, so rare to see in her people, locked onto his, and an enormous dimple suddenly sank into her plump cheeks for she became smitten by an uncontrollable smile. The beauty of her youthful face had not left his mind since that first memory.
All he had done that expedition, all the strains his muscles had been burdened with for the hundreds of miles he had walked, the pains and aches of his body and mind and guilt for laying rest to the first men whose lives he had taken vanished in that moment of ecstasy.
The young warlord’s heart raced faster the greater he urged his horse towards the outskirts of Cele. At last the faint clay tracks became visible past the final forested grounds of the wilds causing an immediate surge of adrenaline to pump through him. He was home.
With an enormous grin upon his unscathed face he slowed his mount down to a trot, he wanted to savour this moment and remember it to tell to any who wished to hear, but most importantly his first born in a time when she or he was capable of listening. How above there were but four patched white clouds amidst the strangely red tinted sky of the blue world, and how the sun beamed gloriously welcoming him home. How the lightest breeze pushed against his back as though the Hellenic makers were lightly urging him onwards to his love and their child. How the birds could be heard singing in the forest and the hasty trotting of horses hooves that matched his excited heartbeat.
Amidst the vision of clay housing and crude street ways he noticed a town guard resting upon horseback. It was Cilimus, Cele’s oldest guard captain, and a man who had rained much praise upon Arbicos to the king of Greece when his leader was still a captain of the Athenian army.
In a time as brutal as that which the warlords of Greece stood, there were few men of the Hellenic armies that lived long enough to die of natural causes, rare was it to see a man still alive with grey hair donning warrior garbs. The old male was a warm character that Arbicos held a great respect for due to his sheer age and resilience. Raising an arm Arbicos waved at Cilimus, grinning uncontrollably. The veteran met his greeting, returning the gesture. He too waved at Listos, riding out to welcome the males.
“Come, with haste Arbicos, Haedra has recently been rushed into the nursing house, your first born comes! A son mightier than any who have stood before, I’m sure.” Arbicos nodded at the captain, still smiling.
“Thank you, Cilimus, Listos, ride to your father’s and gather any family who aren’t aware; your aunt will want them all present.”
“Yes uncle.” His horse galloped out of sight between the walkways of his home and Arbicos himself made haste towards Cele’s nursing house.  The town appeared unusually empty. The warlord assumed its inhabitants were likely in a heat of trading, he knew not of the regular occurrences amidst its hardened routes for he seldom walked the streets.
“The warlord is here! It’s Arbicos!” A stable worker cried out. The Athenian steadied his steed and leapt down from the leather saddle. He landed, turning to walk towards the large clay complex though was immediately stricken by the sight of a reddened, bloody Ptorios near fall lifelessly from Emartes’ nursing house. With a look of stricken fear upon his face he stumbled towards Arbicos with bloody hands held high.
“Ptorios?” The warlord stared at him with grave desperation. Tears filled the bandage dresser’s eyes.
“I’m sorry, Arbicos,” he sniffed, “it’s Haedra.” The warlord’s own grief ridden eyes gazed intensely at the male.
“What of her, Ptorios?” The dresser’s lips began to tremble, falling to his knees before Arbicos, he blubbered his words with bloody hands still held before him.
“She’s dead.” Arbicos fell silent; his eyebrows sank, drifting into oblivion.
An immediate searing pain burned through his gut. “Why?” He whimpered. No thoughts filled his mind. He scrunched his face staring bitterly into the abyss. Ptorios stood in silence. The young male began huffing, looking up into the sky, water drowned his lost eyes. “Why!” He wheezed, “what have I done so wrong in my life? I uphold your oath!” With heavy breaths he turned away from the nursing house. He knew not how to react nor disperse the crippling agony, the only light he had ever known in this life of misery was no more. 
The broken male walked hesitantly back to the horse that carried him home and leapt back up on its saddle without speaking. He dug his heals at its ribs and forced it into a powerful gallop away from Cele. For much time Ptorios helplessly watched his leader charge away towards the horizon. Suddenly the dresser was disturbed by a yelling voice that called out from the nursing house in which Haedra had fallen.
“The precision cut worked! The child is alive! A boy!” With a glowing face Emartes yelled out to Ptorios who turned abruptly about, yelling to his warlord, but it was too late, he was far away out of sight and sound. 


Chapter 6.

North of Cele a fuming Arbephest galloped Annabelle hard across the planes of Greece, his fury boiled such that the terrifying earth quake that shook his home some time past had not fazed him in the slightest. Pathetic bastard. Wasted skin. His irritation fumed at thought of his king’s words.
Upon leaving the heavily guarded town of Athenia he knew not where else to turn than to his fellow warlord. He strained Annabelle greatly, urging her ever faster towards Cele. At sight of the town’s ancient streets the warlord slowed her up, she panted heavily for breath, snorting wildly for air. Arbephest leaned forward from the light leather saddle and stroked his hand through the mare’s thick silvery hair. He took no pleasure in pushing her to such limits; however he knew she was more than capable of his requirements. Rest now, Annabelle, he whispered to her in his tongue in hopes to calm her breathing further. 
The warlord was shocked at how quiet the streets of Cele were, lazy bastards. Amidst the first walkway he dismounted his steed, landing with a heavy thud upon the earth. Grasping at her leather straps he lead Annabelle in between the clay houses until he took sight of an Athenian soldier.
Immediately recognising his scarred face the young male stood to attention and nodded at Arbephest who did not return the gesture. “Where’s your warlord, boy?”
“He took a hasty leave after returning from Europa, my lord, people say,” he paused for a moment in hesitance though quickly continued as Arbephest’s burning eyes turned focus upon him, “they say his wife has passed in the nursing house.” 
“Passed his child? Speak sense, lad.” The soldier paused again, only frustrating his warlord further.
“She’s dead, my lord.” The rage that burned within Arbephest suddenly resided for an immediate feeling of overwhelming pity ensnared him. The warlord knew the location of Emartes’ nursing house and with a gentle tug lead Annabelle through the streets of Cele towards the large clay complex. Sat upon a wooden stairwell that lead up to the house entrance, Arbephest identified the bandage dresser who had tended to many of his own wounds in the past.
“Ptorios?” He released the leather mount straps, looking upon the male; his eyes were still smeared with blood where he had attempted to wipe away his tears with drenched hands. “Where is Arbicos?” The Athenian shook his head slowly, his lower lip quivering.
“Cilimus said he rode south east, my lord, warlord Arbicos would not allow him to follow.” Without a thought Arbephest span about and leapt back upon his mount, turning her head he prepared Annabelle to trot, but steadied her for a moment, looking again at Ptorios.
“What of Haedra and their child?” The dresser shook his head speaking with a lifeless monotone.
“She bled to death; Emartes cut a baby from her stomach after she succumbed. A boy, alive, though frail, I knew not until it was too late.” For a moment Arbephest became stricken in thought. He was certain he knew of his kinsman’s destination for he had shared the special place of solemn with the young man in harvests past, yet if he should pursue Arbicos he may lose precious time attending to the dangers Tuth had informed him were falling upon Europa. At a whim he made his choice, with the lightest gesture he urged Annabelle forward, breaking the silence to head south east.
Some distance away in the midst of the Hellenic countryside a lone tree stood. A giant said to be as old as time itself; planted at the first harvest when Hephaestus and Athena sprang life into Greece. It was the olive tree under which Arbicos and Haedra had been wed not so many harvests past.
Have strength, Annabelle, so unusual was his relationship with the mare, at the sound of his voice she was stimulated, appearing to understand each word that was uttered. He did not need to snap at her reigns nor whip her; she galloped with such tremendous power, aware of the urgency in his voice.
To the south east of Cele, far from any forests, to the west of the country’s shoreline the green plane rested. Arbephest shunned any idea of the makers and the stories spoken of them, yet had heard upon many occasions that this field was the field of Elysium, where the spirits of the dead gathered to serve the Hellenic makers. Despite his refusal of his people’s beliefs, to merely be upon these grounds caused him a feeling of unexplainable unease.
Annabelle galloped with great stamina. Arbephest could only put thought to one troubling factor, though he needed his peer’s assistance, he too needed to rest his anxiety that Greece was not on the dawns of an unimaginable invasion, that Tuth’s words were merely exaggerated whispers.
The warlord did not let Annabelle rest until sight of the olive tree dawned upon him. He immediately noticed a single horse stood beneath its towering branches but there was no sign of Arbicos. Annabelle trotted forward while he scoured the horizon in search of the young male. As the details of the ancient tree became more distinguishable an overwhelming moment of confusion and shock struck the rugged veteran.
A body hung from a thick branch by a chord of unidentifiable material, a sight unseen by Arbephest nor one he had ever imagined. He yelled out at Annabelle and she burst once more into gallop, rushing with an anxious fervour for thought he was too late, Arbephest leapt down from his mount before she had even ceased her movement.
He ran to Arbicos, lifting him with a mighty roar. He withdrew his short sword and cut the leather strap that held its death grip upon his kinsman. Pinned against the tree from which he hung, Arbephest loosened the noose and the young male began to splutter. Blood and phlegm sprayed to the floor before Arbephest swung a heavy blow to Arbicos’ abdomen causing him to abruptly lose his foothold and collapse to the ground.
“Get up you selfish bastard! Get up!” Arbephest’s gaze burned with a horrific malice, glaring at his peer he was disgusted by what he saw. His fix upon the male did not last long however, falling upon his back Arbicos burst into tears before his old friend causing Arbephest to look away.
“She’s gone.” The warrior sobbed, glaring up at the reddening skies. Arbephest looked back at him frowning, he shook his head.
“You have a son, Arbicos.” He looked at Arbephest drearily.
“A son? I... Why did Ptorios not say?” With drowned eyes he laid back upon the fertile green grass.
“He didn’t know, Arbicos, the child was cut from his mother after she died. Get up you moron,” he stepped over to Arbicos, and offering a hand hauled him back up to his feet. Shaking his head he turned away, walking to Annabelle. “I’m sorry for your loss, brother, no man should have to endure such a fate, but your son needs you in life, your country needs you, I do.” Mounting up, Arbephest sat and waited in silence for the young male to gather himself, had his neck not been so muscular the chord would have likely snapped it in two as he made his efforts to end his misery.
The young man breathed heavily, he made no attempt to quell the pain where the chord had gripped him, he stood on the spot swaying for some moments in silence.
Arbephest knew Arbicos did not take death lightly, though he was unaware of how important his wife’s life was to the preservation of his own, and as much as he wished to avoid pressing him with matters that were clearly of no current concern to him, the news he had to share simply could not wait.
“Arbicos,” he turned Annabelle to face his peer, who continued to sway, staring without focus. “Get on your horse, brother, and pass me her reigns.” The male did not react causing Arbephest to sigh, he leapt down from Annabelle and approaching the lifeless form grasped his shoulders with a firm grip. The young male began to well once more.
“What will I do, Arbephest?” He spoke quietly without looking at his kinsman.
“You’ll get on your horse, Arbicos, and we’ll ride home, and you’ll hold your son in your arms as Haedra would have wished you to,” falling quiet for a moment in search of something that might comfort the young man, all Arbephest could think of were words that he himself did not believe. “If all that those old psychotic bastards whisper of, of the afterlife and our makers happens to be true, Arbicos, then Haedra will never leave you. She is by your side now, she will be until your time comes to join her in this very field. She would not wish you deny yourself of the rest of your living days. She’ll be watching you with every passing moment as you raise your boy, give her something to be proud of, Arbicos.” Tears continued to gather in the young warlord’s eyes, he looked up at Arbephest, nodding quickly a number of times. “Come, mount up, hand me her reigns.” This time Arbicos complied. The battle scarred warrior took his leather chords, keeping his mount close, and urged Annabelle into a light canter to return home, though what home truly was now, Arbephest did not know.
The day was becoming late; Arbephest had no desire to be caught by the shadows that lurked amidst the Hellenic wilderness upon a mount that had already been strained to her limits and a companion who was more lifeless than his mare. He urged the horses onwards, suddenly noticing the sheer peculiarity of the sky.
Rarely did the veteran pay much attention to detail, yet he felt truly alarmed at the deep red canvas above him, it seemed the blue of the world was fading away and some great power was replacing it. He could never have understood such an anomaly, nor any that stood within the Pillars, so strange were the times.
After much distance allowing his young peer to gather himself Arbephest explained all that had occurred since Tuth had arrived in Rhoma, to the moment the warlord arrived in Cele. He trailed the story to an abrupt finish at this detail however, to avoid the subject he knew already consumed Arbicos’ thoughts from delving him deeper into the darkness.
Arbicos scarcely reacted while Arbephest spoke; the death of Tuth was clearly irrelevant compared to his own troubles, and mention of his king’s dismissal of Arbephest preparing the Athenian army brought little change. It was not until Arbephest began to speak, with reluctance, of the vessel above Rhoma’s temple that the young male’s attention was caught.
“Marching home from Cele we came across a smallholding; a veteran and his family lived there. He too spoke of boats in the skies above Greece.” Arbephest slowed Annabelle down to a trot, the men would soon have sight of Cele and he wished for the warlord to speak on the subject.
“What did he say, Arbicos?” The young male spoke drearily without turning his head.
“I didn’t question him on the subject, I thought he was delusional.” Arbephest exhaled heavily through his nose, he felt wildly anxious and disturbed at thought of something he could not explain.
Daylight was hastily fading, yet he noticed a figure far ahead of him upon a mount. Beyond him the boarders of Cele rested in the shadows of the horizon.
“Warlords!” Cilimus galloped his horse with a dire urgency struggling to slow her up upon approach of the men. “Word has arrived from Rhoma, my lords, Hellenic coastal scouts have been informed by fishermen that a number of enormous vessels, they’re sure are not Egyptian nor Hellenic, have been sighted off the northern most shores of Greece, at the Northern Pinnacle. Leteos says that Rhoma is in uproar, Arbephest, for they knew not where you were.” Arbephest glimpsed back at Arbicos, in the darkness of the night his injury was indistinguishable, still the scarred veteran shook his head in frustration.
“How many vessels?” 
“They were far upon the horizon, warlord, they were certain of five before they fled ashore.”
“Leteos is still here?” Arbephest had not stopped Annabelle as the aged Athenian approached; Cilimus turned his horse about and trailed.
“He has ridden on to Athenia, warlord; another troop captain had made his way there from Rhoma in your absence, Halos, I believe.” Their mounts trotted amidst the streets of Cele. In every direction Athenian soldiers stood in arms, the streets were packed despite two thirds of Arbicos’ army being absent, still returning from Arillia. Arbephest looked about nodding to himself, he could feel the atmosphere alive with a thrilling fervour, it was the feeling of war.
“Athenian, how is your stable stocked?”
“We have a number of fine mares, my lord, this way.” Riding through the clay streets Arbicos remained lifeless, sitting slouched upon his mount. At the heart of the town, alike to Rhoma, the large complex rested. Arbephest leapt down from Annabelle. He immediately turned to assist Arbicos though the young male had already dismounted before his kinsman reached him. Arbephest glanced his way and nodded before turning about to look over the steeds. He heard the two Athenians talking outside while he examined the horses.
“I’m truly sorry for your loss, warlord, the strength of your son at least shines forth already.” There was a moment of silence before he heard Arbicos quietly reply.
“Thank you, Cilimus, return to your post now, I’ll see warlord Arbephest off.” Hearing the hooves of  Cilimus’ mount canter away, Arbephest returned from the stable with a horse of his own. He lead it over to Annabelle before resting a heavy hand upon his mare’s cheek, she snorted lightly at his touch.
“Rest, Annabelle,” he smiled, grooming her, a rare sight to see, his brutally ravaged face beaming amidst all the grimacing he did, still it was concealed by the darkness. “Arbicos, take good care of her whilst I’m gone, remain in Cele if you wish, I’ll see to the Northern Pinnacle. Peremes will surely grant me control of the armies now speak of this invasion isn’t just words. I hope you find peace with your son, brother.” With tears in his youthful eyes Arbicos nodded at Arbephest and the men grasped arms. Arbephest nodded a number of times to replace words before heaving himself up onto the leather saddle of his new mount. He felt uncomfortable upon its back, so used to Annabelle he was, yet he was without choice, and would rather his beloved mare get rest than run her down further. He whipped at the steed’s reigns to turn her about before urging her onwards with a great roar to the west, towards Athenia and his king.



Arbephest rode alone in the darkness, not once letting up on the galloping steed, though he had a secret soft spot for the welfare of things, and though in the face of an army of murderous barbarians he did not know fear, being all alone in the dark in the midst of the countryside was a place no man wished to find himself.
Little was distinguishable to the warrior’s vision despite his impeccable senses, they only made his paranoia greater, the thought of a hungry gnarling beast springing from the flora could be triggered at the sound of an imaginary disturbance.
On a number of occasions the rugged war veteran was startled by rustling foliage or disturbed branches far away in the darkness, but all his paranoia would come to a climactic combustion at the moment he heard the deep grunts of those most bloodthirsty clawed beasts of the wilds.
The rate of his beating heart trebled in an instant, he whipped harder at his horse’s reigns despite her powerful legs already pulsating at her greatest pace, faster, he whispered for he could hear many of them now, but he could not see them. In the pitch dark of the deceitful tranquillity he heard the padding paws and the heavy pants; they were watching him, tracking him. 
Arbephest yelled aloud at the steed, even at sight of the smallest patch of firelight upon the horizon he did not stop whipping at her, he knew he was not safe. The panting breaths were now either side of him, the low grunting huffs cut a shrill shiver through him for memory of seeing what he hoped was not in the darkness shrouded his mind.
The sound of their pounding paws began to speed up, he could feel them encroaching yet all he could do was crack at the horse’s reigns with a dire urgency. He knew it would not be enough. Withdrawing his short sword he held it to his chest, glancing all about with rigid head movements in anticipation of attack. He felt the nape of his neck twitch before a symphony of quiet laughter resonated in his mind. The padding paws and loud panting grunts suddenly resided back into the night. Upon sight of numerous Athenian shields dimly reflecting the moonlight he felt a tremendous surge of relief.
Breathing awkwardly the warlord did not slow his horse up until it was between the blockades of Athenia. The guards each stood stiffly with shields raised, as they recognised Arbephest’s unique face their battle stance stood to one of respectful attention.
“Warlord.” The word muffled amongst them.
“Athenians,” he nodded slightly, “has it been long since Leteos arrived? A troop captain from Cele.” The men’s gazes fell to confusion, some of them shook their heads.
“Warlord? A troop captain from Rhoma has been our only visitor this evening; Halos awaits you in the king’s chamber.” Arbephest looked back into the darkness and shivered, he had not known the giant predators to come this close to Hellenic towns in the past, nor that any were even still alive. He had only laid eyes upon a great cat once; it was deceased, though its bloody, ghastly mouth and huge hanging claws had taught him all he needed to know about the dangers of the wilderness. His battle scarred face hid his worries, such a naturally remorseless expression he had. “Was he expected, my lord?” The guards continued to stare at their leader.
The warlord made no gestures to them, he simply urged his mount lightly onwards between the wooden blockades of Athenia, “keep your wits about you.” The men nodded at his words, still appearing puzzled.
The streets of Athenia were quiet, fires lit the town up yet there was no life amidst the walkways unlike the chaos in Cele. He made haste to king Peremes’ fort, and dismounting his steed bound her to a wooden post. Heleon nodded at the warlord and escorted him into the ancient building without words said.
Still shaken from his ride through the wilds, and thoughts of Arbicos’ guard captain succumbing to the feral beasts of the darkness, Arbephest shuddered. He stepped into the open chamber in which Halos already stood; Heleon joined them as the men awaited their king to speak.
“Where is warlord Arbicos?” The small man lifted his chin from his fist looking upon Arbephest uneasily.
“Warlord Arbicos has a matter dear to his heart to attend to, my king, he apologises for his absence.”
“What matter could be dearer than to attend a summoning by your king?” Arbephest sighed staring back at Peremes.
“A matter I’m sure he’ll share when the time is right, my king.” While Arbephest spoke Peremes’ adolescent face glanced between the captains, he feared what the warlord might say in front of the men.
“Halos, Heleon, you may leave. We have little to discuss.” At these words Arbephest’s thoughts fell to confusion.
“My king.” The men muttered, turning to leave, they bowed their heads slightly.
“Halos,” the warlord stopped his captain, placing a heavy hand upon his arm, “wait for me outside, we’ll ride to Rhoma together.” Halos nodded once more, then left the chamber. “My king, you will not grant the warlords of Greece command of the Hellenic armies?”
“All that I have commanded still stands, Arbephest, you may take five hundred of your men and search the coastline, to march the entire Athenian army to the north of Greece because some fishermen claimed to have seen a few boats on the ocean is not something I shall allow.” Arbephest simply could not understand his king’s attitude, the high priest’s words had almost certainly been confirmed, and still he dismissed them. “Did you send word to the Egyptians, Arbephest? To inform them of what you have done?” On more occasions than he could recollect, the warlord had wondered to himself how his country had fallen into such frail hands.
“Peremes,” he knew not what words to utter, instead he sighed and turned about to make his leave from the quarters.
“Do not turn away from me, Arbephest!” His king squawked at him though he paid no heed, stepping into the cool passageway that lead back into the streets of Athenia, “disobey me and you shall be stripped of your title Arbephest!” Peremes’ child like voice continued to reverberate throughout the structure as Arbephest stepped back into the night. He nodded at Halos and the men remounted, hastily making their leave.



The warriors seldom spoke whilst their mares galloped away across the Hellenic hills. The warlord’s paranoia was still ablaze for thoughts of where the beasts of the night might have ventured.
“Will you do as he commands, warlord?” Arbephest did not look upon his captain; he had little interest in conversing.
“For now,” he grunted. His burning spheres stared onwards into the blackness.
The sound of Rhoma could be heard long before the sight of fire blazing beyond its derelict walls. Hundreds of Athenian soldiers patrolled the town’s aged blockades, geared for battle, the warlord nodded to himself at the sight. His captains knew their warlord was a man who welcomed war, they knew he would expect his troops to be ready to march and lay down their lives for Greece on his command.
Warlord. The word echoed in the air as he trotted the steed amidst the walls of his home, Halos was not once acknowledged amidst Rhoma’s streets, Arbephest’s renown far exceeded his own.
Stood at the entrance of Rhoma’s armoury was a young troop captain. Phelan had celebrated his eighteenth harvest not long past, and was a warrior that shone in the warlord’s eyes. His short black hair and muscular physique did not separate him in appearance from his peers, but he fought with great ferocity and authority on the field of battle, traits that Arbephest looked for in a man who might one day succeed him.
“Arbephest,” his voice was still light from youth. The young male grasped arms with his warlord and nodded with respect, “have you heard news of the coasts?”
“Indeed, Phelan, though Peremes dismisses the word as rumour.”
“Many more ships have since been sighted off the Northern Pinnacle, warlord, they appear to be watching our shores. None of our fishermen have come in close contact with them yet they insist their vessels are getting closer. The coasts have been cleared of trade and fishing fleets for fear they might be hostile.” Arbephest cursed under his breath with frustration, resting a hand upon his head.
“Shouldn’t we send word to Panthea, warlord?” Halos’ aged face looked gravely upon Arbephest.
“The trireme have been launched, captain, Theleos sails to Egypt in search of answers.”
“The Egyptians know of this? Why don’t we?”
“The high priest of Sais who was murdered one moon past had news of an invasion from beyond the Pillars of Heracles, he said that Apep dismissed his scouts information, our own king is blinded in his insolence by the fact that the priest was slain on Athenian territory. He orders just five hundred men march to inspect the rumours of these vessels. I’m certain they’re hostile, they are the people Tuth spoke of.” Phelan and Halos shook their heads in disbelief before the young captain spoke up.
“Should we not just send a scout to confirm the whispers, warlord?”
“Scouts will watch the shores of the Northern Pinnacle over night, if the vessels keep their distance then we’ll march at first light tomorrow and make our presence known. If they encroach any further throughout the night however, we’ll march as soon as is necessary. If their numbers are truly overwhelming we need not engage, the rest of Greece can be alerted.” This time the men nodded at thought of the plan, though Halos knew of his leader’s madness, even in the face of certain doom. He had lead men to their deaths against overwhelming odds in times past, himself being dragged from a battlefield unconscious and long thought dead before miraculously recovering. 
How the warlord was still alive the captain did not know, he simply believed him to be a gift to his people from the makers themselves. “Halos, lead a party to Cele and inform them that more ships have been seen along the coasts of Greece, that they’re to be prepared to march should it be necessary.”
“Warlord, I would be quicker to ride alone.” Arbephest shook his head.
“Upon this night, Halos, ride with a party, and be armed. Go.” The aged captain believed his warlord to be fearful that the boats upon the coasts of his country might already have deployed troops to scout the Athenian lands; he was unaware that the beasts amidst the wilderness were most prominent in his mind. “Phelan, assemble five hundred of Rhoma’s warriors to march at first light, tell them to get rest but be prepared to march at any moment this night. Before that make haste to my parents, inform them that before day breaks I’ll feast with them, for after I march to war. You won’t march yourself, Phelan. I have a task I wish you to pursue.” With a disappointed look upon his face the young male nodded at his warlord and went without objection.
The night was becoming late, the warlord sought rest and a moments calm for he knew not what tomorrow would bring. Making his way out of the blockades of Rhoma and up the stone steps towards his home, he felt the heavy press of his existence fall upon him. It had been a day like none the warlord had known, he felt grief for his brother, though never imagined he would go as far as taking his own life.
Inside his abode the rooms were empty, where Anna could have been confused him. In the past he laid with her each night before leaving his home to march, to see her now absent brought pain to his heart. In his strange state of paranoia he boarded his home’s entrance up for thoughts of the bloody cats leaping from the shadows still haunted him, despite Athenian soldiers patrolling the outskirts of his town.
Laying down, his mind and body burned with anxiety and excitement, he lusted for day break, the mere idea of upholding the virtues of his country once more enthralled his mind, clearing it of the thoughts of his lost love and the image of Arbicos hanging from the olive tree. The heavy strains of the day however kept his focus upon the idea from lasting; he could never have anticipated what tomorrow’s light would bring as darkness swept his conscience.


Chapter 7.

He knew he was not dreaming for he could see only darkness as his slumber was disturbed. Just before the glorious rays of the sun’s light dawned all across Europa, Arbephest sat abruptly upright and sprang from his bed grasping at his short sword that rest against the stone wall of his chamber. The sound of crashing woodwork startled him out of his wits though as he stood prepared to slay anything that might be about to intrude his abode his senses rapidly returned and he recognised the alert sound of Phelan’s voice.
“Phelan? What’s up lad? I’m awake.”
“The vessels are encroaching, warlord, the men are ready to march on your command, I’ve informed your parents you come to them. Talia pleaded you should visit before you make leave. They’re coming, my lord.”
“Make haste to my parents and inform them my visit will be brief, ensure the men marching have each filled their stomachs and are capable of anything that might be demanded of them.”
“Yes, warlord.” Phelan turned about and sprinted down the granite walkway leading into Rhoma whilst Arbephest laced his warrior garbs upon himself. Tying the leather satchel together he looked over his skin drearily, and for a fleeting moment wondered to himself what life might have been if he had not known war, and did not stand ruined as he did. Without concluding his own thoughts his imagination dissipated, he turned about, crotch piece and heavy warlord’s belt secured. He set out towards his parents near the heart of Rhoma.
Arbephest’s mother was a stout framed bull of a woman, though with a face of beauty, his father was a small unimpressive man in stature, yet there was no one whose company Arbephest preferred than that of his father’s. Approaching the clay house he was warmly welcomed in by Phesten who stood eagerly in his doorway, delighted to see his son.
“Sit down, lad.” His mother said with a loving a smile, her eyes darted towards her husband, and rolling them she raised her eyebrows causing Arbephest to grin like a small child. Talia turned away to test the ingredients simmering away in her bronze pot.
“Where’s your wife, son?” Phesten looked up grinning at Arbephest, unaware of the warlord’s troubles with his love, “I’ve told you not to turn up here unless you bring that beauty along with you, you’re lucky your old man didn’t get inside first.” He clapped his hands together and rubbed them for a split moment before Talia whirled around in an abrupt outburst and gave him a heavy slap to the back of his head.
“Watch your tongue, moron, you think such a beautiful woman would take a second glance at you?” She shook her head, turning about.
“No, but she might take a second glance at the size of what hangs between my legs!” The old man burst into laughter and Arbephest smirked before his mother gave him a glaring look. Reduced to a smile he watched his father imitate the actions of mounting a woman over the table of their small home before Talia gave him another heavy slap to his head and he slouched onto one of the wooden stools that surrounded the simple table. “Lucky you were blessed with the strength of this old mule than that of your father, my boy.” Phesten grinned again as Talia took a third swing at her husband, this time he ducked and burst into laughter once more.
At a young age Arbephest was often teased for his mother being the masculine figure in his family, however jokes about him gaining his strength from a woman did not last long. He quickly surpassed his peers in strength and his unbound fury put rest to any man that dared speak a foul word against his family. Talia’s essence was his own, he fought for his country as when a mother fights to protect her new born in nature.
Talia was aware her son’s time was short and hastily shared the stew out into clay pots, pushing the majority of the mixture into Arbephest’s. They split a loaf of crusted bread and with wooden spoons set upon the meal like a pack of wild animals. It took some time for someone to speak up between the great mouthfuls of succulent food.
“How’s Anna been of recent, lad? Much time has passed since her last visit.” His mother always took great pleasure in having Anna under her roof, for she took a keen interest in anything Arbephest did. He did not wish to admit however that recently her actions towards him had become their most distant, they had scarcely spoken since Haedra had fallen pregnant with Arbicos, as though she had been making a statement of her disdain towards his inability to reproduce.
“She’s had much work to do with the townsfolk lately, I’m sure she means no harm by it, a mere overlook. I’ll be sure to bring her along with me next time I visit.” He took a mouthful of water and continued to chew at the filling bread.
“We heard the stories of Arbicos’ loss, son.” His father spoke sincerely with a mouthful of food, instantly gaining the attention of Talia’s unimpressed gaze.
“If I could cut out the tongue of every bastard-”
“Watch your own tongue under this roof lad!” His mother erupted at the sound of her son’s words cutting his sentence short. There was not a man on the planet who would have dared speak to Arbephest in this way, nor was there another person in the world whom he would so unquestioningly obey. He stopped chewing for a moment and took a swig of water from the burnt clay chalice.
“If I could cut out the tongue of every beggar,” he looked up briefly at his mother with a smile on his face, “who cared to whisper of another man’s business, Greece would be full of towns of men who could not speak.”
“How does he fair?” His mother said, watching her family wolf down the greatly satisfying meal.
The image of Arbicos hanging lifelessly from the olive tree had been troubling Arbephest’s mind since he had seen it. “He perseveres.” He lifted the water tankard without looking at his parents. His food was finished. They sat for some time in silence whilst Phesten finished his own meal. The moment his wooden spoon clattered empty against the table he stood up, there were no more comical looks upon his face nor ridiculous actions left to enact.
“I’ll be outside, lad.” Phesten spoke quietly, placing a hand upon his only child’s shoulder. The moment he left Arbephest looked up at his mother who was staring into his eyes. She knew not how to show affection to her boy, she had taught him everything there was to know about self respect and hardiness, traits she informed him every man should uphold if he was to be worthy of being called a man. It was the goodbye from his father that Arbephest feared more than anything in the world.
“You’ll be fine, son.” His mother said after much time spent examining his face, as if to get a lingering memory to picture should she ever lose him.
Phesten was already whimpering as Arbephest stepped outside the small home, he was squatting against the clay abode’s wall unable to control his emotion. Arbephest stood for a moment before Phesten rose, grasping his son, he hugged him tightly.
“Goodbye, my boy.” He quietly blubbered. Arbephest swallowed down the knot in his throat though he could not reply to his father for fear of succumbing to the weakness of tears. He would never grow accustomed to his father’s actions before he left to war, and as much as he longed to, he knew not how to tell his father how dearly important to him he was.
After a moment Arbephest gathered himself, he grasped Phesten’s arms and forced his grip from around him, “I’ll return before you know it, old man.” Through a crimped face his father looked at him with tears streaming down his cheeks. Arbephest nodded after meeting his gaze just briefly, then turning, made his way towards Rhoma’s armoury to collect his weaponry. 
Not once did he look back at his home nor his father, his mind could only be fixated upon one thing now. The only emotion that controlled his actions was that of a merciless, unbridled wrath that seeped from his pours and charged him with a fervour to see the blood of his enemy stained upon the floors of Greece. 


Chapter 8.

Arbephest stood alone outside the gates of Rhoma, the air was dry; the sky engulfed in thick pink clouds, they dipped so low it seemed they would begin to consume the land. Not a sound disturbed the silence. He halted for a moment, taking a deep breath to enjoy the cool morning air. Looking upwards, clutching his shield, he noticed the canvas above and was stricken by a pang of anxiety deep within. 
Beyond the northern walls of Rhoma, Arbephest’s five hundred chosen troops stood; ready in formation they awaited him. Upon sight of the battle scarred warrior pacing into view they cheered aloud, raising their shields and spears high into the sky with great excitement.
As their cheers quelled another sound staggered the quiet. The sound of hooves. Arbephest turned about to be met by the steeled gaze of his kinsman; Arbicos rested upon Annabelle’s back armed for war, with him Halos and the party who accompanied him to Cele. Shocked, he approached the male and his horse; he extended a hand to Annabelle causing her to neigh lightly at his touch.
“Arbicos? You should be with your son.” The young male shook his head, he was alert, and though he had obviously made an effort to clear his mind of his deepest miseries, there was still a darkness in his eye that Arbephest could never understand.
“He sleeps more than he is awake, Arbephest, Emartes and the wet nurses keep him well. I cannot rest in my home, it’s too much.” The aged warlord sighed but nodded his head.
“Very well, how did she ride?” Arbicos nodded without his expression falling away from its emptiness.
“As if guided by Athena herself.” Arbephest laughed lightly through his nose dismissing the thought. His peer leapt down from her saddle before the mare’s owner lead her around the blockades of Rhoma, between its derelict entrance. Leading Annabelle he heard his men call out Arbicos’ name and applaud with great stimulation at sight of him. It brought great comfort to know  the revered warrior would march by his side while they scoured the coasts of his home. 
Ten miles north of Rhoma the shoreline of Greece extended steadily to a blunt pinnacle, which in this day heralded the northern most point of the country. The land was greatly elevated some hundreds of meters before the coastline at which point a slope lead steadily down to the grassy beaches. The rich ocean was farmed in abundance by hordes of fishermen all year round, to even think that his countrymen were being denied access to their own waters fuelled Arbephest’s rage.
Before the descent to the coastline, the majority of the northern countryside was covered in patches of dense forests that were scarcely explored areas of wilderness, avoided by the likes of the Hellenic people. Many a manhunt Arbephest could recall in his past, in search of people who had gone missing in the night, or strayed too far away from society in the day, and succumbed to whatever lurked in the wilds.
Returning beyond the northern walls of Rhoma he looked once more upon his men, Arbicos had joined the ranks to stand as any other Athenian soldier attending to Arbephest’s command. “Prepare march!” He yelled and the united clatter of five hundred shields turning and colliding in unison staggered out bluntly in the dense air. The warlord of Rhoma walked ahead of his men and stared at them. They each knew that brutal glare; that ruined face that knew no mercy. He nodded slowly, gazing intently at one man, and then the next.
He knew all who stood before him had seen combat, he knew they were aware of what he expected of them, and hoped they each held the virtues of their nation as dearly as he did. “Warriors of Greece!” His men were riled up at his words; they clashed their spears against bronze shields and stamped their feet, yelling the warlord’s name. “A darkness from beyond the Pillars comes unprovoked to our shores, one that wishes to burn our towns to the ground and rape our wives and children. This nation believes it can simply sack our country as though we were any other, that they can walk over us upon the field of battle and take from us all that our forefathers fought for!” The men continued to howl, funnelling their disgust at such thoughts into the air. “These worthless bastards believe they can go unchallenged by any nation, but they’re unaware of what they’ll awake from its slumber. The united might of the Hellenes will meet this pestilence head on, we will not back down nor surrenders arms; our enemy will soon learn of the virtues of Greece as we lay waste to them, they will soon know the true meaning of war! Forward march!” His men roared with a wild vigour, stepping onwards to begin their trek towards the shores of their home. Before he turned Arbephest noticed that even Arbicos appeared alive at his words, his gaze was wide, and the scarred veteran hoped he had sparked a fire inside him that would burn long enough to see this enemy wiped from the lands of his home.
Despite the eeriness of the clouds above, the land was remarkably still, no winds stirred nor did nature disturb the quiet, the former displeased the warlord of Rhoma however, for a cool wind was most pleasant in the demanding heat of battle.
His men marched in two ranks, separated by some feet, twenty five men across and ten in depth, each with a captain at the front and rear of the troops, these men held no authority over their kinsmen, they were merely recognisable faces responsible for the assembly of their warlord’s army before marching to war.
Arbephest marched amidst the gap that separated his men, setting their pace of movement. From time to time he would smirk at the sounds of some ridiculous comment or yell out to reply to some irrelevant question. More often than not the anxiety of being war bound would grip him to silence.
“It’s been too long since we fought by one another’s side, Arbephest!” An Athenian yelled out to his leader above the commotion of a thousand marching feet, despite him being just a few meters away.
“Indeed, Vasilios, let us hope there is a fight ahead of us.”
“When was your first battle, warlord?” A young male this time yelled out, yet Arbephest did not recognise his voice.
“Not long past my fifteenth harvest, Athenian, longer ago than I care to remember.”
“Fifteenth?-”
“Tell the young troops how you were raped by your wet nurse before you first marched to war, Arbephest.” Vasilios turned his head as he yelled so that all of Arbephest’s troop could hear, his voice however was met only by Arbephest’s mocking laughter, he turned about to look upon his men, walking backwards.
“This man who speaks first marched to war when your warlord did, three harvests advanced on your warlord, and he is jealous for before I left I felt the warmth of a woman, while he was still suckling at his mother’s chest!” A momentary racket of laughter flooded through the ranks though each man’s concentration abruptly fixated upon something in the distance and the amusement of the moment vanished. Arbephest turned to see a lone rider galloping hard across the land far in the distance.
“Forward pace!” He yelled and his army’s marching speed doubled.
The morning was wearing on. The clouds above the Athenians were becoming thinner, though their deep pink appearance did not reside. The warlord of Rhoma knew his army was more than halfway to the Northern Pinnacle, and that soon he would have an un-obscured view of the shoreline from high above for many miles. 
Deep inside he hungered for combat, he lusted after that most ecstatic feeling of taking a man’s life, the feeling of overcoming his enemy and standing victorious before an army of thousands each chanting Arbephest’s name as if he were himself a maker.
The lone rider and the Athenian army enclosed upon one another, meters away the galloping steed was steadied up, it sweated and neighed aloud flustered by the relentless charge its owner had just forced upon it.
“Warlords!” Despite Arbicos being stood in line, the Athenian immediately recognised his unscathed face amidst the ranks of his kinsmen, and the heavy belt of his makers that enveloped his waste. Arbephest stepped out to greet him, excited by the man’s urgency.
“Men unlike any I have seen begin to line the coasts of Greece, warlord Arbephest, at the Northern Pinnacle, their numbers are small but more vessels come from the ocean, they grow with each passing moment. Do more Athenians come?”
“For the moment we are alone, your king has ordered it so, if their numbers are still small we will continue our route north and make our presence known.”
“Should I return by horseback warlord? In case their numbers grow beyond your men’s capability to combat them?” Arbephest smirked inside at thought of such a thing.
“No, ride to Athenia, inform king Peremes we are being invaded by a power from beyond the Pillars, that troops are to be assembled to march north and south. These rumours are no longer mere words, Athenian, ride to Rhoma and choose a fresh mount, then ride with haste to alert Greece. Go.” The scout nodded at his leader and with another cry urged his huge steed onwards around the five hundred men before him. Without a moments hesitance Arbephest yelled out to his troops. “Forward march!” They clattered their spears against shields and again their pounding feet staggered the silence of the morning air.
For the rest of their march the warlord’s army was quiet. The rider had confirmed to them they would see combat, and though none of them knew that regardless of their enemy’s numbers, their leader would order them to engage, they still each became anxious at thought of seeing this enemy whispered to come from beyond the Pillars.
Approaching the last green hills of their land before the descent to the shoreline, Arbephest raised his right arm and within moments all five hundred troops came to a rapid stand still. Slowly they trod towards the rim of the elevated land, allowing his vision to be cast out across the beaches of Greece. What he saw truly enraged the warlord.
“What’s this?” The scarred warrior’s nostrils flared and eye brows sank.
“The priest spoke the truth.” Arbicos appeared stricken in a daydream; he looked over the invaders through dreary eyes. Not Arbephest, Arbicos, nor any of the Athenian troops had ever seen living proof of men from beyond the Pillars before, nor did they know if a people even existed beyond them, yet here they were now, casually resting upon Hellenic mainland.
Those that could see stared for much time in silence down at the invaders who went about their business, unaware of the mass of Athenians who watched. Arbephest could look upon his enemy clearly; they were a tall race, slender, the majority unimpressive in muscular stature. Focusing upon their facial features an immediate shiver cut through him, he wiped a hand over his scarred mouth and chin. “They’ve walked among us.”
“Warlord?”
“Those skulls, they have the same skulls. One of their people was dead in the temple of Rhoma, the same light brown skin, the same etched features.” Arbephest began to huff through enraged breaths. “We’ll crush them where they sit! They’ll learn the penalty of stepping foot upon the lands of we Athenians. Prepare march.” How calm him voice was as he uttered those final words, steeled and relentless, he dropped his spear and withdrew his bronze sword, he wanted to bleed them dry and cut them limb from limb.
“Warlord? Their numbers far exceed our own, if we are all slain who will warn Greece?” A young male closest to Arbephest spoke out with desperation, the invaders numbers were no less than three men to a single Athenian, yet he was ignored, for the red haze had already ascended over his warlord’s vision.
“To the death in war!” The grizzled veteran bellowed furiously to his men, gesturing they lock regiments and advance upon their enemy. To the death in war, the words reverberated out amongst them. Their bronze shields enclosed and their spears became poised. Again their footsteps thudded away at the ground in unison as they began their descent towards the shores of their home and their enemy.
The Athenian ranks came together, advancing with great pace. Arbephest hastily noticed his encroaching army had been detected, his enemy began to scamper, clothed in bright gold sheets that reflected the dull rays of sunlight with far greater potency than the bronze shields his men carried. He could not make out a single metallic weapon amongst them, nor tell whether the garbs they donned was armour or merely for display.
His men charged forth to uphold the oaths of their country, presenting an unstoppable barrier of death that accelerated above all other things in wiping a battle field clear of life. As they hastened each man in the Athenian troop was suddenly stunted to a painstaking hobble. From beyond the ranks of their enemy some thundering bellow desecrated the sound barrier, piercing their ear drums, causing each warrior to hold ranks and grasp their heads in efforts to deter the horrendous sound.
As the haunting echo subdued them, some men screamed out in pain, others were fell to their knees grasping at their ears in vain to prevent the horrific pitch. Before the potent horns resided Arbephest looked up through strangulated eyes, he believed his ears deceived him for the devastating pitch was replaced by what he first mistook to be some giant drums, beating in unison from the enormous vessels floating steadily off shore.
“Arbephest –”
“Reform your lines! Onwards!” The scarred warlord stood straight, struggling to recuperate. The rest of his army made effort to imitate him. Stepping forward the heavy drums far in the distance each ceased. For a brief moment a layering development of confidence surged back through Arbephest’s veins before the weapons of his enemy were released in unison. An eerie sound like those hulking pawed beasts of the wild groaning in the night filled Arbephest’s ears but this was no animal. The cringing moan of woodwork filled the beaches of the Northern Pinnacle, yet the warlords could only watch in disbelief as gigantic boulders became air born from the looming vessels beyond the coast.
“Separate!” Arbicos yelled. Athenian troops began to scatter their ranks in hopes of escaping the immense chunks of granite that began hailing down from the skies. The colossal rocks crashed into the sands with earth shaking power causing waves of dust and earth to explode into the wind whipping and concussing the warriors caught in each wake of destruction. Men leapt in all directions for their lives, for some however their agility was not enough. Before the desperate moans and screams of the injured could demoralize Arbephest’s army the air became filled with the sounds of the echoing drums once more, and the sound of the Athenians’ enemy yelling across the beaches.
Arbephest strafed his movements desperately, watching them begin to form ranks, he shouted with frustration continuing to lead his men towards the invaders. Before the sound of clunking resided the air was filled again with that most horrific pitch. He fell upon one knee bellowing in agony, watching the enormous wooden structures rise far in the distance. At their pinnacle the boulders were released, enormous lumps of grey stone travelling at such speeds he felt an overwhelming moment of confusion in his dismay. 
The sounds of his surroundings became dull to his ears. He watched the giant fragments of rock loom across the skies and fall upon his men, paralyzed in awe he stared as a gigantic lump of granite hurtled towards him with ever growing pace. The corrosive sound of his enemy’s war horn fixed him in place, and as the shadow of death blocked out the sun he closed his eyes bracing himself for impact.
Pain shook through his abdomen just briefly before he gasped a mouthful of sand back into his throat, the giant stone structure exploded into the earth erupting debris into the air about its impact before a mighty grip grasped his arm. Arbicos heaved the aging veteran back up to his feet, pushing him onwards towards the shoreline and their enemy. “Reform your lines!” The young warlord called out to the men, un-phased by the desecration around him, “onwards!” Filling him with inspiration, Arbephest immediately dragged himself from his hindered state, he roared once more looking about at what was left of his men. Much of them still stood, advancing and reclosing their lines, their shields and spear tips prepared.
“For the Hellenes!” Arbephest broke into sprint and his men joined him. He could see the whites of his enemy’s eyes now, the looks of terror strewn upon their faces and constricted ability to act in the face of his bloodthirsty army.
One more moment of quiet filled the beach before the two forces abruptly collided shaking the calm. With the power of an almighty clap of thunder smashing against the ocean’s surface the Athenian’s crashed into their enemy, wave after wave of soldiers pushing those ahead. Reinforcing their ranks they prepared for a massacre.
Arbephest’s movement was brutally stunted by the lines of his enemy, as though he had ran straight into an impenetrable wall his face collided at once with a lingering hammer causing a moment of darkness to overcome him. Pain splintered his forehead, held up only for being pinned between two armies, the deep scar upon it burst open drenching his face in blood. The wild man hollered at the feeling, fuelling his adrenaline he thrust away mercilessly through the gaps in the Athenian shields causing the blood of his enemy to spew covering friend and foe alike.
Their defences were crude. Skin shields and blunt weaponry. Pathetic. Whomever the warlord next aimed to slaughter his psychotic gaze would fall upon, bright white eyes burning through the crimson mask that covered him. The words of Arbephest’s oath drummed deep in his mind whilst the thick blood in his eardrum distorted the sounds of his surroundings. The echo of war was a great orchestral symphony to him; the clash of a shield beside him, the step of a foot to his left, a map of his surroundings reverberated through his mind’s eye so attuned to battle he was.
All across the Athenian ranks the men held strong together. The sound of bronze deflecting hammering blows and ghastly cries of men falling wounded choked the beach. The slaughter ensued. Athenian spear tips thrust infinitely through the walls of shields easily deflecting the opaque mallets of their enemy falling upon them.
Into the heart of the invading army they pushed, laying waste to those stood before them, unrelenting as too their own men were laid to rest. Men were cut to pieces or crushed under the wake of their opposition causing the smell of iron and human waste to stagnate the air. Above all other sounds the bloodthirsty howl of Arbephest reverberated across the Northern Pinnacle.
With the appalling whimpers of the dying enveloping the Hellenic earth, Arbephest glared about himself wildly. Sweat and blood poured profusely from gashes and wounds all upon his grizzled skin, his men were heavily outnumbered, and though he was beginning to tire from the relentless peril of combat he knew there was much bloodshed left.
“Hold your lines!” With a gory roar he leapt into the ranks of shields pushing his men onwards. There was little structure to the intruder’s regiments, nor did they demonstrate any plan of action in the face of the warlord’s army. The bronze Athenian wall stood fast against the invaders, and as the battle raged on for what seemed to the men an eternity, the skies began to darken with gathering crows, drawn by the stench of dying humans, they circled patiently above waiting their turn.
The warlord knew his men would be pushed to their greatest limits yet still might fail at the hands of these usurpers, though the grizzled warrior would never back down nor give in; to his death he would rip the life of his enemy from their throats.
The last hundred or so Athenians still breathing fought desperately for their lives. They each became consumed by distress upon hearing the words they dreaded come bellowing out from Arbephest’s mouth. The command that meant death was as likely to take them to the darkness as life was to see them wake upon the dawns of a new day.
“Release!” The warlord of Rhoma yelled as loud as his starched voice would allow him, ordering his warriors to free their ranks and begin a mindless assault upon the overwhelming troops that were around and amongst them. The bloodshed took a turn into fast paced melee action for now, individually, the Athenians would demonstrate to their opposition why their nation was first in war.
Little more than a blur to Arbephest, a hurricane of blood and bone, screaming and last muttered breaths came to a climactic cacophony. All at once still overcame the sea of butchered wasting bodies strewn out endlessly before him. Heat waves poured up from the still warm blood of the deceased, joined by those foul stenches of battle, he glared with a wild bloodlust across the empty beach identifying just thirteen others still standing. Twelve of them were his company, one his enemy. Of the army that had outnumbered his men treble fold just one now stood, panting heavily the male looked exhausted from battle, he was unarmed and ravaged.
Arbicos watched the warlord of Rhoma advance upon his enemy with haste, the invader unaware of the raging butcher that approached. The ruined warrior swung his sword with massive force; blood sprayed everywhere as the blunted Athenian blade became embedded deep in the male’s neck, he did not die immediately though, his bulging eyes locked upon Arbicos. Upon hands and knees the male desperately gaped for breaths before Arbephest’s sandaled foot fell heavily upon his elongated skull, crushing his face into the blood bogged ground. 
The aging warlord stood up straight withdrawing his blade with a great struggle from the depths of the invader’s neck. Blood poured from his split lip and forehead basking down his face, he looked over the plane until he found Arbicos’ drifting gaze. The young man looked as though he was yet to fight, breathing as though he had not yet exerted himself, his face untouched and bronze sword still sheathed. His shield however told a different story. Fresh blood dripped from its rim, and layer upon layer of drier, darker fluids covered and stained the dim bronze aegis.
The unrivalled warrior fought first with his primary source of defence, there was great reason why his people said he was half the wall of their nation, Arbephest nodded a number of times at the sight but he could see Arbicos took no pleasure in his own capabilities.
The scarred veteran stumbled towards him panting heavily, desperately trying to regulate his breathing. Before any man in his company could rest the sounds of those great cranks once more ruptured the quiet beach.
“To the hills! Before we’re crushed!”
“Warlord –” a desperate cry came from the ground to Arbephest’s right, he turned to look upon a young Athenian whose skull had been half caved in, his face was scarcely distinguishable. “Help.” At his whimpering voice the veteran scrunched his face and exhaled heavily through his nose.
“Assist any who are still breathing, come!” With desperation he tried to heave the young male up. He was lost beneath a pile of corpses, each sinking into the bog of death beneath his feet. Arbephest’s frustration grew the faster and louder the sound of the drumming clunks became. Franticly he tried to release the young male’s body, though the moment the sounds of those wooden structures ceased so did his efforts. He sighed and looked upon the boy with the deepest regret before shaking his head. “You upheld the virtues of your country, lad, you’ve earned your death, you will not be forgotten.” As the cringing woodwork rattled off shore Arbephest did not take a moment to look at them. “To the hills!”
With his peers he ran for his life, assisting those who had successfully dragged some of the nearly deceased from the endless swamp of corpses. Not once did he peer back. He heard the sound of those gigantic boulders plummeting with unfathomable velocity down into the trough of dead. This time their impact did not cause the sound of heavy thudding however, but the squelching of human entrails and crunching of bones.
In a foul eruption waves of limbs and dismembered body parts became air born, fragments of bone and sheets of skin were torn from the decay, sealing the fate of those still dying. The moans did not take long to go quiet.
Arbephest stood dazed; a red and brown canvas covered him. Fresh blood still pulsing from the wounds on his face and body. What he saw was unbelievable. A fleet of at least fifteen further ships was approaching the coasts of Greece; they were enormous, unlike anything he had ever dreamed of. “These bastards dare walk upon our shores? Believing they can simply sack our country? They must know nothing of us Athenians!” It was not the thought of war with these usurpers that angered Arbephest most; it was the fact they knew nothing of his nation, and simply believed they could walk over it with as much ease as any other.
“Where do such numbers come from?” Arbicos appeared lost in a trance; his question was met only by Arbephest’s ferocity.
“More of their men come whilst ours lay dead on the ground! Curse Peremes for his stupidity! This was nothing but a slaughter!”
“Let’s return home, he’ll grant us the troops we need when he sees our scars of war.” 
“We’re Athenians! We fight until we die!” 
“And you think we can kill another army alone, Arbephest? They are not our battle! This was our battle, and we are victors! We must alert Greece, Peremes will allow us every Hellenic soldier that stands within our territory to march to war when he sees what’s become of us.”
“Flee from battle? It’s preposterous!” The bloodied warlord gazed at the shoreline through his psychotic glare.
“We’re not fleeing from battle… we’ve won our battle, now let us escape slaughter. What good are we to an army if we allow ourselves to be slain.” Arbephest still breathed heavily, he turned his face fixing upon Arbicos.
“What do you care for your own life, Arbicos?”
“The makers spared my life for a reason, Arbephest, this –”
“The makers!” He spat on the ground at the word, “I spared your life, Arbicos, look at me, you think the makers value the life of a warlord of Greece? There’s a reason why I stand where others don’t; it’s not because of some imaginary bollocks spewed at the mouths of men who’ve never taken up arms to stand for their country!”
“Believe what you will brother, I know I stand here now for a reason. Our nation needs us both, and I won’t give up my life until I know this country is free.” Arbephest breathed heavily, no longer for exhaustion, but for frustration. He turned about to walk towards home though swiftly turned again, unleashing a mighty roar of anger he hurled his short sword towards the ocean then turned once more without speaking.
His men followed without comment, the atmosphere so tense they dared not speak. The few they had dragged from the field of battle had already passed away from loss of blood. Their bodies were too numerous to carry back home and bury.
Arbicos stood for some moments longer staring at the colossal vessels already deploying smaller boats full of garbed males to row to the shores of his home. After much time lost in disbelief he also turned his back on the oceans to follow his kinsmen back towards Rhoma and home. 


Chapter 9.

Arbephest paced at such speeds that he and his men could have been running towards Rhoma. The warlord breathed heavily, the madness in his eye still throbbing. Not a word was uttered as they marched, bloody and scarred, back to the blockades of Rhoma. The red sky was now cloudless and the sun at its peak in the sky, causing the men to sweat drastically, smearing blood and dirt all across their perspiring skin.
Upon approach of the ancient town’s derelict gates, guards ran out to greet Arbephest. They looked desperate for sight of their leader and his men, near all of them bruised and savaged from battle.
“Warlord?” Four guards stood to attention, saluting respectfully.
“Eros, Nichos, make haste to the armoury, have the troop captains assemble the entirety of Rhoma’s army, veterans and any men and women who are willing to bear arms alike. GO!” The warlord had no time to explain to the men what had occurred, there was a matter much dearer to him he wished to be gone from his system, something that burned within him with such ferocity that it could no longer wait.
He commanded the survivors of battle to rest and made haste himself to the stable of Rhoma. Arbicos followed without comment nor did Arbephest object. Each street they paced down labourers gawped in amazement and shock at the sight of their warlord. Not an inch of him was not covered by wounds or dirt or smeared blood. He was yet to feel the pain of his actions for the adrenaline of combat still pumped through his veins.
Still bleeding, Arbphest leapt upon Annabelle and without hesitance urged her onwards into powerful gallop towards the exit of his home. Riding, he heard Rhoma’s town bells ring aloud, it had been too long since he had heard that sound; the sound that signalled war had been brought to his lands.
Arbephest forced great strain upon Annabelle, hurrying her ever faster across the green planes of Greece. He did not let up on her for a moment despite her desperate breathing between every powerful stride she took. Arbicos knew not of Arbephest’s intentions. Amidst the turmoil of his depression he feared for the worst. Far behind him the young male struggled to keep his mount up with Annabelle’s explosive pace.
Approaching the entrance of Athenia, quicker than any journey either of the men had ever experienced, the town’s guards charged out to greet them. As they approached their expressions quickly turn to horror.
“Warlord Arbephest? What has become of you?” The aging male bound past the men without acknowledgment. He urged Annabelle on through the finely kept gates of his capital and into the streets amidst its walls.
Once more labourers stood and stared, puzzled and amazed, some covered their mouths at the sight of the warlord of Rhoma, still the warrior paid little heed to them, he cantered his mount to the boundaries of Peremes’ personal domain.
Leaping down from Annabelle, Arbephest stormed between the guards who could only stare in awe, and through the entrance of his king’s fort. There on his thrown Peremes sat, his cheek resting upon a fist. At sight of Arbephest the small male jumped, sitting up in his seat.
“Arbephest?” He muttered, there was a tremble in his tone. The warlord did not reply however, he charged at his king grabbing his throat with a most powerful grasp. He forced the male up and pinned him to the back of his throne.
Arbicos rushed into the hall as his leader squirmed desperately in pain, pinned in a death grip by the muscle bound veteran. He too had no respect for the male; he was ashamed that all of the Hellenes should be ruled by such a pathetic character, and though he was stunned by his peer’s actions, he would certainly not intervene.
“Arbicos! Guards -” Peremes tensed his scrawny neck as Arbephest squeezed it ever tighter. Within moments the king’s guard captain, Heleon, and several others stood at the entrance of Peremes’ abode entered the hall, they stopped in their tracks at the sight of Arbephest grappling their king by his neck.
“Warlord!”
“Get th…” Peremes wheezed. Arbephest crushed the life out of him, he brought his ruined face level with his ruler and bellowed with fury.
“FIVE HUNDRED DEAD ATHENIAN MEN LAY OUTSIDE THE WALLS OF YOUR TERRITORY, KILLED BY THE INVADERS FROM BEYOND THE PILLARS. THE INVADERS THAT YOU DISMISSED.” With his greatest efforts he scrunched his fist raising his king from the throne. His skin turned dark red. Before he fell unconscious the warlord thrust forward his arm with might causing the male to crumble back into his seat lifeless.
Arbephest huffed deeply. Each man in the room stood in silence. Tears began to stream down Peremes’ face, he clutched at his red raw neck however Arbephest was far beyond any remorse.
“Take them, take the armies.” It was not enough, Arbephest glared at the man through those psychotic eyes, kill him, the burning haze called to him and for a moment he trembled. Blinded by rage he swung a giant fist out letting it crash into the woodwork of his king’s throne causing the small male to violently flinch and raise his arms screaming in fear.
The rugged veteran turned about, he looked briefly at Arbicos before turning to make leave. “Know that it is on your head, Peremes, YOU are the reason why five hundred Athenian men lay dead outside our towns.” He paced towards the hall’s exit. Heleon and his guards stepped aside glaring down at the floor.
Arbicos followed Arbephest out of the fort and back into the streets of Athenia. They remounted and urged their steeds to make a hasty leave from the fortified town as yet more labourers stopped their work to stare in disbelief at the state of Arbephest. Passing the town gates, Arbephest immediately urged Annabelle into gallop but hastily halted her charge for the sound of his kinsman filled the quiet air. He allowed the young male to catch up though truly had little interest in what he might have to say.
“How are your wounds, Arbephest?”
“Little more than scratches.” He exhaled through his nose causing fresh blood to line his upper lip, “what is it, Arbicos?”
“Let us travel under this moon to look upon our enemy, there were many men rowing to shore, they must settle at the Northern Pinnacle. Let’s see up close what we’re against before we march to war tomorrow. We need not be long.” After some moments stricken in thought Arbephest began to nod repeatedly.
“When and where shall we meet?”
“I’ll wait for you at the stable of Rhoma in the deepest of the night, be sure to get some rest, brother.” Arbephest nodded at his kinsman. As they turned to gallop their separate ways the horrors of his previous nights riding shook Arbephest’s thoughts.
“Arbicos,” the young male turned to look upon him, “keep close eye upon the tree lines, under the last moon I was chased by some wild beasts, I think they ate your guard captain alive.” The young warlord nodded distantly, appearing to pay little heed to Arbephest’s words. The veteran shook his head, “be wary, Arbicos.” He turned Annabelle away to face north, and with nothing more to say the warriors went their separate ways, each gripped with an un-residing anxiety for the invaders they knew rested unchallenged upon the northern shores of their home.
Arbephest throbbed with such pain that each stride Annabelle took shook a violent pang from head to toe through his nervous system, he knew he would have little chance to rest. Daylight was beginning to fade, the sky was clear of clouds now yet the blue of the world the warlord once knew was scarcely distinguishable for an ever deepening red tint that enveloped it. He desperately sought some rest and tendency to his wounds before the events of the night ahead ensued. 


Chapter 10.

Anna had waited upon her husband in their stone abode from the moment she heard news of his departure to war. She felt much guilt for her actions; avoiding the man in efforts to make him suffer. It was not until darkness fell that she saw a figure come limping through the southern entrance of Rhoma’s ruined fencing, upon the granite walkway which she patrolled.
Still struggling to breathe, the warlord hobbled in agony towards the small structure, the very sight of him threw her into a state of deepest regret. After a moment’s hesitance she rushed down the stone path and pulled a large arm over her tiny shoulders to assist his movement. The male said nothing. Together they lurched into their stone abode and through to the resting chamber, there Anna let him down upon the bed and made haste out of the room.
Some moments later she returned with a burnt clay bowl, she rest it down on the floor beside their bed. Slowly she soaked some fresh linen and softly bathed his wounds, when they were clean she made effort to bind the worst of them. He flinched as Anna enveloped the ruptured scar on his forehead with the soft cloth; it had caused his eye to bruise grossly. She covered each area of skin that still wept blood, and as the warrior began to calm he stared into Anna’s large dark eyes, lost for some time in their beauty.
It was almost arousing for her to see her husband in such a state, seething with testosterone whilst falling at her knees like a lost puppy. He raised a hand and gently held her jaw line in silence, stroking her left cheek with his thumb. She did not resist his touch though did not once look into his eyes for the time she spent tending his wounds.
He lightly forced her chin to face his and leaned towards her to kiss her lips, yet as he came close she turned sharply away. Sighing quietly his gaze fell away from hers and he stared at the grey of his chamber lifelessly. Anna was quiet herself, cold, she walked around the bed and lay upon it expecting her husband to leave or sleep.
“My parent’s asked after you today,” the man spoke softly, hesitant between his words. They were met only by silence. “I told them you were busy. My mother took great pleasure in speaking of you.” Her husband did not know it but as he spoke the eyes of the astounding beauty laying by his side began to well with tears. Only the licking of the burning flames prevented absolute silence entombing each sentence he uttered in the barrens of his mind. “I’m sorry I can’t give you what you want most in life, when I first laid eyes upon you it too was what I wanted more than anything.” He sighed quietly again before turning to look at his unmoved wife. “My love?” He reached back to touch her arm though she prevented him.
“Don’t” she whimpered; the tears now rolled uncontrollably from her great hazel spheres, delved into a new depth of guilt.
The two did not speak another word. Anna continued to weep for some time in silence before she passed to sleep. Her husband remained awake for much time; he felt torment inside that far exceeded the pains of his physical wounds for he now truly felt the loss of his wife’s love towards him. 
Although she did not consciously experience it, sometime in the midst of her slumber she felt a slight disturbance, the feeling of some soft warmth pressing lightly against her forehead. Before the disturbance unsettled her it was gone. She would not remember that touch of her husband upon her, one she had once lived for, and one that she now despised above all others.



The first lady of Rhoma woke in a sweat due to the pitch’s heat burning throughout the night. Laying for a moment with her long black hair sprawled out across the pillows she gazed up at the stone ceiling through her enormous captivating eyes. She wiped her petite forehead of the sweat and traced the line of her small slender nose down to her gentle chin, then sighing at the heat sprawled her arms outwards to stretch her sleek waste line and shapely hips. 
It was early, the quiet of the morning allowed the orchestra of riveting crickets to resonate above all other sounds outside of her abode. Her husband had already vacated their bedsit much to her pleasure; she would not have to endure his constant pestering for compassion from her that she had lost towards the man long ago. Somewhat confused by his absence she assumed he would return before he marched with his troops. She despised what he had allowed the lapse of time to make of him. Despite her loss of physical attraction towards her husband, she would always be allured to the rugged masculinity that seeped from his very essence.
The first lady had always been drawn to danger and excitement, and few had such little fear nor were driven by such raging testosterone than her husband. The two had once been wild lovers, though once the discovery of her husband’s past became known, followed by his inability to give her what she longed for most in life, her desires towards him resided. If it was not for simply the lack of interest on her own behalf to embrace the warrior as he lusted for, then she would retain an interest to punish his lack of respect towards her, and her belief that he too desecrated the vows of their wedding. She remained by his side not for loyalty to her husband, but for loyalty to the vow she took before Athena.
Anna pushed the silken bedding away from her and took comfort in feeling the hot air flowing over her naked skin, momentarily before sitting up upon the soft layers of linen and straw beneath her. She reached down for her white linen clothing and looped it over her shoulders and waist to cover her womanhood, her body still un-fatigued from the turmoil of pregnancies and childbirth, she was as well postured and attuned as she was upon her turn into maturity.
She rose from the bedsit to tighten the material around her curvy body that left her slender arms and legs freely revealed. Moving through the stone abode towards its exit the warmth flowing over her skin rapidly fled. The town council would be waiting for her within the temple of Rhoma. She had been informed of the fright the townsfolk had been troubled with as whispers of the vessel above their homes spread. She had not spoken to her husband upon the subject however, she knew he shunned any thoughts of things which he could not understand nor control.
Stepping outside onto the raised granite platform she was briefly startled at the sight of Phelan, Arbephest’s young prodigy, waiting in silence outside of the stone house with a spear and shield in hand.
“Phelan, has my husband asked you here for a reason?” Her voice was so soft and sweet; the young guard immediately blushed, standing to attention at the sight of his leader’s love.
“Yes, lady.” He shared a brief moment of eye contact with her before looking down at her legs then at the stone floor, clutching his spear nervously.
“And that reason was?” She rested a hand on her hip, aware of the young man’s shyness though she knew not how to quell his anxieties. Her stunning beauty was enough to throw off most men’s concentration, for a boy who had yet to lay with a woman however one great interest surged above all else. Addressing her in a mature manner for the young man was more of a task than the duty his warlord had commanded him to fulfil.
“Arbephest, your husband, ordered that I should escort you for the recent rumours spreading amongst the townsfolk. If you should need it, do you need it, my lady?” She laughed lightly through her nose at the awkwardness of Phelan’s words, thinking of ways in which she could break his unease in her presence.
“Thank you, Phelan, how thoughtful of my husband. He speaks very highly of you; he believes you will make an invaluable leader some day.”
“He does?” The guard looked up at her and she smiled at him, then gesturing the two make their way towards town he awkwardly twisted his body and turned towards the stone steps that lead into Rhoma. 
The air of the Hellenic landscape was rapidly warming with the rising sun. The rays of dawn dispersed the darkness. The sounds of the crickets became interrupted by songs of birds nesting amidst the trees of the serene greens.
There was much noise amidst the streets of Rhoma despite their scarcity of life, a great quarrel could be heard coming from its southern most regions where the granite temple dedicated to the makers rested. It was here the council members of Rhoma and nearby towns and villages had been called to, urged by the abrupt rumours of invaders from beyond the Pillars of Hercules.
An enormous crowd of hundreds flocked the aged structure, “step aside for your first lady!” Phelan yelled at the masses and as quickly as one recognised her they each joined to aid her way through the ever growing numbers.
There was not a district the first lady’s influence did not touch, she provided resources for the labourers, aided the wounded and harboured the town’s orphans. Long before she had been united with Arbephest her work began, her caring hand too stretched out to all of Greece when necessary.
Often did the first lady pay visit to the temple to give thanks to Athena for granting her people safety and the means to live productively, there had too been a time when she prayed each day for her husband’s seed to be planted within her. Though those days had long since passed, her desires for a child had not, sometimes she prayed for the death of her husband so she could escape the judgemental gaze of Athena, and be free to bring the most precious of her dreams to reality; a new life into the world.
A wall of town guards kept the thriving audience at bay, at the front of the throng a number of warriors stepped forward, creating a slight gap to enable her through in to the cold hall. The crude wooden benches that normally lined the floors of the temple had been pushed to the outer walls. A mass of men and women, old and young, stood in a square looking upon Anna and Phelan.
The gathering’s muttering and laughter fell silent upon noticing their first lady standing amidst them. She bowed her head lightly at those she was closest to before addressing the now tense hall.
“Thank you all for coming today, there are some grave matters we must discuss and resolve before we each leave this hall,” she looked steadily at one person and then another as she spoke. “We know that a nation from beyond the Pillars is invading our lands, attempting to enslave the world that our people have fought to keep free since Athena planted the seeds of life beneath the fertile soils of Greece. For the safety of our people, our future generations, we must act on and off the field of battle.”
“Is it true they come in their thousands from the sea and the sky my lady?”
“What of our children, Anna?” Gamatha, the head of the town nursery, yelled out grasping the first lady’s attention, all she could do was look upon her and sigh. The crowd erupted relaying their thoughts aloud across the hall.
“Has there been any further sightings of the ship in the sky?”
“The children must be first priority!”
“Are the makers punishing us for our nation’s bloodshed?”
“The labourers should be evacuated to neighbouring towns -”
“The labourers should bear arms and fight for their warlord!” She let the cries reverberate throughout the temple without quelling them, she wanted those present to ventilate their frustration, listening out for the most valid qualms to address. It took little more than a raised hand to reduce the hall to silence.
“Gamatha, come forward.” The first lady gestured the aged Athenian towards the middle of the hall, “does anyone object to the nursery taking all children and their mothers to the safety of Athenia’s boundaries?” A grey male stepped forward who looked as though he was already deceased.
“My lady Anna, do you not have trust in the armies of the Hellenes? Our nation has not succumbed to an enemy since the world was young.” She turned to address him.
“An enemy has not beached upon our shores before, Ephos, I have not seen my husband in such a state for many harvests, he wouldn’t have called men and women alike to arms if this enemy was alike any other.” The ancient male breathed deeply and exhaled through flared nostrils, nodding slowly in agreement.
“What if running is futile, my lady? A power is said to sweep the world from top to bottom, what if the vessel above this temple was a message from the makers? What if they are warning us of the return of Hades and the coming of the last harvest?” The crowd began to mumble before Anna yelled out above them to avoid alarm from spreading.
“The words of doomsayers cause little more than panic, the will of the makers shall be as it is. Athena shall grant us the strength to overcome the worst of odds, but we must cast our lots together.” A muffle of cheers echoed amidst the granite walls at the first lady’s words. “Any who are not of the military and wish to stand for their country may do so, go to the armoury and speak to the troop captains. Mothers will take their children to the confines of Athenia, with them the most elderly. Is there a troop captain present?” From behind Anna one of the guards at the temple entrance called out.
“I am, my lady.” She turned to look at an enormous male whose face was scarcely visible for a hugely thick black beard covered the majority.
“Please, join us.” He turned obediently without stepping any further into the hall. “Could you pass on all that has been said here to the warlord of Rhoma?”
“My lady,” he nodded, “though I don’t know where warlord Arbephest is, we haven’t heard word from him since he returned from the Northern Pinnacle. We expected he would be laying with you, my lady.” She shook her head distantly, looking at Phelan.
“Do you know of this?” The young male shook his head.
“I thought he was still within your home, my lady.” Anna looked about the hall confused.
“Does anyone know where the warlord of Rhoma is?” Her question was met only by mumbled cluelessness. “What’s your name, Athenian?” She looked once more at the bearded warrior.
“Ureles.”
“Assemble all that will stand to fight for their home. Gamatha, make haste to the nursery and have the children assembled and prepared to march to Athenia. Gather any volunteers who can aid the elderly. Ureles, can you send a messenger to Cele - “ A sudden silence fell upon her, reminding herself Haedra and Arbicos. “A messenger... to alert the town.” The giant nodded at her and disappeared amongst the crowd that enclosed the temple entrance. “That will be all. Come, Phelan.” The first lady turned, making her way with haste to the streets of Rhoma. For all the disdain she had felt towards Arbephest in recent times, she now suddenly felt empty and panicked in his absence. She headed towards the heart of the town, to the clay house of Phesten and Talia in efforts to learn what had become of her husband. 


Chapter 11.

Before Anna had woke that morning, in the darkest depths of the night Arbephest rose from his bed. He scarcely slept for his wife’s actions towards him. As time came to leave her he silently stepped around the dimly lit chamber and knelt by her side.
He watched her for some time in the quiet of the night, merely breathing in complete calm, her beauty still struck him though he had known that face for so long. She slept so soundly he did not wish to disturb her; instead he pressed the lightest kiss upon her forehead before moving once more in silence out of the chamber.
The air was cool outside upon the granite walkway that lead into Rhoma, it relieved him of the heat of his abode and cleared his mind of everything but the task ahead. The pains of his physical wounds now troubled his movement. With haste the scarred veteran awkwardly traced the clay streets until he reached the stable.
There, sat upon a brown palomino was his brother in arms; Arbicos was staring lifelessly into the walkway looking lost. Arbephest knew his spirits were at their lowest, doubtlessly their lowest in his lifetime, and though sensitivity was not one of his strongest virtues, he would be sure not to provoke any bleak thoughts within his old friend’s mind for the troubles he knew already burdened him.
The warriors nodded to one another the moment their gazes met, Arbephest’s of a burning rage, whilst his kinsman’s a woeful emptiness. Mounting Annabelle he urged her onwards ahead of Arbicos who followed in silence through the streets of the ancient town towards its derelict exit.
For much time their mounts cantered across the green fields of the Hellenic countryside. The warriors rode alongside each other, avoiding built up areas of woodland. Neither had said a word for many miles. Regardless of their seven harvests difference in age the men had fought side by side since Arbicos’ turn into maturity. Arbephest held a great respect for the young male for his fighting ability, unmatched in any way, by any man he had known nor heard stories of, and further, that he fought for his country with the same fervour Arbephest held dearest to the virtues of Greece.
By some strange impulse to let his young peer know he held concern over his welfare Arbephest spoke up at last, despite the two men’s comfort amidst the silence they shared.
“How do you fare, brother?” Arbicos sighed quietly with little impulse to his manner.
“A moment at a time.” The veteran nodded in silence.
“And your boy?” This time Arbicos turned his head to look at Arbephest, there was a broken smile on his youthful face, still his eyes were drowned in emotion, he nodded a number of times. “I’ll be sure to come visit the moment we’ve secured our country from this pestilence; I know Anna is excited at thought of laying eyes upon him.”
“Thank you, Arbephest, how has her attitude been most recently?” This time Arbephest sighed. Arbicos knew vaguely of their relationship, but Arbephest rarely let an emotion show nor spoke of his feelings upon the subject.
“She’s been her most distant... I know not of her reasons, other than for the curse I carry.” Each sentence they uttered to one another was broken by some moments of quiet. For all the men’s fame and renown, they truly had little to celebrate.
“Perhaps you will be blessed yet, old friend, the makers move in mysterious ways.”A matter that troubled Arbephest far more than the mere fact he could not reproduce; that his wife had not laid with him before he left Rhoma to march north churned his insides still, though to turn a personal trouble over in his thoughts without sharing it was his way. He moved the conversation to a subject which had been distressing him just as deeply as his wife’s coldness.
“Tell me again what the stranger said to you on your march home from Arillia, Arbicos, of the boats, in the sky.”
“It was all he mentioned, Arbephest, I’m sure now he was sincere in every word, I can recall it clear as day.” Arbephest exhaled deeply through his blooded nostrils. “You haven’t spoken with witnesses in Rhoma?”
“By now every labourer there is likely to claim they saw the object above the temple, it would be impossible, the imagination of men can’t be trusted.”
“What if it wasn’t mere imagination, brother?” Arbephest grunted at the young male’s words.
“We fought an army today at the Northern Pinnacle, where were these, vessels, or boats of the sky then..? Ridiculous.” Arbicos nodded slowly in silence, as though to agree with the speculation, before Arbephest changed the subject once more. “Your boy, has he been blessed with the features of his mother? Or is he cursed to look like his father for all his living days.” This comment brought a light exhale of laughter to the young male’s nose, much to Arbephest’s pleasure, there was no joy in seeing his kinsman so constricted in his lifeless depression.
“If Athena has any sense she’ll give him the looks of his mother,” he looked on drearily into the darkness, “I dreamt about them last night.”
“Athena?”
“Haedra, and my boy.” His youthful face became stern, “and my father. They were stood at the entrance of our home laughing... I couldn’t hear what of.” An immediate feeling of unease crept under the scarred veteran’s skin. 
“Why are you telling me this, Arbicos?” His kinsman fell silent for a moment, lost in some dark memory.
“They never met in life... he despised the very thought of her.” Despite his respect for the man, Arbicos’ nature at times disturbed Arbephest. In his darkest states he caused the warlord a strange feeling of anxiety, and his latest actions confirmed to the veteran that his friend’s mind was troubled far beyond mere distressing dreams. 
The men fell quiet once more as that most confusing image continued to tumult Arbicos’ mind. There was more to the sequence of events amidst his dream that he wished not reveal to his brother. Upon turning away from his family, stood upon an empty field beneath the darkest of skies, he looked upon Arbephest slumped on his knees. Red lined the aging veteran’s throat and his reddened eyes wept blood, he was glaring upwards, out towards the coasts of his home, pointing up into the cold sky.



The night was still early. The moon shed light upon the verged ground leading down to the Northern Pinnacle. The warlords spurred their mounts onwards ever faster at sight of their destination, not slowing up until they were but a few meters short. There they dismounted and crawled along the ground to gain a moonlit view of the beach.
Peering over the verge they looked out at the scarcely visible landscape. “That’s it? Looks like... tents.” Arbicos whispered, looking at Arbephest.
“What did you expect?” The stench of the dead still lingered on the air despite their corpses having been picked clean by the wildlife, the wretched smell of human faeces and the taste of blood was something neither man would ever grow accustomed to, though they had come to know it, and to tolerate it was all that could be done. “No lights, I can’t tell if there are patrols even.”
“Be sure to take care as you go, Arbephest.” The veteran nodded briefly before he raised himself to his knees. 
“Let’s split up, I’ll take Annabelle east to where the verge begins to dip, be back as soon as you see anything that might give us an advantage.” Arbicos turned to his kinsman without words said and they locked arms for a moment, nodding to one another, then stood and guided their mounts away into the night.
At the point on the land verge that began to slope dramatically away from the earth’s pinnacle, Arbephest turned to Annabelle and stroked her face, he looked at her, stay put girl, he whispered softly and patted her cheekbone. With careful step he began his descent to the beach, towards the masses of tents spread out across the Northern Pinnacle.
Slowly his eyes began to adjust to the dim moonlight. He noticed the lack of life amidst the settlement, not a single being stirred. No sound. No firelight. The only disturbance was the soft sea waves enclosing and retreating back and forth upon the beach.
A sudden tremor of worry struck the warlord, are they already upon us? He looked into the distance for his comrade though Arbicos was hidden by the darkness. The scarred warrior sighed before stepping with the lightest of movements in between the first tents he came across. The material they were crafted from appeared thick, it had a deep grey tone to it that the warlord could not identify, he had not seen beasts covered by such skin.
The smell of the sea brought with it a pleasant relief from the smell of decaying flesh; to know the smell was coming from his own fallen kinsmen almost made the warlord heave with each inhale of the vile abomination of odours.
The further inwards he crept the more relaxed he became. His eyes grew fully aware in the darkness, giving sight about the camp. He noticed numerous Athenian weapons and garments, spoils of war, yet it was unlike anything he expected. There were no signs of burnt out fires, simply tents pitched with no order, it disgusted him that such amateurs of war were daring to rest foot upon Greece.
In silence he crept towards the shore in hopes he might see how numerous the invader’s ships were. Making his way, he noticed a number of tents pitched in a tight semi circle closest to the encroaching tide. With a new found curiosity the warlord stepped delicately towards the structures.
There was scarcely a body’s width between the interlocking tents, forcing the warlord to press lightly in between the canvasses. His back and chest pushed at the materials causing a dense scraping to hum in the air. He hoped the sea waves would disguise the sound.
Pushing through the enveloping tents with utmost delicacy, he at last saw a gap through which he could escape, with a troubled step he lunged for the exit. He stumbled, landing upon his knees on the soft grassy sand.
Looking up, the rugged warrior gasped. He stared with amazement across the Hellenic beach, they spoke the truth. Suddenly a heavy blow injected a pang of pain through the veteran’s head and darkness immediately followed.
Arbephest was aware he had been stricken down violently, before he knew it he was awakening in a slumberous haze. His vision was tightly restricted by a material that dug into the wounds lining his face, the linen his wife had bound him in had been stripped away and his entire head pulsed with immense pain.
The warrior could hear two males talking to one another in an unknown tongue, he was on his knees and his wrists were bound tightly together. Suddenly one of the males yelled in the warlord’s face in what he assumed was an effort to communicate. The language was like nothing he knew. Each sound the male uttered was broken into several parts.
After some moments without reply the warlord felt a horrendous spike of agony poke at a throbbing wound on the back of his head. The aging male roared furiously attempting to jump up from his position, however two arms pinned him with incredible strength. He was helpless and at the mercy of his enemy. 


Chapter 12.

Arbicos seized his movements, immediately grasping at a wooden spear left amidst the camp’s grounds. He recognised that scream of pain, one he had heard on many an occasion whilst fighting beside his brother in arms.
The young warlord broke into sprint, his muscular body contracting and retracting with each heaving lunge he took towards the sound of his kinsman. The efforts to be subtle amidst the invader’s encampment were abolished. He charged carelessly across the sandy grass of the Northern Pinnacle.
With the roars of pain coming ever closer the young male caught sight of a small burning fire, the light flickered three strewn out shadows across the floor behind a tent which he approached with an ever increasing pace, urged onwards by pumping adrenaline for he could now hear talk in a language unknown in the distance behind him, and the disturbance of the light canvases that enclosed them.
Bounding past the tent that hid the shadows, Arbicos saw the source of the troubled moans. Arbephest was slumped lifelessly upon his knees, it seemed he had no fight left in him for a male was still prodding at his open wound, yet the warlord had ceased his roars of agony.
The two strangers scarcely had a chance to react as Arbicos’ shadowy face dashed into sight; they had heard his footsteps approaching though they could not have known who it was. The male that stood behind Arbephest had done little more than turn to face Arbicos before the warlord thrust the spear he carried with brutal power deep into his stomach. 
Arbicos’ strength and adrenaline fuelled rage lifted his target cleanly up into the air, coming to a standing halt as the spear tip pierced his target’s skin. He stood straight, his powerful posture strong, the muscles in his arms and back striated with tension. His target let out a horrific shriek of agony, feeling the bronze spear head erupt out of his back, spraying blood and sinew into the air. The enraged warlord pushed hard forcing the spear right through his target’s abdomen. He made no sound upon colliding with the invader. He released the spear mercilessly the moment he felt it travel freely out of his victim’s back.
The invader fell through the air collapsing on the ground in a state of seizure. With muffled whimpers he writhed around on the floor before slowly falling silent and still. In the heat of the moment Arbicos did not consider pity nor remorse, he had witnessed what this man had done to his brother. The second male that restrained Arbephest had fled into the night; much shouting could now be heard amidst the camp urging the young warlord to take hasty actions. He grasped at the garments enveloping Arbephest’s scarred head and was shocked at the wound he saw gaping from the back of it.
“You’re bleeding.” It appeared deep in the crude firelight and gushed blood at pulsing intervals.
“The work of a coward.” Arbephest spat blood on the ground holding his hands up to the young male who began to untie the linen restraining him. The stranger Arbicos had assaulted lay sprawled out lifelessly before the men; his hand had come to rest upon the edges of a circular metallic sheet covered by a pile of material. Arbicos looked down at it curiously before he and Arbephest cringed at the ghastly sound of their enemy’s horn of war.
The young warlord pushed away at the material and a strangely reassuring moment of relief overcame him; it was an Athenian shield.
“Here, carry this.” Arbicos handed Arbephest the light weight aegis that was resting upon the floor, he strained with great difficulty to lift his heavy brother up and support him. “Up to the trees; we’ll lose them up there.” The young warrior spoke quietly, beginning with great effort to drag Arbephest’s injured body towards the grassy hill leading up towards a dense forest. Upon any other occasion he would never have dreamed of venturing amidst the wildlife of its deceitful trees, for knowledge of what lurked amidst the branches, though the warriors had little other option.
Hobbling, Arbephest tried desperately to comfort the injury on the back of his head with the garments that had been used to block his vision. His hand pressed against the open wound bringing a slight feeling of comfort despite the overwhelming pain that pounded away in his skull.
Under the cover of darkness they lurched up the steep hill to a tree line of towering trunks. Scrambling at the hill’s pinnacle, Arbephest collapsed in a heap upon one knee. He released a low moan of pain coming to a halt. He used the Athenian shield with a weak strain to hold himself up. Arbicos immediately stopped and allowed his brother a moments rest, he turned back to look down at the firelight some hundred meters back towards the shore but it had been extinguished.
Again the sound of those haunting horns erupted into the quiet night time air, resonating across the Hellenic hills, without doubt causing as much confusion to the wildlife of Arbicos’ home as it would to any man or woman whom the horrific pitch touched. He spun about and with a mighty roar lifted his brother back up to his feet, he took the shield from Arbephest and supported his whole body upon his own, literally carrying the veteran, he continued onwards into the forest. 
As they trawled amongst the flora the two warlords could hear their enemy’s calls closing in upon them. It spurred Arbicos’ adrenaline. Increasing his pace of movement tremendously. 
The young male breathed heavily, they had covered many hundreds of meters. Feeling his stamina begin to falter he struggled to move onwards even at a slow paced stumble. Arbephest continued holding the linen garment to the back of his head. He mumbled something to Arbicos but the young warlord could not understand his words; instead he stopped by the trunk of an enormous tree and let his kinsman down to lay. 
Arbicos rest the Athenian shield down by Arbephest’s side and spoke quietly to him. “Stay here, Arbephest, I’ll search the surroundings in case we’re still pursued.” 
“Arbicos…” Arbephest struggled to focus his eyes on his friend, he whispered through weak breaths. “The priest. They’re huge… they were,” he exhaled heavily and re-fixated his bloodshot eyes upon Arbicos, they rolled daintily in his skull as he gurgled on blood, “Anna...” He winced and began to blubber in the depths of his pain, squeezing his eyes together as if to prevent one great eruption of emotion, tears streamed down the battle scarred warrior’s face. Arbicos scrunched his own, blinking back the water; he knew not how to comfort his old friend.
“Shh brother,” he whispered. “It’s ok, be quiet now, you may tell her yourself at first light. I won’t be long.” Arbephest did not truly acknowledge Arbicos. The young male made haste away from his resting place. Arbephest continued to wheeze desperately for some painstaking moments before joining the silence of the wilderness. 
As his conscience cascaded away the veteran stared up at the tops of the trees, he had never noticed the stars before, how calm they seemed to be above him, watching him silently. Just watching. Anna stood alone in his mind. Arbephest was aware his senses were failing, he could feel himself falling into the darkness, still his wife stood, as beautiful as she had been and was. All he could do was lay. The injury on the back of his head throbbed with pain, he could not keep his eyes open any longer. 
Slowly he fell away into slumber, yet it was briefly disturbed by the sound of padded steps somewhere close by. In his last conscious moments an incredible paranoia gripped him but he could not react to it, it was not merely the fact he could hear something approaching him that made him so paranoid though, it was the knowledge that he knew it was not human. 


Chapter 13.

“ARBEPHEST?” It was day light, sometime in the early morning. Arbicos had not found his way back to the tree under which he left Arbephest the night before, despite patrolling the forest throughout to ensure no one had followed them, before finding a place of vegetation to rest himself.
Now he could scour the branches and barks of the woodland in daylight he quickly tracked his route back to the colossal oak under which his brother laid. Still, he only stumbled upon the tree by sheer fortune. Circling its ancient trunk Arbicos followed the sight of Arbephest’s sandaled feet; he stepped out and gasped, lunging backwards. His heart raced. He raised a hand pressing it over his mouth. The young warlord fell to his knees in shock, he exhaled wheezing at the mutilated corpse of his old friend, now only recognisable by the scars on his upper abdomen, the rest was now nothing but bloody remains.
The veteran’s body had been dismembered, the half eaten interior of his abdomen was strewn out across the forest floor, his face was unrecognisable, a mere bloody mess sat slumped against the vast tree, eaten by some unknown beast. Arbicos whimpered, crawling to the body on his knees.
Tears streamed down his cheeks. He became lost in a moment of profound disbelief and guilt. Trembling in shock his thoughts floated to the images amidst his dream, the sound of Haedra’s laughter carried hollow on the wind. For some time his gaze floated lifelessly though his dulled senses were abruptly re-awoken at a shuffle and crunch of dry forest vegetation disturbing the silence behind him. 
He flinched and sprang to his feet, whirling around, Arbicos laid eyes upon a fawn, no older than two weeks, it stood and stared at him, not moving, not making a sound. The young male stared back for much time through blurry eyes before suddenly flinching again at the sound of another disturbance amidst the forest.
He began to huff uncontrollably. The invader’s war horn roared aloud incredibly close by. This time the sound did not cause him to cringe nor wince, it only caused a red mist to rise, shedding a fury through him that would have caused even his makers to pity the souls upon whom it was about to be expelled. 
A scuffling of movement ruffled up the flora amidst the nearby trees. Arbicos quickly picked up the Athenian shield resting close to Arbephest’s desecrated body in his left hand. Had a thousand men stepped out from the entangling forest or one, the warlord would flee no longer, for his kinsman’s honour, he would fight or die.
The unscathed warrior stood tall as three males stumbled into the forest clearing. The men stared at the warlord as though they had never seen another human before. Two of the invaders were dressed in linen undergarments, covered by some metallic sheets; each man carried an opaque mallet. The male stood amidst them was dressed heavier than his peers.
Arbicos looked into his eyes, he was so young, his armour glistened gold under the strands of sunlight bursting through the tree canopies high above. The warlord became lost in the strangely bronze tone of brown in his target’s iris before his body instinctively shifted, he lunged a leg forward, unconsciously raising his shield arm to guard his face from a projectile hurled by one of the hostiles.
His reflexes unparalleled, the young warrior awaited the sound of his aegis being stricken. The male who had thrown the weapon approached Arbicos with haste along with his comrades. The moment that blunt metal thud rang out in the air he turned abruptly left swinging his shield, edge first, with unrestrained power. Its rim crunched into his target’s neck causing the slender male to twitch horrifically and collapse unconscious to the twigged forest floor.
Now the young armour clad male rained his weapon down upon the unyielding warlord. A second deflection echoed the sound of metal and rock into the dense air though the Athenian was not merely defending. As his shield repelled the hammer his arm fell and rotated wildly around coming down upon his target’s forearm like a colossal blunted axe. The blow shattered his ulna causing his weapon to drop and a shriek of pain to exhale from his lungs. Without a moment’s hesitation the warlord leapt forward swinging his shield back with might towards his third target.
His adversary’s hammer was smashed clean from his grasp before Arbicos swung his shield violently towards the young male’s neck, still flustered by the power and speed of his masterful opponent. A foul bone fracturing crunch resonated into the clearing and the life of the young boy evaporated.
For a final time, with most explosive power, Arbicos swung his shield back towards the final invader. He raised the bronze sheet up with a low grunt of frustration colliding brutally with the tall male’s chin. As his neck ricocheted violently in its socket the warlord thrust forward an arm grappling his enemy tightly by the throat. The young male breathed heavily for he was still in shock at the sight of his fallen kinsman. He stared into the eyes of his enemy who had lost all nerve to fight. Arbicos wheezed, his eyes became engulfed with water before roaring in the face of the coward he strangled. Such power he possessed, the young warrior was surely woven from the same cloth as his makers.
His enemy’s eyes began to well with tears of fear before Arbicos hurled him to the ground, turning his back to look upon his dead kinsman. He released the aegis. As it too clumped upon the soft earth he fell upon his knees. The male who he had left to live hastily scurried away into the dense forest vegetation but the warlord paid no heed, he simply stared at his brethren through lost black eyes, unable to act for he was gripped by an overwhelming guilt.
He knew he had to return home, to gather the Hellenic armies before his people’s towns were overrun by this power from beyond the Pillars. After much time slumped in an unresponsive void his attention was brought back to reality. The lightest voices could be heard far away in the forest. With haste he lunged forward and unwillingly unbuckled the bloodied belt of his makers from around Arbephest’s corpse.
After a brief moment of surveillance he grasped one of the opaque hammers that lay upon the ground and was shocked for the weapon felt as though he carried nothing. With pace he turned and began his trek south towards Rhoma. Moving amidst the forest he heard his enemy’s war horn thunder out, causing the young male to break into sprint.



Not once did he let up his efforts, his eyes were still red from his dismay and he huffed phlegm through struggling breaths yet he could not stop. The muscles in his legs were numb and those in his upper body ached from battle, it was with great relief that the earliest sights of Rhoma’s blockades came into view.
He knew he was not pursued for he had not heard the sounds of his enemy’s horns for much time, but they must have been preparing their armies now, to retaliate for the loss of so many men on the shores of the Northern Pinnacle. 
Stumbling to a limp at the outskirts of Rhoma, the gate guards rushed to him.
“Warlord? What’s happened?” They yelled manically, watching Arbicos collapse to the ground lifelessly; he struggled to talk in between deep breaths.
“Where’s your guard captain?”
“Warlord Arbephest sent Theleos to Egypt my lord; we expect his return in the coming days.” Arbicos looked up at the men hopelessly.
“Can any of you ride a horse?”
“I can, warlord.” One of the Athenian troops raised their hand. They each glared in confusion at the belt of their makers that Arbicos clutched.
“Good. Ride to Athenia, inform king Peremes that warlord Arbephest has fallen in combat, invaders rest unchallenged at the Northern Pinnacle, and a second warlord must be chosen to lead armies south and out of Hellenic territory.” The men’s jaws dropped at his words.
“Arbephest?-”
“How did he fall, warlord?” Arbicos winced with pain, struggling to stand up; the lactic burn in his legs near paralyzed him.
“He fell at the hands of cowards, Athenian, go, ride to Athenia!” The male turned about, obediently running towards the town gates. “Where is the first lady of Rhoma?” The guards shook their heads.
“It’d be impossible to say, my lord, at first light she arranged the evacuation of Rhoma. People are saying she ended the gathering when she heard warlord Arbephest was missing. Perhaps she awaits his return in their home” the young male nodded his head drearily. “Is an evacuation truly necessary, my lord?” The warlord did not look at the men as he began towards Rhoma’s blockades.
“I fear it may be,” he mumbled.
“Where’s Arbephest’s body, warlord?” Arbicos halted, looking down at his kinsman’s belt, stricken in some dark trance.
“Little was left,” his words trailed away quietly, “spread word in Rhoma, these invaders have murdered your warlord.” The remaining guards nodded and ran themselves towards the entrance of their home. Arbicos began to hobble around the town’s blockades towards the granite walkway leading up to Arbephest’s dwelling. He dreaded what he knew was required of him.
Phelan stood at the entrance of the small granite structure. He grasped his spear and shield tightly, immediately bowing his head at sight of the warlord of Cele.
“Warlord.” Although Phelan was aware of who Arbicos was, he himself did not know the young soldier, so merely nodded at the man in acknowledgement.
“Is Anna within?”
“Yes, warlord, she’s been awaiting Arbephest’s return. Arbephest ordered me to escort her since war has overcome us. Is he still on duty?” Realising he had asked a question the young male flinched and stood staring outwards at the red sky. Arbicos stood in silence for a moment.
“How does she keep herself whilst resting?” He spoke after a moment. The boy simply dashed his eyes towards the man, seemingly confused. From within Anna’s quiet voice called out Arbicos’ name in a questioning tone.
“Remain here, lad,” with that said he stepped into the first chamber of the stone home. Arbephest’s wife was not within this chamber so he made his way through into the resting chamber to see her sat upon her bed. He stood just inside the room and stared at the floor.
“What is it, Arbicos?” She said, standing from the mattress. The warlord scrunched his mouth and shook his head as she made her way around the bed to stand before him.
“Arbephest is dead, Anna.” She stood for some moments staring at Arbicos through her enormous hazel eyes, then they suddenly welled with tears unleashing a waterfall down her face, though she did not make the impulsive wails associated with a person crying for sadness. “I’m truly sorry,” he said softly; “your name was the last word he uttered.” In silence she stepped over to the young male, and as though simply needing some kind of comfort in the wake of the news he had put upon her she seized him. For some time the warlord stood with his arms resting flat by his sides. The only woman he had ever embraced was Haedra, the thought of touching another had never crossed his mind in his lifetime. He forced himself to comfort the first lady, raising an arm to hold her waist and a hand to hold her head. She pressed herself against him and wept quietly .
He felt terrible under the awkwardness of the situation and for knowledge that the suggestion leading to his kinsman’s death was his own. Give me what I want, Arbicos, amidst her whimpering sobs the warlord could scarcely make out her words, he pushed lightly upon her shoulders looking up.
“My lady?” He whispered. She stared into his eyes with tears still streaming down her face before suddenly leaning forward to kiss his mouth. In a moment of shock the warlord abruptly retracted and pushed her away, she slunk awkwardly to her knees, holding her hands to her face she wept. Arbicos stood perplexed, for some strange moments he made effort to understand the first lady’s actions but he was oblivious.
“Anna...” In the moment words simply evaded him.
“Do you remember his face?” She sobbed.
“Of course -”
“As it was, when we were young.” The first lady began to huff, causing the young warlord to feel restless, he shook his head.
“I didn’t know his face...”
“For thirteen harvests I watched that face die,” her lower lip trembled, her eyes fell to oblivion, “he couldn’t even give me something to remind me of what it had once been.” She wiped at her cheeks though fresh tears continued to gush.
“It wasn’t his fault, Anna... we are as the makers choose.”
“Not his fault? Athena didn’t make him march to war! She didn’t ruin everything that made him the man he was.”
“He marched to war for his people, Anna, to uphold his nation, but first for you. The man would have stood alone and fought an entire army for his country, for you, Anna.” Arbicos stared at her for some moments through his reddened woeful gaze, though she covered her face and wept quietly. Unable to see how he could quell her pain he subtly turned about and left her alone in the stone abode.
Standing just outside, Phelan looked at Arbicos with a sorry expression. “Is he truly dead, warlord?” It was obvious the young guard had been listening in on the two conversing. Arbicos released another heavy sigh, he did not want to admit it even now but he nodded repeatedly before speaking up.
“Slain in the night.” He turned his unscathed head to meet Phelan’s youthful gaze. “What’s your rank under Arbephest?” The young prodigy stood to attention.
“I’m a warrior of Greece, my lord, but one day I’ll stand a warlord and lead our country to victory against any nation that dares invade us.” Arbicos nodded repeatedly as their discourse was interrupted by a loud whimpering coming from within the stone abode.
“What’s your name?”
“Phelan,” he looked briefly at Arbicos, then into Anna’s home. Arbicos continued to nod. He reached out his arm holding the belt that carried the emblem of the Athenian armies: The sons of Hephaestus.
“Take this belt and rally the soldiers and veterans amongst Rhoma, tell them you bring word of the warlords of Greece. A war has been brought to our shores and all of Europa, Libya and Asia, call all men of the Athenian military and any who are of physical capability to arms. You will lead the resistance of Rhoma, when I return to the north of Greece I want your army ready to march with mine. Go; earn prominence amongst your people.” With excitement and dread in his eye Phelan nodded at Arbicos, he did not don the belt in front of him for fear of insult, instead he turned and sprinted down the granite walkway as fast as his legs could carry him.
Arbicos himself stepped down from the granite platform to begin a further ten mile trek by foot towards Cele, though from behind he heard the quiet thudding of hooves trotting across grass. The young male turned about to find Annabelle stood before him; she stared through her black eyes standing in silence. The warlord exhaled deeply, approaching the mare he knew his kinsman had once been so fond of.
I’m sorry, Annabelle, He whispered to her, stroking a hand down her muzzle. She snorted lightly. I’m sorry, Arbicos stared into her eyes and for some time simply petted her in some strange efforts to comfort the mare, he was sure she knew of this melancholy. Before long he stepped away from the golden palomino to pursue his route home. The steed lowered her head neighing aloud. She trod by his side and kept her neck low, he was amazed by her inquisition, it was clear she wished to assist him.
The warlord grasped her reigns, leaping upon her saddle, and without the slightest command necessary she exploded into gallop travelling south east towards Cele. The day was still early and there was much to be done, he knew his town was alive with troops that would take little effort in assembling, and with the return of Chroniclus felt re-assured he could lead his people to liberation. 
Under the burden of his guilt and misery the young male desperately sought some solace. Where he had once been able to turn to the comfort of his love, now all he had was memory, though he did have something left of her; their son.
Arriving at Cele he guided Annabelle through the streets and lead her right up to the steps of the house of Emartes, there, he leapt down from her saddle and turned to approach the derelict steps of the clay complex. Stepping forward, Emartes’ wrinkled face appeared in the doorway of the building.
“May I see me my boy?” The mere look of desperation upon Arbicos’ face almost reduced the priest to tears.
“Oh, Arbicos,” the aged man’s own face turned to a look of sorrow. “Your son would not take to any of the wet nurses; I’m so sorry, my child, he waits for you with your mother in Elysium.”
At these words the warlord halted, his face did not fall away from its natural look of emptiness. There appeared to be no life left in him. Emartes’ grey beard shuffled, stretching out a hand he rest it upon his leader’s shoulder.
“I’m sure there is good reason for the makers to grant them such paths, my child. Know that you gave spark to life, Arbicos, I know you have not had one yourself. You were forced to know the troubles of a veteran of war before you had a chance to enjoy the gift of childhood.” The priest spoke softly to the warlord who stood without focus; his arms slumped to his sides. “A great shadow attempts to cover our lands, Arbicos, you are a warrior unlike one any has ever seen. Perhaps the makers commit their actions so that you might save us all. Should you fall, our nation will surely, and had your wife and child been with us they would have suffered far worse fates than to die in the knowledge that she was giving to he that she loved most dearly everything he desired, and your son, of an age that pain and suffering were incapable of consuming the conscience. I beg you, warlord, do not let the fate of your loved ones trouble your thoughts, they are at peace, waiting to embrace you for eternity.”
Arbicos looked up through blurry eyes and slowly nodded before whispering, “thank you, Emartes.” The priest smiled at him through his thick beard and after some time stood in silence, with the trouble of age, turned away to return to the fire within his abode.
Alone, the warlord turned and rested upon the wooden steps of Emartes’ nursing house. He whimpered quietly to himself, holding his fingers to his eyes in efforts to hide his pain. He did not speak, little went through his head, with all of his will he avoided thoughts of darkness.
He closed his eyes and thought of Haedra as he had last seen her alive, before he marched to Arillia. A crushing feeling of regret pinned him, how he had been robbed of his last moments by his dearest’s side because of his commitment to the word of his makers. You and me will always be ok, he could not get the last words she uttered to him before he left  her warmth out of his mind. For much time he rested, attempting in vain to gather himself, despite knowing war was upon the shores of his home.
The young man hung his head though was quickly disturbed, feeling a sudden chilly breeze cut through his short black hair and the sound of the lightest snort. Looking up, Annabelle too rose her muzzle and neighed lightly. With tears streaming down his youthful skin he softly stroked the giant animal’s face, that for the softness and sheer curiosity of her nature caused him to smile lightly at her.
“Arbicos?” The hushed voice of Cilimus suddenly disturbed the male’s dreariness, he looked up at his guard captain. He nodded slowly at the Athenian through crimped face and watery eyes.
“Cilimus,” the warlord spoke quietly in the early morning light, blinking away the water distorting his vision, “alert Chroniclus, tell him to command the troop captains to gather every soldier in Cele, and be prepared to march north immediately. Go then yourself to Athenia and inform king Peremes we march, request he assembles his men to march south in case these invaders have encircled our nation, and to send word for reinforcements from the Hellenic villages to assist in defending our coastlines. The south of Greece and all of Europa may already be under siege from the invaders.”
“Why don’t you march south yourself, warlord?” Arbicos continued to look upon Annabelle as he stood.
“Warlord Arbephest is dead, I march with his men to secure the shores of our home. Cilimus, a war like none this nation has seen since our makers roamed the earth is upon us, the Athenians shall lead all of the Hellenes to victory, now go, with haste, my brother.” Unaccustomed to being addressed in such a fashion the aged captain nodded at Arbicos and made for the barracks of Cele.
Everything the young warlord had once held most dear was gone, still his oath did not cease, drumming away in the back of his mind. It was all that was left; he would find his death in war. 


Chapter 14.

Carried by the Mediterranean winds and the strength of two thousand elite Hellenic sea veterans, what was left of the Athenian navy had made great progress across the waters separating Panthea from Sais. Theleos’ cunning eyes stared intently out across the ships, their crewmen chanting to unite their rows over the sound of the calmly washing waves.
They parted from Panthea with haste upon Theleos’ arrival at the enormous port town, the moment he uttered word from Arbephest to their legendary leader the waters amidst its heavily guarded walls came alive and fell dead again just as quickly. The young guard captain’s gaze more often than not fell upon the lion of Panthea, warlord Crastan, though it had been many harvests since the warrior had stepped down from his post, few still stood that demanded such respect nor oozed with such prestige.
Few moments passed when the captain did not imagine himself standing at that most renowned rank; warlord. Bitterness consumed him every day, if only he had been granted the title by his king before his younger peer, Arbicos, he would never have tasks put upon him by men he felt himself superior to.
They rowed out of the docks in just sixteen trireme; they were the only vessels left in pristine condition. Each ship harboured one hundred and twenty sea veterans, made up of vessel captains, navigators, watchmen and deckhands, making for a heavy bustle upon each tightly packed boat.
Two enormous masts rose from the midst of each upper deck, towards the sterns and beaks. Their strewn linen had been engulfed with air all the way across the Mediterranean, heaving the vessels through the sea.
The sea air carried Theleos’ long hair about his slim unmemorable face. He looked upon the lion of Panthea with a wondrous obsession, recalling how, as he first took to the ranks of the Athenian military, he believed the warlord and Arbephest to have been father and son, so alike was their insanity.
The burly warrior stood an example of what the worst experiences of war could do to a man. To conclude the last rebellions of the west, Crastan lead the Athenian navy to confront a fleet gathered from flocks of nations strung together in search of empire and conquer. Few lived to tell the tale, the warlord returned to Greece a hero, but injured beyond ability to lead an army at war again. 
His right arm came to a stub at his elbow. Bound to it via a sturdy leather attachment the blade of a bronze sword hung to replace what was left of his limb. His right eye too was missing, a deep grim hole sunk into his face and the right of his mouth hung as though his jaw had once been savagely broken and never healed. His aged visage and balding head was set to stone, such a contrast to Theleos’ own un-war bound features.
“They say he makes no effort to cover his wounds to salute those that fell at his command, captain.” A greying deckhand stood by the young male’s side, starring too in awe at the lion.
“What does he say?” The sea veteran shook his head.
“He speaks to no man of his past.” For a moment they continued to gaze upon the old warrior before their musing was interrupted.
“The delta rests ahead, captain!” From the crow’s nest above a crewmate yelled out to Theleos, who abruptly turned to action. He span about and made haste to the trireme’s mast, there he ascended upwards a number of pegs and holding a hand up to shade his eyes from the glare of the sun looked out across the sea. With a struggle he could vaguely make out the faintest traces of dense jungle lining the Egyptian coast.
His intellectual gaze showed little evidence that within he was planning how he would harbour his fleet and be gone from this strange place without gaining attention from the Egyptian sovereign.
It was no secret that the king of Egypt was an unruly, cruel leader. The news which Theleos carried caused a nervousness within the young man for he could not truly be sure of the security of his own life. Despite being in the company of two thousand Athenian warriors and the lion of Panthea, it brought little comfort to his nerves. It was rumoured that Apep kept Sais secure from sunrise to sunset, and through each moonlit night, holding the entirety of the Egyptian military amidst its ancient walls.
A feeling of unease began to subdue the man’s confidence. His jealous mind returned to the image of his rival. His hatred of Arbicos expanded each time he heard the male’s name muttered by warriors or labourers alike. In his arrogance he could not understand why a man three harvests his junior could possibly stand above him after all the years he had served his nation so loyally.
Though he was no sycophant, Theleos was always first to step forward and serve, not for devotion however, but secretly for self gain. In the presence of his superiors he was an outstanding, reliable soldier, despite his lust for everything they possessed. It was not just their status either, frequently did the male pleasure himself at the imaginary image of laying with his warlord’s wife; Anna was on the male’s thoughts near as often as his fantasies of attaining an ever higher status amongst his nation.
While the vessels approached ever closer to the delta a call came across the stirring ocean from a trireme closest to Theleos’ starboard. “Captain! The Athanei reports a vessel of unknown origins visible upon the eastern horizon!” He spun about and leapt over to the starboard gangway, staring out himself he could see nothing but the endless blue.
“Just one?” He glanced at the soldier whose name he knew not.
“Yes, captain!” The very moment he spoke Theleos heard another cry from vessels further to the east of his fleet, and the same Athenian warrior call out once more, much to Theleos’ distress. “The Athanei can see three vessels now, captain!”
Theleos looked out once more for himself, and whether it was a distortion of the water or truly there, a dark blot was visible, he took a deep breath and thought in silence for a moment before being disturbed by a male who looked as though he had barely taken his turn into maturity.
“We should send a vessel back to Panthea and alert the king, captain.” The idea struck Theleos as a sensible one, but he lusted to prove himself to his peers, especially in the presence of Crastan, to show he did not need to rely on the commands of his leaders to succeed.
“Onwards to the delta! Athenian, keep reporting their advance!” Onwards! The word reverberated above the sounds of the sea waves and the men rowing their ships continued the laborious task of reaching the Egyptian delta.
“Why do we continue, captain? It’s clear they’re catching up!”
“Seven vessels upon the horizon, captain! They’re huge!” Theleos huffed deeply, maintaining focus upon the thick green jungle lining the coasts of Egypt. So it’s true.
“All hands to oars!” The captain called out, struggling to make his voice heard beyond the first five vessels in his fleet, before it was echoed by near every crewmate who heard it.
“We should turn back, captain.” The young male’s adolescent voice was beginning to irritate Theleos.
“If they’re hostile, lad, they’ll intervene us,” he looked at the boy, “we can still make it safely to the delta -”
“If they’re hostile we should turn about and fight!”
“The Egyptians must be informed, now get in the hull and row!” His unchanging face scarcely showed an emotion as he yelled at the young Athenian, after some moments of hesitance he obeyed his captain with a look of scorn.
“Their numbers are beyond count, captain!” Theleos turned to gaze off the starboard and was stricken in shock, Hephaestus keep me safe, to the furthest extents of his vision the vessels ranked, their fleet so wide it blocked out the horizon.
“Sound the drums!” His own vessel was closest to the Egyptian delta, he knew he could reach it but not before the unidentified ships encroaching from the ocean were already upon him. “To the east! Prepare to engage!” The trireme were little more than battering rams upon the ocean, it was their sheer size and weight that allowed them to reign supreme upon the Mediterranean Sea. No woodwork could hold against such impact, their reinforced beaks demolished anything they were rowed into. Those who were not sunk by brute force would be boarded, and their crew suffer a far worse fate than to painlessly drown beneath the waves.
With the Athenian drums thudding away, every trireme slowed up. Each captain heard Theleos’ command and gave their own order for their vessels to be turned east and sound their drums of war. Word quickly spread. Theleos himself remained quiet, his own trireme coming to a slow stall, now carried only by the enormous sails high above.
“When should we turn, captain?” The youthful Athenian spoke up once more though was ignored, for Theleos continued to gaze silently through his cunning eyes. Each vessel but his own was commanded. The rowing soldiers skilfully worked in unison, alternating their strokes to gradually turn the gigantic wooden constructs about in the water. The unidentifiable fleet that had not long ago been barely visible upon the horizon enclosed upon them. The white sea foam created in the wakes of their hulls was clearly visible, and despite each Athenian who could see them being a fearless man of war, standing in the face of the unknown is a terrible thing.
Shaking himself from his hesitance the captain turned about and looked down the gangway of his ship. “Continue towards the delta!”
“You would leave your own kinsmen?”
“You are no captain of Arbephest.” A number of his crew yelled at him, the words they uttered struck him deeply, creeping doubt into him, perhaps he was no leader.
“We cannot even be sure they’re hostile!” One of his peers rose from his oar to defend the captain, and as though the great looming shadow that approached ever faster upon the Athenian fleet was waiting for a queue before it acted, every soldier aboard the trireme suddenly grasped for their ears and cringed. The horrific pitch that the men were yet to hear burst forth, curdling in the afternoon air above the Mediterranean Sea. The Athenians looked out to the ocean wincing in pain.
“Hades lives.”
“We should assist our kinsmen, captain! Let’s crush these bastards and let their bodies rot beneath Hepheastus’ waves!” The crew cheered and hollered at their lookout who yelled down from the crow’s nest. Gripped by nerves, Theleos began to nod before his attention was grasped by a number of his crewmates leaning off the woodwork at the ship’s stern. One of them began to laugh erratically.
“The makers!” He looked back crazily across the gangway, “they’re capsizing them!” Theleos looked up with confusion and hurriedly made way. He stared across the water at the vessel’s whose passengers were now visible to the naked eye. The sea stirred wildly about the enormous ships’ hulls causing Theleos and his crew to freeze in curious anticipation. It seemed some catastrophic power from beneath was about to engulf them before all at once they were stilled and the skies became scattered by enormous oddities of grey and white, propelled upwards by enormous wooden structures.
“By Hephaestus,” a male stood and stared as the invader’s weapons of war were loosed into the air in their hundreds, on course for impact with the minute fleet of Athenian ships.
“Theleos!” The young captain glanced across the sea towards the strained voice of Crastan, he leapt across the trireme’s gangway facing the Athanei. “Get your ship to the delta!” With that order the lion turned about, dismissing Theleos to a cowardly course of life. Without hesitance the young captain returned to his vessel’s beak, hearing the riled voice of a natural leader call out to his men. “Athenians, set course to glory! Row!” With a united chorus of grunts, fifteen triremes began to accelerate towards the endless barrage of ships incoming from the east.
“To the delta!” Theleos called out to his men running across the woodwork, hesitantly they began their pursuit. He could no longer merely pass word to the priests of Sais, he knew he must warn Apep of this vast danger, if his entire army was truly present in the ancient city then there was still hope.
The rowers had scarcely made distance before the sound of water being hailed by great plummets reverberated with a terrifying repetition across the quiet sea. Theleos turned upon hearing the screams of dying men and heavy thudding and splintering of woodwork.
Horrified, he watched one of the gargantuan falling boulders collide atop a trireme beak, its reinforced woodwork was blown apart, spraying shattered timber across the ocean, forcing the entire vessel nose first into the sea. The ship’s enormous stern rose up into the sky catapulting men from the deck into the consuming waters below, many of them clung desperately to anything they could in hopes that they might be saved.
Ahead of the vessels that simply disintegrated at crushing contact with the massive weapons of their enemy, the young captain watched the Athanei, commanded by Crastan, encroach upon their target. The moment Theleos had been waiting for fell upon his gaze, the trireme’s beak headed towards its enemy with great pace, made only more brutal for their mark too travelled at many knots. Much of Theleos’ men left their rowing posts to look upon the destruction and each anxiously stared as the lion of Panthea collided with his target.
Even from afar the sound of cringing woodwork erupted a deafening crunch into the air, colliding head on, the Athanei’s reinforced beak immediately expanded and burst, violently stunting the trireme. Athenians leapt overboard into the sea twenty feet beneath for the hull immediately ruptured all along the vessel’s seems. The invader’s ships were built unlike anything Theleos had seen, not from bulky wood like his own people’s. With a hand held across his mouth he felt all hope dissipate, staring shaken to his core.
“To the delta.” At last the young male spoke up to his enveloped crew. One by one they returned to their posts and began heaving their trireme the remaining distance to the Egyptian waterway. Without letting up their pace the looming enemy warships raced through the gaps in the remaining trireme though their lead ships did not stop. Their titanic hulls pushed through the floating debris and stray Athenians trying desperately to gasp for breath. The captain suddenly shook with fear as he realised their intent. “They come for us! Row Athenians, for your lives!”
The mouth of the delta was close now, his men heaved at their oars with an unfading resolve as the calm sea surrounding the ever enclosing enemy ships began to shake wildly once more. A sound unlike anything Theleos knew consumed his ears. He knew his voyage was at an end.
“Prepare landing boats!”
Though he was a captain, he was not prepared to be the last man stood upon this trireme, he scurried down a crude rope and leapt out towards a paddleboat. An intense piercing pitch engulfed him as he fell through the air causing him to land in a heap upon the woodwork, rocking the vessel wildly. He looked up with an awkward strain at the huge impending enemy craft and immediately cowered for a great explosion shook the water just feet from his boat. Several other impacts smashed straight into the reinforced hull and gangways of his trireme.
Masses of appalling screams yelped out from the deck above. Sea water sprayed into the surf, covering his men, causing a tumultuous wave to spill over the shallow paddleboat’s starboard. The trireme’s masts were snapped in two whilst the unimaginably heavy rocks burst clean through the woodwork all about the ship. Another detonation of destruction caused Theleos to cower for his life, enormous chunks of woodwork and splintered timber sprayed out from his wrecked warship. His minute landing boat stirred helplessly in the gargantuan trireme’s shadow.
A sudden pincer of pain scraped across Theleos’ back forcing him forward, falling into his kinsmen who too recoiled in efforts to avoid the wild scattering wood. He watched one his crew brutally knocked out of the vessel by the dispersing debris. His body lay face down in the ocean with a thick red stream oozing from his skull. Another abandoner had been speared in the neck and abdomen by stray woodwork killing him instantly. The captain did not hesitate to push the dead weight out of his vessel before grasping at paddles resting upon deck.
“Clear the water! Here,” he threw three of the men oars and desperately they began rowing towards the mouth of the delta. Looking back at the destruction some glimmering flicker of light sparkled from one of the enormous invading ships, causing him to wince. Theleos looked up at a giant light brown male staring down at him across the sea, hanging from his neck a large circular pendant of what the captain assumed to be polished bronze dazzled reflections of sunlight out across the remnants of the Athenian fleet. “We can make it, together, row.” With little strength left the men began their route into the Egyptian delta. They strained to uphold the boat’s movement but they could not rest for their enemy’s warships began to jolt in the sea once more.
“They will crush us, captain.”
“To the west bank, heave!” Turning the small boat about, with all that was left of their efforts, they rowed towards a shallow river bank at the very mouth of the waterway. Upon changing course a commotion of yelling called out from the enormous towering vessels. Theleos’ five men who had made it into the small landing craft and survived felt its hull beach and each immediately leapt from within. They dragged it up the steep sand bank, leading into the dense Egyptian jungle, though immediately released their grips, scattering at the sound of the jolting vessel’s ceasing movement.
The men leapt up into the trees and watched a mass of hailing boulders fall into the delta where their boat had moments past steered away from. “You see that, captain?” Theleos did not reply through his short staggered breaths. He nodded a number of times to himself.
“We should move before they target the trees, Theleos.”
“Wait.” He whispered, continuing to stare out towards the ocean. Vessel after vessel began to cluster at the mouth of the delta, their design was astounding, the young captain could not understand how such constructions were even capable of taking to water. Dull horns sounded out from the lead ships. Moments after a chorus replied, hundreds of them, each gathering at the waterway entrance.
All at once masses of minute crafts began to scatter outwards from the bowels of each enormous ship, alerting the men’s attention. “Captain?” Theleos nodded.
“Let’s go.” They followed him down towards the wooden boat, crouching towards the sand in some strange hopes that it might deter their enemy’s view. The moment they stepped out from the trees that ghastly sound bellowed out in the air, joined by an influx of yelling and screaming from the invader’s navy. “Hurry!” Scrambling down the beach with the light woodwork boat in each of their hands, Theleos noticed the odd looking men who corralled at the delta leaping down into their own crafts. Hundreds of them, pouring over the sides of their ships, down into the dwarfed vessels below. The captain could see upwards of ten men per boat, his own being rowed by just four. With an intense desperation they heaved. 
It was a great distance from the delta’s mouth to Sais. Theleos lusted to discover some built up area of society so he could begin alerting the Egyptian people of this most abrupt invasion.
Though the men had no time to rest, his mind briefly became calmed for knowledge he was no longer rained upon by those outrageous boulders of his enemy, and for the moment, was away from men who were certainly intent on taking his life.
“By the hand of the makers, captain, what is this?”
“Our makers rest no hand in this, Athenian, these men come from beyond the Pillars, beyond the grasp of Hephaestus.”
“But he doesn’t crush them in his own lands?”
“Perhaps he first confronts their own makers, we can only pray, and hope the Egyptian priests have some answers for us. Keep up your pace, men!” They fell silent as each of their attentions focused upon their physical efforts, there was no time to ponder upon what desecration they had just witnessed. 


Chapter 15.

Atl’As struggled to lift himself from his knees as he gazed up at the immortal face of Poseidon. Hundreds of meters above, the Atlantean god rested in a chariot of gold, carried upon the sea by a breaching pod of cetaceans. He prayed desperately for the safe return of Thu’Ra to his shores, for he knew that should his chosen be safe, his family would surely be.
Beneath the golden mask he winced at a sharp pain in his knee though made great effort not to show any physical signs of strain in front of his servants. In his day he had not once paid thought to what age would do to him, his entire life had been a blur, so full of adventure and excitement it once was.
The ancient king turned about to look upon the central canal of his home. Such beauty that, to this day, he struggled to absorb. Beneath him, past the pristine green grass that lead to the gypsum harbour, he noticed Kotu standing as though she were a statue, looking out for her love.
The old male sighed quietly to himself at the sight. He knew all too well the pains of being absent from those you hold most dear, and though it was at his command the first chosen was so frequently away from Atlantis, he hoped she did not hold him responsible for her torment. He made a slow descent across the perfectly kept pitch, enjoying the comfort of soft foliage beneath his feet, for it gave some relief to the aches in his joints. She did not notice his approach until he spoke.
“You know he will return whether you spend your days watching or not, my child.” At the sound of his frail voice Kotu turned, looking at her ruler. She lowered her head and dipped to rest upon one knee before him. He raised a hand in protest. “Please, Kotu, there is no need.”
“How do you fair today, my king?” 
“As well as Poseidon allows.” She smiled lightly looking upon him through bright blue eyes. Atl’As joined her at the harbour’s edge and together they stared out for some quiet moments towards the entrance of the grand city. “He will return before the lunar cycle ends, my dear, Poseidon has kept him well all his life, as has your love. Nothing will stop him from sailing up this canal to rest his eyes upon you, Kotu.” She laughed quietly through her nose, smiling at her king’s words.
“I know.” To speak to the man was a struggle for her, she knew not what subject would be fit to raise nor whether he truly held an interest in her company. In the midst of the silence Atl’As nodded a number of times before turning about, he took some small steps before pausing.
“When he returns I shall relieve him of his duty, Kotu. You will have the rest of your lives to enjoy one another’s love.”
“Oh thank you, Atl’As,” she twirled about to look at him, welling with joy at the most unexpected announcement. “Thank you.” At her reply he moved onwards, abruptly stopping for a feint sound buzzed in his ear. He looked back towards Kotu in confusion yet it was hidden by the apathetical golden mask.
“Did you hear it, my dear?” She nodded.
“A horn, my king, far up the canal.” Within moments the damp sound was joined by a chorus all across the beautiful city. “Do they return so soon?”
“No,” he returned to her side, “it’s not possible, Poseidon, forbid something has happened.” Atl’As was as confused as Kotu, yet all they could do was helplessly wait. The reverberating horns made the king anxious for they were sounded strictly to signal events of emergency.
After many tense moments a bow ship protruded into vision from beyond the horizon, upon it rested six Atlanteans. Atl’As immediately recognised them as the men and women who worked under his nephew; Atu’Rus. At the beak of the vessel stood a tall slender female, her long cascading silver hair revealed her identity long before Atl’As could see the features of her face. Nati, one of the brightest minds he had ever known, her ingenuity had propelled his nation into this great advancing era of orichalcum, though even she could not find a solution to their nation’s dilemma.
The ancient king did not speak aloud, but he surged with hope that the young researcher had news of a deposit of the most precious resource. Should his first chosen be successful in the delta, and a new source of orichalcum be at his disposal, he could begin expanding his nation’s culture across the globe with the smallest of efforts, sealing his legacy for eternity.
“Who are they, Atl’As?” Kotu’s delicate voice subdued his fantasies.
“Explorers from the district of Atu’Rus, they must carry news from Amek’Ra.”
The males rowing heaved the reed vessel with great pace up to the glistening gypsum dock, upon reaching the harbour Atl’As’ servants hurried to fasten the craft to a gold horn cleat, securing them. Nati rushed up the shallow stairwell onto the gypsum walkway, on approach she nodded elegantly at Kotu, then bowed her head before Atl’As.
“Nati? What is it my child?” She glared her deep emerald eyes directly at his own.
“May I request a private audience, my king? I bring urgent word from Atu’Rus.” Atl’As nodded to her before turning towards the temple of Poseidon, he rose his hand to usher her up the walkway to the heart of his city.



Within Poseidon’s ancient temple the two rested at the feasting chamber’s grand table, Atl’As dismissed his servants before the young Atlantean began.
“We have recently witnessed a seismic disturbance to the north of Amek’Ra, my king, the ice begins to crumble and shift unpredictably. We have began to abandon posts closest to the northern lands, and docks that line the coasts there.” Atl’As shook his head slowly.
“I don’t understand, Nati.”
“My king, if the entire ice sheet shifts the results will be catastrophic. We fear the outcome will be far worse than to lose every last port along the Amek coasts. If the ice slides into Ra’Atlantek, none of us will be safe. Almost an entire lunar cycle has passed since I left Atu’Rus’ side, my king, the extent of the danger has doubtlessly worsened since my departure.”
“What would Atu’Rus have me do, my dearest? Do you require more hands to assist you?” Nati looked upon the golden mask hopelessly.
“No amount of hands could prevent this, Atl’As, I fear not even the will of Poseidon may keep us safe. I’ve witnessed this power first hand, my king. Atl’An lays just across the ocean, Atu’Rus believes our people are vulnerable to suffering a devastating fate should they remain in Atl’An.”
“He wants me to abandon our home?” She shook her head.
“It is for you to decide, my king.”
“Where would we go?”
“Into the mainland of Amek’Ra, away from the ocean, far, far away from the ice.” Atl’As sat for some moments in silence, strangely, the researchers words did not trouble him, he could not grasp the scale upon which she spoke.
“Visit my kin in each district, give them my word and tell them what you have told me. They control the populations of our home, they may decide the fates of our people.” 
“What of you, my king? Shall I organise an escort? My men can take you directly to Atu -” The frail man shook his head.
“My heart is buried beneath the grass that this temple rests upon, I could not leave.” He looked away from her, staring at the deep red walls of the banquet hall. “Do make haste, though.” She gracefully bowed before making her leave.
“Should you change your mind, Atl’As, I will remain until this moon, then I depart.” The ancient king did not look at her, he rest back upon his grand chair and stared into oblivion. He had poured blood upon those icy white cliffs in his day, an endless  barren tundra that stretched further than the eye could see. He was a warrior, an explorer, not an observer, nor did he have the mind of the researchers of Atu’Rus, he did not understand the importance of what Nati had uttered to him. 


Chapter 16.

“Vessel ahead, captain.” He knew not how long his men had been rowing, the young captain had phased out, for the first time in his life he was not spending his moments away from social interaction seething with a bitterness over his kinsmen. Each of them looked up the delta and lay eyes upon a number of fishing boats, scattered along the unending river’s banks. Many of them stopped their work and glared out upon the Athenians, much to Theleos’ pleasure. He knew the Egyptian tongue well, though was not perfectly proficient in speaking it.
“Dock your vessels! Invaders come from beyond the Pillars of Heracles, they will be quicker to murder you than to spare you!” Few of them paid heed, some of them stared with looks of fear, whilst others called back.
“What invaders do you speak of?”
“The invaders were a lie! Apep has said so himself!”
“Then why does he keep the Egyptian army behind the walls of Zau? Beach your vessels and flee, or sail with me to your capital!” As the Athenians made way between the lines of shipping boats the majority of them simply ignored him. A small number began to trail his movements out of suspicion and curiosity at Theleos’ words.
The capital of Egypt was a construction unlike anything built by man in stories Theleos had heard. Sais’ walls, which once glistened gloriously, now stood ruined. The material was similar to that which the Hellenes built their temples from, but each man who looked upon them knew it was different. Where the original foundations still stood the finished surfaces of stone were smooth and reflective, so too were a number of buildings within the walls that the king of Egypt claimed to be the work of his own people.
Sais rested at the convergence of the western central delta, its pale stone walls could be seen from hundreds of meters down and up river, though for all its magnificent splendour, the very sight of those once impeccable fortifications heralded little other than dread. Deep within the walls of the ancient city, amidst an enormous temple dedicated to Athena, the Egyptian’s cruel leader resided. The Hellenic-Egyptian treaty remained secure only through tradition, and belief that Athena had been the primary hand in the foundations of each of their nations.
As the first of the city’s white walls dawned upon Theleos’ vision he felt a new surge of terror rip through him. It was no longer worth informing the Egyptian king that a priest had died in Hellenic territory, the rumours Apep dismissed could no longer be ignored for they approached the Egyptian capital with each passing moment. How far away the captain suddenly felt from home and the safety of his warlord’s command.
The men continued rowing up river, suddenly noticing a great mass of chatter along with the clatter and commotion of a busy port town. The river delta rapidly swept out into a huge clearing of water leading up to a crudely constructed, yet enormous wooden dock. Upwards of a thousand Egyptian citizens charged back and forth across the woodwork, loading vessels and unloading them. Beyond the sturdy platforms a trampled soggy swamp lead to a wide stone pathway, that itself was paved to the wide entrance of the capital city. The rumours surrounding Apep had been no lie, the majority of people were soldiers, many stood at the walls of Sais, more patrolled the harbour ensuring workers kept to their schedules.
The dark skinned villagers paid no notice to Theleos nor his men upon approach to docking, as they paddled into the slipstream however a towering Egyptian guard caught sight of them and made haste to intercept their boarding.
“What business have you in Sais?” To Theleos’ shock he spoke Hellenic, though it was obvious he and his men were not native, to see a soldier speaking a different tongue impressed the captain.
“We come to give urgent word to the Egyptian king, a foreign navy invades the delta mouth as we speak.”
“You lie, the king of Egypt has given his word that these whispers are mere rumours.”
“We need an audience with Apep!”
“Do not speak his name!” The enormous dark skinned male stepped towards Theleos then suddenly froze. Out of sight, up river, masses of faint horns sounded aloud in the moist Egyptian air. The soldier flared his nostrils, staring at Theleos for a brief moment.
“The king of Egypt must be informed, they are coming, you need to clear your docks, they have destroyed the Athenian navy and they come for Egyptian blood!” Theleos became erratic gaining the attention of workers around him. They began to stare and whisper amongst themselves. The horns became ever louder, funnelling down the delta between the walls of trees like a wind pipe.
“What’s that sound?” The Egyptian guard stared intently at Theleos.
“It’s them.” He said and his ally began to breathe heavily, he shook his head with hesitance before looking back at the gate guards.
“Summon the king!” They turned immediately with obedience and Theleos quickly realised the man must have held some authority over this peers.
“I am Theleos, guard captain of the warlord of Rhoma.” The huge male nodded and stretched out a muscular arm.
“I am Nakhti, a prime of the king of Egypt.” Theleos nodded back at the male, clasping arms the Egyptian pulled Theleos from his landing boat and his crewmates followed. Nakhti’s rank was equal to that of the young captain’s.
“Our triremes were destroyed by rocks hurled into the sky by these people, by what means I don’t know. You should clear the dock, Nakhti.”
“I will act when my king gives word, come, should he seek an audience you may approach.” Another orchestra of horns bellowed amidst the delta causing all that stood to look out in fear.
“Clear the docks, Nakhti!” Sweat beads began to pebble the Egyptian’s forehead, he looked desperately at the calm Nile water. After a brief moment of hesitance he burst to life, as though his nerve had suddenly dissipated. He yelled out in his own tongue to his people.
“Clear the docks! Danger comes! Leave your possessions, into Zau, Go!” Without warning the labourers scattered, screaming and yelling, in the chaos Theleos followed the Egyptian prime towards a decaying city gateway. In their rush Nakhti made effort to shepherd his terrified citizens in between Sais’ ancient fortifications. The young captain was shocked at sight of what rested amidst the walls, lines upon lines of Egyptian warriors stood within the complex surrounding what was left of the statue of Athena. Five thousand at least, stood doing little other than absorbing livestock and resources, all for a king whose paranoia was about to be violently shaken.
Once more the invaders horns poured into the wind and the first of their boats came into sight, followed immediately by masses more. This close, Theleos could look upon their bizarre design, endless strands of some woven material was all that held the ships together. However they were built was far superior to his own people’s warships and landing boats.
“By Athena, what is this?” Nakhti spoke in his tongue though Theleos understood his words and the desperation in his voice. The invading vessels began massing in their tens, each crowded with enemy warriors. Strangely, they hesitated approaching the dock and beaching upon the land. “Prepare ranks!” The Egyptian prime’s command was ignored for an enormous uproar erupted amidst Sais’ walls. His soldiers stood staring back into the vast causeway, through the city gates. Amidst the commotion Theleos glimpsed the dazzling crown of king Apep, he could hear furious insults amongst hails of joy as the crowd cast sight upon their ruler.
“Nakhti!” Theleos yelled to the dark skinned male. Hundreds of vessels now pooled into the enormous expanse of water surrounding the wooden docks, the boats began to approach the beaches and woodwork unchallenged for the disorder amidst Sais’ walls.
“Prepare ranks!” Nakhti repeated, sounding more desperate than ever. Less than fifty guards rallied to his call. Before they united to protect the city walls some great looming shadow suddenly darkened the sky from above. Theleos span about in confusion and fear for thoughts that the Egyptian army was about to suffer the same fate as his fleet. Looking up, a light as bright as the sun blinded his vision thrusting a searing heat all upon his skin. He yelled out in pain and leapt to his left taking cover behind the outer wall of Sais, falling awkwardly he grasped at his ears for a thundering bellow ruptured the quiet sky above the ancient Egyptian city. Louder than a hundred of his enemy’s horns of war, it rolled on showing no signs of fading.
Believing his time was finished, Theleos held tightly upon his ears and glared out towards the Nile delta. He breathed heavily with terror, watching a colossal flare of light stream out through the gates of Sais, out upon the hundreds of invading vessels, as it touched the docks the woodwork immediately combusted flaring up in smoke and fire. He struggled to see past the outbreak, watching the ray cast its way right out across the river. Any boat it touched exploded into flames and the invaders onboard jumped into the water screaming and crying out in pain. A great inferno burst forth engulfing the entirety of the murky river surface, the backlash of heat caused the perspiring captain to wince in pain and cower, huddling in a struggle to protect his face.
A great impact abruptly shook the earth and the light faded. A thick black smog engulfed the woodwork of the dock and the waters beyond. From within the walls there were horrific wails of dread and confusion. Theleos watched guards recover from their concussion and stand back in the entrance of their capital to stare with gaping mouths into the courtyard, though the captain himself dared not get up. I pray it’s you, Hephaestus. 


Chapter 17.

Thu’Ra crashed deep beneath the delta’s murky water surface, barely escaping the eruption of flames now consuming his men’s reed transports. The blistering heat rapidly resided giving way to a cool influx of Nile water that soaked his skin. He took great strokes beneath; propelling himself effortlessly with his muscular limbs until he knew it would be safe to emerge.
Amidst his excitement he was troubled by a feeling of anxiety and confusion. He breached the dark water gasping deeply for breath, the chosen peered about his surroundings, quickly gathering that his men were safe. Hundreds of them began to appear from beneath, making efforts not to disturb the river surface. They did not wish  to alert themselves to their enemy. The Atlanteans were proficient swimmers and spared little time in progressing up river where a second dispatch of reed boats awaited to retrieve the fleeing army.
They huddled together towards the river’s centre. As they swam Thu’Ra watched the marshy riverbanks come alive. They stirred in a most peculiar fashion appearing to slide inwards towards the water’s edges. He paid little heed and did not notice masses of dark protruding nostrils begin sinisterly making their way towards his men.
The lingering oddities circled and patiently encroached upon their unsuspecting prey. Many of them lay dormant; those that heard the disturbance however awaited the perfect moment before bursting to life.
With a whimper the first men were plucked beneath the waves, silently, those who saw them vanish whispered out in confusion. Thu’Ra gazed to the head of his men, unaware the lingering jaws of death were surrounding and amidst them already. The brief moment of joy he had taken as the cold delta water consumed him was suddenly lost. A heavy spray of red foam burst up from beneath, from the explosion rose a ghastly sight, between two colossal rows of glinting white teeth was clasped the crushed skull of an Atlantean warrior.
His men’s orders to remain silent were all but forgotten upon sight of a hulking scaly white stomach rising out of the water, carrying the deceased male. A second colossal head breached the surface, nothing more than an endless jaw of razor sharp fangs, it lunged up and grasped the dead man’s waste before abruptly rolling about, exposing its thick green skin and giant clawed upper limbs. With a ferocious snarl the green beast clutching the limp body’s skull pulled away from its competitor, separating the torso with a disgusting chortle of dislocating bones and shredding sinew.
A string of bloody intestines and innards fell from the mangled upper body causing a mass of ripples to stir the delta further, the murky red blotches of water were immediately darkened more by an uncontrollable wave of Atlantean vomit and involuntarily released bowels. “They’re everywhere!” A young warrior screamed out to his peers before an eruption of dirt and water engulfed him, dragging him deep beneath to the darkness. The chosen could never have known his men were to delve into a consuming pit of death.
“Remain calm and head for the river bend!” Little unsettled him, but these blooded monsters were horrific like nothing he knew. Paranoia consumed him for thought that every leg stroke he took beneath the surface could be his last. He grasped tightly upon Kotu’s golden cross and heaved himself through the water. The beasts were so enormous he knew his men could not combat them, they could only watch as friends and family were torn away. Men began crying, calling out to their lost brethren. In the turmoil those that hesitated were those that joined the fate of the fallen.
“Protect the chosen!”
“You swim for your own lives!” Their leader immediately retorted to the strained voice that called warriors to aid him. He did not feel he deserved his own life for the deeds he had already committed this day. The Atlanteans had not planned to come into collision with a navy. The chosen was quickly learning just how many ways a plan so perfect in words could so easily be riddled with an endless number of problems.
“Ahead! Bow ships!” The feeling of fearful anxiety did not reside upon hearing those words. Behind him the water exploded endlessly amidst sounds of grizzled gnarling and crunching bones. Ahead the delta was calm, to be free from these waters was the only thing that raced through his mind.
“Do not look back! Atlanteans, come for us!” At Thu’Ra’s words those resting upon a second dispatch of transport vessels came alive, rowing with all their commitment to heave their countrymen out of danger. Upon contact with the reed bow ships the warriors began scrambling aboard, many of them breathing desperately in shock and fear. Eba rushed his own vessel towards Thu’Ra and hurled himself over the starboard bowel to grab at the giant’s arms. With a yell he dragged the chosen over the reed side and watched him slink into the ship’s deck.
“Get us away from this place, Eba.” Thu’Ra breathed awkwardly, uneasily clutching at the golden cross, he appeared stricken in some daze of disbelief.
“Thu’Ra? Why is there such panic? What happened?” The chosen stared at Eba’s feet, resting upon the vessel’s deck, he shook his elongated head rigidly.
“There was something in the water,” he mumbled. “They were eaten alive.” His eyebrows fell. Confused, Eba began rowing up river towards the safety of Poseidon’s warships.
Within the passing moments the chosen gathered himself and sat up right to observe his surrounding fleet. Many of them looked towards his vessel as if to ensure he was secure. Thu’Ra nodded his head repeatedly, looking about. “To the Parting Sea!” His words were repeated though the shaken warriors merely mumbled amongst themselves for shock still gripped them.
“What of the Equi’Dae, chosen?” Thu’Ra shook his head.
“I don’t know, Eba, I fear the last of the orichalcum failed before our king and queen safely arrived.”
“Chosen?” Eba looked back down the river, past his leader who continued to shake his head.
“Something went wrong, I think the Equi’Dae crashed as the sunstone set our vessels ablaze, the light faded so quickly. I pray we were hidden, I pray they’re safe.”
“But the men of the delta attacked you?”
“No, not men, some beasts... something I’ve ever seen. Enormous, rows of teeth, and power... such power.” Still the chosen’s breathing had not regulated, he sat slumped in the reed bow ship. Eba had rarely seen his leader shaken; he shivered at his words for thought of whatever was hidden beneath the dark water surface.
“How will we know if Tetu’Ra and Ma’At are safe, chosen?” Still shaking his head, Thu’Ra spoke quietly.
“We won’t until we bring the boy to them.”
“And if they don’t come?” He took a deep breath and sighed.
“Then I’ve failed Atl’As.” The chosen rested arms upon knees and sat lifelessly, he caressed the golden cross allowing his thoughts to drift to the centre canal of Atlantis and his love’s beautiful face. Eba fell silent, knowing his leader sought a moment’s peace. He could not relax himself, straining with each heave of the bow ship’s oars, attempting to be away from the deceitfully peaceful waterway.



It was not until the smell of salt being carried upon the sea air drifted over his fleet that Thu’Ra looked up from his trance. Eba smiled at him upon sight of the open water. The chosen nodded a number of times and looked back to ensure his vast fleet of minute reed crafts were still in his company.
“Your mind will be at ease soon enough, Thu’Ra.” The giant exhaled lightly through his crooked nose, his captain’s words brought a light grin to his face.
“My mind will be at ease when we’re home, Eba. I pray for the day to come when Atl’As relieves me of my duties, the day I can live in peace with my family... I fear that day may never come.” Eba released a tight rasp of breathe from between his lips.
“Who would replace you, chosen? You are the embodiment of our golden age! We all know you ‘re the son the king of Atl’An should’ve had.” Thu’Ra shook his head and glanced about the reed boats.
“Your tongue will be the death of you one day, captain.”
“I speak the truth, Thu’Ra.” His words were dismissed as the fleet of bow ships made their way out of the delta, back towards the warships of Poseidon. All about them the debris of their enemy floated upon the Parting Sea. Corpses lay face down amidst the flotsam, the crude vessels which had not been sunk lay immobile in the water, ruined by the Atlantean weapons of war. The sight caused a strand of guilt to pick at the chosen’s conscience as he was hauled up the starboard bowel of his ship, back to the safety of the reed work gangway.
“Secure the vessels!” Thu’Ra bellowed out his commands across the ocean. The less he paid heed to his thoughts the easier it was for him. “How are the waters to the north, Tem’Rus?”
“The waters remain calm, chosen!” The young male looked down and smiled at his leader, it was an honour to hear the giant say his name.
“Make haste, men! There is much left to do under this sun, may Poseidon grant us the fortune to pursue our endeavour without trouble, so we may return home to our loved ones!” All about the ocean his warriors cheered, rowing back towards their own gigantic reed ships, hundreds of the light brown men began to clamber up the bowels returning to their posts.
Once all were aboard, the chosen gave command to begin their course north, towards the lands resting along the northern coasts of the Parting Sea. His desire to be away from these waters grew with each passing moment, though knowledge that he would be back in the company of his life partner and sons before this lunar cycle ended kept his spirits alive, filling him with a great determination to see Atl’As’ plan through to the finish. 


Chapter 18.

A thick pink smog covered the Hellenic skies, enshrouding the ancient planes of Greece. Anna watched the static clouds from amidst the safety of Athenia’s towering blockades. The air had become icy over the course of a single day, the sheer dip in temperature was almost paralyzing. Those who stood in the streets were covered in linen and furs in efforts to avoid freezing.
Thousands of citizens corralled around the inner walls of their king’s fort. Anna huddled the children and their mothers together, encouraging all that wished to join her to do so without hesitance. She had organised word to be sent immediately all across Athenian territory, to towns, villages and smallholdings, for them to gather at Athenia for the safety of their people’s generations to come. It was pleasing to see such numbers within the confiding walls.
The first lady kept Arbephest’s parents close by at all times, not out of guilt, she felt little sadness inside for the loss of her husband, but for feeling of an honouree binding to the words she had uttered to the man long ago. His family was still her own, though her bloodline lived in the hills below Panthea, the destination she wished to take her people’s evacuees.
Beyond the audible crowd hundreds of Athenian heads turned to look at a guard who stood outside Peremes’ fort. “Your king comes forth!” Those that stood fell quiet, it was a rare, pleasurable sight, for the majority, to look upon their ruler. Few had quarrel with him nor felt disdain. The Athenian people were self sufficient and abundant, their nation had been free to live without fear for hundreds of harvests.
“Athenians!” The small unimposing man began. Anna watched him scan the crowd, upon meeting her gaze he stared. “Today I learned that a son of Greece has fallen, a great leader, a mighty warrior.” What’s he up to? “Though they say he was slain effortlessly whilst trying to defend our home against these invaders from the ocean.” The crowd began to mumble amongst themselves.
“My husband was murdered!” Anna yelled out, furious at her king’s lies.
“Indeed! As were all the heroic warriors that marched with him to the Northern Pinnacle. We want the same thing, first lady of Rhoma, the safety of our people.”
“What will we do, my king?” A male called out of the mumbling crowd. Peremes raised his small hand in efforts to calm them though his lack of presence failed to attain their attention.
“Quiet!” His guard yelled out across the ocean of people, succeeding in regaining their focus. 
“We will march across the land bridge and set up an impenetrable blockade whilst our kinsmen from the north, south, east and west flock to their king’s call. The armies of Rhoma and Cele have each been informed of my plan, we will await them and the rest of the Hellenic armies before, as one united force, we return to take back our homes. We will liberate all of Europa, Libya and Asia, no usurpers from beyond our land will be free to tyrannise everything we Athenians stand for.”
“Land bridge?” Nobody cheered at Peremes’ words, Anna could hear the confusion amidst excitement and fear.
“Who will lead us south?” At those words his guard stood to attention, Anna had no idea who he was.
“In the death of the warlord of Rhoma, and an immediate need for a leader in this moment of trouble, I name a man who I know personally, a warrior equalled by none in both combat knowledge or ability. Warlord Heleon, step forward.” With those words Peremes turned about, disappearing back into his fort. His own guard? She had no true interest in the affairs of war, yet knew that to simply pick a man was not the way a warlord was chosen. Traditionally he was required to have an overwhelming amount of support before a queen or king was to utter his name, he was required to stand already a military captain, not a guard who had likely never seen combat in his life.
“To any who don’t know,” the new warlord yelled out to the confused crowd, “the south of Greece is now only a part of our nation via a small land bridge, we begin our march the moment your king returns. Those who wish to join us in liberating our kinsmen may do so, those who seek safety should join the first lady of Rhoma. Would she step forward for a brief audience with her ruler?” Anna made her way through the flock of townsfolk, curious over the purpose of her summoning.
Within the throne room her king rested, his chin slumped upon a clenched fist. She stood in the doorway without bowing, she had heard much about the man from her husband, though had never engaged in any worthwhile conversation upon the few occasions they had met.
“Peremes.” She halted, waiting for some sort of speech or question involving her intended destination.
“Are you sorry for your loss, Anna?” She could not have predicted that, with an uninterested face she shook her head.
“No.”
“Your husband is dead and you don’t care?” She blinked, unmoved.
“If the march of our people is waiting upon this audience to end then it’s finished, I have nothing to discuss about my husband, he’s dead. My country needs me.” She turned to leave, provoking the small man to speak up quickly.
“Do you know why your husband is dead, Anna?” She did not look back.
“Because of me, because of his country.”
“Because he was too stupid to listen to his own king! I commanded him to take the Athenian army to the Northern Pinnacle, but in his arrogance he took just a few men, and paid for it with his life.” She knew he was lying, but what did it matter, she stepped forward and he called out once more, his light voice screeching with frustration. “You’re lucky I didn’t have both of you stripped of your titles for his disobedience! Exiled and cast out to the savages! I hope these invaders burn Rhoma to the ground and have that disloyal peer of your husband’s head on a pole.” He really is as pathetic as Arbephest said.
“Let’s hope Arbicos arrives at this land bridge before they have a chance, my king.” She spoke with sarcasm, uninterested in anything more the man had to say until he began to laugh lightly.
“That man marches to his death as we speak, there will be no word to the sons of Hephaestus.” She was stunned, though still did not turn to look at him.
“Why would you leave your people to die?”
“Arbicos’ men aren’t my people, nor are your dead, loyal to the Athenians husband’s, I want him dead. Your animal of a husband near strangled me to death, and Arbicos watched, he did nothing to stop it. When the sons of Hephaestus are gone I will establish my own ruling over my own country, the ways of old will be no more.”
“You’re a coward.” 
“I am the king of Greece! Utter a word and you’ll be branded a conspirer, I’ll have you shamed in front of all your loyal followers. Try as you might to save your people, Anna, Athenians will die because of your husband. Now get out my sight!” His pitiful nature infuriated her. She stormed out of the throne room seething. From the hallway a most peculiar sight struck her. It seemed masses of tiny white petals were fluttering slowly down from the sky. Upon reaching the structure’s entry a bitter breeze struck her, it was snow, it fell far beyond the horizon. For some moments she looked about at the beauty of the thick pink clouds and icy white droplets engulfing her home. Past Peremes’ fort, thousands of Athenian citizens huddled together, they each looked disgruntled and tired, lost.
Anna rushed through them, rubbing at her slender arms in efforts to warm herself. She quickly found Talia and Phesten and took them aside. “I’m going to Panthea, Peremes has no intention to gather the Athenian army at the land bridge, he’s sick, he has a grudge against Arbicos’ and Arbephest’s men. He plans to leave the Athenian army alone to die at the hands of the invaders.”
“We must tell the people, Anna.” Talia looked wild, her stout frame became stiff at her words. Anna shook her head.
“Peremes will turn my people against me if I try, I’ll have a message sent from Panthea, to Egypt, when their king knows we are truly under siege he’ll send reinforcements,” she sighed. “I hope.”
“What of Arbicos and his men? Shouldn’t they be warned?”
“Arbicos wouldn’t retreat, even if he knew his king was abandoning him, the man has nothing to live for. Knowing that no reinforcements comes will only trouble him. I hope the Egyptians can aid us in time.”
“How will you get there, Anna? Will you be safe?” This time Phesten spoke up.
“I’ll ride, I’ll be safe riding. People must know the truth.”
“Can you?” She nodded.
“I rode with Arbephest when we were young, he named his horse after me.”
“We know,” Talia smiled, “he was most fond of you.” Anna glanced briefly between Phesten and Talia.
“Take the children and the elderly, they’ll be safe in the hills below Panthea, I’ll come once message has been sent to Egypt.”
“You’re a brave woman, Anna, Arbephest was lucky to have you.” Talia put a hand on Anna’s shoulder, she smiled before turning away from them. To hear words like that wracked her with guilt. He must never have told them how cold she was, she wondered if her husband ever thought about how she treated him. They never argued about it, he never so much as spoke a word concerning her actions. She just wanted to hurt him, if she had or not was unknown to her.
Just steps away from Arbephest’s parents the crowd erupted into fearful whimpers, beneath their feet Anna felt the lightest tremors shaking the earth. Athena, what is becoming of us? With an ever growing fear she made haste to Athenia’s stables. She knew not what she could achieve by sending message to Egypt, but she had to do something, anything. Her king was abandoning what was left of the Athenian army to stand alone against this invading nation, and she felt helpless to prevent it. 


Chapter 19.

The first chosen looked north, up at the bright red sky that appeared as though it was ablaze with fire. His warships had Imr’As’ fleet in sight. One lone vessel made haste ahead of the rest. “What is this place, chosen?” Eba too glared upwards in shock for the sky towards the north.
“The land Poseidon fled, when the world was young, captain. Atl’As warned us never to land upon the shores of this place. I see why now.” Eba nodded at his words before they were disturbed from above.
“They signal to board, chosen!” The giant looked up at Emen’Rus and nodded. A sudden chilly breeze flooded upon him causing a shiver to cut across his skin. “Allow them their way!” The lookout called down to his crewmen and a number of them prepared to stabilize the minute reed boat to the warship’s bowels.
Three Atlanteans boarded, each covered from head to toe in thick layers of linen, quite a contrast to the masses of bare chest warriors aboard Thu’Ra’s vessel. They marched across the reed gangway to the beak where their chosen rest and knelt before him.
“Chosen, we’ve been waiting upon your presence.”
“Where is Imr’As? Why are these warships so close to the northern shores?” The men looked at each other, continuing to kneel.
“We were ordered to land upon the northern shores by our prince, chosen.” The giant stood up.
“Where’s the boy?” The men fell silent for some moments before one mumbled.
“Murdered, chosen.” At his words Thu’Ra lunged forward and grabbed the linen lining his throat in two bundled fists, he dragged him up from his knees and spoke slowly, disguising his desperation.
“Where, is the boy.” The male who he held continued to look at the floor.
“Dead.”
“HOW?” Thu’Ra ran forward with the man in his grasp until he collided with the towering siege weapon amidst the vessel’s deck.
“Please, chosen, it was upon my prince’s command, a guard named Eltu was with him when he died, the leader of their people killed him. Eltu said he held the men off for as long as he could but he -” Thu’Ra released his grip from the man’s throat, he looked down at the deck then out towards the northern shore. “We should get away from this place chosen. Before the prince was murdered the men of the north came with just a few, and slaughtered half the prince’s army.”
“Imr’As was leading men in combat?” He looked once more upon the male who rubbed at his neck desperately, he shook his head.
“At night, their leaders came back alone, we caught one of them, but the other broke him free and together they fled into the wilderness. At first light, my prince, Eltu and his senior guard pursued the fleeing men, he was followed closely by Imr’As’ chosen; Emak’Rus. Eltu said they all attacked, but one of them could not be touched, as though protected by the god he serves.” Thu’Ra shook his head.
“He’s just a man, how did you know they were leaders?”
“They wore great belts, but at the clearing Eltu said he managed to kill one of them, afterwards the other fled. Just one remains, chosen.” After a moment’s thought Thu’Ra nodded to himself.
“Re-board your bow ship, have every warrior of Imr’As’ fleet on shore before mine are, have them equipped for combat, and have Emak’Rus and this, Eltu, meet me upon my arrival.” The male nodded.
“Yes, chosen.” His accomplices turned and nodded at their leader and together they rushed back to their reed boat. Thu’Ra inhaled deeply, resting a heavy hand upon his bald elongated skull. For some moments he remained silent, he looked across the warship, every one of his crew were looking upon him, stricken in shock.
“Eba, come. The rest of you! Take us as close to the northern shoreline as is safe.” The crew burst to life at his words, Eba stepped forward and together they made way to the beak of the boat.
“What’s the minimum number of men you’d need to guide a warship home, captain?” Eba looked confused, thinking to himself for a brief moment.
“No more than thirty, chosen, why?”
“I want you to return to Atl’An, to tell Atl’As that I may be longer than anticipated.” Eba leaned forward and whispered.
“Chosen, why do you go after these men? The boy was not to return to Atl’An anyway, why not just -”
“Be silent, Eba...”
“This was not your fault, Thu’Ra.” He pleaded with his leader.
“The boy was my responsibility. Tell Atl’As all I have told you. That I will return...” He looked at the reed work, breathing slowly.
“Do you have a message for her also, chosen?” The giant raised a hand and held Kotu’s cross in silence before shaking his head.
“We’ve said our long goodbye.”
“Thu’Ra?” Eba looked up at the giant. His gaze was met with a smile. His chosen’s eyes were empty. Encroaching upon the northern shoreline, Thu’Ra made haste across his ship’s gangway and informed those who would be returning home to remain seated whilst the rest of his warriors unbound the bow ships from the bowels and prepared to sail ashore.
Before they began their ascent Eba came to his leader’s reed boat and simply stood, he looked at his leader and slowly nodded. “May Poseidon keep you safe, chosen.” Thu’Ra turned to look at the man, he was without emotion. 
“Go, Eba, we’ll return before this cycle’s end.” With hesitance the sea captain nodded repeatedly, he pushed the stern of Thu’Ra’s reed boat away from the warship and looked upon those who had been left with him to sail home.
The winds felt colder in the bow ship, though the sea scarcely stirred, the clouds above the land to the north looked frozen in time. Thu’Ra assisted his crewmen in rowing, hundreds of small reed crafts made way towards the Atlantean encampment, upwards of fifteen thousand warriors swarmed towards the shoreline to join those already waiting.
The closer he got to the coast the colder it became, he noticed those already resting upon the mainland were each covered up in whatever strewn out materials they could find.
Stepping onto land, Thu’Ra recognised the Atlantean who had made way to his vessel rushing forward from amidst the masses of tents and armed warriors. “Emak’Rus and Eltu are waiting for you in the prince’s chamber, chosen.” He raised a hand to suggest the way. Together they weaved through the elephant hide structures until they came to a pitch of tents constructed in a tight semi circle near the shoreline.
“It was here one of their leaders were discovered, chosen.” The men made way around the towering tents until the space amidst them opened up, what the chosen saw surprised him as much as it angered him.
“He brought a vessel to these shores?”
“When my prince saw what these people had done to his men he wanted to burn their towns to the ground, chosen, he thought scouts might find signs of an orichalcum deposit, that he could raise the Equi’Dae and prove himself to his father.” Thu’Ra shook his head. He looked at the Equi’Dae, the orichalcum encrusted material which wove it together tinted it with a dull metallic reflection. It’s shape reminded him of his people’s reed ship’s hulls. He had never rest within one, Atu’Rus said that one day his people’s armies would travel across the sky without the slightest restraints. Such a proposal fascinated him, perhaps one day his people might even reach the stars.
He had only a scarce idea of how the vessels were propelled. Fluctuating liquid orichalcum, constantly pumping searing heat into countless minute air sacs. Atu’Rus had told him the vessels were the primary cause of the orichalcum’s depletion, the material was at the heart of everything his nation developed. Without it they were merely conquerors and enslavers. There was no justifiable reason to occupy innocent nation’s territories. It doubtlessly appeared as though his people sailed to invade these lands unprovoked, yet there was a great purpose to their actions. This invasion however was different, it was not for orichalcum, but for revenge that the Atlanteans had gathered into one. Thu’Ra held Atl’As second to just one. He could not turn his back, for his king’s honour. Why did I trust the boy? The chosen’s mind churned with frustration. After some moments of hesitance he came to his senses.
“Take me to Emak’Rus.” The male lead him towards a central tent, he lifted the grey flap and signalled Thu’Ra to enter. Stooping low he stepped into the fire lit structure, the warmth felt good against his chilly skin. On sight of their leader Emak’Rus and Eltu dropped to their knees.
“I’m sorry, Thu’Ra,” Emak’Rus yelled out, “I was too late, our prince was already deceased when Eltu lead me back to his body.”
“Stand, chosen of Imr’As, no one blames you for our loss” the male looked up at Thu’Ra, he stood, short and stocky, built like a bovine. The first chosen knew he was a wild animal on the battlefield. “Eltu, tell me of this man who took our prince’s life.”
“He was young, pale skinned, they all were. He fought like nothing I’ve seen in my life, chosen, I defended my prince for as long as I could,” he looked at the floor while speaking, “but they were too quick, one of them got to my prince, and Natan, before fleeing like a coward.”
“I was told you believe he was protected by a god?” Eltu nodded quickly.
“Because I could not strike him, chosen, I had many attempts on his life, but I could not strike him.”
“How many were there?”
“Both their leaders, chosen, we subdued one and killed him but not before the other took Natan and my prince’s life, we fought for some time before he fled.” Thu’Ra nodded.
“Did you take the belt from the dead man’s body?” Eltu continued to stare at the floor, he shook his head.
“I didn’t think to, chosen.”
“Not to worry, Eltu, Atl’As himself would be proud of your actions, a hero by all accounts. Emak’Rus, are these men upon the northern shores loyal to you?” The bulky male nodded and stood to attention.
“Each of them, first chosen. Our scouts have acquired knowledge of our enemy’s closest stronghold, it lays north, troops are assembling, their numbers are still small. The place appears crude, and their leader will doubtlessly lead them into battle once more.” Thu’Ra nodded.
“When the man who dons that belt is dead we return home. You will both be rewarded grandly for your actions and commitment to Atl’As.” Eltu continued to stare at the ground. Emak’Rus held his chin high, he was honoured by the first chosen’s words. “Emak’Rus, command your men to rest, at first light we march, have them well fed, be sure they’re fresh, for tomorrow I wish to be gone from this land. For Atl’As’ honour, he who murdered his son will be punished. A life for a life. I care only for that belt, once the man is dead and the proof is ours, we leave. No more bloodshed than is necessary.” Emak’Rus nodded repeatedly and bowed slightly at Thu’Ra’s words before making haste out of the structure. Eltu quickly followed. The third male remained.
“Would you appreciate some skins and linen to warm yourself, and some food, chosen?” The giant nodded and the male disappeared. With a great sigh he looked about the small hide tent and lurched over to a wooden crate. There he sat down and held tight upon Kotu’s golden cross. He had seen many things in his life, though this day stood head and shoulders above all others. He had never felt so desperate to be gone from a place. For much time he caressed the golden cross, blocking out the burden of his commitments, waiting for some food and warmth to arrive so he could prepare himself mentally for tomorrow’s light. 


Chapter 20.

Atl’As gazed out across Atlantis. The city had began shaking violently in the depths of the night. He was pleased his siblings chose to evacuate. The entirety of the previous day had been a wild rush to escape, in the escalating chaos a riot had almost broke out upon the pristine streets, yet the kings of Atlantis managed to keep their people united. Those who did not wish to take to Ra’Atlantek moved north east, to take refuge amidst the mountains of their fertile mainland.
From within the statue of Poseidon itself, high above the temple, Atl’As had withdrawn the golden sheets that made the immortal mask’s eyes, granting him an un-obscured view to the furthest reaches of his home. He glared up the central canal, across the concentric rings that outlined the districts of his city, and the deep turquoise waterways that separated them. He stared dreamily to the copper outer walls, and back across the radiant metropolis. The sun’s rays reflected off the towering gypsum rooftops, giving the entire place an appearance of glistening gold.
He prayed the ocean’s tumultuous surface and violent earthquakes did not confirm Nati’s warnings, what if the icecap truly has slid into Ra’Atlantek? existence cannot be at its end, Poseidon, father of Atl’An, let my people be safe upon the sea. His mind shifted chaotically between wild ideas and desperate prayers.
“My king!” A servant called out from beneath, “Please, my king, let us make haste to a vessel! No one has returned, let us escape, please.” Atl’As shook his head.
“If it is the end, Amal, fleeing is futile, come, watch.” Even upon the promise of death the male obeyed. He climbed a ladder and joined his king in the statue, together they stood and watched from Poeseidon’s eyes out towards the sea. Far beyond his vision, a wall of water cascading amongst the clouds swept across the Atlantic Ocean. High above Atl’As, a dark tempest preceded the encroaching wave, crawling slowly across the heavens in its bid to block out the sun. Jagged flashes of lightning stretched out across the sky, releasing the full fury of a stirring storm upon his city, yet he could hear nothing but a deep grumbling hum out towards the ocean surrounding Atlantis. For a brief moment the winds fell dead. Not a being disturbed the silence for the city was empty.
In the morning light a silver wall appeared from the furthest reaches of the ancient king’s vision. He raised a hand and unstrapped his golden mask, revealing a gaunt face. The wall grew tremendously in size with each passing moment, becoming clearer and clearer to his aged eyesight. Atl’As shook uncontrollably.
He had hoped for the day that his god would usurp the lands he wished to conquer, though looking across Atlantis, with a fear he could not conceal, he never believed Poseidon would allow the ocean to wash away his own existence. He had once believed the outer walls of his home to be the grandest sight he would ever see, yet as the sea roared from afar, the tidal wave which approached Atlantis already blocked out the sky.
The temple on which Poseidon’s statue rest began to judder violently, Atl’As was hurled forward, feeling the gold structure buckle beneath his feet. Poseidon, my father, pray you save my home. Your home. Your people’s home. The whispers under his breath became erratic. The wave stood hundreds of times higher than the copper lined wall protecting thousands of gypsum buildings. He could only watch the roaring ocean encroach, becoming louder even than the rupturing earthquakes that shook his lands.
Struggling to remain on their feet the two male’s chattered desperately, whispering prayers to their god, yet they both fell silent upon watching the impending doom hurtle into and through the first titan of Atlantis. The colossal structure was uprooted and ripped from its beautiful gypsum pillars with a sound of cracking stone and cringing metal. All that it stood for, a statement of power and supremacy, was abruptly consumed by the silver wave.
The outer walls vanished at contact with the ocean barrier, the sea surged over them without the slightest hindrance. On impact with the gypsum structures, rooftops were ripped away and colossal columns propelled high into the sky, only to be engulfed by the unstoppable barrage of liquid. As the city’s foundations trembled, tears streamed down the ancient king’s face. All his ancestors had built was crumbling before him. Faster than his thoughts could react the gargantuan wave swallowed the outer district and the second, before its unstoppable mass thundered into the statue of Poseidon, claiming Atl’As and his nation, subsiding all that stood in its path beneath the waves. 


Chapter 21.

Thu’Ra did not need to be woken, he watched endlessly throughout the early hours for the first signs of light to split the horizon. He never slept the night before an invasion, apprehension made sure of that. Before the calm was disturbed he exited Imr’As’ domain. He was geared for combat, donning a lightweight golden sheet that covered his vitals, all be it lightly. Thick skins covered his legs. He kept his arms free. Kotu’s pendant hung down over his protection, resting dormant against his chest.
The giant carried a colossal hammer, its handle made of solid wood that weighted it greatly. Its head was made from pure orichalcum. He could swing the weapon with utmost precision, tirelessly. The enormous mallet had been handed down to him from Atl’As upon the eve of his first venture in search of orichalcum, it caused shock amidst the kings of his people though each came quickly to respect Thu’Ra after proving himself over and over again to his nation.
The giant made haste across the beaches of the northern shores. Campfires were strewn out endlessly throughout the encampment which had trebled in size upon arrival of the first chosen’s troops. Twenty thousand Atlanteans stood at his command, the largest force of men he had ever known.
Chosen, he nodded at those who called his title, looking relentlessly through the crowds in search of Emak’Rus.
“Where does Emak’Rus rest?” At last he resolved to ask a band of males.
“This way, chosen, at the heart of our first encampment.” Thu’Ra nodded and followed the slender warrior but a short distance. Sat around a raging fire rested Emak’Rus, and a number of other men. Upon sight of the first chosen he dropped to one knee and his peers followed.
“There is no need, brothers, in arms we are equals.” Whilst they nodded with respect, Thu’Ra noticed the firelight dancing off a number of reflections. Around the men rest weapons he was unfamiliar with, though he made a quick assumption as to their origins.
“These are the weapons of our enemy?” Emak’Rus stood up grasping one of the short slim shards of metal, he stepped forward presenting it.
“An incredible design, chosen, we believe the material to be a bronze, hardened unlike anything my men know of,” he looked around briefly at the scattered weaponry, “here,” the stocky male reached down and grasped at a second weapon, “this one retains its sharp edge.”
Thu’Ra seized it, looking upon the blade with great intrigue. With the lightest touch he pressed his thumb against its edge and immediately recoiled as it pierced his skin. “Incredible, isn’t it?” Emak’Rus looked up at Thu’Ra.
“Chosen?”
“How primitive you describe these people’s home to be, yet their weaponry makes ours look like our nation is merely in its infancy.”
“These are primitive, warlike people, chosen, they are nothing alike to us.” The giant nodded repeatedly.
“Perhaps so, still, they should not be underestimated. It’s clear they excel on the battlefield.” This time Emak’Rus nodded, continuing to gaze up at his leader. For some moments the chosen stared at his dim reflection in the bronze edge. Emak’Rus watched the giant’s eyebrows briefly rise and fall, as though a thought had just been concluded or suggested to himself, then he spoke up. “Prepare your men to march, Emak’Rus, do not sound any horns until you have first heard my own being blown. I do not wish to alert anyone to our actions.” Emak’Rus nodded again.
“As you command, chosen.” At that moment a freezing wind cut through the encampment reminding Thu’Ra just how cold it was upon these shores. Passing over, from above, it seemed the clouds had dropped at once all their contents, as a gusting flurry of snowflakes swept across the northern shoreline. 


Chapter 22.

The young warlord’s black eyes surveyed his men in the darkness. The shrill cold was biting, yet his focus ignored the pain. They approached the barricades of Rhoma. No man spoke. The silence was gripping. Chroniclus lead the men, Arbicos merely walked amongst them, his mind was empty, his body but a shell acting on instinct.
Amidst their ranks a harem of horses was lead through the bitter night, he wished to send message to Athenia the moment his army had cleared the invaders from Greece. He kept Annabelle close, for his fallen brother’s sake, he knew Arbephest would have wished her to be kept well.
His troops only realised they were at the fortified town when they cast gaze upon the silhouettes of its derelict blockades. A deathly calm enclosed the entire countryside, in the twisting flickers of firelight an endless stream of snow could be seen plummeting down upon the frozen grass, blanketing the earth as the dispersing flower buds did in the warmest months of the year.
His men were each covered from head to toe in masses of linen and furs, it did little to deter the chill however. Many of his troops shivered in the dark morning hours, some of them made brash movements, trying in vain to warm themselves. Upon sight of Rhoma’s entry a number of armed Athenians rushed out to greet Chroniclus, they too were covered in whatever scraps of cloth they could gather.
“Does warlord Arbicos march with you, captain?” Chroniclus was well known amongst all Athenian warriors, he was a leader, a certain heir to Arbicos’ title should the young man ever fall in combat.
“He marches with his troop, do you hold rank?” Arbicos’ three thousand five hundred warriors began to slow upon hearing Chroniclus commune with the huge bearded male from Rhoma.
“My name is Ureles, I’m one of Arbephest’s troop captains, Phelan requested I should await for our warlord’s presence.”
“Where is Phelan?” The young warlord’s deep voice spoke out before Chroniclus could answer, at the sound Ureles stood to attention.
“He waits at the armoury, warlord, Arbephest’s troops are ready to march on your command.” Arbicos nodded without looking at the male.
“Take me to him. Chroniclus, have our men and the horses gather within the walls, find a fire, warm as many of them as you can, but be ready to have them in formation the moment I give command. Keep the mounts fresh.” The towering captain nodded.
“In the walls!” He roared out across the men. Arbicos made haste with Ureles into the streets of Rhoma. They snaked in and out of the small clay structures, amidst the snow laden streets, until the large armoury complex rest before them.
“Phelan!” Ureles yelled out at the structure and the young Athenian immediately appeared, he was bare chest, much to Arbicos’ surprise. He donned Arbephest’s belt and his legs were covered in some breed of animal fur. He marched before Arbicos and stood to attention.
“Warlord, Arbephest’s men are prepared as you ordered, we are ready to march with you.” Arbicos nodded lightly, speaking, he looked between Phelan and Ureles.
“They are your men now, Arbephest was a brother to us all, but he’s gone, you must take command -” Amidst his speech there was a sudden uproar between the streets of the abandoned town. The young warrior could hear profanity being bellowed in his own tongue, yet there was another voice, spilling some unknown gibberish into the air.
“Phelan! Where is Phelan?” Becoming more audible, several Athenian warriors fell into view, they were part of a pulsating mob, what they surrounded however Arbicos could not tell. “Throw him out, Dacos!” From amongst the men they pushed forward a struggling individual, one of the warriors tripped him and the tall, slender, light brown skinned male crashed awkwardly to the snow covered floor. 
The mob pinned his face to the ground and stood on limbs to restrain him, many of the men suddenly noticed Arbicos was present and their focus immediately fell away from Phelan. “We found this bastard in the woodlands, warlord, he was watching Rhoma, he didn’t see us sneak up.” 
“Look at its skull!”
“Is it a man?” Arbicos looked upon the male, the elongated skulls of the invaders still caused a feeling of shock and confusion to surge through him.
“Raise him to his knees.” A few of the men violently jerked him up, standing on his calves and feet to pin him. They each stood in silence as the barrage of snow continued to plummet down from the heavens. Arbicos looked at the man for some moments, who himself gazed into oblivion. The young warrior approached, lowering himself, “from where do you sail?” The invader continued to stare blankly at no one. Phelan stepped forward and stood by Arbicos’ side, suddenly the invader looked up at the belts around the warrior’s wastes, he then glanced between the two of them. “Do you understand anything?” Arbicos leaned towards the male just slightly and he immediately spat in the warlord’s face. 
As Arbicos recoiled Phelan burst forth with a bronze blade and with a low grunt drove it up into the floor of the stranger’s mouth. He began to spasm where he was held and gurgled horrifically before the young male pulled his blade free, causing an eruption of blood to spray upon the white spread of snow beneath him. “Burn the body.” He commanded the mob, “Ureles, I’ll sound the bell. Let’s prepare the men.” Arbicos stood for a moment dazed, he was not shocked, he simply did not care anymore, he had grown cold.
Phelan disappeared for a moment into the armoury, from within the warlord heard the gong of a single bell echo out through the streets of Rhoma. Some moments after it was followed by a second, and then a third. Phelan returned to the entrance with a shield in hand, he held it to his bare chest and stood with his eyes shut. Arbicos watched him. Confused, he stood quietly. For much time the young warrior did not move, until all at once an enormous outburst of cheering and hollering disturb the quiet. Shields and swords clashed and furious bellows filled the town, for Arbephest!
Arbicos suddenly felt fuelled, he could feel the rage amidst the streets, the testosterone, it coursed adrenaline and confidence through his system. Phelan stepped forward and stood before him. “We planned to salute Arbephest at the sound of the bell, warlord, his men will assemble now.”
Arbicos nodded at the young man and reached forward his arm, they clasped briefly then walked together in silence towards the gates of Rhoma. Thousands of men joined them marching through the streets uniting a sound of crunching snow beneath them. There was such a powerful buzz in the air, a feeling of immortality, as though they could march out against any army, any number of men, and stand victorious at the end of the bloodshed. These men were Athenian warriors, they were the sons of Hephaestus.
The resistance formed just beyond the northern barricades of Rhoma as the first strands of daylight protruded with a great struggle through thick pink clouds and blustering snow. Six thousand men, stood in four split ranks of fifteen hundred. The central troops were lead by Arbicos and Phelan, the outer two by Chroniclus and Ureles. Arbicos requested Chroniclus lead at Phelan’s outer rank to support the boy.
Arbicos commanded the central ranks to stand one hundred men wide and fifteen deep, the outer ranks stood seventy five wide and twenty deep in anticipation of becoming surrounded. He believed he outnumbered his enemy, but knew it paid well to underestimate no one.
The young warlord leapt upon Annabelle’s back and trotted her along the front line of his army, he looked at them through his lost eyes for some moments then began to nod his head. “This is no longer about ridding an enemy from our territories, Athenians, these men took one of our brothers, for that, let us take all of theirs.” The crowd roared despite the warlord’s lack of enthusiasm, he had never been one to give speeches. He leapt down from Annabelle, handing her reigns over to be lead back to the harem. Returning to the lead of his men his deep voice rumbled across the countryside.”Forward march!” 
“For the Hellenes!” Chroniclus bellowed, looking back at the troops, he huffed deeply. For the Hellenes! They joined his wild cry. The winds were against them as they began their trek, the falling ice was bitter, yet Arbicos knew once his army collided with the invaders the cold would be forgotten.
Forward march! The warlord’s words were echoed by his captains, he knew he could not rile his men as Arbephest did, he never could, his mind was far too astray. He had always forced himself to celebrate in victory with them however, despite his dark thoughts binding him down.
This time round Arbicos had no intention of charging down to the beaches at the Northern Pinnacle. He would not have his men die at the hands of these cowards before they had even reached their enemy’s lines. He wished to march out towards the shores and scout the hillsides that lead down to the beaches before he made his move.
“My bollocks will be frozen before we reach the Northern Pinnacle! How will I fight with frozen bollocks?” Arbicos heard an eruption of laughter scatter through his ranks at the warrior’s words, though he scarcely found humour in anything. Still, he was pleased they were keeping a high moral, despite the foul weather, and ill atmosphere after the loss of Arbephest.
For much time they marched through the darkest parts of the morning, the majority of his soldiers chatted amongst themselves, many joked, more complained of the cold, others told stories of battles, some the legends of the Hellenic past, none would believe they were marching to war.
An unknown distance across the Hellenic countryside the reverberation of chatter abruptly ceased. Each man leading rose an arm to command the halt of their men. Scarcely visible for the light was still bleak, and for the thickness of the gusting snow, the smallest flickers of firelight could be seen scattered across the dark horizon. “They dare march out to meet us, warlord?” Phelan shouted furiously, it was difficult to see, but Arbicos knew it must have been an army.
“How many do you think, Arbicos?” Ureles spoke loud and clear, scanning the horizon himself to judge his enemy’s advance.
“I couldn’t say, crouch low, let them come closer.” He yelled. At once a wave of six thousand warriors fell upon one knee, their shields enclosed, their spears prepared.
“They match our numbers certainly, warlord.” Arbicos nodded, he expected there to be many. He had no true idea just how many. In those early hours, in the faded light, the fires of his enemy tricked him into believing they were equal. 


Chapter 23.

The Atlanteans were spread far across the countryside, but their numbers were such that their ranks were deep. Thu’Ra ordered Emak’Rus and his five thousand men to travel east, through the wilderness, in hopes to ambush their enemy. The vision was dim for the snowstorm and the chill was unlike anything the Atlanteans knew; their home was seldom victim to foul weather. Just five thousand carried torches, great burning poles illuminating but a quarter of his men, he did not wish for his unsuspecting quarry to know of his true numbers.
Before the chosen’s army marched that morning he had been informed of the battle upon the northern shores. He was disgusted at his prince’s use of their warship’s siege weaponry, it was cowardly and honourless. He swelled with regret and rage for letting the boy lead part of his fleet, and at these people who murdered him. The boy had no reason to be on these shores, he sighed, marching through the deep freeze, what’s done is done. 
“How much further, chosen?” His fifteen thousand men stumbled behind the lively giant, “I fear the cold will be the death of me if we aren’t warmed by battle soon.” Thu’Ra nodded, his elongated skull felt numb for the icy touch of snow and biting winds.
“It cannot be much further, Iltuk.”
“Chosen!” From amidst the ranks of his men Thu’Ra heard a desperate cry. Turning about he pushed through the lines. In a clearing of bodies an aging Atlantean warrior was slumped upon one knee, two of his peers held him. The giant strode over and knelt with his countryman, upon approach he saw blood smeared across the male’s chin and a hand covered red. The aged warrior breathed with a rough husk then coughed once more, spluttering blood. “The cold is taking him, chosen.”
Thu’Ra breathed deeply, exhaling a mist of condensation from his mouth. “One of you return to camp with him, keep him warm and fed.” He stood up, looking briefly at the relentless fall of snow above, then out across his scarcely distinguishable army. “Double pace!” He roared. At that moment another sound thundered into the air. A chorus of Atlantean war horns bellowed through the silence rushing adrenaline through the chosen’s system. “Prepare arms, warriors of Atl’As!” The men hollered at his words, grasping tightly upon their weaponry. Some of them held their enemy’s swords and shields. The majority carried the animal hides and orichalcum maces their people were accustomed to.
“Hold your nerve! Do not engage, lure them to us! Do not engage!” He knew already of his enemy’s methods on the battlefield, a quarter of his army had seen them engage, he wanted to lure their ranks to his, to scatter them and break their solidity.
With the relentless stream of snow continuing to plaster everything in its path, through the storm, the Atlanteans at last cast gaze upon those who had felled their prince. Thu’Ra returned to the front of his army. He stood a pillar of strength, his mere presence filling his men with courage. He towered over all present. “Poseidon, give us strength!” Fifteen thousand warriors cheered their chosen’s words as a deep tremor shook the earth beneath their feet. Some colossal rupturing sound groaned far below. “He is with us!” His men screamed wildly at sight of their enemy through the blizzard.
He could hear his opposition now, he could feel their confidence, to merely look upon their lines struck awe. An endless wall of bronze stepping forward in unison, slowly, steadily.
“Lock ranks! Do not engage!” Thu’Ra’s words were echoed across the pristine, frozen white field. At sight of the opposing army he began to doubt that he could truly break their structure, though he would soon get to test their discipline. “Horns of war!” On his command hundreds of horns blew, their united bellow so devastating that even Thu’Ra cringed at the intensity.
Enclosing upon their steadfast enemy the giant could see their pale bodies bobbing and weaving behind the endless bronze aegis. Now his evasive plan of action would be put into practice, “do not engage!” He yelled once more, hearing a number of his enemy too, doubtlessly bellowing commands, in a tongue he did not understand. “Let them come forward!”
The giant watched his enemy accelerate towards his men, across those last meters of untouched snow that lay most delicately upon the undisturbed ground. He could hear the ice crunching beneath their feet at an ever growing pace, slowly though, still slowly. He looked down, relaxed, merely listening to the tempo of his enemy’s feet. “Withdraw!” With the fluidity of a wave retreating back into the ocean his front lines fell back into the main bulk of his army. He knew he could not avoid them forever, but the weaker he could make them the quicker he could be gone from this land.
“Together!” The faster they retreated the more their enemy bellowed out yells from amidst their outnumbered formations. The chosen hoped they were becoming confused and overconfident. Already he noticed the ranks of his enemy to his right were advancing at a faster rate than those to his left, even through the distorting hurricane of snowflakes it was obvious there was a weak spot in their command.
From beyond the white sheets the bronze wall pushed forward, Thu’Ra could see them scattering. Their eastern ranks ploughed onwards with a greater eagerness than the west. He knew it was time to separate them and signal Emak’Rus. “West rank, stand! To the east, lure them further! Signal Emak’Rus!” Ten thousand men abruptly stood strong to the chosen’s left, the rest drew their enemy onwards, separating them as they confidently charged into the lingering lines of endless Atlanteans.
Now, from the trees to the east, horns returned chorus and the call of Emak’Rus’ men poured forth from the darkness and wintery gales. He heard the ten thousand warriors stood to his west collide with the ranks of his enemy who had remained together. In the shadowy hours of the morning, as the light snow flakes settled most innocently upon the untouched field, so too did the first drops of blood fall freely to stain nature’s beauty.
He could see the sheer force and brutality of his enemy merely at sight of their impact upon his men. Despite their hundreds deep ranks the opponents small numbers caused his entire army to shift. The Atlanteans were forced back into one another with a relentless aggression.
The freezing air was filled with cries and calls of both friend and foe. For Atl’As! The dulled sound of Emak’Rus signalled his arrival to battle, the eastern ranks of his enemy were surrounded. Amidst the confusion something suddenly caught Thu’Ra’s eye.
Past the waves of ice a young male collided with his troops, he was bare chest, and the only one who donned a belt, he fought with great skill though the chosen did not know fear. The entirety of his army now ploughed forward to join the sway of battle, amidst the collision Thu’Ra made haste, he charged east to confront the young warrior who fought closely to his peers.
Thu’Ra rushed to fight amidst the formation of men who stood against his enemy’s leader. “Let them push! The deeper they push the further they surround themselves!” His men immediately fell back, further scattering the enemy ranks. The belt donning warrior roared out at his men and their formation tightened. They were now being assaulted from behind by the full strength of Emak’Rus’ charge.
Pushed forward into the Atlantean army’s mouth, the stranded enemy warriors glanced about momentarily, still Thu’Ra could see they appeared untroubled. It seemed they were embracing the moment. With one more savage war cry the male who Thu’Ra knew had taken his prince’s life pointed his blade forward and yelled some unknown command. At once the troop accelerated becoming unstuck from their ranks.
The first chosen stepped forward and his men joined, he saw the young warrior lock eyes upon him, he was fast, with shield raised he enclosed upon Thu’Ra who held his colossal hammer loosely in anticipation of assault. The armies fell upon one another and the sounds of swinging weaponry cutting the air followed, the grunts and screams of wounded men joined the battle already raging to the west.
The belt laden male swung his sword fiercely towards Thu’Ra’s face yet the giant was agile and experienced. A second swing ascended towards his abdomen. It too was avoided, upon his third attack the young male lunged towards the chosen’s left leg. With one brutal motion Thu’Ra rotated his weapon arm around and up, raising his leg, the sword glided freely beneath him, yet his hammer rose up with almighty force.
The sound of crushed bone echoed above the disharmony of shattering shields and deflected mallets. His target made no sound at impact. The enormous orichalcum hammer drove up into the young male’s lower jaw. Little blood fell, yet the body of Thu’Ra’s victim did. He crashed with a crunch into the snow beneath his army’s feet.
Without hesitance Thu’Ra cleared his way to the body and hastily ripped the belt away from the young man’s abdomen. Rising up he lifted it into the air and bellowed with glory at his men, holding the heavy belt high to show both enemy and allies that their leader was dead. The moment the belt became visible above the lines of men a staggering shout erupted from the east. Thu’Ra turned about locking gaze upon a male whose height matched his own.
His enemy did not cease their assault, as if this man had meant nothing to them. They simply continued ploughing forward. Thu’Ra watched the large individual who he had shared a brief moment of eye contact with barge his way through his own ranks. He was unrelenting in his pursuit towards the first chosen.
“Let him through!” The giant yelled, angered that his enemy had not acknowledged the death of a leader. The adrenaline and thrill of war that he hated most was cascading through him, if they will not let up their assault, then neither shall we. 


Chapter 24.

Arbicos heard Chroniclus’ bellowing war cry from far across the battlefield, despite his ears still ringing from the chorus of horns that had recently decimated the sound barrier. He knew Phelan had pushed his ranks too far forward though he was unaware of the extent of their troubles. His men held strong, devoted to their warlord’s every word and footstep. They mimicked him, ensuring a disciplined line who entered combat at once, together, as the Athenian armies had practiced for countless generations.
The young warlord feared his kinsman had fallen, he broke from the lead of his ranks and retreated in between his soldiers until he came to the harem of palominos. Annabelle looked about herself wearily. At sight of Arbicos she quickly approached with a lowered neck. The warlord leapt upon her snow laden saddle, he had all but forgotten the biting cold in the heat of battle, yet the mare felt stiff, Arbicos could feel her shivering violently.
He glared desperately through the blustering snow over the colliding armies, the sheer numbers of his enemy was unbelievable. Where did they come from? High above his men, resting upon Annabelle’s back, the warlord had an undisturbed view of the raging battle. Amidst the violence he noticed two towering figures to the north. It was Chroniclus, he approached a male who stood larger than anything Arbicos had ever seen.
The roar of his kinsman reverberated high above the collision of battle, stricken, Arbicos watched the titans enclose upon one another. Moments before they engaged another deep tremor ripped through the earth, this time shaking the land ferociously. Through the screams of the wounded another chorus of fear poured out from the battling troops.
Annabelle reared up and kicked her muscular limbs erratically. Arbicos scarcely noticed, he stared dreamily about the sea of bodies slaughtering each other without hesitance. As the earth groaned he watched Chroniclus engage with the brown skinned giant. They traded a great number of tense blows. The young warlord could see his captain’s opponent was a masterfully skilled warrior.
In a split moment he saw his friend fall victim to a most brutal blow colliding with his skull. Chroniclus raised his shield to deflect the giant’s strike but he was not quick enough. Phelan’s men were becoming overrun, and his own fought against a mass that ranked beyond the dark horizon. In a shroud of confusion he looked around for Arbephest, as though in these darkest moments of his life his mind was blanking out the worst truths. The battlefield felt empty without him.
“Back to the blockades of Rhoma!” With all his might he yelled orders to his men, “retreat to the blockades!” Those caught in the front lines could not simply relinquish arms however, they were locked in a deadly stalemate. He turned Annabelle about and charged towards the lead of his ranks, looking for Phelan’s troop captain.
At the head of his men the bloodthirsty warrior hacked away tirelessly. Through the icy sheets he looked upon the man desperately, they were hopeless. “Ureles! Give them ground! We will bring them into the gates of Rhoma, they are too many!” The huge bearded male turned abruptly about to look at his warlord. His eyes were heavily bloodshot, the dark bags sunk his face into an expression of wild hunger, a hunger for the blood of his enemy.
“I’ll never flee from battle! Take them! Take them! -” As Ureles roared the warlord watched a bronze blade protrude through the front of his stomach, his enemy enclosed upon him striking a mallet most relentlessly to the troop captain’s temple. Those who landed the fatal blows were immediately crushed under the Athenian shield wall though they were too late.
Another tremor ripped through the earth causing Annabelle to stagger, Arbicos held on tight, on his tongue were the commands for his men to retreat yet before he could yell an eruption some fifty meters ahead of him forced the crust of the frozen field to burst open. Lava flared up into the sky and a gargantuan fiery fissure exploded from beneath the feet of both Athenian troops and their enemy’s.
At the sight Annabelle jolted, she reared about nearly tossing the young warlord from her saddle, blinded by fear she ploughed through Athenian soldiers felling and trampling many in her bid to escape. “To the blockades of Rhoma!” Arbicos yelled desperately. Annabelle violently galloped away beneath him. He could feel the searing heat of the burning crevice on his back despite it being so far away.
To Rhoma! At last his words were echoed by those warriors still alive, yet Annabelle was out of control, Arbicos grasped onto her reigns for dear life, she charged without direction through Athenian troops, towards the endless expanse of his enemy waiting to rid his people from existence. 


Chapter 25.

Barely fatigued, Thu’Ra thought irrationally about how he could possibly be away from these lands without being forced to defeat the entirety of his enemy’s army at the cost of thousands of his men. His mind burned with anxiety at sight of the volcanic explosion spewing fire into the sky, falling upon his helpless warriors who screamed horrifically in pain and fear.
The ranks of his men crushed one another fleeing from the searing inferno. “We must leave this place chosen! Their god punishes us for stepping upon his lands!” There was no other explanation, he had not seen that his enemy’s warriors had also suffered the same fate as those Atlanteans immediately killed by the gargantuan pulsating lava spout.
From his peripheral vision the chosen suddenly noticed a galloping steed. He looked north east to see a giant golden horse rushing through both his ranks and those of his enemy without direction. What drew his attention to the sight however was the male mounted upon the animal’s back. The belt, perhaps the first was a decoy. This male must surely have been their leader.
The chosen’s army was stricken in dismay, and though the troops they had segregated were dwindling, they did not stop fighting. Finish this, Thu’Ra, for Atl’As. The giant burst to life, he barged his way through the Atlantean ranks, charging with ferocity to intercept the great beast that galloped his way. He watched the frightened mare turn abruptly into a clearing between the thousands of colliding men and Thu’Ra made a dash to meet her.
Out from the wall of troops he sprang, nearly slipping upon the reddened icy mud and bodies. He swung the mallet of his kings with deadly precision pummelling it against the giant horse’s skull. Her muscular body immediately writhed upon contact, she snorted desperately collapsing upon the snow laden earth. With a ghastly stunted neigh her life force was terminated.
The chosen’s target was hurled helplessly from the mount’s saddle as she crashed lifelessly into the floor. Thu’Ra pounced upon his prey, he reigned his hammer down with a furious roar smashing into the small male’s shield. His blow was deflected and his dark eyed adversary rolled swiftly, bounding up to his feet.
With untested confidence the giant leapt forth with another colossal swing, each collision with his target’s aegis shattering into the sky about them. Another, and another, he would not stop until he had his revenge, until this man had paid for the misdeeds he had committed against Atlantis. With each titanic strike the male was knocked feet back, Thu’Ra grunted to himself, this man was protected by no god. 


Chapter 26.

Under the early morning light, amidst unrelenting snow and screams of the dying, the roars of the quaking earth and freezing dead laying upon it, Arbicos struggled to breathe, scarcely managing to deflect each horrendous blow swung most calmly by his towering enemy. 
His breath was stolen from his system upon landing hard on the icy floor. His instincts alone had dragged him safely to his feet, but now he was fighting for his life. Should he fail to avoid just one strike he knew he would fail his nation, he could not fall before his people were free.
Patiently the warrior waited for an opening. A brief gap. An error. Yet his enemy was flawless in his onslaught, the warlord tracked each of his blows, timing him, measuring him. He feared his shield might fail under the sheer might of his giant opponent. Such strength he did not know men possessed.
With another painstaking collision Arbicos stumbled back across the layering deceased. For some unknown reason his enemy paused. He looked for the first time upon the warlord, causing the young male to freeze in a morbid confusion. The giant’s eyes were exact to his fallen love’s. As his colossal enemy took a sharp breath and cascaded forwards once more the lost male could only stand entranced. Fall your guard, Arbicos, be with her.
In the depths of his dark thoughts his enemy’s hammer fell down upon him, yet his shield arm would not fall, his impeccable instincts simply would not let him die. The dense chime of stricken metal echoed in the air forcing the warlord to stumble back. His enemy made a dash forward again. Upon lunging the earth shook with a tremendous din, the violent shift deep beneath failed to move the steadfast warlord yet his accelerating opponent stumbled at the unexpected tremor.
In the instance the young Athenian’s mind came alive. Arbicos sprang forward, his shield arm first, and low. His enemy exposed, he rose the solid aegis up with all his power until he felt a most devastating collision. A foul sound of metal striking bone thudded into the air. It’s done. The warlord’s shield rose up and through his collision spot returning the vision of his still standing target to him, unbelievably.
Before the Athenian could react the invader regained his footing, despite appearing unconscious. He rotated the enormous hammer and recklessly swung at the warlord, his weapon grasped in each hand. Arbicos could not give ground for he was committed to his attack. He retracted his shield to defend himself and leaned into the blow helplessly, its glancing weight forcing the bronze sheet and shield arm to impact his skull.
Together the men fell. Arbicos was forced upon one knee. His opponent’s hammer and weapon arm fell to the warlord’s side. Without hesitance the Athenian brought his short sword down upon his adversary’s forearm driving it cleanly through bone and muscle. The mallet fell to the snow still gripped by a severed limb. Without the lightest moan the giant retracted as Arbicos swung his blade back fiercely towards his towering enemy’s unguarded neck. The agility of the colossus exceeded Arbicos’ own. The blade travelled freely, inches short of his target. 
He had anticipated contact, the weight of his blade carrying his arm up, exposing his front. His enormous opponent made a wild lunge with his freshly severed arm to grasp Arbicos’ wrist, clearly his mind was yet to adjust to the missing limb. The warlord could only watch his target immediately recognise his error. Arbicos gritted his jaw and scrunched for the gigantic fist of his enemy’s remaining arm tore through the air colliding unhindered into his jaw. Darkness abruptly overtook the young warrior. 


Chapter 27.

Pain splintered through his entire system, it surpassed the adrenaline, leaving his body crippled. How had this happened? Another throb of agony coursed upon him as his eyes opened. He watched an enormous shade looming with haste towards his face and hesitantly dragged his shield to defend, he no longer held his sword.
Arbicos’ senses returned upon feeling the weight of his opponent press hard against the battered bronze aegis. The foot that made effort to finish him collided with the young warrior’s guard causing him to yell out, with both arms he pushed sharply at the shield trying to shift the giant’s weight and fell him. Feeling the foot slip away the Athenian rolled onto his front to avoid another crushing blow yet his opponent no longer focused upon him. The giant scrambled across the snow to pick up his enormous weapon in his one remaining hand.
His adversary rose with that great weapon clasped in a mighty grip, though so too did Arbicos, with the momentum of the roll he lifted himself, loosening the leather straps that kept his shield secure, and with nothing but a gamble swung to release the bronze sheet towards his enemy.
With a low desperate grunt the aegis became air born. His towering enemy stood tall raising his colossal hammer. The circular bronze sheet ripped through the air with an ever quickening velocity before striking true to its aim. With a ghastly crunch its blunt rim smashed into the looming invader’s larynx stunting his rise.
The enormous mallet crashed to the floor and the giant wielding it stumbled forward upon one knee gripping his throat. He choked uncontrollably, trying in vain to soothe the agony with his remaining hand. Arbicos rose quickly, instinctively, he dashed for the wounded warrior grasping at the chain around his neck. Swiftly the warlord manoeuvred behind his target and pulled back upon the feather light material with all his remaining strength.
The hugely muscle bound colossus whom he strangled swung his arms wildly, he gurgled groping helplessly at the warlord’s face and body in any effort to stop his life slipping away, yet Arbicos’ death grip was secure.
“Fight,” the young warrior huffed through heavy breaths. “Fight -” desperation clinched his voice. The male he constricted of life grasped tightly upon a golden sparkling emblem attached to the transparent chain around his neck, his forefinger pressed heavily against its midst. Looking down, Arbicos noticed his adversary’s face already appeared at peace.
His victim struggled no more as the chord took the last of his life. Breathing heavily Arbicos kneeled, his enemy’s now limp body slumped with him, the deceased giant still in his arms. Tears gushed from the young warrior’s eyes.
The chill of the Hellenic countryside immediately re-consumed him. Shivering in the morning light he cringed at the sound of a hundred bellowing horns, though these were different. Their pitch was not serrated, but their sheer numbers were overwhelming.
“Warlord!”
“Arbicos?”
In his dismay the young man paid no heed to the calls of his peers. He laid the enormous male down to rest in the snow, alongside both dead allies and enemies. The golden emblem which his enemy had held so tightly slipped away from his deceased grip. It fell to his side and lay harmlessly upon the ice. Arbicos’ eyes fell into a void, looking upon the insignia, he wondered what the object’s importance might have been to his fallen enemy. With hesitance he picked himself up. A number of Athenians appeared from the blizzard.
“They flee my lord! Should we pursue them?” Arbicos glared dreamily across the battlefield, the snow had covered the blood, frozen the dead, hidden all that had occurred this day. “Warlord?” Without looking upon his peers, he spoke without interest.
“As far as the Pinnacle, do not approach the shore. I’ve seen what these people will do if we follow them to the ocean.” The men turned about, struggling to see their peers through the blustering white flakes.
“To the Northern Pinnacle! Rout the cowards! For the Hellenes!” Though the young warrior did not look upon what remained of his army, and could scarcely see the endless numbers of his enemy fleeing for the poor vision amidst the snow storm, the Athenians stood a glorious sight. Bloodied and battered, yet courageous and fearless. They cheered their kinsmen’s words and the few thousand who were still capable began to enclose their ranks in pursuit of the hastily retreating invaders.
Moments after the colossus died the ocean of opposing troops simply began funnelling away from the battlefield, it seemed their leader alone was all that upheld them. Those who had once been at the front of their ranks found themselves the last, and upon their backs fell the sharpened bronze of the sons of Hephaestus. In the ensuing chaos Arbicos watched his men charge forth to uphold everything Arbephest had so often preached were the virtues of Greece.
The young man stood by himself amidst the still raging storm. Another icy wind flooded over him, his lost eyes, bloody and grizzled from conflict with his enemy began to well with tears for a realisation of absolute loneliness engulfed him. Arbicos froze for but a moment, he wheezed heavily. In his dreary state he could see Haedra’s beautiful face before him, those deep dimples illuminating her as she smiled. In her arms his fallen son and by her side his mother whose face he could scarcely recollect. His nation was safe.
He unbuckled the heavy belt of his makers and let it crash to the ground. Swallowing once, tears began to stream down his youthful face, one that had seldom seen joy in all its time, though at this moment he smiled before his vision. Beneath the silent cycle of snow the unrivalled warrior reached down picking up his sword. He closed his eyes and splayed his neck. Raising his blade he drew it calmly across his oesophagus.
He began to sway as the lifeblood streamed from the gape in his throat. With the lightest crunch he collapsed upon his knees in the deep frost. Such a strange feeling, there was little pain, he felt cold no longer. The sensation of his conscience fleeing with each passing moment was most exhilarating. Arbicos. He flinched. Had it been his imagination? An overwhelming terror engulfed him; his greatest fear, that his father had instilled in him since birth, that he should hear Hades, calling his name, as he walked to be rejoined with his family in the fields of Elysium.


Chapter 28.

Theleos rushed through the undergrowth, he breathed heavily, sweated profusely, and bled from lashes of plant vines and insect bites. The Egyptian jungle was unforgiving to those without experience amidst its fertile trunks. His fear drove him on blindly. He had not ceased running since glancing between the ancient gates of Sais.
In the courtyard an enormous vessel rested, partially sunk into the sandy grounds. The upper half of a body lay before the strange ship, just feet from its head the Egyptian ruler’s crown. It was Apep, crushed under the wake of whatever had come to rest between Sais’ walls.
Theleos had watched from behind the ranks of Egyptian guards, hidden by the crowds. Sprinting through the jungle foliage the image of those moments would not stop recurring in his mind. The vessel appeared to unravel, its outer layer like the bark of a tree falling away from age.
Two figures rose up from amidst the structure, Theleos had stood dumbfounded gazing at the tall entities who stepped out before the entirety of Sais’ population. They surely were the makers themselves, their bodies were tinted like bronze, but as bright as the sun. They appeared without distinguishable faces, but of some giant animals, they were no man nor woman. The nightmare stirred his mind, he tripped and was propelled face first into dry jungle dirt.
Theleos sat up immediately, resting elbows on knees, he breathed heavily. Moaning to himself in frustration he punched the ground, as the crunch dissipated another sound became apparent far in the distance. Though his mind raced, and the plants around him buzzed with an amalgamation of jungle life, he was certain it was the sound of a washing tide.
The captain exhaled wiping an endless waterfall of sweat from his forehead before lunging back up to his feet. He was unsure just how far from the delta river he had strayed, but he was aware of the horrific beasts that lined its waters. He had no intention of strolling along the banks of that death pit, it was suicide.
The young male feared he would not be able to return home and inform Arbephest of the impending danger, nor of the events he had seen at Sais. He hoped desperately that his warlord had learned enough from Tuth, and that his king had granted him use of the Athenian armies to defend Greece.
He charged desperately along any jungle pathway, uncertain as to whether they would lead him to safety or not, he had come too far to stop now. Un-obscured daylight approached with each stride, in his mind he was already away from the binding chords and discomforting humidity beneath the jungle canopy.
With another awkward crash he burst into the light, onto an empty beach, the paranoid captain immediately looked about in the sky, holding his arm up to block the sunlight’s potency. There was nothing, there never was anything. He laughed to himself sitting down once more, facing the jungle.
For much time he let the warm rays caress his back, shutting his eyes he listened to the soft sea waves washing back and forth upon the golden sand. A slight breeze cooled him, flowing over his perspiring skin. What now?
Warlord! The word hummed in his mind and for some moments he was too entranced and weak to notice, he could not take his mind away from the image of those giant bronze beings amidst Sais. Please, warlord! This time he looked up, out towards the ocean.
“Warlord?” The confused captain spoke aloud to himself. The coastline bent sharply away from him to his left blocking view of the beach. With a struggle he lifted himself once more and stumbled along the hot sand until he could look along the coast.
Beyond the jungle trees that prevented his sight, far along the shoreline, Theleos watched in disbelief the sight of Crastan dragging an unknown warrior from the ocean, his aging body striated with weakening muscles. The blade attached to him had come off somewhere between his collision with the invader’s vessel and his return to shore. The young captain sprinted forward, overwhelmed with joy to see some of his kinsmen alive.
Masses of trireme woodwork lined the beach, along with six males laying down who were either deceased or heavily injured, two others stood while Crastan dragged a ninth from the endless sea.
“Crastan!” Theleos called out to the male with enthusiasm. After a brief glance the lion of Panthea continued about his business without acknowledging Arbephest’s captain. Immediately recognising the man’s frustration, Theleos slowed down and walked respectfully towards his peers. “Are there many more in the water?”
“All my men are in the water.” Theleos still breathed awkwardly for his flight from Sais.
“Alive, I mean.” The lion shook his head looking out at the wreckage, some of the trireme were still floating. The majority had vanished beneath the calm ocean waves.
“The bastards took them all.” Crastan spat on the sand and smeared a hand over his mouth.
“Perhaps we can salvage one, warlord.” A soldier from Panthea murmured. His leader grunted at the idea, though it was not dismissive.
“Perhaps, but I doubt we could move the damn thing with just ten of us.”
“We must try, Crastan, the warlords of Greece must be warned.” Theleos pleaded with the male who turned to look upon him for the first time.
“Why haven’t the Egyptian armies chased these bastards after they repelled them, captain? We could have lead a thousand ship fleet back to Greece, why are you here alone?” The aging Athenian’s stern gaze confused Theleos.
“My lord, the Egyptians did not repel the invaders, something else. Something that made the sky dark. It looked like a ship, but it was in the middle of Sais, from nowhere.” The lion’s eyebrows sunk as a look of disgust flooded upon him.
“Someone hand me a sword to slit this traitors throat.” The young captain stepped back in shock.
“The Egyptian army was at Sais, Crastan, and the invaders arrived, but I swear to you, the sky went dark and their vessels burst to flame as though the sun had come alive.”
“He lies, my lord.”
“No! From the vessel stepped the makers themselves, I’m sure! Every guard behind Sais’ walls, every labourer, even Apep’s family knelt down before the makers. Whatever it was crushed Apep, and his own family knelt before them... The Egyptians must have known they would come!”
“Then where are they now?” Crastan stepped forward, still looking at Theleos with outrage. The captain simply fell to his knees. He sweated profusely.
“I don’t know, my lord. Please, If we can’t return to Greece, then let’s return to Sais, see for yourselves, the makers have come.”
“My men can barely move, we can’t march through the jungle, you go and return with a boat.” Theleos swallowed down the dreaded thought of returning to Sais alone, quickly thinking of a solution he shook his head.
“Every ship in the port was burnt to ashes, a former warlord of Greece could demand a party return to the delta mouth and help your men.”
“Go, warlord -”
“Shut up, Antos.” Crastan snapped at the bleeding sea veteran, he stood for a moment in deep thought though Theleos’ concentration was quickly lost on the lion. A great suction sound roared across the sea. Each man stood turned about abruptly to watch the water begin stirring violently.
With an almighty gust that forced Theleos onto his hands the entirety of the ocean shoreline retreated off the beach. The men stared in amazement as the tide swept hundreds of feet out in a split moment, erupting the sound of rolling thunder into the air. The sea floor was covered in sunken trireme and an endless array of ocean life. Amongst them the bodies of deceased Athenians. No man could speak for it looked like the entire sea was being drained all at once.
“What have the makers done?” Theleos mumbled to himself, Crastan quickly turned to look.
“Hephaestus punishes the invaders,” he and a number of his men began laughing. “These worthless bastards! The makers live!” Theleos stood, continuing to glare out at the sea bed.
“We should return to Sais, my lord, if it is the makers, then I have seen them in skin. They may still be there!” Crastan began nodding.
“How many of you can walk?” The lion asked and a number of men raised their hand. “Theleos, Antos, Pelis, help carry the weak, lead us the way you came, captain.” He pointed his stub back along the beach and Theleos nodded rushing to help support his injured kinsmen. Together they hobbled slowly across the pristine sand, back towards the jungle entry from which Theleos had recently stumbled.
With the parting in sight another thunderous sound bellowed out across the empty ocean bed, far in the distance an enormous wave was returning. “Quick! Into the clearing!” With trouble they dragged the wounded amidst the dense foliage and helplessly made effort to push their way through the endless array of flora.
Just meters in, the trees behind crashed with a terrifying explosion of water, a sea wave twenty meters tall cascaded into the jungle swallowing everything in its path. Theleos dropped the male he carried and leapt desperately in efforts to take refuge behind a great trunk. He grasped at the jagged wood and scrambled up its bark. “Into the trees! -” The wave lashed into him hindering his speech, his efforts to warn his peers were futile. The unstoppable ocean current sucked them, and all that it touched, deep below the surface.
Barely able to keep a grip upon the unstable tree, Theleos pulled himself tight against it, he began to shiver and weep in confusion. The water continued to flow heavily through the jungle though it was not rising, with a meagre effort he pulled himself clear of the waterline’s chill and took refuge in the tree’s enormous palms. He knew he must return to Sais, to learn what the makers had done to his home, but he was stranded, and his kinsmen likely dead. 


Chapter 29.

Far out upon the Mediterranean Sea a minute dot stirred helplessly upon an unpredictable fluctuation of gargantuan waves. A violent storm swept across the ocean surface propelling an endless barrage of heavy rain into the few figures caught up in nature’s fury.
From upon a wooden transport vessel masses of erratic screams called across deck. The crew shifted water desperately from the boat’s gangways, amongst them, the first lady of Rhoma. The freezing gales and beating rains were relentless. “Try to steady her up!” Dorus, the vessel captain, yelled out to his crew. Few could hear him for the volatile waves and boat’s groaning woodwork. The man was indebted to Arbephest, he could not refuse the first lady’s request. Get me to Egypt, Dorus.
Anna shuddered, lunging with jagged movements in a struggle to help Dorus’ crew. She was drenched to the bone, the piercing winds numbed her body. She feared they would freeze her to death. With determination she tried not to look past the vessel’s bowels though as a flash of light in the dark sky lit up her surroundings she moaned in terror and huddled herself into a ball. The waves were mountainous. All about the transport ship the ocean surface rippled and stirred for the sheer beating of weather from above.
Anna flinched, feeling a heavy arm rest against her back. “My lady,” she looked up at Dorus, “come, take cover in the well!” The first lady rose a hand to grasp his but before they touched the vessel jutted deep in the water. The captain collapsed to his knees. The entirety of his crew were fell to the woodwork, sliding helplessly across the small boat’s deck. With a cry of dread the entire crew crashed into the starboard woodwork crushing one another. 
For a desolate moment Anna gave up. Upon closing her eyes the ship became stable on its own accord. The Athenians scrambled to their feet, pushing through the whipping waters back to their posts. One of them called out. “Captain! Is that the Northern Pinnacle?”
“Don’t be stupid, Pelis, -.” Dorus’ retort fell silent upon glancing towards land.
“Look at all those vessels, captain!” Dragging Anna to her feet, Dorus lunged across the gangway to look out at the shoreline.
“They are the invaders!” Anna yelled above the thunderous storm. Scarcely visible through the torrential downpour, hundreds of firelights clambered into reed woven crafts lining the shallows.
“Arbicos must have overcome them! But how? Their numbers are so great.” The vessel’s woodwork cringed once more causing all who stood to lose footing and plummet back to the deck. Without warning the minute boat rose up. None knew the wave beneath them had reached its pinnacle. Another crackle of lightning and boom of thunder sundered the sky directly above.
“By the makers.” Dorus muttered to himself. The first lady of Rhoma clutched onto him tightly. The crew had a momentary view from high above for miles around, the ocean surface rest hundreds of meters beneath the wave which they soared upon. It hurtled towards Greece at unfathomable speeds, stretching further than the eye could see to the east and west. In silence the wave’s pinnacle cascaded away beneath the ship, and before they knew it the boat was falling the immense distance back down to the ocean. The unstoppable barrage of water gushed far beyond them destroying all that rest before it.
The boat travelled freely through the whipping rains and horrendous wind blowing it violently on a whim. The entire crew cried out, tumbling down to the darkness. Anna flailed wildly trying to grasp hold of Dorus, yet he had slid from her reach before the ship became air born. With a bleak wince she covered her face, crashing hard into the ocean.
Deep beneath, the sea’s icy chill pumped her vital organs into action, she could not refrain from inhaling the salt water into her lungs. She gazed helplessly up at the surface from far below. It was so calm. As darkness overtook she felt a painful collision to her ribs and something constrict her abdomen. Before she could make sense of the situation her conscience faded.


Chapter 30.

Silence still engrossed the ancient city’s courtyard, its population stricken by the enormous vessel resting amidst its walls. The Equi’Dae’s orichalcum encrusted reed work lay unbound, unveiling from within Tetu’Ra and Ma’At. The priest king stared across the crowd, it is as Atl’As said, we are gods to these people.
He was shocked to see a crowned male parading in the courtyard of his destination, though he had planned to feign a crash to fool his brother’s chosen, he could never have predicted such luck would fall into his grasp. The male he crushed was doubtlessly these people’s leader, for they flocked to him now. Tetu’Ra stepped forward from the unravelled Equi’Dae and reached down, picking up the heavy crown. It was rustic and fragile, designed to fit upon the small skulls of these primitives from within the Parting Sea.
He knew the brief time spent with these people’s prisoner would not be enough to communicate fluently, but looking at Ma’At, he knew it would not be necessary. The priest king rose up his hands before the thousands who knelt. “From the stars I come, to breathe life into your people, and save you. I am herald of the sun,” he pointed up into the sky, towards the burning sphere amidst the cloudless blue, then held a hand to his chest. “Tetu’Ra.”
“Ra.” The single word echoed amidst Sais’ walls.
Ra, he nodded at the phrase, to his people it stood to acknowledge the elder in a family. If he was to sow his knowledge into the beliefs of this nation, perhaps now it should be recognised as the elder of all things. “Ra,” he repeated, continuing to nod.
It seemed he had inherited an entire army at sight of the armed men and women surrounding him, had his entrance not mesmerised them, he and his life partner would have doubtlessly been overcome and butchered. Atl’As’ seemingly impeccable plan had played perfectly into his hands. 
The rulers of the third district had been scheming since Atl’As rose the subject to the lawgivers. Tetu’Ra knew his brother was expelling him from Atlantis for putting forth his theories on the sun and all living things reliance upon it. He despised them for their mockery, but despised his brother more for being loyal to his beloved city above his blood.
If the first chosen did return with the petulant prince of Atlantis, in secret, then so too would they disappear, in secret. He hoped in his deception his whispers to the young boy had already taken care of that. The northern shores are said to be abundant in orichalcum, Imr’As. The people of these lands are primitive and weak, prove yourself to your father. It had not taken much to swell his flourishing arrogance and simple imagination. If the boy had landed upon those shores then Tetu’Ra’s plans were a step closer to completion.
He had not regrets for his actions, his desire for revenge far exceeded his  empathy. The people of Atlantis were blind, they had become self indulgent, to mock him as they did for attempting to put forward new hypotheses on their existence was unforgivable. Now he had control of a nation himself, he could far exceed the constraints of being second to Atl’As and his narrow minded citizens.
He commanded a people of his own now, and at his will they would far exceed the constricted minds of those upon the oceans to the west, and effortlessly subdue the primitive nations surrounding the Parting Sea. From this day forward he would stand a god king, my nation will be grander than anything the world has seen, a vision of magnificence that will stand to the end of time.
