



Emerald Fire

By Caris McRae




Copyright © 2014 Caris McRae
All Rights Are Reserved




Smashwords Edition, License Note

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. The eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




To crpgnut. Thanks for your amazing, invaluable assistance!



Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Epilogue
Glossary
Other Works by Caris McRae
Excerpt Soul of Fire
Author’s Note





Chapter 1


Nia Dei-Trea was desperate. Where could she hide? There wasn’t a place for her to run to. Her home, the Hareem, was two miles away and being who she was she wouldn’t be welcomed anywhere else. She should have listened to Serabi and not taken the shortcut through the market after sunset. A Hareema certainly wasn’t afraid of sexual contact, which was why she had thought she was safe. That someone would try to mug her and then dispose of her dead body hadn’t crossed her mind. Bad mistake.
She heard the cruel voice of her attacker behind her and ran faster. Only to realize that she had arrived at a dead end. Shit.
“Did no one ever tell you that running from a predator only makes him give chase, little whore?”
Nia just stood there, inching back at the wall behind her. She looked at the man and defiantly refused to answer. It was meant to be rhetoric anyway. 
“Cat got your tongue?” he drawled in that nasty, excited voice of his. “Too bad. I think I can make you scream though,” he said, his excitement over the upcoming torture apparent in his face. “They all do when my blade is slicing their throats open.” He slowly licked over his dagger’s serrated blade, never lifting his gaze from her. 
He stepped closer. And closer. And closer until he was but an inch away. He drew up his weapon that glinted in the faint moon light.
Nia’s heart raced. She had nowhere to go and she wasn’t strong enough to hit him hard enough to somehow get by him, much less overpower him. The futility of the situation killed the last remnants of her hope and she felt her shoulders sag. That was not how she had imagined she died. And certainly not now that her life was finally going to change, not now that she was going to be elected Chief Mistress of the Hareem after decades of misery in two weeks’ time. No more letting random men touch her without any kind of affection; no more being at the mercy of the mostly brittle control the unmated Warriors showed after a fight; no more being at the mercy of a Chief Mistress who hated her guts and tormented her at every turn. She didn’t mind her place in the world, she liked giving pleasure in every possible way – she was a born Hareema after all – but still, she had wanted to experience a meaningful relationship of sorts or at least mutual affection and caring, only once in her life. 
But no. Idiot that she was, she had to take a shortcut and die in a dark back alley at the hands of a cruel outcast. 
However, she wouldn’t go down like a coward. If she had to die, then she would do it with her pride intact. So she steeled her spine, straightened to her full height, and looked the lowlife straight in his eyes.
“Then do it, coward!”
“Coward? You call me a coward, you filthy bitch?” the man hissed, enraged. “I show you coward!” he raged and lifted his hand to end her life. 
Slash.
Nia blinked, confused. One moment she thought she would die and the next the monster’s head fell of his body. Without a sound. 
Stunned, she watched speechlessly as the headless body sagged and fell to the ground. 
“You might want to avoid shady corners after sunset in the future, lady,” a dark, cool voice said from the shadows. 
Nia shivered. Oh Sol. She really hoped that this one didn’t want to continue where the last one had left off? She felt herself getting desperate. She broke into a cold sweat.
“Thank you,” she whispered. Manners never hurt, did they?
She heard a bitter laugh. She felt another tremor through her body. Who was that? She couldn’t see the new threat in the shadows and she was felt on the verge of throwing up she was so scared. “What do you want from me?” she said with her last bit of courage. 
“Nothing,” he replied icily. “You are beautiful, sure, but not worth a man’s life. I’m not going to maul you, so relax!” she heard the voice again, this time scoffing. She had a feeling that he might even have rolled his eyes, too. 
“Then I’m free to go?” Nia’s mind was blank. She couldn’t wrap her head around what was happening here. What kind of weird game did the shadow man play?
“That’s what I just said, isn’t it?” 
Uh, no; he didn’t say that, Nia thought. But it was nice of him to tell her. Cautiously she took a step forward. Then another one. When she had reached the alley exit, she took a relieved breath. He really let her go. Meaning he had saved her life a few minutes ago. She needed to thank him for that. At least propriety demanded she did.
“Wait, who are you? Please, step into the light!”
“Whatever for?”
“How can I thank you properly for saving me if I don’t know who you are?”
“I’m no one’s savior and I don’t need your thanks. Besides, you already did that.” Gruffly he added, “One would think, you’d be happy to leave this place. So go already, will you?”
“Please tell me your name, then. I need to know who I owe my life to!”
“You don’t owe me anything, lady. The lowlife had already reached the end of his life. Keeping him from killing you was just a nice side-effect of his demise.”
“Please,” she said and unconsciously put on her puppy dog face – the one that had been working on every male so far in her life. “You need to give me something; the Gods need to know who to bless when I thank them for sending you my way.”
“I’m not susceptible to flattery, so that look won’t get you nothing. By Nyx, are the men in your life really that gullible?” he answered sourly.
At his derisive tone, Nia got angry. There she wanted to thank him and he accused her of manipulating him. Asshole. Never mind that he was spot on in his assessment; this was about the principle of the matter. Deep down she wondered what the hell she was doing. Her mind screamed at her to run. But she refused to listen. 
“Oh, you highhanded jerk! See, if I pray for you now!” She went on calling him every name she had ever heard, until she heard a soft laugh. 
Then he said dangerously quiet, “Now that is what I call flattery. Aren’t you afraid that I’ll retaliate for some of your more creative name-calling?”
Nia stopped dead in her tirade and thought it over. “Nah. If you wanted to hurt me, you would have already done so. Are giving me your name now or not? Because I have to go!” She didn’t know where that knowledge came from, but she was sure that it was true. He had no interest in ending her life. Or any other interest in her. Which she knew she should be grateful for, but in a teeny-tiny corner of her heart, it stung. 
“You have some spunk, I’ll give you that. Next time though, stay at home after dark, lady, wherever your home is. I might not be there to save you again. Good night!” With that he was gone. 
“Arrogant, infuriating male! You know what, instead for thanking the Gods for your help, I’m gonna ask them to teach you some manners, you twit!” she muttered, put out. 
Then Nia remembered where she was. She quickly left the alley and ran in the direction of her home. Secretly though, she was a bit sorry that her savior had refused to give her his name. Without him she would have died in a decidedly unpleasant and most likely painful way; she was more than relieved that he had spared her that. Well, she would still thank the Gods for sending him her way. She figured they would know who he was anyway – they were said to be omniscient, after all. 
Shortly before the side gate of the Hareem, she suddenly felt a breeze of warm air and a dark presence next to her. She stiffened, tense. 
“My name is Onyx. May the Goddess keep your spirit willful, little filly!”
And he was gone again. 
Nia blinked confused. Filly? That, that… 
However, she entered her home with a pleased little smile on her face.





Chapter 2


Two months later

“Congratulations, Nia! I knew you would make it,” Serabi, the Hareem’s Healer, said and applauded her. 
“Yeah, but it was close. Why weren’t you at the ceremony, by the way?” Nia asked. She had missed her friend of many years. 
“Well, I was delayed in Iquis. Carbin, the old grump, made me do some extra work for what I needed and then an emergency occurred, so I couldn’t get away in time.” The older woman sighed, then muttered, “Stupid Hashisins. Always getting hurt on the job. You’d think they teach them how to stay unharmed!”
“Well, I think they are more focusing on how to survive while getting the job done than staying uninjured.”
“So? Why does that mean I have to stitch them up?” Serabi went on, exasperated. 
“Oh, stop it, woman. I know you would never refuse your help if someone really needed it; and I’m pretty sure that you told whoever it was who needed mending what you think of his, hm, ‘clumsiness.’ In detail.”
Serabi smirked. “You’d be right about that.” The Healer sat down in a chair in Nia’s spacious chamber and said, “So, what have you been up to?”
“I moved in here” Nia said and waved at the room, “and then I improved security, implemented some new rules, you know, like no roughing up the girls without consequences, and then I contracted a builder to for a new infirmary – for which I still need a resident Healer.” She looked expectantly at Serabi.
“You want a resident Healer? Good to know that at least one of you lot has enough brains to see the merit in that. Whom did you have in mind?”
Nia just shot her a pointed look. 
“I see. But I would need separate chambers, a generous budget for ingredients, and a monthly allowance. As well as an assistant. Hate to break it to you, sweetheart, but you can’t afford my services; at least that’s what your wonderful predecessor told me. More than once.” Serabi almost choked on her rage at the thought of the former Chief Mistress. 
“Well,” Nia replied slowly, “it turned out that we have plenty of money left for your services – you see, Troia demanded a hefty price for our services and put the bulk of it aside for ‘bad times.’”
“I’m sure she did. And how exactly did you find that out?” Serabi drawled. She was pretty sure that there was an entertaining story behind that – Troia had not been known for her generosity and giving spirit. 
“Oh, she told me that the day she was leaving,” Nia said calmly.
“Did she, now,” Serabi said, amused. “So what? She tried to take a chest of gold coins with her and your sentry alleviated her of it?”
Nia grinned. “Something like that. Anyway, there is plenty of money and we decided unanimously that we want to use that money for a Healer. We have taken great pains to fulfill your demands, my friend. The only things missing now are the herbs, since we figured our future Healer would know best what she needed, and well…you.”
“What about the assistant?”
“You can choose whomever you want. Our only condition is that he or she is respectful towards our profession.”
“Of course; that goes without saying. So show me the infirmary; let’s see if it’s good enough to make we want to stay.”
Nia smiled happily. They had gone all out in their efforts to get Serabi to agree to a permanent position as the Hareem’s Chief of Healers. She was aware that no Healer would ever take on such a commitment lightly and so they had tried their best based to make it worthwhile for her, based on Serabi’s numerous complaints over the years. 
The two women walked in the newly built west wing where they had set up the infirmary and some additional private quarters for the Hareemas. 
After Nia had shown the Healer around, she said, “So? What do you think?”
Serabi didn’t answer for a few minutes, then the Healer said, “By Sol, girl, you did an amazing job – this is what I call an infirmary! Every Healer would be proud to work in here.”
“Will you be proud to work in here?”
“Well, dearest Mistress of the House, I certainly will. With you in charge, my friend, I’ll be happy to be of service. When can I move in?”
Nia’s eyes sparkled at her victory. The others would sure be as happy as she was their hard work had paid off.
“Um, I already took the liberty to let your things be brought in. So, how does now sound?”
Serabi grinned. “You’ve been so sure of your success?”
“I figured that with a working place according to your wishes, you would have enough incentive to stay. I know you like it here. So…”
“Oh Nia, it wasn’t the shitty infirmary that has held me back. I can work everywhere. The greatest deterrent had been the previous leadership. And now that the Queen of Greed and Furtiveness is gone and left you in charge, I am most pleased to take care of you lot.”
Nia cleared her throat at that – she couldn’t very well openly agree with the Healer because bad-mouthing your predecessor was considered bad style– and then gave in to her joy and drew the older woman in a mighty bear hug. 





Chapter 3


Time went by fast as Serabi settled in and got the infirmary stocked and running. After a month, the only thing missing now was an assistant now, but that turned out harder than she had anticipated. It seemed not too many Healers wanted to work in a Hareem. Yes, the Hareemas had a certain reputation, but come on, their services were as necessary as were air and water. She had been quite appalled by the derisive attitude most Healer apprentices had towards the women here. For some, being Esendri held more merit than choosing the life of a Hareema. Serabi didn’t get it. 
Most women here were born Hareemas, which was a special kind of Muse. However, there were those who didn’t have enough power to survive out there but too much for being Esendri. And since most of them weren’t averse to pleasure of any kind, they had chosen the life of a Hareema. And they did well. It wasn’t all about sex here, but pleasure in every form and shape. Some men just wanted to spend a good time with an attentive companion, some wanted massages of all kinds, and yes, some desired sexual relief. But those had to follow a very strict set of rules that ensured the safety of the women. 
Thank Sol Nia was now Chief Mistress. She had improved the situation a lot for her girls. Troia had run a system that allowed for anything for the right price and as a result had to deal with broken and battered girls left and right. Which hadn’t bothered the cold bitch one bit. And to top it off, she had thrown out the damaged girl when they didn’t recover in time. That was not how you treated others; especially not when you had taken a vow to protect them.
With Nia in charge now, the girls were much happier and due to the new rules and sentry, Serabi didn’t have a lot to do. That left her enough time for experimenting with new potions and improving those she already had, something she didn’t have enough time for before. So the non-existence of an assistant didn’t pose that much of a problem, at the moment. Anyway, she firmly believed that she would find the right one somewhere somewhen. 
Serabi walked into her laboratory and at the sight of all the potions, lotions, and herbs, she smiled, utterly content. She took her recipe book and started on a new mixture. Life was good.


Nia was sitting in her little office over her books, almost asleep since it was late at night, when she heard some commotion at the side gate which was near her room.
She went to the guards in the hall and asked for a report.
“Chief Mistress,” the bulky man said, “there is lowlife out there who wants to speak to the Healer. But since he refuses to give us a name and is wearing weapons he doesn’t want to part with, we refused entry. Which made him angry. A lot.”
By Sol, Nia thought, they were a Hareem not a charity. “I’ll take care of that, so stand back.”
“Mistress, I don’t recommend going out there alone. He doesn’t seem safe.”
“I’m not a wilting flower and I have you, don’t I? You will take care of physical side of things for me, won’t you?” she asked him, all the while batting her lashes. Which had the intended effect.
The guard stood taller and replied proudly, “Of course, Mistress. You can count on me to keep you safe!” 
When Nia patted his chest, he turned red. Men.
She opened the door, the guard on her heels, and steeled her spine. Whoever was making trouble out there, she was sure that they could find a solution. Maybe he would be more comfortable dealing with her. In her experience most men found it easier to talk to a ‘harmless’ woman than to a soldier with a sword at the ready. 

“May I help you?” she asked the second she appeared on the doorstep, not wanting to give the man a chance to rant at her some more. From what she had heard through the door so far, he seemed to be very creative in his choice of words. 
“What the…?” the man cursed but stopped when he saw her. He took a breath and said a bit more civilized, which wasn’t civilized at all, “Yeah, you can help me. Get Serabi down here and tell your guards to leave us be!”
“Why do you need her? What do you think the Healer of a Hareem can do for you?”
He sighed, exasperated, and balled his hands. 
Upset much?
“She wasn’t always your Healer. And she can do plenty.” He took a step back and roared, “Serabi! Move your butt down here! Or…!”
“Or what?” the Healer suddenly shouted from her window at the first floor. “For Sol’s sake, stop with the noise! People want to sleep here! And if you can’t behave like a sane person, I let you rot out there – Healer’s oath or not!”
Immediately the man quieted down. Pissing off a Healer was never a good idea. “Yeah, yeah. I’ll behave,” he muttered. “So come down now, would you? I don’t have all day, old hag!”
Nia just stood there rooted to the spot, the same as her guard. She wouldn’t have thought that her friend consorted with outlaws; and rude ones at that. Plus, where was Serabi’s acid retort to his insult? The Healer wasn’t usually one to letting such a thing slide. Nia had to talk to her about that. 
Then she gathered her wits and addressed the dark male figure in front of her. “You better mind your manners, outlaw! You only so much as raise your voice in my Healer’s presence and I order your death! My guards are deadly and Serabi is way more valuable to us than a lowlife like you could ever be!”
However, instead of getting the man to rethink his attitude, her threat seemed to amuse him judging by the small smile and his suddenly relaxed stance. 
“Oh, please, let them try,” he drawled and looked straight into the eyes of the guard behind her. Who in turn raised his sword and tried to shove Nia behind his massive body. 
The man’s smile grew wider. 
“Get in, Mistress. We’ll deal with him,” the guard told her anxiously. 


Suddenly Serabi appeared and shoved the guard aside. 
“You!” she yelled as she pointed her finger at the outlaw. “Stop threatening him! That doesn’t befit you!”
“I didn’t do anything; I just looked at him. It’s not my fault that he is afraid of his own shadow,” he said and bared his teeth.
Serabi rolled her eyes at him and asked, sighing, “Let’s cut the crap. What’s so important that you felt the need to disturb my well-earned rest?”
He raised an eyebrow. “I didn’t think experimenting was hard work, but what do I know?” He shrugged and raised his hand to stop her as she opened her mouth to tell him where he could stick his attitude. “I didn’t come here to bicker with you – as nice as that is.” He shuddered. “I’ve got a message for you.”
“And that couldn’t wait until tomorrow morning?” Serabi asked. 
“No. So?”
That elicited another eye roll from Serabi. She knew from experience the man wouldn’t say anything else until they were alone. Stupid Hashisin. 
“What are you waiting for, then? Come on in,” she ordered, disgruntled. And here she had thought living in a female-only environment would keep her safe from the demands of testosterone-driven males of the martial persuasion. 
“I’d like to, but…” he said and waved his hand at Nia and the guards who blocked the door. 
“I don’t think it’s wise to let an unknown male into the Hareem at night. Especially not a lowlife of uncertain origin. You wouldn’t stand a chance if he decided to attack you, Healer,” the guard piped up then. Even Nia nodded her agreement with his opinion, although her eyes betrayed a certain curiosity. 
“Now I’m hurt. Why would I want to attack her? She’s a Healer, for Nyx’s sake!” the man said, outraged at the mere thought of hurting a female, and a Healer no less. 
“Calm down, he’s just doing his job,” Serabi told her nightly visitor. Turning to the guard, she informed him, “And he is neither a lowlife nor of uncertain origin. And like he said, he would never attack me; not to mention I would ban him over something like that, which would be his death. He might be bad-tempered but he is certainly not stupid or suicidal. So clear the way, soldier. He is no match for you, anyway.” 
“Serabi,” Nia spoke up then, “no. He is not to set a foot in here. There are too many vulnerables under this roof to let an unknown armed man in, regardless what you say. I can’t and won’t allow it.”
“You won’t allow it?” Serabi replied with acid dripping from her voice. “As you wish, Mistress!” She turned to her visitor and said, “Give me five minutes to dress and wait for me outside the gates. We’ll talk there!” The Healer turned on her heel and stomped back in the direction of her quarters. “‘I won’t allow it,’ my ass. Who does she think she is? The Queen of Ter, or what?” she muttered as she walked away. 
One second passed. Two. Three.
“Oh for Sol’s sake!” Nia exclaimed, throwing her hands up in the air. “Wait you stubborn witch! I’ll let him in if you take another person with you!”
Serabi stopped and suppressed a smile. That had been way too easy. She regarded Nia pensively and appeared to contemplate the offer. At last she said, “It’s certainly warmer up there. I agree to your terms.” She turned again and went up the stairs. 
“Guard, accompany the Healer,” Nia ordered. To the rude man, whose face she had yet to see, the Hareema said, “Mind you, you only so much as raise your voice and my soldier is going to kill you. Got that?”
“Like I said, Mistress, he’s welcome to try!” The man entered the house and followed Serabi, but somehow managed to keep his face hidden from her although the hall was well lit. Strange. At least he seemed clean and didn’t smell foul Small mercies. Nia trusted Serabi and since the woman seemed to know the man quite well she was willing to take a chance on him. The Healer would never bring danger to them; that much she was sure of. 
When the guard tried to follow, Serabi said from the stairs, “Get a move on girl, would you? I don’t have all night!”
“Sorry?”
“You said one additional person. And since I don’t know the guard well enough yet to know whether he can keep sensitive information to himself, you are the lucky one to accompany me. So move!”
“But, but…” Nia sputtered. Since when was the Healer one to exploit loopholes? “Don’t think I’ll forget that stunt, Healer,” she muttered as she made her way up the stairs, after she ordered the guard back to his post. So much for being the one in charge here. 
“I would expect no less. But that’s what you get for forcing your will on me, Mistress. Let that be a lesson to you!”
The stranger snickered at the exchange, which got him a murderous glare and a slap upside his head from Serabi. Nia grinned in satisfaction.
“Yeah, I love you too, old hag,” was the man’s only, surprisingly good-natured reply. 
At the door to her quarters, Serabi said, “Here we are. This better be worth it, my friend. Or else.”
“Given the sender, it most certainly is,” came his solemn answer.





Chapter 4


“So? What is it?” Serabi asked the man impatiently.
Onyx aka Rayza An-Pyr, the late Fire King’s youngest brother and the best spy in the Hashisins’ Guild, regarded her thoughtfully and then eyed the Mistress of the House. She was gorgeous, but that he had already seen when he had saved her life a few months back. He was slightly amused that she had no idea whom she had let in her house. And if it weren’t so important to talk to Serabi, he would have stayed far away from the beautiful Hareema. 
Ever since his brother’s death six months ago, he had been in a deep, dark place and nothing and no one had managed to get him out of there. No one but her. The lowlife who had threatened her had been his target, yes, but the moment he had seen the red-blond beauty with the stunning green eyes, something in him had stirred – interest as he had realized later. It had reminded him that there were other things in this world than blood and death.
Thanks to her, he had slowly found his way back into the world again. He had finally been able to overcome his grief and had put all his efforts into finding the bastard who had murdered his beloved big brother. Oh, and his not-so-much-loved sister-in-law. If she weren’t already dead, he would have found a way to throw her out of the fortress that had been his home. A bloodied and sullied home now. Onyx was sure that Diarsa had been one of the reasons Benali had gone after Maris. By Nyx, he hated that woman. The only downside of her demise was that the children were motherless now.
Anyway, he drew his attention back to the beauty standing to the side, watching the scene before her with a mixture of curiosity and puzzlement. Nia, Sunbeam, Serabi had called her. The name fit her, he thought. Gentle, yet powerful. Still, he was wary of the sway she seemed to hold over him. 
“Is she trustworthy?” he asked the Healer in her very own, very rare dialect only a few people of a certain region at Ter’s border to Tortaris spoke nowadays. 
“Duh, of course she is. But it’s nice to hear my grandmother’s tongue – even if it’s meant as a security measure. Whom did you sweet-talk to teach you? Or rather, who was stupid enough to fall for that act?” 
“Trade secret,” he smirked. “Suffice it to say that your cousin sends her best.” 
She regarded him, disbelieving, and blinked. “My cousin? How did you?…No, don’t answer; I don’t want to know. Anyway, you said you had a message for me?”
“Here, read that,” he said after producing a sealed letter out from under his robe. Playing messenger wasn’t his usual type of work – what with his being the master spy of Quiliaris’ elite Warrior Guild, but in this case he had made an exception; partly because one of his best friends had asked him to and partly because the careful and ever suspicious Healer was one of his favorite people outside the Guild. And the content of said letter was too important to let a less trained and experienced member of the Hashisins’ Guild carry it. 
Serabi broke the seal and read the letter. When she reached the end, she blinked and read it again. And again. 
“Do you know what it says?” she asked the Hashisin.
“No, not exactly. Why?”
“You better read this then. This is as much for you as it is for me. Here.”
He did as he was ordered. 
“Shit!”
He closed his eyes and a muscle in his cheek started to tick. 
After a few moments of silence, he asked, “Are you done with it?”
Serabi just stared at him.
“Very well.”
He took a deep breath, reached deep within his soul where his elemental Fire power dwelled and focused his thoughts on the letter in his hand. He gave the command to burn and a second later the paper went up in flames. His Fire didn’t even leave ashes behind, so furious was the man behind the power. 
He turned away from the two women and tried to get himself under control. No wonder his friend had kept that information a secret. He balled his hands hard. Although it hurt, it had been a wise decision to keep him in the dark; he wasn’t sure what he would have done otherwise. He had picked up the letter at the Temple of Balance in the east of Ter where his friend and Captain of the Hashisin Guard, Lightning, had met with the High Priestess of Wisdom to discuss the uproars in Imbra; it would have been a disaster of epic proportions to go off the deep end in her presence and maybe destroy some of the Gods’ property on his way out. He shuddered at the mere thought of such a sacrilege. And where the Hashisins took care of the combat side of things, the Temple of Balance was responsible for conferring with the Gods, reading the signs of the present to see what the future might bring, and advising the four Royal Houses and the Guild; thus it was no surprise that they would have information on certain important matters that was unknown to others. But this? This was yet another proof of the corrupt soul of his brother’s murderer. 
The Traitor, as Benali, the King’s former Consul, was called now, had not only killed his brother and sister-in-law but had traumatized their eight-year-old twins, too. Both children lived now in heavily guarded camp deep in the middle of the desert, where Kara, his second brother, rules as the Regent until the Heir was of age. Nice of Benali to put a bounty on Kara’s head. Real nice. If there was one thing that never failed to rile his usually calm, rational brother, then it was a threat to his life. Which had always resulted in Maris and him wiping the floor with the idiot in question. Well, he better took care of the situation, because he wouldn’t lose what remained of his family to the Traitor, too. And now he knew exactly where to look for the bastard: Iquis. Ah, arrogance had always been Benali’s Achilles heel.
“Why do you of all people need this information if you don’t mind the question? Other than the obvious?” he asked the Healer when he had calmed down enough to talk again.
“And the obvious would be?” she calmly asked him back with a raised eyebrow.
“To prevent me from rushing into action without a thought?”
“Not everything is about you, my friend,” the Healer replied sharply. “Though this might have played into his decision to send you here. However, this is Lightning’s way of killing to birds with one stone as this information is vital for me too since I planned to go to Iquis next week. And getting killed is definitely not part of my to-do list.” How the Captain of the Hashisins’ Guard had known that, she had no idea.
Silence.
Then Onyx asked, “Care to explain why anyone would be stupid enough to kill a Healer? One from Ter no less, with no connection to the matter?”
Serabi paled. A second later, the air around the woman bristled with power. He seemed to have hit a nerve inadvertently. 
At this point Nia decided to join their discussion. 
“What have you said to her? If you have hurt her feelings, I’ll kill you myself,” she spit at him. 
Protective much? The woman could be a Warrior, he thought, amused. 
A second later the woman was in his face and he felt her energy whirling around her. Impressive. She had enormous offensive power for a Muse. But then, even the most defensive power could be used offensively if you knew how. Which she obviously did. Or at least her survival instinct did.
He rolled his eyes, then pushed against her power with his own. “I didn’t do anything.”
He knew his non-answer told her less than nothing, but he wasn’t a man of many words. So what?
“Serabi? What is it? Should I call the guards?” Nia asked the Healer anxiously.
“No, Nia. There’s no need for that. He just triggered a memory, is all.” Serabi sighed. To Onyx, she said, “You need to take care of this situation immediately. He can never lay his hands on him or them. Ever.”
Serabi was right, taking Kara out would make the twins vulnerable. Rage rose in him. No way. The children had to be protected. Unable to deal with his aggression at the thought of them hurt, Onyx focused on the woman in front of him. He watched the Healer carefully; what memory was bad enough to faze the unfazeable Serabi? He had seen the woman heal injuries of both body and soul that were beyond imagination in terms of cruelty without even so much as a blink, so what was this all about?
“I know that but I’ve got a feeling that your reasons for that are different from mine?”
She sighed again. “That’s a long story and one that doesn’t concern you.” She waved her hands and went on, “Anyway, when are you heading out?”
“Hm, I was hoping to stay the night. I’ve been riding without pause for days to get this message to you.”
All of a sudden, Serabi had an evil grin on her face. “That’s not my decision to make. You need to seek permission of the Chief Mistress,” she drawled.
Onyx closed his eyes in defeat. Now this was so not going to go over well. Great. But he had to try. He was beat. He turned to Nia and assumed a less intimidating stance by deliberately slouching. He pointedly ignored Serabi’s smirk.
“Dear Mistress of the House. As the Healer informs me, I need your permission to stay the night here with her?”


Nia was startled at the sudden address and blinked. Now he talked to her? She bristled. She had never met a more infuriating man and never a more impolite one. She was used to being wooed or at least being the center of attention and not a nuisance or a threat due to some yahoo’s paranoia. When calm and collected Serabi had lost her control for a minute there, Nia had been scared; but as the Chief Mistress the safety of the Healer was her responsibility. So she had gathered her courage and put herself between him and Serabi. And had been stunned. Damn, the man was handsome – for a mugger that was. He had an angular, very male face that went great with his muscular build and his height, but the most stunning thing about him (if a man like him could be called that) were his eyes. They appeared pitch black in the dimmed light of Serabi’s chambers, but that couldn’t be, could it? Anyway, now wasn’t the time for mooning over his appearance; now was the time to get back him for his rudeness. 
“Yes, you do.” She examined her nails in fake disinterest. 
“So?”
“So what?” She looked up at him innocently. With satisfaction she saw the muscle in his otherwise expressionless face tick. 
“So do I have your permission?”
She took a second to think it over and said sweetly, “No.”
The only reaction to her answer was a slight shift of his stance. That was unexpected. Why exactly would her refusal make him more relaxed? And why was Serabi looking at her so confused? Of course she wouldn’t let him stay– he was a stranger; she hadn’t even seen his face yet, for Sol’s sake.
“What?” she mouthed in her friend’s direction. Which only earned her a raised eyebrow. 
Nia rolled her eyes and said defensively, “Why in the world would I let a rude, bulky, and armed lowlife stay here, with our precious Healer no less?” 
Serabi howled with laughter. And said lowlife had an amused smirk on his lips. What the hell?
“Oh, that’s rich! A rude, bulky lowlife!” Serabi laughed and wiped the tears of laughter from her face. “By Sol, Nia, he wouldn’t be of much use if that were true!”
“If he is not, then who and what is he? It’s not like he introduced himself like any normal, sane, and polite person would do!”
“Well, I have to concede this point, but since he had never been one of those three things, you might want to cut him some slack.” Serabi laughed again, but then went on to introduce the two of them. “Nia, meet Onyx, Hashisin extraordinaire and senior member of the Guild. Onyx, meet Nia, Chief Mistress of the Hareem.” Nia’s shocked face made Serabi chuckle. “I’ll make sure your opinion of him reaches the right people, Nia. They’ll get a laugh out of that one for years to come!”
“Don’t you dare, Healer,” Onyx threatened her – but without heat. 
Nia just stood there, dazzled. Again. Seemed to be the favorite state today. Whatever. Onyx? Where had she heard that name before, she wondered. Suddenly it hit her: the memory of swishing steel, a falling head, and the low, dark whisper of a shadow rose in her mind. “You!” she yelled, outraged
A Warrior, a Hashisin. One of the protectors of Quiliaris. A protector of the innocent and an avenger of the wronged. Nia felt her cheeks heat in shame and surprisingly anger. And she had called him a jerk and a lowlife. But it was his own fault really; if he had told her, she’d never have done that. She hoped. Serabi was right, some slack on his manners was due. And some damage control. 
“Oh you, you… Why didn’t you tell me? I’d never have called you a…”
Serabi watched Nia curiously and interrupted her. “You know each other?”
“No,” Onyx said.
“Yes,” Nia replied.
“Huh?” Serabi asked.
“Yes, we do,” Nia stated, while shooting daggers at the Hashisin. “He saved my life a couple of months ago. And refused to tell me his name or anything else, so I couldn’t even properly thank him!”
“That’s not true. I did tell you my name,” the Hashisin pointed out calmly. 
“That could have been anyone, you jerk!”
“If what you’re saying is true, then how do you know it was me? And who is the rude one now, lady?”
Infuriating man. 
“Well, I would apologize, but…you are a jerk. Saving my life doesn’t change that,” she informed him arrogantly. 
The Warrior turned to Serabi and said, “Now I know why she was made Chief Mistress. With a temper like that, she couldn’t have been good for the bottom line!”
Serabi chuckled. “Something like that.”
“Excuse me? I was one of the most sought after Hareemas here!”
“Really,” he drawled. “And here I thought gagging the women wasn’t allowed.”
“You bastard,” Nia yelled the second the meaning of hid taunt hit her. “Leave my House! Now! And don’t you dare ever coming back!” Her power flared in the room as she called out, “Guards!”
He laughed and said, “I have a feeling I’m no longer welcome here. Farewell, Serabi. May the Gods look favorably on you!” 
And then he vanished into thin air. 
Nia stared at the spot where the Warrior had stood not a second ago and blinked. Poof. Vanished. Gone. The man was simply gone.
“What the fuck?” was the only appropriate thing left to say. Even for someone with her excellent breeding.
Serabi looked at her with a mixture of disappointment and curiosity. 
“Care to explain what all that was about, Nia? Because you just damaged my reputation.”
“I did no such thing! How could I even?”
“They won’t feel save to contact me if they think I’m working for a mad shrew with a penchant for blood.”
“Oh come on, I’m neither mad nor fond of blood. And no one is going to think that. It sure didn’t impress the bulky jerk. No need for worry here, Serabi.” Nia stopped and a thoughtful look appeared on her face. “But back to a more important matter: where the hell did he disappear to? He can’t simply be gone, can he?”
Finally, the guards ran into the room. “What is it, Mistress? Do you need help? Is  anybody hurt?” 
Nia just looked at them with a blank face and shrugged helplessly. 
Seeing her friend’s lack of…everything, Serabi graciously decided to help her out. “It was nothing. The Mistress and our guest had a slight misunderstanding after which he has left us.”
“He did? The gates are closely guarded and no one went in or out the last few minutes!”
“Trust me, he is gone. And no Hashisin is ever seen except when he wants to be.”
“Hashisin? The lowlife was a Hashisin? That’s what you saying?” one of the guards asked in utter disbelief. Mixed in was awe. And fear.
“Well, yes. You can go back to your watch now. Everything’s all right.”
On their way out, one of the stunned soldiers murmured, “Oh, that’s not good. He’s so going to kill us in our sleep for how we’ve treated him…”
“He will do no such thing,” Nia called out then, “so stop acting like babies! You are grown men and experienced soldiers, for Sol’s sake!”
“Yeah, but he’s a Hashisin. They are the best for a reason,” another one muttered in reply. “Fuck.”

After some minutes of leaden silence, Nia asked Serabi again, “So? Where did he go? And how come you are familiar with the Guild? And why do you get messages in the deep of the night by scary Warriors looking like muggers?”





Chapter 5


“First, it was only one Warrior and he might look like a mugger, but he certainly isn’t one. Don’t let yourself be fooled by appearances, girl; thanks to his profession he is a master of disguise. And yes, he is rude, secretive, and stand-offish, but because he needs to be. As for the Guild, that connection goes way back. My brother is a Hashisin as well and as a Healer he can trust, he used and still uses my services quite frequently. Word got around and so others eventually came too. And last, he didn’t vanish or disappear. He just knows how work the shadows to his favor. As he should considering what and who he is.”
Silence.
“So, let me see if I got that right,” Nia said then, “you, who would ream out anyone who so much as raises his voice in your company, excuse the poor behavior of someone who called you an ‘old hag’ to your face. You have a long and rather intimate connection to the Guild that I didn’t know of – you didn’t think this was crucial information since it could bring danger to my door? – and a brother I didn’t know of as well. And here I thought we are friends.” Nia snorted. “And that piece about ‘working the shadows’? No one can use a shadow to disappear in a lightened room.” She stopped. “Oh, wait, I know! He is an Illusionist, right?”
Serabi sighed. “By the Gods, use your brains, girl! He is a Warrior, Nia, remember? And we are friends; the only reason I didn’t tell you is because I wanted to keep you safe. He wouldn’t have come here if it hadn’t been necessary. Anyway, I asked a question of my own: what was with the name-calling? And how exactly did he save your life?”
“Well, that wasn’t name-calling; that was the truth. As for the life-saving: I made the mistake of taking a shortcut through the market one night after I visited a vendor and got cornered. The Warrior had been so kind as to take care of the mugger in a very finite way. And before you ask, I never saw him. He just took care of the problem and left.”
“But how did you recognize him then? What is it that you aren’t telling me?”
“Yeah well, I got a bit upset when he refused to tell me his name. But shortly before reaching home, a whispered ‘Onyx’ reached my ears. That’s all. Like I said, he is infuriating; a true Fire Elementar, that one!” She had figured his Element by his reference to Nyx. No one but a Fire wielder would ever call out to the Goddess of Night and Fire, the mother of all darkness. 
“Fire Elementar or not, you are just miffed that he isn’t as easy to manipulate as the smitten idiots you are used to. And that he doesn’t seem as impressed by your beauty,” Serabi waved away her insults. 
“What? No! That’s not true. I don’t manipulate people…” Nia sputtered. As for the rest, she wouldn’t even want the Hashisin to be impressed. He might try and pursue her - the horror. At least that was what she told herself. 
“If you say so,” the Healer replied, amused. “But that talk can wait for tomorrow, now can’t it? I’m tired and I need my sleep. This incident, amusing as it was, has taken up entirely too much time by now. Thank you for your support, though.”
“You throw me out? Now? But what about all my questions that you seem to refuse to answer?”
“Tomorrow,” Serabi sighed. “Tomorrow I answer what I can. Now I want to sleep.” A pause. “Please.”
“Please?” Nia repeated, disbelieving. “I didn’t think you knew the word. But all right, I’ll wait till tomorrow. And you better have answer for me then!” With a huff, she stalked out of the room, the door closing with a loud bang thanks to her anger. 


Serabi waited for a few minutes to make sure Nia wouldn’t come back and then turned around to the man standing quietly at the wall behind her. 
“Sorry for that.” 
He gave a short nod. 
“Where are you hurt then, Onyx?” 
At his questioningly look she said, “You wouldn’t have come here otherwise.”
He sighed. “It’s not much. Just a little scratch. But it doesn’t stop bleeding.”
“It doesn’t stop bleeding? Since when? And let me be the judge of whether this is scratch!”
Onyx bared his chest and pointed at his injury. Serabi snorted. The Warrior’s definition of a ‘scratch’ varied considerably from her own –surprise, surprise.
“Since when qualifies a stab to your heart as a scratch?”
“Since I’m not dead yet?” 
It was as if admitting to being hurt was inversely proportional to their manhood. Serabi shook her head. “Stubborn idiot. Why didn’t you say you needed help before?” 
She gripped his black tunic to put it out of the way, but immediately drew her hand back in disgust. She looked at her scarlet fingers. “What the hell, Onyx?” She went on to examine his wound and her anger grew with every second. “I should refuse to help you and let you bleed to death, you moron! Why should I save your life again and again when you clearly have no regard for it?” she exclaimed, enraged.
“Lower your voice, will you? No need to alarm the guards. I’ve had worse injuries over the years; it’s part of the job.” He shrugged. “And I do value my life, Healer. Which is why the one who tried to kill me is now standing before the Gods awaiting his judgment.” Satisfaction brightened his eyes.
“You do know that every life you end takes its toll? You need to watch your balance carefully, my friend,” she reminded him gently. Like every Hashisin he had to fight the evil in him to keep it from overtaking his soul and eradicate all goodness. And Onyx was rapidly approaching the point of no return. Ever since his brother’s death, the darkness had grown, unchallenged. 
“Yeah, I know. Everything’s fine. He was an assignment.” He winced as the healer began to clean the bleeding wound with one of her awful potions that she seemed to carry with her everywhere she went. “May I ask you a question or two while you are stitching me up, Serabi?”
“Ask all you want. But don’t expect an answer,” came the gruff reply. 
“Gracious as always.” He winced again as she probed his wound, digging her finger into it. To distract him from the pain, he focused on his questions. “Why did you let me stay? If she finds out, you might lose all you have worked for so hard.”
“I love that woman, I really do. But some things are simply more important than friendship. My loyalty has always been to those in need first – no matter what.”
“Good to know. Still, you realize I wouldn’t have come if it hadn’t been important? I know you like to keep your day-to-day life separate from matters of the Guild.”
“Which is the reason I disregarded her orders and am stitching you up. Was that all you wanted to know?”
“No, I’ve got one last question for you, Healer: what did the message remind you of that you almost lost it?”
Serabi felt her power rise again. Not many knew that her healing ability could as easily be used for taking a life as for saving one. She wasn’t a violent person, but if she ever were to kill someone then it would be Benali the Traitor. Not for the regicide though; she was an Earth Elementar and the Fire royals were of no importance to her. However, that man was a monster who preyed on the weaker ones and left them battered and broken and dead. She had seen the results of his works up close and they still gave her nightmares. Her baby sister had been one of his victims; Serabi had only been able to identify the heap of flesh as her sister because of a distinctive birthmark that had miraculously remained intact. She hadn’t known his name then, but she had found out by following the trail of bodies all over the country until finally ending up in Pyras. There she had discovered who he was – and had had to resign herself to the fact that she had no chance to bring him down. No one would have believed the King’s most trusted advisor, the Consul, capable of such cruelties. But the worst was that he had developed a taste for younger flesh in the end. The only good thing that had come from his enforced hiding after the regicide was that he didn’t have time to pursue this little ‘pastime’ of his. 
“Please, tell me. Whatever it is, I promise I will stay calm.”
Knowing that he was Idris – a night born Child of Nyx, the Goddess of Fire and Night, which was why he was able to become one with the shadows rather than merely hiding in them – she knew what it took for him to offer such a vow. None of the Shadow children ever took one lightly and they always kept their promises. Always. 
“All right.” She exhaled deeply and tried to detach herself from the story as much as possible. It was the only way for her not hurt all humans within two miles with her fury. Her power was considerable; some even said that she was one of the strongest Healers of her generation. Which was what got her the trust of the Guild; besides her family ties with one of their own, that was. 
“About twenty-five years ago, I was just of age, I came home one day after training and found my whole family in an uproar. My baby sister, she had been about nineteen then, hadn’t come home from her lessons and no one had seen her since she had left the Erudite’s house. My brother and father searched for her for days, but to no avail. After a week they eventually gave up, all hope lost. Three days later, my mentor and I got called to the outskirts of our town; someone had found a body. They couldn’t really say whether it was an animal or a human, or even if it was still alive. When we arrived…” Serabi swallowed hard and closed her eyes in an attempt to blind out the picture of her sister’s broken, crumpled body lying in the high grass of a meadow. When she heard Onyx’s suppressed groan of pain, she looked up and realized that she had dug her fingers in his wound. Deep. Her cheeks heated, but then it was his own fault. Asking her something like that while she was working on a wound hadn’t been his smartest move. 
“Sorry,” she muttered. “Anyway, eventually I recognized my little sister. She had a special birthmark that somehow survived the ministrations of whoever had beaten her into nothing but a heap of meat. The picture of my vibrant little sister, who had always been so full of life, reduced to, to…this, never left me. And neither did the image leave my brother, who had insisted on sitting in on the examination of her corpse. From the wounds that we found once the black and blue was gone, we realized that she had been whipped half to death; moreover, she had burn marks all over. Of the elemental kind. You know, this was one of the reasons my brother went to the tryouts in the first place. And why he trained like a madmen. All in order to keep those he loved safe.” By Sol, she felt with her brother. If it had been hard on her since couldn’t save her sister’s life, it must have been brutal for her Warrior brother, whose main instinct was to keep those he loved safe.
“We waited until we both had finished our respective apprenticeships and then we began to search. Everywhere we went, we asked and looked for similar murders as we have come to the conclusion that our sister couldn’t have been the first and certainly not the last victim. And we’ve been right. For quite some time, we followed the ‘Trail of Broken Spirits’ as we called it; when my brother was summoned back to Aliaenar and do his duty for Quiliaris, I went on alone. I couldn’t just let it go, I couldn’t. A couple of years ago, I eventually ended up in Pyras.” 
“In Pyras? No, that can’t be,” Onyx interrupted her, aghast. “I would have known if there had been women being abducted and left to die on a regular basis.” 
“Really? Even if they were Esendri or servants? I don’t think so.”
Onyx blinked. “I don’t care about status or rank; you know that. But I have to admit that the vulnerables weren’t the focus of my work then. Anyway, I think I’d have heard at least rumors about something like this.”
“Not necessarily, no. Why would anyone bother you with some dead Esendri? Especially in Pyr.” The Fire people’s reverence of strength and power left the Esendri, the Vulnerables, in a state of perpetual neglect; a reason of many why Serabi’s opinion of the Fire Elementars was so very low. 
“You have a point there. But I don’t think that’s the end of your story, is it?”
“No, it’s not. After weeks of covertly asking around, I finally got a name. ‘The Tamer’ he was called on the streets. Apparently he had a whip made of Fire. Rather apt, don’t you think?”
Onyx paled. He had heard rumors about ‘The Tamer’ – but he had never made the connection. What was even worse was that he had known about this certain Talent of Benali, had actually seen it in action on several occasions. But he had written it off as one of the man’s brilliant illusions. The man was said to be the best Illusionist in all of Quiliaris, which was why no one had seen his true face until it had been too late and the world had changed. But still, Onyx had a hard time believing Serabi’s story. Benali couldn’t be that depraved, could he?
“Goddess, no! When and how did you find out who he was?” 
“Somehow I ended up healing a soldier with whip marks. He had been punished for not following an order to the dot.” She shuddered at the memory. “He told me when I sedated him.” At Onyx’s questioning stare, she shrugged. “It loosens the tongue of some people. Anyway…”
“Why didn’t you tell someone?”
“Oh, I tried. But nobody believed me. Punishing a soldier is something entirely different from torturing someone beyond recognition. Hardly surprising though under the circumstances, was it?”
“No, not really,” Onyx said quietly.
“And I had nothing to prove my accusation. The whip marks weren’t conclusive enough. Not in Pyras. As I was told, any mediocre illusionist Elementar can create such a whip.”
“Which is true. What convinced you of his guilt then?”
“Simple. A whip is easy enough to create; the precision with which that one was wielded isn’t. It takes a certain strength of power and will, both not found in anyone at mid-level. And the malice and arrogance that is needed to commit such horrors narrowed the field further. Most of you Fire people leave the Esendri alone. They are no threat to anyone and they are protected by the code; mostly, that is. Only someone with a corrupt heart would ever do something like that – and someone who doesn’t want to bring any attention to his depravity.”
“Your reasoning is sound, Healer,” Onyx said brusquely. Serabi was flattered. From Onyx this was as close to a compliment as she would ever get. Except for the Chairman of the Council, she had never encountered a less encouraging man. Still, he was a good man at heart and his word was golden. 
“But you didn’t find any hard proof or someone to confirm your story? A witness of sorts?”
“No. Not a one. No one had ever seen his face. And those who he had come into contact with, however brief, were scared to death of him. They feared his retaliation. And rightly so.”
“But you seem so sure. What did you find then?” he asked her, suspicious. Then his eyes widened. “Maybe a survivor?”
So like him to explore all possible options, Serabi thought in defeat. So like him to ask the one question she really, really didn’t want to answer. This memory was even worse than the one of her sister, who could rest in peace now at least. Maybe Onyx would take her silence as a ‘no’? Something in her face must have clued in the ever observant Hashisin, though. But then, there was a reason he was the current spymaster of the Guild. 
“You did? You really did find a survivor? Who? And why didn’t that person tell her story? It could have prevented the… Where is she now?”
“Stop it!” she yelled. “Just stop.” She held up her hand and wiped her face with the other hand to hide her misery. 





Chapter 6


“Thank you, Serabi,” Onyx said absentmindedly, when he felt the Healer’s power leaving him due to her inner turmoil. He had already forgotten about the wound. Her story had shocked him to his core. Yes, he had heard rumors about a lowlife named ‘The Tamer’ and his brutal whip, but since he had been touring the desert at that time to get a feel of the overall mood of their scattered people, he had trusted the Warriors at Pyras to take care of that. He had trusted Barin, who had been Captain of the Guard then, to take care of that. 
As far as he knew ‘The Tamer’ had vanished as fast as he had appeared. One day he had simply vanished. Come to think of it, that had been around the time Benali was appointed Ambassador for Imbra twenty months ago – he had spent every other month in the Great Land of the Sun as its inhabitants called it. Onyx had always wondered why his brother had parted with his trusted Consul all of a sudden. 
Anyway. Onyx wondered what was wrong with the surviving victim that he could actually feel Serabi’s every emotion on the matter: despair, grief, horror so deep that it elicited a shudder from him. Maybe the young woman had gone mad over the experience. But…
“So, what’s the deal with this victim? Wasn’t she able to cope with the memory and went off the deep end?” Another thought popped into his mind. “Did she end her life over the experience? And are there other ones that survived?” 
Serabi’s desperation grew another notch. 
What the hell?
At last, she said so quietly that he almost didn’t hear her, “No, in all those years I’ve found only her. Only this one. And Nia was right, you are an insensitive jerk. This victim is one of the strongest persons I’ve ever had the grace to meet. Traumatized beyond belief, yes, but alive nevertheless. At least she had been when she left me after I’ve found her. So don’t you dare talk so disrespectful about her. Do you hear me? Don’t you dare!”
“You’ve found her?” 
Leave it to Onyx to focus on the least important thing she’d said. 
Serabi closed her eyes. 
“By Sol, that was both the luckiest and worst day of my life. I’ve visited the cemetery that day to pay my respects to the many Esendri victims since no one ever bothered. On my way out, next to the section of the Royal House, I suddenly thought I had heard something. A whimper. I stopped and then someone’s emotions hit me full force. Pain, overwhelming pain and agony so great it almost brought me to my knees. I concentrated hard on the source and tried to locate the person, but…it took me a while to realize that whoever that was had to be behind the hedge. I made my way over to where the pain was coming from and prayed that I would arrive in time. ‘Cause this human was on the verge of dying. There wasn’t much of will of life, much of her self left.” She took a deep breath and opened her eyes again to center herself in the here and now. “But I made it. I made it. And I saved her.” A pause. “Or at least kept her alive.”
“Why didn’t you make her tell her story?” he asked her. His brother could be still alive if she had. 
“Why? Because she would have been labeled an unreliable witness; that’s why!”
“How so? Only those with a mind of a child would be… Don’t tell me the victim was retarded!”
“No.”
“But then…I don’t understand?” His eyes widened in disbelief as a thought so vile and abhorrent crossed his mind he instinctively refused to acknowledge it. “No. Not ever. Not even he would …”
Serabi looked at him with grief so great that it threatened to break his heart. 
“Yes! The victim was but a little girl. Maybe a handful of years yet. And I found her thrown away like trash in front of the of the statue of Nyx holding the Koreeam An Pyr,” she whispered. 
“No!” Onyx shook his head. “I’d would have heard about that! No! That can’t be true.”
“Deny it all you like. I know what I’ve seen. It is the utter truth,” Serabi replied, getting angry now in the face of his denial.
“I don’t think you are lying, Serabi. But…I would have at least heard about the desecration of the place! No Fire Elementar would ever spit in the face of our creator with an act this vile. You must be wrong – it can’t have been him. The backlash of Nyx for heresy that great would have killed him!” 
“What heresy? The girl didn’t die; so no harm, no foul!”
“But his intention alone would have been enough. Even if the Goddess was lenient, his soul would have gone dark and he’d turned rogue. Which he wouldn’t have had a chance in hell to hide, Illusionist or not!”
Serabi snorted. “I know that this is a lot to take in, but for Sol’s sake, you are willfully blinding yourself to the truth right now!”
“I am not! This is just too unbelievable! No chance something like that would have gone unnoticed! That’s not something you can cover up! Especially if a child was involved – Esendri or not, they are to be protected!”
“Sure they are. In theory. You can’t really be that ignorant, can you? The codex is great and all, but people are people and not all of them are good. There are too many of those who teach their children along the lines of ‘what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.’ Especially in Pyras.”
“Yes, but that relates to Warrior training! And not to normal life!”
Serabi shook her head in apparent disappointment. “Oh boy, I know you grew up sheltered and all, but didn’t it ever occur to you that the ideals you were raised on were just that – ideals? Because the Royals are the example everyone follows? It’s the same in every kingdom really; royalty leads by sticking to the rules without exception and the rest tries to imitate them – with various degrees of success. And if you doubt my words on this, then you only have to spend a week in any infirmary to confirm my words!”
“But, but…” he tried to argue but then stopped, defeated. “Anyway, back to the victim. Two things come to mind: one, for me to believe this, this atrocity, I need to talk to her; second, if she survived, she can’t have been hurt that badly, can she now?”
“By Sol, you sure can be a major asshole when you want to be! We are talking about a little girl not yet six years old and all you say is ‘she can’t have been hurt that badly’? Have you ever seen what a whip can do to the tender skin of a child? Experienced the excruciating smell of charred skin? You, you…”
“It’s either cold rationality or burning down the house, Serabi. Which one will it be?” he explained to her in a dangerously quiet voice. “Don’t make the mistake of thinking I don’t care. Because I do. A lot. But this is the only way I know how to deal with this situation: detachment. Same as you.”
Serabi stopped her tirade and really looked at him for the first time since she had begun her story. She could see it now. The tension in his shoulders, the tick in his chin and the cold, cold menace in his eyes. What was it her brother had said to her after he had introduced the two of them, Don’t be fooled by his complacent, quiet appearance; I’ve seen what happens when he lets go. ‘Eradicate’ is too tame a word for it.
She shuddered. Now that she focused her power on him, she was able to feel the aggression of his Fire. Damn that man was powerful. It took her by surprise every time. Some part of her admired his excellent control over his element, but the rest of her was worried. It couldn’t be good for him to keep everything in. Ever the Healer, she thought with an inward eye roll. Whatever.
“Sorry. I didn’t think. Forgive me?”
He sighed. “Yeah, yeah. I forgive you. So?”
“So, I’m sorry, but you can’t talk to her.”
“And this would be why? You know, I can appear as charming and harmless as a puppy when I want to be.”
“I know that. But in order to speak with her, I’d need to know where she is, wouldn’t I?”
“You tell me you didn’t monitor her after you nursed her back to live? Try again.”
“I would have done that for sure – if she hadn’t disappeared on me the day after I found her.”
“Come again?”
“You heard me.”
“She disappeared on you?” he repeated. Onyx thought about that for a few moments, then said, “So, either your power is greater than you let on or it’s like I said – she wasn’t that hurt to begin with. Which is it?” Onyx smiled inwardly. As dreadful as the topic was, there was a silver lining to be found even there. Whatever her answer, he was going to gain valuable information, be it an accurate approximation of her amount of power or another reason for him to end the bastard who had destroyed his family. Not that he needed another one. But there was no such thing as too much ammunition.
Serabi took her sweet time to answer his question. Maybe she thought about a way to get out of answering all together or without giving away too much. Which reminded him on something else.
“Is this why you needed the information on Benali’s whereabouts? Is he after you, too?”
“Yes, he is. And I tell you about this in a minute. However, to answer your first question, don’t ever make the mistake of thinking he was lenient to the girl. He clearly thought she was dead or at least so close to the brink that it didn’t make any difference. I don’t know how she made it, but one thing I do know: that girl, whoever she is, has a will that exceeds everything I’ve ever encountered. She hung onto life by sheer stubbornness. I had to put her under to get her to the infirmary, because she wouldn’t let me touch her. I used up all my power that day to heal her broken body: repair her organs, set her bones, mend her skin, but it wasn’t enough. She had so many injuries – and she will wear the scars of her ordeal for the rest of her life. Inside and out.”
“Fuck!” For Serabi to leave scars behind, the injuries must have been serious. “What about her mind?” he asked gently. He didn’t want to upset the Healer again.
“Her mind. Yes, I tried to work on her memories, too; I thought it would be best if she forgot, but even unconscious as she was she refused to cooperate. The block I tried to implement wouldn’t hold for longer than a second.” Serabi shook her head. “After the third attempt she suddenly woke up although she should have been out until I’d have finished. I’ll never forget her flare of power when she found me standing over her. It knocked me back a few feet and in a raspy voice she said, ‘Touch me and die.’ So much aggression from such a little child; but beneath her hostility there had been so much fear and misery that it broke my heart. No child should experience something like that. Ever.”
“How did she disappear?”
“Well, I tried to talk to her after she gave me permission to numb the pain but she stubbornly refused to tell me even one thing. Not her name, not who she was, not where she came from, nothing. I even offered the option of alleviating her emotional pain, but all she whispered was ‘I need to remember!’ And that was that. Eventually I stopped asking; she had been through enough. I thought maybe she would open up in a day or two, because whatever had happened to her she had remained sane. Or as sane as you can be after being almost whipped to death. Every little sound startled her and she positioned herself with her back to the wall. A strategy I’m quite familiar with thanks to you Warriors. Always looking for an enemy. That poor child! Anyway, I kept watch over her that night, calmed her down when her power almost set the infirmary on fire in her sleep. I can only guess at what her dreams must have looked like. However, during one of these episodes, she uttered the words ‘Consul’ and ‘Traitor.’ That’s why I’m convinced beyond a doubt that it was Benali. Anyway, exhausted as I was from healing her, I fell asleep somewhere in the wee hours of the morning. When I woke up at sunrise a few hours later, she was gone. No trace of her to be found anywhere.” 
“She just upped and left? And no one noticed?”
“No. Not a single person saw the little girl leave, which was strange because there’s only one entrance and it’s heavily guarded.” She sighed. “I wonder sometimes what has become of her; if she is still alive or if her soul finally crumbled under the weight of her nightmares.”
There was a long silence, both of them trying to fend off the sudden heavy feeling that Serabi’s tale had brought forth. 
At last Onyx asked, “And you have absolutely no clue who she could have been? Or where she could have gone?” 
Serabi seemed to be lost in her memories but then tilted her head. “No, like I said she didn’t answer any of my questions and I can’t really say what she looked like with how swollen her face was. Moreover, she didn’t have any clothes on.” At his appalled expression, she said, “Yeah, great image, isn’t it?” 
Onyx felt his blood drop from his face as he envisioned the situation. He had to work hard to suppress the sudden impulse to vomit. Since the only little girl he knew was his eight-year-old niece, so the nameless victim had a disturbing resemblance to her in his mind. Being thrown at the feet of the Goddess’ statue, beaten half to death, without a thread of cloth on her… He started to pace the room to get a handle on his emotions. That didn’t bear thinking about, it was so sickening. 
“By Nyx, I don’t know what to say.” He swallowed and moved around some more. “You must have found her pretty quickly after her disposal for me or anyone else not to know about this. The desecration of this special place would have caused an uproar and witch-hunt on the one who did this,” he murmured absentmindedly. 
“I don’t think so. No one would have believed the girl over the King’s Consul with his charming, good-natured appearance.”
“They would have had to believe her. If she had seen his face at some point, the Gift of Omniscience would have brought that to light and then even Benali wouldn’t have managed to get out this one.” 
“Of course he would have. On the basis of her memory being faulty because of her ordeal. No one can survive something like that mentally unscathed, especially not a child her age, yadda, yadda,” the Healer scoffed.
“You are right. Shit. Wasn’t there anything special about her that would help narrow down the search? Something like, I don’t know, a birthmark or deformities? Anything?” 
Onyx was getting desperate; he needed to find the girl. If she confirmed Serabi’s story, then she would be the last nail in the Traitor’s coffin. With that, his reputation would be ruined even in Iquis and Ter where the people had no problem with him killing his king. They argued that he must have had a reason for his deed and most likely it was because Maris, the King, had been an arrogant, selfish prick. He had just gotten his comeuppance. And of course, there was the fact that most people here still thought the Fire people had no honor to begin with and betrayal was a common occurrence. 
“No.” Serabi thought back to that day once again and then said, “The only thing she’d had with her had been a piece of scarlet cloth showing half of the Fire emblem. She’d had that in her fist when I found her. And that she could have gotten everywhere.”
Onyx stilled and grew ice-cold inside. No, he thought, she couldn’t have. He knew that the Healer thought the girl must have picked up a banner of sorts, but that couldn’t be. The only scarlet banners in all of Pyr were to be found on the towers of the fortress in Pyras. The people were to use any shade of red for their flags. The only other scarlet cloth in all of Pyr was reserved for the members of the Royal House. And Benali wasn’t one of them – he wasn’t of royal descent. Didn’t have even a drop of royal blood in his line. 
He closed his eyes in despair. The girl must have been nobility. And chances were high that she was one of the children that died when Benali had tried to clear the fortress of those loyal to the House of An-Pyr. 
“Benali knows you were on to him, right?” he asked the Healer after he tried to come to terms with the fact that his only witness was most likely dead.
“I think so. Because shortly after I found the girl, someone put a warrant out on me. Someone in the right place must have heard of it because I was announced a Healer of the Guild a few days later. And even the most stupid mercs from Tortaris and Imbra know not to mess with the Hashisins. Thank Sol.”
“I remember that. Your brother had a fit of epic proportions when he heard about you being threatened. I didn’t realize the warrant was still active, though.”
“It is. Which is why I needed that bit of information.”
Onyx looked at her pensively and then asked, “You said you’re planning a trip to Iquis next week?”
“Yes,” she answered slowly. “Why?”
“Well, dearest Serabi, you just got yourself a guard. As it is, I just finished an assignment and have a lot of free time on my hands. And what would be better than visiting Limenis in your illustrious company?”





Chapter 7


When Serabi got up at sunrise, the Hashisin was already gone. He had slept on the floor using his own bedding which he had produced seemingly out of nowhere. But knowing him for years now, she was used to his procuring things out of thin air. Most likely the man used some of his Idris power to hide what he didn’t want to be seen behind a cloak of darkness. She wished she had that ability too, but she was Naru born and thus one of Sol’s children – they were drawn to light, not to Nyx’s night.
After breakfast, Nia approached her and asked for the promised talk. The woman was like a dog sinking its teeth into something and not letting go until she got what she wanted. Which made her the perfect Chief Mistress. But as Onyx had already figured, it didn’t make for a compliant Hareema. There had been those who had liked her sassy personality of course, but the majority of suitors had avoided her after the first encounter. Apparently a lecture on respect wasn’t high on the list of pleasurable things of most men. Go figure. 
Serabi had the feeling though that Nia was actually happy to withdraw from active duty, so to speak. One of the perks of being Chief Mistress was that she could choose if and when she took a suitor. So far she showed no signs of doing so, which didn’t surprise the Healer. She had always thought that deep down Nia had longed for a real relationship – one not too close, because the woman wasn’t one for restraints of any kind, but the idea of exclusivity seemed to appeal to her.
The women returned to Serabi’s chamber and sat down in front of the open fire. It was early spring so the air was still cool in the morning. Serabi smiled. That was another perk of being friends – well sort of – with a Fire Elementar. Thanks to his need for heat, the room had been toasty warm all night long. 
“So, why are you getting messages in the middle of the night by mugger-like Warriors and why didn’t I know about your connection to the Guild?”
“No small talk, Nia? Not even a ‘how are you?’” Serabi asked back sarcastically. 
“Hell, no. Then I would never get any answers out of you. I know how exceptional your ability to prevaricate is!” Nia rejected the suggestion. “Come on!”
“All right, all right. I’d say it’s best to start with your second question, now is it? Well, my connection to the Guild is easily explained – my brother is a high-ranking Hashisin. And since he came to me with whatever injury he had managed to acquire, the others started to come too eventually. That’s how I got to know this night’s mugger-like Warrior. He is one of my brother’s best friends and I assure you he is trustworthy. And really – well, nice certainly isn’t the right word in his case – but shall we say, approachable. Mostly, that is. And the message he delivered contained important information for my trip to the Water kingdom. The Guild sure doesn’t want to see me dead.”
“Why? I mean why would anybody go after a Healer, for Sol’s sake?”
“Well, a few years back I’ve seen something I shouldn’t have, discovered something I shouldn’t have, and undeliberately thwarted a plan of revolt of sorts – or so I guess – which got me a warrant on my head. If not for the Guild and their protection, I’d be dead by now.”
“Huh?” Nia said, bewildered. Killing a Healer was considered a sacrilege, almost as bad as blasphemy.
“Oh sweetheart, there are those who don’t abide by our laws, those with different Gods and rules to live by. Quiliaris is only a little speck on the map of the world,” Serabi reminded her gently. “And those others don’t necessarily value a Healer the same way we do. Meaning there are plenty who would accept the task in order to get their hands on my bounty.”
Nia blinked in astonishment. She had known that Serabi had travelled the country as a wandering Healer for most of her professional life, but she would have never guessed what dangers could be found there. 
“Two questions, then I’ll let you be. One, is that situation likely to affect the Hareem? Because if so, then I have to warn the girls and up security. Two, are you still going to Iquis? And if so, do I need to provide you with an escort?” Nia looked expectantly at Serabi. 
The Healer was stunned. She really hadn’t expected that reaction. “That’s three questions,” Serabi remarked dryly. “You know, you are most likely the only person in Quiliaris who won’t throw me over something like that. Troia surely would have me leaving within the hour. Why is that?”
Nia smiled. “Because you are my one of my own. And I would never throw you out over something as minor as that. Not when I just got you to commit to me. So?”
“So, I don’t think that you’ll need to up security – the one in place is a deterrent big enough. In my experience the mercs that are interested in seem to like their work quite literally ‘easy come, easy go.’ Furthermore, a guard also isn’t necessary – the Guild was gracious enough to provide with me one.”
“They did? How…?” Nia asked, then her eyes went wide and she answered her own question, “They assigned him to you, didn’t they?”
Serabi grinned. “I knew you were smart, sweetheart. Yeah, Onyx will act as my guard. Which is a win-win situation for both of us.”
“I get his ‘win’ part of the situation – your wonderful company – but somehow I fail to see your ‘win’ – what with his rudeness, lack of style, and his unpredictable Fire temper!”
“Biased much, Nia? And the situation is a lot more complex than you think. But that’s not my story to tell. Suffice it to say that there is no better guard than him – except for my brother, of course – and that he knows the land like no other. He’s been a member of the Guild ever since he finished his apprenticeship. He came around quite a bit, let me tell you. And for the rest of your complaints – he’s male, what do you expect? And his temper isn’t as unpredictable as you might think. Quite the contrary, actually.” Serabi rolled her eyes. “His control is beyond impressive – as it should be given that he is a Hashisin. You might want to rethink your prejudices about the Fire people, Mistress. They are fierce and rough, no two things about that, and they sure live by different standards – which are utterly hideous, by the way – but the majority are good people at heart. And yes, they are fast to ignite, but no adult ever hurt anybody with his power if he didn’t want to. They are taught control very early on, Nia. And of all the Elementars, they prove to be the least dangerous in terms of incidental outbreaks. They are aware of the responsibility that comes with the volatility of their element. I’m not their greatest fan and never will be, but that’s because of their behavior towards their weak ones. However, it’d be pretty stupid to be afraid of them because of something they can’t change like the nature of their power. Fire is meant to burn, Nia. And keep in mind that without it, the world would be very cold and uncomfortable place.”
Nia’s face reddened at the Healer’s justified reprimand. “Sorry,” she muttered, contrite. “I’ll try to keep that in mind the next time I’ve got to deal with one of them.”
The Hareema stood up and said goodbye to her friend. The Healer had given her a lot to think about. For someone who prided herself on her analytical, impartial Erudite mind, she was ashamed to admit that she had adopted that particular prejudice without any proof. 

After Nia had left the room, Serabi shook her head, slightly disappointed. The Hareema certainly wasn’t the only one with said misconceptions about the Fire people, but she had at least expected her friend to give them the benefit of the doubt until she had actually dealt with one of them. Which Nia most likely hadn’t, as Fire Elementars were forbidden to the services of the Hareems in every kingdom except their own. And since they didn’t take well to mild climates as they were used to the heat of the desert, only those above mid-level strength ever travelled outside Pyr as you needed a certain level of strength to keep the cold at bay. Considering that even the weakest Fire Elementars were feared by the majority of the other Elementars, it was a vicious circle. It sure didn’t help that the Fire people were stubborn as hell and more likely to solve a problem with their swords or power than words. Though Serabi had to admit that this rather simplistic approach to life had a certain appeal –it sure got results faster than talking for hours as was custom in the civilized kingdoms.
It seemed that her Warrior friends’ steel-friendly attitude had rubbed off on her; amused by this insight, she finally went to work.


Nia spent three hours with paper work – good thing she hadn’t realized how much time the Chief Mistress had to spend in her office doing boring stuff like ordering new linen, oils, cloth, and whatever else her women needed, because she’d have turned down the job. Without so much as a blink. 
Anyway, now that she was done with most of the stuff, she decided to take a break in the spacious and beautiful garden of the Hareem. It was a compelling mixture of trees, ponds, paths, and artwork, all designed and cared for by three of the Hareemas who had an eye for beauty and a green thumb. Something you would expect every Earth Elementar to have, but no. Nia herself was a prime example for that. She couldn’t keep a plant alive if her life depended on it.
She was a true Hareema, a woman born to give pleasure, with a secondary Erudite Talent, something that was extremely rare. Her thirst for knowledge of every kind had led to the expensive and rather extensive library she had built over the years. Next to the grounding peace of the garden, the serene tranquility of her library served as her favorite sanctuary. She sat on a bench in a hidden compartment in the back, where she was hidden from sight and let the peace and quiet wash over her. 
When her mind and soul had calmed down, she thought back to last night. At last, she had a face to add to her savior. Now, in the light of day, without the ire of the night, she had the time to appreciate the man, the Warrior, properly. Who would have thought it? A Hashisin had saved her life and had even watched over her on her way home. She had thanked him often during the last months, especially after the adrenaline had finally worn off and Nia had fully realized the gravity of the situation she had found herself in. Pushing the scary thought away, she concentrated on the masculine and appealing face of Onyx. 
Onyx. The name fit him with his penchant for black clothes and from what she had been able to see – dark eyes. Still, she wondered what the real reason behind the name was – he seemed too complex a man for going for the obvious. 
Anyway, although she wasn’t one to be taken in by a steeled body, she had to admit – if only to herself – that though he was huge and had the vibe of a grumpy bear, he had aroused her interest. She wondered about that for some time until it suddenly hit her: despite his bulky appearance he had moved with the grace of a dancer. Light-footed, fast, agile. 
It made her wonder what kind of a lover he would be. Her cheeks turned a bright red at that and she admonished herself to stop that train of thought. He was a Fire Elementar, after all. And whatever Serabi had said, there was a reason they were forbidden from the Hareems in all of Sol’s kingdoms; from what she had heard over the years, their temper tended to show in their sexual desires. You had to ravel in the intensity and rawness of their needs, fight Fire with Fire to survive the experience unscathed – thus, it was either a Fire Hareema or none. 
Still, her curiosity was piqued and refused to vanish again. Strangely exhilarating thoughts about forbidden encounters with a certain Fire Warrior intruded her mind at every turn and left her breathless in the days to come. 


Unbeknownst to everyone and carefully hidden deep in the shadows of a corner, Onyx watched the beautiful Mistress of the House sitting on a stone bench and appearing deep in thought. Something about her got to him; not just her looks, which could compete with the most beautiful women there were, no question about that; but her sharp mind and bold personality that spoke of a steely will called to his soul and his Fire alike. 
Something in him told him that he should get to know that woman better. Good thing he was a Hashisin and used to hardships. He had a feeling that it was going to take a lot of blows to succeed with Nia. 
It was time for some planning, it seemed. But first, he had to avenge his brother’s death. As he had sworn to do when he had found Maris’ dead body. 





Chapter 8


Nine days later Serabi said goodbye to Nia and got in the Hareem’s travelling coach. She would have felt more comfortable on the back of a horse, but she was buying healing supplies and they had to go somewhere, so the coach it was. And it sure would be nice to arrive in Iquis well-rested, so she hadn’t protested. Much. 
“Should we wait for your guard, Healer?” her assigned driver asked her. 
“No, he will join us at the outskirts of Ter Sentra,” she answered absentmindedly. She had met the Hashisin two days ago at the market, where he had told her that something else had come up that made it impossible for him to escort her out of the city. 
Well, that didn’t pose much of a problem as she should be safe in Ter Sentra. No one had ever dared to attack her here. But she was relieved that he was going to watch over her on the way to the Water kingdom’s capital, Limenis, as she was going to be easy prey out there. Especially now that she was entering Benali’s territory. She wasn’t afraid of him or his cronies, but the idea of an untimely death didn’t really appeal. Go figure. 
She rolled her eyes at her silly thoughts and focused on her mental shopping list. Travelling to Iquis for herbs seemed a bit over the top considering the market in Ter Sentra offered everything she needed, but she refused to use anything but the best ingredients for her remedies and potions, so Master Carbin’s Herbal Shop in Limenis it was. She sighed. As exhilarating besting the old weasel was, the price she had to pay was high. The crotchety old man liked his ‘performance’ potions and seemingly had a large clientele for it judging by the amount she had to produce for him in order to not pay the ridiculous high prices he demanded. A small smile appeared on her face as she thought back to the day she had discovered that tidbit of information. Being friends with Hareemas had paid off for her in more than one way. 
An hour later they passed through the outskirts of Ter Sentra and took the road east to Iquis. Whereas Ter, the Earth Kingdom in the west of Quiliaris was a rural land with gentle hills and green meadows, Iquis, the Water Kingdom in the east was rich of lakes and ponds and rivers. Moreover, Iquis had the only access to the Great Ocean, something the Water people took shameless advantage of, since goods from or to either Imbra in the South of the Great Plains of the West or Maretiz up in the North were mostly shipped. In Serabi’s opinion the Water people were not that much different from the ruthless mercs of Tortaris who offered their allegiance to the highest bidder. Like them, the Water people always followed the money. 
She heard the driver greet someone and looked out of the coach’s little window on her right. The Healer waved at the once again black dressed man who had come up next to the vehicle. All members of the Warriors’ Guild wore black – it was what marked them as Hashisin – but only a few of them totally ignored the rest of the colors in the world. Onyx was one of them. Her brother was another one as well as the current Captain of the Hashisins’ Guard. She still had to get an answer out of them as to why. Maybe they were colorblind. Whatever. 
She leaned back in her cushy seat, and, lulled by the rhythmic rocking of the coach, she fell asleep. 


Onyx fell back behind Serabi’s coach after he had made himself known – lucky as he was, the driver had eyed him warily, his negligible power at the ready, until he had shown him his Kri-Amra, the Guild’s sacred sword branding, on his forearm. It served its purpose to identify him as a Hashisin, because the man sported an extremely relieved expression after that. Onyx sighed; the man sure wasn’t much of a fighter. But then, animal Charmers never were. 
Keeping a watchful eye on his surroundings and commanding his power to alert him of any threat in the vicinity – that is, every being within two miles – he pondered the new information that had come his way this morning. It had bothered him that he couldn’t escort his and the Guild’s favorite associate Healer right from the start, but he had figured she would be safe in the middle of Ter Sentra. Thank Nyx, he had been right. And thank Nyx that the intel had been worth it.
Thanks to his unparalleled ability to move as silent as a ghost and his amazing talent to get people to talk to him about everything, he had managed to get further details on where exactly the Traitor of his House was currently holed up. It amazed him to no end that even the most fearless and cockiest of mercs, muggers, and lowlifes there were spilled their guts when faced with his ire and– admittedly – impressive razor-sharp tip of his sword. Well, they should have listened when he offered to talk. He sighed. This habit of losing sight of the big picture and what was important was why he would never be elected Chairman – according to the rumors he had picked up, he was in the run for the position as the current one was ready to retire. He shrugged inwardly and concentrated on more important things. See? He could do that when he needed to. And yes, he knew that was a sorry excuse for distracting himself from an uncomfortable topic. 
Ever since the murder of Maris, the King, six months ago he had picked every fight he could get into, had taken every assignment that promised aggression and punishment for his target in the hopes of releasing the enormous pain and grief and anger about losing his beloved eldest brother. 
There had been so much blood that night, so many screams as the sycophants of the Traitor had slaughtered everyone in their way, even the little ones. He closed his eyes at the memory. Their small broken bodies on the ground was an image he would never forget. He thanked Nyx every day that his nephew and niece had survived the massacre. Somehow they had been picked up by guards before the real action began. They had been put on horses and been evacuated to Altahir, the desert camp where his second brother Kara ruled over the nomads of Pyr’s sandy dunes. 
By Nyx, he would never forget the blank face of little Tarek, who had constantly asked for his mother and hadn’t understood that he had become an orphan. Onyx had joined the group half way through the desert, desperately trying to console the boy, but to no avail. In the end, he had been the one to tell him the truth – and it had broken his heart. The shock on his nephew’s face and his grief had almost made him lose it, too. 
After he had handed the boy over to Kara and told him what had happened, he had mounted his horse and ridden back to Pyras without waiting for his brother’s reaction. He hadn’t been able to deal with Kara’s grief and disappointment, hadn’t been able to see all he had lost in the faces of his children – the boy Onyx would have been able to look at as he was his mother’s son, but the girl, there was no denying that she was an An-Pyr. She looked like a female version of Maris. The reminder would have been enough to drive him over the edge for good as he had been drowning in guilt. 
And was still drowning in it with no one to alleviate his pain. One day, one single day. That was all he wanted. One day of being able to breathe again. To wake up without the need to for inflicting violence. To get through the day without wishing it had been him who died instead of Maris. But it was too late for that. All that was left was hunting down the monster, praying he would redeem himself and get his honor back with this action. 
He of all people should have known, should have been able to see through the glamour of the smarmy bastard given that he was the one in charge of inner security at the time. But no, he had let himself be blinded like the rest of the court. 
Another thing he had been working on was Serabi’s story about ‘The Tamer.’ It shamed him to admit that she had been telling the truth. It seemed everywhere Benali had spent more than a week young women went missing and turned up a heap of flesh days later. Thanks to his network of informants and spies, he had them look out for rumors of a monster torturing vulnerables and unsurprisingly the results matched the intel on the whereabouts of the Traitor.
Whatever it was going to take, Onyx swore that he would end the man somewhere sometime. Again. It started to become a daily ritual – a prayer to Nyx, a prayer for his family, and the oath to bring that demon in human skin down. 
He felt his power rattling against the cage of its confinement inside him and pushed the all thoughts of him away. If he stayed any longer in that dark place, he was going to explode. His power just waited for a moment of weakness to break free of his iron control. Which would be his downfall, as the consequences would be bad, real bad. 
In his current mental state he wouldn’t be able to leash his Fire again; wouldn’t want to even. He would lose himself in the destructive force of his elemental power, which was fueled by his negative emotions. The Fire would control him instead of the other way round. And he refused to have his friends having to put him down – since there wouldn’t be anything left of him or his personality and no way to ever bring him back, killing him would be their only option.
But it wasn’t his time to stand before Nyx yet. Not before he had danced on the Traitor’s ashes after he had set him on Fire and rejoiced in the sound of high-pitched screams that spoke of pain, of the same excruciating agony he had to feel everyday.
However, the very moment he was on the verge of losing himself in his sinister thoughts once again, the light part of his soul supplied him with the image of Nia sitting in her garden. Instantly his mood lightened and he even felt a little smile spreading on his lips. So the Goddess hadn’t forgotten him – it seemed his prayers had been heard finally. Nyx had sent him a lifeline. Maybe things would get back to normal again. Someday. 


In Iquis, in a cellar deep below the ground, Benali opened a message of one of his spies. As he read it, his eyes grew wide for a moment, then rage distorted his attractive face. 
Angrily he set the paper on fire and watched it turn to ashes. “He’s onto us,” he said to his companion.
“You sound surprised,” the other man said with a mocking tone. 
“How does he do that? Wherever we go he is on our heels within a week. What the hell is it that gives us away?”
“That I don’t know, but what did you expect? I told you he was going to follow us. There’s a reason he is considered one of the best trackers of the Guild – once he has committed to something, he won’t give up. Ever. Anyway, by the time he arrives here we are already gone and this merry chase will be over. In ten days we’ll finally be where we belong. And then we start putting our plan in motion.” The man smiled evilly and raw, cold power emanated from him. 
Benali looked at his companion and grinned, excited. If everything went accordingly, then Pyr and then Quiliaris would be theirs. Finally.





Chapter 9


After six days of travelling, the little group finally arrived in Limenis in the late evening. The Capital of the Water kingdom was a wonderful city – if you ignored the fishy smell. Although the town was located inland, it was connected to the Ocean through the mighty river Divi’siae that ran straight to Ter via Aliaenar, the fortress of the Hashisins Guild in the middle of Quiliaris. Furthermore, Limenis was the main transfer site for import and export goods. The Water people were aware of their monopoly and used it to get what they wanted when they wanted it. Well, every kingdom had its flaws. 
Serabi checked in to a little tavern in the vendors’ quarter. Her driver also got a room and, grateful for a reprieve, left her to her own devices. Serabi refreshed herself, changed her clothes, and decided to take an early meal and start her shopping spree the next morning. Thanks to a broken wheel, they had a lost half a day and she knew that Carbin’s mood deteriorated with the position of the sun. So no herbs for her today. And no exhausting and infuriating haggling either. The old ones had it right: there always was a silver lining to be found. 


Onyx had left the Healer and her driver at the tavern and made his way to the Guild’s safe house fifteen minutes away in the close-by Esendri quarters. It was a perfect fit if you thought about it – the vulnerables needed protection and the Guild needed a place away from prying eyes. The Captain of the Hashisins’ Guard was a genius, indeed. Well, there was a reason they were friends, he thought arrogantly. 
He found the shabby-looking house and entered it. Where it fit the mold on the outside – the Esendri didn’t see the necessity to maintain their buildings; no one would spend his meager, hard earned money on appearances here – on the inside the house was pristine. Though the interior was sparse and functional, it was kept in perfect condition. Rule two on any survival trainer’s list of advices: keep your things in working order or die. The ‘or die’ part seemed to be a requirement to make it on the list, he thought amused. As he had found out over the years though, they had been right.
He sat down on a chair in the middle of the room and waited. Everyone was allowed to enter the house, but to actually get to see a real person depended solely on the judgment of the current residents. And so he calmly leaned back, stretched his legs, put his hands under his head, and closed his eyes. It was a very deliberate move on his part as it revealed not only his Kri-Amra but also demonstrated his strength. Showing unease or fear was a no-go in this martial environment. 
He didn’t have to wait long. His ever watchful power alerted him to the arrival of a fellow Warrior. He suppressed a smile. It was one of his. How convenient. 
“Onyx, what a nice surprise to see you here! What do we owe the pleasure of your visit to?”
Onyx opened his eyes and grinned. Keros, an Earth Elementar, was one of his best Shadow walkers as the Idris born Warriors were called due to their ability to merge with the dark. 
“I wanted to talk to you, my friend. And I figured you might have a place for me to sleep, too.”
Keros blinked and looked at him thoughtfully. “A bed won’t be a problem.”
Onyx tilted his head and regarded his Warrior – yes, he was his as Onyx was in charge of the Shadow walkers – with carefully concealed dread. Something was wrong. 
“I would appreciate the bed. I wonder if you are willing to join me at dinner?” he asked him then. Keros’ refusal to openly address his wish to talk told him that there had to be a stranger in the house. Most likely someone who had been wronged and sought the Hashisins’ assistance in his desire for justice, which was the Guild’s primary task in times of peace. Avenging angels: that was what they were called by some. Coldhearted assassins came a close second. It all depended on which side of the sword you found yourself. 
Keros gave a sharp nod and showed him to his room for the night. Ah, why couldn’t the Guild have taken a nobleman’s chamber as a model for their rooms. Even a servant’s room would have been a vast improvement over that – broom closet was the most flattering word he could come up with. 
Anyway, after having spent more than half of his life as a Hashisin he was used to it. He put his bed roll out of his ever-present bag of belongings and was ready for dinner.
Damn, his mother would have had his hide if he ever went to breakfast, lunch, or dinner without being spick and span. Face, hands, clothes, all of them had to pass his mother’s inspection before the three of them had been allowed to leave their rooms. By Nyx, he missed his mother. She had died way too early and he regretted that he hadn’t had the time to really get to know her. He wondered if he had made her proud. Deep down in his soul he felt his heart grieving for his mother, felt the longing to crawl in her lap like a little boy and ask her for comfort. But it was futile. She was gone. Like his brother. Resolutely he shoved these horrifying emotions into the deepest pit he could find within his soul and even built a dangerous wall of darkness built of his hatred around it. Overkill, yes, but if ever someone intruded his mind or soul, no one would see his weakness: not his helplessness, not his need for love, and not his futile wish to turn back the hands of time. 
He closed his eyes in desperation, covered his fiery emotions with a coat of ice, and went in search of some meal. 


Keros Tar-Borin stood at the window in the safe house’s hidden office and thought about his team leader. He knew the man behind the name, of course; knew what had happened to him. There couldn’t be any secrets in the Shadow squad as they were called. Their life depended on this mutual trust. 
He was worried about Onyx’s state of mind. What he had picked up of his leader’s emotions through his secondary Healer Talent didn’t bode well. Every seasoned Warrior and especially the Hashisins walked the line between good and bad; every meting out of justice, every death they had caused the inherent darkness in them to spread. They had to carefully watch the balance of their souls to not lose themselves in corruption and cruelty – and Onyx was close, too close. Whereas his power manifested itself in the color of the night at new moon, the goodness in him had always predominated. Now the corrupt darkness was almost on a par with the light that represented Onyx’s better part. The information Keros had unearthed three days ago sure wasn’t going to help in that respect. 
After Keros had received the order to look for recent murders of young women as markers for the Traitor’s location, a lot of things had become clear. One, the Traitor was even more debased than anyone would have thought possible; two, the rise in murders suddenly made sense; and three, the man must have help. Onyx would blow a gasket over this. Shit. 
Keros had no desire to face the Fire Elementar’s rage, not now, not ever. He had seen firsthand the destruction the man could cause. He shuddered. And lucky as he was, he had to be the one to tell him– he was the only one here in Iquis with the right clearance. 
He heard a soft knock on the door and turned to the door. “Yes?”
Onyx entered with a huge platter of food in hand. Keros briefly wondered where the man had got that amount of food – an hour ago their supplies had been down to bread and butter. And how the hell did the man even find this room? To his knowledge, Onyx had never been here before. Whatever. No more procrastinating; he was a Hashisin, for Sol’s sake. They feared nothing and no one. 
“So you’ve found everything to your satisfaction?” he asked his leader with a pointed look.
“Sure, your pantry is well stocked,” Onyx replied innocently. 
Keros shook his head and decided to let it go. He had a feeling that he wouldn’t like the answer. 
“I’ve got new intel on our number one enemy.” The Hashisin knew better than calling the murderer of Onyx’s family by his name. 
“I’ve got some news, too. Which is why I am here.”
Keros rolled his eyes. “I figured as much. So, who goes first?”
“Beauty before rank,” came the dry reply. At his questioningly look, Onyx deigned to explain himself. It wasn’t like him to hold back information. “For you to want to talk privately in a secure location, your intel must be serious.”
Keros smiled slightly. And this was why Onyx was team leader. The man had the uncanny ability to read and put together even the slightest and most inconspicuous of clues. 
“Yeah, it is in a way. We intercepted a letter that should have been delivered to a man called Daemb’har that confirms two passages to Imbra, departure set for tomorrow. 
“And this Daemb’har is?”
“Well, not so much a who as a what. How much Imbra’shil do you know?”
“Enough…” Onyx’s eyes got wide. “The little fucker! I’m going to tear that arrogant asshole to pieces! Rip off his head! And then I’m going to spit on the remains of his body!” Daemb’har was the Imbrian word for ‘Bender’ or ‘Tamer.’ 
Keros closed his eyes. The Fire power pervaded the whole room and reeked of aggression. At least Onyx had managed to keep his voice down. 
“Whatever made you search for the ‘Tamer,’ without it we would never have found him. We would have dismissed the letter and lost him forever.”
“No, not forever,” Onyx said menacingly. “Imbra is not that far away.” He halted again. “Did you say two passages?”
“Yes.”
Silence. 
Paper started to burn.
“He’s got an accomplice?”
Keros nodded. 
“Who?”
“The outcasts speak of a man waiting in the shadows. One said he heard Daemb’har calling him ‘Master’.”
A chair went up in flames. 
Onyx closed his eyes and balled his fists.
“Then it’s a good thing that I know exactly where to find the Traitor,” he said at last.
Keros blinked, stunned. How had he gotten this info when he had been on other side of the country?
“Come on, there is only one place to fit his need for privacy. One place that keeps him hidden from sight, that is soundproof, has enough space to house at least three people, and where there is no close-by neighborhood. Only one place in all of Iquis.”
“Fuck,” Keros exclaimed. “The Harbor Master’s Brig in the old marina.”
He took a deep breath and tried not to think about how often he had been close by the abandoned dungeon in the last weeks. How he had found the body of a twenty year old Esendri female not five minutes from the entrance. Fuck.
“When do we start the hunt?”
“Tomorrow morning at six. Bring everyone you can find. I won’t let the bastard leave Quiliaris alive!”





Chapter 10


Nia was woken by screams and yelling. Adrenaline was flooding her body and her power was at the ready. As much as her non-offensive power could be, that was. But even the most ‘harmless’ Elementars possessed a survival instinct that could turn even pleasure into pain when threatened. Something was very wrong. She just hoped nobody was hurt too badly – with Serabi gone, it would take time to get another Healer to the Hareem. 
She got up, dressed hurriedly with what was lying around – which in this case was her old, dirty working dress – and followed the noise. Directly to the infirmary. What the hell?
She raised her hand to open the door to the hospital wing, steeling herself for whatever she would find her, ready to calm down the situation, only to find herself being drawn to a rock-heart chest and suddenly having a big hand over her mouth. 
She tried to scream but the hand tightened. She twisted and turned in an effort to get loose, but it was in vain. She was trapped. 
Nia heard another scream behind the door and began her struggle anew. Whoever was hurt in there needed help. So she kicked the big man – it had to be a man given the build, strength, and tell-tale sweaty smell – in the shin, but the bear of a man didn’t even twitch. Instead the hand over her mouth lifted a bit and she inhaled deeply in preparation for a scream, but the very moment the high-pitched sound wanted to leave her mouth, the hand was back. And this time it covered not only her mouth but her nose, too. Panicking, she began to mindlessly kick against every surface she could reach, even tried to scratch the bastard, but it didn’t make any difference. The man didn’t seem fazed at all.
Suddenly she heard a very deep and very annoyed voice. “Keep still, you crazy woman. You go in there, you die!”
She blinked. He wanted to help her? What the hell? And why had that voice a familiar lilt to it? Surprised as she was, she stilled and the male voice whispered again. 
“I’m here to help, woman. Everyone in there is male – and carries a sword. Look!”
He lifted his arm from her upper body and put his forearm before her head. 
She stared at it dumbfounded and wondered what he thought she should see there.
“By Sol, woman. I said, look! The mark on my forearm. She said you were astute and smart, not the usual Hareema bimbo.”
Bimbo? Did the idiot just call her a bimbo? She would show him bimbo, she thought angrily. She twisted again and then she saw it. The mark he wanted her to see. A black sword with the coat of arms of Quiliaris at the hilt. The rude idiot was yet another Hashisin. Go figure. Did that shitty behavior come naturally to them or did they have to take special lessons for that? She strongly suspected the former. 
She rolled her eyes and calmed down. Maybe she could cut him some slack here. He had just spoken what most people thought about the Hareemas. 
“You going to scream if I withdraw my hand?”
She shook her head.
The hand disappeared. 
“Good girl. Maybe there is hope for you, yet.”
Arrogant asshole. 
Anyway, she took deep breaths to fill her lungs with precious air, then hissed, “What the hell is going on? Who’s in there?”
“Long story. And not important right now. Where is the Healer?”
Nia took a moment to gather her wits after his highhanded non-answer, but apparently that was a moment too long. 
“Answer me, damn woman, will you!”
“Listen, jerk, you can shove that attitude of yours where the sun doesn’t shine! You tell me what’s going on, right now!”
“I ask you only one more time: where is the Healer?” This time she felt the tip of a very sharp dagger at her throat. The man sure wasn’t patient.
“Fuck you. Go find another Healer. Or not. The world would definitely be a much better and more polite place without you in it!” She kicked him once again, just because. “What is it with you Hashisins that you can’t discuss things without a weapon? You know, like normal people,” she muttered under her breath. 
He ignored both her kick and her insults. Instead Nia felt the dagger break her skin and draw blood. Where the hell was her survival instinct when she needed it? On the other hand, he was most likely bluffing. Her power reacted to the needs, desires, and wishes of others, and it didn’t even twitch. She just hoped her death was any of the above to him; if it was a mere necessity, then her power wouldn’t be able to pick up on it. And then she was screwed. 
“And here I thought Hareemas aimed to please. I demand an answer, woman!”
She glared at him and shut her mouth in defiance. 
He stared at her in disbelief. “You stubborn chit! Answer my damn question!” Now his voice held a coldness that promised retribution if she didn’t comply. She realized then that he had been nice to her before. Well, his definition of nice. 
She gulped. “The Healer isn’t here. She went on a trip to see her family a week ago.” For whatever reason he wanted to know Serabi’s whereabouts, she wasn’t going to tell him the truth before he hadn’t answered at least some of her questions.
“Try again. She was here four days ago and she most certainly isn’t visiting her family,” he drawled. “I’ m a Hashisin, for Sol’s sake. I’m one of the good guys here! The bad ones are all in there and dying for their foolish endeavor of killing a Healer of the Guild.”
“By the Gods, there is so much wrong with this sentence, I don’t know where to start. First, she isn’t your Healer, but mine. Second, I highly doubt that a Hashisin would threaten me with a sharp weapon to get what he wanted, Kri-Amra or not. I don’t know you and you’ve given me no reason to trust you. Third, how would you know where she would or wouldn’t go? It doesn’t matter, though. Like I said, she isn’t here!” 
He blinked. “Now I know why she is so fond of you. You are just like her!” 
Why was it that his compliment sounded suspiciously like an accusation, she wondered. 
“She is really gone?” he asked then, with something like hope in his voice. 
Then the noise suddenly quieted down and the door opened with a creak. Out came a bunch of really big Warrior, all dressed in their favorite non-color: black. Judging by their fierce smiles, they had the situation under control. 
“Assignment accomplished, Master Blade.”
Ah, her capturer had a name then. Blade. A lousy name for a Hashisin, Nia thought. She had somewhat liked the other one better. Onyx was way more mysterious than and not as blatant as Blade. She harrumphed. And she had thought Onyx rude. Compared to the brutal oaf behind, er, next to her –when he had gotten there? – he was a paragon of politeness and courteousness. 
Blade looked skeptically at his men. “Where is the merc? I made myself pretty clear on that one, didn’t I?”
“No need to fret, Weapons Master. Here he is. It just took some time to truss him up – for whatever reason, he was a bit uncooperative.”
Blade smirked. “Yeah, I can imagine. So?”
“So he says he was out for the bounty. It was nothing personal.”
“You believe him?”
The Warrior who dragged his bound and gagged hostage behind him, tilted his head questioningly. “Really?”
“Yeah, yeah. Sorry. Old habits die hard – you know, rules five to thirty-three: never believe something at face value.”
“You seem to get old, Weapons Master. It’s five to thirty-four,” another one quipped. 
“At least I know how to tie someone up without having to rob the interior,” he drawled, pointing to the curtain cord around the unfortunate merc. 
The men chuckled at the jab and the man in question went red and shrugged, “Better be safe than sorry.”
Blade turned to Nia. “See, we are the good guys. Now, where is the Healer? And the truth this time!”
He must have given a secret sign, because suddenly Nia was surrounded by combat-ready Warriors. And they looked grim, real grim. 
For the first time tonight she was really afraid. Even her survival instinct had finally kicked in. It seemed their reputation as the deadliest Warriors was not only for show. 
“I’ve told you already, so stop intimidating me. She isn’t here!”
“Where did she go?”
“To her fam…”
“The truth,” he warned her and she felt his sword at her throat again. 
“Bully,” she muttered. “Why do you need to know, anyway? I promise she is safe. Or as safe as she can be given the circumstances.”
“It matters because these,” he waved in the direction of the infirmary, “are not the only ones out for her. I need to know where I can find her. She must be protected at all costs.”
“Yeah, well, she does have protection already.”
“One of your men, lady? Because no offense, but they are no match for those mercs. Their honor blinds them to the machinations of those without it.” 
“No offense taken, Warrior. But her guard is not one of mine.”
“By Sol, woman, don’t make me worm all the facts out of you! Cut the bullshit and give me a straight answer! Who is her guard then?” Blade was yelling now.
“Oh, calm down, would you? It’s one of yours!”
“Huh?” Blade’s disbelief was mirrored by the dumbfounded expressions of his fellow men. 
“You heard me,” she said. You’d think they would be happy that one of their own was with her precious Healer? 
“Who?” he asked her angrily. “And where the fuck did they go?”
“By Sol, how crude can you get? And she is with Onyx!”
“Onyx? How? What?” he stammered. It was amusing as hell to see the man so confused. She had a feeling that she was witnessing something epic here.
“He delivered a letter one night and somehow ended up her guard for her trip.” Nia shrugged. Anyone familiar with Serabi knew that was more than possible. The woman always got what she wanted. 
“Sounds like her.” Blade sighed. “Anyway, that’s good. Onyx is one of the best we have. Thank Sol, one thing less to worry about. So where did they go? And don’t give me that family shit again.”
“Which you know is shit, why exactly?” Nia challenged him.
He sighed, exasperated. “Because I’m her brother? And she wouldn’t dare go home without me.”
“Oh.”
“Yes, oh! So?”
“Ah, that’s why your voice sounded so familiar,” Nia said absentmindedly. “As for the where, they are heading to Iquis. They departed three days ago.”
“Iquis? Iquis? You let my sister go to Iquis? With Onyx? Are you batshit crazy?” Now he yelled. Loud. Real loud. 
“What do you want from me? All she said was that someone put a warrant on her for something she had seen. And that she’d be safe with a guard, because, and I quote, ‘they liked their work easy come, easy go!’”
“Arrrgghh!” Blade ruffled his hair. “Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!” He punched his fist into the wooden panels of the wall behind him, cursed some more, then suddenly went utterly still. When he turned back, there was a cruel coldness in his eyes that made Nia shiver in fear. “Take care of the perp and then get ready. Departure in two hours. We are travelling light.”
“Yes, sir!” his men replied unison.
“What? Wait! Where are you going? And who is going to clean up the mess in there? I, for one, do not want to explain to Serabi why her beloved infirmary is in ruins!”
“I’ll send a clean-up crew. And where do you think we are going? Iquis, of course. Because my dumb sister had to go to the most dangerous place in all of Quiliaris for her!”
He marched down the flight to the main entrance. Nia ran after him. 
“Wait! Wait!”
“What?”
“I’m going with you.”
He stared at her, stunned. “Not only no, but hell no!”
“Hell, yes! You’ll need someone to distract her after you told her to stay put while you are out chasing…whoever it is you are chasing!” She looked at him smugly. 
“Put that way… Only on one condition, though: you do as I say when I say it; no complaints, no whining, no nothing; and you only speak when spoken to. We are riding on horseback, without pause. One wrong word from you and I’ll throw you off and leave you where you are. Got that?”
She looked at him innocently. “Understood.” The asshole wouldn’t know what hit him when they arrived in Limenis.
She turned and went back up the stairs without further comment. There was a lot to do before her departure. 
“Two hours! You better be ready then, because I won’t wait for anyone!” Blade shouted after her. 





Chapter 11


Shortly before sunrise Onyx and Keros met with a handful of other Warriors the Earth Elementar had roped in. Not that they needed to be convinced. After the word ‘hunt,’ the rest of Keros’ words had been drowned in deafening cheers. Except for the recent murders, Limenis was a pretty quiet city. As were all the capitals. Interesting things always happened elsewhere. 
Onyx gave the men the run-down and reminded them of their main objective. “We surround the dungeon, block all entrances, and then we enter the house. But remember: the Traitor is mine. Mine alone. You are welcome to everyone else though! And no taking hostages; not this time.”
The men nodded and checked their equipment – weapons, weapons, and more weapons – one last time. Rule four: always make sure you have all you need close to you – in perfect condition – or you die. Yes, the life of a Hashisin was really light-hearted and upbeat. Good thing all of them thrived on battle, blood, gore, and the satisfaction of making the world a better, a safer place. 
As one they left the safe house. Only to be stopped in their tracks right outside the door. 
“You didn’t really want us to miss out on all the fun, did you?” Blade drawled, standing a few yards away, leaning on his sword. 
“What fun?” Onyx asked back. He didn’t betray any of his surprise. How the hell had his friend known what he was up to? He hadn’t told anyone. Onyx looked questioningly at Keros. But the Earth Elementar looked as surprised as the rest of the men.
Blade rolled his eyes. “Don’t even try it – we are coming with you, and that’s that.”
Onyx sighed. Ten minutes later and they would have been gone. Sure, Blade was a great asset in every battle, but the man had the annoying habit of trying to take control of everything. “If you must,” he sighed. It was better to concede defeat now. Blade was even more stubborn than him. A family trait, it seemed. “How did you know?”
“Well, somebody went and tried to kill my precious Healer sister three and a half days ago – which pissed me off to no end. Especially when I realized that she wasn’t even there. What do they teach those mercs nowadays? Ten years back something like that would never have happened. Anyway, a little bird told me where I would find her and with whom. Which pissed me off even more. What have you been thinking bringing her here?”
“Calm down, will you? She had already planned that trip and wouldn’t change her mind. You of all people should know what she can be like!” Onyx sure wasn’t going to admit that he had invited himself along; not that Serabi would have changed her mind otherwise, but at least she would have thought twice before going. 
Blade wiped a hand down his face. “Yeah, yeah, I know. Stubborn wench,” he muttered. “Who is with her now? Surely you didn’t leave her all by herself?”
“Duh, show some faith, will you? I might not have been the most rational of men the last months but I do know how to do my job properly, dimwit!”
“What is it with people calling me names lately? I am a nice, amiable person, for Sol’s sake!”
Onyx tilted his head questioningly and then smirked. “Oh, someone’s ego got hurt… need a hug?”
“Go fuck yourself, Onyx. That shrew is the Gods’ punishment for every sin a man could ever commit. Sol bless the poor soul that ends up with her!” He shuddered. “So, where is my sister?”
“Safe and sound at the tavern near Master Carbin’s with three men watching over her. When she is done, I gave orders to bring her here.”
“Good.” He turned and motioned to one of his man. “You heard him – bring the foulmouthed shrew to my sister. Maybe female company will get her in a better mood!”
“I’m not a shrew, you arrogant, highhanded bastard! You just got what you deserved for treating me like a dog, you brawny jerk!”
Onyx blinked. He knew that voice. “What the hell, Blade?”
“My sister should take more care in choosing her friends, is all I’m going to say about this. For years I’m telling her to go for someone gentle and obedient, but she goes on befriending the stubborn and opinionated ones! I just don’t get what she sees in them,” he said gruffly.
Onyx shrugged. “Ah, your sister always liked a challenge. Contrary to you, she has no fondness for sheep.”
“Sheep? Sheep? You do realize you are my friend, too?”
“Yes, but I’m the exception to the rule. For the most part, you like your life quiet and calm.”
“Look who’s talking, idiot,” Blade shot back, miffed. 
“Takes one to know one, honey,” came the smug answer. 
Onyx saw the dark of the night changing into grey. It was time to get moving. He straightened and assumed his battle stance once more. He decided to ignore the Hareema thing for the time being. At the moment, his focus was on carnage, not pleasure. “Well, it’s getting late; we have to move. Get the woman to the Healer and join us afterwards. The more, the merrier, right? Let’s go!”
“Sorry, sir, but where exactly should we join you?” a Warrior asked from the back. Most likely the unfortunate individual who had to deliver the uncooperative little wildcat he had spotted over there. 
Since he wasn’t going to give anything away out here in the open, Onyx switched to Elhrasin, the long forgotten language of old that was now the secret language of the Hashisins. “The old Harbor Master’s Brig. Go to the hidden exit on the left side of the building. It’s between the only two little windows; the brick stones are just a cover for a steel door.”
The man nodded at him and went to execute his orders accompanied by the rants of an irate female. After the yelling stopped, the men’s amusement vanished and they focused on their task. They took the time to send a prayer to the Gods asking for benevolence. Onyx had a feeling that they would need it. 
And then they were off.


Serabi woke up when someone knocked repeatedly on her door and refused to go away. She slowly opened her eyes and tried to get her head into working order. The six days on the road had taken their toll, it seemed. Damn Onyx for his fast pace without ever stopping. The only time her driver and she were allowed a pause was for a call of nature – you’d think the horses would have given up at some point, but no. Somehow they kept going. And going. At their arrival they had been in a better condition than the humans they had carried. And she knew because she had checked up on them. Repeatedly.
“I’m up! I’m up!” she shouted as she made her way over to the door. “By Sol, this better be good!” she muttered bad-tempered. 
She got up and threw on her travelling robe – ugh, the way the thing smelled it needed to be burned – and stomped to the door. “What is it?”
“Good morning to you too, sunshine,” she heard Nia’s disgustingly happy voice. 
Serabi blinked and slammed the door. She had to be dreaming. No way Nia would be here in Iquis with a pissed off Warrior standing behind her.
The door opened and Nia stumbled in. In the background she heard the fading muttering of the Warrior. “Good riddance, you nagging shrew. May the Gods be kind and never let you cross my path again!”
Serabi gave a light laugh. “Making friends, Nia?”
“Left and right, sweetie.”
“What are you doing here? And why the escort?”
“Well, there had been some trouble at the Hareem and the nice and helpful Hashisins that appeared out of nowhere thought it best that I leave the city for the time being.” She put on her best innocent face. That wasn’t really a lie, was it?
Serabi stared at her, confused. Then she sighed. “What kind of trouble, Nia?”
Silence. 
Nia suddenly appeared very interested in the somewhat shabby but functional interior of the room. “When is breakfast?” the Hareema asked. “Because I’m starving. Those Warriors don’t seem to care much for regular meals. Or rest, for that matter.”
Serabi sighed some more. “Only when they’re in a hurry. And you didn’t answer my question. What kind of trouble was there, Nia?”
“Oh, all right.” Nia threw up her hands and gave in. Judging by the murderous look on the Healer’s face, she’d already guessed. “The mercenary kind. Some idiots thought it a good idea to club down our guards and try to get to you. Not that they came far. That brother of yours and his fellows were already on to them and ended their little adventure. For good.”
“My brother was in Ter? At the Hareem? And now he’s here in Iquis? What the…?” She screamed in frustration and anger. “This is bad; real bad!” she said when she had calmed down a bit. “For Sol’s sake, why did you have to tell him?”
“Why I told him? Duh, maybe because your brother is a scary asshole? One that broke the skin at my throat with his sword? More than once?”
“He did what?”
“Here, have a look!” Nia exclaimed and opened her robe. “Your brother makes Onyx look like a decent man with impeccable manners! Which I frankly thought an impossible feat to achieve. Are you sure you are blood?”
“Yeah, I am. I mean, look at him; there’s no denying that.”
“Don’t know, don’t care. I wasn’t exactly interested in his appearance. Not that there was much to see with their hoods. Anyway, I am to accompany you to the vendor and then we are escorted to something called a ‘safe house.’ Decrepit pigsty is more like it if you ask me.”
“Why would we need the safe hou…Oh no! No way! He wouldn’t dare; he wouldn’t!” the Healer blew a fuse all of a sudden.
“He wouldn’t do what? And whom are we talking about?”
“Putting me under lock and key, while those morons are out hunting! And with morons I mean the two idiots in charge! Now I have to hurry my purchases! I just hope that they have at least the essentials at the house! This was supposed to be a nice little shopping trip! These bastards!”
Nia looked at her friend in shock. She had never heard her speak that way. Nor did she know that the Healer had it in her to be so…common.
“Care to explain what this is all about? ‘Cause I really don’t get why you are so upset about them doing their work?”
“Oh no, they are not just doing their work – that’s the problem. They are out hunting scum, which means injuries and blood and pain. And who is going to stitch them up, huh? Me, that’s who! They know that I hate, absolutely hate, to work in my free time. Want to know what’s the worst thing about all that? Onyx sure has his reasons to go after his prey, even if they are pretty far away from any logic or sanity – but him I’ll be willing to forgive considering the circumstances. But my brother, my righteous macho brother, had to go and join the death squad, because – and that is even more stupid than Onyx’s need for revenge – because he thinks he has to protect me. Protect. Me. When is he going to learn that I don’t need his stupid protection? I can take care of myself just fine!” 
On and on went her tirade. Nia wasn’t sure whether to be offended or scandalized or amused. One thing was for sure, though: she got quite the education here. Nia hadn’t known that there even existed that many synonyms of ‘moron, idiot, jerk, bastard, and dimwit.’ She stared at the Healer in utter awe. Wow. Just, wow.
Eventually Serabi calmed down. She changed into a fresh dress, put her hair in her customary bun, and then walked to the door. “It’s time for breakfast now. We need to hurry to get everything done before they are back.”
Nia blinked at the woman’s sudden change in mood and followed her warily. Now that was downright scary. And there she had thought she had already seen the worst of her friend when Serabi had gone after one particular nasty suitor of one of their girls a few years back. Apparently not. 
Now she knew why Blade had given in so fast when she wanted to come. Damn, she needed to make sure that she was nowhere in the vicinity when some really, really unfortunate individual was telling her about her infirmary. Nia swallowed. Well, the poor brave bugger would die a martyr at least. 





Chapter 12


The men were already in the building when Onyx realized that something was wrong. His power had detected a strange presence in the dungeon, somewhere below them. And it was powerful. The kind of powerful that made the hairs on his neck stand up. The kind that was cold and cutting and dangerous. The kind that spoke of an Elementar who had been consumed by his power. Fuck.
Whoever that was, he had to die because there was nothing human left in him. But first, Onyx had to warn his team. That person – and it wasn’t Benali, because cruelty and sadism was very much a trait of humanity however abhorrent it was – would annihilate them without a second thought. Not out of spite but because that’s what you did with roaches. Or any other creature beneath your notice. But the worst thing was that the power seemed familiar. Meaning the rogue was another Fire Elementar. 
Theirs was the most unstable elemental power of all and whereas the Earth, Water, and Wind rogues could easily be brought down by a strong Fire Elementar – or two, in special cases – a Fire rogue was almost unstoppable. Only a member of the Royal House of Fire, which were those who had the greatest amount of power at their disposal of every Element, could ever hope to defeat such an opponent. The only other alternative was to wait until the body of the rogue gave out under the increasing pressure of the Fire in his soul. Which was so not an option in this case. Double Fuck.
No, Onyx thought; he couldn’t afford to think like that. He had to believe that he could do it. He was a member of the Royal House, after all. 
He took a deep long breath and closed his eyes for a second. He withdrew deep within his soul and put up impenetrable walls of steely determination around his power. Which immediately reacted to its narrow confinement. Onyx felt his Fire’s pressure rise and rise, felt its agitation, because though under his command it had a will and sentience of its own. It was strange and he had often wondered why their powers had been created that way, but a wise woman had once told him that this was the price humans had to pay for wielding part of the Gods’ powers. 
He felt his Fire pushing angrily against the walls. Good. He needed the whole angry destructive force of it, ready to explode, to take out that rogue. He felt the air around him heating up and knew it was time to move. 
He motioned the men behind him to gather and told them in a low voice, “We need to be careful. Contact the others and tell them there’s a rogue in here. No heroics, boys! I want this shit be over and done with – and I sure as hell don’t want to set any dead bodies on fire. Except for the target, that is. Understood?” 
They nodded and he ordered them to build teams of two and stay the hell together. 
It was one thing for him to die today – if it was the only way to redeem himself, then so be it if it meant the Traitor was finally dead – but he refused to sacrifice anyone else. 
All of them had a life and families waiting for them. No one was waiting for him. His niece and nephew didn’t need him and his brother was well able to rule over Pyras until Tarek, the Heir, was of age. His friends would grieve for him, yes, but they would get over it as it was the way of the Warriors, the way of the Hashisins to die an early death. Because of this, he had never looked for a woman to call his own. Most times that fact made him sad, but today…today he was glad. He wouldn’t leave anyone behind to mourn him.
They found the stairs down into the deep bowel of the dungeon and waited for Blade’s team. They arrived a minute later and his friend shot him a knowing look. 
“You felt it, too?” he whispered.
Onyx just stared at him and gave a short nod. 
“You think it’s him?”
“No. He’s powerful yes, but not more than average. The only reason he survived at court was because his Talent allowed him manipulate and charm the people around him. And of course there were his excellent business skills. The man sure improved our lives. This rogue must be the one referred to as ‘Master.’ It figures that the bastard would have found a powerful protector – regardless of where this strength comes from.”
“Your plan?”
“No taking the lead, Blade?”
“I’m not a fool. I know when I have no chance to win. So?”
“So, we need to get take them by surprise. Tell everyone to hold in their power. That way we might have a chance to sneak up on them and end this farce once and for all.”
Blade turned and gave the order to the men behind them. A second later it was as if they had vanished. The sole giveaway of their presence had been the faint traces of power in the air around them – every Hashisin learned early on in their apprenticeship to keep his power inside – and even that only because they had used some of it to conceal themselves. 
Onyx and Keros used some of their innate ability to walk the shadows to support the others who needed to concentrate hard to achieve the same and added a layer of impenetrable darkness to make them utterly invisible. Together the Hashisins moved down the stairs; slowly, carefully, without ever making a sound. 
When they reached the bottom, they stood on front of two tunnels. Blade and Onyx looked at each other and silently decided to split up. After years of friendship, apprenticeship, and fighting together words were not needed between them. Plus, from what they had seen on the dungeon’s map, the two paths would meet again in the execution hall.
Keros went with Blade as he was the only other Shadow Walker in their group to keep Blade’s team hidden from sight. Onyx just hoped that he’d find their prey first – he had no desire whatsoever to stand before Serabi telling her she had lost yet another sibling to the monstrosity that he had once considered loyal to their House. 
Fifteen minutes later, they stopped short before the ‘Bloody Hall.’ Onyx heard their prey now. One of them was whispering agitatedly. With utmost care and using every trick in the book he knew of, he veiled his power and let it spread to find out if Blade was somewhere in the vicinity. And he was. Around the corner of the second tunnel, the other team lay in wait. A feral smile appeared on Onyx’s face. The bastard wouldn’t know what hit him. 
Stealthily his team moved into the room, still invisible to human eyes. There, in the middle of Hall, stood his nemesis. To his right, there were two travelling bags, packed to the brim; to his left, the ‘Master.’ 
Onyx inwardly recoiled from the sheer power that emanated from him. Now, in close vicinity of the rogue, he was able to feel the full impact of the man’s power. And it almost made him buckle. The pressure of that cold Fire, so devoid of any of its usual warmth – Onyx had never felt anything like it. It was as if everything human, good and bad, was absent as if it had never existed at all; the only thing left was a hunger for power so great that it wouldn’t ever be satisfied. 
He swallowed and fought. Fought against the pressure, the allure of that unfathomable power, fought against himself and his weakness of mind. He tried to balance himself, reminded himself of his objective, reminded himself of all the carnage those two were responsible for – but it was hard, so hard. He called out for help to his Goddess, hoped that she would hear him and answer. He felt the walls around his power cracking, felt his Fire’s desire, its need, to merge with the pure power it sensed before it. 
He was already consigning himself to the thought that this was it then, when suddenly the image of a boy appeared in his mind. Maris. He was laughing about something and his eyes sparkled with mirth. Another image. Maris, pulling him out of a pond. The next one. Maris and him on the day they made the tryouts. Faster and faster the images came now. The day their apprenticeship ended. Maris’ coronation. The birth of the twins and Maris’ pride in them. Maris and him mock fighting for his niece, eliciting one of her rare, shy smiles. The girl’s open joy when he had given her a new set of clothes for her birthday. Encounters with friends. And last, the image of a lively, beautiful redhead demanding his name. Nia. 
His soul had gradually warmed at the memories – they reminded him that blood and gore and death weren’t the only things in his world. There were a lot of good things there, too; things that it was worth living for. 
Suddenly he could think again. Gone were the pressure and temptation to give in. The heavy fog of the depression he had suffered from ever since he lost his brother finally lifted. He could breathe again. For the first time in six months he could breathe again. 
Deciding that it was time to act because if he was affected that much the others must be even worse off, he dropped the black veil that kept them from discovery and gave a battle cry that managed to startle his men out of their stupor. Thanks to their hard and brutal training, instinct took over and all of them attacked as one. No one was going to hurt one of theirs with a still alive Hashisin next to him. 
The next minutes passed in a clash of swords and power, the Traitor and his still faceless ‘Master’ dodging every attack with ease. Then the cavalry arrived. Unfortunately it wasn’t theirs. The Hall was suddenly swarmed with mercs of every kind. And they were out for blood. 
But so were the Hashisins. Fueled by the realization that they had to have overpowered the men at the entrance, the elite Warriors stepped up their game. Now they were pissed – a state that smart people knew to avoid. 
The Warriors changed tack and then spread evenly around the Hall. This way not a single enemy would be able to escape their swords. Concentrating on one man at a time, they made short work with their opponents who appeared like they didn’t know what hit them. Left and right the dead bodies fell to the ground and went up in flames, courtesy of Onyx. Who was only one merc away from the Traitor and his ‘Master.’ 
When the last obstacle between him and his target fell, Onyx drew back his sword arm and gathered his power. Finally.
Redemption. 
Revenge.
Justice.
He closed his eyes. Then he let go. He felt his sword and power meet their target.
It was done. 
When he opened his eyes again, Onyx looked at the beheaded body of the Traitor in front of him. Then he looked at the place where the Master had been standing.
He blinked in confusion. 
Instead of the remains of two very dead men, he found nothing but a letter. Nailed to the ground with a ceremonial dagger of the House of Pyr. It had been his brother’s. 
Four words were written on the crumpled sheet: Too little, too late. 
Onyx looked at Blade who was equally puzzled. 
What the fuck?





Chapter 13


“What do you think when they’ll be back?” Nia asked Serabi on their way over to Master Carbin’s shop around nine in the morning. 
“Don’t know, don’t care. Most likely when they are done,” came Serabi’s gruff reply. 
The Healer was still fuming, then. Nia sighed. That was going to be a long day. 
“Aren’t you worried?”
“Worried? No. They are Warriors, and Hashisins at that – I have to trust them to know what they are doing. And so far they always made it back to me.”
“So you are angry, because…?”
“Because my idiot brother and his moron of a best friend are out doing something rash? And leave me with three watchdogs who are miffed because they have to stay here, far away from any action?”
Nia stared at the Healer, bewildered. There were three guards? She had seen one so far; and only because he had waited for them in plain sight in front of the tavern. 
Anyway, Nia thought it best to keep her mouth shut after that. Not that she minded. She had never been to Limenis before and was pleased by what she saw. Its architecture was simply breathtaking; the intricate carvings that adorned the houses were quite a contrast to the plain whitewashed style the Earth kingdom preferred. Hm, those carvings would look gorgeous in the Hareem. She had to look into available contractors when she was back home. 
A few minutes later they arrived at Master Carbin’s and Serabi took a deep breath. 
“And remember, keep quiet. Don’t speak until you are spoken to. And don’t let whatever he’s going to say faze you. He is just a crotchety old man with less manners than an ogre.”
“But…”
“Oh, forget what I just said. All you got to do is stand there looking pretty and nod at the appropriate moments. You open your mouth and he won’t ever do business with me again!”
At Nia’s bewildered face, Serabi added, “Please?”
Nia shook her head and promised to do as she was ordered. Damn, the Healer must be really out of whack, for her to use ‘Please’ the second time now in as many weeks. 
Serabi opened the door and entered. Nia followed her to the counter and then went to the side and looked around. The smell in there was…disgusting. Nia hadn’t known what to expect from a herbs shop, but that wasn’t it. There had been no need to tell her to keep her mouth shut - no offense could be bad enough for her to chance breathing in more of that, that…awful stench. Did the man sell dead rats and foul fish, for Sol’s sake? 
She heard the smarmy voice of a true salesman call from somewhere at the back of the shop. “I’m coming! Feel free to take a look!”
Serabi suddenly sported an evil little grin. Capricious much?
A weathered old man appeared at the counter then, a smile pasted on his lips and showing just a little too much teeth for Nia to believe his nice and friendly demeanor. 
He dusted off his hands and said, “What can I help you wi…?” 
Suddenly his face went purple and out of nowhere the man started to yell. Loud. 
“You? You? How dare you enter my shop? I told you Iast time I won’t ever sell anything to you as long as I live, you old, wrinkled, foul mouthed, nagging evil hag!”
“Oh, you are one to speak, you fraudulent, money-grubbing, sleazy shark!”
“You ancient bitch!”
“Evil demon!”
And on they went. Nia stood there gaping as the two people’s bickering went hence and forth (as Serabi had told her once, anything less than throwing things was merely bickering). Unbelievable.
Exactly thirty minutes later the two squabbling idiots suddenly stopped. Both took a deep breath, stretched some, and then Master Carbin said calmly, “So, how much potion did you bring and what do you want to have for it in exchange?”
Serabi produced a list of herbs from the pocket of her robe and laid it on the counter. “I’ve got three big bottles with me. So?”
Carbin took the list and studied it carefully. “I don’t have the amount of lilac in stock, but I’ll be in Ter Sentra in a month from now. Would that do?”
“Sounds great.”
Ten minutes later they were done and Carbin promised to deliver everything in the afternoon. 
After they had left and were on their way to the safe house, Nia finally gave in to her curiosity. 
“What the heck was that?”
“That, my friend, just saved you at least fifty gold coins.”
“Pardon me?”
Serabi sighed. “Carbin has quite the reputation and most people are afraid of him. I, on the other hand, never had that problem. When we first met, he tried to take me to the cleaners and I called him on it. And not too politely.” The Healer grinned and shrugged when she noticed Nia’s astounded expression. “You met my brother, didn’t you? He taught me well.”
“But…”
“It’s Carbin’s way to connect with people. It’s either this or haggling for all you’re worth for hours on end. I chose the less time-consuming alternative. And see, I’m in a better mood now.”
Nia opened her mouth to protest but closed it again instead. What was there to say? All of Serabi’s simmering aggression had vanished. 
They reached their new accommodation shortly afterwards and were brought into a spacious room full of books. Serabi busied herself with setting up a make-shift infirmary and Nia picked the thickest tome she could find from the shelves. The History of Quiliaris. Perfect. 
This was it then. All they could do now was wait. 


The men returned in the late afternoon. They had searched for the Traitor and his Master but found nothing. Five hours in, Keros had finally been able to come up with some intel. One of the old fishermen who spent their days watching ships enter port and sail away told him that he had seen two men fitting his rather vague description board the ‘Golden Sun,’ a large cargo ship heading to Imbra. They had been in a hurry, but the bigger man had turned around before he had vanished on the ship and looked in the direction of the old marina. And then he had put back his head and laughed. And laughed. The old man had sent a prayer to Sol after that, because ‘that man was evil, pure evil. And I hope he’ll never ever come back here.’ Keros had asked if the fisherman could give him a description of said man, but to no avail. All the man remembered was the cruel darkness that seemed to follow that man. 
Disappointed, the team eventually decided to give up and went back to the safe house. The guards on duty informed them that the women were waiting in the library, so Blade and Onyx sneaked in through a hidden entrance in the back to get a chance to debrief in peace before dealing with the just ire of not one, but two head-strong females. 
“What the fuck was that? I felt the rogue’s power nearby. As well as the presence of another Fire Elementar!” Blade said, enraged. Hashisins didn’t fail in their tasks. Never. That was not who they were. 
“Yeah, I know. The only explanation I can come up with is that they knew we were coming and that the bastard used his Illusion Talent to trick us. They’ve already been long gone by the time we even entered the Brig. And if the ‘Master’ has only a smidge of a charm ability at his disposal it would have been easy for him to keep up the illusion from further away.”
Blade thought that through and nodded eventually. “Yeah, that makes sense. What now? You can’t follow them to Imbra!”
Onyx tilted his head and regarded his friend, puzzled. “I don’t need to follow him. I just have to wait until he comes back.”
“Why would he do that? That would be suicidal, not to mention stupid. And Benali might be a lot of things, but he isn’t an idiot. So what gives?”
“No, he isn’t an idiot, quite the opposite really. But he has one flaw – his arrogance. He deliberately taunted me, us, with this letter. And he knows that I have to stay put at the moment.”
“But that doesn’t necessarily mean that he is going to return. I’m sure he’ll find a lot of willing Imbra’ilis to venture into Quiliaris and go after you.”
Onyx thought about that, but his gut feeling said no. “Nah, where would be the honor in that? His objective was, is, to take over the throne – the people won’t follow him if he can’t prove he is stronger than the royal line.”
At the mentioning of the blood line, Blade got suddenly very still. 
“You know that he doesn’t have to fight you to show that, right?”
Onyx stared at his friend, puzzled, but then the meaning of the words hit him. Pure hatred showed in his eyes and his body tensed. Even his Fire was noticeable in the air. “He wouldn’t dare. And he’d have to enter the country to annihilate the direct line, so we are back to me waiting for him.”
“I wouldn’t count on it. Yes, he would have to fight you somewhere along the way, but if you found your death in battle and with twins already gone, who would stop him? Kara is no Warrior, you know that. He’ll choose to stay alive and do the best he can for the people.”
“I, I,…Oh fuck.” Onyx ran his hand down his face. For a short moment, anguish and exhaustion showed clearly on his face. “Anyway, we’ll just have to wait and see for the moment. However, I’m sending a message tomorrow to up security at Altahir. The children must survive. At all costs. If the House of An-Pyr falls, then the rest of the kingdoms will follow. None of them has the strength to fight the Sun people.”
“All right. What should I tell the men? They will ask questions.”
“The truth. What else?”
“Well, I know how hard the whole situation is on you. I just thought that…Never mind. Forget that I even asked.” Blade gave a worried sigh. 
“Thanks for the suggestion. I appreciate your concern, my friend, I really do. And I’d sure be happier if I didn’t have to make this particular failure public but…” He shrugged. “But I won’t keep vital information to myself because of my pride. I would never forgive myself if someone died because he didn’t know what to expect.”
“I know. Believe me, I know.”
For a minute or two both just stood there, silent. There was nothing left to say.
At last Onyx said with a little smile, “Ready for the lion’s den, then?”
Blade made a face. “Do we really need to? I mean we could just venture into Imbra instead – or be off on any other assignment that is coming our way. There must be someone in need of our help?” Blade even gave him his patented puppy dog look.
Onyx grinned. “Really? You are giving me that look?”
“It was worth a try,” Blade grumbled.
“You mean that look actually works?”
“Of course it does; I find people are extremely susceptible to it. Except for you and my sister, that is. Anyone else has fallen for it sometime or other.” A sigh. “So, what about Imbra?”
Onyx rolled his eyes. It amused him to no end that the Guild’s current Weapons Master who faced an army singlehandedly with a feral grin on his face, was afraid of his Healer sister. And a little Hareema. Which reminded him. 
“Serabi I get; your sister is downright evil when riled, but the Hareema? What did she do to you?”
First Blade went red, then a distinctly menacing look appeared on his handsome face. Onyx knew that look – it was the last one any enemy who had been dumb enough to attack the Hashisin got to see in this world. Wow, he thought, the Hareema really knew how to make friends. His interest in her grew yet another notch. “So?”
“She did nothing to me. She is but a wisp of a girl.”
“Been calling you names, hasn’t she?”
Blade went red again. By Nyx, Nia was on the fast track to be his new best friend. Anyone who could make Blade change color more than once in a decade was. 
“That’s what I thought.” He smirked. “Got to give it to her, she is extremely creative.”
Blade shot him a glare, then tilted his head questioningly. Suddenly a grin spread over his face. “Ah, I see. Been on the receiving end of her creativity, too?”
Onyx chuckled. “You could say that. It was quite a new experience to get insulted rather than praised after saving someone’s life.”
“Nia the Grateful,” Blade drawled. “Maybe we should introduce her to Lightning. Now that would be a show!”
Both laughed at the image of the steady and focused Captain of the Guild being subject to one of the Hareema’s rants. At the thought of the Captain, he sobered, though.
“Enough prevaricating. They are just two women and we are Hashisins, for Nyx’s sake!”
“If we must…”
Onyx shoved his reluctant friend out of the room. “Move, will you? Imagine what it will do to our reputation if anyone finds out we are afraid of a Healer and a Hareema.”
“Put that way…let’s get this over with!”





Chapter 14


Lion’s den. What an apt word for they had been walking into. They had gotten so reamed out. Onyx had gotten off easier than Blade though; Serabi had cut him some slack for ‘extenuating circumstances’ – whatever that meant – but his friend…his friend’s ears still rang from the tongue-lashing his sister had given him. Damn, that woman could be downright evil. And when Blade had tried to defend himself, that is daring to talk back to her, the Hareema had joined in and told him off like a naughty little boy. She had just stopped short of sending him to bed without dinner. Come to think of it, maybe she had done that, too. Onyx grinned. Nia was quite the spitfire for someone whose Talent lay with giving pleasure. 
It was close to midnight now and he was sitting on the roof of the safe house and thought about what had gone down today.
He would never forget the moment he had realized that he had fallen for an illusion. A very well crafted illusion, but an illusion nonetheless. He had thought himself somewhat immune to crafted charm given what he had already seen in his life, as illusions only worked if the recipient was willing to believe it. How arrogant of him to think that. 
This was the first time in his life that he was confronted with failure. He had always managed to come through with everything he had set his mind to. It especially smarted because he had bitten the bullet and done everything by the book, had done his research, gathered information, checked out the dungeon beforehand – everything had been planned and thought through and still the Traitor and his ‘Master’ had managed to escape. They had to know the Hashisins had been onto them. But how? 
So many questions, so few answers. He slumped down in defeat. Now that the rush of adrenaline was gone, the stress and lack of rest of the last days finally caught up to him. By Nyx, he was tired – both physically and emotionally. Tired of chasing a ghost, tired of merely existing in a dark place where depression ruled, tired of being alone. 
He looked up at the moon but night’s golden light chose that moment to hide itself from his gaze. Yeah, hit him where it hurt most. Awesome. As if it hadn’t been enough to take what he had loved most from him and rob him of his revenge; no, now nature seemed to hate him, too. 
He shook his head and closed his eyes. There was nothing for him to look at anyway. He was so sick of the darkness, despair, and the yawning void in his heart where his brother had lived. He was just so sick of it.
“You’re not going to end your life, are you?” he heard a suspicious female voice a few minutes later. He barely kept himself from reacting to Nia’s sudden presence. He hadn’t felt her approach, so…had his power left him too, or what? That day got better by the minute. 
“Why would I do that?” he replied with closed eyes and his back still to her.
“It’s night; you’re here all by yourself; you look like someone who has lost all hope. And you didn’t exactly answer my question. So?”
He slowly opened his eyes and turned around. “It’s been a rough day, is all. And no, I’m not going to jump down here. Which wouldn’t do any good since the building isn’t that high. Anything less than a five-story building won’t work.”
Apparently he had shocked the Hareema into silence. But it was the truth. He knew that he sounded cold, even uncaring, but for a Hashisin death was nothing to be afraid of. Every single one of them had faced it one time too often in their lives for it to faze them anymore. 
“Since you are here, may I ask you a question?” she asked him strangely warily. 
She didn’t still think he was going to jump, did she, Onyx thought confused. Because her tone of voice reminded him of the one you used with scared kittens. Or dogs. Or horses. 
“Ask away. But I can’t promise an answer.”
“Why?”
“Trade secret.”
“Oh. Yes. I forgot. Well, then…” She stopped and seemed to debate with herself whether to chance a negative respond and risk anger him some more or not. Before she could make up her mind though, he decided to use the situation to his own advantage and get to know her better. She intrigued him and he needed to forget today. Desperately so. 
“Mind if I ask a question until you’ve got up your courage to ask yours?”
She glared at his not so sweet words. He could almost hear the litany of profanities she was wisely calling him just in her head. It was the right decision on her part, because his temper was still simmering and just waited for a chance to ignite. He struggled not to gaud her into spewing insults – she wasn’t strong enough to handle his volcano of a temper. And it was highly probable that she would throw him out of her life if she witnessed that. Nia didn’t know it yet, but he planned to stick around for some time. 
The only upside of the failed attack was that he could finally admit that he needed help. The allure of power had been too strong, had taken too much out of him to thwart. If he didn’t turn around his life fast, he was going to fall into the abyss of corruption very soon. Onyx refused to have his friends put him down because he’d lost sight of what was good right and went rogue. He hoped that Serabi would be up to the challenge. The Healer was the only person he was able and willing to trust with the war zone that was his soul. She would keep his secrets, he was sure of that. However, for that to happen, he had to have access to the Hareem. Which translated into not going crazy on the Chief Mistress. Time to play nice and try to be polite. 
“I never came around to ask what happened in Ter Sentra that you ended up here?” He knew of course, but he wanted to know if she was scared by what had gone down in the Hareem. 
Nia was silent for a moment, then said, “Well, I woke up to battle cries and ended up with a destroyed infirmary and a lot of dead bodies plus the fluids to go with it. I never realized there are so many shades of red.”
Onyx nodded. He knew exactly how many shades of red there were, same as Blade. Same as every Hashisin. And wasn’t it ironic that they, best of friends that they were, both had lost a sibling to the same monster? But compared to Blade’s baby sister, his brother had gotten off easily. Go figure. 
“Yeah, well, there is a reason battle and violence call to us Fire people, don’t you think?”
Nia stared at him and her cheeks heated. “Oh. Sorry. I didn’t mean to be rude. But…you don’t seem as volatile as the average Fire Elementar. I, I…simply forgot.”
Onyx gave a sharp laugh. If she only knew what was lurking beneath his perfectly cultivated surface. 
“I’ll never do. Forget, I mean. I simply can’t, ever. Which is my greatest asset. And my greatest weakness.”
Nia sat down next to him and watched him carefully. “Why? Where is the weakness in never forgetting a thing? One would think it’d be most helpful in your line of work?”
“Because how do you go on with your life if you can’t forget the past? My need for revenge, my need for payback won’t be satisfied until every wrong is righted. So it reminds me. Every waking moment. Even in my dreams I can’t find rest. That’s the downside of not being able to forget and forgive.” Onyx was shocked. Even his best friends didn’t know that; but without a thought he had confided in the Hareema. He checked with his power whether he could pick up a trace of hers. Maybe she was unconsciously manipulating him. That was how the Hareema Talent worked basically: it manipulated their clients into voicing their deepest desires or longings and then they fulfilled them – with their power enhancing the resulting pleasure. Their Talent was a strange but interesting mix of charm and enhancement. There had been times in his life when he had envied them their abilities – they would be most useful for a spy. Not that he complained – merging with the shadows was pretty awesome, too. 
Anyway, he didn’t feel any of her power, but that didn’t mean anything. 
He regarded her icily. “Are you trying to manipulate me, lady?”
Nia tilted her head and asked him challengingly, “If so?”
“If so, then it’s only fair to inform you that I’m working hard at not picking on you. One whiff of your power in the air and I won’t be responsible for what I’m doing.”
“And here I thought you were a Hashisin? Aren’t you supposed to have iron control over your power, regardless?”
“Sure. And normally my control is phenomenal. After today though…I feel my willingness to hold tight weaken. So, if you don’t want to get acquainted to my temper, then you might want to keep any challenges to a minimum.”
“Kill-joy,” she grumbled. “But I meant to ask…and you don’t have to answer, but I’m curious…what are those ‘extenuating circumstances’ Serabi spoke of?”
Onyx raised an eyebrow.
“Well, I mean they have to be huge for her to let you off without at least calling you every name in the book?”
“I most certainly remember she did do that,” he replied, grinning now. 
“Uh, no. Believe me. I’ve witnessed her doing that and what she spewed at you was not it.”
Onyx contemplated the wisdom of telling her the truth, but then thought to hell with it and followed his gut. Nia wouldn’t betray his trust. That wasn’t who she was. 
“The man we’ve hunted today, the one that escaped…he murdered my brother and his wife.”
“Oh.” Nia swallowed. “I’m sorry. For your loss and your obvious pain. It must eat you alive that he had managed to get away,” she said, trying to console him.
“Yeah, well, it does. And we found out today that he isn’t working alone. It complicates things. For Serabi, too. Because this accomplice won’t stop until he has reached his goals.”
“Which are?”
“Eradicating my whole family and everyone else who dares stand between him and his objective.”
Silence. 
After a few minutes, Nia said calmly, “What did you do for him to hate your family that much?”
Trust the woman to ask the one question he had no answer to. 
“That’s the thing, I don’t know. My best guess is a hunger for power and rank. And of course unrequited love.”
Nia narrowed her eyes at that bit of information. Seemed he had given away too much. 
“Hunger for power? But that would mean that your family is nobility or even…” She stopped and studied him carefully. Then her face went cold and she slowly moved away from him. 
“What is your name?”
Busted. She was a smart cookie, this one. But she would have found anyway sooner or later. There weren’t much noble Hashisin Fire Elementars with eyes the color of the night sky – only him, really. Anyone doing his research could do the math. Which was why he had never hidden it; but he hadn’t advertised it, either. 
“Onyx.” He could try to snow her at least. Not that it would do him much good, but this was about the principle of the matter. 
“Your real name!”
“Since I listen when you call me Onyx, I figure this name is as reals as you can get.”
Nia rolled her eyes. 
“If that’s how you gonna be…what is your family’s name then?”
Onyx smiled and prepared himself for the cold shoulder that was about to come. Except for his best friends who didn’t fear anyone or anything, everyone else had kept his distance after knowing who he was. 
Even the weakest of Fire Elementar were feared by Wind, Water, and Earth because they presumably were barbaric, possessed a volatile temper, and had superficial control over their Elements at best. Being friends with a member of the Royal House of Fire wasn’t exactly high on the to-do list of people. More like it was on top of the to-avoid-in-life one. 
“An-Pyr.”





Chapter 15


Nia swallowed hard. It took everything she had to not run away from the Hashisin next to her. A royal Fire Elementar? Shit. That was…unexpected. And dangerous. And strangely exhilarating. She ignored the last one and concentrated on managing her fear. The Fire people were the least respected of the four groups of Elementars, basically because the founders of their kingdom had been outcasts of the other elements. Sometime during the Great War that had brought Quiliaris into existence the Fire people had emerged out of nowhere. Most thought that their Fire was just a watered down variety of the Imbra’ilis sun power, from which the deserts of Pyr had been conquered. But from her studies of the four kingdoms she knew that the Fire people thought the origin of their power came from Nyx, Sol’s consort. According to their myths the Goddess of Night and Fire had gifted them with one of her abilities in a rare show of sympathy. 
As if. Nia snorted inwardly. Nyx was not known for mercy, friendliness, or compassion; even the Fire people themselves would be hard-pressed to come up with something even remotely positive on her account. 
But the origin of the power aside, the most compelling reason for leaving the Fire Elementars alone – besides the outcast family trees of course – was that their Fire showed in their nature. Fire wielders were highly volatile, which made them extremely dangerous. And their laws and rules were just…well, it was as if they were still stuck in ancient times. The most used phrase in their codex seemed to be ‘or you die.’ Didn’t make them many friends. On the upside though, their aggressiveness and penchant for blood made them the best defense against the Sun people they had. Imbra still hadn’t got over their perceived disgrace of losing some of their lands to a bunch of thugs. A fact that filled the Pyrians with pride. As well as the rest of Quiliaris. But back to the man at her side, who kept himself oddly still. A Prince of Fire. Go figure. 
Suddenly a thought crossed her mind. If he was a member of the House of Pyr, then he had to be related in some way to the late King. Sol, no. Her heart went out to him. Losing family always hurt, no matter how close or distant the relationship was. Since she knew that he wouldn’t appreciate any sympathy, especially today, she opted for ignoring the topic. Hopefully he would do, too. She’d never been good at offering her sympathies.
“I’d have never guessed, you know. Your control is impressive. Especially for someone that strong.”
Onyx looked at her, puzzled.
“No running away, screaming? No flailing your arms? No nothing?”
“No.”
“Why?”
“Because I was taught to never run away from a beast of prey? Chasing instinct and all that?”
Onyx grinned. “Don’t want to be chased?”
Nia watched his playful but nevertheless feral grin and said with as much calm as she could muster, “Not yet.”
Which had apparently been the right answer, because the man threw back his head and started to laugh. Really laugh.
Nia stared at him, stunned. He had an attractive face and all, but his broody appearance made you want to run. Fast and far. But this…his open laughter and delight let him appear approachable and normal and nice. Wow. She hadn’t thought he had it in him. 
Mirth in his eyes, he asked her, “What? Never heard a man laugh?”
“Sure I did. But not you. I honestly thought you don’t know how.”
“Why wouldn’t I?” he asked, honestly confused.
“Duh, because you always look grim and earnest and well, deadly? Come to think of it, I’ve never heard any Warrior laugh. Why is that?”
“Ah, I see. I’m a Warrior all right, Mistress of the House, but at the end of the day I’m just another man. One with a life, a history, a family of his own. My profession is what I am in life, but it isn’t who I am.”
“But you are who you are because of it; I mean being a Warrior certainly made a difference to your life that being, let’s say, I don’t know, a vendor wouldn’t have.”
“Of course, my being a Hashisin has had an impact on me, the same way being a Hareema has had on you and your choices in life. We are both doing what we are born to do. However, this doesn’t change who we are. Just because I don’t let them show doesn’t mean I have no feelings at all. Though I have to admit that being Idris doesn’t exactly make me a sociable person.” 
“You are Idris on top of being a royal Fire Elementar and a Hashisin? Damn, you could rule the world if you wanted to! There can’t be that many people stronger than you.”
“Well, no,” he replied. A pause. “Except for the one who got away, of course,” he added, bitter. 
“I don’t know. I think it’s good for you. It will keep you on your toes and alive for that matter. Every hero needs a nemesis, doesn’t he? Our world is built on the principle of balance of all things, after all. Where there is good, there must be evil and every light shines brighter when surrounded by darkness. It’s the way of things, no?”
Onyx nodded. “Yeah, that it is,” he replied solemnly. 
“And you know, his time will come. That you can be sure of. He won’t escape final judgment. One day he will stand before the Gods and will have to accept what their sentence. No matter what.”
“That might be true, but what about all those people who are going to die because of him in the meantime? I took an oath to protect those who can’t fight for themselves – I can’t just sit back and do nothing! That’s not who I am!”
His anger about the situation and his helplessness was palpable. It touched her deeply that he showed her this part of himself. She knew that it couldn’t be easy for him. And given his state of despair she was pretty sure that the whole thing had to be related to the death of the Fire King. He was taking this way too personally for it to be something else. Damn. 
Looking for the right words, she decided to hell with it and be honest. Sometimes you just had to accept your lot and wait until things finally changed. Even someone like him. She had had to learn that the hard way. 
After her family had thrown her out when it became clear that she was a Hareema – a no-go for any noble family, because something as common and base like providing pleasure to others would cast a damning light on their line – she had ended under the tender care of Troia, the queen bitch. But almost two decades of ridicule and backstabbing later, she had finally succeeded and come out the winner. You just had to wait it out. And if she had learned the merit of patience, then he could, too. 
“No, you are not one for staying put and doing nothing. But no one ever said you should, did they? Do as you said – protect those who are in need of protection. You might not be able to save his victims but you can save others while waiting for him to make a mistake. Don’t give him any power over you in hanging on to your anger! Because then he wins. Every time you think about him, he wins. Instead of tearing yourself up about the things you can’t do, concentrate on those you can do. The ones you’ll save, they count too, you know.”
Cautiously she laid a hand on his shoulder. She had never touched a Fire Elementar before and was surprised at how warm his body was. She knew touching someone like him without asking wasn’t the wisest decision she’d ever made, but it somehow felt like the right thing to do. 
And surprisingly she liked what she felt. The contrast between the warmth of his body that reminded her of summer and heat and lazy days and the hardness of his flesh that came from constant training fit him perfectly. Suddenly she understood what he had tried to tell her before – that there was a person behind the Warrior, as there was a person behind the Hareema. And she understood what he hadn’t said: that not too many ever looked that deep, ever tried to get to know the man beneath the surface. It was a lonely life he led. She could tell because hers was the same. 
Slowly she felt his stiff posture mellowing. As she enjoyed the connection of touch between them, he raised his hand and covered her own with it. The sudden skin to skin contact left her breathless. It wasn’t only their skin that connected but their powers too and it was…amazing. His Fire heated up her steadfast Earth power, got it burning, boiling, filled it with exhilarating life. In return, her Earth calmed down his, renewed his Fire, fueled it, kindled his flame. She closed her eyes and withdrew deep inside her to watch the spectacle that was their elements. What she saw left her speechless: Earth and Fire had fused into a brightly burning, green flame born of fate and brightly burning with the hope of a shared future.
“Emerald Fire,” she heard Onyx’s voice then and opened her eyes in surprise. He had been watching too? 
Before she could say a thing, he bent down and kissed her. And the world around her ceased to exist.


“You walked a fine line today, Nyx. You know we are not allowed to interfere with the humans,” Sol told his mate somewhere on a different plane of existence. 
“Which I didn’t. I merely answered a prayer for assistance.”
“You helped him fight the dark. Some might call that interference.”
“No, they won’t, since that would mean they had to stop doing the same.”
Silence.
“Thanks for sending up the Hareema though. He’ll need someone to hang onto if he is to survive what is about to come.”
“They both will if history is going to repeat itself.”
“Come to think of it, how’s your little Chosen One doing?” 
“She’s doing good all things considered. But her trials will begin soon; strife is already working its way into people’s hearts. I find I’m sorry for her. She is still a babe yet. Yours?”
“The boy faced the challenge like the man he’ll one day need to be.”
“Good. That means we’ve chosen well.”
“That we did. But the great hardships are yet to come. Hopefully, they will face them with the same courage they’ve shown up until now.”





Epilogue


Nia looked anxiously out of the window. He should have been here hours ago. By Sol, she would never get used to waiting for him. Being the mate of a Hashisin had its perks, sure, but it there were a lot of downsides to it, too. The waiting, for one; never knowing if this was maybe the last time she would see him whenever he left her;  and then of course his many enemies, which was why they could go public with their relationship. Yeah, well, it was her own fault; she just had to go and fall in love with the spy master and best tracker the Guild had to offer. However, the perks were considerable. Her security was airtight now; since he couldn’t assign her a Hashisin guard, he had given her a pack of Ter Hounds. The vicious watch dogs were loyal to her and guarded her home with a vengeance that was awe-inspiring. She sighed. Her man was simply amazing. And his Warrior friends were too. The last two years had been an education, to say the least, but it had been worth it. 
After they had spent that night together in Iquis, they had parted ways; but not for long. A week or two after Serabi and she had been back to Ter, Onyx or Rayza as she knew now, had appeared on her doorstep and asked the Healer for help. Serabi had had tears in her eyes as she invited him inside. She had told her later that it was a very, very rare occurrence that any of these hardened men would come and seek help without being held at sword point or half dead. 
Over the course of the next six months they had spent at least an hour a day in each other’s company and had gotten to know each other well. At her question why he always sought her out, he had just shrugged and told her that the Healer had ordered him to focus on what was good and beautiful in his world. For someone so averse to idle chitchat as him, he sure had a way with words when he wanted to. But what had tipped the scales for her to give in and fall for him had been his absolute disinterest in any other woman at the Hareem. All of which were beautiful and young and pleasant – contrary to her. He loved her anyway. 
She smiled, her heart full of love for him. If anyone had told her that she would end up with a Fire Hashisin for a mate someday, she would have told them to get their heads examined. But there wasn’t any better man for her. He was hers. The same way she was his. 
She searched the streets below the window again. Not that she’d be able to see him if he didn’t want to be seen. However, she always felt his presence when he was near. Her power always reacted to his Fire. 
And there he was finally. She spotted his dark figure approaching under the protection of the alley trees that lined the streets. But he wasn’t alone. Behind him she saw the shadow of a smaller figure. Since he only brought someone along who was in need of help, she ran to the infirmary and alerted Serabi. 
Together the two women waited at the side door for Onyx to arrive.
Nia threw open the door a second before he knocked and fell into his arms. “You are back,” she whispered in his ear and kissed him, unfazed by their company. 
Onyx smile in delight. “Yes, I am.” He kissed her back and looked at Serabi. “Miss me too?”
“Uh, no. But I hear you bring me a present?” the Healer asked him back.
“Ah I see. Have been watching the streets for me again?”
“You are late,” Nia replied in slight accusing tone.
“Yeah, about that; you see, my newly acquired travel companion isn’t used to Ter’s temperatures and it took me some time to warm her up and show her how to stay that way.”
“Her?”
“Yes, her. The stubborn girl didn’t tell me she was cold until she fell off of the horse.” He shook his head and grinned. “You’ll like her.”
He grabbed behind his back and pulled a lanky, tall girl in front of them. “Amadri, these are Nia, the most wonderful woman in the world, and Serabi, the Chief Healer of the Hareem and formidable associate Healer of the Guild. I’ve told you about them, remember?”
The girl nodded. Nia regarded her curiously but there wasn’t much to see. Her face was hidden by her hood and her body was covered in what seemed to be one of Onyx’s trademark black cloaks. 
Serabi narrowed her eyes and tilted her head. Before she could say anything though, Nia shooed them all into the house. 
“What? It’s warmer in here,” she said with a shrug at the Healer’s questioning look. 
Nia turned to the girl. “Welcome to my home, girl. Like he said I’m Nia. And you are?” 
The girl looked at Onyx. 
“Oh, yes, her Quiliar’lin isn’t the best. You need to speak slowly if you want her to actually understand what you’re saying. Though she is quite good at guessing at your words,” he explained, slightly embarrassed. 
Serabi used the moment to ask the most important question. “Is she hurt?”
“I don’t think so, no; however, I wanted to ask you to do a full examination of her. Tomorrow or the day after, whenever you are free.”
Serabi shot him a glare and addressed the girl instead. “Are you hurt? Do you need anything from me?”
The girl straightened and finally put the hood back. Nia blinked. Damn, that girl was gorgeous. And she had the most stunning blue eyes she had ever seen. The girl shook her head and said in the slow, carefully measured words of a foreigner, “No, I’m all right. Just tired.”
Nia decided then that any further questioning could wait for tonight. The girl was but a child and knowing her mate she was sure that he had been riding with his usual speed. She must be beat. Tomorrow was soon enough for getting to know each other. “It’s okay, girl. I show you a room to sleep. Do you need clothes for the night?”
She shook her head again. 
“Serabi, the only free room is the one next to the infirmary. You don’t mind, do you?”
“No. That way I can keep an eye on her. If that’s okay for you, Onyx?” she answered sarcastically.
“Sure.” He changed into Pyriant’ha, the native language of the Fire kingdom and told the girl, “Go with her, Amadri. She’ll take care of you. And she is trustworthy, I promise.”
She gave a sharp nod and left with the Healer. 
Nia took Onyx’s hand and led him up to her quarters. She had missed him awfully and longed to spend some quality time with him, but her curiosity needed to be satisfied first. 
In her room, she sat down on her spacious bed and watched her mate undress. 
“So? Who is she and why did you bring her here?”
“I brought her here because she needs time to heal. And I didn’t know a better place for that.” He shrugged helplessly. “And she will be safe here for the time being. Even if I have to leave a day or two for checking some intel or do a minor assignment.”
“Nice that you’ve already decided leaving her with me without ever asking me,” she drawled. 
“I would never have brought her here if I didn’t have to. I really need Serabi to take a look at her. And it won’t be for long, I swear. Just until I find a new home for her. I wouldn’t do that to you.”
Nia sighed. She did know that. All of that. But still. 
“Anyway, you didn’t answer my question. Who is she and why is she with you?”
“I’m not sure how to answer that, to be honest. I don’t want to endanger you by giving you too much information. By Nyx, this whole situation is a clusterfuck. Why the hell did I have to go to Ter Minor?”
“Ah yes, I almost forgot – I hope your brother is fine?”
Nia felt a short flare of Onyx’s power. Oh my, what did that idiot brother of his do now? The Regent of Pyr had a real talent for riling his younger brother.
“Yes, he is. Even better than fine, now that I left Altahir and took his only problem with me.”
“You’ve been home? Why are you so upset then? Usually the desert puts you in a better mood.”
“Because my brother is an ignorant, blind coward who always opts for the way of least resistance!” And off he went ranting about the idiocy of his brother. Sure, Nia heard that speech pretty often over the last two years, but it never failed to amuse her. It didn’t tell her one thing though. 
Suddenly she heard a knock and a pissed off Serabi sailed into the room. 
Onyx stopped midsentence and grew tense. “What is it? Is something wrong with the girl?”
“Is something wrong?” Serabi yelled. “What the fuck, Onyx?”
“What? What is it? I can’t help if you don’t tell me, old hag,” he shot back, anxious.
Serabi’s face went cold. “Care to explain why she is afraid of Healers, Onyx?”
“She isn’t,” he answered, confused.
“She wouldn’t let me touch her and I picked up on her fear. So I ask again, why is she afraid of me?”
Suddenly Onyx slumped down and sat on the bed. He sighed in exhaustion. “She isn’t afraid of you, Serabi, but of your touch. She got bitten by a Fire snake recently.” 
“Oh.” All fight left the Healer and she plopped down on a chair. A Fire snake’s venom caused one of the most agonizing injuries there were. Even for the Fire people. Poor baby. “What’s she called? I’m sure being addressed by her name will go a long way to make her more comfortable. Moreover, I refuse to call her ‘girl!’” 
Both women looked at him expectantly. Onyx closed his eyes in defeat. “This information can’t ever leave this room. All of our lives depend on it. Got that?” He knew it was wrong to tell them, but there was no place for secrets between the three of them. 
The women promised to never speak a word of it. None of them would ever betray Onyx’s trust. Ever. 
“She is family. Her name is Sheba. Sheba An-Pyr.”
“Sheba?” Serabi’s eyes grew wide. “Maris’ daughter? You brought Maris’ daughter to a Hareem? Are you nuts?” Serabi asked, shocked. 
“That’s your brother’s daughter? But, but…that would make her the…” Nia stammered.
“The Princess of Fire.”
“I ask again, are you nuts? You can’t bring a child to a Hareem, much less her!” Serabi lit into him. As always, the woman recovered fast. 
“What was I to do? Let her die? You see, the Traitor finally made his move. And he is out for blood. Hers, to be exact.”
“Well, fuck.”
Fuck, indeed.




THE END





GLOSSARY


Aliaenar: Old Court of the High King; secluded fortress of the Hashisins in the Calae Mountains between Pyr and Aro.
Element: metaphysical energy of Earth, Fire, Wind and Water, created by Sol and Nyx; 
Elementar: person with an elemental power, i.e. a Wind Elementar; channels the energy of his or her element through his soul from the metaphysical to the physical in order to use it. According to the respective soul’s capacity to hold energy (weak and strong souls) the energy prolongs the Elementar’s life; if the Elementar holds too much energy, the soul will burst leading to death.
Elhrasin: old language of the High Court; nowadays only used by the Hashisins as their secret language.
Erudite: person with the Talent of Knowledge; highly intelligent, curios and focused; are teachers and historians; magenta/orange/yellow sash according to rank; determine a person’s Talent and strength and are in charge of the law.
Esendri: caste of the ‘Vulnerable’ (literal meaning: ‘prey’), i.e. those without a Talent or those with little to no amount of power; are sacrosanct and not to be harmed; usually servants and salespersons; color: violet.
Hareem: quarter of pleasure for Warriors and unmated men.
Hashisins: elite order of Warriors; the best Warriors of every element; guards of the High King of Quiliaris; non-guard members form the Guild, bringing justice for those who were wronged; leadership: Council of Masters led by the elected Chairman; attributes: Kri-Amra (brand of a sword), use of Elhrasin; possession of Searach, color: black.
Healer: person with the Talent of Healing; bronze /silver/ gold sash according to rank; can heal every physical injury short of death, as well as injuries of the soul.
High King of Quiliaris: elected in times of need by representatives of all four kingdoms to protect Quiliaris and its people; usually the leader of the Hashisins; the last High King was King Damiar An-Pyr 350 years ago.
House of Aro: royal family of the Kingdom of Wind; most powerful Wind Elementars; name: Cyn-Aro.
House of Iquis: royal family of the Kingdom of Water; most powerful Water Elementars; name: Iquis-ta.
House of Pyr: royal family of the Kingdom of Fire; most powerful Fire Elementars; name: An-Pyr. 
House of Ter: royal family of the Kingdom of Earth, most powerful Earth Elementars; name: Di-Tera.
Idris: very rare; people born at midnight under a blue moon; also called Nightwalker, Shadow Walker, or Children of Nyx; favor food with low ‘solar energy’, i.e. edibles growing in umbra that don’t need a lot of sunshine; normal food holds no nutritional value for them and can make them ill; highly independent individuals; said to be gifted by Nyx with the ability to merge with the shadows and have an affinity for animals;
Kingdom of Earth: Ter, rural kingdom in the East; kingdom of farmers and craftsmen; Capital: Ter Sentra; color: green.
Kingdom of Fire: Pyr, desert Kingdom of the South; kingdom of nomads and travelling merchants; consists of several wide-spread camps or minor settlements; the biggest being Altahir, the Regent’s camp; Capital: Pyras, seat of the King’s court and only fortified city. Founded by outcasts and rogues of the other Kingdoms after being gifted with Fire by Nyx; color: red.
Kingdom of Water: Iquis, Kingdom of the West; kingdom of fishermen and sailors; provide the only access to the Great Ocean; Capital: Limenis; color: blue.
Kingdom of Wind: Aro, mountain Kingdom of the North; kingdom of miners and hunters; consists like Pyr mainly of scattered dwellings; Capital: Isburg, color: white.
Muse: person with the Talent of Fine Arts; bright, creative people, enjoy pleasing an audience; cyan/azure/petrol sash according to rank; muses are dancers, singers, literary writers, story tellers, artists and acrobats, as well as Charmers and Illusionists.
Naru: ‘ordinary’ people, opposite of Idris; Children of Sol.
Nyx: Goddess of Night; she is the source of death and rebirth and the patron of fall and winter; her energy is piercing, forceful and intensive; her element is Fire, her children are Idris.
Quiliaris: Peninsula in the West of the Great Lands consisting of four elemental Kingdoms; surrounded by Maretiz in the North, Tortaris in the East and Imbra in the South; Treaty of Concord ensures a fragile peace between the four lands.
Sol: God of the Sun; he is the source of life and the patron of the spring and summer. His energy is warm, generous and fertile; his elements are earth and water and wind; his children are called Naru.
Talent: area of an Elementar’s greatest aptitude; divided in four classes: knowledge, fine arts, healing, protection; every Elementar with a certain amount of power has a Talent.
Warrior: person with the Talent of Protection; highly protective instincts, excels in all things martial; crimson/indigo/ black sash according to rank; the best Warriors are allowed to try for the Hashisin at the age of sixteen.





Other Works by Caris McRae


Soul of Fire (Chronicles of Quiliaris #1) 
In Quiliaris, strength and power are revered. Sheba An-Pyr, Princess of Fire, has neither. Follow the Princess as she breaks free from the chains of her past and becomes the Warrior, the Hashisin, she is meant to be. An age-old prophecy, scheming Gods, cantankerous beasts, and chauvinistic Warriors - she has to face them all to succeed. Because if she doesn't, Quiliaris might very well be lost. 

Available now at your favorite retailer!


Sword of Fire (Chronicles of Quiliaris #2)
The apprenticeship. Five years of learning. Five years of battle. Five years of hardships. Follow her as her life takes yet another turn and she finds herself in midst of a war that has the potential to end the world as it is known. 

Coming Summer 2014!



For news, extras, and freebies, please visit my website:
www.carismcrae.com




Excerpt Soul of Fire


Chapter 1


“Burn, burn, burn,” the frenzied mob demanded. 
“Burn her,” the high pitched voices of children fell in. 
The air thickened with aggression and blood lust as the incited horde of spectators started to close in on the little girl standing helplessly in the middle of the camp’s gathering place. 
The butcher, a heavy round man, spit in her face; another man threw foul fruits at her, and the cook, a plump and common woman, managed to hit the girl’s face with a rotten egg – an easy hit as she just stood there transfixed, staring blankly at the mass. The only outward sign of her distress was a slight trembling of her hands under her black, loose robe. 
Since she couldn’t take any more abuse, ten-year-old Sheba An-Pyr decided to withdraw deep into the recesses of her soul, trying to find the calm, peaceful place where her innate power dwelled. She wrapped herself in the comforting, quiescent darkness that allowed her to pretend that everything was good and no one was throwing rotten food at her. 
Why would the people of Altahir think she would steal something? She had never done anything like that, and she certainly wasn’t going to; it wasn’t befitting for a princess. But then they would have to trust and believe her, hard to do though when they had already dubbed her as weird, strange, and a freak. How often had she heard someone whispering that it would have been better to cull her at birth or that she was a disgrace to the House of Pyr? They didn’t even know her name, only ever called her “the girl”. Sheba sometimes wondered if even her uncle, the Regent, did. 
Maybe these biased people got their wish now and she would be gone for good, because she was pretty sure she would die today. Although she had accepted that fact, she wished she could have left her mark on the world in some ways. It made her sad that no one would mourn her after she was gone, not her uncle, not her twin brother Tarek – her only family left. She was well aware of the fact that they secretly agreed with the general opinion of her, and that they most likely wished her gone, too. But, alas, such was her life – even before her parents had died. 
At least her father had cared some for her, her mother too preoccupied with Tarek, but that had lasted only until her brother was old enough to start soldier training. Then even Maris An-Pyr, the great King of Fire, had forgotten about her. The forgotten child: that was who she had been and always would be. If it hadn’t been for the Hashisins back home who had allowed her to follow them around, nobody would have ever noticed that she existed at all.


Suddenly the shouting and derogatory comments quieted down to a whisper. Consul Ari Ben Alhar’s steely voice cut through the noise, and the people stood back to let the imposing figure part. 
“What’s going on here?” the man demanded to know with a dangerously low tone after he had taken in the girl’s deranged attire and the foul smell, and looked at the girl in disdain. “What did she do to warrant such treatment? Where is her guard?” 
The cook answered derisively, “She stole some of the fresh oranges and exotic fruits for the Regent’s Welcome Dinner and then refused to admit the deed. Everyone knew she was a disgrace to the House of Fire, and now she proved us right, the lying, thieving freak.” 
The bystanders murmured their consent and added a few insults of their own. 
The Kingdom of Fire didn’t have many rules, as their people’s nature was independent and self-serving, but those they had were sacred – as was their code of honor. If there was one thing worse than theft, it was being a coward and to not own up to your mistakes. You could keep what you found even if you knew the owner, as the loss of property indicated weakness, and the cunning and wily were revered, as it was seen as a sign of intelligence; but violating the strict code of honor that ensured the peaceful co-existence of very different people was a capital offense. Any breach of the law was punished by either immediate death or by becoming an outcast. No exceptions – not even for children. 
“What’s your proof? She might be a freak, as you so eloquently put it, Cook, but no one here is sentenced without trial. She might be Esendri and have strange manners, but as the Regent’s niece and the prince’s sister, she is a member of the royal line and under protection,” Alhar told her. 
The accusations didn’t really surprise him as the girl was not well liked and more often than not the target of cruel jokes, and generally ostracized. But as he had said, she was a member of the royal family, so he had to tread carefully – the Regent would not be pleased when he heard about the incident. If the accusations were wrong and the girl would be hurt, it would mean not only his death but that of those too hasty in their judgment, too. If she did steal though, then that might be their only chance of getting rid of her for good, Alhar thought excited. 
The girl was a nuisance and needed a fully trained soldier as her own guard; though it wasn’t that she had no power, she didn’t have enough for a Talent in any of the four areas. She was bright, but lacked the patience and focus of a real Erudite; she could dance and play the flute, but didn’t have any interest in the Fine Arts; she couldn’t heal small cuts even on herself; and, as a girl, she certainly wasn’t a Warrior despite spending most of her time watching the soldiers. What she did have was a knack for animals, which made her a good stable hand but nothing more. She should have been put in with the Esendri, most of them servants without any power to speak of, but being the Princess of Pyr unfortunately gave her immunity. 
Well, if nothing else, the Regent, or, later her brother, could marry her off and use her as a bargaining chip for alliances, as she was promising to be a beauty when she was of age. With her shiny pitch-black hair, her unusual cerulean eyes, her olive complexion, and her sleek, slender body, she looked like female version of her father. She even had inherited his height, being almost five-foot-ten at the age of ten; almost eleven now, he remembered. Too bad she didn’t get his power; King Maris had been considered one of the most powerful fire Elementars ever to be born. However, seeing as the girl didn’t have that kind of power, it must have been the prince who had gotten it, as that kind of elemental power was always passed on to the next generation. 
Anyway, their little princess would have to start talking to capitalize on her looks. Although a docile and meek wife was considered a prize by most, being a mute was not; no one wanted a defective queen by his side. Yet another mystery of hers: nobody knew why she refused to say more than “thank you” and “please”, not even her brother, who insisted that she had been perfectly capable of speech – before. 
The cook had it right; a mute Esendri was a disgrace to her House. The royal families ruled, because they were the most powerful Elementars and, thus, the most dangerous and most capable of them all. An Esendri princess let them appear weak and invited ridicule. 
“So I ask again, where is your proof? Because, if you accuse her falsely, you will be the one to receive the intended punishment,” he addressed the woman again, who appeared to be the spokesperson of the vicious crowd. 
“You see, Sir, today the goods from the city were delivered and put in the pantry tent for storage. The fruits were set aside in baskets in front of the tent as we needed them for pastry right away: seven red star apples, ten sun fruits and five green seed fruits. I went to pay the merchant and then to oversee the unpacking of the rest of the food.
When I came back a couple of hours later, a sun fruit and two red star apples were missing. I asked if anybody from the cooks had taken them, but they didn’t have them. Then, I asked people around if they had seen anything; one of the soldiers mentioned he saw a bunch of children playing there, but they were already gone, so I searched for them. It turned out that the only ones around were the little ones and none of them had any traces of fruit on them. 
But on my way back to the kitchen tent, I passed the Hareem and there I saw her sitting in front of Sita’s tent eating a red star apple. As I came closer, I even saw the light yellow stains typical of sun fruit on her robe. But, what was worse was that the girl wouldn’t give me the red star back and then pushed me so hard away that I almost fell,” she shouted, pointing a finger at the silent girl. 
“She even had the audacity to say ‘No’ and tried to run. But by then I already had her by her robe, asking where she had hidden the other apple, and the chit just shook her head and said ‘No’. So I ruffled her a bit in the hopes it would fall out of her robe, but it wasn’t there. She just stood there and said no over and over. I took her back to the kitchen and asked if anyone had seen her near there, when some of the older boys came back from training. And before I could do or say a thing, Safi, your own son, Master Consul, asked her if the sun fruit was to her liking. Apparently they had seen her eating near the corral. That was proof enough for me. But that unworthy girl still denied the charge,” she huffed. 
“After that we decided to publically disgrace her as is fitting for a thief. But I will admit that the situation might have gotten a bit out of control. Still, she deserved everything she got for her misdeeds,” the cook ended her tirade enraged, but with a decidedly smug air to it. 
“My own son saw her, you said?” Alhar asked pensively. Hm, that development could be good or bad: good, because his son was a reliable witness; bad, because he was known to play pranks on her and to get her in trouble on a regular basis. 
“Where is he? I need to hear what he has to say and so do all of you. And where is the girl’s guard? Why is he not here?” he shouted angrily. “Someone go find Safi and Warrior Kalani, and fast!” Two soldiers of the camp guard left to do his bidding and find the witnesses. 
Alhar just hoped that the situation wasn’t as severe as it presented itself. If the cook’s accusations held true, the girl would be lucky to end up with the Esendri and not being thrown out into the desert without any supplies like an outcast – something that would mean her certain death. Only Quiliaris’ elite Warriors, the Hashisins, were able to survive in the harsh and unforgiving environment of the desert. Survival of the fittest: the rule of the desert, the rule of Fire. One didn’t make a living in the dry, unfertile, sandy lands of the South by being nice, complacent, or mild. There were no second chances there. 


Sheba listened to the cook’s story stoically but was secretly relieved about the impending investigation. However, as far as she could see, she was already found guilty regardless of proof to the contrary. If there was even a slight doubt of her innocence, she would get banished from the camp. She didn’t really think they would allow her in with the Esendri, not only because they disliked her even more than the others, but because they clearly felt the power the others chose to ignore.
Hopefully, her brother would stand up for her and tell these morons that the only thing she had eaten had been her breakfast carrot; which shouldn’t be too hard for him to remember, considering he and his so-called friends had teased her mercilessly about it when they found her sitting on the dune above the practice ring. But with her usual luck, Tarek would tell a variation of the truth in the hopes of avoiding chastisement. 


After a few minutes, one of the guards came back to inform Alhar that his son was out in the desert for a ride, but that he had found the Heir instead and had brought him. 
“What’s going on?” Tarek An-Pyr, the Prince and Heir of the Kingdom asked. 
Where his sister was the mirror of the late King, the boy came after his mother, the Queen. Tarek had inherited Diarsa An-Pyr’s gleaming brown hair, her gentle chocolate-colored eyes, and her pleasant and sociable nature – an effect of her being a Princess of Ter. Unfortunately, he seemed to have got her height, too: he barely reached five-foot-two yet, almost a head smaller than the other boys his age. 
“The guard told me that there’s a problem with my sister. What happened?”
“Your sister is being accused of the theft of several special fruits and dishonorable behavior, my Prince. The cook said that you and my son came across her when returning from training. She claims that you saw her eating a sun fruit – one of which was stolen. These are serious accusations, so be careful and answer honestly. Can you confirm the cook’s statement?” Alhar asked him.
Tarek looked at his sister and took in her state of appearance. Although she was his fraternal twin and they shared a soul bond that should have made them well aware of each other’s emotions and well-being, their actual relationship was rather…cool. They might have grown up together, but their parents had always focused more on him and his progress than her. She had always been more of a tag-along, mostly forgotten or neglected like a toy that was no longer wanted. 
He had never understood her tendency to observe life rather than to participate in it. It was like she was almost devoid of feeling, so calm and quiet was her presence in his mind. If the guard hadn’t told him about the incident, he never would have known. Even now, he didn’t feel any distress or anger from her, only a slight feeling of resignation. That was simply not normal, considering she was covered in rotten food and accused of a capital offense. He knew she could speak if she wanted to, so it didn’t make sense that she refused to defend herself; she had to realize that her life was on the line, he thought puzzled. This wasn’t home where she could do as she pleased without repercussions. 
But whatever he thought about her, he knew that she wasn’t the thief. But he had seen her eating something – a carrot, but so what –, and he had to answer the Consul’s question truthfully or he would pay for it. And surely her guard could vouch for her, thus, the claim would be denied. So no problem if he twisted the truth a bit, he reasoned.
“Well, we did see her watching practice as usual about an hour ago and she did appear to eat something, but I was too far away to recognize the fruit. Why would she steal something that tends to make her ill? I would believe it if she would have taken a red star apple; but a sun fruit? Never,” Tarek said confidently. 
“Ha, I knew it! Even her own brother thinks she is a thief!” exclaimed the cook. 
“I don’t understand, Mistress Cook. I just said that she wouldn’t steal a sun fruit!” he replied, confused. 
Alhar explained it to him in calm, measured words. “You see, your Highness, it wasn’t only a sun fruit that was stolen. Two red star apples are not accounted for, too and the cook found her eating one of said delicacies.”
“Oh.” Oops, maybe he should be more careful with his words, he thought, but…whatever. 





Chapter 2


Sheba listened to her brother dumbfounded. Tarek had really done it, she thought; he actually had lied despite the seriousness of the charges. She understood that he didn’t care for her but she hadn’t realized he wanted her gone – as in dead. As that truth sank in, she felt a sharp pain in her chest, eventually identifying the feeling as heartbreak. It was as if a part of her heart that held what little was left of her capacity to love and trust had withered away, and all that remained was a gaping void of nothingness. 
At the rate her soul was dying, she would lose every trait of humanity within the next two years, she thought strangely detached. It would kill her ultimately, because no one could live on power alone, as it needed to be balanced by humanity to prevent an Elementar from turning into nothing more than a vessel for his Element – void of morals, belief, and emotion. If they only knew that their wish to get rid of her was bound to be fulfilled sooner rather than later with their careless actions, the hostile crowd might refrain from actively trying to kill her and let nature take its course.
But even if she survived this time, it would only be on the benefit of the doubt, and certainly not because she was innocent, the Goddess forbid; so perhaps it would be better to end it now. With her less than stellar reputation she would be a suspect every time something happened, regardless, she thought with a sigh.

With a grunt and a loud “Let me part”, Kalani, Sheba’s guard, finally arrived. He reached the place by unceremoniously shoving people out of his way; thus, clearing a path. Right on his heels followed the guard sent to retrieve him. 
“What’s the matter, Consul? What was of such importance to cut short my break?” he asked unimpressed. 
Then Kalani looked around and took in the situation. 
Exasperated, he man asked, “What did she do now?” 
Before anyone could answer, he barked at the girl, “What is with you that you can’t be left alone for more than ten minutes without getting into trouble? By Nyx, you should be locked away with no company but your own; maybe then life would be pleasant again.” 
“Now, now, Warrior Kalani, you would do well to remember that this is the Princess you are speaking to! Whatever else, she is to be addressed properly and respectfully as is fit for her position,” the Consul berated the guard. “I want a detailed account of what you did today and then an answer to the question as to where you were, Kalani, that you didn’t realize that your ward was in need. So?” 
“We ate breakfast, Sir, then visited the stables and fed the animals with carrots; at ten her Highness watched Warrior practice for three hours, as usual. Afterwards, we went back to the camp, where I left her in front of Sita’s tent with the order to sit tight until I would come back from my break – again, as usual; which was why I wasn’t aware of anything going on. What is going on, by the way?”
“I will explain it to you shortly. Now, have you at any time seen her eating a red star apple or a sun fruit today, Warrior?”
“No, I haven’t. Why would she eat a sun fruit? She doesn’t like them, as far as I know. She prefers the horses’ left-over carrots – they double as her lunch during practice,” he harrumphed. “But she likes red star apples. The Hareemi or Old Nika sometimes give one to her when she is good. But I haven’t seen anyone doing that today.” A pause. “So, what’s this all about?”
“The Princess is accused of theft and cowardice. Something that wouldn’t have happened if you would have done your duty and watched her, would it? If the claims hold true, I have no choice than to lay a part of the blame on you,” Alhar told him. 
Kalani paled and cursed under his breath. He knew what that meant: perimeter duty; which was considered a shame for every self-respecting Warrior seeing that it was a beginners’ task. 
He turned and glared at Sheba, his eyes full of hatred. 
“You’re going to pay for that,” he hissed at her. 
She just stared at him expressionlessly with no reaction to his threat whatsoever.
“Since the testimonials are inconclusive so far, I now ask the rest of you. Has anybody seen her near the pantry tent, or given her the apple she was caught eating?” the Consul went on with his procedure, slowly moving in a circle to address the rest of the crowd.
“Anybody?” 
He waited, but to no avail. 
“No answer? Not one of you has seen the princess anywhere near the fruits today? Nor given it to her?” 
Once again he was greeted with silence as no one came forward. 
“What do you suggest I should do now? She was eating a red star apple, but except for my son’s word, no one saw her with the sun fruit. And where she denies the deed, most of you deem her capable of it. Since I can’t find her guilty without hard proof, and I’m not gifted with Omniscience, I’ll have to postpone the case until the return of the Regent. He will find out the truth within minutes and can judge her accordingly. Agreed?”
“But…but…but,” the cook sputtered. “I found her eating one of the missing apples and she did have yellow stains on her robe. That’s proof enough, now is it? There surely is no need to wait another two days for her sentence!” 
“What about the Bite of Truth? That you can do, can’t you?” a man suddenly shouted from the back. “There won’t be any doubts left about what she did with the fruits then, will there?”
“Yeah, subject her to the Bite of Truth! That will teach her to lie!” another cried. “Bite of Truth, Bite of Truth, Bite of Truth” the agitated crowd demanded. The chanting grew louder and louder as the people worked themselves in a frenzy.


Sheba paled. The Bite of Truth? Were they crazy? She hadn’t known that method was still used, cruel as it was; surely Alhar would decline their demand as it was practically a death sentence. Even in the old times, it had been only used for murderers and traitors, because it killed the defendant if guilty, and caused unbearable agony in the innocent. It was also known as Nyx’s Judgment, because the culprit lived or died based on the Goddess’ verdict. Initiated by the bite of a Fire snake, one of Nyx’s sacred animals, its highly poisonous venom had the power to reveal the truth and serve as lethal punishment if the defendant proved guilty. If the accused was found innocent though, he or she would survive but still experienced venom-induced agony that took up to three days to be purged; the afflicted person needed to be put into a healing sleep rendering him unconscious to remain sane. Sheba looked up to gauge the Consul’s reaction. 


“I don’t think that’s warranted here,” Alhar said appalled.
It was one thing to get her confined to the Esendri and publicly disgrace her, but quite another to physically harm her; even the hardest of men couldn’t withstand the pain without crying for mercy.
The butcher spoke up. “Why not? It’s perfect. In the unlikely case that she didn’t do it, at least we would know who did it for real. We just have to look for those who scream in agony in her stead.” 
As retaliation for an unfounded charge, the Goddess pointed out the real culprits by inflicting them with the victim’s pain. A nice side effect, sure, but it didn’t take away the pain of the one on trial. 
“You realize that this would kill her, even if she was innocent? Her body and mind are not built to endure that kind of pain. It would mean her certain death,” Alhar pointed out. 
Sheba didn’t believe her ears. The Consul couldn’t really be considering it, could he? Judging by his pensive expression, she lost hope pretty fast. 
“You can’t do that, Consul,” Tarek spoke up. “My uncle won’t be pleased when he returns and finds her dead; I say we wait for him. You can put her in solitary confinement in the meantime; that’s punishment enough, don’t you think?”
“You have to say that – she is your sister, after all, your Highness. However, just because she is the princess, she doesn’t get special treatment. Everyone else would be punished immediately for these crimes, without exception; and when in doubt, the Gift of Omniscience is used. But you already know that, or at least you should, if you listened to your teachers. Since we can’t use it with the Regent absent, we have to fall back on other means of finding the truth. It’s not our fault that only the Regent has the Gift,” came the butcher’s consoling reply. 
The crowd murmured assertively. 
“After all it’s the way of our people,” the man stated.
“What you say is true, Butcher,” Alhar acknowledged. “But still, it’s a hard punishment and she is still a child. Our laws might be harsh, but we don’t hurt children. They are to be protected – at all times.”
“Children, yes; but not her. A Royal’s behavior needs to be exemplary; how can they lead otherwise? Besides, she is old enough to know better and take the consequences of her actions; she isn’t a three-year-old who is unaware of the way of things!” the butcher argued. “And if she can’t take the pain, she isn’t strong enough to live anyway.”
“The Healer can always put her to sleep if she should survive. But I can’t see that happen,” the cook said offhandedly. 
“Hear, hear,” someone shouted. 
“Just do it!” added another. 
“Or are you too afraid of the Regent to take action? ‘Cause then you are not fit to be Consul!” yet another shouted. 
“I am not afraid of anything,” an irate Alhar replied. “It simply doesn’t sit well with me to harm a child.”
“Pussy!”, “Chickenshit!”, “Coward!” the frenzied mass of people shouted at his defensive words.
“Enough!” he shouted over the noisy crowd. “If you want action, then you get action! But not without a vote. This decision has to be made by general consensus!” 
He paused to gauge the people’s reaction to that. 
Satisfied by the mob’s nods and murmurs of agreement, he went on. 
“Everyone in favor of the Bite raise their hands!” 
Alhar took in the mass of hands in the air with a little smile on his lips; even Kalani had raised his hand. 
“Now everyone against the Bite raise their hands!” 
Utter silence greeted him, everybody just standing there, motionless. 
“Then we have a decision: the girl gets subjected to the Bite of Truth. Guards, fetch the Healer and procure the Fire snake,” he ordered. “Let’s get this over with!”






Chapter 3


The guards came back ten minutes later with the snake and one of the Healers in tow, who looked thoroughly shocked. 
“Consul, you can’t really mean that! The Princess might be…different, but what did you expect after her childhood! Hasn’t she been through enough already? Just wait until the Regent is back; please!” the Healer begged in a fit of sympathy expected of her kind.
“I’m sorry, Jaza, but the vote was unanimous; my hands are bound. Please, do your work and either declare her dead or put her in a healing sleep on the off-chance she survives the Bite,” Alhar informed her. “Now stand back!”
He turned to the crowd and raised his hand to demand silence. The noise quieted down and the people stared at Alhar expectantly. The air was thick with the spectators’ heightened emotions – rage, bloodlust, malice, all of them were palpable. 
“Are you sure of your decision?” he asked the crowd. “If she is innocent, it will be one of you who will suffer along with her! Anyone?”
Again, no one moved; the tension increasing with every second. 


Sheba looked around, stunned by the hostility of the assembled group. She found her brother’s gaze, screaming inside in despair, but he only averted his eyes to her silent plea. Kalani outright ignored her and the rest stared at her with hatred and glee. Her heart stopped beating for a moment, and a heavy feeling spread through her body; it felt strange to realize that she would be facing death utterly alone in the midst of a hundred people. 
Nobody seemed to care enough about her to stand by her side, and even her brother couldn’t be bothered to speak on her behalf. She briefly wondered what he thought when sensing her despair through their bond. Didn’t it faze him at all? She had always looked after him when she felt even the slightest sign of distress of him; which had been often seeing that he had been a small, sickly little boy. 
Not that their mother had appreciated the effort. The Queen might have given birth to her, but she had refused to be a mother, her only interest being Tarek. From what she had learned from the servants back home, her mother had forgotten about her two minutes after she was born. Apparently a perfectly fine girl had held no value for her, whereas a boy, even small and sick, had apparently been a godsend. Even as a little girl, she knew that there had to be something seriously wrong if a mother forgot to feed her child on a regular basis. Thank the Goddess her father had deemed her suitable company for dinner, or she would have died of starvation long ago. 
The Consul’s voice startled her out of her thoughts. 
“Do you have anything to say for yourself, girl? This is your last chance!”
Resigned she shook her head. What was there to say? It wouldn’t make any difference either way. 
“Well, let’s proceed then!” 
He took the Fire snake from its basket and petted the serpent’s head, cooing, “Easy, girl, easy.”
Then Alhar took position in front of Sheba and began to speak the ritual words. 
“By the Law of Fire I seek your divine judgment, for I’m blind to see the truth. Oh mighty Nyx, Queen of the Desert, I humbly request to reveal the truth for all to see and judge whom we bring before you. Let the sacred serpent be your helpmate in your quest, for it shall convey the verdict.” 
With that, he gathered his considerable Erudite power and pushed it outwards straight into the Fire snake. The scarlet and orange colored animal began to glow in a yellow hue similar to the Consul’ sash and started to wind itself around Alhar’s hands. The hostile horde began to clap and stomp, chanting “Bite, Bite, Bite,” like a mantra. 
“Show us the truth,” Alhar spoke softly and threw the serpent at the pale trembling girl in front of him under the raucous cheers of the rowdy crowd. Then he waited.


Sheba tried instinctively to back away from the snake coming at her, but to no avail. The animal hit her forcefully at her chest and latched onto her so hard that it nicked the skin beneath her sturdy robe. In an impossibly fast move, the serpent flung itself up her body and sank its teeth into her throat, unloading its venom into the girl’s system. She knew she had to try and stay calm, but the unnatural fire in her blood was overwhelming. The venom spread through her body with enormous speed, leaving only a blaze of gut-wrenching agony behind. Knowing it was in vain, she had to suppress the urge to rip off her skin and make it stop. 
From there it only got worse, because the serpent had sneaked under her robe, travelling up and down her whole body and biting every bit of flesh in its way. The puncture wounds started to ooze blood, letting Sheba shake like a leaf. 
The only thing she knew then was that she hurt, all over. Still she refused to utter a sound. She was the Princess of Pyr, and though she was a disgrace, she wouldn’t add ‘wimp’ to her growing list of flaws. On the inside the venom had reached her core and pervaded every single inch of it. Like a force of nature the blaze burned everything in its wake and filled it with molten lava. Everything in her – her emotions, her memories, her identity – was destroyed, torn into a million pieces that were scattered on the minefield that was now her core. Her mind, a cold and clear entity now, followed the venom’s destructive path to the secret place that was the fount of her power. There it stopped.
Sheba drew on her last reserves and tried to erect a wall to protect her power, and, thus, her life; the divine poison just eradicated it, leaving only ashes behind. Next, it tried to turn on her power, but the tables were turning, it seemed. 
The vast impenetrable darkness of her core managed to confine the venom, effectively caging it. Sheba reinforced the walls by pushing more and more power into it and prayed that they were able to withstand the poison’s unrelenting pressure. If not, she would explode from the inside out, her body and soul not able to hold that much pure elemental force.
She felt her power expanding, spreading to the ruins of her soul and mending what was torn. It was a beautiful thing to behold; watching her self being put back together, how the broken pieces were molded into something new, something else. 
As she marveled at the perfection of it, she suddenly felt the Goddess’ power invade her. It flowed into every nook and cranny, examining every memory, every thought she had ever had. Suddenly it stopped; it must have found what it was looking for.
“I find you innocent, Sheba An-Pyr. Don’t be afraid; you are not alone, my child – you never were. Rest assured in the knowledge that I will watch over you as long as you need me to, little Idris.” 
Sheba gasped in shock at the Goddess’ compassionate words and felt a single tear born of utter misery and absolute, pure joy escape her impressive control.


The crowd watched the girl closely waiting for the truth to be revealed. They reveled in her obvious pain, and some of them even articulated their delight verbally. When they saw the tear running down her cheek, they began to cheer, interpreting it as a sign of guilt and hoping that they would get to witness her impending death. Hopefully, it wouldn’t be over too fast. However, for now they had to be patient, because, next, an image began to form with a golden shimmer in the air in front of the princess. Slowly the hazy mist solidified and a vision of the girl appeared. 
The Princess was walking to the stables with a bag in hand, accompanied by Kalani. 
“You have your carrots, girl?” he asked her.
She nodded. When the horses came into view, she began to run, her robe flattering behind her. Opening the corral gate she stopped in front of a white stallion, offering him one of the vegetables she had brought. The beautiful animal swallowed it whole and whinnied happily. Curious, the other horses drew nearer, nudging her for a treat. She chuckled and petted their heads, then went on to feed them. She had a happy look on her face, and appeared totally at ease in midst of the tall and proud animals that towered over her.
Though shy and hostile towards anyone but their chosen riders, the horses clearly loved her. They playfully rubbed their heads and flanks against her, almost knocking her over in the process, and followed her around like puppies as she bowed out under them to leave. 
Kalani waited for her to come and they made their way to the training area, the pair following the path that wound through the dunes ensuring its concealment. When Kalani joined the Warriors in the training ring, the girl went half way up a dune on the left and got comfortable. After some time of watching practice, she opened her bag and took out a carrot and a slice of Samani, the traditional breakfast bread made of corn flour and curcuma. After finishing her meal, she wiped her hands on her robe, leaving yellow stains. 
Shortly before the adults ended their practice, a bunch of young boys made their way back to the camp and stopped at her side. 
Safi, the Consul’s son, tugged on her robe and sneered, “If that isn’t our favorite freak! Can’t even eat properly, Princess, now can you? You resemble more the animals you are so fond of than a human, nowadays. Didn’t your mother teach you manners? ‘Cause you look like a pig. But maybe you are actually one, little idiot, since you have yet to make a noise other than grunting or squealing!” He laughed derisively. “At least they provide meat when they are dead, whereas you we would have to bury – who knows if your idiocy is contagious.” 
The rest of the group, including Tarek, cracked up at that jab and howled with laughter; they even called her a few choice words themselves. The girl snatched her robe away and stared at the boys with menace in her eyes. Rubbing at the stains, she looked at her grimy hands, and then, with a lightning-fast move, wiped her hands down Safi’s robe, thoroughly sullying it. 
She looked at him with wide innocent eyes and shrugged. The Consul’s son lost it then and called her a bitch, while pushing her down the dune in his anger; then he gathered his laughing posse and went on. The girl tumbled downwards and somehow landed on her feet in a distinct cat-like move in front of her guard. 
“You ready to roll, little mucky pup?” Kalani snickered and said goodbye to his fellows.
Together they jogged back to the camp where he went straight to Sita’s tent at the Hareem. He told her to sit tight and wait for him, then entered the tent. The girl did as ordered and avidly watched the busy life of the camp. 
A few minutes later a servant stepped out of the tent and almost stumbled over her. 
“Sorry, your Highness! I didn’t see you. Are you waiting for Kalani?”
The girl nodded. 
“Have you eaten already?” 
Sheba shook her head.
“Wait a minute, I’ll get you something. Leave it the big oaf to abandon you here without a thought.” 
With that, the servant went back in and came back with a red star apple. 
“Here, take that, your Highness; it is a left over from last week and quite old, but it’s better than nothing. If you are thirsty or need anything, come find me. Kalani won’t be out for some time yet.” 
“Thank you,” the girl said almost inaudibly and began to eat her apple. 
A few minutes later, the cook appeared. Screaming at her and shaking her hard, she tried to take the girl’s apple. When the girl refused and tried to escape the woman’s clutch by twisting her body in a sudden move, the cook stumbled back in surprise. The irate woman raised her hand to backhand the girl and…
The vision ended leaving only a glowing mist behind.

There was an eerie silence. No one moved or even twitched, and most just stood there with their mouths hanging open. 
The first one to recover was Consul Alhar. Clearing his throat, he said astonished, “Well, that was certainly a surprise!”
“Unbelievable,” the butcher said. “Who would have thought it?” 
“But, but, but,” the cook stammered again, “I was so certain that she did it. Why didn’t the servant say anything?” 
“It seems we have forgotten to include the Hareemi in our investigation,” the Consul remarked offhandedly. 
“But if she didn’t take the fruits, then who did it? I don’t see anyone in pain…” 
Before the butcher could finish his sentence, a piercing scream penetrated the hushed quiet. People turned towards the source and found the Prince of Pyr doubled over and writhing in agony. Jaza, the Healer, pushed the guards aside and rushed over to him without so much as looking at the girl who was the real victim.
“Oh my Goddess, boy, what did you do?” she muttered as she examined the boy. 
“What’s wrong with him?” Alhar wanted to know. 
“What do you think? Apparently he was one of those stealing the fruits! What do I do now?” 
“You could try and put him in a healing sleep, woman! His pain must be excruciating!”
“I can’t do that, Consul! The rules say he has to feel the same pain as the innocent for the same length of time. Only then can I induce the sleep. For goodness’ sake, how much longer will it be? The girl can’t have been in that much pain and still be standing!” she exclaimed. “Someone go and tell Riba to prepare a bed and a soothing tea, fast!”


At the sudden commotion, Sheba came out of her trance-like state and blinked a few times to clear her mind and focus on the scene before her. However, she was tempted to retreat again when all she felt was utter agony. But it was worth it, she thought; now they knew. 
She looked into the crowd expecting to see confusion, but instead found…nothing; everyone seemed to concentrate on something else. She saw the Healer’s robe stand out in the throng of people to her right; they had found their culprit then, she thought remembering the scream that had startled her before. Suddenly a guard ran by and the crowd parted, leaving her with a clear view of the Healer and her patient. 
She blinked in utter disbelief – once, twice – but the scene simply didn’t change. She felt her throat tighten, and suddenly she couldn’t breathe anymore. Her heart worked triple time, her pulse raced, and her body began to shake so hard she could hear her teeth chattering. Something broke in her; all she felt was despair and a betrayal so great that she couldn’t bear it anymore. All fight left her, and her eyes, usually glowing with keen vibrancy, now became dull, lifeless orbs. 
Sheba wiped the tears off her face that had begun to stream freely and stared at her wet hands, uncomprehending. When she raised her head again, she met her brother’s gaze. He looked at her with anger and hatred, all the while writhing and screaming. 
At first she didn’t understand, but then she grew very still and, all of a sudden, her pain and despair were gone – replaced by an icy coldness that knew no fear, no love, no hate. Like a big dark predator, it lurked in the shadows of her mind, carefully watching, observing, and assessing her surroundings. Everything was either a threat or not; survival at all costs was its only concern. 
She didn’t know what her brother saw in her eyes, but he paled even more and lowered his eyes. With that, her body gave way at last; there was no strength left in her anymore. 
“Traitor”, she whispered, as she sank to the ground.
Finally, she passed out. 
No one noticed.





AUTHOR’S NOTE


Thank you for downloading and reading Emerald Fire. This is an accompanying but stand-alone novella in my brand new Chronicles of Quiliaris series, and I hope you had the same pleasure reading as I had writing it. Discover more of Quiliaris in my full-length novel Soul of Fire, which features Sheba, Princess of Fire. 
If you liked the book, please leave a review somewhere, or if it wasn’t to your liking, I’d be happy to get your constructive criticism. It will support my writing and help me to improve your reading experience in the next books. 
For news and upcoming releases, please visit me on Facebook or on my homepage: www.carismcrae.com 
If you have questions concerning the book or the series or you want to share your thoughts and opinions, please contact me on Facebook or write an email to caris@carismcrae.com 

Best wishes,
Caris




About the Author
Caris McRae lives with her family and her pets in Austria. A major bookworm, she reads everything she can get her hands on from fantasy to paranormal romance. With four kids, she has an extensive knowledge about fairy tales, adventure stories, and everything else children from age four to twelve like to read. However, as great as these tales are, she decided to write her own version of them – for grown-ups.

