Peter Pan the Avenger
By R.S. Darling
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 R.S. Darling 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your
favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1 Slightly’s Slight
Lord Slightly was old and nearly done for when a scurvy idea crawled up into his noggin.	
If you shut your eyes and think real hard, and if you are blessed with wit, you might just realize what this idea is, and if you squeeze your lids just a little harder still, you will see it lying out in the open where anyone might stumble on it and stub their little piggies. It is not a pretty idea, no sir, but more like something a bloody pirate would think up.										
So let us hurry then with this idea, for Peter Pan is coming and he will not be long ignored.		
The old Lost Boy Slightly, now a lord of no great mention (except that he was believed to have lost his marbles) was sitting in his upstairs bedroom late one evening. The stars outside the window winked at him but he did not look, for their blinking always reminded him of Peter and he thought by snubbing them he would snub Pan.												
A silly idea, of course.													
His mind, or should I say his ‘Neverland,’ was swirling with images from his boyhood. Slightly tried, oh he tried ever so hard, to recall his youth with the Lost Boys, but every time he did, the rascally image of Peter Pan would intrude and ruin his pleasant recollections.							
Again the old man attempted to entertain pleasant, Pan-free memories, but the boy swooped in with his crowing and boasting and his rollicking manners and orders. It was quite a trick to be sure, as no descent grown man wishes to entertain thoughts of the Great White Father, as the Picanninies call Pan. 	
This was the 40,000th night the boy intruded on his memories. So, I am sad to say, Slightly had come to hate the boy.														
Here now I wish to warn you; the following is not for the cowardly custard of the group. What Slightly does here is not pleasant, not in the slightest. But if you are to understand where Asher—Pan’s greatest enemy since Jas. Hook—came from, then it must be told. So beware, but do continue.		
As he was popping off, a great and terrible thought sparked to life inside his mind. This spark sizzled and gave birth to a fire that, as Slightly fed it with deep musings, exploded into a full-blown conflagration potent enough to burn his Neverland to ashes and leave . . . a plan.		  		
“I will go to Number 14 and see if Peter Pan still lives,” he said to his shadow. “And if he does, then I shall . . . I shall—” but Slightly didn’t know exactly what he was going to do, though we can be sure it wasn’t going to be done with any kind of good form.							
Leaning on his silver cane, Slightly hobbled down the street to Number 14 and knocked on the door. After several minutes a woman, plump and only a few years of out girlhood, answered.		
“Can I help you?” she asked, peeping into the dark. Slightly was silent a moment.			
“Sir,” the woman said, “it’s midnight. What are you doing knocking on my door at—”	
Slightly cleared his throat. “Hello Jane,” for he knew it to be Wendy’s daughter. “It’s me, Lord Slightly Soiled. I was wondering if you needed a babysitter for young . . . I’m sorry dear, I’ve forgotten your dear girls’ name.”										
Jane relaxed on discovering that it was her mother’s old friend at the door. After all, no one fears a man who’s lost his marbles. “Margaret,” she said, naming her daughter. “And yes, I could use a sitter tomorrow night, if you wouldn’t mind. That would be just topping.” She smiled and shook Lord Slightly’s hand and they agreed upon a time and a wage.  While they were speaking downstairs, Margaret was being watched as she lay asleep in her bed, by a boy floating outside her window. 			
The next night Slightly showed up at seven of the clock and found a nice dark hiding place to sit in the old Darling bedroom . . .
To sit and to wait and to watch.											
Was he waiting to see if Peter was real or imaginary? An ever so kooky question, for there is no difference between real and make-believe where it concerns Peter Pan. 					
At the slivery moment between waking and sleep, when you do not know whether what you see is real or make-believe, that is when it is easiest to see Peter. It was in this moment, just as Slightly was nodding off, that he spotted Peter’s insolent shadow creeping along the wall above Margaret. Straight up the marble-less man stood, and rushed over to the window. After unlatching it he popped his head out to see if Peter was there.													
I am pleased to say that even though he looked all around, Slightly did not spot anything remotely Peteresque. Just as he was about to plop back down in his uneasy chair, he felt a slight breeze whisper past his shoulder. He twisted round to inspect the room.							
There is Peter, balancing on one foot atop Margaret’s footboard. If you look real close you can see that the tattered red coat he is wearing is the very coat Wendy sewed for him all those years ago while sailing home through the air on the Jolly Roger. The coat, now a faded pink, looks as though it has seen a hundred frightfully exciting adventures. Look! A wide gash in the fabric over Peter’s left breast. It seems a gaping maw, a scurrilous smile. Can you smell the sap on Peter’s skin? He wears it as cologne. And look, there is Wendy’s thimble hanging on a necklace, it is dangling dangerously close to Mrs. Darlings kiss, the one no one could get to, except of course for Peter Pan.						
More obvious than all that, to Slightly, was of course the smirk that hung gaily on Peter’s face.
Slightly backed away. Is this a dream, he wondered. His pumper was gushing whiz-bang like, you can be sure. He tripped on the step to the window and fell on his bum.						
Peter laughed once—only once, for more than that would simply be bad form. But when he saw that this funny person was a full grown man and that the man had not toppled out the window, Peter gnashed his pearls. Growing quickly bored with the grownup, Peter’s focus switched to the sleeping girl. He was about to rouse her from her slumber, when he noticed his shadow creeping away to his left.
Peter flew swift as a fairy after his shadow, but it did not matter, for his shadow moved ever so much quicker than he did. He stubbed his big toes banging into the wall and floated down to the foot of Margaret’s bed to have a cry. Poor Pan, you don’t remember but you have played this game a thousand times, and you have never bested your shadow. It is your foil.							  All the ruckus he’d made had woken the little girl. Margaret threw her blankets aside and looked down at Peter. “Boy,” she asked, “why are you crying?”								
Like a Never flower in the morning, Peter sprouted to his full height—which wasn’t all that much, really. With fists placed defiantly on his hips, Peter bowed low to the wee girl. Producing a smile that could melt the heart of even the coldest witch, he said, “Are you ready for our spring cleaning Wendy? Oh what joys we shall have. I really do not see why you stay here when you could live with me in the Neverland, chasing coyotes and killing Indians.”								
Margaret looked at the boy who never grows up and told him what she had told him twice before: “I am Margie, Wendy was my Nana, but she is gone now. Surely you haven’t forgotten me Peter?”	
Oh but he has, my dear little Margie, and really, you should know better by now. 			
“Do you remember that blue fairy uprising we put out two summers ago?” she ventured. “We spent so many wonderful nights together in our little house in the trees after that. Oh Peter, tell me you remember?”  														
Peter in fact remembered—vaguely—the blue fairy uprising. He remembered giving many hidings to those mischievous blue pixies, but it seemed to him that he’d been alone when he’d done this. But Peter, ever acting in the best form (by not realizing it was good form, which is the very best good form there is) saw how close the girl was to tears and decided to cheer her up.					
“You are a girl, so if you say it was you, I must believe it was,” he said gallantly. “Let us be going though, I must get back and rest after the great things I have done on my way over here. Oh I am such an adventurer, aren’t I Wendy?”								 				
He had not actually done any great things on his way to Number 14, but that did not stop Peter from believing he had, for on many other occasions he had in fact done great things.			
Margaret huffed and crossed her arms, clearly miffed.					 			
But, all children wish to go with him to the Neverland. So when Peter offered his hand during her next breath, Margaret squeaked with delight and took it.							
Together they flew off into the dark night.										
You are thinking that I have forgotten Slightly. Well in fact I have not. I just wanted to show you what it is like for Peter Pan. Like the fairies, he tends to focus on only one thing at a time. But you already know this, so I will go on and tell what Slightly’s been up to.						
While Peter rocked on the floor rubbing his big toe, Slightly sneaked up behind him and pricked Peter with the smallest of needles. He withdrew the plunger, sucking out a bit of Peter’s blood. The boy was in too much pain from his toe to notice a mere prick on his shoulder. When Slightly was done with his secret service, he withdrew to have his own adventure. We must forgive him for leaving Margaret when he was supposed to be sitting her, for she was now with Peter.						
The first thing Lord Slightly did when he got home was call his son Neville, a geneticist. That’s a fancy kind of grownup word for a fancy kind of grownup doctor. The next morning Slightly took Peter’s blood to Neville. “It is Pan’s blood,” the old man insisted when Neville laughed at him. 			
“Now I know you’ve lost every one of your marbles,” Neville chided his pop. “But I’ll test it.”	
Neville once believed in Peter Pan and even had his own Neverland back when he was very young. In fact, it was the idea of Pan’s endless youth that prompted Neville to become a fancy doctor in the first place. That smidge bit of child still inside him (that’s still inside all of us—maybe) made him test the blood sample. 														
And right glad he was that he did!											
The results were . . . but I don’t want to bore you with details. Let’s just say while he was doing these grownup things in his lab, Peter and Wendy-I-mean-Margaret, flew to the Second to the right and straight on ‘til morning, where they enjoyed many adventures with the new Lost Boys. They were not quite the same adventures that Peter had once had, back when Hook was alive and Tinkerbell was still flittering around his head. But Peter did not recall these friends and foes and so he did not regret or even know what he was missing.											
This is an uncomfortable thought, but we must be honest and true to history, or we would be hacks. Speaking of fallen friends and foes, while these new adventures were going on, Slightly found his quietus, never knowing for sure if he had seen Peter Pan for real or pretend that night. 
After a year or two in the Neverland with Peter (it may have been longer, Time is a funny funny thing on the Island), Wendy-I-mean-Margaret began to miss her mother in the other world. One day she asked Peter “Would you come with me back home?”									
Peter, a bit peeved that Wendy-I-mean-Margaret would even consider leaving Neverland, turned his back on her and crossed his arms over his chest.									
The girl, seeing how her words had affected him, touched his shoulder and felt a tingle scurry up her arm. “I can wait. Let’s go see what Tommy is up to.” She smiled in response to Peter’s own smirk and together they flew off to find the Lost Boy. (Actually, Peter flew, dragging the girl with him.)	
Wendy-I-mean-Margaret continued to put off the day of her departure in deference to Peter’s feelings. Besides, she did so love the Neverland and being with Peter.						
But the Day came (the Day always comes, doesn’t it?) when she could no longer hide her growth from the boy. Peter was floating up near the clouds, slicing naughty figures into them with Johnny Corkscrew which of course was Mister Smee’s old dagger, when he looked down. There, bathing in the water was a woman. A grown woman! 											
Well, you can be sure Peter would have none of this. He swooped down as Wendy-I-mean-Margaret was donning her white dress. Poor girl, she was peeping out of her clothes in every direction and there were unsightly bulges where smoothness had reigned only months earlier.				
Peter stood a few feet off the ground, peeping at this grownup girl.		 				
“That does it!” he cried. “You are banished from the Neverland. You are my friend no more. Be gone.” He turned his back on her.
She wept bitterly and pleaded with Peter, but the boy would only say “Why did you have to grow up? You ruin everything. No. I will take you back to your home where you can grow and do boring grownup things and die.”												
“Come with me,” she said, tugging on his arm.									
He shook her off. “No. I want always to be a boy and not even a girl can make me grow up.”
Chapter 2 Never Not in Neverland
Peter dropped Margaret off in Number 14. Her mother, now fat with days and worry, exploded in joy on seeing her long lost daughter. Disgusted, the boy zipped away.						
He was flying all nippy like past the stars, many of whom winked at him. Some of the littlest winked too, even though Peter had blown them out many times on past ventures while playing his games. You must remember that Peter Pan was only a very small boy—he still had his baby teeth! So it was not surprising that the stars paid him this honor.									
As he broke though the film which separates Neverland from the other world, the Island sprang to life. The little white bird in Hooks Lagoon fluttered and flapped her wings, the coyotes yelped and the Indians whooped; a male Hippogriff strutted his stuff for the pleasure of his female, and flowers of every sort, hundreds of them, bloomed. Yes, Neverland was bursting with color, making rainbows everywhere blush with embarrassment.												
Lest we forget, the two suns also rose as Peter emerged, to beam their happy light onto his face. And Mister Moon popped off, right glad for the return of the boy, whose absence ever and anon sends him up into the skies.														
The Lost Boys sensed their chief’s return and pointed their peepers up to search the clouds for him. When they spotted him zooming downwards, they began to clap, just as Peter liked it. At this time there were five boys: firstly there was Tommy, who despite being the eldest at fifteen years, was so immature that he appeared quite the youngest and had no trouble fooling Peter. Tommy, tall and duded up in a wardrobe that was a mockery of a respectable boy, assumed a sort of dominance among the Lost Boys whenever Peter was gone—without realizing that they allowed this out of humor. Secondly there was Jespersen, the youngest and smallest. 									
I’m not sure why Peter didn’t banish him for presuming to be smaller than he was, but perhaps it was because he enjoyed such fine times pretending Jespersen was a baby. Due to his long silly ass name and his tiny stature, Jespersen was always referred to as Michael. Two boys who had been friends escaping from their mothers in Kensington Gardens, and who had been found there by Peter, were so similar in appearance that the conceited boy simply called them One and Two interchangeably. They once tried explaining to him that they were dopplegangers, but since Peter had no idea what they were talking about, he cuffed their hands and said, ‘Enough with that blather.’ The fifth Lost Boy was a quiet lad who insisted on always wearing a tight green Halloween costume in homage to Peter Pan, who was of course his favorite storybook hero. His name was Nodd, and his hair was dark as the inside of a gator, with peepers to match. Despite his quiet nature, Nodd was quite the bloodthirstiest of the Lost Boys, often slaughtering animals and Indians indiscriminately. Indeed, the others would often have to restrain him from a fight.														
They stopped clapping as Peter landed on the morass and immediately set into his crowing. “You should have seen me boys! I put out three stars with one blow, knobs and hobgoblins you sure missed out.”
Tommy scanned the heavens for signs of mother—and found none. He nudged One (it might have been Two, I’m not sure) in the gut to point out this issue. One (or Two) did the same to Two (or One) and so on. When the nudge fest reached Michael-I-mean-Jespersen, the lad cried: “Where is mother? Is she in the little house in the trees still? Should we run and play the whisper game on her?”			
Peter, a smidge miffed that they didn’t clap at the end of his tale, now recalled his recent chore of banishing Wendy-I-mean-Margaret. 											
“She was growing up,” he said, “so I had to banish her. Be sure you do not follow in mother’s steps or I shall banish you as well.” He could see how deeply this declaration hurt his boys, so Peter, displaying excellent good form, offered them a new adventure.							
He flew over to Michael-I-mean-Jespersen, who sat playing on the ground. “Michael, shall we see what the blue fairies are up to? Perhaps they are fighting. Suppose we join sides until the noon tide guides us?”																
He spoke with such delightful enthusiasm that Michael-I-mean-Jespersen and the others soon forgot their absent-mother-woes. They took up running, guided by Peter flying overhead. Like a kite he whistled along, east to Barrie Forest where those silly blue fairies live. Before we meet these fairies, I think perhaps I should let you in on one or two of their secrets.						
Unlike the white and mauve ones, blue fairies are neither boys nor girls, and so they do not have their own little fairies. Instead, these blue buggers are created when a baby tries to speak for the very first time, because as we all know, babies do not actually say anything on their first try, despite what their mothers would have us believe. And so they are themselves not easily understood; even Peter has trouble understanding their peculiar speech. It does not help that they often forget what it is they are saying while still speaking. Blue fairies, as you are about to see, are not entirely on anyone’s side, and though they have the strength and magic to ferry children to the Neverland, they rarely ever do this, as there is no profit in it for them. In conclusion: unless you are Peter Pan, it is both unwise and unprofitable to try and deal with a blue fairy.									
In Barrie Forest Peter alighted on one of the branches of a great white fairy tree. He crowed loudly to announce his presence, a thing unneeded, as all Never creatures experience a slight tingling in their fingers whenever Peter is near.											
A rather eerie bluish white light shot out of a knot hole in the tree and proceeded to buzz around Peter’s noggin. The boy reached out and spanked the light until it settled down on a branch to rub its sore bum. Its flesh was such a bright flickering light that it seemed the heart of a god. When it walked over to Peter it stumbled like a drunken pirate. Fairies, after all, are most comfortable and natural when flying through the air; they are not so elegant when they walk. 							
“What is your name?” Peter asked it.										
The smidge blue imp answered in a sing-song voice. Sadly, I cannot say that it was understood or that Peter was patient with it. The truth is that they both displayed rather bad form.			
“What’s that coming out of your gobbler?” Peter asked.							
The fairy shook its fist at the boy and responded in a gobbledygook that, unfortunately, Peter was convinced was meant as an insult. “So are you,” he snapped in desperation.				
Now completely bamboozled by Peter’s inability to comprehend, the blue fairy flittered up to his nose and twitched it. Peter tried to slap it away but this time the fairy skittered to safety in time. Now they went full tilt at each other.												
“Shut up!” Peter said.													
“Shut up!” the fairy probably said.											
They turned their backs on each other. That was when the little bugger relented and displayed surprising magnanimity. It whisked up to Peter’s ear and whispered (if I am not mistaken) “I am Blinkin.”
It might just as likely have been saying: I’m blinking.								
Peter faced the blue fairy. His smirk had returned. After bowing, Peter shook the tiny hand the fairy offered and said, “Are there any adventures to be had round here you know about?”			
In the blue fairy way, Blinkin said, “Perhaps I do know about one, but what will you trade for the hearing of it, hmm?”														
After darting round to hide his devilish grin and the rubbing of his hands, Peter faced Blinkin again and offered the greatest gift in his quiver: “Tell me what adventure there is to be had I shall make you my own fairy and you may come with me on all my adventures.”							
Quite an irresistible offer, to be sure.										
They slapped hands and sped off, Blinkin leading the way to the first of their many adventures together. Peter could not help crowing, “Oh the cleverness of me!”
                       Chapter 3 Asher Breaks Through		       	
Neville spent years toiling in his lab, doing dreadfully boring grownup things, until he too grew old and done for. His work on Pan’s blood passed on to his son. Still more years passed. With the addition of many sickly sweet medicines and other things Peter knew nothing about, Neville’s son did what Neville could not: he and his team of geneticists used Peter’s blood to create a tiny little egg.	This egg, under a special kind of warmth—though not nearly as special as a mother’s warmth—quivered with life. After many days the egg grew into a baby and then into an infant boy. 						
I don’t need to tell you that this boy was the spitting image of Peter Pan, but I will anyway, because when I saw him, it creeped me out.					
He was in his nursery one night, listening to the doctor people talking about their plans for him. ‘He’s going to fatten our accounts like nobody’s business. You think he has any of Pan’s gifts?’ Another voice answered: ‘If not now, maybe he will when he grows up.’							
Asher, for that was his name of course, wanted nothing to do with these twisted men folk. So, when no one was looking, he escaped from his nursery out into the wide world. Where did he run? To Kensington Gardens, and just as quickly as his little legs could take him. It was in the Garden near some bushes not far behind the Elfin Oak, that Asher saw his first bit of magic. 				
A baby laughed for the first time, and even though it was a wrinkly, ugly baby, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, one of which was much brighter than all the rest. This laughter-shard began to fly around Asher’s head before shooting off into the blue blanket sky. Later that same day a lady in black robes spotted Asher roaming the park, trying to make babies laugh. She stooped down and picked him up. He tried wriggling away, but this lady was far too strong for that trick. Within the hour she dropped him off in a large nasty old building called Ormond’s Home for Children.					
It was in this building that Asher learned ALL CHILDREN GROW UP. In bed one day he overheard a reading of a delightful story that would change everything. Do you know the name of this story? I thought you did. 														
Asher, a conceited boy to be sure, streaked out of bed that night and nabbed the storybook he’d heard being read earlier. With the aid of a girl in red, he soon learned to read. The book, a paperback copy with a few dozen dog ears, became quite draggled as he poured over it again and again, countless times. So much did he love the story, that he decided, ‘Neverland is where I will live.’				
During his nights in Ormond’s, Asher created his own Neverland, a phantasmagoria—sound it out, you’ll get it—of upside downy things; face-painted pirates, Indians with hooks for hands, and a boy of the modern age running things. With an imagination to rival Pan, Ash realized he was not like the other boys in the orphanage. Though a pleasing thought, sure as sure, this did not give him all that he wanted.
“These dogs can teach me nothing,” he said, and soon escaped from Ormond’s Home. 		
He knew he was not yet ready for Pan’s Neverland. Scouring the city, he found a man who taught him to swordfight. But three years later this man noticed Asher was not growing properly. So the boy moved on, finding ways to feed and clothe himself (many of these ways were not precisely of a good form nature). He favored black t-shirts and black jeans that fit him real smartish like. 				
Rain drizzled and thunder grumbled for many nights. Finally, when his patience was wearing thin as coffee filters, the heavens cleared and out came the mothers with their babes to Kensington Gardens.
A youngish mother with a wee girl no bigger than Asher’s leg sat twiddling her thumbs on a cell phone near the Pan statue. Ash strolled by the stroller holding the baby. Yes, he thought, she’s young enough, she’ll do.										 					
Oh what a conniver you are, Asher, sure as sure. We will watch out for you.		
From the bushes young Asher made silly faces at the baby girl. His face was all stretched out like taffy by the time he decided to move on. This babe has no sense of humor, he mused. But he was not one to give up easily. Asher closed his peepers and imagined that the stroller was rolling down the hill. A cool gust of wind rushed overhead. It chilled him for a single glistening tick. 					
The stroller moved.													
Here we must leave behind the mother who, sorry to say, was much too busy with her phone to notice her baby being taken by a boy in black.										
Asher caught the stroller and swept the baby girl off to a lonely hidey-hole. Once again he tried to make her laugh. Now, Asher possessed many of Peter Pan’s skills, but tragically he did not possess a sense of humor. “Blast it all!” he swore after failing for the tenth time. “This baby is defective too.”	
He needed a more dastardly plan. Luckily for him, he was, as they used to say, a dastard hand. 
Digging into his big noggin, he pulled out a most underhanded and sinister plan. Asher slapped his face. That did it. The baby girl laughed for the first time, producing a topping white fairy. White fairies are of course very loyal once they find someone to be loyal to, and this girl fairy found a friend in the cunning Asher. 															
“Mag Mell,” he said, having long ago decided on a name. “Take me to the Neverland.”	
There were problems with this demand, not the least of which was the rudeness of ordering a fairy around without buying her a drink first, and the fact that Mag Mell was much too young to carry anyone, and that she didn’t yet know the way to the Neverland. Actually, she did, as all fairies inherently know the way, but she was too young to know that she knew.						
Asher grabbed Mag Mell and shook her ever so much over his head, dousing himself with her potent fairy dust. Releasing her, he said, “Second to the right and straight on ‘til morning Mag Mell!”
Coated now with fresh young fairy dust, Asher thought his happiest thought—ruling Neverland beside his hero Peter Pan—and his feet lifted off the ground. As he ascended behind Mag Mell, Asher could hear the harried cries of a mother.											
There were many bumps and bruises along the way, for Asher was still a novice flyer. Together the boy and his fairy skirted through the firmament like two lights of the eternal realm, and when they reached those naughty blinking stars, Asher began to feel a tingling in his arms and legs, not unlike the sensation Never creatures feel around Peter. It was the Neverland pulling him in.				
He burst through the film with Mag Mell; an explosion of light in the north heralded the first sunrise of a third sun over Neverland. “I’m home,” Asher rejoiced. He settled into the green fields of Pixie Prairy. Hundreds of tiny lights came flittering out of their cubby holes to flitter and jingle and jangle around the new arrivals. These mauve fairies didn’t know what to make of this boy who looked just like Peter but who was not. 														
“Who are you?” dozens of mauve sprites queried Asher in tinkling voices.					
Our boy settled his bum onto a stump and pondered this question. I don’t know exactly which corridors Asher used and which doors Asher opened to uncover his black plan, but I dare say they were deep and silent and certainly cobwebby. In a voice that could curl a robots spine, he responded:		
“I am Asher, your prince. Now tell me, where is Peter Pan?”							
“He is off island,” a particularly drunken fairy answered as he sidled up to Asher on his stump. Picture it; the lad in black sitting on his stump like a prince on his throne, lights buzzing all around like a hundred milling subordinates. Oh I am quite certain Asher was enjoying it.					
He spent many days getting acquainted with the island and its numerous citizens, all the while searching for Pan. Asher was gorging on a bangomelon when Bob the fairy whizzed over and whispered something in his ear. Asher dropped the bangomelon rind and leaped into the air in pursuit of Pan.	
The western sun was setting down for the night when Asher spotted his hero playing in the trees with his Lost Boys. It seemed Peter was explaining—through a series of dastardly moves—his latest exploits with someone named Blinkin. Asher smiled and landed on a tree opposite Pan.			  
Peter was so involved with his story about himself that he failed to notice the boy landing behind him. Michael-I-mean-Jespersen however did notice, and he stared dumbstruck at the black clad boy who looked just like Peter. The Lost Boys were all so distracted by this mirror-Pan that when Peter finished his tale, they failed to clap—which was a very naughty oversight indeed. 					
“What is the matter, boys?” Peter asked. “Did you not hear my tale? Have you all got beeswax in your ears?”														
Michael-I-mean-Jespersen pointed behind his chief, whereupon Peter turned and saw in the waning light a small pleasant-looking dark outline of a boy. Asher offered his most dashing smile, for he was finally face to face with his hero. But Peter, oh, Peter. He was certain he had caught his shadow spying on him. He smiled, and his was far more endearing a smile than Asher’s, I must say, for in the dark boys expression there was a smidge bit of Hook, a few drops of sinister to be sure.			
Peter darted straight at Asher, expecting it to run off in a flash as always. Instead he flew into a solid being. So shocked were both boys that they tumbled to the ground.					
Peter unsheathed Johnny Corkscrew and put it to Asher’s throat. “What cozening is this? Answer me or I shall run you through.”												
Asher, recovering quickly from the shock, lifted off the ground, straight up into the air a few inches. He then bowed low as he had read of Peter doing on his meeting with Wendy. “I am Asher of the other world. I have come here to have adventures with the great Pan.” He had to shut up a tick as Mag Mell tugged on his shirt. Asher nodded and spoke, “And this Mag Mell,” whereupon the fairy landed theatrically on his outstretched palm.										
Peter put up his sword and slowly circled the strange boy. He was still not convinced Asher was not his shadow, but instead thought that his shadow had somehow learned to speak. Probably those mischievous blue fairies taught him, he thought, forgetting for a minute about Blinkin. Peter laughed and hovered off the ground, a few squirts higher than Asher. He crossed arms. Asher mimicked him, which was not a good idea, as it only reinforced Peter’s belief that Asher was his shadow. Not to be outdone, Peter shot up into the twilight sky. Asher followed suit, surprising Peter, who, sensing that a grand new game was afoot, pushed himself ever faster and higher. But no matter how fast and far he flew, Asher was always right there behind him, like a pesky dirty-bird shadow.						
Asher was having the time of his life, ignorant of the fact that he was not making a terribly good first impression. But then, first impressions don’t really mean much where it concerns Peter Pan.
Without preamble Peter dropped out of the heavens and dived right into the lagoon—under the waters! Asher halted just above the surface in stunned silence. He had lost his first game against Peter. Far out in the lagoon, Peter erupted like a geyser and flew back to his home in the Never trees. Left behind to consider recent events, Asher stood awhile amid the shapeless lagoon, admiring the incredible impossible colors created by a triple-sunset. He stood now upon Marooners Rock as the horizon wept with shades of dying fire.												
In the quiet stillness he thought he heard singing, and then he remembered the story of the mermaids. “Come out, oh won’t you come out to me?” he asked of the singing mermaids. Three or four peeped their heads out of the water about thirty yards away, looking at him with their dark and mysterious peepers. 														
No matter how much Asher pleaded with them, they would come no closer. He looked like Peter, but he didn’t fool them, for mermaids are much too wise to be duped by a clone.			
However, despite their wisdom, they were shocked to see him take off in flight. Asher headed east to find Peter, but when he could not, he fell down asleep among a tangle of weeds. He did not know it, but he had found the very tree where the Lost Boys slept thirty feet overhead. During the night a crew of rabble-rouser fairies stumbled home from a party. Asher was lying directly in their path. Over his body they weeble-wobbled, many taking the time to tweak his nose.						
The next morning Tommy climbed down from the house to take his morning piss. At the foot of the tree he stepped on Asher, waking the boy. “What are you doing sleeping out here Peter?”			
“I am Asher,” Asher corrected. “And you must be a Lost Boy.”					
Tommy screwed up his face and realized that Peter must be playing a game. Knowing better than to call his chief out when the chief was pretending, Tommy said, “Yes, I am a Lost Boy and my name is Tommy.”														
“Where is your house, Tommy?”										
Tommy pointed up and Asher flew straight up to the house. The Lost Boy, forgetting he hadn’t taken his morning piss, followed Asher, climbing up after him. Asher bumped noggins with Peter as the boy was leaving the Wendy House. Peter whipped out his sword and asked in his most captainy voice:	
“Who are you? Speak true or I shall—”										
“Run me through,” Asher finished for him. “Yes I know. But we met yesterday, remember?”		
Peter waved this off as though the answer was too boring to speak, and then took off to find some food. He may have sped off to take a piss, I do not know. I do not know if Peter ever takes a piss, for no one has ever seen him take one.										
Michael-I-mean-Jespersen and One and Two followed while Tommy and the suspicious Nodd lingered behind with Asher. Nodd looked him up and down and then side to side with a strained look on his face. Braving a closer inspection, he plied Asher’s face with his fingers, as if searching for something secret and quite hidden. At last satisfied that this secret hidden thing existed within Asher, Nodd withdrew his sword and, like a proper English gentleman, waited for Asher to do the same.			
As this green-clad Lost Boy seemed intent on running him through, Asher sighed but withdrew his own sword, a small knobby deal he’d found during his time in Pixy Prairie. He didn’t know it, but the sword had once belonged to Nibbs. 												
Now, as it happens to all of us at some point in our lives, Asher found himself that day in a position that he had never expected; he was fighting one of the Lost Boys. 					
In their defense, Tommy and Nodd did not remember seeing this Peter imposter the night before, but let us see what Peter is up to across the island. When last we saw him he was foraging for grub, which he and the boys sometimes found in the south end of Pixy Prairie. 						
On this particular day they sat down on a fairy made table. Peter began eating first, as was the rule. He hoisted a frothy drink and guzzled it heartily. There wasn’t any drink, not really, frothy or otherwise. It was all a pretend. However, on such occasions when on a whim Peter played the food game, he was not aware that he was playing; to him the food really was there.	  				
The stomachs of One and Two gurgled in sync. All they could do was play along. If they pointed out the food was only pretend, Peter would wrap their knuckles. Tommy had the bruisiest of knuckles. He never learned. One (or Two) was a gaunt boy and he decided to use his thinness. He lifted his shirt to show Peter his protruding ribs and concave stomach.									
Peter looked and then pointed in front of him. “Why not eat your gator sandwich then?”		
And a delicious looking sandwich, all drizzled with gator grease and mustard appeared in front of him on the table. One (or Two) gobbled it up greedily while the other boys yanked up their shirts to reveal more ribcages. Michael-I-mean-Jespersen didn’t have much of a rib cage to display, but it worked anyway; food was popping up everywhere on the table now.							
Tommy, Nodd and Asher showed up to join them. Nodd had a black eye and a bloody cloth wrapped round his left arm.													
Peter, observing Asher, thought it would be a topping fine game to pretend this new Lost Boy (whom he couldn’t recall ever meeting) was invisible. He dropped his goblet and stood. “I am going for a walk,” he announced almost solemnly. He could hardly contain his laughter as he walked away like a serious grownup. The boys broke out into laughter as well, for the sight of a solemn Pan was indeed cause for riotous laughter. 													
When he was out of sight, Peter took off for the sky to fly with Blinkin.					
Now, he spent so much time flying with the pixies Peter sometimes moved and behaved like them, experiencing only one glorious emotion at a time. Indeed, he enjoyed many grand adventures with the gaggle of curious Never creatures. I should like to tell you of them all, but we haven’t time but for one tale, for Asher is about to . . . 											
But we will get to Asher and his dastardly ways soon enough. Let us indulge in one joyous Peter tale before we uncover the Day of Days. It is important, imperative even, that we hear this tale, for we must understand why Peter so loves Neverland and why Neverland so loves Peter.				
I am flipping a buffalo nickel. Tails, I will tell you the tale of Peter and the Hawks; heads I will tell you the tale of Peter and the Indians. 											
It is heads. One nippy story and then we return to Asher to discover the darkness in his heart.
Chapter 4 Lost Boys and Indians
Those bloodthirsty Piccaninny Indians were out prowling the trails again, looking for a fight as they so often do when Peter is around. Like most Never creatures, the Piccaninny’s had no quarrel with the boy, but they did have one with the Mesquites, who had recently taken one of their young women as a forced bride. As the Pic’s circled the dusty footpaths looking for a fight, the Mesquite tribe, with their bows and tomahawks, were in their village preparing their new bride to be wed to the prince.	
It began in an almost silly matter, as most battles do. Little Elbow spotted the Mesquite camp through a V made from a pair of trees. As he leaned forward, he accidentally scared a nesting bird which drew the attention of the Mesquites. Princess Lakota of the Mesquites quickly noticed Little Elbow’s painted face through the V and shot an arrow at the warrior. It was not pretty and so I’ll spare you the details. This event triggered the battle. The little white bird never returned to her nest in the V, and was so upset about this that she spent the rest of her days dropping little white presents onto the heads of both tribes. 																
I don’t blame her.													
Indians on both sides charged. Many fell. Some whooped. The Pic’s gained the upper hand—and waved it about in a pretty victory dance. But the Mequites were not quitters, no sir. They rallied for one last charge. A doomed charge and everyone knew it.									
That’s when Peter swooped in like an owl after its mousy dinner. Seeing that they Pic’s were about to slaughter their enemies, he plunged his sword into the nearest cheering Pic. Princess Lakota shouted her thanks at Peter. They fought side by side until the tide changed and the Mesquites, aided by Peter, nabbed the upper hand. Peter crowed:										
“I have turned the tide all on my own. Oh the cleverness of me.” 						
But, as always he believed in fairness and, noticing the dozen Pic’s lying all draggled on the grass (most having tasted Johnny Corkscrew), he switched sides. Raising his sword he flew over the corpses to fight beside the Picaninny’s. “I am a Picaninny today! Peter Pan has spoken.”					
“The Great White Father has spoken,” the Pic’s cheered, already forgiving him his atrocities.
Picking up their tomahawks, the Pic’s charged after the Mesquites to carve them up. During the remainder of the battle, Peter’s laughter could be heard, and I dare say the sound of Johnny Corkscrew slicing through . . . well, it was all rather tragic really. It’s not that he enjoyed killing so much, but that he thought it so very clever and proper to always fight on the losing side.					
The suns were all nestled snug in their beds by the time the battle ended. It ended like this: There were so few Indians of either tribe that Peter lost interest and took flight to return home for the night with his Lost Boys. The surviving Indians were so relieved that they embraced each other and that is why the Picaninny and Mesquite tribes are united to this day.								
He would never admit it of course, but Peter was dreadfully tired, so tired in fact that he didn’t even make it up to the Wendy House. Instead, he plopped down at the base of a tree in Barrie Forest. Blinkin rested on his shoulder, infinitely proud to be the fairy of Peter Pan himself. As they rested Mister Moon rose. Wild animals popped off and flowers retreated into themselves. Peter muttered in his sleep, “You’re too old for Neverland Wendy.” 										
His peepers popped open. He saw a shadow of Wendy shivering a few feet before him. It seemed to be looking at him but soon wafted away.							   			
From overhead came the whisperings of his Lost Boys. They were going on about one of his outlawed subjects. Tommy: “I remember that my mother made me my dinner meat, and always cutted it up into tiny pieces. Was it so with your mother, Nodd?” “Ay,” Nodd responded solemnly, though he had no idea if this was so. “My mother also cutted up my meat. Was it so with your mother, One?”	
“Ay,” One (or Two) responded, “it was so with my mother. Was it . . .”					
One (or Two) was cut off when Peter’s head appeared in the door of the house. “No talking of mothers! They are terrible creatures who only want their little boys to grow up so they can become boring men who go to offices.” 												
And with that the subject of mothers was done for.								
The Lost Boys stood gawking at their chief, waiting for his instructions. He was indeed about to satisfy their patience, when he observed Asher standing among his boys. Now Peter could usually remember the different peoples of Neverland, it was when he went to the other world that his noodle really got baked. Something about Asher affected him just the same as the other world did. Even though they had met a few times since Asher had arrived on the island months earlier, this was for Peter like meeting him for the first time.												
Sensing another game afoot, Peter began making strange motions to confuse his shadow.		
Asher was now thoroughly angry with Peter for once again pretending (as he thought) not to recognize him. He did not move in response to Peter’s kooky movements. But then Peter rushed at him, as if he were trying to catch his shadow. This time Asher stepped aside. Peter clunked to the floor of the Wendy house and scuffed his knee. The boys all burst into laughter.						
Their chief stood up slap-dash like. A terrible look crinkled his face. Michael-I-mean-Jespersen, sensing a hiding, said, “That was mostly not funny boys. I did not laugh anyway. Did you laugh, Tommy?”
Tommy said, “I did not laugh. Of course not. Did you laugh Two?”						
Two was about to respond in the negative when Peter yelled, “Shut up!” It was then that he noticed it was not his shadow after all, but another boy, one dressed in black and still laughing. He withdrew Johnny Corkscrew and screamed at the imposter shadow. “Have at thee!”				
Even if he is playing, he will draw blood, Asher thought. 							
Peter reared back and lunged at Asher. Though still a bit shocked, Asher flew backwards, narrowly avoiding being disemboweled. For a few ticks he stood leaning against the back wall of the Wendy house, goggling at Peter. I dare say I can understand Asher’s fury at the boy for never remembering him. But what he does next is pushing the envelope and downright scurvy.					
Asher swung at Peter with every intention of slicing the boy in two. Peter slapped aside the offending sword while belching a hearty laugh. The Lost Boys cowered in the shadows as Peter and Asher shot out of the house and up into the sunrise. 									
Peter defended a rather fine slash at his throat. “Not bad,” he crowed, “for an imposter!”		
He darted towards Asher, swung twice and then before the black-clad boy could respond, he whipped around behind him. As Peter crowed and boasted his prowess, Asher began to recall his days under the tutelage of his sword master. Embracing these memories, he zipped forward and cuffed Pan in the side of his noggin with the flat of his sword. While Pan hovered, stunned, Asher scored his pirate coat, turning it into a cotton ragamuffin which fell down onto Michael-I-mean-Jespersen. 		
Flinging off the last ragged tatters, Peter switched hands to battle Asher with his left. Like a shadow, Asher did the same. Peter could not decide whether this surprised or angered him and, deciding on neither, engaged Asher in fine good spirits. As they battled, fuzzy images of an old man with a hook for a hand plagued Peter. These images of a hook slashing at him distracted theboy. Asher, never one to avoid grabbing the advantage, swung wide to the left. His blade kissed Pan’s face. Fortunately it was only a peck. The boys were racing into the sunrises now, stabbing and slashing and diving and crowing. It was a noble sight to be sure. 										
Beware Peter, you are about to learn a terrible truth.								
As Asher bore down on him, close enough to taste the sweet sugar of victory, Peter’s ticker missed a beat. He thought I might die here. But he was not like other boys, and so he soon overcame this fear and his ticker only missed that one beat. Now it ticked on harder in excitement. What would he find on the other side? What glorious games awaited him in the Happy Hunting Grounds?				
“To die here today,” he said, “would be an awful big adventure, imposter shadow.”			
To which Asher responded, “Then why don’t you find out, proud and insolent boy!”			
He sliced Peter’s arm, a mean gash but no vitals were slashed. Peter gawked at the wound for a moment. That tick was just long enough for Asher to run him through.					
Peter fell out for the sky and splashed into Hooks Lagoon. A hint of a smile creased his lips as he hit the water. Let us take a moment here to honor the fallen boy. 							
Asher descended to the beach in silence. “What have I done?” his hands were all jittery. But deep in the farthest reaches of his cavernous mind, this knowledge of what he had done created in him something new. A feeling he’d never experienced before. His flesh tingled. Oh what goosebumps it gives me to say that this feeling was indeed a dark and sinister joy. He wouldn’t let me rule beside him, Asher mused in that deep cavern. So I will rule alone, without him. 								
He could now take Peter’s place as chief of Neverland.								
When he set down in Pixy Prairie, Asher found the boys playing with the fairies. They looked terribly thin (the boys, not the plump fairies) and they asked Asher: “Do you have anything to eat? We are so very hungry, Peter.”													
We see now that Asher’s unique nature affected not only Peter’s memory, but the Lost Boys’ as well, though perhaps they had forgotten about Asher since he and Peter had been battling for days. One (or Two) did remark on Peter-I-mean-Asher’s black outfit, but the remark was drowned out by the sound of his grumbling stomach. 													
All five boys sat at the fairy-made table to see if Peter-I-mean-Asher would on a whim create real food for them today. Pe—Asher stood still a moment as the affect of his nature became clear. Hands on hips in unconscious mimicry of Peter, he mused on the possibilities. Perhaps you are thinking that he was as imaginative as Peter and could think up a chocolate slurpee or a birthday cake. Well you are wrong. However, he did manage to conjure the scent of broiled chicken, and this gave him hope that he would, in time, be able to do everything Peter Pan could do.								Perhaps you are also thinking that Peter is done for and that you should stop reading. Do not be so hasty my friends, for even though difficult times are ahead, Peter Pan is certainly not done for. He has some surprises yet.
Chapter 5 Asher and His Shadow
Mermaids, who are the wisest and most mysterious Never creatures, sometimes sing at night to allure unsuspecting people so that they may feed or do worser things than feed. On this night in which Mister Moon has not risen and no light is shining, the mermaids wail in mourning for Peter.		
Mourning? Sure, but they are not called mysterious for nothing.						
They took him down to the deep where none but the mermaids have ever been. Their black tears mingled with the waters as they ferried him to an underwater world called Coral Cove. Through tunnels of dank black water and terrifying echoes. Through chambers both large and small. The mermaids did not slow until they reached a portal overhead that opened onto a bedchamber filled with air. The surface all around this cave was covered in thousands of tiny golden fingers which carried Peter into its center. These fingers glowed warm and brilliant around the boy.						
He remained for many days in Coral Cove while mermaids wailed throughout the lagoon. The day came—the Day of Days!—when life surged through his tiny body once again. Peter’s peepers opened. He inspected his body, raising his hands to his face first to take in the sight of his glowing fingers and shimmering flesh. Indeed, his entire body was glowing with a slight golden hue.				
Peter Pan laughed.													
“Oh the brilliance of me!” For he thought he had done it all himself.				
Sensing where he was, Peter dove through the portal into the deep water. Irena, the oldest mermaid, met him there and gave him her air as they swam through the tunnels up to the surface. Before he broke through, Peter stroked their faces and they kissed his glowing cheeks. 			
Moments later he burst through the surface of the water and shot forward to the Wendy house. He landed on a largish tree branch high up to spy on his Lost Boys, thinking to sneak up on them and announce his grand return.												
Oh how I long to write that he did just that; that the boys rejoiced and crowed to see their chief again. But it would be a lie.													
He heard the sound of laughter erupt from the house. Peter flew in for a closer look—and saw that the door was closed. Closed doors and shuttered windows. Peter Pan shivered. He leaned back on the tree, deep in thought (deep for Peter anyway). Overhead the sky turned dark.				
Breath puffs clouded around Peter’s head as the air grew chill.						
A most cunning plan slithered out of Peter’s mouth. He made the call of the Piccaninny Indians to lure the boys out of the house. It worked. They tumbled out of the Wendy house in a rush to defend themselves. Michael-I-mean-Jespersen fell to the ground still struggling to pull up his drawers.	
Once he got his laughter at the scene under control, Peter was shocked to see a new Lost Boy among his crew. Some part of him, possibly the same part that had conjured those nasty images of the hook man, told him this dark boy did not belong. Maybe it was this sense in Peter that brought the snow, I cannot be sure. But it was snowing when he descended with a shout. Before the boys could respond, Peter flew past the dark boy quick as a fairy—slicing the dark boys’ belt as he went. 		
Tommy and One and Two were too shocked by the sight of another flying boy to laugh at this great good humor. Falling pants was one of the top three gags among the boys, after all. 			
Asher stood there, too stunned to pull his pants up. He recovered, pulled up his pants and screamed at Pan. “You were dead! Do you remember me now?”							
Peter, sensing a fight, responded boldly: “Of course I do” –though in fact he did not remember— “Dark and sinister boy, have at thee.”										
Should I describe this battle for you? I think not, for there is much to come and what happens after the battle is what truly matters. Let it suffice to say that Asher proved more than a match for Peter again. Maybe it was because Asher was Peter—unrestrained by good form. It didn’t hurt that his fairies, who’d become infatuated with him due to his storytelling, distracted Peter so that Asher could run him through.     															
If the Pixy Prairie fairies betrayed Peter, the mermaids remained devoted, for they are far wiser than those pesky flying buggers. Led by Irena, the mermaids ferried Peter back to the cave of fingers where he might be healed again. 												
When he reemerged days later, he played the same game he had the first time, and just like the first time, he failed to remember Asher. No blame should be laid at the feet of Peter Pan. He must forget the things he does and the terrible things done to him, or he would no longer be innocent and heartless, and thus he would grow up and no longer be Peter Pan. He would become a man, perhaps a doctor or worse, a lawyer; he might even change his name.						
Shuddersome thoughts.													
By the third battle between the flying boys, Asher had gained the complete trust and loyalty of the Lost Boys—or, his ‘dogs’ as he has taken to calling them—no doubt due to his growing ability to imagine real food for them; though he was forced daily to remind his dogs that he was not Peter Pan but Asher of the other world.														
When Peter faced him this third time, and needed to be reminded yet again of whom the black-clad boy was, he endured the wrath of Asher. Indeed, the boy now hated Peter as much as anyone has ever hated the conceited boy. This circle of battle, mortal injury and healing might’ve gone on forever, but Asher was too clever for that. He understood now that as long as Peter Pan remained in Neverland, he could not be killed.													
So as he stood there staring down his enemy, Asher thought up a most clever and sinister plan, a plan so thick with cozening that even Jas. Hook had never considered it.						
I will banish Peter Pan from Neverland, Asher vowed.								
But how banish the boy and keep him away, that was the hole in his plan, sure as sure. As he mused on these things, Asher was forced to defend himself against Pan, who had grown bored with being ignored. As had happened three times previous, Asher got the better of Peter—but I think it was only because he could recall how he had defeated Peter before while Peter could not.			
While our hero lay healing in Coral Cove, Asher circled the great island, soaring higher than the eagles. He searched from end to end and back again. Finally, when all three suns were crowning the heavens, and he had inspected every nook and cranny (or so he thought) and given up, Asher saw something he had never seen before. Indeed, this part of Neverland had never even been mentioned before, so secret and dark was its nature.											
He spotted it from his position high in the sky over the mountains of Neverland; an opening in the highest peak. It was not something a normal boy would have seen, for it looked like just another rock formation. But to him, he imagined it was a doorway, a secret doorway that must surely lead to a grand adventure and more importantly, answers. He alighted on an outcropping of jaggedy rocks and then looked up at the opening. To you or me it would seem no more than a shadow among dozens of shadows in the rocks. But to a boy who possessed an imagine machine like Peter Pan, it was indeed a doorway.  															
As Asher stood there he noticed what he had never noticed before here in the Neverland; his shadow. It appeared to walk into and beyond the doorway. He followed it. For the first few steps it was only darkness, then a faint light awoke and stretched itself across an open cavern. His mouth dropped open at the sight of hundreds of gravestones. Three steps inside, he stopped at the sound of a weak and frightened voice.														
It whispered, “I’m . . . I’m sorry sir, I was not expecting you. Please don’t hurt me. I am perfectly harmless, I assure you.”													
Asher swiveled round, spotted a creature cowering in the shadows. He tried to coax it out, saying, “I won’t hurt you. Please, let me see your face. Who are you?” He made a rather rude disgusted sound as a man of endless days emerged from the darkness. The man was bent like a question mark and shuffled towards Asher with the aid of cane. His grizzled gray beard hung to the floor and he covered his head with his free hand as if fearful of being struck.									
Many ticks passed as the ancient man struggled to summon the bravery to respond. “I have never had a name sir. But if you insist on one, I sup . . . I sup . . . I suppose if I did, it would be . . . you would spell it . . . Kvgvi Kzm, sir.”													
Asher did not even attempt to pronounce the name. Looking beyond the old man, he spotted a pile of tattered books. A kooky sight in the Neverland. “What are you doing here old man?” 			
The tone in which the old man responded suggested he was sorry for the answer. “I am here because” –his noggin darted around like that of an owl— “because I must exist and because Peter Pan refuses to acknowledge my existence.” He shifted uncomfortably as Asher asked why Peter refused. “It is, sir, because I am everything he is not. You see, every human being is a whole person, and in being a whole person, there must be balance. With life, death must come, for example, sir: with youth, old age; with joy, sadness; with bravery, cowardice; with hope; despair, and with imagination, the limits of reality. Whereas everyone else simply accepts these balances, Peter Pan chooses—unconsciously—to not even acknowledge the existence of such things within himself. Peter has always refused to accept these things, but they must exist!” he sighed and sobbed. “So they do exist . . . in me.”			
The old man—Kvgvi Kzm, try pronouncing it, I double dare you—wept bitterly. Asher could see that he was not only old and decrepit, but quite possibly dead as well. The knowledge that Peter had created such an individual fueled the fire of Asher’s hatred. He stretched out an arm to comfort the old man, but the pathetic creature shied away, screaming. 								
“Whose graves are these?”												
The old man took a moment to compose himself—he was draggled mess. “Each headstone represents the death of a Lost Boy. I have erected a stone for every boy Peter has ever brought here; because eventually, they are all banished. Very rarely, sir, does Peter return them to their homes in the other world. Usually when they are banished they simply end up here with me and fall down dead of despair when they see their fate.” He broke down and wiped away his tears. “You see sir, when Peter brings them here the boys are lost to reality. I remember the names of every one of my three hundred and forty-six Lost Boys. They were my friends.”										
There in the shadows Asher hunched over, thinking he might spew his lunch. How could Pan do that to all those boys? When he was recovered enough to stand, Asher observed for the first time a largish statue adorning the center of the graveyard. “Who is that one for?”					
The old man, still in the shadowy nest of his cave, answered, “That one is for Jim Barrie, the first Lost Boy. He felt the pull of the Neverland long before Peter came. However, it was not meant to be, He could not come. In his despair one day a being called Pan perceived his lust for Neverland and, intrigued, told Jim all about it. And then Pan gave Jim a gift in Kensington Gardens.”					
“What gift?”														
The old man of the mountain tapped his cane and shook a bat out of his beard, flinching at the sight of it. “The first laugh of a tiny little boy. He was such a curious and rollicking child that his laugh broke into a million pieces, while Jim watched. From these laughter pieces the very first fairies emerged. They flittered and shook their wings over baby Peter. Even then he was brimming with such an unbridled imagination that perambulator . . . er . . . stroller, transformed into a golden spring which shot him into the air with the fairies. Covered in their dust, he followed them. Poor Jim was so overcome with the scene that he never got over it. And he never made it to his island, which is why he called it his Neverland.”															
Asher, you devious boy, you know more about Peter Pan and the Neverland than anyone before you, but you are not happy with this, are you? No, you want more.						
“What happened to Pan’s parents?” he asked the old man.							
His belly jiggled and his beard twitched. “I am sorry sir, but you would not understand or appreciate the answer.” He fled back into the shadows, away from Asher.					
I should throttle you, Asher’s body language seemed to say. But killing the old man would bring him no answers. So he stretched his thinking cap over his noggin. Ah, there it is—the answer. “What can I give you in exchange for the answer to my question?”							
“There is one thing, but no!” he shuffled backwards as soon as the words fell out of his mouth. “I am afraid it is too horrible. No, I cannot even say it. But yes,” growing stronger, “it is my only chance, isn’t it? Yes. Young sir, if you can take Peter away from this place, I would be free to move about the island. Do this, if you can, oh my no. But yes. If you do this, I will tell you how we came about. I will tell you how to free us forever from the conceited boy. Oh forgive me. No.”						
The old man’s teeth were chattering inside his noggin. A right nasty sound, sure as sure.		
Asher, forgetting his usual grownup reserve, jumped up and cheered. “Tell me how.”			
Now, the old man of the mountain was everything Peter Pan was not. So he knew many things Peter did not; such as a way to banish the boy.										
Using his cane as a lever, he shoved a set of pan flutes across the floor over to Asher. “I myself despise music. But Peter adores it. If you offer to play him a tune he has never heard before, he will not resist you. Then, if you play him a lullaby which I shall teach you, he will pop off into a deep sleep. But you must keep playing, for the boy recovers quickly from all things. You must keep playing while your fairy friends carry him over to the other world.” The old man shuffled closer to Asher, shivering but growing bold as he poured out secrets long untold. “Once you have him in the other world, we will keep him there by sealing up the film between worlds. I will explain how when you return.”			
Asher snatched up the ancient pan flutes. The old man grabbed his arm. 					
“I know what you are, sir. You are Peter Pan, unrestrained. You can do this. But whatever happens, no matter how bold and powerful you become, you must never attempt to bring the mermaids over to your side. They are not silly like storybook mermaids. They are wise and they will never betray Peter Pan.”													
Asher nodded solemnly and flew off in a flash, filled with hope and joy. He knew now how to banish that pesky Pan, and so the story continues.
Chapter 6 Go Away! Go Away!
When they met again Peter couldn’t help but wonder who this new Lost Boy was. While wracking his noodle with this question, he was distracted by the sight of Asher drawing a set of pan flutes out of his pocket.														
“Would you care to hear a new tune?” Asher asked. 								
“Ha!” Peter laughed. “No Lost Boy knows any tune I do not know. But it is a frightfully good game.” He flew over to where Asher sat lounging on a stump in the bright sunshine of Pixie Prairie. “If you can play me a song I have never heard, then I shall give you my sword.”					
Such a generous offer. Not really. Peter had no doubt this strange dark boy would fail.		
Asher put the pipes to his lips.												
Peter smiled at the sight. The smile thinned, narrowed and ultimately scampered off his face as Asher played. Peter’s peepers began to sink to half moons as Asher played. Half moons turned to slits and then disappeared altogether. Our hero popped off before falling to the ground in a heap. 		
Still playing, Asher waved his friends out of their hidey-holes. Dozens of mauve fairies sprung from the ground. Led by Mag Mell, they hoisted Pan up into the sky. Asher followed, flying and playing like some twisted version of the old god. He was too caught up in his terrible game to notice Nodd watching from behind a largish stone.													
Nodd loved Peter Pan, and this was not a good game. He ran off to find Blinkin in his tree in Barrie Forest to tell the fairy that he needed its help to save the right Peter.						
Across the island the other Lost Boys, sensing the absence of Peter Pan, resumed discussing their favorite forbidden subject—mothers; though in truth not a single boy could recall his mother, despite Michael-I-mean-Jespersen’s insistence that he remembered his mother tucking him in at night. 	
The solemn tune Asher played on his departure was heard not only all around Neverland but also in the other world by children who still dreamed their own Neverlands. These boys and girls began scaring their parents with inexplicable sob-fests. The grownups could not hear the tune for grownups are so very out of tune with their children. 										
Among the stars, still playing that dirge, Asher thought of the perfect place to deposit his victim. “My old orphanage,” he mused, “Ormond’s. Ha.” He raised his voice so the fairies could hear him. “Set him down in the playground there between those gray buildings.”							
The fairy crew obeyed and after twitching Peter’s nose they took off; second to the right and straight on ‘til morning, leaving Peter Pan behind. 									
Before he left, Asher stood over his victim. He plucked the pipes from his lips and then leaned down. I wish I could gloss over this next part, but it would be dishonest and dishonesty is very bad form indeed. Asher socked Peter in the face several times (seven, to be exact) and then spat on the boy, leaving a colorful bruise as a parting gift to his former hero.    							
“Have fun, Pan.”
Chapter 7 Ormond’s Home for Lost Children
Peter awoke hours later, alone in a strange bed. After hopping down out of bed and inspecting his body, Peter scowled. “Who dressed me in these draggled rags?” 							
His clothes, comprised of a tan pair of pants and a tattered brown suit two sizes too big, were indeed quite tattered. He was about to tear them off when he heard a rustle just outside the door. Peter reached for his sword—his hand grasped nothing but air. A quick search revealed that all his toys had been stolen, his sword, flute and dagger all gone!								
As he was about to learn, Peter was inside Ormond’s Home for Lost Children, currently in a large room cluttered with beds full of sleeping boys, each bedecked in old smelly clothes. He ventured out of the room in search of excitement, following that strange rustle. On the other side of the door he discovered a tree-lined path with a light shimmering at the end. Feet pitter-pattered down the leafy path. A few feet before the source of the light, Peter skidded to a halt and snuck behind a stout tree. Standing in the light was the fattest pirate he had ever seen, drooling and smoking a stinking cigar.	
Spotting a sword jutting from his tree, Peter reached out . . .						
And found his hand clutched by a smaller hand. Peter turned to give Blinkin a fine old hiding for interrupting him. But there was no fairy, only a slip of a girl standing there holding a stuffed plaything. “Knobs and hobgoblins girl,” Peter sneered, “you nearly caught the attention of Fat Balaven, slapping my hand like that. What were you thinking?”										
Peter had never met anyone by the name of Balaven, fat or otherwise, but because he spoke the name, he was convinced that was the name of the fat man.								
In a voice that sounded much like a boy pretending to sound like a girl, the wee lass said, “What do you mean boy? That is Larry, the cook. You must be new. My name is Rosalyn. What’s yours?”
Momentarily forgetting the pirate/cook, Peter bowed low to Rosalyn and said with utmost pride, “I am Peter Pan of the Neverland.”											
Rosalyn giggled and then pointed at her stuffed doll. “Well if you’re Peter Pan, then I suppose this really is Tinker Bell.” She giggled again even though Peter waved her off as if she’d lost her marbles. Rosalyn was forced to skip to keep up with Peter, who’d begun marching down the hall. She clasped Tinker Bell to her chest. A good thing she did, for the stuffed doll padded her when she slammed into Peter, who’d stopped and dropped to his knees with slap-dash energy. 						
“Did you hear that?” he asked her in a whisper. “It was the call of the Mesquites, I am certain.”	
“Who are they?” Rosalyn whispered. “I do not remember them in Peter Pan.”			
Though a bit confused, Peter was delighted to answer. “What do you mean? They are the fiercest of the five tribes. Though I suspect I must handle them myself, since those blasted Lost Boys are all still sleeping, the lazy dogs.”												
We can all understand just how Rosalyn felt in this moment. She couldn’t know this was the real and true Peter Pan, but she was delighted to play such an exciting game with him anyway, for he certainly was a remarkable boy. Nothing like the dull minded lost children of Ormond’s. Unlike Peter, who’d heard an unfamiliar rustle, Rosalyn heard the morning bell and understood just what it meant.	
She twined her arm round his. “Come on Peter, these halls are going to be filled in a few minutes.” She tugged, but Peter was ever so much stronger, and still distracted by Fat Balaven. Rosalyn, rising on her tippy-toes, whispered in Peter’s ear, “I do so love this game, but if we don’t join the rest for breakfast downstairs, we will surely get Mr. Tickler! Please come with me.”					
Mr. Tickler was not as pleasant as his name suggested. Indeed, he was a cat-o-nine tails, a whip of extreme ferocity, who liked nothing more than to bite the backs of little boys and girls.		
“Ha.”															
Despite his rollicking attitude, Peter relented and allowed Rosalyn to drag him down the hall. Downstairs in the cafeteria she led him to the lunch line. He scanned the sprawly place and uttered a single snort of derision. “Pee-you. This place stinks worse than the galley of the Jolly Roger. But why are we standing here behind all these others? What game is this?”							
Just as Peter was finishing his question, a plate of nasty looking mashed food was set before him. He crowed with disgust and yelled at the old food server. “I will certainly not eat anything made by a grownup and you cannot make me. I have spoken.”								
To prove his point, Peter smashed the plate on the floor.							
Two beefy orderlies started to run up to Peter. Rosalyn saw them approaching. “Peter, look out!”	
He smirked. “You can’t catch me and make me a man! Hahaha!.”						
That was when Rosalyn knew he was not playing with a full deck. If this was a game for Peter, than his whole life was a game. The orderlies spent the next ten minutes chasing Peter round the cafeteria and throughout the Home. 													
Peter thought it the greatest game yet, and spent the entire chase joshing the orderlies. 		
In the sleeping quarters later that day Peter was explaining to the boys the differences between the tribes, when a fatty-patty boy sneered at him. “Wait,” the fatty-patty laughed, “you actually think you’re the Peter Pan, like from the book?”											
The entire company burst into laughter. As they rolled on the floor slapping each other on the backs, Peter decided it was time to prove what a wonderful boy he really was.					
He crossed his arms (by this time he had ripped the sleeves off his tattered suit) and smirked as he floated up to the ceiling. Something was wrong though. The wicked boys were not clapping. In fact, they weren’t even following his flight. What’s wrong with them? Have they all been struck by sudden blindness, conjunctivitis of the peepers?										
Then the fatty-patty said, “Well, fly then Peter, what are you waiting for?”				
“I am flying!” Peter declared, quite dumbfounded by their stupidity.					
The riot of laughter resumed, stronger than before. Well, clearly the children of Ormond’s Home were not very clever. Peter ran out of the room and up the ladder to the tower where no one ever went, because it was haunted but not really.										
Poor Peter, you do not understand that these children are already worldly, have already experienced things and events you have never known, and so they have lost their imaginations. When you rose to the ceiling, to them you seemed to stay put on your bed. But really, it was your shadow that remained behind, pretending to be you. Dang and blast, fooled again by your pesky shadow. But all is not bad news; there is one who say you fly.										
Rosalyn was still so young and filled with the hopes and joys and innocence of childhood that she could still believe a boy could fly, and so to her Peter Pan did fly.						
Rosalyn followed him as he raced out of the room and climbed the ladder to the tower. When she poked her head of curly chestnut hair through the hole in the floor, she heard a whimper emanating from the shadows. “Boy?” she asked, slinking up into the tower, “why are you crying? You are such an extraordinary boy, you know.”											
Peter’s frown flipped upside down and he stood, fists on hips. “Yes, I am extraordinary, aren’t I? And I wasn’t crying. I had some fairy dust in my eye.” Growing solemn, he said, “Rosy, they are not afraid of me, are they?”														
“No,” Rosalyn answered. “I suppose they aren’t. But I think it’s only because they are already growing up. Hey!” she exclaimed as a sparkly thought occurred to her. “Can you take me to the Neverland so we can play games and never grow up?”									
“Yes,” Peter declared. “We shall go to Neverland and have wonderful adventures, just you and me and Blinkin. But,” Peter’s head drooped as something occurred to him, “I do not I know the way. It is all jumbled in my attic.” He did not tear up again, but only because he sucked those teardrops back in by sheer willpower.													
Rosalyn settled down on the floor beside him and removed a book from her purse. “Perhaps this will help then.”															
Peter shoved the book away. “I despise little written words.”					
Unperturbed, Rosalyn flipped it open it to a picture of a little boy with wild hair, dressed as though he were a part of the forest. When she slid closer, she could smell the scent of tree sap and wild loganberries, and she smiled sweetly up at him. 									
Peter glanced at the picture. “Yep,” he boasted, “that is definitely me. Read me the tale.”		
While Rosalyn read, Peter leaned back against the wall, hands clasped behind his head. Her tale was his favoritest tale of them all. When she finished, Peter asked, “Would you be my mother and tell me more stories, Everyday,” he added.											
“I think I am too small to be anyone’s mother,” Rosalyn said. Seeing his hurt expression, she put in, “But it you want, I will come with you and tell you stories and try to be your mother.” Now, Rosalyn had a delightful imagination, and her very own Neverland which she dreamed of every night. But she was also an orphan and thus aware of the harsh reality of the real world. It was a good thing too, for during the next few months she was forced to rescue the mischievous boy from many hullabaloos. Peter simply did not sleep often and would spend his nights prowling the halls of the orphanage in search of adventures.
I should like to tell you that our two heroes soon escaped that terrible prison for children, but that would be a lie. We cannot blame Peter that he could not remember how to fly. And we cannot blame little Rosy, who had never flown. But these failures of theirs cost them two years. During these hard times Peter and Rosalyn spent many nights together in the tower, telling stories and having their own adventures. One night early on, Peter woke Rosalyn with his shrieking. It was to be the first of many nightmares for Peter. Most nights Rosy would soothe him by cradling his head in her lap and cooing like a mother to her newborn. During the worst of his night terrors, when Peter screamed terrible things, she’d run her tiny fingers through his hair.										
Of course, Peter never knew any of this. He’d probably banish her if he had.				
By the end of that first year, Rosy felt the stirrings of strong feeling rising inside her. She pitied Peter, and she loved Peter. She did not yet understand that these feelings could never be reciprocated.	
By the middle of the second year Peter’s night terrors began to be heralded by day terrors, when excruciating agony struck. It was growing pains. Peter Pan was aging.				
Perhaps it was due to his advancing age that Peter was able to construct an escape plan.		
“I shall force my shadow to follow me out the window,” he declared to Rosy late one evening after his terror. “I will jump out of this tower window and fly away. My shadow must follow me. I will come back for you. Peter Pan has spoken.”											
He climbed out onto the ledge; just as he was about to jump, Rosalyn leapt forward to catch him. “No Peter, you’ll fall and die!”												
In the last moment Peter glanced back over his shoulder. “To die would be an awful big—”		
“No it wouldn’t,” Rosalyn stomped her foot, but it was too late. 						
Peter Pan winked at his girl and then leaped out into the free air. 					
Rosalyn screamed bloody death. The climb down the ladder and through the hall into the fenced in playground took an eternity, but eventually she was kneeling by Peter’s side. She took his bloodied head into her lap and cried. “You silly ass. You silly silly boy.”					 			
Words escaped Peter’s mouth, but they were so small that Rosy did not hear them. She leaned forward to listen closer. “I think” he whispered, “I think I could get well again if people believed in me.”
Though she doubted she had the power to do it, Rosalyn flung her arms out and called to all the children of the world who might still believe in Peter Pan. She was a lot closer to these children than she imagined; she addressed the Hindu boys who secretly pray to Peter when they pretend to pray to Brahma; she called out to every Native American still in their papoose, to say they believe in the Great White Father; she pleaded with the boys and girls of America who knew of Peter and thought him realer than Santa Clause and that fatty-patty bunny.									
“Do you believe,” Rosalyn asked them all.										
And their response, far more than she ever imagined, was ‘Yes, I do believe in Peter Pan.’	
Peter’s lips, slathered in life juice, spread into a half-moon. “So do I.” He was frightfully curious to peep through the curtain to the Other Side, but this was such a frightfully exciting game that he thought ‘Maybe I shall live to die another day.’
Chapter 8 The Return Come True
When last we saw the costumed Nodd, he was wandering around Neverland in search of Blinkin. Let us take a peak and see what the Lost Boy is up to now, nearly two years later.				
Nodd seems to have forgotten exactly why he needs Blinkin, such is the effect of Asher on those unfortunate souls spending time around him. He is still looking daily and for this we can at least be grateful. Perhaps when he finds the naughty fairy Nodd will remember why he needs it so badly.	
Let us sneak in under the clouds for a closer look. Ah, there he is, tramping through Prose Field (a field of purple roses, of course). He is on his way to Barrie Forest no doubt, for nothing else is out this far on the Eastern side of the island. Nodd scratches his noggin. Perhaps he is beginning to recall the reason for his lonely quest. Stay away from Asher, Nodd. Oh do stay away and remember why you need Peter’s personal fairy.														
Nodd indeed stayed away for many nights. In the absence of that persnickety Asher, Nodd began to remember the Important Thing: Peter Pan had been banished!						
In the forest he called out over and over, “Blinkin! Come out here you naughty thing.”		
The silly blue fairy fluttered out of its tree and paddled Nodd on his lips. After landing on a branch not much higher than Nodd’s noggin, Blinkin asked what the boy wanted.					
“What did you say?” Nodd asked, for it sounded like gobbledygook to him.			
Blinkin repeated his query but since it didn’t speak English or Stupid, Nodd did not understand.
Eventually the blue bugger huffed and zipped over to Nodd’s face. It blew a dash of its dust into the boys’ wide-open peepers. Nodd sneezed and rubbed his peepers. “Why’d you do that, you stupid—”
“Shut up!” Blinkin ordered. Nodd shut up right quick like, stunned that he understood the fairy. “What do you want?”														
“I need your help to bring Peter home,” Nodd answered in a rush.						
“I will think about it,” Blinkin declared. Blue fairies never decide anything on the spot. It zipped over to its tree where it unleashed a mighty whistle only blue fairies can hear. Hundreds of blue buggers joined him in his tree for a fairy meeting. Nodd peaked inside through a knot hole. This was a rare treat to be sure, and not to be missed.												
Now, blue fairies are notoriously forgetful, so whenever one speaks in a meeting another must accompany it in the center to help remind the speaker what it was speaking about. As a result, blue fairy meeting take a dreadfully long time. Nodd popped off in the first hour. 			
Finally, after many tedious hours, the fairies came to a decision.						
Using their dust again, they explained to Nodd: “We will help you rescue Peter—if you give us something worthy in exchange.”												
The costumed Lost Boy thought and thought, until he had it. Though neither very bright nor very dull, Nodd was a very lucky boy. It so happened that one day many moons earlier while taking position on a river bed in preparation for an Indian ambush, he had found a most curious item.			
Lying in the mud alone, Nodd spotted something strange to his right. It was hiding under some brush the boys had set aflame a few days earlier during a particularly fiery game. He shimmied forward for a closer look, imitating a snake on a mouse-hunt. The crispy brush fell away under his prying fingers, revealing the monstrous skeleton of a crocodile. Inside, under some nasty mangled clothes and seaweed, Nodd scooped up a mechanical contraption.	 								
“What is this?”  														
It was a clock, of course, a busted timepiece. He knew, from many readings of his favorite storybook, that it was the very clock the croc had swallowed long ago and by which Neverlandians had once kept time: ‘quarter of one by the croc.’										
Nodd stuffed it in his knapsack and then returned to digging in the muck for more potential treasures. Poking up from under the small ribs in the back was a curved slice of metal. “What have we got here—a hook? Captain Hooks hook!” Nodd squeaked, almost announcing his presence to the Indians and ruining the Lost Boy ambush. Once he had his excitement reined in, Nodd stuffed the hook into the sack beside the clock . . .														
From there he retrieved it. Nodd raised it to display his trade to Blinkin. The fairy rubbed its itty-bitty hands in an excellent imitation of the devil. In a flash Blinkin grabbed the hook and zoomed away with it to stow it in some safe place. Who could blame it? Blue fairies cannot be trusted after all.	The pixy returned in a jiffy and shook Nodd’s finger in the unofficial Lost Boy-fairy gesture of agreement. A dozen or so of its buddies flew off into the sky, leaving Nodd behind. The boy had hoped to go with them, but he would only have slowed them down, so he went to wait for their (and hopefully Peter’s) return in the only place Asher never visited: Mermaid’s Lagoon. 							
The suns set and Mister Moon glowed brighter, slowly, for he never rushed. “Where are you going and what do you wish?” he asked of Blinkin.										
In its garbled language Blinkin responded, “I seek the Pan and a new hole for me and my friends to leave through.”														
Like most creatures of Neverland, Mister Moon adored Peter, and he did as the fairies asked. Higher and higher Mister Moon rose, rising beyond his former apex, so high in fact that eventually he broke through the patch in the film that Asher had created after returning from banishing Pan. 		
Blinkin and the other blue fairies slipped easily through this renewed hole in the film that separates Neverland from the other world. All night they flew, until at last they reached the second on the left and burst out onto London. Blinkin crinkled its nose against the godawful stench of the city. “Can you sense him?” it asked the others, trying not to let the smell get him down.					
“I sense Peter,” the others declared with fervor.									
Sure enough they located him. At first Blinkin wasn’t sure it was really Peter Pan, for this boy was older looking and bloody and broken. The fairies paused about twenty feet up when they saw that Peter was in the arms of a girl. They could now hear both Peter and the girl calling for little ones everywhere to clap. As though compelled, every single blue fairy started to clap, but it didn’t really count for much since fairy hands are so very small.											
They hummed down and buzzed around the little girls’ head like so many fireflies. Rosalyn wasn’t fooled; she knew instantly what they were and why they were here. She smiled. Blinkin showered her with its dust while its friends each took a corner of Peter’s tattered suit and hoisted him.		
So began the return flight to Neverland. We cannot know how long this journey took, but what matters is that it succeeded in the end in reuniting Peter Pan and the Neverland. 				
In a phantasmagoric explosion of lights they broke through the film and began to descend to the lagoon. The mermaids were already peaking their mesmerizing faces out of the water and singing their alluring ballads. They gently took Peter from the fairies and drew him down into the deep. While the mermaids performed their magic and continued to fill Neverland with solemn music, Blinkin’s crew flew back to Barrie Forest. Blinkin however remained behind on the shore of the lagoon, parking its bum on Nodds’ shoulder to see what would happen. 										
Let us leave this odd couple for a few ticks to see how the mermaids are getting on with their charge.
All were dumbfounded by Peter’s wounds and his appearance. He was indeed older and bigger than he’d ever been. Some—the youngest—argued that ‘This is not Peter Pan.’ While other, wiser mermaids were not fooled by his appearance. They knew his smell; that of a thousand summers riding the wind. These senior mermaids drew Peter down into Coral Cove and placed him upon the golden fingers. For the longest time nothing happened. It was dreadfully boring. But eventually the cave began to glow and the fingers started to writhe all around Peter’s motionless broken body.				
Peter remained under the lagoon for many days, so long in fact that Blinkin and Nodd were beginning to think he was done for. But then something occurred that convinced them otherwise. Nodd was shivering in his silly costume, when he happened to look over at the flowers in a nearby field. In Peter Pan’s absence all the flora and fauna of Neverland had withered and gone limp. So when Nodd noticed the roses blooming in that field, all the hairs on his neck stood up. The cold was breaking as well, the chronic winter that never struck but in Peter’s absence giving way to spring. 			
Neverland was awaking from its long slumber.	  								
The Lost boy popped off that night with a smile on his face. He and Blinkin were summoned from their sleep the next morning by crowing that echoed throughout the island.					
Far out in the lagoon, not quite concealed by morning mist, a brilliant golden and youthful Peter Pan erupted from the water. 
Chapter 9 Pan the Avenger
Golden Peter stole some time to enjoy his renewed youth, soaring once again among the stars over Neverland. But eventually even he had to come down to rest; when he did, Blinkin and Nodd danced around him in pure childhood innocence and joy. Later that day while these three were celebrating over a fine Never meal of codfish and grod, across the island Asher and the Lost Boys were taking note of the changes.													
The boys may have thought this peculiar, but Asher was not fooled. He knew what was happening, sure as sure.															
Asher (now a young man with a shadow of a beard that matched his dark attire) fumed at Pan’s impossible return. Did the old man of the mountain lie to me? He smashed his plate, splattering Tommy with gruel. Oh yes, we can be sure it was at this moment that his heart turned cold as ice and he passed beyond the grasp of childhood joys and innocence.								
“My hearties,” he growled, “arm yourselves. We’re going to war.”						
He leaped into the air. For the first time his flying was accompanied by a tightening in his bowels. It hurt to fly. But it was the swiftest method to reaching his destination, and he had no time to waste on pain. “Prepare yourselves, dogs,” he yelled at the boys below him. “Do not underestimate our enemy today.” He had to say this, for the prolonged exposure to Asher had left the boys depleted of wit and memory. They thought he was the Pan.										
Asher’s destination was Pixy Prairie, where he intended to recruit the mauve fairies as an army. An itty-bitty army, sure, but a potent one nevertheless. They could fight from the sky. Mag Mell, who was a shapely adult fairy now, and who wore only a smidge bit of spider wed and long raven hair as vestments, could convince only a few dozen mauve pixies to join her and Asher against Peter Pan. The rest were simply too terrified to ever stand against the eternal boy. The army of Lost Boys and pixies, led by Asher, began moving out to locate and destroy Pan.									
But Peter was ever so much cleverer than other little boys, and he had already recruited an entire blue fairy community, along with some lions who, upon realizing they could not intimidate Peter, had joined him.																
The battle is about to begin. Death will ensue. The next part of our tale is not pretty, but the truth hardly ever is. Let the brave among us continue on and discover the end . . . 					
In Pixy Prairie the two sides met, and it was there that the Day of Days began. Nothing as glorious as the golden smile Peter Pan sported has ever been seen or likely ever will be again. He had never looked this young and mischievous and he was positively brimming with power. 				
Asher perceived that Pan was not armed. Unfortunately this did not stop the dark boy from brandishing his sword at Pan—in a display of terrible bad form. 							
In the air some twenty feet above the heads of the Lost Boys, Peter Pan grinned, reached behind his back and withdrew a short golden sword—a dirk—decorated with intricate carvings of naughty fairies doing naughty fairy things. 												
“I don’t know how you managed to return,” Asher growled, almost drooling in his fury, “but you were safer where you were.”												
Peter only smiled and waved his sword around.								
“Insolent conceited boy!”												
“Dark and sinister man,” Peter rejoined. “Let’s dance.”								
Asher flew straight for Peter, ignoring the stitch in his side that was growing tighter every second. Swords struck. (Sorry to say but there were no sparks.) Peter jabbed left, Asher parried right. Asher slashed high; Peter zigged low and tickled his opponents’ feet. “If you get tired,” he said, beaming, “let me know and I shall give you a break. Yahaaaha!”								
Higher and higher the duo flew. Peter would sometimes attack with only a half-hearted effort, for he did not wish to strike down his enemy so soon. As they fought among the clouds the fairies battled as well, their tiny swords tinkling like bells. Blinkin found Mag Mell and challenged her to a duel. Oh they waged their battle wondrously well, each cutting the other but never quite to the quietus.			
On the ground Tommy, Michael-I-mean-Jespersen, and One and Two were fighting Nodd. The costumed boy had quite the advantage (despite the atrocious bad form of the boys ganging up on him) because he had not spent the last two years around Asher, and so he actually remembered how to duel. 
Luring the frontrunner—Tommy—back, Nodd sliced the tall boys side deep enough for Tommy’s entrails to leak out. He was done for, sure as sure. A moment of silence for Tommy.				
One (or Two) soon followed Tommy to the Spirit In the Sky with a gash to the noggin.			
As he was backing away from Nodd, Michael-I-mean-Jespersen asked Two (or One) “Why are we fighting this bloodthirsty lad?”													
“I haven’t a clue!” Two (or One) said. “I say we run for it.” 							
They ran for it, their screams dying as they fled from Nodd.							
Blinkin was giving Mag Mell such a delicious pummeling that it didn’t even notice that they had flown beyond the prairies and out to the skies over the lagoon, far beyond even where the mermaids generally wade. 															
As these two and the other fairies battled, a light would occasionally fade and abruptly drop to the waters below.														
Peter had taken a few light cuts from Asher, but these worm lines of blood were nothing compared to the gashes Asher had taken. The dark boy was bloodied all over. He’d taken Peter up on his offer and called a Time Out. It was requiring all his considerable will to fight the stitch in his side, the agonizing pain that made him want to call out to his mother (though he didn’t have one) and drop out of the sky. As if to mock his struggles, Peter floated past him with his arms behind his head, a picture of serenity.
We should but cannot forgive the conceited boy for wearing his patented grin. 			
Perhaps Neverland could not forgive him either. Five ticks after drifting past Asher, Peter struck his noggin against something hard and woody. “What in the blowfish was that?” he wondered, rubbing his sore spot.															
Peter peered down through the mist and saw . . . 								
A pirate ship. He was flying over the mast of the Jolly Roger!						
From his position fifteen feet away, lolling on a cloud, Asher watched Peter scratch his head in confusion. He (Peter) flew the circumference of the ship, utterly consumed with this new find—and utterly forgetful of his enemy. “Like a snap of the fingers he forgets me,” Asher ground his teeth. A cold rush of pure hatred flooded his veins as he watched his neglectful nemesis. 				
This otherworldly chill discolored his blood and gave his skin a cold clammy texture. 			
He put up his sword and charged Peter. The golden boy reacted instantly. Peter whipped away from his new find and drew his sword to recommence the battle. We should note that during this lull in the duel, the fairies had not stopped battling, and so a great many lights had fallen. Now as Peter and Asher gave tit-for-tat with sword and dirk, Peter mimicked the sound of falling pixies, which is of course the sound of shattering glass. His laughter morphed into this terrible sad sound.				
It was not that Peter was a heartless fiend, but when enemies fall, he cannot help but crow, and he wasn’t even aware that he was producing that awful dirge, he thought it was coming from the fairies that were falling to the deck of the Jolly Roger.									
The swordplay between the boys now accelerates, takes on a rapid pace as each valiantly attempts to throw down his enemy. With all the aches and scrapes and pains Asher is toiling under, it is no wonder that his prowess is not what it once was. Peter sees his window for success and seizes it.	
Who could blame him?													
Peter slapped aside Asher’s sword thrust and slashed out, slicing off Asher’s left hand, sword and all. Asher screeched, scaring away all the pigeons on the poop deck below. He plummeted, crashed on the deck. 															
Thinking it a great game, Peter chased the falling hand that still gripped the sword and caught it before it could pincushion Asher. He inspected the hand and then mimicked the song of the mermaids. Two of the lovely’s popped their heads out and Peter offered them the hand. They snatched it greedily and tore it into five pieces which they kept as though they were nuggets of gold. The finger bones are still under the lagoon to this day.												
Peter spanked away a couple of opposing fairies and then landed beside Asher. He put his sword tip to Asher’s throat. “You may keep this ship,” he said, quite generously he thought. “But you may never port. Pan the Avenger has spoken.”											
As Peter flew off, Blinkin (having just returned from his home after abruptly leaving the battle) tossed something at Mag Mell. The mauve fairy snatched the item from the air and brought it down to Asher. When the young man saw the rusty hook, he perceived his future and imagined a day when he would have his revenge. As he trembled with equal parts rage and pain, Mag Mell cowered behind the helm.
Time passed, as it always does, even in Neverland.							
Michael-I-mean-Jespersen and Two (or One) found their way to the Jolly Roger where Michael-now-only-Michael became Asher’s bo’sun and Two (or One) became the first mate and was given the ripping fine name of Three. They polished the hook and helped Mag Mell affix it to the nub of Asher’s left wrist. It was bloody work and they were drenched with Asher’s scream-spittle by the time they were done. In the days that followed, Mag Mell refused to leave her master’s side and also grew peculiarly protective of Asher, so much so in fact that it was said you could not look upon the boy without seeing the light.
Years passed. Asher plotted his revenge but every time he dared leave the Jolly Roger in search of the conceited boy, his nub would throb and he’d postpone his Revenge Plan. Meanwhile Peter continued to recruit Lost Boys from the other world, always with Blinkin in tow.					
He remained innocent of that fact that whenever he banished these boys for growing up, Asher would secretly creep up to the old man in the mountain to recruit the disillusioned boys. They would invariably join his crew, for what better offer would they get?							
Still more years passed. Eventually Captain Asher’s crew of pirates far outnumbered Lost Boys and even Indians. The Captain loved the irony in the knowledge that he would someday have his revenge using Peter’s own callous nature against him. 										
It was rather rude of us to neglect Rosalyn as soon as we deposited her in Neverland. So let us now return to her. After the battle she proved remarkably well received by the island and its curious inhabitants. Indeed, it was as if Neverland was grateful to her for looking out for Peter. The wolves ran up to Rosalyn and became her faithful companions and bodyguards. As she had no mother or father in the other world and nothing back there to fondly reflect on, the girl never thought of the other world. Perhaps that is why in a few short years she stopped aging. 							
Peter however still looked younger than Rosalyn, and he wouldn’t have had it any other way.
On nights when the terrors grabbed hold of him, she would cradle his head in her lap and coo. She never told Peter about these nocturnal events, lest he should be embarrassed. 					
Peter can be seen occasionally lolling over the Jolly Roger, mimicking the mermaid song; a sound which never fails to make Asher cringe. We can be sure he does not do this to mock the dark and sinister man, but to satisfy some primal urge. He is like a lion reminding its enemies of his superiority. Even when Peter flies low enough to see the pirates crawling over the deck below, he never recognizes them. He does not even recognize Asher.											
But every single dog on that ship certainly remembers him. Oh yes, they do not forget who Peter Pan is, or what he has done to them.	
Chapter 10 Alastair
Ages ago Blinkin went the way of all fairies. Peter found himself another blue and named it Blinkin. When that one perished in a fire, he found another and named that one Blinkin also. No one is sure just how many Blinkin’s there have been, but Peter Pan always finds another blue fairy and without fail names it Blinkin.														
That same sad method goes for his Lost Boys too. The tragedy of Peter’s life is tragic to all but him, who has no clue that time has flown and taken all his friends (all except for Rosalyn). But there are always more fairies and more lost children to be taken up.							
Our story of how London became . . . 										
Or rather of how Peter Pan proved he was more than a fantastical tale written by the world’s oldest boy nearly a hundred years ago, begins forty years after Peter cut off Asher’s hand and fed it to the mermaids. On a night like any other but really nothing like any other, he flew to the other world, riding the wind like he owned it. He headed straight for the old Darling window at No. 14.		
Perhaps there is something magical about that window, something mesmerizing that calls to Peter in the way Neverland calls to him. Perhaps it is only a window and there is something in Peter’s mind, some unconscious desire to repeat the past that lures him to the place where he found his first great adventures with the Darlings. Whatever it was, that night was the last night that window ever called to him. It might have been better if it hadn’t, for what he found on the other side of the window that night was a thing most unwelcome.												
Peter, despising closed windows, slid the frame upwards as he had a hundred times before. This time though he was . . . 													
But we should back up a bit. Firstly, Slightly’s grandson, who had created Asher using Peter Pan’s blood, had managed to create copies of the blood sample before he perished. He never went after Asher to find the boy or to bring him back, nor did he publish the results of his fantastic successful experiment, for the time he had spent with Asher had boggled his memory. In the end Slightly’s grandson didn’t even remember creating the boy. However, he had written notes detailing the procedure, and these notes had been stored among his affects when he died, so that the day came when his son found them.	
This man, Alastair, was still young enough to remember his dreams of Peter Pan and the Neverland. So when he read his father’s notes about the Asher Experiment and spotted the small scribbled note in the margin that read: ‘Father says grandpa Slightly claims to have taken the mystery blood from Peter Pan,’ Alastair could not help but become completely bamboozled and fascinated.	
He even went to college so that he too could become a geneticist and continue his father’s work. And he did. Eventually Alastair won a government contract; he used the grant to set up his own laboratory, with the promise of providing Parliament with a successful cloning technique. Despite all his wide-eyed claims and whiz-bang gusto, Alastair failed to produce. His father’s methods for creating Asher or a clone capable or meta-human feats, continued to fail him. He was musing on the reason for this one day, sulking like a giant baby grownup in his lab, when the magical thought occurred to him:	
I’ve been using father’s methods but not the blood he used. Maybe that blood sample really did come from Peter Pan. Hmm. If great granddad Slightly took the blood from Pan, then maybe I can too.	
A chilling thought, sure as sure.											
As he made his plans, the scientist decided taking a mere smidgen of blood would not be enough. What if the first sample doesn’t work? Will I have to wait forever for Pan to return? 			
Capturing the boy would be infinitely better, he decided. Alastair spent the next few months purchasing Number 14 and fitting it with countless traps. Dark and sinister are these words, but the truth, often unpleasant, must be released. Only cowardly custards fear the truth.				
One night while the man was sleeping in the old Darling bedroom, Peter Pan flew into the room. He should have realized at once that the open window meant a trap was about to be sprung. But we cannot blame Peter for this oversight; after all, his thoughts were as always on much pleasanter things. Peter glanced around the bedroom. All the furniture had been removed, leaving only a single uneasy chair currently occupied by some nasty grownup. Peter turned and whisked away.			
Cleverly, Alastair had hidden a few cameras in the room, just in case Peter happened to enter when he was sleeping. The following morning Alastair nearly plopped off his chair when he saw the recording. The video showed a boy, the real and true Peter-flocking-flying-Pan zipping in and out of the bedroom, offending gravity with obscene conceit. Alastair was a smidge surprised to see that Peter Pan, who’d always appeared green in his dreams, was tanned a deep golden hue. The scientist sat in his chair for the longest time, uncertain what to do next. The proof of childhood dreams being real was a rare cherry blossom, rare indeed. 													
After several hundred ticks had passed, the man struck upon a brilliant (devious, but brilliant) plan. He vamoosed, headed straight for the Constables office.							
“I know just what I’ll do,” he said to himself on his way down the street.					
In the constable office, things got heated. “It’s not doctored,” Alastair repeated for the third time. “This is real untouched footage. I’m telling you.”										
Only after having the disc analyzed by professionals did the Constable offer Alastair a few of his men as assistants. All of this took quite a load of time, as grownups must talk a lot before anything is said, and even longer before anything is agreed upon. And even then, Alastair and his assistants had to wait another month before Peter returned.										
In the wee hours of the morning, when the moon was setting and the lazy sun hadn’t yet risen, Peter Pan broke through the film and stepped into the darkness of Number 14. His shadow must have sensed that something was off; it remained behind at the window as Peter stepped over the sash. He struggled to take his next step, but that rascally shadow just refused to budge. As Peter wriggled and writhed, an officer on the other side of the room grew impatient.							
“Hells bells,” the man groaned, and flicked a switch.								
The switch triggered a mechanism which dropped a set of bars over the window, severing Peter Pan from his shadow. This was not the purpose of the bars, of course, but that made no never mind to the boy.																
The shadow flew off into the morning gloom as Peter shot into the room and tumbled against a wall. Two officers jumped on him, but Peter Pan recovers swiftly, and so he slipped out of their grasp like a bar of wet soap. He shot to the ceiling and laughed at their stunned expressions. Swiftly growing bored, Peter whisked towards the window, having already forgotten about the bars.				
Now like a bee in a bell jar, Peter buzzed around the room, searching frantically for a way out. Imprisoning him was terrible bad form, sure as sure, and Peter, a paradigm of good form, was miffed.
“Alright you old dogs,” Peter grinned, “we’ll play this game your way.” He withdrew his sword and plunged it into the ticker of the nearest officer. The other two men from the Constables office could hardly believe their peepers. Was this really happening? The senior officer drew his gun loaded with sleeping darts, and shot Peter as the boy zipped passed overhead. 						
Peter slid the dart from his neck and tossed it to the floor before racing after the one who’d shot him. The poor old man was lying face down on the floor before he realized his mistake of firing at Peter. Forty ticks later he finished choking on his life-juice. The other officers glanced at each other before drawing their dart guns. A fusillade ensued. Darts flew everywhere, some sinking into the flesh of the flying boy, most hitting plaster with dull thuds. One minute later Peter dropped out of the air. His movements were ever so much slower than before. Peter recovered his sword, which had fallen, but then the officers unloaded their clips into the poor boy. Peter’s vision blurred and he conked out.		
Alastair stood over the boy. “Quick,” he said to the officers, “get him to my lab.”
Chapter 11 In the Lab
Peter awoke from a peaceful sleep many hours later. “I was not sleeping!” he claimed.		
When the fog dissipated from his peepers and the grog lifted from his senses, he found himself strapped to a cot, a moving cot. His recollections became flooded with the events at Number 14. Anger, clean and swept free of complicating emotions, fueled his fight. Peter began to rise, lifting the cot. 	
The surprised grownups toting him gripped the cot and yanked it back down. Peter struggled valiantly, but he could not fly away. Sensing a game was afoot, he smirked and spoke. “You can’t make me a man.” His voice smacked of cockiness. He imagined that his wrists were not strapped down to this moving bed; with a lightning strike the straps snapped. Peter leaped onto the nearest grownup, a stout man who could’ve given Fat Balaven a run for his money. The fatty-patty moved quicker than a fatty-patty should be able to move, drawing his gun and sticking Peter with four tranquilizers.		
Sleep descended once more, covering Peter’s peepers with a black sheet.				
Alastair, who was agog with rapture at snatching the catch of the century, began to realize that he had quite a handful here. I must not underestimate this boy, he thought.					
Once they had the boy laid out and cuffed to a gurney in Alastair’s lab, the fatty-patty suggested bringing in powerful help. “This is some otherworldly krit, man,” he told Alastair, shaking his head at the sleeping boy. “When otherworldly krit happens, you call the mother’s who run the world.”		
He’s fatter than a walrus, Alastair mused, but he’s no dummy. He contacted the Commander of the Royal Intelligence Service. This grownup was remarkably long in the tooth, so he required five viewings of the Peter Pan footage before he believed what Alastair was babbling about. “Please sir,” Alastair pleaded over the phone “you have to help me keep this boy confined in my lab. He’s already displayed remarkable resilience and other abilities.”									
“If this proves to be some kind of cock up—”									
“I assure you Commander Jason,” Alastair interrupted, “this is real. And it is the find of the century! Just imagine what I will be able to do once I have a complete analysis of his DNA. The possibilities are endless. If we’re careful, we will both of us reap the benefits; gold enough to make Midas jealous. We might even be able to discover the barrier, the film so to speak, that separates reality from our imagination.”														
While the scientist was babbling on like this, Commander Jason was thinking of the alterations he could make to the military: soldiers who could fly and use their imaginations as weapons! 			
“Sure, Doctor Soiled,” Jason said, “I’ll help you.”									
And so the military became invested in the Peter Pan Experiment.						
When he woke hours later, Peter fought the grogginess from those nasty medicines the grownups had given him. “Someone shutter those dang and blasted peepholes!” he yelled. The sunlight streaming in was not friendly to his peepers. His wrists hurt under the bite of the metal straps, but he would not cry, no sir. 															
“Your sticky medicine wasn’t good enough to keep me asleep.” Peter boasted, searching for enemies. “Enough to keep a normal boy asleep, but not the great Peter Pan. Hello?”				
How dare they ignore me. “This is the Jolly Roger, isn’t it? You medicined me and then dragged me across the water to the ship, didn’t you? Come out and face me you cowardly custards. You yellow scurvy-hearted scugs! Uncuff me now.”									
He wriggled and waggled but no amount of struggling could release him. Peter was in for the long haul, he just didn’t know it yet. When he finally admitted he could not escape, Peter’s ticker skipped a beat, but only a beat, whereas the ticker of an ordinary boy would’ve gone on skipping until he fainted. Poor boy, you don’t even realize you are not in Neverland. But look out—here comes that nasty old Commander.													
Commander Jason pressed a yellow button. The boys’ bed tilted with a whine until it was vertical and the Commander could look at the boy face-to-face. 								
Peter appreciated this act, though he didn’t know it was because the man was displaying good form. Face to face is much better than stabbing someone in the back. Besides, this view gave Peter a good look at the man. Extra flesh around the jowls. Too much Never pudding, he was about to say.	
Jason had a special dislike for children, especially smaller ones. They were, simply put, useless lumps of foul smelling and wrinkled flesh. He’d never admit it, but this was just how he was beginning to view himself. When he saw the boy on the gurney for the first time, he was struck with just how small it was. He rubbed his considerable jowls. 											
“My my, such a wee little boy. It smells funky. What is that, maple syrup? How did it manage to take down three men from the Constables office? How could it fly with all that tranq in its system?” 	
Peter wasn’t sure if this man was speaking to him. Why does he keep saying ‘it’?  			
“Tell me boy, how do you get to Neverland?”									
Peter burst into laughter. It was a rollicking fine sound, but quite strange to hear it in a lab. He glared at the Commander. “I could tell you, but you would never make it to Neverland. There aren’t enough fairies in the world to carry your fatty-patty body there. Yahaaha!”					
“Stop that,” the Commander ordered. 										
Peter did not stop.													
Jason slapped the boy, hard. “I will return tomorrow and ask again.” He leaned in close enough to whiff that strange pine scent. “If you do not tell me how to get to the Neverland, I will make you suffer. Then I will return the next day, and again and again until you tell me how to get there.”		
Alastair entered the lab a few minutes after Jason had waddled out. “Well,” he clapped his hands, “here we are, Peter Pan. Who knew it would be in my lab that the real world and the imaginary finally meet.”
Peter blinked at the three suns as they beamed at him through the portholes of the Jolly Roger. The Captain’s bo’sun returned and clapped at him. It did seem bizarre that the walls of the galley were so white and every corner had been polished to a gleam. He wrote it off to the Captain bearing down on his hearties. But something was definitely wrong. This place did not feel like Neverland. It did not move like Neverland. He could not feel the birds flying all around, or the warmth of the suns splashing him with energy. The bo’sun was approaching with a needle. Trying to scare me probably, Peter thought. 
Alastair pushed a button and that whining motor whirred into action, repositioning Peter’s gurney. Now he was lying flat. Alastair plunged a needle into Peter’s left arm; he pulled the plunger back, extracting precious life-juice. The doctor raised the syringe and eyed it in the sunshine. If the smile on his face had been any larger, it would’ve cracked his head open.							
Peter stopped struggling. He was a captive, as he believed, but it was ever so much worse than being a captive of pirates, for these grownups didn’t just want to run him through—they wanted to make a million more boys just like Peter Pan.									
Morning came and with it a renewed spirit. Peter decided to play a game with his dirty-bird pirate capturers. “These shackles are mere thread,” he proclaimed to the empty lab. “Rosy used to darn my socks with thicker thread than this.” With a twist and a crow Peter broke through the restraints, which were indeed mere thread. 												
To the ceiling he fled and then straight on to til . . .								
The sun-drenched porthole did not permit him to leave. Peter sat on the floor, rubbing his bleeding noggin. “That’s no sunny porthole,” he declared. “That’s a fake. A drawing, like in that book about me Rosy always reads.” There was no one to hear him.							
Though he tried all the portholes—which we know were windows with unbreakable glass and not portholes—not a single one allowed him to escape. Peter wept.						
Jason and his soldiers rushed in: A dozen darts whistled through the air. Seven sank into Peter’s golden flesh and he popped off again. No one had asked Peter Pan why he was crying.
Chapter 12 The Children Get Carried Away
Let us now fly back to Neverland to see what has been happening in Peter’s absence.			
Two weeks have passed here, and things are not okay-pokey. The air has gone chill and a layer of ice has settled over everything, morphing the landscape. The lagoon, usually rippling and warm, is frozen over, sealing the mermaids in a silent frozen coffin. The trees of Barrie Forest are canvases of crystal. All the wild animals have gone into hibernation in their hidey-holes and dens and nests. 		
The Lost Boys wonder if their fearless leader has gone the way of the croc someplace in the other world. “Perhaps the chief is hunting in the Happy Hunting Ground,” One (or Two) says.			
Rosalyn—being a girl—knows better. She suspects that someone with egregious, outrageous, stupendous bad form has taken her dear little Peterbird. She’s walking the beach this fine chill morning, counting her breath-clouds, when a thought pops into her noodle. She asks Blinkin (the fifth or possibly sixth fairy to go by this name), who is flying beside her: “Could you take a group to the otherworld and bring back my Peterbird?”												
While trying to decipher the fairies rude gestures, Rosalyn clutches her tummy and tumbles to the frozen sand. Screams erupt from her mouth, gushing past the KISS no one but Peter has ever taken. Her flesh begins to glow with an unnatural bluish white light. Blinkin is a bit offended that a human would try to imitate his glow.													
The sand Rosy is lying on begins to glow as well, its crystallized particles melting and rising to form an undulating, glowing wall around her. A brilliant strobe of light courses through Rosy and the wall. Sand and girl disappear with a popping sound.										
Blinkin rubs his peepers before zipping off to tell the Lost Boys all that has happened. He writes the tale on the ground using last night’s ashes. Of course they do not believe him. “Take us to the spot where this disappearance happened,” the oldest boy orders. He is Lincoln and loves being Lincoln. He is running after Blinkin down the beach when the fairy freezes in midair. Lincoln ducks to avoid striking the stunned pixy.														
The same bluish white light that took Rosy now encapsulates Blinkin. It really is hard to tell, even for Lincoln, who is gawking nearby. With a POOF and an explosion of light, Blinkin disappears. 		
The Lost Boys huddle in the Wendy house. 									
In their terror and confusion, weeks pass. Neverland has become uncomfortably quiet without Peter Pan and his mother Rosalyn. The Lost Boys are just children after all, what do they know about tending to their wants and needs?												
But, being little boys, they do what little boys do—they fight and argue. 					
The youngest has stumbled upon a hobbly-jobbly idea. “Let’s go to the pirates. They’ll feed us. They got lots of grub.”													
“That’s a topping idea,” Ralph answers, clapping the young one on the back.			
“Yeah,” Rip agrees, adding his two-cents as he always does. “Plus, grownups are great at telling children what to do. They’ll give us jobs and then we can earn coin and pay for our food.” Now this is a rather grownup thought. Rip would’ve been banished for sure had Peter heard his words.			
The boys run off for the beach, east to where Mister Moon shines brightest and where his beams splash over the Jolly Roger. Wishing to prove his mettle, Rip takes the first step onto the frozen water. It is firm as stone. Heartened by this, he jumps up and down to prove his superior bravery. The others quickly follow, shoving each other to avoid being the last on the ice. No one wants to be the yellow-belly of the group. 															
About halfway across the ice the youngest clutches his gut. The others lean over to inspect him, but when his gut begins to glow, they skitter back. Moments later the poor lad disappears in a flash of bluish white light. The remaining boys run and scream and we cannot blame them. 				
They scatter as fast as they can, slipping and landing hard on their bums every few yards. Before they can reach the Jolly Roger, the ship begins to shimmer with that same awful glow. Rip looks up at Mister Moon as if to blame him. Mister Moon shrugs (quite a feat considering he does not have any shoulders). “Back to the beach!” Rip screams.										
But he is closest to the ship, and when the ship explodes in a sphere of light, he is captured and vanishes along with it. 														
Not long after these terrible events, the boys, shivering in the Wendy house, hear a rumbling. It seems to be coming from all around. They can feel it in the walls and through their hands and bums. It started out quietly, so quiet that they blamed each other, saying; “Shut up your gut-rumbling.” 		
But now it is growing quite beyond the limits of gut-rumbles. The boys cover their ears.	
Should we see what happens next? It might be better if he see what is going on with those terrible grownups responsible for Peter’s predicament: Alastair and Commander Jason.
Chapter 13 The Name is Pan, Peter Pan
Alastair was in the inner chamber of his lab. Let us sneak a closer peak. Ah yes, there sit his microscopes and centrifuges and other complicated doohickeys and thingums. There is Jason, that old dog, listening (or trying to, he is so very hard of hearing) to Alastair’s explanations on his newfound discoveries. The beefy commander has enough difficulty understanding sciencey mumbo-jumbo without Alastair rambling in rollicking excitement. 											
“Wah-wah-wah,” goes the scientist.											
In English he might be saying: “You see this vial? This is the greatest discovery since the double helix! I mean, the potential in the field of hematology alone is staggering. With this we will be able to combat all known genetic disorders of the blood. And don’t even get me started on the future of stem-cell tech and genetic engineering. I mean, even though he’s a child, Peter Pan’s cellular structure is comprised entirely of pluripotent stem cells. That’s why he healed so quickly from his head wounds and was able to resist so much tranquilizer . . .” 									
“Whoa whoa whoa,” Commander Jason interrupted. “Doc, are you talking about rapid regeneration, like, instant healing?”												
Alastair slapped on his biggest smile. “Not just rapid healing, Commander, but total healing. His cells are, for lack of a better word, perfect. They divide and proliferate indefinitely. Peter Pan could very well be hundreds of years old. His unique DNA might also explain why he is able to fly.”			
The commander licked his lips. These two vile grownups conversed now as if they were bestest buds. “It may take longer than I originally thought, because of the complexity of his DNA,” Alastair explained, “but I am certain that I will be able to create a perfect genetic clone. It would help me out if you could learn what happened after the Asher Experiment. No reports of lost boys fitting Asher’s description were ever filed. I am convinced that he somehow ran away to Neverland.”			
Jason snorted. Peter Pan was one thing; after all, he was lying strapped down in the next lab. But Neverland? Make believe, surely.										
Alastair led him over to Peter. “I am about to give the boy 5cc’s of Sodium Amytol. If Asher did make it to Neverland, then Peter will know. I intend to find out everything he knows about Asher. Care to watch?”															
Of course Jason did, and he followed the scientist over to Peter’s ‘bed’. With despicable pleasure, Alastair injected Peter Pan with a massive dose of Truth Serum. Peter did not at first seem affected, but as the bad doctor asked his questions, it became clear that the solution was working.			
“Do you know the one called Asher?”										
From the haze of his memory bank (and a very small bank it was, with hardly any deposits and no safe) Peter withdrew a single recollection. “Yes. Captain Asher is a dark and sinister old man.” A conceited smirk crossed the boys face. “He is certainly no match for me.”				
“Remarkable,” Alastair voiced. “Asher not only made it to Neverland, but he carved out a niche for himself, distinguishing his character from Peter’s.”								
“But the boy called Asher an old man,” Jason said. “Why did his clone age?”			
Alastair shrugged. All grownups shrug when they don’t know the answer. “Peter,” he continued, “did you meet Asher as a boy?”												
“Of course, you silly bird. I always meet people as a boy. A wonderful boy.”			
Alastair sighed. Jason grabbed his arm and yanked him far enough away to prevent the boy from overhearing. “Ask him about his youth. I want to know if there something different about it, some encounter or event that made him different.”										
The doctor shuffled back towards Peter. “I want you to move backwards in time now,” he said to the woozy boy. “Think about your earliest memories, about mommy and daddy. Were they special?”	
Peter spent such a long time searching his dusty neglected memory banks that the doctor began to reach for a second helping of Truth Serum. Finally, just as Alastair was about to inject him, Peter answered. “My mother . . . she was . . . she was a darling. She loved me ever so much. Who wouldn’t love such a special little boy? I was her Peterbird.” A tremor ran through Peter’s body. His flesh became chill. “But then . . . she gave me away. She . . . she left. She just left me there while . . . HEY! What . . . Captain Asher! Let me out or I shall escape and run you through. My boys will be here any second. Ten or twenty ticks by the croc.”											
“What’s happening?” Jason wondered.										
“I think his system is eating away the Sodium Amytol,” Alastair answered. Forgetting his Hypocritical Oath, the doctor injected Peter with another dose of Truth Serum—and then another, both adult-sized dosages. “Tell me about your father, Peter. Was he a special man? Special like you?” 		
“My daddy,” Peter responded in a slurred voice. “My daddy was a . . . was a pirate. He was a nasty grownup with long girly hair and a stupid patch on his peeper. He was a drinker too . . . always drinking like a pirate. I hated him from birth. Yes. Daddy pirate told me that Pan would come for me one day.”
“What’s he talking about?” Jason demanded.									
“Shut up,” Alastair ordered.												
Peter continued, oblivious. “He said Pan would take me and put me in a zoo. Wait . . . then mother left because he did the thing all grownups do . . . daddy died. He chose to die. Yes, miserable old daddy was done for and then mommy ran away with me. But she knew I’d be just like him even though I promised I never would grow old like daddy. She left me with . . . with . . .”					
“Who did your mother leave you with?” Jason and Alastair asked.  						
A shiver ran through Peter’s flesh—but only a single shiver. “She left me with Mister Barrie. He helped me get to the other place but he couldn’t come because he wasn’t special like me. To the Never Neverland I flew where I would never never grow up. I went back for mother, but she got really old and died. Now there is only me and there are no others the rest are gone. Daddy said that he was the last until me and that he would get in trouble cause I was born but now I am the last. Peter Pan has spoken.”
Chapter 14 Pan Fights Back—Of Course
The assault on Peter’s memory was a complete success: a sure proof that the deplorable Alastair was a dangerous foe not to be underestimated. He kept the boy sedated through the heavy abuse of sickly sweet medicines, but was forced to continually up the dosages as his uncooperative patient was quite resilient.															
“Why do you keep him under all the time?” Jason had asked.							
“The boy’s escaped once already,” Alastair said with a smidgen of annoyance. “There’s no telling of what he’s capable.”														
In his dreams Peter saw Rosalyn as she played with the boys. Then the scene changed and she was darning his socks for him. Rosy looked up from her work and smiled at Peter. He adored that smile; it reminded him of something. 												
His peepers shot open. The pristine whiteness of the lab confused him. I must still be in the Jolly Roger. Something beeped. It sounded a lot like a fairy screaming. That white-frocked pirate was approaching again. “Awake already,” the pirate said, bemused. “That’s okay. I have just the thing for that. There we go,” he said while sticking a needle into Peter’s arm.						
The lab faded, went dark. 												
In his dreamland he asked Rosalyn “Where are you?” she refused to answer. “Why won’t you answer me, mother? I want to play in Barrie Forest with you. This game here isn’t fun.”			
Rosalyn remained motionless, like a statue. Peter fidgeted in his dreamland and in his bed, jangling the straps. His frustration warped into anger, into fury. The lights in the lab flickered. In his dreamland, Peter reached out to Rosalyn. “Wake up mother! Come to me.” He called to all the children who believed in him. And then, a strange and wonderful thing happened:						
Peter pierced the dreamland haze and spotted Rosalyn walking along the beach with Blinkin hovering nearby. It was a chilly morning in Neverland, and as Peter breathed on his bed in the lab, frozen breath-clouds puffed out of his mouth. 										
“Come to me, mother,” Peter called again. This time Rosalyn turned as though she could hear him. He imagined she was there beside him in the bowels of the pirate ship. 				
Rosalyn clutched her gut and fell down. In the dreamland and in the lab, Peter screamed. 		
A brilliant light like the triple sunrise of Neverland momentarily blinded the boy. When he opened his peepers again, the light began to dim. From its center he spotted Rosalyn, still on her knees, but there on a mound of sand in the corner of the ship.								 
Beeping or possibly screaming pixies summoned Alastair. “How in the blazes are you awake—” That was as far as his words got before he noticed the little girl sitting atop a pile of sand in the corner of his lab. For a few ticks he just stood there, too bamboozled to act. Then, reason returning by the pinch, he approached the girl. Five feet away. She looked up at him, cowering, trying to look as small as she possibly could. 													
Alastair’s noggin sashayed from the girl to the boy and back again. Hand it to the man, he was no dummy. “You brought her here, didn’t you?” he accused Peter, an evil grin creasing his face. 	
He sauntered over to his cart of medicines and withdrew a syringe filled with puke-green liquid. The needle, sharp as Johnny Corkscrew had been once upon a time, slid into Peter’s arm. The boy popped off again. Alastair now turned his attention to the wee girl. She’d left her sand pile. Alastair’s peepers (green as emeralds) scanned the lab. By the time they’d circled the entire space, he’d just about decided the girl had all been a hallucination. 									
“Whoa,” grabbing his chest as he spotted the girl on the other side of Peter’s bed. “You nearly gave me a—”															
“What did you do to him?” she screamed, trying to undo Peter’s straps. Failing that, she withdrew a smidge knife, the kind that was just right for a girl her size, and brandished it at Alastair. “Untie him now, pirate, or I shall cut you up like one of the hides Peter brings me from the Mesquites!”	
Alastair jerked away from the brandished blade, but failed to stifle a laugh. “Incredible.”		
Just then Commander Jason entered the lab, flanked by two soldiers. Without a moment’s hesitation the soldiers disarmed the girl and in a jiffy had her strapped down to her very own ‘bed’ beside her dear little Peterbird.												
The white-frocked doctor leaned in close and ran the flat of Rosalyn’s blade along her cheek. She cringed but did not cry. Peter would be ashamed and she would not make him ashamed of her. 		
“Who are you and where did you come from?” the doctor asked.						
“I am Rosalyn of the Neverland,” she declared. “And I am Peter’s mother,” at which all four grownups chuckled.														
Jason distracted the girl while Alastair took up another syringe and injected her. Her head drooped and her eyelids flopped down like shades. For a long time no one spoke. As the soldiers inspected the sand in the corner, Jason demanded to know what was going on.				
Alastair scratched his chin, now full of auburn bristles. “Commander Jason, I believe that little girl was speaking the truth. Except for that part about being the boy’s mother, of course,” he added. “I believe she really did come from Neverland.” This seemed to please him immensely, if his intense scratching and ridiculous smile were any indication.									
“How is that possible?” Jason asked. “I was watching the security footage after the lights flickered. That girl just appeared here. There was nothing in . . .” he hesitated here because he didn’t really want to admit that he’d read the children’s book Peter Pan. “There was nothing in Barrie’s book about the boy magically summoning people and sand from Neverland.”							
“Oh no,” Alastair said in the tone of a father correcting his decidedly stupid son, “it’s not magic. You must never think that. Nothing about this is magic. It is all entirely scientifically explainable. Or, it will be.” He finished scratching his chin to use his hand in flipping through a mess of paper work. “No, that boy brought her here—along with a few dozen pounds of sand—simply by imagining it. Egods, he is more powerful than we imagined!” He tittered. “Ironic, isn’t it. Or perhaps not.”			
Jason, ever the Queens man, took charge. “If that whippersnapper really did conjure up that lass and that pile of sand over there, then who knows what he might summon next time, maybe a swarm of wasps” (he was deathly allergic to the stingers) “or perhaps a pack of ravening wolves. We need to take precautions.” Jason shifted his bulk over to a more comfortable position. What he was about to do wasn’t pleasant, and he certainly didn’t want his feet to fall asleep doing it. He called the Secretary of State who, after listening to Jason’s wide-eyed explanations, connected him to the Prime Minister himself.															
The PM had been briefed on the Experiment, so all Commander Jason had to do now was fill him in on the recent events. “For real?” the youngish PM asked. “Remarkable. Truly remarkable. Listen, Commander, I want you to sit tight. I’m sending a contingent of SF. I want that boy transported to a military hospital. The girl too.”											
Stronger medicines were used now to keep Peter knocked out. They couldn’t risk him waking and summoning other peculiarities from Neverland. Fortunately, they did not yet realize that Peter Pan could imagine anything both waking and sleeping.							
Rosalyn required no more than a normal low dosage to keep her under. And they transported her on a regular old gurney—though still strapped. Jason took no chances with Peter however; the boy was loaded into a metal capsule which completely concealed him from view. This capsule was also bolted to a beefy wheeled base. Commander Jason and his team spent a nervous hour traveling to the army base with the Peter capsule. They breathed great fleshy sighs of relief when the bulky thing was unloaded and Peter was once again contained within a lab—this time on a government-funded military base.
The experiment, now officially termed the Peter Pan Experiment, was spearheaded by Alastair and a staff of military scientists, which we all know better as Mad Scientists. Night and day they poked and prodded the children. But in his dreams Peter was becoming fully aware.					
He saw Blinkin flittering along the beach, Lost Boys in tow. Children everywhere were ordered to pronounce their belief in fairies, as Peter summoned Blinkin. “Come to me. Peter Pan has spoken.”
The Mad Scientists jerked and stumbled against each other as a bright blue light burst in midair over a table of medicines. The great sphere shrank until it was no larger than a light bulb—a four hundred watt light bulb. Blinkin withdrew his toothpick-sized sword and began to cut the Mad Scientists. Fairies and their blades are so very small that the slashes were no worse than paper cuts, but it was still a big old nuisance. The Mad Scientists were forced to cease their operation until the pesky whizzing blue light could be dealt with. Jason and his men entered the lab—nicknamed the Chamber of Secrets by a Mad Scientist called Radcliffe—to capture the light, but Blinkin escaped out into the wide world before they could catch him.														
As the next few weeks passed the public began to observe and report strange lights whizzing around London. The London Times issued articles about citizens claiming to have seen real live pixies.	
Inside the lab and in his dreamland, Peter was growing less and less confused as his enthusiasm for this new game grew to dizzying heights. He began to feel as if Neverland was all around him, calling to him. From his position in the skies over Neverland, Peter spotted the boys. They were acting like a bunch of toodle-pips and he decided they needed a good hiding. Focusing on the naughtiest Lost Boy, Peter imagined him nearby.													
Only moments after receiving his latest injection of Sleep Now medicine, Peter woke up. “Come here this instant you naughty stinker.”											
The boy appeared before Peter in the Chamber of Secrets with the flash of light and this time the roar of a waterfall. 														
The Mad Scientists were very pleased by this development, had been hoping and preparing for it in fact. Radcliffe slapped a red button and in marched Jason’s men. They grabbed the shocked boy and strapped him to an empty bed. This angered Peter, for he was the one supposed to punish his Lost Boys. 
He pretended his metal straps were the darning thread Rosy always used. With a snap he broke free of his restraints and leaped for the soldiers hovering over his boy. 					
Commander Jason fired a tranquilizer dart into Peter’s neck. The unfeeling Commander had learned from his previous encounters. The dart he fired and those still nesting in his gun, were filled with a dreadful drug, a cocktail of death-dealing medicines: a tincture of Anaconda venom and African Sleeping Powder among other vial drugs all mixed into a putrid yellow liquid. Yes, it was a vial of vile things to be sure.															
In his dreamland Peter understood now how the game was played. His smile was brighter than the suns. In the lab Rosalyn and the Found Boy smiled as well, for Peters smile is a most contagious thing, as all little children know. Filled with the innocent intense pleasure of his game, Peter upped the stakes.
“Come to me, beaches,” he called. 										
Inexplicable patches of sand began to appear all over London. The public and the London Times suspected the military was behind this suspicious sand summoning. They demanded answers from Commander Jason. Radcliffe the Mad Scientist happily received a large dollop of money to blab the phony answers to the questions the public asked.							 
Crowds began to gather around the military base. ‘Give us proof the Pan is inside!’ they demanded.
These crowds will stay fresh; in the meanwhile let us fly west to see what is happening near that old hotspot Kensington Gardens.										
Accompanied by the greatest explosion of light seen in England since the mysterious BOOM in the days of Alfred, the Jolly Roger popped into existence in the Long Water section of the Gardens. Television crews appeared almost as mysteriously within the hour. You’d almost think Peter had summoned them as well. Before Commander Jason had any clue about it, Captain Asher and his crew were being seen on telly’s across London. Few could believe the once mythical Jolly Roger was real and bobbing in the Gardens.														
MI6 surrounded and quarantined the base housing Pan in a last ditch effort to protect the project.  Radcliffe vanished and was never heard from again. 								
Peter Pan grew stronger by the day, daily bringing some part of Neverland into the other world and to the astonishment of Alastair, he did it while both sleeping and waking. It was his game indeed, and it was not over, not by a long shot. As the Mad Scientists tried to get a handle on the situation and plied the boy with untested medicines, Peter saw the fairies of Pixy Prairie. In his dream world and also in the other world he called to them. 										
“Come to me, naughty little fairies. Come to Peter Pan. Come to me now!”				
He was waking, his tiny body fighting the strongest Sleep Now drugs in the world. Despite the best efforts of Jason’s men, they could barely restrain the boy. 							
The lights overhead flickered. Some exploded, sending a shower of sparks down on the soldiers. Of a sudden the lights died and everything went silent and still. Peter Pan opened his eyes and smiled. “It is a frightfully topping game.”				
Chapter 15 Fraction
“Back to your stations, you pusillanimous puke bags!” Captain Asher hollered at his dogs after finding them cowering from the light. 											
The Captain stroked his tidy patch of a black beard (his dogs knew better than to point out that it was no longer pure black) and glowered out at their new surroundings. Forty years had passed since he’d seen the other world, but he knew this place, oh yes, Asher had no problem recognizing Kensington bloody Gardens. 															
“All right you sacks of rotten filthy pestilence,” he bellowed, “mind the ropes, lower the sails.” A curly smile appeared behind the black (gray) beard. “Cast anchor. We’re docking and we’re gonna have ourselves a little tour.”												
The pirates scurried about his bidding. Tommy, formerly a Lost Boy, was hoping there would be time for a little revenge on his old chief Peter Pan. Actually, every last pirate aboard the Jolly Roger was a former Lost Boy and their feelings all matched Tommy’s to a T. Once the sails had been tucked away, the anchor cast and the gangplank stretched from ship to bank, the senior Lost Men followed their Captain through the Gardens.													
“Hold up,” Asher said, raising his hook, a rusty metal gut-slasher full of tetanus. They’d encountered a posse of reporters. Asher sidled up to the nearest reporter. With Rusty (as he had taken to calling his hook) he smashed the female reporter’s camera. With his right hand he snatched the lady and drew her close to his reeking body. Dozens of tiny flashes went off at the sight, and now the authorities were showing up, turning the scene into a regular melee. Asher dragged the hollering lady back to the Jolly Roger, his hearties following close behind.								
The police attempted to approach in cute white boats. “Michael,” the Captain bellowed at his bo’sun. “Saddle up Long Tom. Bring up the pie slingers and fire up the fat boys. We’re about to become famous.”															
A single shot from Long Tom blasted two police boats out of the water. The third and last police dinghy turned around. Back on land, constables taped off the Gardens to keep out riffraff and reporters. Meanwhile, a seasoned Negotiator approached the ship. He got a pie in his face for his troubles. 	
Asher knew that his old nemesis Peter Pan had to be somewhere nearby. In the cover of darkness he led Michael and two other grimy pirates off the ship and through the gardens. They slunk like the snakes they were as their comrades distracted the police. Once they reached a safe place where no one could see them, Asher closed his eyes and tried to feel for Pan.							
Yes, even the cold-blooded Captain could sense the presence of Peter Pan. He inhaled and his eyes snapped open. “East.”													
An hour later they reached the barrier MI6 had erected around the base. “He’s inside there,” he whispered to his hearties. “Can you feel him?”									
“I can feel him,” the bo’sun answered, though what he felt was mostly fear. “Can you feel him, Slippers?” he asked the pirate to his left. “Aye,” Slippers answered, slipping into the old Lost Boy game. “I can feel him. Can you feel him Moby?”										
“Shut up that blather, you dunderheads,” the captain ordered. 						
They plunged forward. While they were cutting their way through the guards, an army of white and mauve fairies descended on them. The little buggers weaved among the pirates. It wasn’t long before they’d tricked Moby and Slippers into running each other through. 					
Not to be outsmarted by creatures whose brains were smaller than walnuts, Captain Asher crept away while the others were distracted. With a bit of a skip in his step, he entered the building where Peter was being kept. Two guards foolishly tried to stop him. He cut them up with his hook and slunk down a hallway and through a set of metal doors. And there it was, the room holding his great and worthy opponent.														
“Come on you blasted bugger,” Asher grouched at the door he was banging against. “Open up!”
Alastair appeared behind him, and raised the dart gun Jason had given him weeks earlier. There was a thick pane of glass in the upper half of the door Asher was banging against. In this glass the Captain spotted the reflection of a figure lurking behind him, raising some kind of gun. He whipped around, hook raised. The hook slashed. The hook dribbled blood. 							
Alastair clutched his chest as he fell, trying to keep the gash closed. 					
Did the captain stop to either admire or help his fallen enemy? No sir. He merely resumed his shoulder-banging. On the fifth slam-bang the door blew open and Asher tumbled into the lab. 		
The pirate was about to pounce on Peter when he felt a kiss on his neck. It wasn’t a real kiss, of course, or even a thimble, but rather it was the prick of dart. We cannot blame the man for not knowing the difference; he has never been kissed. 										
The Captain turned to see Alastair on his feet, holding his gashed chest together with one hand and lowering a dart gun with the other. “Please,” Alastair pleaded, “don’t kill the boy. His genetic code could save this world, could defeat all our diseases and injuries. With enough time,” he paused to catch his breath and groan. “I will find out how to use his DNA to defeat aging and even death. Just give me time and then you can have him. Two weeks, three.”								
Captain Asher snorted. He hated doctors even more than Peter did, for it was doctors who had created him and shown him exactly no love as a boy. He drew his sword, staggered under the toxin from the dart, then leaned close to Alastair. “The boy is mine, and in case you couldn’t tell, he has already changed this world. But don’t worry, he won’t live to rule it as he ruled Neverland.”			
In good form he sunk his sword to the hilt into Alastair. It was a quick tidying up, little pain. 	
“Now,” he murmured, turning to face the boy. Never has a single word been so filled with malice. He placed the sword back in its scabbard. Asher would snuff Pan’s life with the very hook the boy had given him in mock good form.													
With the hook raised for the death blow, Asher hesitated. A whisper from the deepest catacombs of his mind took over: ‘This is bad form, Captain. Only a coward cuts down his enemy while his enemy is defenseless. With this act you will prove Pan the better side.’							
“Dang and blast!” Captain Asher cursed.										
The whisperer was not altogether correct, however. Peter Pan may have been chock full of medicines, his mind somewhere in the dream world, but he was certainly not defenseless. His imagination had decimated the barrier between the dream world and the waking world, and between Neverland and the other world. Somewhere in his spinning greatness he knew that Captain Asher was there, standing over him. 													
Perhaps the blackavized Captain should have cutted Peter there and then when he had the chance; it might have prevented everything that followed. But then, maybe it was best that he hesitated.
Chapter 16 Neverland Breaks Through
 Zooming across the island, he settled for his favorite hiding spot, the one atop the mountain where no one ever spotted him. Oh but someone did spot the conceited boy, sure as sure. Fifteen yards behind, a pair of ancient, beady eyes were watching. The old man of the mountain cowered in his shadows, wondering what the boy was up to now.									
What Peter was up to now was this: calling his mermaids. But just as he was about to summon them, he sensed something, an old foe, a dastard hand was hunting him.						
In the lab Peter Pan opened his eyes and saw Captain Asher standing over him. 				
The Captain was hesitating; a monumental mistake. Peter Pan grinned a grin most foul and then summoned his mermaids. The lights flickered and died. Microscopes and centrifuges, vials and freezers shook. The entire lab trembled. Under this onslaught, Asher ran for the safety of a corner.		
An explosion of light, a supernova, filled the lab. The rumble of a waterfall preceded the sudden appearance of water—lots of water. An ocean of water. It filled the lab and then spilled out through the doors and the windows and the drains. And still it came, the entire lagoon. Irena the mermaid appeared beside Peter and breathed into his mouth, filling his lungs with air and his heart with rapture.	
This was a topping game.											
Another mermaid, young and purple about the gills, released Peter from his bonds. After taking one more breath from Irena, Peter swam over to Asher, who had been conked out, and dragged the Captain through the water out into the grounds. It would have been bad form to leave his enemy to drown, though that is not why Peter saved him.	If his great opponent was going to be killed, he was the one who was going to do the killing.											
Both sopping wet and awake outside under the sun, Peter spoke to the Captain: “Return to your ship, old man. I am not yet done with this adventure.”									
Peter shot up into the air, the golden hued boy of Neverland (and I should say Londonland) glimmering in the sunshine. He spun like a top and whizzed like a bullet, laughing, laughing, laughing.	
Hands behind his head, he leaned back against the wind and imbibed the free air. But something was a smidgen off. The air was not the refreshing invigorating air of Neverland, so Peter continued his game. “First sun of the Neverland,” he called out, “come to me. Come to Peter Pan!”				
A million shades of every color under the suns burst through the last remaining splotches of the film separating the two worlds. These shades of colored light brightened all the dark places of Londonland. Peter inhaled. “Oh the cleverness of me.” And still his game was not over.			
He closed his eyes and basked in the light. “Come to me, Never creatures. Come to Peter Pan.” Even from his perch among the clouds Peter could hear the roars and squeal below; the chirps and squeaks, the chirrups and meows, the barks and grumbles, the caws and hisses. The streets of Londonland were filling with Never creatures. 										
As much fun as this was, Peter was growing tired.							
Perhaps it was not the game that was tiring him. Hundreds of feet below, Asher played a most dolorous lullaby on his pan flutes. “That’s right, boy,” Captain Asher growled. “Sleep.” He stuffed the flutes in his pocket and headed back for his ship. “That proud and insolent boy has no idea how dangerous his game is,” he grumbled to himself. “I should have killed him when I had the chance.”	
Of course, he had no idea that Blinkin was listening. It flew up to Captain Asher and flittered about his head like an annoying hungry mosquito. It was trying to confuse the Captain, but Blinkin was so small and the Captain was so full of fury that it was a wasted effort. However, a score of mauve fairies had observed Blinkin’s ruse and they now joined him, distracting the Captain long enough for Blinkin to sneak into the pocket and steal those dratted pan pipes. 							
To the heavenly ceiling Blinkin flew—and then dropped the pipes. They shattered on the asphalt. 	
The following morning (though it had hardly been a night, what with the secondary sun hanging around) Peter woke up. He had not dreamed, which was probably a very good thing for everyone. Wishing to see how his game was getting on, Peter descended for a closer look. The streets of Londonland were clogged with people who were busy running around insanely. Horns were wailing and colorful vehicles were stalled everywhere. The best part: Wild animals were chasing grownups.		
In the Gardens the pirates were defending the Jolly Roger from Lost Boys and Mesquites. Peter could feel what remained of Neverland reaching out for him. “Help me, you children who dream of Peter Pan,” he said, and there were many who believed this morning; more than ever. “Asleep or awake, tell me you believe.”    														
‘Yes, we believe!’ 														
In his mind—a wide open world not darkened by rooms or shrunken by sealed off lockers—Peter saw the mountain, he saw Barrie Forest and Pixy Prairie. He spotted the field where he had once dared a pair of lions to attack. The suns and Mister Moon reached out to him; Peter could feel the soft grass caressing his feet and the cool breeze kissing his neck and face, rustling his wild sap-colored hair. No, he could not stop.														
Eye closed, mind wide open, Peter Pan summoned all of Neverland. 					
All Londonland began to glow, from Big Ben to the Tower Bridge, from London Eye to the Palace of Westminster, from St Margaret’s Church to the River Thames. Even the London Underground shimmered with that bluish white light. The furious rumble of waterfalls filled every ear within the city. In a blinding flash and an explosion of colossal dimensions, the mountain rose in the midst of Kensington Gardens; flora and fauna of the Gardens melded with the vast fields of Neverland. Pixy Prairie cropped up, completely covering the worn streets. Never flowers, a hundred breeds unknown to the other world, replaced potted flowers on sidewalks and flowerboxes everywhere. Never trees and vines began to replace streetlights and power lines and a thousand fairies began to buzz around the budding city.
Three tribes of Indians appeared in Parliament and immediately set in to battle for control. Barrie Forest replaced whole neighborhoods, sprouting through parked cars; concrete sidewalks morphed into dirt paths. Sandy Never beaches appeared along the River Thames and great thorny briars climbed up London Tower. 														
From his perch in the skies, Peter Pan stretches out his hands and feels the energies of Neverland surge into him, out of him, and finally through him. 									
In the days that follow fairies are seen all across England as they multiply. Indians fight savagely for territories in Ireland, and there are reports of pirates pillaging ships in the Mediterranean.  Whenever Peter dreams of snow, snow falls on Londonland. Every little boy and girl hears him now in their dreams, and every so often Peter is seen flying through the sunny skies, laughter trailing him.		
Underwater pictures taken by brave-hearted SCUBA divers have proven the existence of mermaids. With all the small suns of Neverland lighting the world, darkness (at least in Londonland) has become a thing of the past. The air is unnaturally fresh and all across the land children are once again happy. For his part Peter Pan goes on having fun and never growing up, because, as a wise old man once said, ‘All children, except one, grow up.’
Chapter 17 Pan’s First Game
See Peter Pan’s origins. See how the Neverland came about. Sit down, wrap that blanket around your shoulders and brace yourself; we must go back in time, back, back before Peter and the Lost Boys, back before there was a street for Number 14 and back even before London was London, back to the days when demigods roamed the earth in pursuit of wenches and games and game wenches.		
In the highlands of the Pelaponnese, Hermeson Pan, ever so much older than one or two-hundred, came down from his mountain. This was no big wah-wah in itself, but today was different. Today Pan was going to begin a game that would never end.							
“Seven-mortals-seven-mortals-seven-mortals,” he muttered to himself. “I need seven mortals.”	
It was said that Pan was not a very handsome creature, and indeed, he possessed many features which made men cringe and women run away screaming, such as his long scraggly beard which always pointed south and in which dwelt a hummingbird or two, and his mismatched peepers. But the worst aspect of his demeanor was the crooked way he walked, as if every cocamammie step was a chore.	
When he shuffled down his mountain—grunting at the tiresome chore—and entered the town of Sicyon, the villagers gawked at Pan like they all wanted to flee, but there was nowhere to flee to and it was too hot to flee anyway. Just stay out of his way and we’ll survive—probably, was their motto.		  Pan grunted at them, as was his custom among gawking mortals. As he passed by, the demigod observed these pasty mortals with exquisite attention. They were indeed pathetic. “Ah me,” Pan groaned. “How will I ever find seven worthies?”	He removed his reeds and began to play a tune most doleful, scaring away the cowardly custards. It was his method for weeding out the losers from the potentials.															
And it was working.													
One woman seemed rooted in place like one of those stubborn old oaks in Darling Forest. Her flaxen face betrayed fear, but not enough to run; no, she was even more delighted with Pan’s music than she was frightened of him.												
Pan slapped on a prickly smile and scooped the woman up, placing her in his magic sack. This sack, though draggled on the outside, could hold anything on the inside, and you didn’t want to be the anything inside, because inside smelled like the outside of a rotten banana, tangy and three days overripe. 														
“Topping good of me to find one so nippy like,” Pan mused in his now rollicking mood. “Oh what a wonderful god I am.” And he went on his way, playing those dastardly reeds.			
Through winding paths and along sandy beaches Pan searched. He found others, eventually, and threw them too into his sack. The day was dying when he took a break to inspect his findings. “Just two more,” he said to himself, most pleased with his success today, though one of his finds did have a nasty skin disorder. Pan had hesitated about stuffing that one in his sack, afraid the skin-flaking bugger might get his flakes all over.														
After wading across a craggy brook, Pan noticed a lady on the bank. She was laughing at him! Normally he would have leaped up and smacked that laughing face, but there was something hobbly-jobbly about this riverbank that wouldn’t let him climb out on his own. Dastardness is afoot here, he suspected. “Will you help me up, good lady?”										
The lady giggled. A gust of wind tossed her obscenely long hair all around like a thousand cords of hemp. Pan considered using this hair-hemp to climb up out of the morass. 					
“What will you give me in exchange for my help, oh ugly stranger?” Laughing Lady asked.		
Pan wandered the black caverns of his mind, shuffling down into dusty chambers filled with tarnished ideas of things to give to a lady to win her favor. Most prominent of these ideas was GIVE HER A GOOD HIDING. But in the end he opted for the old demigod standby: offering one of his gifts, which was to be his game anyhow.													
“I shall give thee any gift that is mine to give,” Pan answered. His smile nearly cleaved his face, so pleased was he with his cleverness. “But after saving me, you must jump into my sack. Elsewise you shall never have any gift. Pan has spoken.”										
Oh Pan, your cozening has met its match, for Laughing Lady is no mere whelp like those others in your sack, and her cleverness has never yet been bested. 								
“It seems that you wish me to place my life in your hands,” Lady said, crossing her arms over her bosom.
“Should I be a fool and do this thing without receiving so much as a solemn vow? Even then, should I trust the word of an ugly stranger? Besides,” she was on a roll now “how should I ever receive anything if I am in your sack?”													
As if to counterpoint her cleverness, she laughed a rollicking conceited laugh.				
Pan’s smile fled and was replaced by a scowl and a sneer that produced a miasma between the clever pair. “Very well good lady,” Pan said through clenched teeth. He tried and failed one more time to escape the muck. “You have clearly outwitted me. I shall give you whatever you ask, one of seven gifts that are mine to pass on. But then you must help me out of this morass and jump into my sack. Agreed?”  															
The lady tittered. She tapped her chin as if considering. “Let me see. Ah yes, I want the gift of strength beyond mortal man.”													
Pan kept his scowl, though inside he was smiling. She had asked for an easy gift, one easily overcome, if you knew the weakness inherent in it—which Pan did, of course. He closed his eyes and pointed his reeds at Laughing Lady. An emerald light shivered out of the mouthpiece of the ancient instrument and struck Lady in the bosom. She screamed and plopped backwards, plastering her frock with mud.	
When the light returned to the reeds, Laughing Lady stood. She stepped forward, grasped Pan’s hand, and lifted him out quite easily, as if he weighed no more than a down-filled pillow. She set him on solid ground and laughed, delighted with her new gift.									
Pan nodded. Lady curtsied. “Now,” he said, “into the sack, as we agreed.”				
Lady promptly leaped into the sack and disappeared into its vast blackness. As Pan’s lips spread into a gruesome sneer and he said, “Oh what a clever gamester I am,” the sack ripped open and Lady toppled out alongside five others.												
“Ah me!” Pan roared. “What have you done?”									
‘Only what I can, Pan,” Lady said, dusting off her begrimed frock. “Now, give these poor souls gifts as well, or I shall tear you up as I have torn your sack.”								
As clever as Laughing Lady was, Pan was ever so much more experienced and frightfully full of devilish trickery. He smiled and put his reeds to his lips and blew into them. All six mortals popped off straightaway. Pan trussed Lady up with strongman chains from his sack and then mended the sack itself. After that he threw all six prizes into the yawning chasm and set off on his way, whistling a merry old tune.																	
Pan rose with the sun the very next day. While basking in its warm rays as he walked, he stumbled upon a homestead far from any town. There was nothing particularly special about this homestead; indeed, it might be said that it was the simplest and most boring homestead that ever there was and Pan thought it might be the perfect place to find his seventh gamer.						
A cool breeze blew in from the ocean, washing Pan in an air of destiny. He could feel the people (especially that no-good Laughing Lady) struggling to escape his mended sack, but he had more important things concerning him as he rounded the corner of a hay bale and spied a man chopping firewood on the homestead. Ah, a hardworking sot, Pan thought, the perfect sap for my game. 	
“Ahoy my good man,” Pan’s voice was chocked full of gusto, “might you have some food for a weary traveler? Perhaps a flagon of wine?”										
Before looking up or answering, the man split the log resting on the chopping block. When he finally did look up and over at Pan, the god noticed a twinkle in the man’s eye. It was buried beneath layers of crud, as though draggled and without value, but a twinkle was a twinkle. For three ticks Pan hesitated. A man with a twinkle was no mere sot, but he was weary of looking for another candidate. 	
The man led Pan into his sod house and pointed at the plank table. Pan plopped down in the chair in front of the table and set his sack down beside it. The man settled into the only other chair in the house, which happened to be directly across from Pan. He grabbed a plate to his right and placed it in front of Pan—all while gazing at some far distant point, as if seeing right through Pan. The man’s gaze then softened. As he lowered his eyes the man spotted the sack. It wriggled and the twinkle in his eye blinked for the briefest of moments.												
Pan simply stared at the empty place and then looked up at him. “Have you no food then?”		
The faintest of smiles creased the man’s face, a smile indeed so small that it could hardly be said to exist at all. But Pan caught it. “I have no food,” the man said. “Not for seven days now. So I have been forced to imagine myself eating.” He laughed a mirthless mad laugh. “Though I have not yet been forced to imagine eating myself.”													
He glanced over at the sack again. 											
The air, heavy with moistness and the stench of old earth, wrinkled Pan’s nose. The walls, writhing with insects, curled his toes and sent shivers over his flesh.								
Once more Pan looked down at his empty plate, thought terrible black thoughts, and then looked back up at the man with the twinkle in his eye. His sack twitched and he kicked it.				
“What is in the sack, my friend?” the man asked. 								
“Oh nothing of interest to you, my friend,” Pan answered. He reached down ever so slowly at his plate and lifted two fingers back up to his mouth, pretending they were full of rice and sugar. When he put these fingers in his mouth, Pan mumbled, “Mmm!”								
The man watched Pan with a look that said, You’ve lost your marbles. “What are you doing?”  	
Pan shrugged innocently. “What you have been doing.” He scooped another handful into his mouth. The man’s stomach gurgled as he watched. Pretending to be satisfied, Pan shoved the plate across the table towards Twinkly-Eye. He was pleased to note that a bead of sweat was dribbling down the man’s forehead. The twinkle had become a shade brighter. 							
From the plate to the sack to Pan, Twinkly-Eyes looked, a triangle of glances and stares and goggles. Finally he pushed the plate back and said, “Have some dessert, my good friend.” That mad laugh recurred. 															
It took a mighty effort not to gawk in shock at this man. Pan thought the twinkle might have blinked at him and cracked a layer of dirt to shine ever brighter.							
Pan kicked the sack. Time to up the stakes. He grabbed his reeds and began to play, pointing them at the sack so the man would not pop off. Pausing in his playing, he scooped up a handful of air from the plate and drew it to his mouth. As he pretended to chew marzipan, saliva wetted Twinkly-Eye’s lips. Pan gawked as the twinkle broke free of another layer of crud.							
His movements after this were so slow that he seemed to be a marble statue trying to break free of its marbleness. The world faded away until there was only Pan and Twinkly-Eyes. Pan set his thumb and fingers—ever so slowly—on the plate and squeezed them together. With a popping sound not unlike the sound a snail makes when you crush its shell, a marzipan crumb appeared between them. Pan lifted it to his mouth and ate. The taste was exquisite, far better than pretend marzipan to be sure.		
The final layer of crud crumbled out of the man’s eye. The twinkle shone forth brilliant as a star. “Give-me,” he said as though in a dream.											
Pan pushed the plate over to the man and the man grabbed up the crumbs of marzipan. Ecstasy surged through him as he chewed. The rich silky dessert flowed down his throat. “Can I have some more?”
Pan could now hardly look at the man without being blinded by that twinkle—a twinkle he knew no one else, including the man, could see. “You can have as much as you want, forever,” he smiled.	
The man nearly fainted at his great good fortune. “What do you want in exchange?” For even simple sots know that nothing in this world is free.									
“Oh, nothing big,” Pan muttered, in his groove now. He spoke slowly and clearly while stroking his beard. One of the hummingbirds fluttered out of it. “Simply play a game with me and I will give you this power. You will be able to imagine anything into existence—but there are a few itty-bitty rules. If you are still willing—”														
“I am willing.”													
There are certain moments in our lives when it seems as though the stars have at last aligned and everything has come together to serve us. This was one of those moments for Pan, and the shadows in his soul (if a demigod could be said to possess a soul) cowered as the light of pure joy entered. His game was set, the pieces all collected; now all he had to do was place them on the board and sit back to watch the outcome.														
Pan lifted his reeds and played. The man popped off right nippy like. When he came to, he was leaning against the hay bales in his field with six strangers sitting beside him. One of the strangers was trussed with hefty metal chains. Though this one struggled with a topping effort, the chains held tight. They had never met their match.												
Pan was pacing before the seven mortals. The most mischievous grin that ever played across a face now played on Pan’s.													
He couldn’t have looked more sinister if he were rubbing his hands together and laughing while swirling his tail and swinging a pitchfork. He had spotted a pitchfork while dragging the sack out of the house over to these bales, and considered grabbing it for effect. But the grin was sufficient. 	
Chapter 18 Dreams Do Come True
Pan was a silhouette under the glare of the sun. To the seven mortals on the ground before him, he appeared quite malevolent.		 										
“Here is how we play,” Pan skipped before his saps. “I bestow on each of you one of seven gifts. Laughing Lady has already chosen and been bestowed upon and Twinkly-Eyes here has chosen the gift of imagination.” He said the last part with a bit of a scowl, for the gift Twinkly-Eyes had chosen was the most powerful—potentially—and Pan would rather have given this gift to the dimmest sap in the group.
“Pardon me,” a squirrely man spoke. “What are the rules?”							
Pan hobbled over to the seven, bent low (lower than he usually bent, that is) and stroked the questioners chin hairs. “A topping fine question, and there is only one teensy-weensy rule: none of you can ever have children. NEVER! If you do, I shall be forced to show up and snatch that child’s memory away from him.” He stood up as tall as his gnarled body permitted and pointed his reeds at Twinkly-Eyes.																
Green light shot out of the reeds and struck the man. Twinkly-Eyes screamed and screamed, pausing only long enough to vomit before resuming his screaming.							
Good grief, Pan mused, Laughing Lady didn’t make such a fuss when I gifted her.		
Twinkly-Eyes stood up and imagined a loaf of fresh rye bread. A popping sound. In his hands appeared the freshest loaf he’d ever laid eyes on. He brought it up to his nose. “Divine.” The taste was even diviner. 															
Pan smiled. “You, my good man, shall never go hungry again.” 						
He then turned and bestowed upon the others the gifts they requested. To a milliner he gave the sneaky gift of invisibility (the milliner was clearly a voyeuristic codfish); to a scholar the gift of knowledge; to an astronomer the gift of foresight (at the cost of hindsight); to an alchemist Pan gave the enchanting gift of transformation (this woman promptly transformed into a falcon and flew away). To the last of the seven, the dirt-poor farmer of a dirt-poor farmer, he bestowed the cozening ability to make anyone in the world (except of course for Pan) his servant. 							
When the gifting was complete, Pan released Laughing Lady from her bonds.				
“What was the purpose of this silly game?” she demanded to know.					
Pan hunched over further than usual to speak to the six remaining gamers. The sun hid behind a cloud as if terrified, and shadows crept over the land. Pan’s beard twitched (the hummingbird inside was missing its mate), and if you looked closely into his mismatched eyes you would have seen into the yawning chasm of a blackavized soul.										
He shrugged. “I merely wish to see how mortals could help the world if they were endowed with god-like gifts,” which of course was a bald-faced lie, a slinking little fib. As the gamers would discover, their ‘gifts’ were anything but. It was a game, after all—Pan’s game.					
Twinkly-Eyes, whose actual name was Eadric (perhaps he should’ve gone with Twinkly-Eyes), watched Pan disappear into the morning fog. The gamers traded glances, but with nothing to keep them together, they parted ways. Had they teamed up there and then, they might have defeated Pan. But then, maybe not. With the gift of merging reality with imagination, Eadric didn’t really need anything from his old homestead, so he imagined a walking staff. With this conjured up, he walked north, eventually crossing the Peloponnesian border, passing through Illyricum and Pannonia and ending up in the House of Hapsburg in Austria, where he remained for many years.					
As the years, decades and centuries passed, Eadric honed his gift into a powerful weapon which, after that first decade, he used to imagine that his body recovered from wounds and Time. With age and experience Eadric began to realize exactly what Pan’s game was really all about.	
Overwhelmed with this knowledge, he decided to push his gifts to the limit. So he made his way back to Greece, to Mt Olympus, in search of Pan. Inside the Parthenon Eadric sat upon the stump of a column, rested his head on his chin and cursed the day he met Pan. He was in this same pensive position the following morning when a familiar, grizzled voice surprised him.						
“Do you remember what it was like when you were mortal?” Pan shuffled out of the shadows towards Eadric. 															
Eadric stood and withdrew a sword from a sheath that hadn’t been there a moment ago. He stepped forward so swiftly that he appeared to fly; Eadric thrust at Pan, only to strike air and shadows. Pan popped into place on the other side of the Parthenon, where he was gliding a hand over a Doric column and humming an ancient tune. “I remember,” Pan murmured, sounding nostalgic. “I believe this place was a church back then, a church of the young religion. Yes, they called it the Church of the Virgin, I believe.”															
Eadric flew across the structure, this time actually flying, not even bothering to be coy about it. He was so nippy in fact that he managed to slice Pan’s arm. However, no blood came. Pan looked at the cut with a sort of derision and watched as it healed itself, replacing the gash with smooth, young flesh. “And then,” Pan continued as though he’d never been interrupted, “a few centuries ago the Ottoman’s came and made this into a mosque. Ha! Like all things that too crumbled into nothing.” Glancing at Eadric, Pan sighed. “Where is your twinkle?”											
“You took it from me!” Eadric burst. “Now give it back. I just want to be a simple man again.”
“Moi?” Pan asked with a smirk. “I am afraid the twinkle is the one thing you can never magic up.” The old caverns of his soul were dusted off as he set to make his next move. For Pan, the game was still afoot.																
“Then I will live like you forever?” Eadric asked, on his knees now. He began to cry. Now, we mustn’t be too hard on Eadric, for we cannot imagine the loneliness of living forever. Eadric had lost countless wives and had even killed many of his own offspring to save them the agony of Pan’s wrath.	
“You are the last of the seven,” Pan said. He removed a dagger and grunted as he began to trim his gnarled beard. “You have done amazing things, Eadric. I was especially amused when you had your House pick a fight with the Prussians.” He was of course referring to the Austro-Prussian War. Pan drew the blade across his scalp, shaving off tangles of gray hair. As he was shaving (beard and head) his slouch mitigated. “Ha. I never expected such a sadistic ploy from a former mortal. Although, I am a bit surprised you haven’t yet imagined your own place. Yes, surprised and disappointed.”				
Eadric dropped his sword. It puffed into dust and disappeared like oil in a shadow. Beams of sunlight littered the floor of the Parthenon, casting Pan in alternating stripes of darkness and light. “What do you mean, ‘my own place,’” Eadric asked. He dreaded the answer.					
Pan finished shaving. His back was now ramrod straight, making him a head taller than before. He removed his old reeds and gazed over at Eadric on the floor. 						
“Promise me,” Pan ordered. “Promise me you will bring one man with you and I will teach you how to create your own world, where you make the rules and where you rule supreme.”			
Eadric crawled over to Pan and reached for the hem of his garment. 					
“What man?”												
“Blackbeards boatswain,” Pan smiled. “The only man Barbecue fears.” He nearly giggled when the twinkle returned to Eadric’s eye.	
Chapter 19 The Only Man Barbecue Fears
“Never heard of him,” Eadric said.											
Pan, sparkling new, spoke with a certain lyricism he had never used before. “Behold your future.” He waved his arms wide and revealed a foggy image of a pirate. “The game is nearing its completion and it is your move.”														
To reveal the pirates name—his true name, that is—would stir the masses and set aflame the political arena. All that can safely be revealed of the man countless children have come to know as the cadaverous and blackavized Captain Jas. Hook, is that he was aboard the Queen Anne’s Revenge as Pan and Eadric spoke. 													
“Come with me,” Pan said, sauntering in a perfect line toward Eadric. “You will know the man I seek by his handsome visage and by Blackbeard’s strange reactions to him.” He placed a hand on Eadric’s shoulder and both men disappeared in a sphere of bluish white light. They reappeared on the deck of a ship bobbing in the waters off the coast of Charleston South Carolina. As wave’s whooshed over them, Pan and Eadric hid behind some crates.								
“When you have him,” Pan said, raising his voice over the roar of the waves, “just imagine that you and he are with me and you shall be. Toodles,” Pan waved and disappeared.				
On the borders of his hearing, Eadric perceived the palaver of the pirates, with their expletives and angry tones; these sounds faded as he glanced up and noticed the colors. The pennant whipped in the wind. Expecting a black skull-and-bones flag, Eadric was surprised to find a pennant representing the United Colonies of America, though he did not know that was the nation the flag represented, for Eadric had never been to the New World. The British cross in the upper corner however was familiar.	
For hours he watched the crew man the ropes and alternate shifts for mess and for the head. Eventually a tussle erupted on the deck (it was really only a matter of time). A man with a necklace of tiny bones socked another man, whose friend promptly entered the fray. Now half a dozen pirates were wrestling and striking each other. The battle reached its climax when a solitary man trod forward. He stood tall and proud, his clothes dark and frightfully clean, and his whiskers had been shorn off just that morning, giving his face the slippery smoothness of the floors in Versailles.					
This proud-looking pirate was the handsomest man Eadric had ever seen, almost too handsome to be some bloody pirate. But when he spoke, the man’s voice broke through the clamor of waves and battling men and simply demanded to be heard. 									
“What is this ruckus, you scum-bellied scugs? This is bad form, the very worst I have ever seen.” The crew shut up at once. The tall dark man grabbed the dog who’d struck first. Eadric wondered how he had known who struck the first blow. Maybe he’s just guessing, he decided.				
“It weren’t no big scuttle, bo’sun,” the dog said. 									
Eadric could see the fear full up in the dogs’ eyes.								
“We was just arguin’ over this bauble, sir,” the dog continued. “It weren’t no nothing,” producing a lovely trinket, a jewel that positively glimmered.								
“Fame, fame,” the tall man rejoined. “That little bauble is mine now.” He snatched it away and secreted it in his pocket.														
“What is this?” another asked. “See here bo’sun, we are tired of your inter . . . intervene . . . of your sticking your big schnozzle in where it don’t belong.” Encouraged by his mates’ gruff exclamation, another dog spoke up: “Yeah, and we don’t much care for what fine school you came from. We are pirates and we take what we please.”										
The tall man smiled a smile most fell and positioned his feet just so in front of the man who had begun the dissension. “Fine, that’s fine Flint. If you can take the bauble back, then it is only good form that you may have it to keep.” He leaned forward and whispered, “If you can take it, that is.”		
Flint, a darkie with the accent of a South Carolinian, hesitated while his mates drew back. A gauntlet had been thrown down, and only cowardly custards (and blind men) ignore a thrown gauntlet. Flint threw off his cloak. You could almost see steam shooting out his ears as he fumed at the tall man. From his position behind the crates, Eadric saw the tall man remain motionless, save for a hand that twitched towards a sword hilt.													
Flint shifted ever so slightly forward as if to take the bauble. The tall man moved like a hummingbird, fast and steady, not a wasted movement in his rhythmic dance. Flints hand plopped to the deck with a heavy watery sound. Two ticks of the clock later, he screamed.					
“Slide the plank, boys!” the tall man shouted. “Flint’s going for a walk.”					
Three pirates instantly obeyed. The plank was withdrawn from its hidey hole and slid into place. The tall man shoved Flint forward until the poor man was gripping the end with his toes. The tall man dangled Flint’s severed hand by its pinky finger as Flint watched and moaned. With a flick of his wrist, the tall man tossed the appendage overboard. As if it had been waiting for this meal, a crocodile broke the surface of the water and gobbled up the hand. The tall man jerked back, shaken up by this development. In his corner, Eadric smiled at the theatrics of the scene. 						
“One step two step three step splash!” the tall man joshed Flint while prodding him with the tip of his sword.															
“What is this hogwaller?” a deep voice bellowed. “Ay, there best not be any derring-do aboard the Revenge.” Captain Silver, or Blackbeard as his men called him, peered down his long nose at the scene before him. His gaze came to rest on the tallow visage of the tall man. Blackbeard sighed and hesitated.
“Why, we were just about to feed Flints vitals to the gods below,” the tall man declared. You could almost taste the sweetness in his honeyed words. Despite his demeanor though, sweat was dribbling down the tall man’s forehead. Prideful to the smallest degree, he refused to wipe away the sweat, thereby denying its existence. The drops burned his eyes and tasted salty on his tongue. But he did not blink; oh no, the tall man did not blink once at Blackbeard. 							
The Captain finally spoke up. “Bring Flint back on board now. There shall be no dropping of logs ‘less I say so and I don’t say so.” 												
No one moved save to look over at the tall man.								
Blackbeard fingered his sword and trotted towards the tall man. He bore his black eyes into the grays of his bo’sun. 														
“You see, Barbecue,” the tall man proceeded, a grin rearing to burst free from his stolid features, “the problem with being the captain of a pirate ship is that you can stay that way only so long as your men fear you. When they stop fearing you, or, when they fear someone more, then your authority takes a hiding.” He was now circling his captain. “This is especially true when the Captain fears one of his men.”
No one moved save to shift their glances from Blackbeard to the tall man.			
Blackbeard sneered while his bo’sun glided over to the plank. The tall man spared a moment to glance back at his captain before stomping on the board. The plank trembled. Flint lost his balance and plummeted to the icy water below. 										
“Dastard hand!” Blackbeard trembled and stepped forward while withdrawing his sword. It was a wide stretch of black steel, rumored to have been cut from the armor of Alexander.			
“Come to me my hearties,” the tall man said. “Come to me and we shall cast anchor into grimy old Barbecue!” As he drew his sword, half the men stepped up to him while the other half ran across the deck over to Blackbeard. 												
A terrible battle ensued.												
There was no longer any question about it; the tall man was he whom Eadric had been sent here to collect. He made his way through the melee, taking many stray sword blows as he went. When he reached the tall man, Eadric grabbed hold of him and imagined that he was with Pan in the Parthenon.
Chapter 20 The Island Come True
In a flash of bluish white light the two men popped off of the Queen Anne’s Revenge and appeared under dark clouds inside the Parthenon. 									
Pan had been waiting. He clapped and cheered for Eadric and his successful quest. The tall man backed away in a fright, but Pan pointed his reeds at him and began to play a tune. Like magic, chains appeared and twined themselves around the tall man, who swiftly dropped to his knees.	 		
“Now, I have done what you asked,” Eadric said. “So tell me how to create my own world.” So that I might be free of you, he thought.										
“Certainly,” Pan answered. He marched across the rubble towards his final gamer. His walk was perfect, not too slow to be annoying, not too nippy to be terrifying. “Just imagine a place where you can be safe and powerful, and where you will never have to deal with the petty nuisances of mortals. Can you think of such a place?”													
Eadric tried and failed. How could anyone imagine a place never seen before? Pan sighed and slapped Eadric across the cheek, leaving a fine pink hand-shaped welt. 						
The gamer withdrew a golden sword from an unseen sheath and slashed at Pan. Like a man bored, he grabbed the blade in his bare hand and ripped it out of Eadric’s grip. The sword vanished. “Silly ass. Did you really think I would hand over all my gifts and not retain them for myself? Ha! Now, start simple,” Pan said as he paced, hands behind his back, a teacher drilling a particularly stupid student. “Think of an ocean, just an endless expanse of deep blue water.” 							
As his pupil obeyed, Pan began to feel the cool kiss of ocean breezes and started to hear the screaming of gulls in the distance. 												
Eadric smiled. He could see it in his mind’s eye like one of those cities kept in glass balls. The old twinkle in his eye (his physical eye, not the minds’) shimmered. Pan placed his right hand on Eadric’s forehead and his left hand on the sweat-doused forehead of the tall man.				
Rumble of waterfalls and flash of light. The only man Barbecue ever feared vanished. 		
“Where did he go?” Eadric asked.											
Pan grunted. He hated silly questions. “Can you not see him in your ocean world?”			
“Yes,” Eadric whispered, getting a glimpse of the tall man, a mere black speck in the vastness of his ocean world. “Yes, I can see him. Oh how topping.”								
“Oh no,” Pan moaned. “That’s no good. You left him to drown in the ocean. Why don’t you give him something to captain? Something worthy of such a man. Perhaps something with sails and a deck and maybe even a harpsichord to occupy his fingers and mind.”							
“Oh yes,” Eadric confessed. “You are quite right.” He took a few ticks to imagine just the right gift for his pirate. A schooner would not do, no sir. A clipper ship? Fast but not exactly terrifying. Ah yes, he had it now. Plying his gift, Eadric imagined a fine old ship, one with sails and a deck and a snazzy harpsichord. A brilliant light filled the ocean world; out of the light dropped the ship, not far from where the tall man was flailing his arms about. (He thought he had seen a crocodile in the waters and wanted to get out as soon as possible.)												
“I shall call it the Jolly Roger,” Eadric declared. A silly name, especially for a pirate ship, but the gamer took it from a very piratey flag, and so . . . 									
We could fill volumes chronicling all the wonderful items Eadric learned to imagine into being in the Never world, but that would be tedious, and we must hurry back to Pan’s game anyhow, for the tides are turning and you never know what lies around the corner . . . or on the next page.			
When the Never Neverland was completed some days (or possibly years) later, and Eadric was ready to imagine himself there, the gauntlet fell again. (That dang old gauntlet.) “Why isn’t it working?”	
“Try one more time, that should do it, I think,” Pan said with a smirk. 					
Eadric tried one more time. When he opened his eyes he was still in the Parthenon and Pan was gone.	
Chapter 21 Peter’s Story
Two-hundred years whizzed by. In that span Eadric grew mad with hatred for Pan. His silly ass behavior and wild-eyed claims led to frequent bouts of incarceration in Ormond’s Institution for the Sanity-Challenged. His psychiatrist (and part-time zookeeper) Sigismund Froid sold tickets for people to: “Come and see the man who can live underwater and grow back fingers and fly. Yes oh yes ladies and germs, step right up and behold the first wonder of the modern world.”						
Over the years thousands beheld Eadric the Sorcerer. 								
All that changed the day Llewelyn Ogilvy walked into his life. She was passing by his cell one day and instead of gawking she cried and put her hand through the bars. Eadric reached out and touched her outstretched fingers. 													
Six months later he was free and married. 										
When Llewelyn grew heavy with child, Eadric decided it was time to defy Pan’s RULE. Llewelyn gave birth and Eadric let the boy child live.										
“This child will survive,” he growled to himself. “Pan will come and then . . . ” but he didn’t finish his thought; instead he stewed in his rage at the old gamester. Through the centuries Eadric’s heart had grown black and become filled with inky globules of hatred. Now was the time to release this hatred on that vile, loathsome and tricksy Pan.											
“He’ll come,” Eadric continued. “Pan will come, and then I’ll force him to take me and my family to Neverland. And if doesn’t . . . then it’ll be Pan or me this time.”						
Of course, it is one thing to imagine killing someone, quite another to actually do it. When the child was born, they called him Peter and he was a special boy to be sure. Both his eyes twinkled and the ruddy good looks he’d received from his mother made Peter almost painful to behold.			
Pan had still not come by the time Peter was three, and Eadric began to wonder if his entire life had been a joke. What if I killed all my children for nothing? The thought was too horrible to contemplate. He turned to liquid comfort, what Llewelyn called the BOOZE. Eadric’s dark days returned. In his dreams and in the harrowing landscapes of his mind, Eadric began to wonder if any of it had been real. Maybe I dreamed it all.													
One night as the stars winked overhead, Eadric went into Peter’s room and stood over his crib. His hatred was now stretched to the borders of sanity and these nightmare vistas pierced the edges of his waking life. “I should have killed you at birth,” he whispered. “Madness is my punishment for breaking the RULE.”															
“What are you doing in here?” Llewelyn asked from the door. 						
“He will grow up to be just like me,” Eadric grimaced at the thought. “He will know the pain of spending forever as a man. When I was young, I had adventures and enjoyed my gifts. But then I grew up.” A single tear peeked out of his twinkling eye. “If only I could forget, maybe . . . ” 				
Eadric reached down to throttle baby Peter.								
Mothers are such special beings. Llewelyn sensed something was deeply wrong with her husband. “Just go then!” she screamed at him. “Go to your Neverland and have adventures with your grimy pirate friend. I will raise Peter myself and he will grow to be a good man, full of love and discipline, unlike his silly ass father. Peter will be a respectable man, work in an office and do the bills.” She sighed and then in a whisper, added, “I should have left you in your cage.”							
Eadric reached down again and this time wrapped his fingers around Peter’s throat. The boy had been listening, and did not like what he had been hearing, not one little bit. 				
Llewelyn threw a BOOZE bottle at her husband.									
Peter was crying.														
Eadric whipped around, rubbed the sore spot on the back of his head, and then produced a knife. He stepped towards his wife and . . . 											
Pan burst into the room. Blue light stretched forth and embraced the crying babe. 			
Eadric brandished the knife at Pan. “You!”										
“You have finally lost,” Pan said, his blue light diminishing. His shaved noggin refracted the candlelight. “You never learned that you could kill yourself. And now, you will never die, not so long as your son abides.” Pan played his reeds and Eadric vanished in a puff of blue smoke. 			
Llewelyn screamed. “What have you done with him?” She crawled over to Peter’s crib. I should like to say that she took the babe in her hands and ran away to live happily ever after. But the truth is more important than nice tidy story endings and even a mother’s love, potent though it is, was not enough to rescue Peter from Pan.												
Pan shoved her aside and cradled the babe in his arms. Llewelyn screamed and screeched until Pan closed his fingers, forcing her to close her mouth. He cooed over Peter and laid a single finger against the babe’s forehead. A sickly yellow light passed from the finger to Peter’s flesh. 			
“I curse you Peter. From this day forward your memory will fail you. You will forget all your friends and family and every adventure you will ever have.”									
Peter stopped crying.													
Pan placed the babe back in his crib and unsealed Llewelyn’s lips. She ran to Peter and held him, cursing Pan in words no mother should ever use and which will not be repeated here.  			
“Eadric was right, that old sly gamer,” Pan said, raising a finger and pointing at Peter. “Your child will grow up just like his depressed old man . . . unless you do something for him.”				
“What can I do?”														
Pan was up to his old tricks and she didn’t even realize it. “Oh,” Pan said, the picture of innocence, “nothing much, just surrender him to the Neverland. There will never be a place in this world for such a child, anyway. Are you willing to part with Peter to save him from a life of sorrow?”			
She hesitated for a long time. “Yes,” Llewelyn said at last.							
Pan leaned in close, his breath filling the room, filling the world with an aroma of antique life. “There is a baby in Kensington Gardens whom I have touched with a smidgen of magic. He will inevitably laugh soon. If young Peter here happens to be there when the first laugh occurs, well, he’ll be free.”
Llewelyn considered Pan’s words carefully, as any good mother would. Without a word she gathered Peter, bundled him in his warmest coat, loaded him in his stroller, and stepped outside. The stroll to the Gardens in the nippy air would have given her a rollicking feeling any other day. Not this day. When she reached the spot where the tiniest baby in the Gardens lay in its stroller, Llewelyn sighed. She then set Peter down beside the tiny baby’s stroller and took the nearest bench for herself. 		
An old man, short and a bit rolly-polly, watched as, five minutes later, Llewelyn left her baby. He was about to stop her when he heard a magical sound emanating from within the stroller. It was a laugh, of course, but not just any laugh; it was a first laugh. The old man watched with awe as a storm of green emeralds rained down on Peter.											
The old man might have blinked, he might not have blinked, but in the span of a single tick, Peter vanished from under the rain of emeralds.										
Peter of the Pan found himself in Neverland that day, and I need not go on, for all children, except one, know the story of Peter Pan. THE END




                                                                                                                                                                                                 


