
Out of Texas 3
Remember the Aloe, Moe
By James Hold

Copyright 2014 James Roy Hold
Smashwords Edition, License Notes: 
This ebook is the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com where they can discover more works by this author. 
Thank you for your support.

The following text is a revised and improved version of Part One of REMEMBER THE ALOE, MOE, originally published by iUniverse, Inc, 2007, ISBN 978-0-595-44124-2.
Remember the Aloe, Moe is the third installment in the Out of Texas series. Readers unfamiliar with the earlier volumes are encouraged to seek them out as it would mean more kudos for the author. 
In keeping with the spirit of its predecessors, the usual caveats apply. This is a work of fiction and any resemblance to actual people is purely coincidental. The opinions expressed herein do not necessarily represent those of the author. All song references are intended to honor the artists who wrote and performed them.

CONTENTS
J O’Wolf
Remember the Aloe, Moe
J O’Wolf’s 115th Dream
E’came, Esau, E’conquered
Son of J O’Wolf

“How can Jacob stand? He is so small!”
Amos 7:2

Our story thus far:
Exposure to subatomic “J” particles from a toxic waste dump gives a Siamese cat the ability to take human form, after which he finds employment as both a freelance courier and a professional wrestler. “J-man” soon makes an enemy of evil mad scientist Doc Quack, who subjects him to torture at the hands of his ursine cohort, A-bear. More adventures follow, including thawing the turkey god Melagris from an iceberg and discovering the tomb of the Viking Mummy from Outer Space—from which he receives a mosquito bite. Back in civilization, he meets and falls for Princess Fely of Davao. The princess declines his declaration of love, leaving him alone and heartbroken...

J O’WOLF
“Ask now of the days of old, before your time...”
Deuteronomy 4:32
1. Key To The Highway
“Professor Isaac Hugo?”
“Yes?”
“Of th’ University of Fredericksburg?”
“Yes, yes?”
“Courier. Message fer ya.”
“Oh, right. Do come in. Sit down.”
The small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes did as bid. They eyed each other across the desk, the professor, academic-looking with his large head and gray mutton-chop sideburns, making with a smirky, self-satisfied smile.
“Ain’t ya gonna open it?” The courier pointed to the envelope.
“No,” the professor tossed it in the wastebasket. “It’s not important.”
The courier shrugged his shoulders and rose to leave. Delivering messages was but a sideline; it made no difference to him what people did with them so long as he got paid. Professor Hugo, however, stopped him. 
“No; please,” he apologized. “It was the only way I knew to get you here. You see, my cousin Erik—”
“Erik?” The courier assumed a pained look. “Not Erik Von Fritz!”
Erik Von Fritz was a kook who attributed anything he didn’t understand to extraterrestrial origin. His recent newsletter, The Iron Claw of Destiny, accused J-man (for this was the courier’s name in his role as a professional wrestler) of belonging to a hybrid Martian cat colony that once populated the Great State of Texas.
“Now, now,” the professor coaxed J back down, “I admit my cousin has some strange theories—”
“I ain’t a Martian,” J denied at least part of the accusation.
“Oh, I believe you,” Professor Hugo nodded considerately. “Still, you are something of an enigma. And with that in mind, I’d like to probe your ancestral memory in hope of uncovering clues to your past.”
“Ancestral mem’ry?” J regarded him curiously. “Whut’s that?”
“It is widely believed we carry within our DNA not only the traits of our predecessors but also a record of their life experiences.”
“Ah,” the gaunt-faced grappler got the drift; “Th’ Bride ‘n th’ Beast.”
The professor confessed his indebtedness to the 1958 Ed Wood film in which hypnotic regression caused Charlotte Austin to recall her past life as a female gorilla. “Naturally I don’t expect us to travel to Africa,” the professor assured him.
J glanced at the clock, noting it was lunchtime. “Okay if I eat first?” he asked, producing an apple from somewhere. “I’m kinda hungry.”
The professor shook his head. “We eat later. First I give you painless injection.”
“Ow! Ya call that painless?”
“I didn’t feel a thing. Now I get my notepad while you drift backward.”
2. Bell Bottom Blues
Long ago when the world was still young and the laws of nature had not been passed, there lived a brave young lad named J O’Wolf. He was a small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes who wandered the Great State of Texas seeking adventure and doing good deeds. 
One day as he was hiking about the Big Bend area he happened on a tall tower built against the side of a hill, which he, being no dummy, recognized as the one in which the evil witch imprisoned the fair maiden, Rapunzel. 
Moseying up to the tower wall, he unslung his guitar and portable practice amp, dropped to one knee, and sang out: “Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down yer hair so I may see yer beauty fair.”
The next J O’Wolf knew he got hit in the head by a green apple thrown from the tower. “Oh stop that racket; it hurts my ear; that Rapunzel girl’s no longer here.”
“Who izzit then who’s locked inside an’ has no ear fer music? My service free I offer thee if ya should wish to use it.”
“Princess Fely lives inside, trapped by the evil Merlin; and it was me, her maid Su Wei, who did the apple hurling.”
“Not th’ one whose face is on th’ yo-yo’s of Davao? She’s said to be most beautifully th’ regular cat’s meow!”
And so she was. One look at Princess Fely standing at the window and all thoughts of evil wizards vanished like smoke in the breeze. She was beautiful beyond words (“Actually I’m sitting on a thesaurus,” the princess clarified) and J O’Wolf was hopelessly smitten. She favored him with a smile that curled his toes and if he had had a tail he would have wagged it.
“How long ya been here?” he asked.
“Seven days,” her maid answered weakly.
“I wuz talkin’ to th’ princess. Duz Merlin stay nearby?”
“In a tee-pee,” the maid replied tensely.
“Would ya mind lettin’ yer princess answer? Whut happened to Rapunzel?”
“She killed herself,” Su Wei sighed.
J O’Wolf beaned the maid with an apple of his own, knocking her out. Now he could talk to the princess alone.
“I’ve never had much luck with women,” he confided. “Even tried a conjurer datin’ service once. Told ‘em I wanted someone small ‘n cute who liked to swim. Fer six months I dated a penguin. But now as I gaze upon yer hair like midnight ‘n yer eyes deep as th’ mystery of life, I’d challenge th’ Heart of Texas two-outta-three falls fer th’ chance to be with ya.”
“You’re not so bad yourself,” the princess admitted, “but how am I supposed to get out of here?”
Now that was a problem. The tower was very tall and he had no tools with which to build a ladder. So J O’Wolf sat on the ground and thought. 
And thought. 
And thought. 
Occasionally he’d tell her about some of his other exploits.
“... an’ this mark on my arm’s from rasslin’ a bear.”
“Have a scar?”
“No thanks. I don’t smoke.”
On the third day he cried out, “I got it!”
“A way out?” the princess asked hopefully.
“No, th’ biggest headache of my life.”
“Ooh, I’ll never get out of here,” she pouted.
“Sure ya will. Just think positive.”
“Okay: I’m positive I’ll never get out of here.”
J O’Wolf paced the ground trying to come up with something. “S’pose ya jump ‘n let me catch ya?”
“I don’t think so.”
“I know! Tie yer bedsheets together ‘n crawl down like yer makin’ a jailbreak.”
But she wouldn’t condescend.
“Maybe you should try the other window,” she suggested.
He stopped pacing. “Whut other window?”
“The one on the other side of the tower. It banks against the hill so it’s at ground level.”
“Then why ain’t ya used it before?”
“And use the maid’s entrance?”
So J O’Wolf crawled up the hill and rescued the princess. Then hand in hand they descended the path from the tower.
“Ya know, ya coulda said sumthin’ earlier about that other window.”
“I know,” she smiled beautifully. “But you love me.”
And that was all that mattered. After all, if you’re beautiful you don’t have to be a catapult scientist. Then, to show his feelings, he unslung his guitar and sang a tender love song he’d been saving for just such an occasion called “Foxy Mama.”

Well ya kin lock all th’ doors
bar all th’ gates
nail all th’ windows tight
but I’m gonna tell ya now
I’m a tiger on th’ prowl
an’ there’s no way ya’ll be safe from me tonight

I’m gonna make like a wolf
blow down yer door
charge in like a lovesick moose
ya can run ‘n hide
but I’m gonna get inside
an’ there’s no way that yer gonna shake me loose

(guitar solo with wide leg stance and appropriate facials)

I’m gonna sit on th’ fence
howl at th’ moon
wake up th’ neighborhood
gonna hoot ‘n howl
gonna roar ‘n growl
till ya let me in ‘n let me do ya good

Well I wuz walkin’ through th’ woods ‘n saw ya take a stroll
took one look at ya ‘n I just lost control
made out with a bray ‘n cock-a-doodle-do
cos who could resist a fox like you?

(windmill guitar posture)

I’m gonna sharpen my claws
mug Santa Claus
race down yer chimney first
cos my throat’s on fire
with this wild desire
an’ yer th’ only one can quench my thirst.

(outro guitar solo with Chuck Berry duckwalk—interrupted)

Suddenly there was a blinding flash of light and a sulfurous stench of smoke.
“Good grief,” growled a gnarly voice, “What’s that awful racket? Are the dinosaurs dying again?” 
Standing before J O’Wolf and Princess Fely stood the evil wizard Merlin, tall, lean, red-haired, and scowling. The princess trembled with fear as J O’Wolf turned to face him.
“You’re the gaunt-faced fellow who rescued the princess from my tower?”
“That’s me,” J O’Wolf turned down the feedback from his amp.
The wizard’s face darkened. “And did you really think you could get away scot-free?”
“Well,” J shrugged, “I dunno about th’ ‘scot’ part; never cared much fer plaid.”
“Take care,” Merlin waved a warning finger, “lest my rabid rage run like a rampant river of revenge!”
“Hey, that’s not bad,” J complimented. “Now say: Father Fred, th’ fat French friar, forged fifty-five fancy Philippine flamingos for a fine phenomenal fee,” J O’Wolf emoted effortlessly—after which an apple sailed through the air and nailed him on the noggin. “Ow!” He rubbed his head. “At least we know yer maid’s still around.”
“I’d call it Su Wei’t revenge,” said the princess.
“Enough!” Merlin made a mystical sign. Slowly the wizard’s frame spread outward, taking on fearful dimensions until all human-ness disappeared. J O’Wolf and Princess Fely shrank back. Where once stood a man now perched a predacious pterodactyl! With a ragged reptilian roar the leathery lizard took to the air.
“I thought dinosaurs were supposed to be warm-blooded,” the pedantic princess posited.
“All I know is it smells awful,” J said distinctly as he led her to the shelter of a nearby grove. Then, alone in the clearing, he faced his attacker (“It’s just my innate Texas gallantry”) with no weapon save his guitar, swinging at the beast as it swooped back and forth. He managed to connect; the creature cried in pain as the guitar shattered against its wing tip.
“J,” the princess cried out, “aim for his bones!”
“Huh?”
“His body is large but his bones are brittle!”
“Gotcha.” 
But with what? His guitar was broken and he had nothing else, unless... 
“Quick!” he told her, “toss me an apple.” 
Immediately he got pelted by a dozen of the round green missiles. 
“Ye-oww! Will ya tell that stupid maid to cut it out?”
“I can’t,” the princess shouted. “I called Su Wei, but no one answers except this pig.”
“H-h-hello,” the pig introduced itself. “M-my n-n-name’s L-lee Chon.”
J O’Wolf rolled his eyes heavenward, “This never happened to David ‘n Goliath,” as the pterodactyl began its dive. He waited until it was almost on him, then threw the apple hard as he could, striking the joint where the wing joined the body. Unable to control its flight, the creature crashed into the grove of apple trees where sharp branches tore its flesh and the wizard’s rich red blood showered the green fruit.
A deep silence fell over the forest (“I must’ve tripped over a root,” it said) as princess and pig hurried to J O’Wolf’s side. “That was clever thinking,” she said.
“Well, like they say: an apple a day keeps th’ dactyl away.” He ducked, fully expecting to get beaned again, but nothing happened. They topped a hill to see the human form of Merlin crawl off into the thicket.
“Should we go after him?” she asked.
“Naw,” said J. “Let him lick his wounds—Hey, why ya cryin’?”
“Because,” the princess pouted, “my maid’s gone and I’m stuck with a pig.”
“M-maybe you can h-have me over f-f-for dinner,” Lee Chon suggested.
The princess wiped her eye, “There’s a thought,” and began searching for a suitable spit.
“Wait,” J stopped her. “What say instead I write this story down ‘n we become famous? Let’s see, how about: Once Rapunzel time—” 
Which was as far as he got before an apple beaned him.
“And look,” the princess halted at the foot of the grove, “the wizard’s blood has spread all over the apples. It’ll probably never come out.”
Just then a snake stuck its head out of the bushes. “You should try one,” it suggested. “They’re not half bad.”
“Yuck,” she turned her royal nose. “I don’t think so.”
“Oh well,” the snake shrugged, “guess I’ll try the garden next door,” and disappeared.
“I-I’ll g-go with you,” Lee Chon hastened to follow. “I h-hear they’re Jewish.”
“Too bad my guitar’s broken,” J O’Wolf lamented, once they were alone, “otherwise I could sing a song fer ya.”
“Well,” the princess smiled, “maybe things didn’t turn out so bad after all.”
3. Tell The Truth
“Hey, Professor,” the gaunt-faced grappler gave a luxurious stretch, “that wuz a nice nap. Ya git anythin’ useful?”
Professor Hugo’s response was to tear his notepad and toss it into the wastebasket. “I may not get out much, but even I know there are no orchards in the Big Bend!”
“Gosh Professor, ya don’t think—”
“No. I’m sure you didn’t deliberately sabotage things. Perhaps some outside factor...”
“Right,” J nodded, reaching for the apple that had been sitting beside him the whole time. “Izzit okay if I eat now? I’m awful hungry.”
“Whatever,” the disheartened Professor sighed, rescuing his notes from the garbage. “And how can a snake shrug?”

REMEMBER THE ALOE, MOE
To be read in the spirit in which it was written.
Part One:
“In those days there was no king in Israel...”
Judges 21:25
1. Conquistador
It seemed only right as Gordon Paul prepared for the March 6 reopening of the Sam Houston Coliseum that he should book a tournament to crown a new STW champion. The title had been vacant for eight months, the former champ having departed the territory thanks to the interference of a certain “runty rudo,” and Gordon felt it time to get things back in order. Hence his morning saw a steady stream of wrestlers in and out of the place. It was as he concluded negotiations with the masked Scrambler that the STW owner noticed his assistant Jon Raas playing checkers with one of the cats from the back alley.
“Have you nothing better to do than play checkers with those cats?”
“Well,” the roly-poly Okie replied dryly, “I tried chess but they always use the same opening. Besides, it’s my lunch hour.”
“Lunch?” Gordon glanced at the office clock. “By golly, it is.”
“Why don’t you take a break?” Raas indicated the checkerboard.
“You sure it’s okay with the cat?”
The cat, a gaunt-faced critter with dark fur and blue eyes, voiced no objection. Still Gordon declined the offer of checkers but did join Raas at his desk for the midday meal. It wasn’t often he and Gordon socialized so Raas deemed this a nice gesture on his part. He was further surprised when Gordon offered the cat a sliver of baloney from his sandwich, which the creature took in its jaws and then promptly disappeared out the window. 
“Gee, Gordon, that was nice of you. I thought you didn’t like cats.”
“You get used to them after a while. Was that the same cat you played yesterday?”
“No. They send a different one each time.”
“They? You make it sound organized.”
“You never know,” Raas shrugged. “Could be they represent some collective consciousness attempting to measure our intelligence.”
Even as he said this, an assortment of fuzzy heads popped into view from the outer window. Only it was Gordon’s opinion if indeed this concentration of alley cats was intent on studying the human mind, then Jon Raas would be the last person they would pick. No, he told himself, it was more likely they enjoyed the breeze from the hole in Raas’ head. That settled, Gordon took another bite of his sandwich.
“I made a tape to put on my answering machine when I die,” Raas remarked randomly. “It goes: ‘Hi, I’m dead now and can’t come to the phone, but leave a number and I’ll get back with you in the hereafter.’ That way they’ll get it straight from the horse’s mouth.”
Gordon counted to ten while envisioning a more fitting area of equine anatomy. “I don’t want crying when I go. I want people to throw a party, be happy when I’m dead.”
Raas quietly granted the possibility of a crowded gathering, adding: “Still a person can make all the plans in the world, but there’s nothing he can do in the end. At least that’s what my proctologist says.”
Gordon’s response was to count to twenty.

Discussion switched to the weather. The formerly clear Texas sky was now unseasonably cloudy as fallout from Earth’s near-death encounter with a previously undetected celestial object. Total annihilation had been averted when scientists from Texas A & M fired a rocket into the sun—at night, of course—and the resulting solar explosions drew the errant asteroid off its collision course. Although not before the West Coast sank beneath the sea. Thankfully, the citizens of the Republic of California managed to surf to safety.1 
“I used to work out there,” Raas boasted, telling Gordon he had been a media consultant in the home entertainment industry; which was just a fancy way of saying he’d been a clerk in a video rental store. “Had to pack it in though; everyone said I looked terrible in baggies.”
Where another man might have said something, Gordon instead counted to thirty. He had made a Lenten vow to be nicer to people, Raas in particular, and was determined to see it through. He did however venture to ask: “You ever consider seeing a doctor?” 
“Oh, sure. Guys in white coats with tongue depressors. Hospitals are full of them. Mine’s always getting on my case. I tell him, ‘Gee Doc, why can’t you use a chair like everyone else?’ So what do you have planned for this week’s show?”
Thirty-seven...Thirty-eight...Thirty-none...Forty.
Being nice had been Gordon’s New Year’s resolution also. It lasted as long as it took him to sober up. As for Friday’s wrestling card, it comprised several first-round tournament matches along with a ladies match and some prelims. Plus a Texas Death Match: Will Kane vs Frank Miller. It had the makings of a lengthy show, STW being one of those promotions where matches had no time limit. Sadly, the long-awaited debut of “Dave the Plague” would have to be delayed as the fellow had called in sick. 
“I heard he got involved with some Native American female wrestler.”
Gordon scratched his head. He was not aware of any Native American females working the area. “What was her name?” he asked.
“Let’s see,” Raas squinted at his scribbled note: “Her name was... Jenny Tall-Warts.”
Gordon shrugged. “I’m sure if she catches on we’ll hear more of her.”

Finally, conversation turned to the upcoming tournament: sixteen top wrestlers divided into two groups with the winners advancing weekly until the final two faced off for the STW championship. The program would be good for about two months’ business while creating new rivalries to exploit. 
“I see you still have some open slots there.” Raas pointed to the chart on the bulletin board.
“Yes I do,” Gordon cut him off. “And don’t get any ideas.”
“I wasn’t going to say anything.”
“You were about to suggest I put that scrawny runt in there.” 
By “scrawny runt,” Gordon meant J-man, the aforementioned runty rudo2 who had been a thorn in his side since the day he’d shown up.
“Well,” Raas hazarded, “since you brought it up...”
“You forget how, if not for that mid-card miscreant, I wouldn’t be having this tournament in the first place.”
Raas was not giving up. “Look, Gordon, it’s like I told my wife: stubbornness is not a virtue when the possibility exists you could be wrong.”
“You told your wife that?”
“Only once,” Raas confessed, there being some things you don’t dare to tell a woman twice. “C’mon, give the kid a chance.”
“Yeah, Gordon,” came a voice from the vicinity of the window, “gimme a chance.”
Gordon and Raas turned to see a small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes, standing alongside them. The eyes peering from behind a pair of wire-rimmed glasses were the same shade of blue as those of the cat Raas had played checkers with earlier; although it was probably just a coincidence.
“Don’t you ever knock?” asked Gordon, irritably.
“I did,” said J-man. “Ya said come in.”
“That was Raas. He said come on.”
“Hmm,” the runty rudo patted the side of his face. “Musta been my bad ear. By th’ way, did ya know Erik von Fritz has a cousin in Fredericksburg? He sez he wants to experiment on me.”
“Let’s hope he’s a vivisectionist,” Gordon muttered.
“Yes, well,” Raas sought to salvage the situation, “as long as you’re here...” He pointed to J’s chin. “You have some baloney stuck there.” 
The gaunt-faced grappler rubbed his jaw with the edge of his hand, and Raas continued. 
“As I started to say, I’m updating the ring intros and, being as you don’t wear a mask, I can’t announce you from Parts Unknown. I need to know where you were born.”
The wiry runt shifted uncomfortably, eyes wide and unblinking; then held his hands palms up.
Gordon was astonished. “You mean you don’t know where you’re from?”
“My uncle came over on th’ Titanic,” he offered.
Gordon eyed him crossly. “The Titanic sank when it hit an iceberg.”
“Well,” J met his gaze evenly, “he did complain th’ cabin wuz damp.”
Gordon counted to fifty, then pointed to the door and ordered him out. 

“Hmmf!” J paced the outer hall. “Spoil sport!”
Raas caught up with him. “Ease up, okay? Gordon’s under a lot of pressure with some rival Brazos River promotion siphoning our business.” He paused a moment. “And he’s seeing a heart specialist.”
“Whut’s he doin’? Checkin’ th’ Freon?”
“I mean it,” Raas cautioned. “He’s got a drawer full of medicine. I’ll do what I can to get you into the tournament but you need to behave, okay?”
“I’ll be peaceful as a church cat,” the runty rudo folded his hands innocently.
“Uh-huh. Then you wouldn’t know anything about a sign in the men’s room over the hand dryer, Push button to hear a message from GP, would you?”
“Me!” J’s blue eyes went wide with indignation. “Whut makes ya think I’d—” Only then he stopped short as he recalled Sam Houston’s response when asked if he chopped down the pecan tree. “Besides, ya know I can’t write,” he said finally, embarrassed at never having mastered the skills for handling a writing instrument.
“It was typed,” Raas told him bluntly.
“Typed?” J repeated.
“Typed,” Raas affirmed.
J shrugged, “I’d ask th’ cats,” and slunk off.
2. Something Following Me
The final entrant on Gordon’s list of tournament hopefuls was Page Bonham. Like religion and politics, wrestling attracted its share of the lunatic fringe; and Page was one of them. Not that there was anything particularly weird about him; for the most part he looked normal as the next guy. The only thing was...he talked to plants. Not all plants, just one: a small potted aloe he carried with him all the time.
Page walked past J-man, commended him on his new crew cut—”You should keep that style; it may come back some day”—and breezed in. “Wow!” He gasped at the sight of Gordon’s office wall. “Look at all those jigsaw puzzles!” With potted plant cradled in his arm, he circled the room like a critic touring a gallery. “Here’s Sam Houston telling the Cherokee people, ‘I shall return.’ What’s that? Hey, Mr Paul, Plant wants to know what this one is. It’s all white.”
“That’s Sam Houston wintering his troops in North Texas,” Gordon explained. “An early expressionistic work of Bubba Van Gogh.”
“Wow, here’s a Pecos Bill Matisse,” Page continued. “And a Billy Ray Gauguin!”
“I like th’ Jimmy Dale Frazetta,” said J, resting a hand on Gordon’s shoulder.
“I thought I told you to stay outside,” said Gordon.
“Sorry,” J exited.
Now for as much as Gordon loved his puzzles—they being a prescribed form of relaxation therapy—all this attention was making him self-conscious. So to draw Page to the present, Gordon observed: “You’re certainly dressed up today.”
Page nodded, his idea of formal meaning he had tucked his shirt in, and set the flowerpot on Gordon’s desk. His face showed countless scratches from the plant’s sharp spines. “Me and Plant went and saw my finance officer.”
“Oh?” said Raas, who also happened to be in the Gordon’s office. “What’d the plant say to the banker?”
“Leave me a loan.”
“And did you get it?”
“No. Banker said it’s accrual world.”
Gordon groaned.
“What kind of plant is that anyway?” asked Raas.
“Aloe,” said Page.
“Hello to you too; now what kind of plant is it?”
“Shut up, Raas,” Gordon was growing frustrated. “It’s a spiny aloe, specifically Aloe vera, a species of lily used in cosmetics and medicine.”
“Gee, Gordon,” said Raas, “I didn’t know you were into horticulture.”
“I didn’t have anything to do with that woman!” Gordon yelled. “No matter what my wife says about it!”
“No, Gordon, I meant—You’re having problems at home?”
Page nodded sagely. “Plant says women are like linoleum. If you lay them right the first time you can walk on them forever.”
“You’re not married, are you?” asked Raas.
“No. Neither is Plant.”
“I’m not surprised,” said Gordon. “If that’s how he treats—Wait, what am I saying? Get out of here.”
“Can Plant stay? He likes the view from your window.”
“Whatever; just get out!”
Page left to join J in the outer office.
“Okay Gordon,” said Raas. “What’s going on with your wife?”
“It’s like you said, we’re having problems. She says she had to marry me to find out how stupid I am.”
“That’s silly. She should’ve realized it the minute you asked her.”
“Very funny Raas.”
“Sorry. What does your wife do?”
“Her hair and nails, mostly.”
Raas took a photo from his wallet. “My Jenny’s as beautiful now as the day we married; it just takes her longer. I met her at a hotel, you know.”
“I was there, remember? She wanted a vacation and you were the last resort.”
Raas hated when Gordon one-upped him. “So what about your wife?”
“She says not only did I break her heart and ruin her life, but I also spoiled the evening. I don’t know; maybe if I’d been smarter...”
“You think smart men make better husbands?”
“Smart men don’t get married. Anyhow we went out last night and ran into a lady from that Brazos River promotion. She kissed me on the cheek and now my wife thinks I’m fooling around. Frankly I think it was a plant.”
“Somebody call me?” Page stuck his head in the door.
“No!” yelled Gordon. “Get out!”
Page withdrew, slamming the door as he went.
“Are you going to let him slam your door like that?” asked Raas.
“I shouldn’t,” Gordon said angrily, and yelled out, “Hey!”
“Yeah?” J stuck his head in the door.
“I said ‘hey’,” Gordon shooed him out. The cats from the alley peeked over the sill and he was about to shoo them as well when the phone rang. Gordon picked it up. “Hello!” he yelled.
Again Page stuck his head in. “Are you negotiating with Plant?”
“I wasn’t talking to your stupid plant!”
“Then what did you say?”
“Yeah?” said J, coming in.
At which point Gordon smashed the receiver and ripped the phone from the wall.
“The man’s crazy,” screamed Page, racing to protect the aloe.
“Shut up!” yelled Gordon. “Everyone just shut up!”
Everyone shut up, even the cats outside. Only the plant moved, its spines swaying in the breeze from the open window. “And don’t you say anything either!” Gordon told it, then caught himself, “Oh God, now I’m talking to it!” and ordered everyone out. “This is great,” he lamented, reaching into his desk for a pill. “The biggest card in the history of STW and my choices are a deaf scrawny runt and a leaf-loving lunatic.”
“You talking to me or the plant?” asked Raas, returning with a glass of water. He gave his boss a moment to settle down before trying again. “You know, Gordon, it’s not fair the way you call him scrawny all the time. Granted, he’s small, but it’s a leanness that borders on feral. The truth is he’s tough, scrappy, and mean as a—”
Gordon held up a hand. “Don’t tell me you buy into that stupid extraterrestrial cat story;” this in reference to a lecture series by kooky kraut Erik Von Fritz following his “Chariots of the Texans” expedition to west Texas.
“Oh, no,” Raas assured him. “Anyone with half a brain knows that’s nonsense.”
The STW promoter eyed his assistant while the cats listened from the windowsill. “They’re curious as to which half you belong.”
“Personally I lean toward a Dr Moreau hypothesis.”
Gordon looked at the cats. The cats shook their heads and disappeared.3
“It’s possible,” Raas said defensively. “After all, Isaiah was the son of a moose.”
Gordon took his Bible from the shelf. “It says he was the son of Amoz.”
“In any case, a cruiserweight would add something to the competition.”
Gordon sighed. “I’d rather sign a moose. Anyway, I booked El 7 for my cruiserweight.”
“El 7? I thought he quit.”
“I invited him back. I feel he earned a spot as he never gave me any trouble.” Gordon fondly recalled how the little masked fellow had shown up immediately following J-man’s six-week suspension last October. “No sir, not a bit of trouble.”
“If both were to advance,” Raas indicated the chart, “they’d face each other in the second round. I bet a lot of people would pay to see that.”
Gordon shook his head in resignation, “You don’t give up, do you?” as he pointed to the hallway. “Look at him. The runt’s scrawnier than ever.”
Raas went to the foyer and eyed the gaunt-faced grappler with concern. What Gordon said was true: the kid was thinner than ever, and calling him a cruiserweight was a stretch. A hint of whiskers about his mouth and chin gave his face a bony, pointed look, while his deep-set blue eyes stared out from dark sockets. 
“I tell you,” Gordon continued, “I’ve seen better looking road kill.”
Raas shook his head. “He does have a nice tan, though.”
“He’s always been tan, you lamebrain. Must spend a lot of time outdoors.”
In the back of his mind, Raas recalled an Izak Blitzen book about desert spirits. Focus, he told himself. So what if the runt didn’t look up to the rigors of a tournament? STW didn’t book according to weight class...and even bantam-weights sometimes pull an upset. 
Gordon, meanwhile, flipping idly through his Bible, chanced on Proverbs 28:15—As a roaring lion, and a raging bear, so is a wicked ruler over the poor people. 
Hmm. He got up to study the wall chart. The bracketing, while not fixed, clearly favored ring technicians like Nate Cherboi and powerhouses like Bull Roberts. Anyone else was a long shot. 
“It’s not like he’d reach the finals anyway,” Raas hinted.
Gordon nodded absently. “And he was the last guy to beat the former champion.”
One could see the wheels turning as an arctic smile lit his face. 
“Stay here, Raas, while I use your phone.” And crossing the room, he allowed himself a wistful chuckle. “Shure an’ twill be a fine tourney after all.”

“Okay,” Gordon gathered everyone around him, “here’s my decision. Friday’s show will feature a qualifying match between Page Bonham—”
“Actually my real name’s Morris. My friends call me Moe.”
“I never heard anyone call you Moe,” said Raas.
“That’s because I don’t have any friends,” Page shrugged.
Gordon cleared his throat. “A qualifying match between Page Bonham—”
“And Plant.”
“Page Bonham and plant versus J-man, the winner to face a mystery opponent in a first-round match of the main event. It means you’d be wrestling twice in one evening.”
“That’s okay. Plant will be rooting for me.”
“You know, Page, I used to think you were unorthodox; now I’m convinced you’re downright loony.”
“You could just put J in right away,” suggested Raas.
“Shut up, Raas, and get back to work before I replace you with a moose. The rest of you come into my office. And get this plant out of here.”
“But he’s my manager,” Page protested.
“That’s ridiculous,” Gordon scoffed.
“You never heard of a plant manager?”
“Oh, shut up. Now where did I put those contracts?”
“You know,” Raas fetched the plant, “a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind.”
“So?”
“Nothing; just my desk is usually empty.”
Gordon counted to a hundred, and then set the papers before them: the winner of the qualifier vs TBA. “Just put your Sam Houston on the bottom and get out.” Page signed, handed the pen to J, and left. The runty rudo adjusted his glasses, looked at the pen, and hesitated. Gordon smacked his forehead. “Oh, never mind. Just go!”

Alone at last, Gordon Paul turned on the cats at his window. Uttering a contemptuous “Hmmf!” he drew the shade and sank into a chair, feeling the need for another pill. No sooner had he kicked off his shoes and opened his desk drawer—fortunately he had some water left—than came a sharp knock on his door. “Good grief,” he grumbled, “what now,” and, drink in hand, reached for the knob. Only before he could open it, the door pushed inward, banging Gordon’s unshod argyle toe, while simultaneously striking his arm and spilling water on him. “Ow-wah!” Gordon took his injured foot in one hand, cursing and moaning. When at last he straightened, his visitor had slipped inside. 
“Can’t say I didn’t knock,” J told him, adding: “Ooh, nice socks.”
“What do you want now?”
“Forgot to return yer pen; I almost walked off with it.”
Gordon snatched the pen from J’s outstretched hand and for several moments pondered how many years he’d get for stabbing the runt. Said runt, meanwhile, assumed a crestfallen look as he asked: “Ain’t ya gonna thank me?”
Seconds later, as noises from the hall reached a deafening crescendo, the gaunt-faced grappler made a rapid retreat from the STW office, pausing only long enough to visit the desk where Raas had engaged the potted aloe in a game of checkers. Sizing up Plant’s position, he took the liberty of jumping three of Raas’ men; then, with a parting “Crown me,” checked out for parts unknown.
3. Lime Street Blues
A thirty-year veteran of the wrestling game, Gordon Paul had once been a premier performer in the business, headlining arenas across America and overseas. Always careful with a penny, he invested his money wisely and, when his days as an active participant wound down, purchased a dying Texas territory from the ailing Jim Cricket Promotions and rechristened it STW—or Shoot the Works. Retaining its then champion, Crusher Genet, he carefully embarked on a campaign to bring STW to prominence. Those plans came crashing down the night J-man showed up and beat Genet within minutes of stepping into the ring. What followed was a new campaign as Gordon now schemed to rid STW of this undersized upstart. Tonight, he promised, would be the night.
Match time: KBFD-TV presents STW wrestling. A calmly medicated Gordon Paul joined Raas at the announce table.
“Honestly, Gordon, we’ve such a packed card I don’t know how we’re going to fit it all in.”
The STW broadcast was normally a ninety-minute show featuring opening and mid-card matches. However Gordon had arranged with KBFD to air tonight’s entire card, estimated at three hours. This would draw people to the arena to see the non-televised events.
“Well, Raas,” Gordon winked good-naturedly to the camera, “we’ll just stay all night if we have to.”
Gordon ran down the first-round tournament matches: El 7 vs Ozzie Vegas, TM George vs Lex Icon, and what promised to be the match of the evening, Nate Cherboi vs Ricky Rowboat. (To which Raas added a long “Wooo.”) Also a qualifying match for the main event, a Texas Death Match, and a special challenge handicap match: the Brothers Wong vs Big Van White.
“I’m not sure I agree with that,” Raas interjected.
“Why not?”
“Well, you know what they say: two Wongs don’t make a White.”
In addition, there was a ladies match featuring Cutie Pies 2, 3, and 4. Gordon personally didn’t care for women wrestlers, but the fans got a kick out of them.
“Speaking of kick, the luchadoras have an advantage over the men when it comes to that. I mean, you kick a guy in the hangy-downies and he’s done for, where with the women, the worst that’d happen is to maybe lose a shoe.”
“For Heaven’s sake, Raas,” Gordon blanched, “you can’t say that on TV!”
“I only meant her boot could go flying if it wasn’t properly laced.”
There was little Gordon could do but hang his head—and wish he hadn’t left his pills at the office—as his roly-poly assistant rambled unchecked.
“Yes fans, I’m excited tonight! Not since September 14, 1917 when Clarence Eklund beat Elmer Brown for the WLH title has Houston hosted such a historic card. So grab your wife, grab your girlfriend, heck, grab yourself—No, wait, you might get arrested. I remember one time in Oklahoma—”
“Raas!”

The opening bouts went quickly, none longer than three minutes. A retirement match featuring Amarillo Man vs Mexico’s Cien Carcass, followed by Diamond Dave over Van Haggard with the Panamanian seat adjuster, and the Cold Equation defeated Dr A using a googolplex. Next came El 7 vs Ozzie Vegas. No one expected much as Vegas knew only two moves, so it came as a surprise when the little masked man went for a spinning toe-hold and Vegas turned it into an inside cradle for the pin.
“Gee,” said Raas, disappointed at 7’s elimination from the tournament, “if I didn’t know better, I’d say he rolled himself into that move.”
Then it was time for the J-man vs Page Bonham qualifier. 
“Look,” Raas noted. “J and El 7 have matching singlets.” In fact, save for the mask, the runty rudo was dressed exactly as El 7 had been. “What a nice show of solidarity.” 
Unfortunately, the match wasn’t quite the Pier Six brawl people were expecting. No sooner did the bell ring than Page rushed in with a flying tackle and J, standing his ground, nailed him with a lightning-quick knee to the head. It was over in five seconds, leaving the Page Bonham fans—all six of them—booing and the J-man detractors—everyone else—hissing.
“Let’s hope things pick up,” complained Gordon, displeased at the brevity of the early bouts, “otherwise we’ll be done in another half hour.”
The only excitement came afterward when Page took the plant and went to attack J with it. J dropkicked the flowerpot from Page’s hand, showering both wrestlers with potting soil. J brushed himself, “Good grief, I’m covered with th’ stuff,” and began to lick his hand before realizing he was still on camera. Page in turn was so distraught over Plant’s predicament J offered to re-pot it for him. Page thanked him, left, and Gordon announced a break while they swept the ring.

Part Two:
“Leah’s eyes were delicate.”
Genesis 29:17
4. She Wandered Through The Garden Fence
Unlike Gordon Paul, the gaunt-faced grappler could hardly be called a veteran of the game—be it the game of professional wrestling or the game of life itself. Not that his brief human existence hadn’t been interesting. For instance, if Raas really wanted to know who left that note in the men’s room, he could have dusted the dryer for prints; not that J’s would have shown up seeing as they’d been burned away following an incident with a fiery furnace. But then, what did finger prints matter when there wasn’t a name to go with them; “J-man” being nothing more than his STW ring moniker. 
It’d been eighteen months since his path crossed Gordon Paul, Jon Raas, and Raas’ wife Jenny, at a dingy hotel near an animal cemetery the Power Company had converted into a toxic waste dump. Working as a freelance courier, he made his way to Houston and the STW office where Raas signed him up; July 26 being the date. The rest, as they say, was history. And a painful history, as one look at the jagged scar running the length of his inner arm (compliments of Doc Quack’s Irish-accented homunculus, A-bear) would attest. Then there was the limp from having his knee clobbered by a golf club and a loss of hearing thanks to a renegade Power Company scientist. Also there was the pesky insect bite from Erik Von Fritz’s expedition to the tomb of the Viking Mummy from Outer Space. It’d been three months ago and the darn thing still refused to heal. Yet cruelest of all was the broken heart suffered at the feet of Fely of Davao, the Philippine Princess he’d rescued and fallen in love with. So it wasn’t like Gordon was the only one with heart problems.
It was for this reason he’d entered the STW championship tournament, knowing the event was sure to garner attention, not just in the Great State of Texas, but worldwide. And maybe, just maybe, news would reach the ears of his princess. 

Setting the re-potted aloe safely atop a bench, J hit the shower to rinse the soil from his skin. Ever fastidious about cleanliness and grooming, he stuck his face directly beneath the showerhead hoping to wash away the thoughts that crept upward from his heart. It was nearly Lent, and the aroma of potting soil got him thinking about bluebonnets; which in made him think about Princess Fely—because that was the scent of her hair when he buried his face in it. Thinking about Princess Fely was something he did every day. Not just the smell of her hair, but the sweet taste of her kisses as he... glanced down and realized he’d better turn on the cold water before someone walked in. Only when the scar on his arm began to ache did he turn it off, watching as the water swirled down the drain, taking his all hopes with it.
He’d but stepped out of the shower when a small, short-haired kid burst into the locker room, calling: “Help, he’s after me!” J assumed it a youngster being chased by security, only the idea went out the window when the door was kicked off its hinges by a hulking metallic figure wielding a huge sword in its gauntlet-covered hands.
“Gordon duzn’t like people kickin’ down doors,” J told it, fixing a towel around his waist. Normally there’d be other wrestlers in the room only they were all ringside for the debut of Sir Realistic Pillow.
The armor-clad figure grabbed the short-haired kid. “Hey,” J yelled, “pick on someone yer own size.” The metal man shoved the kid aside and came after J. “No, really,” J repeated. “Pick on someone yer size.”
Metal Man swung his sword. J ducked to one side and tossed his towel in the guy’s face. Blinded, Metal Man tripped over the bench, upsetting the plant. As J dove to catch it, Metal Man bent to pick up his sword. Still holding the plant, J hit him with a kneelift, knocking the metallic marauder upright, and causing its sword to connect with the overhead light fixture. There was a loud Zzzzzt!—after which the armor suit fell apart, empty.

Standing...stark naked...amid a pile of high-tech armor parts...holding a potted aloe plant overhead...trying to righten an overturned bench with one foot without drawing too much attention to his toes...while a bug-eyed kid stared open-mouthed at his predicament. Boy, thought J, if only my princess could see me now.
The bench was not cooperating. It didn’t want to flip over.
Not only wasn’t he having any luck with the bench, but he was also experiencing an intense itching sensation. The sore on his neck was flaring—the one from the insect bite that never healed. 
He squinted down at the kid, a pale looking stick figure with black hair. “Wanna help me with this bench so I kin set th’ pot down?”
The little kid peered back at him. “You wear glasses, right?”
The kid had really big eyes. That much J could make out even without glasses. “So?” he asked, the itching about to drive him crazy.
“Oh, nothing,” the kid hesitated; “except I’m a girl.”
Okay, so he was a girl. It was an easy enough mistake to make to make given her buzzed hair, skinny hips, and flat chest. but even so, it didn’t mean she couldn’t—
Wait! 
She was a girl! 
And he was doing a full monty with a stupid plant over his head!
All concern about his toes evaporated as he dropped the spiny plant to waist level. “Ye-ouch!” 
“You need to be careful around aloes,” she told him. “They’re awful sharp.” J was too busy grimacing to respond, so she added: “Would you like your towel back?”
“Please.”

Girt like a bony Hercules, J knelt beside the scattered metal parts.
“I’m Josie,” the girl held out her hand. “What’s your name?”
He went to take her hand, felt the towel slip from his waist, and indicated the wrestling program on the wall instead. She ran a finger down the list until reaching the bottom. “Oh well,” she hunkered beside him, “everyone has to start somewhere.” Her presence made J feel itchy again. “My aunt was a hotel doorman. It was an entry level position.” J shuffled his feet to keep them out of view and she pretended not to notice. Pondering the fate of the guy in the suit, she was sorely tempted to sing the opening line of a Procol Harum song.
The gaunt-faced grappler frowned, a wrinkled M of perplexity crossing his forehead. (“Ooh, how do you do that?”) The suit he recognized immediately. It was an outfit worn by Power Company guards at their maximum security lab sites. H Ellen Pea, the company’s black-hearted trouble-shooter, once gave him a tour of the facility and they were all over the place. But why go after some skinny girl? 
Josie hefted one of the metal gauntlets close to her face, viewing her reflection as she tried scrunching her brow in imitation of his. “I knew a guy got hit in the head with a walking stick; called it a mark of cane. Is that why your eyes don’t blink? Bet you can’t discern colors either.” J only half-listened, distracted as he was by the itching sensation plaguing his body, until she upped a childlike gaze at him, saying: “I wonder what these buttons are for?”
“Don’t touch ‘em,” J cautioned. “No tellin’ whut they do.”
“Uh-oh. One of them just lit up.”
“Rats, Jo! I told ya not to—”
Still clutching the potted plant in one hand, J took Josie’s wrist in the other. Seconds later, they disappeared in a Zzzzzt! of displaced atoms, leaving only the towel and a scattering of metal parts behind.

The room was something out of a science fiction movie, all dials, switches, and blinking lights. The lone technician looked up, “Hey, Bugs, why’d you signal—?” then gaped open mouthed as a naked fellow clutching a potted plant and a skinny girl dragging a metal gauntlet materialized on his transporter grid. “You!” he started, setting off an alarm. It blared loudly, prompting J to seize the gauntlet and hurl it at the guard’s face. 
(The guard’s ID said Sam; not that J could tell without his glasses.) 
As the guard fell, J took Jo’s hand and made for the nearest exit. The pungent air cleared his head as they ran through a patchy overgrown area until coming to a hurricane fence. “Prob’ly electric,” he noted, leading Jo toward a clump of bushes. 
“What is this place?” she panted, only to find herself alone. The next moment he was back, his eyes flickering like some deep reactor. 
“Sorry,” he apologized, resuming his normal coloration. “I wuz scoutin’.” With so many alarms going off, the place should have been crawling with people; but such was not the case. He would have said things smelled fishy, only it was more like raw sewage and swamp water.
Hoping for a clue to their whereabouts, J proposed climbing a tree. Jo cast a doubtful glance upward, observing the pines had been trimmed back to where the nearest branch was ten feet overheard, while J himself was but slightly over five feet. To her surprise however, the gaunt-faced grappler scrambled up the trunk with the agility of an animal born to climbing. 
Reaching the lowest limb, J leaned out, peering myopically into the distance. A far-off water tower bore the name “Tenacity” in large blurry letters. It put them near the Trinity River, some ninety minutes east of Houston. He leaned too far, lost his balance, and fell.
“Ooof!”
“Oh well,” Jo sighed, “so much for those cat theories.” This despite his having landed on all fours.
“Aw, hush,” he told her, brushing himself with bruised dignity. 
A twig snapped and they ducked. Sam, the console guy, was out searching. They crouched beside a bush, mooning the ants. As Jo squeezed close, J felt itchy again. Sam lowered his flashlight, approached the bush to relieve himself. Knowing it was better to be teed off than teed on, J tossed a pebble in the direction of the electric fence, startling Sam into turning. The crackling current traveled back from Sam’s urine stream and he went down, unconscious.
“I’ll forego the obvious joke here,” Jo noted decorously as J led her by the arm. The fence had shorted out but it still had barbed wire at the top. J crawled over—very carefully—then told her to toss him the plant. Josie pitched it over— 
Klunk! 
“Ouch!”
—and joined him on the other side where J sat rubbing his head. 
“Next time catch it with your hands.”
It was too dark for her to see the dirty look he was giving. “Let’s just go,” he grumbled, bending to retrieve the plant. “Ow! Darn it! I keep stabbin’ m’self.”
Fortunately it was only a tiny prick. The plant, that is.
5. Kaleidoscope
“Uh, would ya mind walkin’ in front of me?”
They made their way into town, the night air hot and sweltering despite the clouds that threatened rain. Reaching a residential district, Josie hopped a fence, returning with a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt from a backyard clothesline. No socks, however. “Thanks,” said J, donning them while she held the plant. Everything was quiet, the whole town having a deserted look; no traffic or pedestrians anywhere. “Sure yer not some crim’nal ‘n that’s why they wuz after ya?”
“Do I look like a criminal?” she asked, spreading her arms for his inspection.
J considered the schoolgirl figure before him—and no, she didn’t look like a criminal; although what she did look like wasn’t easy to say either. She was however a tiny thing, making comparisons to another small dark-haired girl unavoidable. Both were short—Josie having to stretch to meet his eyes—but where Princess Fely was breathtakingly beautiful, Jo was quite plain. And where one was a graceful miniature in form and figure, Josie was thin and shapeless, more a scrawny counterpart to himself. The comparison made his heart ache all the more.
Still Josie possessed a unique look: bloodlessly pale skin contrasting eerily with the close-cut hair of her little round head; hair so shiny it resembled the iridescent wing of an insect; and eyes so big they bored right through you. Not to mention the weird itching sensation she gave off.
J rubbed his neck. “Yer not from round here, are ya?” he asked.
She responded vaguely, something about being a student. “Not good in history, but great on dates.” She probably would have said more had not a humongous mosquito hawk chosen that moment to zoom by. “Aaagh!” she screamed, going even more ashen, “don’t let it get me!” and threw herself against him. 
“Good grief,” J shooed it away. “It’s justa bug.”
“I know,” she clung to his neck, “it’s just I hate those things.” 
Again he felt a weird itching sensation, “Yeah, well uh...” and patted her awkwardly, taking care lest he damage the delicate bones of her tiny frame. Hard to believe the plucky girl who had endured attacks by men in armor would shiver at the sight of something that preyed on other insects. 
Eventually he managed to work himself free. “Yer sure we never met?”
She hesitated before answering. Capturing him in her dark eyes, she responded softly: “The dead come back to life—sometimes—and in strange shape.” The blackness of her hair was like a thousand living things.
“Huh?” 
“H Rider Haggard,” she hinted. “Return of She.”
“Oh,” said J, not getting it. “I’m an Izak Blitzen fan m’self.” 
To which Josie shook her head, smiling as they resumed their walk into town.

Exhibiting greater confidence with the clothing issue settled, they stopped outside the local IHOP. “It was founded by a man with one leg,” Josie informed helpfully; “a former dance instructor who specialized in the cha.” On the door was the usual No Shoes No Shirt No Service notice. Jo peered through the window at the posted menu. The special was Poulet a’ la chevy, which was a fancy term for road kill chicken. “I’m a vegetarian myself. Still too much organic food can hurt you. Just ask the man who got run over by a produce truck. I wonder if they have any wild duck?”
“No, but I know a turkey ya kin annoy.”
“Turkey?” Jo pressed three fingers to her forehead. “Oh, right. You mean Melagris, the turkey god you rescued from a floating iceberg after you killed Santa Claus.”
“I did not kill Santa Claus! He fell into a geothermal reactor when—” J stopped abruptly. How did she know about his adventure with Santa?
“Shame I wasn’t there when you freed Mel from his cryonic suspension,” Jo continued with a sigh. “I could’ve said: Icy dead people.” Again she was bringing up things she had no right to know. 
Josie entered the diner first, distracting the waitress so the shoeless J could slip in. He made his way to the corner and flopped on the barstool.
“Ye-ouch!”
“Careful. I set the plant there. You know, it’s not healthy clenching your teeth like that. You should say what you’re thinking and get it out of your system.”
“Th’ nuns at th’ orphanage didn’t let us use that kinda language.”
The diner was mostly deserted, the few customers there ignoring the TV showing the STW broadcast. Josie hopped atop a stool and began swiveling back and forth. J watched her fidget about, picking up objects and setting them down again. “Don’t ya ever sit still?” he asked.
She froze, eyes narrowed ominously, and whispered, “Only when I’m waiting for my next meal to come along,” then laughed and played with the stool again.
The waitress came over—she didn’t bring a tray—and Josie ordered two ice teas.
“Don’t fergit th’ plant,” J reminded her, and Jo amended the order to make it three.
Amazingly, the wall clock showed they’d only been there half an hour.
“So,” Jo looked around, “how’d you become an orphan? Your folks take you to an orphanage and tell you to mingle? Hah! You think yours were rough? For bath time, mine gave me a toaster shaped like a rubber duck. I tell you, I was an unloved child. And poor? Why, we couldn’t afford alphabet soup with all the letters in it. And talk about unpopular. I ran unopposed in a school election and came in third. I tell you no one liked me. When the carnival came to town, guys would take me to the Tunnel of Love, and then tell me to wait outside.”
On and on she rambled while J studied the girl’s plain-jane features. European? Eastern? Her milk-white skin made it impossible to tell. Nor did her eyes do anything to suggest a background. Large, jewel-like, and slightly oval in shape, they were like none he’d ever seen. Giving up on her face, he directed his gaze downward, noting how her position—squatting on her knees while resting both elbows on the counter—offered an unobstructed view down her top. Not that there was anything to see, it being like a couple of pieces of gravel on a flat driveway. What did catch his eye was her necklace, an Egyptian ankh, and he tried to recall where he’d last seen such a symbol. He must have been staring a long time when it dawned on him she’d stopped talking. Experiencing an intense itching sensation, he looked up—straight into her dark piercing eyes.
“I suppose I should be flattered,” she said softly.
“Huh?” His eyes darted from face to pendant. “Oh, no; I wuzn’t—” 
“Hey, we’re only human.” Nevertheless, she sat back properly. A bit of awkward silence followed, she finally adding: “I mean, we are; aren’t we?”
“Uh, sure,” J tucked his bare feet beneath the barstool. “Of course we are.”

The television was showing the women’s trios match. They were into the mid-card now, with the matches getting longer. Next would be the Japanese handicap match. “Look, Jo,” J told her quietly, “I need to git back fer my match. I haven’t time fer solvin’ mysteries.”
Disappointment showed on Josie’s face while, on TV, Page Bonham jumped into the ring, interrupting the women.
“But I heard you were Houston’s Licensed State Hero, like Yellow Rose out of San Antonio, or Captain Cricket in Lubbock, or Z-babe from Beaumont, or—”
J held up a hand, fearing she’d count off every state sanctioned crime fighter by their respective city. “That wuz a one-night deal,” he told her, “th’ time I guarded Princess Fely.”
“Oh, right,” Jo gave a disparaging snort, “Her!” as she again pressed three fingers to the center of her forehead. “I swear, when I picture the two of you making goo-goo eyes on that park bench—”
J colored in embarrassment as Jo belittled what, for him, had been a tender moment. How could she know about that night with the princess? There’d been no one there except him and her—and a mosquito. 
Back on TV, Page got on the house mike and accused J of plant-napping.
“Anyhow,” Jo continued, “that’s why I ran to the coliseum: to see you.”
The Cutie Pies gave Page a triple enzuigiri, knocking him out of the ring so the match could continue.
Josie glanced guiltily at the plant, “I guess Mr Page can’t face the fuchsia without it;” then sighed. “So you’re not a Licensed State Hero? Pity. I should have suspected something when I caught you out of costume.”
“I don’t wear a costume,” J told her, petulantly.
“Yes,” she grinned, “I noticed that.”
By which time even the plant was laughing.4 

“Well,” Jo shifted gears, “let’s put together what we know.” Taking a soda straw from the dispenser, she struck a Sherlock Holmes pose. “Obviously the man at the control console was an employee of the Trinity River Wastewater Disposal Plant and he—”
“Wait a min’it,” J interrupted. “How d’ya know that?”
“It’s simple deduction. Did you look at him?”
“I didn’t have my glasses.”
“Well, Watson,” Josie gestured with her straw, “had you been observant you’d have seen he was wearing rubber boots, thus suggesting a damp work environment. Also his eyes were red and watery, suggesting close contact with pungent chemicals. Finally faint traces of chlorine on his person coupled with the bad smell of the compound all go to indicate a wastewater treatment facility.”
J was properly impressed. “But how’d ya know th’ name of th’ place?”
“Oh, that,” she shrugged. “It was stitched onto his uniform.”
The gaunt-faced grappler did a slow burn. He raised his finger to say something but she cut him off.
“Hush; here comes the waitress. Sure took her long enough.”
The woman showed no emotion as she set three glasses before them. Her movements were stiff and mechanical. When done, she returned to the other end of the counter.
“Not th’ friendliest service,” J noted.
Josie sweetened the plant’s tea and then used her straw to feed it. “It was like that the last time I was here.”
“Whut?” J almost fell off his stool.
“You hard of hearing or something? Oh right, you are. I said: It was like that the last time I was here.”
“Keep yer voice down.” Simple deduction his foot. “When wuz that?”
“Mid-January; after which I moved to Houston.”
“That where yer goin’ to school?”
“Law student. U of H. Anyhow I only stayed here a few weeks. Then tonight, I’m leaving class and this bozo—Zzzzzt—appears out of nowhere and chases me. I ran to the coliseum, and that’s where you came in.”
“They must have found ya through yer school records.”
“They who?”
J took his straw and fed the plant also. “I dunno. Whoever they are.”
Jo continued: “When I first got here everyone was friendly—”
“Well, this is Texas, ya know.”
“—but later it was like they’d all changed.” She paused and smiled. For a not-so-pretty girl she had a nice smile. “That’s all I know.”
There had to be more. “Wuz ya here all th’ time?”
“No. I ventured into Houston one night when I heard they were spraying for mosquitoes. I’m...sort of allergic to bug spray.”
“Hmm.” 
“Luckily they post a schedule when they’re spraying so I made a point not to be around when they did. You think that could be it? Something in the bug spray?”
“I dunno.”
“Oh come on. You’re not as dumb as you look.”
“Well...” 
The plant’s tea glass was empty so they fell to drinking their own. The sight of Jo sipping tea, with her enormous eyes and the straw to her lips like some extended proboscis, proved too distracting for J to concentrate.
“There’s obviously a Power Company involvement,” said Jo, somehow managing to talk and drink at the same time, “given the metal suits and the technology which landed us here. Everyone knows they do all kinds of clandestine projects. Now, in some small towns, the sewage department is responsible for pest control, right?”
“Some; right.”
“And given how the Power Company operates, it’s not uncommon for scientists to go off the deep end now and then.”
“It happens,” J admitted from experience.
“So suppose some nut invented a chemical for controlling people’s minds and is testing it here?” 
What she was describing was the plot for 1943’s The Mad Ghoul, starring George Zucco as an evil scientist who perfected a gas designed to induce a zombie-like trance in anyone who inhaled it. That, along with bits of 1956’s Invasion of the Body Snatchers, where extraterrestrial seed pods replicated citizens as brainwashed slaves. Both movies had aired on KBFD-TV earlier that week. J would have told her as much only he couldn’t get an edge in word-wise. Maybe if he could catch her between sips... 
“But—”
“Right: but why are they after me? Because I alone wasn’t affected. But then I wasn’t here. Only they don’t know that so they think I’m immune to the stuff and want to dissect me to find out why. Oh, J,” she turned her pleading eyes on him, “you wouldn’t let them dissect me, would you?”
J shook his head. Not so much out of compassion but exasperation. He tried imagining her with a piece of adhesive tape over her mouth.
She wrinkled her nose. “Take a whiff.”
“Huh?”
“Sniff the air,” she clarified.
It didn’t take a rocket scientist to detect a lingering scent of spray in the air.
“That odor means it takes frequent applications to maintain the effect.”
“Which means...?”
“Holy insecticides, J-man!” She smacked her fist into her palm. “It means the stuff wears off! So if we stop them, the town should return to normal!” 
She folded her arms across her chest and beamed proudly. It wasn’t much of a chest, nor did J think it was much of a theory. He made the mistake of telling her so. 
“Oh, I see,” she bristled defensively. “You don’t believe it because all you have is my word and the actions of an unfriendly waitress.” There followed another period of uneasy silence as the clock ticked, the television played, and Josie hummed a tuneless buzz. After a bit, her eyes went toward the window. “Would the presence of a crowd of mindless zombies convince you?” she asked quietly. “Because, if it would, there’s one out there now.”
Sure enough, a bunch of mindless zombies had gathered outside the diner. Not the rotting flesh variety from a Seven Arts/Hammer film but more the aimless, shuffling type found in a Val Lewton movie. 
“Well?” Jo I-told-you-so’d.
It was clear now the waitress had been making phone calls. Soon the local sheriff arrived and the crowd parted to let him through; proving while they may have been mindless zombies, at least they were well-behaved mindless zombies. The sheriff nodded to the waitress and approached the gaunt-faced grappler and Josie.
“Why, officer,” Jo tried meekly, “surely you wouldn’t arrest J for not wearing shoes.”
“I’ll add it to the charges,” the sheriff replied stiffly.
“Whut charges?” asked J, befuddled.
“Well, for starters, there’s criminal trespass and theft.”
“Don’t forget the shoes,” Jo added.
“Oh be quiet!” J turned back to the officer. “Honest sir, trespass ‘n theft? We only stopped here cos th’ aloe wuz thirsty.”
“Well, son,” the sheriff pointed, “I’d almost believe it were it not for your t-shirt saying you’re on the local girls’ volleyball team.”
Only then did the nearsighted Nimrod squint down at the lettering on his t-shirt. Once again he could sense the potted aloe laughing. As for Josie, she merely shrugged, saying, “It was either that or a camisole.”

Coldly efficient, the sheriff handcuffed them together, handed J the plant, heavier now from its recent watering, and led them out where the zombie crowd milled idly about. Jo yelled, “Run!” and took off. J stayed put and she was jerked back on her backside. “You were supposed to run!” she scolded.
“Where?” J shot back. “I gotta bad knee, ya know.”
The sheriff opened the patrol car for them to get in. Jo ducked her head, not that she needed to, then, straightening quickly, pointed at one of the zombie townspeople. “Hey, isn’t that Kevin McCarthy?” The sheriff glanced up—really it looked more like Donald Sutherland—and this time she took off, dragging J and the plant with her.
Still cuffed, but with the zombies slow to follow, they escaped through empty alleys to the court of a motor lodge. “It’s where I stayed last time,” Jo hauled J through a window. “They’d never think to look here.”
No sooner has she said it than— 
Knock-Knock!
J gave Jo a sour look. “Ya wuz sayin’?”
“Quick!” she shoved him toward the bathroom. “Into the shower!”
With the most reluctant of sighs J set the plant on the toilet lid and stepped into the tub as Jo turned on the water. The sheriff entered and Jo let out an ear-splitting scream. It caught the sheriff off guard to where he backed out, apologizing.
Jo peeked out, partially hidden by the curtain.
“Do you always shower with your clothes on?” The sheriff re-entered.
“It saves on laundry bills,” Jo explained.
J, meanwhile, accidentally clinked his cuffed wrist against the shower tile.
“Sounds like you got your dishes in there too.” The sheriff directed Jo to shut off the water. 
J, wrist aching from the cold water, snuck a hand from behind the curtain, hoping to get towel. The sheriff slid the towel away. J stretched further. The sheriff moved the plant closer. “Ye-ouch!” J jumped from the tub.
The sheriff, with a humorless zombiefied smile, took J into custody, leaving Jo cuffed to the faucet pipe. 
“You can’t leave me like this! Not after all that tea!”
The sheriff shrugged, “I’ll come back,” as he led J toward the door.
“J?” Jo looked up piteously. “What should I do?”
“Take care of th’ plant,” he sighed.
6. Good Captain Clack
Just as necessity is the mother of invention, so too can desperation be the mother of improvisation. Sometimes it leads to greatness—consider football’s Hail Mary pass play—while other times it lends itself to indecision and confusion. 
Take for instance the time J sought to enliven an unresponsive crowd by doing the old Lucha Libre move of coming off the ropes with a flying head-butt, a spot performed countless times by Black Shadow, Mil Mascaras, and El Santo. Now, if one watches closely, he’ll see what they’re doing is really a two-handed chop to the opponent’s forehead rather than an actual colliding of skulls. Regrettably, the runty rudo hadn’t analyzed the move well, and so he came off the ropes headfirst into his opponent’s cranium. The ensuing klonk! echoed throughout the auditorium, the crowd laughing helplessly as J flopped to the canvas. This wasn’t the response he’d intended and so he tried again. Again he bounced off the ropes, again came the resounding klonk!, and again the crowd burst into hysterics. Only this time, as the semi-conscious J-man sprawled on his back, his equally dazed opponent fell forward, crashing into J’s groin. And it was here that indecision and confusion set in as the bony battler had to decide, over roars of laughter, which body part to grab onto. (Seeing as neither participant could continue, the match was ruled a double count-out; one of the few gray marks on his otherwise illustrious record.)
Now, once again, the gaunt-faced grappler faced a moment of indecision, perhaps not as critical as a set of crushed cojones, but one equally significant. Namely whether to escape to Houston in time for his match or stay and investigate the Case of the Insidious Insecticides. As a wrestler, it was against all time-honored traditions of the sport to no-show an event. Yet as a former Licensed State Hero, it was his duty to help people. Then too, he was curious by nature, and so he twitched an ear as the sheriff placed a call.
“Yes’m,” the sheriff spoke dully. “Talked about ‘odor’ and ‘taking care of the plant’. No ma’am, no idea how they found out. Half an hour? We’ll be waiting.”
Thinking his zombie-like state might leave him open to suggestion, J decided to see if he could get the sheriff to talk. “Who wuz that?” he asked.
The sheriff stared blankly into space. “Sister Sludge.”
“Sister Sludge?”
“Lady runs the sewer plant.”
“Yer gonna turn us over to her?”
“Yep.”
“How cum?”
“I don’t know,” the sheriff paused, looking puzzled. “Just...because.”

J settled back in the shadows of his cell and rested his feet against the wall. So the person in charge was a woman. Great! Now the gaunt-faced grappler had nothing against women in general; although his experiences of late were giving him second thoughts. After all, woman was taken from man’s rib, and as any butcher will tell you, that’s not one of the best cuts. He brushed aside a mosquito, noting their spraying had missed one. If nothing else, at least he was rid of Josie. Or so he thought until he again felt an intense itching all over his body.
“Maybe I should bring you a yoka-lilly?”
He looked up to see her peering through the bars from the alley outside. She must’ve been standing on a garbage can as she was rocking back and forth.
“You know,” she pantomimed, “that thing, like a guitar.”
“Ya mean ukulele,” he lowered his feet to a sitting position.
“Ukulele? Didn’t he invent the stomach claw?”
“That wuz Duke Keomuka. His real name wuz Hisao Tanaka. He wuz one of th’ most infamous ‘Japanese’ heels of his day...despite bein’ a US citizen.”
“Whatever,” Jo blew it off. “Hey, nice threads.” The sheriff had confiscated the girls’ volleyball uniform and issued him a pair of orange coveralls. No socks, however. “Now you aren’t violating Deuteronomy 22’s prohibition against cross-dressing. By the way, the Wongs switched places and the illegal guy hit a DDT on Big Van White for the pin.”
“How’d ya—?”
“I managed to slip the handcuffs—I’m kind of small, you know—and snuck out the window. Here; brought you a file. Don’t drop it. Wouldn’t want you to be a saw loser.”
“Thanks.”
“I would’ve hid it in a cake only then you’d swallow it and end up with a raspy voice.”
“Th’ way these bars are set I’ll still be sawin’ away ten years after I’m released.”
“I suppose you’ve got a better idea?”
As a matter of fact, he did, having calculated his chances of leaping from the metal bed to the window and squeezing through the bars. He’d have to make himself small to do it, but then the cell was dark enough for him to get away with it—if only she’d go away.
“Ooh wait; I know!”
“Jo, I already gotta plan.”
“But mine’s better, okay? Just compromise and do it my way.”

J listened in silence—all the while imagining her face on a dart board—to her master plan, which consisted of this: that she don his prison coveralls and use them to attract the sheriff’s attention. The sheriff would first check to see if he was really missing, which he’d appear to be by positioning himself on the overhead ceiling pipes, after which the sheriff would leave and go after her. Then all he need do was crawl down and walk out. True, he’d be naked again, but hey, nothing’s perfect.
So there he was, hanging from the ceiling as the sheriff unlocked the cell door; all the while recalling an old joke whose punch line went “Ding dong, goddammit! Ding dong!” 
Fortunately things went okay and he escaped unscathed.

The alley where they were to rendezvous housed a movie theater, its marquee advertising Corman Zarkoff’s The Day the Earth Rotated. No one was there. For all J knew, the citizens of Tenacity were still outside the IHOP. It seemed unlikely anyone in a zombie state of mind would seek such stimulating entertainment as movies or wrestling, although public television viewing was probably through the roof.
Still there was the matter of the sheriff looking for him, so J padded into the back alley and sought shelter behind a row of garbage cans. There, he tossed rocks at the light bulb over the theater exit. His third try sent bits of shattered glass down, causing him to jump out from the cans to avoid getting cut.
J wondered where Josie was. She’d proven the town was under control of a renegade Power Company scientist, so all they had to do was tell H Ellen Pea, the PC’s ace troubleshooter, about the situation. Only they’d have to get out of town to do it since the switchboards would be monitored. Not that he could place a call seeing as he had no change...because he had no pockets...because he had no clothes. “Rats!” he muttered as a mosquito buzzed his ear, its muted murmur interrupting his murky musings. Again he wondered about Josie while again the mosquito buzzed his ear. He shooed it away and, in the process, tripped over something at his feet. It was the aloe. “Hey,” he smiled, as the plant’s spiny spikes swayed a friendly greeting.
Someone tapped him on the shoulder. 
“Yikes!” He spun, backed into the plant’s pointy leaves, “Ouch!” and clamped hold of the hand. 
“Ow!” a soft voice cried. “That hurts!” 
“Jo?”
Josie rubbed her wrist. “You were expecting George Zucchini?” 
It was like she’d drifted down from the sky, so unexpected was her arrival. All J could do was stare stupidly as the now-familiar itching ran up and down his body. Somehow her prison coveralls had come undone and she made a hasty effort to fasten them. “Boy,” she pouted, cuffing the sleeves to fit her tiny wrists, “of all the naked men I’ve been in dark alleys with—”
J just stared. 
He stared some more.
“What?” Jo asked.
J didn’t answer. There was something different about her. Something subtle. Almost as though she’d been taken apart and put back together. She was still the same bug-eyed stick figure, but she seemed a trifle shorter and her cropped hair looked a bit fuller. Also the dark freckles around her eyes had rearranged themselves.
“Ya look different,” J said finally.
“Oh, that.” She waved a hand dismissively. “It happens every time I—”
A pair of headlights interrupted her. J, Jo, and plant ducked behind a garbage can as a squad car shone its searchlight into the alley. Josie crowded closer, her face touching his and, just like the time under the streetlamp, her hair stirred as though having a life of its own. It was an illusion caused by the dim lighting and his lack of glasses, but it was disconcerting nonetheless.
“By th’ way,” J whispered, “zucchini is a vegetable.”
“As is everyone else around here,” Jo replied. 
The patrol car moved on and Josie stepped into the open. J stayed put. “Quick,” he ordered, “gimme back my clothes.” He couldn’t believe she’d fooled the sheriff, the prison outfit being so loose and baggy on her.
“Can’t,” Jo shook her head; “I left mine outside the jail.”
Oh, well, he thought, seems reasonable—only then his brain did a double-take. “Whut?” he blurted, forgetting the need for silence. “Why on earth would ya—?” 
Her only response was a puzzled turn of her innocent saucer-size eyes. J flapped his arms, frustrated because there’d been no reason for her to remove her clothing. His unblinking stare scrutinized her outfit, wondering if there really was anything underneath. It didn’t occur to him Jo might not appreciate being treated like a bug under a magnifying glass and he failed to detect the growing resentment in her round, dark eyes. 
“Then go in yer underwear!” he said finally, it being the only reasonable solution.
Jo saw it otherwise, “Oh now I get it,” hands on hips and scowling. “I should have suspected something when I caught you staring down my blouse.”
Staring down her—? When did—? Oh right; at the diner. But it wasn’t like he’d been staring. “I wuz just checkin’ out yer—” he wanted to say ankh but couldn’t recall the word, so he made a circular motion.
“Oh, good grief,” she flustered; “they’re called—”
He stepped out from behind the garbage can—”That’s not whut I”—then remembering he was naked, jumped back. “Kin we just drop it?” 
“Fine,” she crossed her arms and tapped her foot angrily. “Besides, Colossians 3 says clothe yourself with kindness, humility, and patience.” It was the second time she’d quoted Scripture. Sensing his question, she responded: “There was a Bible in my motel room; I got bored one night and read it.” J halfway expected her to make a joke about the Moabites being a bunch of ruthless people following the departure of Naomi’s daughter-in-law. Instead she kept a stony silence. 
J hefted the plant and went to stand behind her. It was clear he’d never get back for his match so he might as well see what he could do here. Or as Sam Houston said as he led the charge on San Jacinto, Damn the tamales, full speed ahead! Only how were they supposed to get to the treatment plant without being seen? 
“Ya got any ideas?” asked J.
“Well,” Jo began, “we could—”
“I wuz talkin’ to th’ plant.” 

J wanted to kick himself. “Sorry,” he mumbled, “I didn’t mean—” He looked down at his toes and gave up. 
Second bill on the theater marquee was a movie set in the Swiss Alps where a frightful banshee descended on a family of brain-damaged children, causing them to break out into the most god-awful songs ever heard and, in the end, to butcher a lonely goatherd. 
Josie turned around. “Look,” she softened, “I’m sorry I messed things up by coming to you for help. But as long as we’re stuck, we may as well stick together. Remember: no man is an island—unless he wets the bed.”
The gaunt-faced grappler sighed; then, resigning himself to God’s will, positioned the plant in front of him and with Josie struck off down the road. It bothered him that he couldn’t recall which book of Scripture that last quote came from.
“And stop worrying about your feet. Heck, you should see me in the morning without my makeup.”
It cheered him a minute—until he remembered she wasn’t wearing any.
7. Outside The Gates Of Cerdes
“La la-la, la la-la...”
Jo’s voice settled softly on the night air. J recognized the tune as Procol Harum’s “Skip Softly My Moonbeams.” While appropriate to the moment, J nonetheless felt she was rubbing it in needlessly. 
“Then th’ tongues of th’ dumb will sing,” he quoted Isaiah 35.
“I heard that!” Jo complained, but only half-seriously.
In truth, the tiny girl had a pleasing voice. It blended beautifully with the katydids to pass the hour as they made their way through the woods to Sister Sludge’s compound. Eventually they came to a pond. Actually J tripped and fell into it. He came up, muttering as best he could with a water lily between his teeth.
“Oh quit complaining,” Josie scolded. “At least you didn’t get your trousers wet.”
In the back of his mind J had a vision of her head mounted on the wall of Gordon’s office, but he shook it off as it’d clash with the jigsaw puzzles. In reality, the moonbeams were of little help in avoiding sticks, pinecones, and brambles. Oh well, he crawled out of the greenish muck, there’s no way it can get any worse, and lifted his eyes skyward as a thick canopy of clouds blotted out the moon. 
Then it began to rain.
To which Josie responded with the chorus to “Piggy Pig Pig.”

Doused by thick precipitation, they followed the pond to a reed-infested stream. Here Josie disappeared. The gunk-stained grappler figured she was taking care of business so, to kill time, he took a pebble and made like Sam Houston throwing a dollar across the Brazos. He listened to it skip unseen over the watery surface, only to have it stop abruptly, as though falling out of existence. After which he simply bided his time and waited.
The moss-draped marshes of East Texas lie deep in the wood, where pale yellow fireflies form a Borealis against the low-hung clouds. Gnarled and crusty cypress trees draped with Spanish moss, motionless pools of dark scummy water, and faraway sounds of dripping and slithering. All stretched uninvitingly before J. As the breeze rose, an unexpected parting in the clouds sent a set of stars winking mouse-like into view—seven glittering points resolving themselves into the Great Bear. J took this as an omen, as in “Oh, man, whut am I doin’ here?” 
He turned his attention once more to the dreariness around him, wondering if he should see if Josie was all right. From a distant clump of bushes, he saw what looked to be a swarm of iridescent insects dancing in the starlight, and moments later Josie emerged from the woods dragging behind her a small canoe.
“Look what I found.”
“Where’d ya git that?”
She didn’t answer, knowing he wouldn’t believe her anyway.
“There ain’t no paddles,” J noted.
“I’d go back and negotiate; only I couldn’t stand the ordeal.” 
A long silence. 
“Get it? Oar-deal.”
He sighed and got practical, asking how she intended to navigate without paddles.
“Easy,” Jo settled into the canoe. “You get in the water and pull the rope.”
“Me!”
“Well you can’t expect me to do it. Besides, you’re already dirty.”
It was clearly a case of row versus wade—to which J voiced a defiant “No!”
“And why not?” she challenged.
“I can’t swim,” he offered weakly. He was going to add that his arm was hurting— 
“The matches, remember?”
—but in the end he gave up. As the cold, slimy water rose to his waist, J wondered if such things ever happened to Sam Houston when he crossed the Rio Grande. The only good thing about the situation was their boat was a canoe as opposed to a flat-bottomed one; otherwise an Amarillo wrestling fan might have said the gaunt-faced grappler was in a dory funk.

Crossing the reed-riddled swamp, Josie spoke softly as J pulled:
“I like the night. It covers with somber hues and comforts with gentle touch, easy on the eyes and peaceful. Day blinds; night welcomes. In darkness, things come to life: cats prowl, insects buzz, and God seems closest. The air is clear, the sounds distinct, and the pace relaxed, alive with promise, and its light is not harsh. Day burns; night cools. Day bleaches; night restores. She was man’s first teacher; her stars igniting his imagination. From night you learn quietness. From night you learn softness. And no one need ever feel alone.”
Thankfully Jo was no heavier than a sack of potatoes, allowing J to pull the canoe with one arm. Despite the rain, a cloud of swamp mosquitoes gathered about them. Not once did they bother him; rather they seemed to form a protective escort for the craft’s tiny queen-like passenger.
“Where are we?” J asked nervously. 
“It’s the spillway from the sewage plant.”
J’s nose told him as much. “Them skeeters are gettin’ awful thick.”
“Don’t worry. They won’t bother us.”
The mosquitoes weren’t the only thing getting thick. So were the reeds, forcing J use both hands. “Ya sure this is safe?”
“I’m sure.”
“S’pose there’s alligators?”
“There are no alligators. The piranha ate them all.”
“Whut!”
“Oh, get back in. It was just a joke.”
“Yeah, right; some joke.”
Jo laughed.
“Now whut?”
“I just thought of the movie, African Queen; with the leeches—”
“Whut!”
“J! If you keep jumping into the canoe we’ll never get anywhere.”
But eventually they did, and none-the-worse for wear—well, other than J was giving off stench rays visible to the naked eye. “Eww,” Josie held her nose, “you stink.”
“Sorry; next time I’ll walk on top of th’ water.”
“You’re so crabby. It’s all the Power Company’s fault anyway.”
“I’ll be lucky if that’s all I got. An’ don’t knock th’ Power Company. They provide an important service.”
“Oh, I know. If not for electricity we have to watch TV by candlelight.”
Another long silence. 
“That’s an old George Gobel joke.”
“I’ll laugh when th’ plant duz.”

Leaving their myriad escort at the water’s edge—
“By th’ way, whut is th’ collective noun fer a bunch of skeeters?”
“It varies by region. In Nashville it’s a davis.”
—J and Jo converged on the treatment center, creeping tiptoe across the rain-soaked clearing. Things had died to a steamy drizzle and the haziness covered their advance. J was miserable. His arm ached, his knee hurt, and he smelled like—
“Crap,” said Josie.
“I ain’t that bad.”
“Not you; there’s someone outside.” The wastewater facility housed a central building, two utility sheds, and a treatment tank with an overhead catwalk. A guard stood beneath a light. “It’s Sam. See how his mustache is frizzled from the electric fence?” 
J didn’t care. Rummaging behind a shed, he found a discarded rag to serve as a loincloth. It was nowhere near as good as when Sam Houston commissioned Ma Ferguson to design the Texas flag, but it would have to do. Now girt for action, the rancid runt turned his attention to the guard.
“Pssst!”
Sam saw a hand beckon from behind the shed and went to investigate. J gave him an elbow to the gut, applied a front face-lock, and pounded his head against the tank.
“Now, whut’s (Klang!) goin’ (Klang!) on? (Klang-klang-klang!)”
“Okay, okay,” Sam answered his aromatic assailant. “Will Kane won the Texas Death Match in four straight falls using the sharpshooter.” It meant there were only two matches to go before his: Nate Cherboi vs Ricky Rowboat and TM George vs Lex Icon. “And if you ask me,” Sam added, “my money’s on Rowboat. He’s younger and—”
J disagreed, arguing Nate always came through in the clinch.
Jo interrupted them, a slight “ahem” reminding him about the “odor” thing.
“Oh, right; I fergot.”
Just then a second guard came out of the brush. His ID tag said Elmer. He took in the scene, then stared back at the ground. What he saw there registered more than the sight of his co-worker being beaten up. “I don’t get it,” he said finally. “I was tracking some four-toed varmint from the woods, only now—”
Uh-oh, thought Jo, time for a diversion. Setting the aloe aside, she jumped out with one arm extended; yelling “Stick ‘em up!” The befuddled Elmer complied. “Hah!” She winked at J. “He thinks I have a real gun.”
Only then Elmer produced a weapon of his own.
“Oops!” Jo ooped softly, lowering her hands and slinking to J’s side.
J released Sam, “Sorry about that,” smoothing the man’s rumpled uniform as a lady with a close-cropped Afro stepped onto the catwalk above the sewage tank. “Izzat Sister Sludge?”
“It isn’t the Wizard of Ooze,” Sam answered.
She wasn’t bad-looking for a mad scientist, clad as she was in skirt, heels, and lab coat. She definitely didn’t look like George Zucco.
“What’s going on?” the woman demanded.
“Nothing,” said Elmer, returning a puzzled gaze to the ground. “Some school kid and a convict making out in the woods.” He sniffed the air, following the trail to J. “Eww; you stink.”
Sister Sludge nodded, “Surely, the smell of my son is like the smell of the fields that the Lord has blessed,” causing J to cringe. It was bad enough Josie quoted Scripture without the bad guys doing it also. 
“Sorry if we interrupted ya,” the scented small-fry apologized.
“I was in the middle of a chemistry experiment,” she retorted swiftly.
“Hey, wait!” yelled Sam, “them’s the varmints what came in on the transporter;” and decked J with a hard right to the chin. “Tanks for the memory,” he added grumpily, leaving J to wonder if all bad guys secretly wanted to be comedians.

As Josie helped the fragrant fighter to his feet, Sister Sludge welcomed her, saying so much had happened “scents you’ve been gone,” and asked about her friend. Jo admitted seeing a lot of him lately. 
Sludge then explained her nefarious plot. “It began as an ecology project.” She paused. “You are ecology minded, aren’t you?”
J wasn’t sure. “Duz seein’ Godzilla vs th’ Smog Monster count?”
Sister Sludge gave it a moment’s consideration, “I’ll allow it;” then continued: “Now as any school child knows, the sense of smell offers a direct link to the brain via the nasal passage. Thus I developed a mind-controlling substance I call ODOR: Olfactory Dominance Of Reason.”
“Ah,” Josie nodded, “and this is the ol’ factory where you make it.”
Sam scowled at her. He couldn’t punch a girl so he decked J again.
“It also contains a slight onion derivative,” Sludge added; “makes a nice gravy sauce in a pinch.”
“Okay,” shrugged J, “so ya took over a town usin’ bug spray. Big deal.”
Sister Sludge shook her head. “I admit it’s not perfect. It only works over a small area and it doesn’t affect everyone.” She glanced meaningfully in Josie’s direction. “Still I’d say it’s worth a million bucks if it’s worth a scent.”
“Only wouldn’t the Power Company own the patent?” asked Jo.
Sister Sludge frowned. “Law student, right?”
“Right,” Jo nodded.
“I suppose that’d be true,” Sister Sludge conceded, “if ever I bothered to write it down. It’s a simple formula, so I mix it up fresh as needed.”
“So right now,” said J, “ODOR duzn’t exist?”
“Only your own,” she smiled.
“Well, Sister,” Josie shook a feisty fist at the woman on the catwalk. “You’re not as clever as you think, else you’d recognize this smelly gunk-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes as a Licensed State Hero sent by your boss, H Ellen Pea. Any minute now this place will be crawling with PC tactical forces ready to put an end to your rancorous research!” 
She was totally bluffing, but at least she’d done her homework.
“Oh?” Sister Sludge feigned concern. “Then I guess we best eliminate the problem. After all, I may work in a sewer, but I will not be deterred.”
At which point it was hard to say what stunk worse: the gaunt-faced grappler, the air around the treatment plant, or the scientific sister’s sense of humor.

The putrid punk pondered their predicament. The Power Company did monitor its cybernetic suits, so H Ellen Pea was sure investigate its arrival (and destruction) at the coliseum and backtrack it to Sludge’s sewer site. The only question was when? Perhaps they could stall for time.
“Hey Jo; my eyes ain’t so good. Whut duz that sign over there say?”
“How the heck would I—Ow!” 
He kicked her on the shin. 
She kicked him back. 
He gave her a dirty look and finally she got the message—”Oo-oo, now I get it”—and flashed him an A-okay. “Gosh J, I can’t tell either. You know, my aunt’s eyes were so bad the doctor would call letters off the chart and she’d answer true or false.”
“My uncle never used glasses.”
“My aunt drank straight from the bottle also.”
“Maybe we should let yer aunt meet my uncle.”
“I don’t know. My aunt’s pretty weird. She has tattoos.”
“Lotsa people have tattoos.”
“On the other side of their skin?”
Sister Sludge glanced at her watch. “If this were vaudeville you’d have been given the hook by now.”
“Aw, give us a chance,” Josie pleaded. “We’re just warming up. Say J, I’m not saying people in this town are ugly but last Halloween I danced with a pumpkin three times and never knew the difference. By the way, when J’s uncle joined a nudist colony they made him grow a beard so he could go into town for supplies.”
Guard Elmer, having suffered enough for one night, took it on himself to carry Jo to one of the storage sheds. “And tough? Why he’d eat raw meat then sit on the stove to cook it.” He tossed her in and slammed the door.
“Suit yourself,” she called out, “but you’re going to miss my ventriloquist act with the aloe.”

Okay, now what?
J watched Sister Sludge pace the catwalk. She reached into her lab coat and pulled out a remote control device. “Tell me,” she called down, “what’s green and makes holes?”
“A drill pickle?”
She messed with the control. “Actually I was thinking of an eight-foot-tall robot with a laser.”
When H Ellen Pea gave J his Power Company tour in the “Who Razed You?” adventure, he’d seen two specially engineered guardian devices. One was the cybernetic body armor worn by the person who’d chased Josie into the coliseum. The other was a huge metallic-green robot. That’s what was coming around the corner now, heading straight for him.
“I programmed it to react to your swamp odor,” Sister Sludge explained. “Sort of like a smoke detector. In fact, I guess you could say he’s a—”
He could see it coming. 
“Please,” he pleaded, “don’t say it!”
But she couldn’t resist. 
“—scentry.”
Even the guards cringed. “Look, Sister,” complained Elmer, “if you want to kill the runt, then kill him; but please spare us the putrid puns!”
As the robot bore down on him, J made for the shed opposite the one Jo was locked in. Reddish-blue beams shot from the robot’s eyes and the roof erupted in a shower of debris. Its aim wasn’t exactly accurate, but with a weapon like that it didn’t need to be. Hence J took great care as he peeked around the corner.
“Come out,” yelled Sludge, “and you won’t get hurt. I need hostages for my getaway.”
“Yeah, kid,” Sam seconded. “Give it up. You’re in over your head.”
Hmm, a light bulb went off in J’s brain, over m’ head; and he dashed into the woods. The robot got as far as the forest’s edge when J came rushing back out. “Don’t go in there,” he told it. “It’s dark.”
“The hell with hostages,” Sam steamed. “Kill him!”
The robot fired again, J diving aside as the lethal laser obliterated the remains of the shed. “Okay,” J rolled to his feet, “if ya wanna fight at least make it fair!” The robot paused. “C’mon,” J taunted, putting up his dukes. The robot cocked its head to one side and then raised its fists also. J stuck out his chin. “Take yer best shot.”
The mechanical monster shrugged and took a swing. J grabbed a two-by-four from the wreckage and whacked the robot side of the head. There was an explosion of sparks and stars, after which the robot began blasting everything. J, woo-hooing and doing Daffy Duck leg splits, led the robot in a circle. Sam and Elmer fled as the angered automation fired randomly in all directions. On the catwalk over the sewage tank, Sister Sludge fussed with the remote control to get it to stop. She was still fiddling when the robot’s laser blew away the platform and sent her plunging into the depths.
“Uh-oh,” J regarded the robot disapprovingly, “that wuzn’t part of th’ plan,” and once more took off into the woods, the rabid robot following its odiferous objective.
They came to the swamp, the robot lumbering in a stiff Frankenstein monster gait. J hid behind a tree and, as the robot neared, stuck out his foot. The robot tripped forward. A mighty splash followed, with crackling, popping sounds as swamp water flooded its grillwork and shorted its circuits.
J paused at the water’s edge. 
“Over my head, eh?” 

J went back to the compound. Sam and Elmer were not around. Truck headlights shone coming up the road. J was glad. He’d need help fishing Sister Sludge out of the sewage tank. He felt an itchy sensation and caught a noise in his good ear. It was Josie, still in the other shed, still at it.
“So he says: Gold suppository? Don’t you mean gold repository? And I said: That depends on where you store it.”
Fearing she’d gone crazy in her confinement, he kicked the door open. There she sat, sprightly and spirited, in conversation with the aloe. “And the next time you do sit-ups, try putting the chair under your feet instead of your head.” J had an overwhelming urge to close the door and sneak away, only Josie looked up. “J!” She sprang to her feet and stood tiptoe to kiss his cheek. 
Earlier that evening she’d clung to him out of fear. Now it was with relief she buried her face in his chest, her tiny body pressed so tight he could feel the ankh pendant beneath her outfit. Unlike Princess Fely, little Josie’s hair didn’t smell like bluebonnets. It was more a combination of creek water, vegetation, and midnight. Yet for some reason the itching went away and he found his mind transported across time and space to a faraway land where moonbeams did indeed skip softly.
Whatever might have happened next was interrupted as headlights rounded the gravel drive and shone full on them. Swiftly they pulled away from each other, J’s deeply tanned face blushing red while Jo, incapable of coloring, remained a whiter shade of pale.
“Right,” J managed awkwardly, nodding toward the Power Company truck. 
“Right,” Josie echoed, regaining her composure. Licensed State Hero or not, the Power Company owed the gaunt-face grappler a debt of gratitude; to which Josie added: “Many times I marvel at the maturity of the methods by which you marshal the means to mangle the masterful machinations of a multitude of malodorous malefactors.”
He shook his head— 
“Notice how I said that with emphasis?” 
—wishing he had shut the door when he had the chance.

Part Three:
“Behold, another beast, a second, like a bear...”
Daniel 7:5
8. Homburg
“Well, well,” H Ellen Pea well-welled. “If it isn’t my second-favorite half-pint.” 
“Who’s yer first?” J asked.
“Anyone else.” The Power Company’s ace trouble-shooter retreated a few paces. “Eww; you stink.”
She had her men spray him with industrial chemicals to rid him of the stench, after which they gave him shorts, t-shirt, and socks. The gaunt-faced grappler was exceedingly grateful, his innate Texas dignity finally rescued from the depths of humiliation.
Dredging operations turned up no sign of Sister Sludge, leading them to conclude the harsh chemicals had dissolved her body. J bowed his head prayerfully. After all, it wasn’t like she’d been evil—just an everyday scientist with a cost-of-living complex. 
“Whut about Sam ‘n Elmer?” he asked.
H Ellen shook her head. “They ran into an appetite of mosquitoes. Not a pretty sight, to be honest.”
J recalled the insect escort they left hovering at the water’s edge and, without thinking, rubbed the sore on his neck.
“Do you need anything for that?” H Ellen asked.
He shook his head.
“By the way, your convict girlfriend is all right. A tad rattled, but ...” H Ellen paused. “You realize we have to send her back.”
Convict girlfriend? Send her back?
“Oh-no,” J started, “she’s notta crim—” 
He glanced at Josie, sitting in her orange coveralls with her hands and feet shackled. She caught his eye and waved. 
“I mean...she did sorta help so...maybe ya kin go easy on her?”
H Ellen Pea nodded absently, “I’ll speak to the governor,” continuing to stare in Josie’s direction. “She’s not what I’d figure you for; terribly pale and way too skinny.”
“Ellen?”
“But I suppose confinement will do that.”
“Ellen, she’s not my—”
“Still I’m glad you found someone down-to-earth and normal.”

He wandered into the control room, annoyed at having missed his shot at the tournament. A technician said, “No you haven’t,” and pointed to the console. “It’s still going on.” 
J leaped to the dias and stared at the TV monitor. It was true! Nate Cherboi and Ricky Rowboat had just completed a fifty-five minute classic, and so the bouts were still going. It also meant they’d exceeded their time slot and KBFD would be charging Gordon dearly for the overrun.
“At this rate,” the technician speculated, “it’ll go on all night.”
Not likely, the bony bantam told himself. They were airing Lex Icon vs TM George, the next-to-last match on the card. His was next. 
“Only I’m stuck here.”
H Ellen laid a hand on his shoulder. “It’s that important, is it?”
“Well,” he admitted, “it is my first main event.”
She faced the technician. His name tag said Sylvester. “Is our cybernetic suit still at the coliseum?”
“Yes, ma’am,” Sylvester nodded. “There wasn’t time to sneak it out so I stashed it in a locker.”
“Good,” said H Ellen. “Can we lock onto its signal to beam him back?”
Sylvester allowed the possibility but hedged on the accuracy. “He could materialize anywhere in the building.” J didn’t care, so long as it was inside the building, and dashed to the t-grid. 
Josie shuffled over, her leg irons scraping the floor. “Don’t forget this.” She handed him the aloe.
They stared awkwardly at each other. J said, “It wuz nice meetin’ ya fer a short time,” and felt himself itching again.
She said, “I enjoyed seeing you too,” then pinkened ever-so-slightly. “I mean...” It was the first time in ages she’d shown any sign of color, and the effort to summon so many blood cells must have been enormous. “Maybe we’ll see each other again sometime?”
He sincerely hoped not. Not that he was a bad guy—heck, he wouldn’t even swat a mosquito—but he had enough complications in his life without her adding to them. Still he was polite enough to say, “Uh, sure; that’d be nice.” And even though she smiled back at him, her eyes had a misty look. Must be th’ fumes from th’ treatment plant, he figured.
“Well...Bye J.”
“Bye Jo.”

H Ellen came back, “We’re ready,” and watched the retreating figure of Josie. “You like them melanocomous, don’t you?”
“Actually th’ last two have been flat-chested.”
She smiled, “It means dark-haired,” then eyed the aloe. “Our scientists make a good fertilizer.”
A mischievous light came to his eyes. “Send it care of Gordon Paul,” he told her.
She turned to go.
“Uh, Ellen?”
“Yes?”
He felt stupid holding the aloe and suspected Jo planned it that way.
“Thanks,” he said; then ventured another question. “Yer not a sports fan, are ya?”
She shook her head. 
“Sports are barbarously stupid, and the acclaim we give athletes is misplaced; an over-hyped freak show of people who would otherwise be considered abnormal or just plain fat. Fitness is fine, but to turn it into a spectacle is silly, especially when simple acts of charity can do more to change the world than all the competitions ever staged.”
J lowered his eyes, grateful Ellen couldn’t see his feet. If she thought they were freaks—
“I’m one-forty,” he tried lying. “I just look light cos I’m dense.”
Ellen smiled knowingly.
“I mean packed,” he corrected.
She smiled again, “You wouldn’t be one-forty if I fed you for a fortnight;” then reached out and rubbed him on the forehead. “But if that’s what you want, then go for it.” She turned to signal the technician. “And good luck with your new girlfriend.”
He started to say, “She’s not my—” but the transporter went Zzzzzt! and he was gone.
9. Repent Walpurgis
Back at the coliseum, Raas called the action as Lex Icon faced off against TM George. “Yes sir,” he slumped drowsily over the announce table, “not since 1938 when Bronko Nagurski unmasked the Purple Shadow—”
“Will you knock it off with the statistics already?” Gordon checked his Gorilla Monsoon wristwatch to see if it was still ticking. 
“You were the one who said we’d stay here all night,” Raas snapped back. “By the way, there’s a new theory about J-man. Want to hear it?”
“No, I don’t. Truth is I still think he’s some plant on your part.”
“What’s that?” A wild-eyed Page Bonham popped up. “You got Plant here?”
“Oh, go away!”
Raas continued: “He debuted on July 26.”
“So?”
“So if you take the first letters of July, August, September, October, November—”
Gordon rolled his eyes, “I give up,” and turned to the camera, apologizing as the show entered its fifth hour. “As I was saying, I don’t often make mistakes but—”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Raas went off on another tangent. “Remember the time you hosted that refried bean eating contest? That sure raised a stink.”
“Okay, Raas. Enough now.”
“And don’t forget those self-service massage parlors or that string of day-old salad bars.”
“You know, Raas, there is a match in the ring. Shouldn’t you be calling it?”
“Why? It’s not like anything’s happening.” Which was true, Lex Icon having held a side headlock for twenty minutes. “And look at the bright side: as long as we’re on the air your wife can’t accuse you of fooling around.”
“Raas!”
Suddenly there was a faintly audible Zzzzzt! sound.
“Look Gordon,” Raas perked up. “It’s over.”
“Huh?” Gordon half-rose from his chair. “What happened?”
“A fiery-eyed cat darted across the ring and ran into the crowd.”
“A cat? How would a cat get in here?”
“Maybe you left a window open. Anyway, it distracted Icon enough that George got the pin.”
Gordon let out a long breath. “A cat from out of nowhere? Nah, it couldn’t be.”

It was past midnight when Gordon climbed into the ring and, after snagging his trousers on a potted aloe in the middle of the canvas, introduced the main event. “Well folks,” he yawned, “it’s been a long night and we’re all ready to go home. And with this in mind, I promise you the next match won’t last long.” A smattering of applause and laughter. “For our main event of the evening, the winner to face Ozzie Vegas two weeks from tonight...” More laughter. “Already in the ring, of insignificant weight and No Fixed Address...”
Gee, thought Raas, that’s not the introduction I wrote.
There was more, but Gordon simply shook his head and pointed.
The gaunt-faced grappler stepped forward, his eyes back to normal, and acknowledged the crowd with a new gesture: a closed left fist with the little finger extended. If you traced a line from the tip of the pinky, around the palm, and through the curve of the thumb, it formed a ‘j’ shape. 
The fans thought he was flipping them off and responded accordingly.
Gordon snorted and, as the boos faded, completed his intros. “His opponent, coming down the aisle... At a weight of 316 pounds... This is A-bear!”
Talk about a stunner! It was A-bear all right, former Doc Quack henchman from “If It Quacks Like a Doc” and “Serious Matters,” now doing time at the state prison in Huntsville. At least he had been until now. “Good grief,” Raas raged as Gordon reseated at the announce table. “That clown’s no wrestler; he’s a convicted felon. So that’s what those phone calls were about.”
“It’s my promotion and I can do what I want. Now do your job and call the match.”

TBA the contract had said. The Bear—Again. J stared across the ring at the ursiform underling responsible for the jagged scar on his forearm. Unaware of its history as a lab-created life-form, the crowd hooted derisively, regarding the hairy homunculus as some oversized nut in a bear costume. No one was rooting for the runty rudo to come out on top. 
Seeing the plant center ring, J moved it to his corner, dropped to one knee and got in a quick prayer as referee Mark Shooter called for the bell.
One thing about Jon Raas: he always managed to snap back to his old self. “And here we are,” he addressed the viewers, his voice taking on a strange intonation. “The crossroads, a showdown if you will, pitting the powerful pounding patella of the preeminent punk pugilist against the brutal brawn of the Beast Born of Blasphemy.”
“What are you doing?” asked Gordon.
“Howard Cosell.”
“It sounded more like Spiro Agnew.”
“Really? Which one had the hairpiece?”
This was a different A-bear from the one J faced before. Now it was all business, knowing freedom depended on his advancing in the tournament. To stress this newfound seriousness, A-bear made a movement of a thumb across his throat, then extended said thumb and turned it downward.
Raas was not impressed. “Had a special clause in his contract, you know.”
“Who did?” Gordon asked.
“They had to provide him with a fresh toupee every day.”
“Fine,” Gordon tried to ignore him. “Now call the match.”
“Carpet diem.”
Gordon sighed. “I should’ve hired the moose.”

J-man still wore his Power Company shorts, having no time to change into his singlet. “Looks like the kid’s adopted new ring attire,” observed Raas, noting the trim, feral musculature.
“He’s an insult to the sport,” Gordon ranted; “I hope A-bear makes quick work of him.”
A-bear started with a few clumsy lunges. J-man avoided them easily, tried a dropkick and bounced off. Next J did a duck under into a crucifix, which A-bear converted to a Samoan drop. A kick to the shin, followed by a kneelift, sent both to the canvas; and A-bear’s kickout from a cover attempt sent J sailing across the ring.
“Hah!” Gordon gloated. “That was his finishing move—And it didn’t work.”
But the feisty fighter hadn’t exhausted his bag of tricks just yet. Spring-boarding off the ropes with another dropkick, followed by a leg drop, got a couple of fans to pop for him. J tried a poke to the eyes but the Bunsen Burner Bruin avoided it with a chop block. 
“Oh great,” Gordon fumed. “Now they’re doing Three Stooges routines.” 
For some dumb reason, J decided to try a body slam, stomping on A-bear’s toe and making him hop on one foot so he could get under him. 
“I can’t believe it!” Raas screamed. “He lifted him off the ground!” 
Unfortunately the runty rudo’s knee gave way and he collapsed beneath the Misbegotten Miracle’s massive bulk. “Now that was a stupid move,” said Gordon; although it drew a few more fans to J’s corner.
Things deteriorated quickly from there. The Test Tube Terror took over with stomps and elbows, the icy glint of his red eyes indicating his intent to dish out as much punishment as possible. He slapped the battered bantam about the head and then hoisted him by the throat for a thunderous slam. 
Fans called for the referee to end the fight.
“I’m stopping this,” Gordon took off his headset. “It’s already gone longer than it should,” and readied his arm to toss the towel into the ring. 
“No you don’t!” Raas grabbed one end of the towel. “I’m seeing he gets his chance no matter what!”
And so television viewers had the pleasure of watching two announcers engage in a tug-of-war while, inside the ring, the Manufactured Monster climbed the top rope for a splash. The gaunt-faced grappler rolled out of the way.
“Hey-hey-hey,” Raas butlered, still calling the action despite being dragged toward the ring. “He’s smarter than the average picnic basket!” 
Gordon groaned—bad enough his Artificial Assassin was going down the laboratory sink without having to listen to this—and renewed his effort to wrest the towel from Raas’ grasp.
Somehow J got to his knees and clamped on a scruff-hold submission, sinking his fingers into the loose skin of A-bear’s neck like a mama cat lifting a kitten. 
“Gee,” Raas marveled, “I don’t know whether to call that a j-claw, a j-grip, or a j-hold.”
Gordon reached the top ring step, still tugging the towel, determined to halt the match before J-man eked out a victory. Only before the Embryonic Enforcer could tap out, Page Bonham ran down the aisle. Yelling, “Plant! Plant!” he bumped into Raas and caused him to let go his end of the towel. Raas fell to the floor while Gordon tumbled into the ring.
A-bear, meanwhile, got unsteadily to his feet and snatched J-man up for a body slam. The wiry runt flailed his legs, causing the off-balance bruin to topple backward over a recumbent Gordon Paul. J landed on top and referee Mark Shooter counted three before A-bear kicked out.
And that was it.
The last thing viewers saw was Gordon Paul duck for cover as A-bear beat the crap out of Page Bonham while police constables waited to haul him away. “Stay tuned,” the station announcer voiced, “for KBFD Action Breaking News, where, when news occurs, we get around to it eventually. Our top story tonight: Boerne man claims animated cartoon character steps out of satellite dish—”
Hmmf, thought Raas, and they say wrestling is silly.
10. Salad Days (Are Here Again)
And so it was that later, as Gordon Paul stared at the jigsaw puzzles lining the wall of his sanctuary, a cat landed on the windowsill, eyeing him curiously. The curve of its tail formed a question mark. Or was it an upside down letter ‘j’? He shooed it away and, just to reassure himself, hummed the theme to Mister Ed. Someone joined in and he looked up.
The gaunt-faced grappler leaned against the doorframe, a brief burst of light fading from his eyes. “Thanks fer givin’ me th’ match tonight,” he managed through his bruises. “Not that I needed yer help to win, but—”
“Help?” Gordon sputtered. “You think I’d— Of all the—cough—stupid oblivious—cough—” He yanked a drawer, fumbled with the bottles inside.
“Whut izzit?” J came to his side. “Need yer medicine?” He grabbed one at random and poured a generous spoonful. “There ya go, down th’ hatch.”
“Yuck!” Grordon pried the spoon from his mouth and hock-tooied into the garbage can. “That’s got to be the worst tasting—”
“Hmm,” J held the bottle close, squinted at the label. “I think ya got th’ wrong bottle.”
“I got the wrong bottle?” said Gordon.
“This one’s fer athlete’s foot.”
Gordon pointed to the door. “Get out,” he said quietly.
“Look at th’ bright side: next time ya stick yer foot in yer mouth, at least yer tonsils will be safe.”
“I said get out!” He reached for something to throw. By the time he looked up, his near-sighted nemesis was gone. 
Gordon Paul rubbed his eyes wearily. It was very late and he was very tired, but the night was cool and the cats outside were mewing softly. So he brushed aside the items on his desk and reached into a bottom drawer for a new jigsaw puzzle.
After all, he had all night.
And tomorrow would be another day. 
___________________
1 For an in-depth account of this incredible adventure, see Izak Blitzen's Seven Gothic Texans Conquer the Universe.
2 In lucha libre wrestling, "rudo" denotes a fighter who employs aggressively rude or unsportsmanlike tactics to achieve a victory.
3 Following the Erik Von Fritz lecture series, the Houston Critical dispatched its roving reporter with a reproduction of the indecipherable "If It Quacks Like a Doc" doo-dad the gaunt-faced grappler squiggled on Raas' notepad, asking what people made of it. Most said it was a poorly scratched letter j, like that of someone learning to write, while others claimed it was an alien saucer. And one dude with a cane and sunglasses said he saw nothing at all.
4 Thus the word aloha.

J O’WOLF’S 115TH DREAM
“And here is another frustration...”
Ecclesiastes 8: 10
1. Tangled Up In Blue
Professor Isaac Hugo waxed metaphysical before a crowded University of Fredericksburg lecture hall. “Some moments pass with the ticking of the clock. Others lie buried in the dust of accumulated events. And some remain in the heart forever, called back to life by something so simple as an open field, a clear sky, or a full moon. Perhaps the beauty of life is no single reality imposes itself on us, but that we can pick and choose.” He opened his eyes and saw the lecture hall was empty. “That’s odd,” he mused, “I didn’t hear the bell ring,” and returned to his office.
“Professor Hugo?”
“Yes?”
“Yer note said ya wanna try this ancestral mem’ry stuff again.”
“You’re not hungry this time, are you?”
“I had a burger at th’ Dairy Queen.”
“Fine. Relax and let yourself drift back...”
2. Younger Than Yesterday
“Howdy stranger,” the grizzled old prospector started, thinking he’d spotted a cougar. “You must be that mystery tramp people been talking about.”
The desert moon rained down on miles and miles of emptiness.
“Ain’t from around these parts, are you?” 
The stranger’s silence implied the prospector might do better talking to a can of alphabet soup, until he said: “Paw spent all his time in th’ desert. Maw would stand like a cactus to git him to notice her.”
“Then again,” the prospector decided, “there’s a lot to be said for keeping your mouth shut,” and suggested the stranger try Mama Rose’s cantina.
“How do I git there?”
“Got a horse?”
“No.”
“Then you’ll have to walk.”
3. Ballad Of A Thin Man
Trail Boss Gordon stomped into Mama Rose’s cantina. “Where’s Rose?” They told him she was round in the back. “I know what she looks like,” he replied, “I want to know where she is,” and ordered a chicken smothered in gravy.
Mama Rose came out of the kitchen. “No way,” she wiped her hands on her apron. “If you want an animal killed that way you’ll have to do it yourself.”
“Never mind,” Gordon gave in. “What else you got?”
The roly-poly woman burst into tears. “I baked a cake,” she sobbed, “but the dog ate it.”
Gordon shrugged, figuring she could always get another dog. “Just bring me coffee without cream.”
“We’re all out of cream,” Rose apologized. “Can you take it without milk instead?”
“Excuse me,” said a voice from the corner table.
Boss Gordon turned. “You must be the mystery runt they talk about.”
“It’s tramp, not runt. I’m lookin’ fer a woman.”
Boss Gordon leaned close. “Go to the saloon. Tell them—” He looked up. “Rose, put down that pan.”
“Not that kinda woman,” the runt corrected. “This’un’s special.”
“Saloon girls,” Rose snorted, “nothing but trouble. I’ll set you up with my niece, a real old-fashioned girl. Takes the pipe out of her mouth before pulling the nightgown over her head.”
“Too bad she doesn’t leave it that way,” Gordon snorted back. “Now stop talking about your half-breed kinfolk and fetch the kid some food. Fellow looks like he hasn’t eaten in weeks.”
Rose fetched a plate from the kitchen and set it before him. “My specialties are apple pie and spaghetti,” she beamed proudly.
The stranger poked gingerly with his fork. “So, which is this?”

He sat at the table, chin in hand, practicing for the checker tournament later that evening. Finally he got up. “Whut time izzit?”
Boss Gordon pulled out his pocket watch. “Fifteen to.”
“Fifteen to whut?”
“I don’t know. Things got so bad I had to lay off one of the hands.”
“Think I’ll ask round th’ saloon.”
“Don’t go now,” said Rose. “Look how it’s raining. Stay for supper.”
The stranger stuck his head out the door. Rain came down in cascading sheets of fury, thunder boomed like cannons, and the wind howled like a tortured soul. He stuck his head back inside and sniffed the odor coming from the kitchen. “It ain’t rainin’ that hard,” he decided.
4. The Wicked Messenger
A scantily clad dancehall girl greeted him. “You must be the mystery tramp they’re talking about.” 
The stranger gave her the once-over. “How cum people say I’m a tramp?”
“Probably because you’re not wearing boots.”
“I’m lookin’ fer th’ Jersey Filly. She didn’t arrive last night.”
“Search me,” she smiled; then recommended he speak with Josie Blon. 
He opened the door of Josie Blon’s room and found her passionately kissing the stable boy, a bounty hunter, and two trail hands. “Oh dear,” she cooed, smoothing her outfit. “You must think I’m an awful flirt.”
“I hear ya didn’t go on last night.”
“That’s true,” Josie Blon admitted. “I’ve got laryngitis.”
“So how cum ya ain’t whisperin’?”
“Well, it’s not like it’s a secret.”
He went back downstairs. “Has that Josie Blon ever been bedridden?”
“Yes,” the scantily clad dancehall girl nodded, “and I hear twice on a buckboard.” She added: “You should try the Indian reservation; ask for Talking Turkey.” 
5. Wheel’s On Fire
The red-headed brave sat in his teepee, eyeing the gaunt-faced wrangler with clear discomfort. “Why?” he asked.
“Why whut?” the stranger countered.
“Why everyone use my tent for restroom?” Talking Turkey grumbled disgustedly, getting up and moving to a dryer spot. Now comfortably situated, Talking Turkey looked his guest over. “You must be—”
“Don’t call me a tramp!”
“Yes, Kemo-slobby. Why white man no wear boots?”
“Th’ heels went wanderin’. Got any moccasins I kin borrow?”
“Me make-um shoe from banana skin.”
“Whut kinda shoe d’ya make outta banana skins?”
“Slippers.”
The stranger gave him a dirty look. Talking Turkey shrugged. “Take-um lot to laugh.”
“I need help findin’ th’ Jersey Filly.”
“Hnn. That Tonto talk. Mean me help. First though perform sacred Indian ritual.” Talking Turkey let out a high-pitched wail that died in a fit of sputtering and chest pounding. “Sorry,” he apologized. “Get-um whooping cough. Now, pick number. Multiply by two. Add seven. Divide by nine and double it. Then close eyes. You got-um closed?”
“Un-huh.”
“Dark, isn’t it?”
Racing back to town, they pulled up at the saloon. “Me not allowed inside,” Talking Turkey stayed put. “Jog in place, else cramp up.”
The stranger sauntered up to the bar and ordered an ice tea. The bartender looked out the window. “Hey, mister, you left your Injun running.”
6. Absolutely Sweet Marie
He found the Jersey Filly bound to a chair and was untying her.
“You must be—”
“Yeah, yeah. I’m th’ mystery tramp everyone’s talkin’ bout.”
“You don’t have to be grouchy about it.”
“Sorry.” She was a slender dark-eyed beauty. “We don’t git many Filipinas out here.”
“How you find me?”
“Followed a man outta Josie Blon’s room. Surprised him in th’ tool shed.”
“He awestruck?”
“No; used a hammer.”
He finished with the knots and helped her to her feet. The moon was coming up as a chill desert breeze drifted in. “Ooh, close window,” she shuddered.
“Who done this to ya?”
“Man with one eye named Smith; not know what other eye called. From World Rustling Federation. He cross river, grab me, cross river again. Not bathe either.”
“Th’ dirty double-crosser!”

The night was lonely as they made their way back to town. “Like me to sing ya a song?”
She shook her head. “Night not that lonely.” They topped a hill overlooking the spread below and spied the rustlers camped nearby. “Must warn rancher,” the Jersey Filly cried.
“How?” he asked.
“You call?” Talking Turkey popped up from out of nowhere.
“Oh, go away. Now, where wuz I?”
“Warn rancher.” 
“Right,” he nodded, and set about building a campfire. “Tear off a piece a’ yer petticoat. We’ll write a message ‘n toss it into th’ farmhouse.”
“Okay,” she complied, lifting her skirt, “but don’t look.”
“I won’t,” he lied.
The Jersey Filly tore generous portion of petticoat, using a charred stick from the fire to write a message on it. The gaunt-faced wrangler tied it to a rock and snuck off. She stayed behind admiring the serenity of the desert night, the large full moon casting pale shadows over everything. An hour later the stranger returned.
“Um, ya need to gimme another message.”
“What happen to one I give you?”
“I threw it t’ward th’ house; only it missed ‘n went down th’ well.”
She didn’t say anything, just spent a few moments stargazing, then pulled back her skirt and tore off another piece of petticoat.
“Are you ogling me?”
“Gosh no, ma’am.”
She wrote another message and he again crept off. After a while he came back, hands spread apologetically. “Uh...”
“Not again!”
“Some bad guy got in th’ way ‘n it conked him on th’ head.”
She muttered to herself, sighed, and ripped off yet another piece of petticoat.
“Ain’t ya gonna tell me not to look?”
“I no care anymore.” He was tempted to ask if she was a cattleman’s daughter because of her nice calves, only something in her attitude made him think better of it. “Here,” she handed it to him. “And hurry. It’s getting drafty.”
When he returned...
“How could you miss again?” She buried her face and cried.
“I didn’t miss. I sent that rock sailin’ right through th’ window—”
She looked up.
“—an’ into th’ fireplace.”
“I no get it,” she managed between sobs. “What so hard about throwing stupid rock?”
“Look, lady, if I could throw I’d be playin’ baseball.”
7. Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door
Mama Rose woke to a pounding at her door: a beautiful Asian girl, her petticoat torn and disheveled. “Come quick,” she cried. “It mystery tramp everybody talk about. He save rancher family.” She led them to the farmstead. From somewhere beneath a pile of bodies came a soft groan. 
“Pony Express,” it mumbled feebly. “Messages fer everybody.”
“Hurry!” said the Jersey Filly. “Must get him to doctor.”
“Oh, dear,” said Rose, “just look at the poor thing. He’s in an incoherent state, a babbling delirium, a—”
The gaunt-faced wrangler opened one eye. “A gabby haze?” he suggested.
8. You Ain’t Going Nowhere
They took him back to Mama Rose’s. Healing came slow, but with his Jersey Filly by his side it didn’t matter. “Ooh, look,” she pointed out the window. “Talking Turkey send get-well smoke signal.”
“Yeah, only his spellin’ is awful.”
He passed the time playing guitar and singing. Mama Rose’s new dog howled along. “Good grief,” Boss Gordon complained. “Can’t you play something the dog doesn’t know?”
“Sorry. I wuz just killin’ time.”
“You certainly have the weapon for it. Where’s Rose?”
“I dunno. She’s off somewhere.”
“I know that, but where is she?”
“Here I am,” she bounced into the room. “Is anyone hungry? I’ll put on a kettle.”
“That’s okay,” Boss Gordon declined; “probably wouldn’t fit you anyway.”
Rose turned to the stranger. “And how are you today?” she asked.
“I’m thinkin’ a’ settlin’ down, maybe write stories.”
“You should do this one. You could call it High Moon.”
“Or I could go into th’ music business. We kin base th’ entire town round it.”
“I don’t know,” Gordon objected. “Your playing sets my teeth on edge.”
“Well,” Rose smiled, “the Good Book says there’ll be weeping and gnashing of teeth.”
“Exactly,” said the stranger. “We’ll call it Gnashville.”
9. Don’t Think Twice
He awoke to find the room empty, the professor gone, and the floor littered with crumpled paper. “That’s odd,” he mused. “I didn’t hear th’ bell ring.”

E’CAME, ESAU, E’CONQUERED
“Between you and us there is fixed a great abyss...”
Luke 16:26
Mrs Raas said she would buy the flowers herself. Which was perfectly fine with Mr Raas as he had no desire to watch the missus dally away the time in those endless reveries such excursions seemed to call forth. Instead he turned his mind to more practical pursuits and decided to round up J-man and Melagris for an old-fashioned boy’s night out—and what better way to spend an evening than to attend a séance, even though it was against his Christian principles, but then he reasoned the runty rudo could use a break after last night’s second-round championship tournament match; and besides the turkey god would be there to make sure everything was on the level. As for the match itself, J had taken his opponent much too lightly and wound up on the receiving end of a bunch of piledrivers until a tiny bug-eyed girl showed up ringside and threw a cold drink in his face, enabling him to turn the next attempt into an inside cradle. 
“So what if your brains are scattered,” Raas told him later, “so long as you got heart.”
“Whutever,” said J, holding his head while an intense itching sensation filled him with enormous curiosity. 
It was Josie, fresh from her pardon.
For there she’d been.

The sky threatened rain as the woman ushered them into her house. She introduced herself as Ms Heeler (“Please, call me Faith.”); then presented her delicate-looking son, Porphyro, and her daughter, Phonecia. The daughter was, in the words of the poet, a dusky jewel, and sized them up with predatory zeal. Ms Heeler had Raas and Mel join the others in the parlor. Phonecia took one look at J (“He’s so cute!”), grabbed him by the hand (“I’ll give him a tour of the house.”), and whisked him away.
“She really enjoys meeting people,” the mother explained and asked if Raas had been to a séance before.
“No,” he told her, “but I saw a psychic once. She said I’m very trusting and have trouble holding onto money.”
“I’m sure.” Ms Heeler then greeted the others. “What about you, Mrs X?”
“I wish to contact my grandfather.”
“On your mother’s side or your father’s side?”
“Oh, he got along with both.”
Ms Heeler nodded. “Can I offer anyone a drink?”
“Mercy no!” cried Mrs X. “That was the cause of his death.”
“Drank too much?” asked Raas.
“A case fell on his head.”

Elsewhere, the gaunt-faced grappler was fending off the advances of Phonecia. “Don’t worry, little boy,” she pinned him against the boards. “I won’t bite—much.”
“I’m notta lil’ boy.”
Phonecia smiled, “You won’t be when I’m done,” and launched herself at his face. J ducked and she left a huge smear of lipstick on the wall. He slipped into a closet and huddled in the deepest corner, knowing she’d never look for him there.
“Peek-a-boo.”
“Yaaagh!”

“What was that?” Raas jumped. “Sounded like a door tearing off its hinges.”
“Oh, you know how young people like to play. Have some diet candy? The nuns sell it.”
“Which religious order sells diet candy?”
“The Carmel-lites.” Ms Heeler addressed Mel. “And what of you?”
The turkey god had been silent all this time. He hung his head and spoke slowly. “It was long ago, and she was one of the only girls I ever loved. I just can’t recall which one.”
“Don’t talk to me about love,” scoffed Mrs Y. “I had someone once, thought he was the man of my dreams. Then he drove off, leaving me with only bitter memories.”
“The cad!” said Raas.
“No, I believe it was an Edsel.”

Phonecia cornered J in the kitchen. “Hungry?” she purred, touching a hand to his stomach.
“A-actually I wuz l-lookin’ fer an aspirin. My h-head hurts.”
She moved her hand lower. “I can make it feel better.”
“G-gosh,” he swallowed nervously. “Y-ya do...that?”
“Un-huh,” she nodded, smoky-eyed and sultry. “Whatever you want.”
“Well...”
“Yes?” she panted huskily.
“Maybe wash yer hands ‘n fix me a sandwich?”

Raas was still talking with the ladies. “Did your husband believe in the hereafter?” he asked.
“I’ll say,” said Mrs Z. “The suit we buried him in had two pairs of pants. Died in a fire, you know.”
“How terrible! Burned alive?”
“No, the fire hose drowned him.”
Raas saw the delicate-looking Porphyro in a corner. “My you’re a quiet one.”
Porphyro smiled vacantly and fluttered his hands. “I won a pwize for saving fifty thousand box tops. They sent me a bi-i-ig box to put them in.”
Raas looked at Mel and shrugged. At least J was having a good time.

Phonecia tackled him in the hallway. “I just love when they play hard to get!” He squirmed free of his sneakers, raced down the hall in his stocking feet and skidded into the main room.
“Oh,” Ms Heeler looked up. “Now that we’re all here what say we begin?”
J planted himself in the chair between Mel and Raas. The lights were dimmed, they joined hands around the table, and the medium invoked the spirits. “By the beards of Dusty and Billy...” Soon after came fumbling beneath the table and fingers at someone’s zipper.
“Uhhh...”
“Quiet,” Ms Heeler cautioned. “Do not break the circle.”
“Umm...Unnngh...Oooooh...”
“Tell him to hush,” said one of the ladies.
“Wait!” said another “Look how he’s almost writhing in ecstasy.”
“Aaaaa-waaa-aaaah!”
“He’s possessed!” said a third. “Something’s taken hold of him. Quick, ask a question.”
“Spirit, can you hear us?”
There came three knocks, not unlike someone hitting their head on the underside of the table.
“Spirit, please, knock once for yes and twice for no.”
Knock-knock-knock-knock-knock!
“Unnnn-gaaaah-oooo-eeee-nah-wah!”
“Oh my, it must be a foreign tongue.”
On it went, them asking questions, him babbling incoherently, and the continued knocking from under the table. Finally his excitement could no longer be contained. His body tensed, his head rolled back, and he vented his relief.
“Goodness! What is this?”
“It’s ectoplasm! Falling from the sky! Quick, get a sample!”
“Yuck! I’m not touching that!”

Phonecia saw them to the door, smiling warmly as she handed J his sneakers. He acknowledged her smile in a puzzled fashion. Well, he sure is nonchalant about it. She said bye to the ladies, then Raas. Mel was last. He clasped her hand tenderly, his smile saying everything. Oh-my-god. She covered her mouth. Oh-my-god!
Later, at a nearby diner, they discussed the evening over tea and beer. “Gee, Mel,” said Raas, “are you sure you haven’t a clue what came over you?”
Mel paused mid-drink. “No,” he lied.
J studied his tea but said nothing. His head hurt something awful. 
Mel addressed Raas. “Was I that bad?” He tried to act innocent as he raised the beer to his lips—
“Something sure had you in its grip.”
—took a deep swallow—
“Yeah,” said J. “It wuz th’ climax of th’ evenin’.”
—and sent it squirting across the room in a spray of choking mist.
“Sorry,” he apologized to the table next to him.
Raas, meanwhile, stared pensively into his beer. “I don’t want to go off half-cocked, but I can’t help but feel we were being jerked around back there.”
Cough! Cough!
“It’s just when suspicion rears its ugly head—”
Cough! Cough!
“—it sort of leaves a bad taste in your mouth.”
Cough! Cough! Cough! Cough! Cough!
“Mel! Control yourself!”
The people at the next table got up and left. 
Raas looked at J. “You seem to have gotten along with the daughter.”
J shrugged. “She wuz okay.”
“No fooling?”
“Maybe justa little. Ya really think someone wuz yankin’ our chain?”
“Yes, I do,” Raas answered. “I wonder if she could have been a regurgitating medium.”
“What’s that?” asked Mel.
“I saw a Pauly Shore movie once,” J offered.
“No,” Raas shook his head. “Nothing that bad. A regurgitating medium is one who swallows stuff before a session and spits it up so it seems to appear out of nowhere.” But then he shook his head again. “It was probably one of her kids. Most likely one of them slipped under the table and made those knocking sounds.”
Mel smiled and took another sip.
“Which one?” asked J.
“Which one what?”
“Which one wuz under th’ table?”
Mel nearly choked again. “Why, the girl of course.”
“I dunno, Mel. Last I saw she wuz in th’ hallway.”
Raas agreed. “The boy was the smaller of the two. He’d fit under the table better.”
Mel set down his glass, having suddenly lost his taste for beer.
“Yes,” Raas nodded, “I’m sure he had a hand in it somewhere.”
Mel, turning green, muttered, “Excuse me,” and headed for the restroom. He stayed there a long time.
Raas shook his head. “Some guys just can’t handle their liquor.”
“All th’ same,” J nodded, “we shoulda seen it comin’.”

SON OF J O’WOLF
“Give strong drink to those in bitter distress...”
Proverbs 31:6-7
1. Move It On Over
Now it happened in the course of time J O’Wolf decided to give up adventuring and settle down with his wife, Princess Fely of Davao. And J O’Wolf knew his wife. And knew her, and knew her, and knew her— 
“All right already! Give it a rest!”
—until it came to pass that the Lord blessed him with a son.
“Well Doc,” said J O’Wolf, “is he a small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair ‘n blue eyes like his old man?”
“Well,” the doctor replied, “I have good news and I have bad news.” Dr Shiffer was a seasoned pro, having earned a Mexican diploma and the right to call himself an MD. Together with his partner Dr Branes he founded a clinic of such reputation that the term “Schiffer-Branes” quickly fell into common usage. Sadly, the partnership ended when Dr Branes tried to steal his patients and Dr Shiffer sued him for alienation of infections.
“So whut’s th’ good news?” J O’Wolf asked hesitantly.
“Well, Mr Wolf—”
“That’s O’Wolf.”
“The child resembles you in the face, but as for the body—well, he doesn’t have one. A body, that is. He’s just a head.”
“Are ya sure?” J O’Wolf headed for the delivery room. “Whut if ya look some more?”
The doctor intercepted him. “No, Mr Wolf—”
“That’s O’Wolf.”
“No, Mr O’Wolf, we checked everywhere and that’s all there is.”
“Hmmf! You ‘n yer Mexican diploma. So what’s th’ bad news?”
“His tonsils need to come out.”

So J O’Wolf took the boy home, raising him as a gift from the Lord. On his eighteenth birthday J O’Wolf came to him and said, “Hey there, K O’Wolf; happy birthday!”
“Thanks, Dad,” the son replied, “What’s up?”
“Oh, nuthin’. Whutcha doin’?”
K O’Wolf shrugged his shoulders. At least, he would’ve if he’d had any. “Just thinking. There’s not much else you can do in my position.”
“Ya’ll feel better once ya see th’ present I brung ya,” J O’Wolf reached for his knapsack.
“I sure hope it’s not another hat.”
“Oh.” J O’Wolf laid the knapsack back down. “Now son, don’t go feelin’ sorry fer yerself. After all, yer healthy ‘n ya don’t need glasses.”
“I’d have a hard time cleaning them if I did.”
“By golly, whut say we have us a chicken fried steak?”
“Gee, Dad, I don’t have much stomach for that sort of thing.”
“Aw, yer just like great-grandpa H O’Wolf, always thinkin’ small. It reminds me of Werhner von Braun, th’ famous catapult scientist, how his mother would stand at th’ stairs ‘n say, Werhner, mein zun; ya missed der school today, an’ little Werhner would call down, I know, Mama, but zis time it vas only by a hunnert yardz.” 
J O’Wolf’s son looked at him. “Are you doing voices again?”
“That wuz my Schwarzenegger.”
“It sounded like Elmer Fudd.”
J O’Wolf shrugged, “Close enough,” then put his son in his knapsack and set out for the inn. As usual, he would teach him along the way.
“Hey, Dad?”
“Yes, Son?”
“I’m reading a book about the Jews and I wondered: what’s a shimada?”
“Nothin’,” J O’Wolf replied. “Whut’sa shimada wit’choo?”
“Look at that dog running in circles. What’s kind is that?”
“Must be a lap dog.”
Arriving quickly at the inn—people giving them a wide berth—J O’Wolf removed his son from the knapsack and propped him on a cushion.
“Thanks, Dad. I hope you don’t mind having to carry me around.”
“Did I tell ya bout th’ time I hurt my foot? They took me to th’ hospital in a toe truck?”
“Maybe after this we could see a fortune teller.”
“Now son, ya know I don’t shop at seers. Say, this is like the place I met yer mother.”
“I thought you rescued her from a tower.”
“Oh, right; I did. But her family ferbid us to marry cos we wuz feudin’ with one another.”
“Did y’all have a balcony scene?”
“No, but they nearly caught us in th’ gazebo.”
“And then she drank poison, right?”
“Not really. They just put sumthin’ in her cocoa to make her fergit.”
“Was it milk of amnesia?”
J O’Wolf looked at his son. “Have I told ya this one already?”
“Oh no, Dad,” his son assured him. “Your last story was about the Potato Princess who fell in love with a newspaper editorialist and the King Potato said they couldn’t marry because he was a common tater.”
“Uh, yeah. Only in yer mother’s case, things went pulubi so they opened a tavern.”
“Oh boy, this ought to be good.”
“Here, why don’t ya sit on my knee ‘n let me tell ya bout it.”
“If you don’t mind, Dad, I’d rather not. The last time I sat on your knee and talked someone tried to hire us for a weekend in the Catskills.”
2. Who Do You Love?
“Anyhow,” J O’Wolf continued, “I wuz fresh outta college an’ lookin’ fer adventure—”
“You were in college?”
“—so I signed on with th’ merchant marine to sail th’ world. One day our ship pulled into Davao. There I wuz, sittin’ in a waterfront dive, th’ jukebox playin’ ‘Bad To The Bone,’ when like from a dream she walked up to my table ‘n said: Hey sailor, you like some bouncy-bouncy? (See, she had these ping-pong balls she wuz sellin’ th’ tourists.) Oh but she wuz beautiful, with her Suzie Wong dress an’ flower in her hair. She begged me to take her with me; but I wuz young ‘n stupid back then.”
“And now you’re no longer young,” K O’Wolf noted.
“D’ya wanna hear this or not? Now where wuz I?”
“Young and stupid.”
“Right. So I ventured into th’ jungle seekin’ fortune elsewhere. Fer days I trekked th’ impenetrable brush till comin’ to a clearin’ where I saw a girl drawin’ water from a well.”
“Like Jacob and Rachel?”
“Without warnin’ a ferocious tiger leaped from th’ thicket ‘n bore down on her. Instinctively my innate Texas gallantry kicked in an’ I dove into th’ path of th’ oncomin’ beast. We rolled to th’ bottom of a deep ravine; me ridin’ his back with my legs round his middle while my left arm held a half-nelson. Even so, he managed to claw me in th’ face.”
J O’Wolf stopped and pointed to a mark on his cheek.
“Mom told me that was an acne scar,” K O’Wolf said.
“Well it ain’t! He also managed to rip out some of my hair.”
“She also says you don’t want to admit you’re going bald.”
“Who’s tellin’ this story, me or yer mother? Anyway, this went on fer hours until, still fightin’ in th’ tall grass, I gathered blades of tough jungle fiber with my free hand ‘n wove ‘em into a stout rope which I used to bind th’ animal’s legs. With th’ tiger effectively hog-tied, I crawled up th’ hill ‘n approached th’ girl by th’ well. Imagine my surprise to see it wuz th’ bouncy-bouncy girl from th’ waterfront dive. No need to thank me, I said. An’ she wuz so overcome with gratitude she said, You’re getting blood on my rocks.”
“Does everyone speak italic in the Philippines?”
“It wuz while scrubbin’ th’ well stones that I asked how she came to be so deep in th’ jungle. She replied, You wandered in a circle and came up behind the tavern. That’s when I knew I needed help findin’ my way in th’ world, so I proposed to her. Princess, I said, the world is large and life is short, and there are too many women for me to try to make them all happy, so it’s best I pick one woman and make her ecstatic. She looked at me ‘n said, Huh? So I tried again. Princess, I said, a man searches the world for treasure, but a wise one knows when to stop and say I’ve found it! The evening sky is dark and gentle, but it’s no match for the midnight of your hair. The sapling may bend and sway to the music of the wind, but never so much as does the suppleness of your body. And time may go on forever, but it will never exceed the eternity I see in your eyes. (Her havin’ nice buns didn’t hurt either.) So she looked at me ‘n said, Well, you are sort of cute. I said, But can you cook? She said, Sure. You should see me wok the dog. So I brought her home to Texas where I made an honest woman outta her.”
3. One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer
J O’Wolf finished his narrative. “I guess ya know she lied about th’ cookin’. Should’ve suspected as much when I saw th’ flour in her hair.”
K O’Wolf gave him a skeptical look. “You didn’t sing her a song?”
“I did. Would ya like to hear it?” Before his son could say no, he got out his guitar. It was a magical guitar from long ago: a Japanese imitation Telecaster with reverb amp and distortion pedal that could be compressed to pocket size for easy portability. Which was as far as the magic went. It didn’t extend to his playing or singing. 

Oh cover me with special sauce
and spread it on with loving
then wrap my sausage in your dough
and stick it in your oven;
just slide it in and let it cook
till the cheese is soft and running

Yeah you’re my pizza mama
thick and fluffy crust
melted mozzarella love
dripping garlic lust.

The innkeeper walked up, grabbed the guitar’s neck. “That’s enough of that.”
J O’Wolf continued strumming, the muted strings making a chicka-chicka sound. “But there’s another verse,” he protested.
“I don’t think so,” the innkeeper threatened. “You just emptied the dining room.”
“Are you going to sit there and take that?” K O’Wolf asked him.
“Now son,” J O’Wolf admonished, “don’t be hard on th’ man. True, I’m no BTO or Foghat, but then there wuz four of them. Kin ya imagine how four of me would sound?” 
The innkeeper shuddered. “Just put the thing away, okay?”
“Oh, all right. See? I just squeeze it down ‘n stick it in my pocket.”
The innkeeper had another idea for where he could stick it. “Now what do you guy’s want?” He looked at K O’Wolf. “And don’t say a longneck.”
J O’Wolf too looked at his son. “I don’t often drink, but today bein’ yer birthday—Innkeeper, bring us two stout ales.”
The drinks arrived and J O’Wolf took a swig. “Now that’ll put hair on yer chest!”
“Dad!”
“It’s a figure of speech! Here, lemme help ya.”
“No thanks. I mean, who’re we kidding? We both know I’ll never have adventures like Perseus or Ulysses.”
“Aw, them guys are overrated. Why, if they wuzn’t so famous, nobody’d know who they are. So whut if ya can’t be an adventurer like yer old man? It don’t mean ya can’t be sumthin’ better. Ya could be a school teacher; maybe even be th’ headmaster.”
“Dad!”
“I mean ya take whut ya got ‘n make th’ best of it. Look, have I ever lied to ya?”
“Is this a trick question?”
“Okay, once or twice; but I’m sure ya could count th’ number of times on one hand.”
“Da-a-ad!”
“It’s just an expression!”
“I’m sorry, but it’s frustrating being a head. Do you know what it’s like to want to pinch the barmaid when she walks by? Or to see guys scratch their cojones and have none of your own to scratch?”
“Now son, everyone knows yer greatest sex organ is yer mind.”
“Did you just call me a dick-head?”
“Just have a drink, okay?”
J O’Wolf lifted the ale to his son’s lips. K O’Wolf took a sip. Suddenly there was a noise, a sort of musical twang—”I told you to put that thing away!” yelled the innkeeper—and poof! An arm and shoulder shot out of K O’Wolf’s body.
“Dad! Oh-my-gosh, Dad, look, I’ve got an arm!”
Oh God. Stop!
“Huh? Who said that? Never mind.” K O’Wolf snatched the mug and took another swig. Poof! A second arm appeared. “Dad! Look! Another arm! Now I can pinch the barmaid—”
Stop! 
4. I Drink Alone
Professor Hugo’s booming voice brought J-man back to reality. “But we wuz just fixin’ to pinch th’ barmaid.”
“See here,” the professor fussed, “I sat through your ridiculous tiger story and held my tongue during that god-awful Pizza Mama song; but I’ll be darned if I let you do that shaggy-dog story about you should have quit while you were ahead.”
“Oh.” J looked at the floor. “Sorry.” It was true he’d heard that joke the day before. Still, to accuse him of telling a shaggy-dog story seemed unnecessarily harsh. Besides, his Pizza Mama song wasn’t that bad.
The professor closed his notebook, tapping his pencil against the cover as he gazed at the family photos on his desk.
J got to his feet. “I’m thirsty,” he said.
Plainly annoyed with himself, Professor Hugo looked to the ceiling and let out a heartfelt sigh. “There has to be something wrong in the way I’m doing this. Perhaps if we tried an isolation chamber—”
“Ya mean, sorta like Robinson Crusoe?”
Professor Hugo thought it over. “Maybe I should quit while I’m ahead.”
###

What new trials await the gaunt-faced grappler as he waits for Princess Fely? Will he continue to advance in the STW championship tournament? Or will Gordon Paul place more obstacles in his way? And what of the Viking Mummy from Outer Space, aka Josie? Will she continue to cause problems for J? The answers to this, and more, await in the fourth installment of the Out of Texas series.


James Hold
Thank you for reading my book. 
Connect with me online: 
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JamesHold 

