

Sasquatch
Part four in the Sam Jenkins trilogy.

By Leon Mare

Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 Leon Mare
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
Ebook cover and formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com


About the Author
Leon Mare was born in South Africa and lived close to the Kruger National Park for most of his life. He was involved in extensive wildlife research, and spent all his free time in the African wilderness. Dr Mare has an intimate knowledge of the wilder side of Africa, which is reflected in most of his work. He has written several TV drama series, and produced a TV documentary on the indiscriminate killing of marlin on the east coast of Africa.
His paperback Dying is not Easy has become a collector's item, and used copies have been offered on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Waterstones and others for up to $ 1680. The novel was re-published in 2012 under the title of Poacher.
Dr Mare returned to South Africa in 2013 after ten years in the UK, and now lives in Yzerfontein on the Cape West Coast with his wife Monica.

Table of contents
Glossary
Maps
About Sasquatch
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty

Glossary:
Bakkie: Light truck (pickup)
Boer: Farmer. Often used as a degrading term for the Afrikaner people
Bundu: Bush, Wilderness
Braai: Barbeque
Casspir: Soft-armoured troop carrier
Donga: Narrow gully with steep sides, mostly formed by erosion
Drift: Shallow ford crossing a stream or river
Harvard: Propeller-driven training aircraft used by the S.A. Air Force. Fondly known as a flying brick, with the aerodynamics of a garage door
Hau: Exclamation in the Shangaan language
Honey badger: Mellivora capensis - an African species of mustelid known for its tenacious fierceness
Kleinbaas: What black Africans used to call small white boys
Kraal: Area enclosed with thorny branches
Lapa: Designated enclosed braai area
Lowveld: The large tract of land stretching from the escarpment in the West to the Mozambique border in the East.
Marula: Indigenous tree. Bears tasty fruit
Mopani: Indigenous shrub/tree
Nkosi: Respectful way of addressing a superior
Panga: Machete
Picannin: Small African boy
Ratel: Heavily armoured six-wheel drive troop carrier with a .50 Browning machine gun on the turret. (The name is derived from the Afrikaans for honey badger, weight-for - weight probably one of the fiercest animals in the African bush)
Recce: Abbreviation for the S.A. Special Forces, the Reconnaissance Battalion. These were hard men, trained to be ruthlessly efficient in clandestine bush warfare.
Rondavel: Round hut with thatched roof
Sheba: Slow-cooked tomato relish with onions and garlic
Spruit: Small stream or river
Taliwagon: Small truck with a heavy machine gun mounted on the back. Derived from Taliban.
Terrorist: Someone who kills indiscriminately for his beliefs. The tools of his trade are usually of Russian origin - The AK47, RPG7 rocket-propelled grenade, and land mines. If his side loses, he remains a terrorist. If his side wins, he becomed a Freedom Fighter and a national hero.
Tokarev: Pistol of Russian origin
Tourist camp: In the Kruger National Park tourists are accommodated in large Rest Camps (Skukuza, Satara, Olifants etc.). These are enclosed with animal-proof electric fencing, and tourists are only allowed out between dawn and dusk.
Tourist hut: Most of the accommodation is in the form of thatched huts ("rondavels") with air conditioning and all the mod-cons
Veld: Bush, wilderness
Zol: Home-rolled equivalent of a cigarette, usually consisting of pungent coarse tobacco, brown paper and saliva



Sasquatch synonyms:
Bigfoot (North America), Yeti (Himalayas and Arctic), Jungle Man (Vietnam), Man Beast (Panama), Waterbobbejaan ('Water-baboon': Africa), Moehau (New Zealand)

All apes are quadrupeds. According to all accounts this creature is not an ape: it is a bipedal humanoid.

Chapter One
Sam Jenkins was leaning over the railing on one of the water tanks, surveying the scene below him with a sense of satisfied accomplishment. Slowly but surely they were getting there.
Skukuza was buzzing with anticipation. Over the last two years there had neither been time nor reason to celebrate anything major. It had been a time of all work and no play. Tonight, however, the household lights were going to come on. For the first time every household would have light by flicking a switch instead of lighting a wick or a Coleman. Only one light bulb for every two people living together, up to a maximum of three lights per household, but electric light, nevertheless.
Up to now most of the electricity from the modest solar array had been applied to keeping the electric fence around the whole of Skukuza up and running 24/7. This was essential to protect not only the total population of 53 souls, but also to protect their crops and livestock. With the diverse menu on offer at Skukuza ranging from oranges and corn to cattle and humans, one needed to keep a sharp eye on the wildlife. The rest of the power had been used mostly to pump water up to the tanks above the purification plant. Today, after months of work, another fifty panels have been incorporated in the new grid.
Most of the infrastructure dated back to the days when Skukuza was the flagship tourist camp of the Kruger National Park. It took Sam Jenkins and his clan two years of painstaking planning and hard work to restore most of the harm done by time, a mini-war and nature. In the process a lot of things had to be changed and modified, a task to which Fix and Prof van Wijk applied themselves with great enthusiasm.
They had an abundance of vehicles of all shapes and sizes and the fuel storage tanks were full, with plenty to spare.
The quantity of fuel was not the problem: it was the quality. They had ample stocks in airtight tanks and drums to minimise evaporation of the more volatile ingredients, but still, the stuff was organic. And anything organic is susceptible to degradation. Especially the more sophisticated engines had started gumming up and breakdowns were becoming more frequent. As a result they had stopped using their aircraft: a spotless Huey helicopter and two small fixed wing aeroplanes.

The cache at the Hoedspruit Air force Base had been both a gold mine and a nightmare. When the virulent AIDS epidemic and concomitant diseases like cholera started decimating the population, someone at the AFB had the foresight to start stockpiling. Unfortunately the person at the helm lacked proper planning and long term vision. In the bigger picture of survival of the species, there was at present no room for the Lamborghini, flat screen TV's and crates of smartphones. To give the hoarder credit however: one whole hangar had been dedicated to solar power equipment.
There were lots of huge hangars at the base, and they were crammed to capacity. There were many totally useless items, lots of in-between items, and lots of very useful stuff. Everything potentially useful in the immediate future had been trucked to Skukuza. The rest was catalogued and organised but left in the more secure hangars and stores at Hoedspruit for now.

Sam's personal cache in the caves near the old Nwanetzi outpost had been much better planned. His sixteen year old son Michael was currently in charge of the team bringing all their equipment and provisions to Skukuza. Their convoy of three trucks was due back before sunset and Sam estimated that two or three more trips should finish the job.

He was just grateful that mankind got a second chance: they would re-build civilisation. Hopefully they will have the wisdom to avoid the pitfalls the previous 'civilisation' had blundered into. Meanwhile Mother Nature would be able to get her house in order again and repair some of the destruction caused by mankind over the past 300 years.
Some mistakes will not be repeated. Others undoubtedly will.
*****
The trucks had been laden to capacity and the tarpaulins were being tied down securely. "We'd better pull finger," Michael said to the other eight. "More rain heading this way."
"Cheez, as if we didn't have enough last night. I hope we can get the trucks to the tarred road without getting stuck," Anton said. He was two years older than Michael, and the two youngsters had grown inseparable through the fight with Kurt Waldeck and his clan.
Houdi, Michael's pet honey badger, grunted his displeasure when Michael shoved him over to make room behind the steering wheel. Grumbling and growling he climbed onto the back of the seat, whence he draped himself around Michael's back and shoulders and settled down to continue his snooze. Michael knew that pushing off the fifteen kilogram living scarf would get him nowhere. This is where Houdi travelled in the truck, and he would simply keep climbing back up with the tenacity of his species. Fifty times if he had to. Houdi does not take no for an answer.
They had just pulled away following the two lead trucks when Michael spotted a small herd of kudu on Anton's side of the truck. "Get one for the pot," Michael said and stopped. Five seconds later a young bull lay dead in the wet grass. At the sound of the shot the other trucks stopped again and Frik, one of the other drivers, got out. "Come on lads - this isn't a hunting expedition. We need to get these trucks to Skukuza before dark."
"You won't be complaining with a sizzling steak on your plate tonight," Michael said. "So stop moaning and get some guys to give us a hand here, this thing is bloody heavy."
Instead of untying the heavy tarpaulins covering their load, they loaded the kudu on top of the tarpaulin, and tied the carcass down securely with a sturdy rope.
No sooner had they reached what remained of the tarred road, when the sluices of heaven opened again. In the downpour Michael was wrestling with the huge steering wheel of the heavily laden truck, avoiding the potholes that appeared to be getting bigger and deeper on every trip. The previous night's heavy rain had filled up the potholes making it impossible to judge their depth. The quality of the roads seemed to be deteriorating as fast as the quality of the fuel. In another year or two mechanical transport would probably be history - horses and ox wagons were looming on the horizon. In fact, some innovative designs were already in evidence in the Skukuza workshops. Some were ingenious and workable, while some avant-garde designs bordered on the hilarious. Having so much to work with, Fix tended to get a bit carried away at times and some of his creations would leave Mad Max green with envy.
They were just getting onto the rhythm of the drive when the lead truck lost a front tyre negotiating a deep pothole. The pouring rain didn't do anything to lift their spirits as they struggled in the mud to change the tyre. "Eh, Frik," Michael needled, "next time try to go around the deep ones, huh?"
"Been driving trucks since you were a snot-nosed kid, sonny. Speaking of which, there's something green hanging out your nose."
With the water cascading down his face Michael couldn't be sure and wiped a knuckle under his nose instinctively, which elicited raucous laughter from the rest.
When they got back into their own truck, Houdi was obviously in a state of red alert: the hair on his neck was erect, his lips curled back, and he was snarling through the back window at the tarpaulin. "Settle down boy," Michael said as he patted Houdi. "We don't like the storm either. At least you're still dry." It took a while for the honey badger to settle down and climb back to his perch, but he soon nodded off again, grumbling from time to time in his sleep.

Clearing out the caves at Nwanetzi was proving to be much harder physically than the Hoedspruit operation. Everything had to be carried by hand over difficult terrain as the trucks could not get closer than a hundred yards to the caves. Just loading the trucks was taking two days of backbreaking labour, and lately driving back to Skukuza would take nearly a day. Sam had spent the first week at the caves with them in order to oversee the removal of their landmines and other booby traps. Not having encountered another living soul for nearly six months they had deemed it safe to lower their guard.
Sam and his late friend Louis Steyn had spent five years planning and stocking the caves. Their initial intention had been to ride out the epidemic in the seclusion of Nwanetzi. Once they got wind of the late General Richardson's well-planned "republic" at Skukuza however, they moved there with Sam's family, taking along Aaron Skosana with his two wives and several children. The caves remained their secret back-up. Aaron had been Sam's Man Friday since his very early days as senior ranger in the Kruger Park, and even now Sam still leaned heavily on Aaron's natural instincts and knowledge of all things wild. Both Sam and Michael had an intimate knowledge of the African wilderness, but Aaron could always be relied upon to teach them something new.

They reached the stores at Skukuza with daylight to spare. Several people came sauntering over to help unload the trucks.
"Any problems?" Sam asked as Michael got down from the cab.
"None," Michael replied. "Lost a tyre near the caves, but otherwise the trucks ran smoothly. Anton got us a nice young Kudu bull - maybe Fix can lay on some light to the braai area while he's at it. Seeing we are having a lights-on party tonight we can just as well have a mammoth braai."
"Better come have a look at this," Anton's voice sounded from the back of the truck.
Anton was imitating a magician, waving his hand in the direction of the top of the tarpaulin. The kudu carcass was missing.
Michael frowned. "What the... I tied it down personally."
Anton climbed up and inspected the area where the carcass should have been. "Impossible. Someone stole our meat. Must have been while we were changing the tyre."
"No way," Michael said while also climbing up. "There's nobody left out there. Besides, it would have taken at least four people to carry that kudu - no way we wouldn't have spotted them." He inspected the frayed en of the piece of rope still attached to the truck and his frown deepened. "This rope wasn't cut, it was broken."
"Not a chance," Sam said. "No-one can break that rope. The carcass must have gotten caught on an overhanging tree or something and got pulled off."
"Can't see that happening without us hearing it Dad," Michael said, shaking his head.
"How the hell else could it have disappeared? If any carnivore had jumped up the tarpaulin would have been ripped."
"Well..." Michael conceded half-heartedly. "I suppose it could have been ripped off without us hearing - at times the rain was pretty loud on the roof..."
*****

Chapter Two
In theory Lance Foxcroft lived with his mother in what used to be a luxury tourist hut. In reality he spent his life in what he refers to as his ops room. Banks of computers and screens lined the walls and the overflowing desks and shelves in one of the larger offices in the Parks Board's admin building, and this ruled Lance's life. This and food. Michael mischievously maintained that his masticatory muscles were booster pumps for his heart in the quest for getting enough blood to his brain. He stops thinking when he stops chewing. Although the internet had ceased to exist several years ago, he still found plenty of applications for both his hardware and software. The computers monitored everything, whether it needed to be monitored or not.
One of the computers was linked to the powerful radio system that used to connect the National Parks all over South Africa. The huge antenna which had been knocked down two years ago had been repaired and it was all ears. Ears only, because Sam had decided against broadcasting over it and thereby advertising their presence. There would undoubtedly be other survivors out there, but Sam would rather know everything about them before they knew anything about Skukuza. For internal communication they used walkie-talkies and radios with a limited range. The computer had been scanning the airwaves for more than a year now without picking up any communications.
It was this computer that suddenly started beeping.

The rain had stopped and a huge fire was roaring. Fix had rigged ten temporary lights in the lapa and a festive atmosphere prevailed with people standing and sitting around in small groups chatting and laughing. Sam was sitting at one of the picnic tables with his wife Estelle, contemplating their glasses of Meerlust Rubicon in companionable silence when Michael sat down next to him. Houdi, after sniffing around for anything edible, settled on Michael's feet.
"Dad," he said with the frown back on his face, "the way that kudu disappeared today worries me."
"Me too. You know, and I know, there's no way there are over-hanging branches on that road sturdy enough to break that rope and rip off the carcass."
"It's not only that: when we got back into the cab after changing the wheel on Frik's truck Houdi was in a frenzy, spoiling for a fight."
"With what?"
"Dunno - he was staring through the back window and snarling and carrying on something fierce."
"Then he must have heard or smelled something or someone on the back of the truck. I'll go back with the convoy myself tomorrow in another vehicle and take Aaron and some more men. While you guys are loading we'll do a proper recce of the area. We have to get behind this - if there's another clan in the area we need to know about it. We don't want to end up with another war on our hands. There's been enough strife in this world."
Estelle sighed and seemed close to tears. "May this not start all over again - haven't we been through enough? Do you really think there are more people out there in the bush?"
"Obviously we will not be the only survivors on the planet, there's bound to be more," Sam said. "Lots more. But we need to be very, very careful. Man, unfortunately, is the most evil of God's creations. As long as everything is hunky-dory peace may last for a while, but at some point someone will want something that belongs to someone else, and the crap will start all over again. That is, unfortunately, the nature of man. Presently nothing is going hunky-dory with anyone, so the ice is thin everywhere. We need to tread very carefully."
Prof van Wijk and his daughter Elsa, who had been following the conversation, joined them at the table. Having been in charge of the group of scientists Sam had rescued from the Nelspruit library, Elsa had still not forgiven Sam for making a fool of her when she had threatened him with a shotgun, thinking he and his men were baddies.
"I agree Sam. But they're not all bad: there's a lot of good in a lot of people," she said.
"Certainly. But somehow the collapse of social order brings out the bad in mankind. The moment the leash slips and authority, and with it law and order goes, man regresses and reverts to being a savage. Even in the good times, this inevitably led to looting, burning, rape and wanton murder. We've all seen it."
"Exactly what I've been saying all my life: all men are not equal. Common sense, ball sense and breeding: either you have it or you don't. It can't be bought or taught."
"And that is precisely the reason why we will..."
Sam was interrupted by Lance waddling up to the group at his top speed, which was impressive considering his bulk. He didn't have any breath left with which to raise his voice, but it was very clear that something of cataclysmic proportions must have happened in his small world. He was purple, panting and sweating, gesticulating wildly in the direction of the admin building.
"Sam...," he panted, gulping for air like a stranded fish. "They... he... we've got contact..."
Everybody at the table jumped up and started steering him back towards his ops room while trying to get some sense out of him.
"They... I think it is Portuguese."
"What did you say to them?" Sam wanted to know.
"Wait," Lance panted. "I just told him to wait."
"Excellent. Signal strength?"
"Perfect - sounded as if they were right next door."
They either had a powerful transmitter, or they were fairly close. Sam knew that the city of Nelspruit as well as all the towns in a radius of at least two hundred kilometres had been destroyed and looted out of existence. There would be no food left in the urban areas, and therefore no people. Who the hell was this? Most probably Pretoria or Johannesburg, some 600 kilometres away. Probably a military base somewhere, where someone had the insight to start doing something productive and sustainable. They needed to go very careful on this...
As they entered the ops room it was coming loud and clear from Lance's bank of Bose speakers: "Alô. Alô. Bom dia! Comprende? Anyone there? Hello, Hello..."
Everyone froze in thunderstruck silence as Sam sat down in Lance's chair and motioned him closer. "Can you tone down our signal strength and clarity somewhat? I don't want them to have the idea that we may be close."
"No sweat," Lance said as he did some fine tuning on his equipment. "Ready?" he asked Sam, who nodded.
Lance pointed at a switch, which Sam flipped.
"Hello, can you hear me?"
There was a moment of silence, and then several voices came shouting over the speakers simultaneously, accompanied by wild cheering in the background. It took a few moments to calm everyone down on the other side.
"Who are you, and where are you?" Sam asked once things started quieting down.
A heavily accented male voice took over. "We are at the wind farm in Ressano Garcia. Where are you?"
"No offense, but for the sake of security we prefer not to give out information at this early stage. I hope you'll understand that. We have been listening to the ether for a long time: how come you are suddenly on the air, loud and clear?"
In the background there was a heated conversation in Portuguese. This went on for a while before the spokesman responded. "We understand. For the same reason we must keep some of our information secret. But we are starving and we are desperate. We needed spares for our transmitter, and sent an expedition to the city of Maputo. They never returned. Two members of the third expedition returned yesterday with the components. The rest were killed. Now we are only sixteen left. We need food and we need help. Please."
Sam looked at his companions. "Is the bridge at Komatipoort still intact?" he asked over the radio.
"It is intact, but not a single vehicle has used it in many years. Some animals, but no people."
"I know the experimental wind farm at Ressano Garcia. We will try to get to you - keep this channel open. Is that sixteen adults?"
"Three children, the youngest is seven. But no-one is strong enough to walk any distance. Malnutrition and disease, mostly malaria and diarrhoea. We have two doctors, but they don't have any medicine."
"We will try to reach you in two or three days. Stay alive and keep the radio tuned in. Do you have enough battery power for that?"
To everybody's amazement this was followed by a chuckle and some laughter in the background. "Electricity, we have. Plenty. But we can't eat electricity."
Sam smiled. "Keep safe, we will see you in a couple of days. By the way, my name is Sam Jenkins."
"Domingo Mattias: pleased to meet you."
"See you soon, Domingo."
Sam flipped off the broadcast switch and turned around. The ops room was now crammed with people, and an awed silence prevailed. The only movement was Fix, who was doing a silent shuffle of elation, both fists high above his head. He resembled a deaf mute who has just won the Lotto.
"What's with you?" Sam said.
"Think about it," Fix said with a grin. "The wind farm is obviously still in working order, and the National grid will still be up in the absence of cable thieves. We have high tension cables coming right in to Skukuza. At the worst, we'll probably have to replace some fuses, tweak a couple of transformers on the way, and viola, we have unlimited AC current in town! Imagine the workshops in full swing, 24/7!"
As the possibilities dawned on everyone a collective cheer reverberated through the building and everybody started talking simultaneously.
After a while Sam held his hands up for silence. "That's very good news indeed, but let's not count our chickens too early. A lot needs to happen first, and we'll need a lot of luck and hard work. But if we can do it, we'll have advanced our new civilisation by at least a hundred years. Fix, Frik, Michael, Prof van Wijk, Lance and Moya: a meeting in the boardroom in ten minutes. Everybody else: keep on celebrating, but no more alcohol. We are going to need a lot of you soon. Don't go to bed just yet."
Moya was the only remaining pilot in the community, the other two having been shot down in their Puma helicopters during the fighting with the Waldeck clan two years ago. At Sam's words her countenance immediately started radiating sunshine - the mere thought of flying again made her grin from ear to ear. Although their three aircraft were meticulously maintained by Fix's crew, Sam had forbidden any flying for fear of engine failure due to fuel deterioration. She immediately headed for the boardroom where she was joined a minute later by Michael with Houdi in tow.
"You think your dad is going to let me fly?" she enquired enthusiastically.
"Nah. He loves you like his own daughter - he's too scared you'll crash."
Daughter my ass, she thought. They were in love and he had been in denial for the past two years. He managed to keep an aloof yet civil distance, but she knew what was going on in his head. He loved her as much as she loved him - that had been made abundantly clear in the Nwanetzi caves during the war. They had been shot down near Satara Rest Camp by one of Waldeck's Harvards and had to find their way back to Skukuza, some hundred kilometres away. During their interlude in the caves things just sort of took their natural course, but Sam was a married man with three children, one of which not even his wife Estelle knew about. Mathilde still had no idea that Dr Mocke was not her father, nor Anton her brother. Dr Mocke had revealed the unsettling truth to Sam during the early days of the strife, eliciting guilt feelings of major proportions.
But life is not over till it's over, Moya thought as the rest came trouping into the boardroom.
"This can really be the beginning of a major breakthrough," Sam began. "Fix, I assume the three trucks meant to go to the caves are tanked up and ready to go?"
"Yeah. Spare wheel fixed, everything checked and tip-top."
"Excellent. We'll take them to Ressano Garcia instead. We have no idea what the road to Komatipoort is going to be like, so take ample spares and supplies. And fuel. Also, prepare one Ratel to join the convoy - you never know."
The Ratel being an armoured six-wheel drive troop carrier armed with a .50 Browning machine gun, this was beginning to sound like another war coming up, Prof van Wijk thought. "Do you really think that's necessary Sam?" he asked.
"I sincerely hope it won't be needed, but there's been a lot happening lately, and I want all the insurance we can possibly get. Speaking of which: Michael, I want you to hold the fort here..."
Michael interrupted with a groan that sounded positively painful. "Ah c'mon Dad! Skukuza is as safe as Fort Knox. What on earth can be a threat here?"
"Let's just say that disappearing carcass is bothering me. There may be more people in the bush out there, and as long as we're not certain, we remain on red alert."
"But Dad Nwanetzi is a hundred clicks away!"
"I'm aware of that, but a blind man can follow the tracks of the trucks on these roads."
"If there's someone out there, they definitely don't have wheels - we would have picked up their tracks long ago."
"So they can walk. I also want someone watching the bridge during daylight. By this time they will definitely no longer have light to travel after dark, so by sunset I want everybody back in camp. Check the fence regularly, and I want perimeter guards on duty at all times. Lance, please make sure all the coms are linked - we want to remain in touch at all times. One channel exclusively for us, and a second channel on the Ressano Garcia wavelength. Can anyone think of something else?"
"How about thinking about me," Moya said with a sweet fake smile.
"Ah, yes," Sam said. "I've been contemplating an aerial recce of Ressano Garcia, but I think it's too risky."
"Risky for whom?" she asked innocently.
Sam shifted uncomfortably in his chair. "You are aware that the fuel is suspect. We don't want to lose a plane."
"Lose a plane, eh? If you're never going to use them again, why are you so reluctant to lose one?"
"You know what I mean. We don't want you to crash. It's simply not worth the risk."
"If I use the helicopter and stay above the road there is absolutely no risk. And I'm damn sure this trip will be a lot safer for everybody if you knew beforehand what lies ahead."
"True," Fix interjected. "Chances of the engine just quitting without warning are practically nil. She can just put it down on the road, and we'll be with her in no time. Provided, of course, she never travels more than ten or twenty clicks ahead of the convoy. No chance of losing either her or the chopper."
Moya was looking very smug indeed.
"I'd feel one helluva lot safer knowing what's waiting for us ahead of time," Frik added.
Moya was now in full bloom. "See?" She smiled sweetly at Sam.
"Yeah, that might be a good idea after all," Sam admitted. "So Fix, will you please make sure the chopper and the Ratel will be ready? We can leave at first light. Moya, you can leave about half an hour after us, and leapfrog the convoy. Just follow the road to Crocodile Bridge. As soon as you are ten clicks ahead of the convoy, put it down and wait for us. Anton can ride shotgun with you."
"Why don't you ride shotgun in case snap decisions need to be made. Much better to have a complete view of the bigger picture," Moya said.
"Good idea," Fix said. "I'll drive the Ratel and handle the convoy."
Gotcha, she thought. Let's see you get out of this one. Sam had been putting considerable effort into trying to avoid being alone in her company for a long time. He was cornered and he knew it.
"Right," he said. "Let's get organised."
*****

Chapter Three
Michael was not a happy camper as he watched the chopper take off in the distance. While his best friend Anton was happily off on a nice adventure, he was lying under a bush, watching the bridge through his binoculars. Bloody baby-sitting Skukuza. Houdi was sniffing through the surrounding bush, hunting for nibbles. Anything that moved was devoured, from snakes and mice to dung beetles. Not being too particular about the movement part, he pounced gleefully on a guinea fowl nest containing three eggs, the prospective mother taking to the air with urgent haste and a panicky chack-tjarrrr.
Michael enjoyed a certain sense of security with his mobile radar system scanning the bush around him. He had his R1 assault rifle by his side, but Houdi was worth a lot more than a gun. No hungry lion or leopard was going to sneak up on him. He had found Houdini as a starving infant wandering aimlessly through the riverine bush. It had taken lots of bites and scratches and a lot of perseverance before their bond had started to gel. Over time they had become inseparable, much to his mother and sister's dismay. Houdi was rather incorrigible and would leave nothing in peace. He was forever exploring and could neither be kept in or out. He always found a way, without fail. He was always where he wanted to be: be it inside, outside, under or on top of. Michael was the only person he ever took notice of - he seemed to just tolerate other people, but that was pretty much that. Like all honey badgers, the concepts of pain or fear did not exist in his realm. He would tackle anything with the tenacity his species is known for, and not desist until he has everything his way. Each and every time.
This was boring work, and Michael's mind started wandering back, trying to figure out the mystery of the missing carcass.

From the air the road surface appeared to be a lot better than Sam had anticipated. A lot of sand and soil had been washed onto the surface over time, but the fact that there had been no traffic had resulted in the surface being mostly intact. The vegetation overhanging the road was still relatively new growth, which the Ratel and the trucks swept aside with ease. Here and there trees that had been pushed over by elephants were obstructing the road, but the heavy winch on the Ratel sorted that out in no time. They were making good time, and should be at the bridge over the Komati River by dusk. They would exit the Park at Crocodile Bridge, cross the Crocodile River, and head for the Komati bridge through the small town of Komatipoort. From there it was less than ten clicks to Ressano Garcia, at the confluence of the Crocodile and Komati Rivers.
Sam activated the radio. "Fix, I see truck three is belching quite a bit of diesel smoke. Any problems with it?"
"Not really. Elmon is driving - he says he has lost some power, but it's still running smoothly. Should make it. When we get back I'll replace the injectors. Got spares here, but I prefer doing it in the workshop."
"OK. At our next landing everyone can take a breather," Sam said as the Huey zoomed ahead once more, skimming the treetops.
As soon as Sam deactivated the radio mike, Moya was on the intercom again. "So what do we do about it?"
"There is absolutely nothing we can do about it," he replied in exasperation while double-checking that their conversation was not being broadcast. "We've been over this. There's no future in it: we'll just have to live with it."
She sounded close to tears. "I bloody-well can't live with it any longer! God-dammit, don't you understand that you were and always will be the only man in my life?"
Sam let out a deep sigh of regret. "I know, Moya. And you are not the only one suffering. What happened should never have happened, but we both walked into it with our eyes wide open, knowing full well that we were going to regret it."
"I don't regret it! I have never regretted it for a single moment, and I never will."
"The only regret I really have is the pain we are causing each other. But I will live with my pain: the pain the alternative would cause others would be infinitely greater. Deserting my family would destroy them. It would destroy the Skukuza community. It would destroy and wipe out anything good that I ever did in my life. It would destroy me. And in the long term it would destroy you."
She bit her lip, tears flowing freely. "I know all these things, Sam, but I can't help it: I love you, but it seems I can never get close to you - it's driving me crazy."
"Emotions, unfortunately, don't have an override switch. We simply have no choice but to be..." Sam saw something from the corner of his eye, but they were past it before he could make out what it was.
Moya noticed his reaction and started banking the helicopter to turn back. "What was it? I didn't see anything."
"Don't know. I just saw the sunlight flash off something," he said as he leant forward, peering through the Perspex bubble. "There," he said, pointing.
She altered course slightly. In the thick bush, right next to the road the wreckage of an aircraft could be seen. "Looks like a King Air," Moya remarked.
"Can you put us down? Let's have a look."
While Moya was looking for a clearing big enough for the rotors Sam radioed to alert the convoy. "We're landing on the road some seven clicks ahead of you. There's an aeroplane wreck I'd like to have a look at. Moya says it looks like a King Air. Seems the guy was attempting an emergency landing."
"Roger. Be with you in a jiffy."
The moment Sam was out of the helicopter he cocked his R1, eliciting a frown from Moya. "Expecting trouble?"
"No, but this didn't happen all that long ago. Maybe a month or two, judging by the vegetation." Sam was standing in the road, surveying the scene. "He touched down a couple of hundred metres back," Sam said, pointing in the direction of Mozambique to the east.
"Yeah, I noticed the skid marks when we turned. He seemed to have been doing quite well 'till his left wing clipped the tree back there. Looks like he'd bled off a lot of speed before losing it and heading into the bush."
Sam followed the path the fuselage had ripped through the undergrowth, Moya hard on his heels. The belly of the plane had been ripped open by the bush, and the area was strewn with wreckage and the remains of luggage. The nose of the aircraft was crumpled up against a thick marula tree.
"Not too bad," Moya remarked, citing some figures. "One or two pilots, six to ten passengers, depending on seating design. Bloody excellent aircraft, with a range of up to 3,500 kilometres."
"Hell, that means it could have come from anywhere. No sign of a fire, so the tanks were probably empty or near empty."
"Not necessarily - not all crashes result in a fire."
By now they had reached the wreck.
Moya's eyes roved over it with critical appraisal. "Passenger compartment mainly intact, so there must have been survivors. The pilot or pilots definitely bought it against that tree. Let's look inside."
She was right about the cockpit. The smell of death was still thick in the confined space, and hyenas and other carnivores had compounded the chaos. From the remains it was clear that there had been only one pilot.
There had been eight seats in the passenger compartment. Two had been ripped out through a gaping hole in the side of the fuselage. All the passengers seemed to have gotten out of the plane, one way or another.
By now the convoy had arrived, and everyone descended on the scene, crashing and crunching through the undergrowth.
"Jeeez, they bloody nearly made it," Fix remarked with a whistle and a shake of the head. "If it hadn't been for that big marula..."
"Most of the passengers seem to have made it. Scan the area and see if you can find anything. My guess is that it happened a couple of months ago. I wouldn't have thought anyone would still be flying around."
"Shit," Fix said, "where were they from and where were they going?"
"Unless we find them we'll never know. Moya says this plane had a range of more than three thousand kilometres."
Fix let out another whistle as everyone started searching the surroundings. He found something immediately. "Better come have a look at this," he called from the other side of the marula tree.
There was clear evidence of a make-shift shelter, torn to shreds long ago. The remnants of clothing, blankets, personal possessions and utensils lay strewn over a large area.
"Bloody hyenas," Sam mumbled. "Keep looking."
Then they found the lower jaw of a human. And more bones that appeared to be human, strewn over a large area, some broken, and some obviously chewed on. Then they found a skull with part of the cranium missing. Dr Mocke was called over.
"Can you tell if this is more than one skeleton?" Sam asked.
"At least two," Dr Mocke said after a while, comparing the bones. "Both these femurs are definitely from left legs. "And look at this," he said, passing the skull to Sam. "This one has been shot in the back of the head."
He pointed out a neat hole punched out of the occipital bone. "Execution style. Either .38 or 9 Mil."

Michael was scanning the opposite riverbank for the umpteenth time when Jake, one of the young cattle-herds, suddenly shouted over his radio. "Michael, there's lions amongst the cattle!"
"So shoot them, you bloody sissy," Michael said as he ran towards his vehicle. "Where are you?"
"Block 'C', behind the clubhouse. I can't see the lions but the cattle are going crazy." The old golf course on the opposite side of Skukuza offered excellent grazing and the cattle often headed that way when they were let out in the mornings.
"Sipho with you?"
"Yeah, he's right here."
"Forget about the cattle for now and get up a decent tree. I'll be there in a couple of minutes. And be bloody careful with those rifles." Although exhaustively trained in the use of firearms, sending two twelve-year old boys out to watch over the cattle was a little risky, but there was no alternative. Every able-bodied person in the community had to pull his or her weight. At night the cattle were kept in their kraal inside the Skukuza fence to protect them against carnivores, but during the day they had to be let out to graze. The sheep and horses were never let out.
Before Michael could open the door, Houdi zoomed into the cab through the window and took up position on the backrest, emanating little grunts of satisfaction. He simply loved traveling. Maybe that way he felt he was covering more ground in less time.
As Michael skidded around the ruins of the clubhouse he could see a pall of dust hanging over the dry riverbed of the Nwatinsaka Spruit. He cursed under his breath as he headed that way. The thickets along the banks was difficult terrain, made worse by dense patches of reeds. Going after lions in this lot was going to be tough. He got out of the truck and watched the two youngsters having a hard time climbing down from their tree. He had trouble hiding his grin. With lions in the vicinity it always seems a lot easier getting up a tree than getting down later.
The moment Houdi hit the ground he froze with his nose in the air. Then he went into what Michael called hairy mode: the hair all down his spine stood up straight, and his lips curled back in a snarl. Michael frowned: this was a little out of character. As a rule Houdi left lions alone, and lions left Houdi alone. The two species seemed to ignore each other with aloof indifference. Although a honey badger is no match for a lion, lions know only too well how much dynamite is packed into that little animal. The skin of a honey badger is extremely thick and tough, and it has the ability to turn around inside its own skin and bring its vicious claws and teeth into play in a wink.
Houdi was highly agitated, running around, sniffing the air and growling. "Down boy. What the hell is the matter with you?" Michael admonished before turning to the two youngsters. "What happened?"
Both Jake and Sipho seemed extremely nervous, but Michael was glad to see their rifles were pointing to the ground, fingers well outside the trigger guards. They even had the safeties on.
"I don't really know," Jake said. "One moment it was all peace and quiet and the next moment all hell broke loose. The cattle stampeded down the bank mooing and kicking up dust."
"And the lions?"
Jake was looking a little sheepish. "Well, that's the thing. We never saw them or heard them. But you know how it is with the cattle."
"Yeah, I know. Could have been a leopard - sounds more likely. Let's get them back to the kraal, then we can have a look around."
It took them quite a while to calm down the cattle and herd them back to the kraal. When they counted the herd, there was one calf missing.
"Probably a leopard. It will have dragged the calf up a tree so let's go find it."
Michael exchanged the boys' rifles with pump-action shotguns, loaded with LG ammo. A leopard at close quarters is best handled with a shotgun.
The youngsters were not exactly bubbling with enthusiasm as they set off for the riverbed. Houdi, who had calmed down considerably, once again started revving up. The only thing Michael could think of was that this must be the territory of another male, and there might be a little love in the air. He really would prefer encountering a leopard rather than another honey badger spoiling for a fight.
With the herd of cattle having churned up the area it would be useless trying to look for spoor. So they scanned the ground and vegetation for signs of blood. When looking for a leopard, you don't just scan horizontally - you check vertically as well.
They crossed and re-crossed the area, widened their search and checked every tree. There were no circling vultures, and no loitering hyenas. And not a single drop of blood to be found anywhere. There was no way a leopard could drag a calf over any considerable distance. If it had been lions they would have settled down and consumed it. It was as if the calf had disappeared into thin air. Michael was stumped. As far as he was aware aliens weren't very much into abducting cattle.
*****

Chapter Four
The aroma of freshly brewed coffee wafted through their small camp consisting of seven two-man tents. Moya had her own tent, but everybody else shared. Anton had the tin mugs lined up and was pouring. Even though the water had been boiled on a gas stove, Sam still had a small fire going.
"You still like your little fires, eh?" Moya said as she pulled up a chair.
"Jip. Old habits die hard."
"How are we going to do this?" Fix asked.
They had made good time yesterday despite the plane wreck and were camped within a kilometre of the bridge over the Komati River. Three kilos beyond that lay Ressano Garcia. They were probably not expected for at least another day or two, which suited Sam just fine. If the people at the wind farm were planning any nasty surprises, he was hoping to jump the gun on them.
"At first light we'll take the chopper and do a recce. The moment we take off, get the convoy moving. We'll check out the bridge and the approaches to it first. Once the convoy is over the bridge I'll switch over to their radio frequency and alert them to our imminent arrival. We'll overfly their position, and if everything looks OK we will land. Stay alert on the radio - if I use the word 'massive' it means there's an ambush. Then you do what you think is best. We'll give you as much info as we can."
"So let's get the show on the road," Fix said, unable to stand still in his excitement. He was like a kid on his way to a Christmas party. "Man, this is gonna be big!"
Sam smiled. "Cool it, Fix. Maybe all we're going to get out of it is to increase the Skukuza population which, in itself, would be worth the trip. They have at least one doctor, which is pure mother lode. The fact that they have electricity and were able to repair their radio means more experts. I'm also a bit excited, but let's get our act together first."
They started breaking up camp, some still with coffee mugs in one hand.

An aerial inspection of the bridge revealed nothing more than some flotsam deposited mostly on the railings by previous floods. The bridge being on the N4 highway to Maputo, the bridge was wide and high. The convoy should be able to cross with ease.
"Fix," Sam said over the radio, "be careful when you come off the bridge. The road got washed away a bit on this side, but it shouldn't be an obstacle. We're going ahead to the site."
With that Moya banked sharply and pointed the nose in the direction of the immense wind generators towering in the distance. "Hope they don't have SAM's," she remarked.
"They will have nothing to gain and everything to lose if they attack the chopper," Sam said. "I am fairly convinced this is genuine." He changed the wavelength on the radio which meant not only could Rerssano Garcia hear him, but the whole of Skukuza would probably be crammed into the ops room by now. "Domingo do you read me?"
A curt "momento por favor" was followed by excited shouting over the radio. A moment later a breathless female voice took over. "Mr Sam Jenkins, I presume? Is that you in the helicopter?"
"Indeed. And a good morning to you too. May I know to whom I'm speaking?"
"Yessir, sorry, but we are all so very excited. I am Maria Perreira. Mr Mattias is on his way and will be here shortly. Very much welcome to Ressano Garcia and thank you very much for coming so quickly."
"If she is putting on an act, she's the best actress I've ever come across," Moya said over the intercom.
"Agreed," Sam said. They were now directly overhead and Sam scanned the surrounding area in detail, not seeing any sign of defences. "Shit," he said to Moya, "these people are sitting ducks - how they could have survived this long beats me. I see two guys with AK's, and that seems to be the sum total of their army."
"Good morning Mr Sam Jenkins. Welcome. Your pilot can land anywhere he chooses."
Moya let out a snort and chipped in on the radio. "Thank you Mr Mattias, I'll set it down in the central clearing."
There was a moment of stunned silence following the crisp female voice.
"My intense apologies, Miss. I'm afraid the old male chauvinist habits still rise to the surface from time to time. Very sorry about that."
Moya grinned at Sam, bouncing her eyebrows up and down. "Ah, a gentleman at last."
Sam refrained from taking the bait and kept a sharp lookout on the surroundings as Moya executed a perfect landing. He got Fix on the radio: "All clear, you can come in." Then he got out while Moya was still cooling down the engine prior to shut-down and strode to the knot of people who had gathered around the clearing. A skinny elderly man extended his hand in greeting. Everyone in the group seemed rather skinny, their clothing hanging on their thin frames like flour sacks. The group resembled survivors from Auschwitz. "Welcome, Mr Jenkins." The man had a fiercely proud and dignified bearing despite his attire. Yet there were tears in his eyes. "I am Domingo Mattias. We are very glad to see you. Very glad."
"Pleased to meet you, Domingo. Over time we have done away with surnames, there being so few of us left. Everybody knows everybody and we're like one big family. If that's OK with you."
"That's fine, Sam."
By now Moya had shut down the Huey and was approaching.
Domingo bowed deeply. "Once again please accept my apologies, young lady. Allow me to introduce myself and my people," he said, indicating the small group of people.
"Give it a minute, then we don't have to go through it twice," Sam interjected. He could hear the distant rumbling of the approaching convoy. "My people will be here soon with food and medicine."
"You already have trucks here?" Domingo said with disbelief. "You can truly work miracles!" The excited murmuring of his people rose to a cheer.
One of the young men shook Sam's hand with vigour. "You have been sent from Heaven, Mr Jenkins. Just in time - our people are dying here. I am Dr Carlos Peixotto. You are saving our lives today." By now he had Sam's hand in both of his, and tears of gratitude were streaking down his cheeks. "Thank you, thank you, thank you," he kept repeating.

Maria Perreira and her husband Franco were both in their mid-forties. She was a veterinarian and her husband an engineer in high-voltage electricity, hence his attachment to the wind farm. They were both of Spanish origin but have been in Mozambique for eleven years and spoke English fairly well.
They were taking Sam and Fix on a tour of the facility after the people had been fed and a make-shift clinic had been set up, manned by Drs Mocke and Peixotto.
Fix was like a child in a toy shop and was inspecting everything and asking questions non-stop. "Man, we can make this work," he said to Sam. "When are we going back?"
Sam held up his hands, chuckling. "It's definitely looking promising, but Rome wasn't built in a day. It will probably not take long to load all these people's belongings, there not being much. Also load whatever spares and equipment you think you may need. Have Franco take every plan and drawing of the facility. We can probably hit the road first thing the day after tomorrow."
"You can work through the night if you wish," Franco said. At night we light up this facility like a sports field."
"Pretty risky I'd say. You could be spotted from miles away and draw unwanted attention."
"Any attention would have been worth the risk. We were starving anyway. In the city of Maputo there are still some evil people, but between here and there: nothing. Not a single living soul."
"That may be so, but we'd still like to be out of here as soon as possible. Besides, our people in Skukuza need us." He looked up at the two gigantic wind turbines rotating at a steady 32 rpm. The other eight had been shut down. "I suppose those can simply keep going indefinitely. Even if there had been anybody around, I doubt if they can do any damage without explosives. The whole system seems to be pretty tamper proof."
"Yes, not totally proof against vandals, but why would they bother in the first place? As I said, you can't eat electricity. And sustenance is the only desperate need in this part of Africa right now," Domingo said.
Sam was still looking up at the gigantic structures higher than 20-storey buildings, with three 60 metre blades each. "We have to get this energy to Skukuza," he said to no-one in particular. "It will change the world. Our world."
*****
Sam's house had a large veranda enclosed with mosquito screens. Michael preferred to sleep here in summer as it was the closest one could get to sleeping under the stars without being sucked dry by the mosquitos. In mid-summer the temperature and humidity made it practically impossible to sleep indoors, and of course there were neither fans nor air conditioning due to lack of sufficient electricity.
The incidents with the kudu and the calf had him worried, and his sleep was shallow and restless. Both events defied explanation, and that didn't sit well with him. He hated uncertainty and there didn't seem any way in which he could put this puzzle together.
Something tripped in his subconscious mind and he sat bolt upright. Something had woken him and he had no idea what it was. Far to the east lightning flashed and thunder rumbled. Hyenas were squabbling over something in the direction of the dump site, and a lone jackal called. These were natural sounds and part of life in the bush. It wasn't that. He looked at the tritium tubes on his Traser and noted that it was 3.30 in the morning.
Houdi wasn't in his bed in the corner, but that was par for the course. After having repaired numerous slashed mosquito screens Michael had, after a protracted battle, convinced Houdi to use the doggie trapdoor instead of taking short cut through the nearest screen every time he wanted out or in.
Michael noticed he was wet with sweat, walked out through the screen door and sat down on the steps, cooling in the slight breeze.
Then he heard it from across the river somewhere: a sound unlike anything he had ever heard before, something that stirred a primal fear deep in his subconscious mind. It was something between a scream of fury and a mighty roar. Hearing it gave him goose bumps. He knew every animal sound in the bush, but he had absolutely no idea what that was. At the same time Houdi came rushing round the corner of the house, all hairy and growling. He pressed his flank against Michael's body as if he were either protecting him or seeking protection. He kept growling softly, peering in the direction of the river. Michael had never seen anything elicit this kind of reaction from Houdi. And he had seen him facing down a lion at short distance.
With dawn approaching he headed for the bathroom. The fact that he had to shave practically every third day or so had him pretty chuffed. What did lie in front of him like a mountain was the fact that he had to pack his own lunch. Both his mom and Linda bluntly refused to make sandwiches before first light: after all, if a man could shave, he could pack his own lunch.
Michael always took his trusty 7.62 mm R1 assault rifle into the bush with him. Thinking back to that unearthly roar he picked the scoped .375 H&H Magnum for today's bridge duty. Not exactly a sniping rifle, but it could knock an elephant back on its haunches.
With a soft click of the tongue he called Houdi and headed for the truck.
*****

Chapter Five
Having worked late into the night, they were ready to roll by 9 AM, a full day ahead of schedule. It had been a pleasure switching on 10 000 Watt lights where-ever and whenever needed. The Skukuza crowd exalted in it - their spotlights were the only proper lights they had seen in many years.
Sam was reluctant to divide his forces, but Fix had convinced him that it was essential to check the high tension cables and transformers all the way back to Skukuza. In order to do this he intended taking Franco and two more armed men in the Ratel and follow the pylons from the substation at Komatipoort. There used to be a fire break for the use of the linesmen maintaining the grid but that would probably be heavily overgrown by now, hence the request for the armoured six-wheel-drive Ratel. It could bull-doze its way through practically anything. There not being any power on the grid they could do repairs and isolate the Skukuza line from the rest of the National grid in preparation for what they hoped to be 'power day' sometime in the future. Might take them a couple of days to get back to Skukuza, but they had enough provisions and spares. Sam reluctantly agreed, and passing through Komatipoort the Ratel peeled off and headed for the substation while the rest of the convoy continued on its way.
Maria had taken Sam's place in the helicopter, and Domingo was with Sam in the cab of the lead truck.
The two men had been talking through most of the night, and Sam was more than happy with the new augmentations to the Skukuza clan. Four of the new people had some difficulty with the English language, and only one seemed seriously ill. With proper nutrition and medication the rest appeared to be well on their way to a full recovery.
"In the beginning I suppose it was the same everywhere," Domingo continued the conversation. "Looting, killing, raping, everybody trying to grab anything they could get their hands on. The population declined rapidly, and the pattern changed. The area was very sparsely populated in the first place, not producing anything but electricity. As even game got scarcer, people started moving off, looking for greener pastures. We had to resort to trapping rodents and living off what the veld had to offer. As I said, Philemon, who used to be a lowly spanner-boy probably kept the lot of us alive. Apparently he grew up in the wilderness and has an intimate knowledge of the bush. Always managed to find some edible roots and berries and things. Some of those things, I might add, even included insects."
"Well, you can all look forward to a much better life in Skukuza. At present we are mostly a farming community. Just outside the Kruger Park there used to be a strong farming association called Lisbon Estates. The fact that we could procure young fruit trees from there put us years ahead. We've got citrus, avocado, mango, just about everything suitable to the climate. Kruger having been a nature reserve, there is more than enough game to augment meat supplies, and we have water in abundance - enough to even irrigate our crops. If we can get your electricity to Skukuza we can industrialise: the Parks Board had workshops you wouldn't believe, and we added anything we could scrounge."
"Sounds very much like Paradise. Do you have any security problems?"
"We remain alert and prepared, but over the last year or two the problem seems to have sorted itself out. Looks like there are simply no looters left."
Sam pointed out the spot where they had found the plane wreck two days ago.
Domingo perked up. "Was it a King Air?" he asked.
Sam looked at him. "You know about it?"
"Yes, probably the same one. There's a long landing strip at Ressano Garcia that was used during the construction of the site. A King Air landed there out of the blue some two months ago. We hadn't seen an aeroplane for years, and thought it was going to be our salvation." He sighed.
"What happened?"
"Only two men got out. They had that hard military look about them and had a nasty attitude. They wanted to trade food for fuel. When we told them we didn't have any they pulled out pistols and searched the whole facility without asking for permission. They found nothing they wanted, got back into the aeroplane without a further word and took off. Had a weird-looking antenna or something bolted onto the nose of the aeroplane - looked like an ancient TV antenna."
"Weird," Sam said. "Direction?"
"No idea which direction they came from - from a plane those wind turbines can probably be seen from thirty kilometres away. When they took off again they seemed to be heading straight into the Park. Probably Skukuza, or Hoedspruit.

The Ratel made short work of the erosion damage and young saplings on the service road. The electricity company had kept these roads well gravelled and maintained, and even a soft 4x4 vehicle would have coped. The further they travelled, the more optimistic Fix and Franco became. They stopped and inspected every transformer and substation along their route. Some repairs and maintenance was called for, but so far they hadn't encountered anything they wouldn't be able to handle. Severe thunder storms were common in summer, and most of the damage had been caused by lightning.
They spotted the nests of several cranes and other birds on the pylons, but these were no real threat and would be removed later. The barbed wire installed halfway up the pylons to discourage baboons was still in place on every pylon.
They had isolated the Skukuza line from the National grid at Komatipoort, and along the way they also isolated it wherever it branched off to other rest camps like Crocodile Bridge and Lower Sabi.
"Our main artery seems to be in good shape," Franco remarked.
"Yeah, absolutely no visible damage to either the pylons or the cables. If we can get the power to Skukuza, how long can we keep it going for?"
"Indefinitely as long as we can maintain the infrastructure and have sufficient spares," Franco replied. "And if your workshops are as well-equipped as you say, we can probably manufacture what we might run out of. As far as the turbines themselves are concerned, they have been designed to be practically maintenance free. Besides, if one does pack up, we simply activate the next one. We've got enough of them to last a millennium."
"There's still a mountain of stuff stored in the hangars at Hoedspruit Air Force Base. Having 220 Volt Alternating Current will change a lot of things and we'll need to re-think our inventory. Air conditioners, washing machines... you name it. I cannot help but wonder how people are faring elsewhere, like in the cities. Surely there must be other groups out there getting their act together."
"Sam said ours was the only radio signal you've ever received, which makes it unlikely that anyone else is making any real progress."
"Unless..." Fix said, a chill creeping up his spine as something occurred to him. "Unless there's someone out there who also prefers to listen while maintaining radio silence."
"Well Sam did the right thing by not revealing his hand until he knew everything about us."
"Yeah, exactly. And we've been saturating the ether with our radio signals over the last couple of days. Who knows if there's anyone out there listening?"
*
Michael was idly watching a herd of elephant drinking on the opposite bank. A troop of vervet monkeys were frolicking in the giant water fig trees above them. At this time of the year the figs were ripe, and there was food in abundance. What the elephants couldn't reach they picked up from the forest floor like giant vacuum cleaners. The capering of the monkeys also helped by sending down ripe figs like giant raindrops.
Watching the antics of the monkeys could keep one occupied for hours. Michael, with his intimate knowledge of all things living, loved these little cousins of man. He spent many an evening poring through the stacks of CD's and DVD's in the library at the admin building. As a result he knew that vervet monkeys have been noted as having very human-like characteristics such as hypertension and anxiety. They even shared mankind's penchant for social and dependent alcohol use. In late summer, when the marula fruit lay fermenting under the trees, it was not uncommon to see a variety of animals staggering around slightly sloshed.
An ear-splitting waaaugh! set off a lot of squealing and chattering as the vervets reluctantly vacated the festive table for their larger relatives, a troop of chacma baboons. These belong to the only other ape family indigenous to Southern Africa. They are the largest of all monkeys, with males weighing up to 45 kg. Equipped with four 'hands' and 4cm fangs, this is a formidable adversary for even an adult leopard. They live mainly off fruit and insects, but were known for predating on the new-born of especially the smaller antelope species.

As of three days ago all the radios in Skukuza had been patched through to enable everyone to stay in touch with Sam's expedition. Idle chatter was frowned upon, but Michael nevertheless opened the channel on his hand-held and triggered the transmit switch.
"Dad, do you read me?"
Sam responded immediately. "Clear. Problems?"
"No, not really. When will you be back?"
"I take that for a 'yes, but not urgent'. Can it hold till late afternoon? We're making very good time here."
Michael was elated. "Yay! You're on your way back already?"
"Fill you in later. Tell Mom to cook up a storm - we're having some pretty hungry guests for dinner. Including ourselves."
Michael was feeling mighty relieved as he picked up the binoculars and continued scanning the bush on the opposite bank. The elephants had left and the baboons were settling down to a leisurely lunch. All the activity had been totally ignored by Houdi, snoozing in the shade of a nearby shrub.
*****

Chapter Six
Lance had been spending months building an upgraded version of his eavesdropping computer. The older one had an irritating glitch right from the start and the new version should eliminate that annoyance.
He cursed under his breath when he discovered the glitch had not only persisted, but gotten worse.
There sometimes used to be slight interference on a certain wavelength, which he ascribed to background radiation from solar flares or some other cosmic source. It used to be seldom and intermittent, but irritating nevertheless. It was of the same strength with his new equipment, but now appeared to be practically continuous, setting off false alarms. He frowned at the bandwidth and took his project back to the drawing board.
*
World President Mabo Zumpopo used to be Minister of Science in the old South Africa. When the ruling president of the country became an AIDS statistic Mabo started eliminating any possible opposition even before AIDS got to them. An opportunity was an opportunity, and Mabo had never been one to let something pass him by.
He was one of the lucky few who seemed to be immune to the disease, and he systematically started bringing other useful survivors into the fold. Due to the scarcity of resources, he picked them with care. Mostly soldiers, bodyguards and scientists. In the process he probably executed a lot of people who could later have proved very useful, but insight had never been his strong point and his criteria left a lot to be desired. With the tunnel vision typical of African dictators he firmly believed that as long as you had the strongest army and the most firepower, you ruled. As far as he was concerned he was already ruling the world, but he was chasing that elusive dream of the invincible army.
The military base of Waterkloof, just outside the city of Pretoria, was a beehive of activity. "I demand to know what is going on there!" Mabo was ranting and it wasn't a good time for eye contact. He was a huge man with a countenance as dark as the far side of the moon and just as pitted. In his sumptuous office with him were Captain Manie Meintjies and two scientific advisors.
Captain Meintjies had always been captain Meintjies, bluntly refusing to be promoted to Major General Meintjies. Mabo had correctly identified him right from the start as the man who knew his way around the base, and who could make anything work around here. He didn't like Meintjies but he was shrewd enough to realise that he had no choice but to put up with him.
Meintjies, on the other hand, loathed Mabo. To him Mabo was the personification of the curse of Africa. He was a user and a wrecker. Mabo and all his blueprints that had preceded him had never in the history of Africa achieved anything constructive. They had never designed anything or built anything. It was because of the likes of him that this has always been and will forever be the Dark Continent. Meintjies also knew that he had zero options. There was simply nothing and no-one left in the city out there, and the chances of survival on one's own were non-existent. He simply had to make sure he remained irreplaceable.
"Mr President, all we can say with certainty is that there is a powerful radio transmitter out there somewhere. More than one, in fact. Sounds like one at Skukuza in the Kruger National Park and one at the power station at Ressano Garcia in Mozambique."
"So find out what the hell is going on. What do they know? Do they have our aeroplane?"
"Very likely they know nothing, Sir. As you are aware we have been monitoring those radios since we picked them up three days ago and will keep on doing so. Up to now it has only been about vacating the power station and bringing the people to Skukuza."
"And you are very sure they are not aware of us?"
"Positive. All our coms are on a secure military band. They don't even know there is anyone else on the air."
Mabo's brow furrowed. "So how do we find out without talking to them? And we have to continue the search. The other plane not ready yet?"
"The plane is not the problem, Sir. As I said, we are trying to get the fuel up to standard. The antennas have been installed and everything is in perfect working order. As soon as the techs give us the green light on the fuel we're ready to go."
"What does Small have to say?"
Professor James Small had been discovered holed up on the campus of the CSIR (The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research) with a surviving secretary. The fact that he had been at the helm of the Chimera project saved their lives and ensured the continuance of their 'honeymoon.'
"Small still maintains that it is not possible. They lost all contact with the Chimera project three years ago. Nothing left but a dream."
Mabo's ham-like fist slammed down on the desk with enough force to fell an ox. "If I say it is possible then it is possible! Make it happen. I want that plane in the air. I want that monkey! And before you continue the search I want the plane to fly over Skukuza and tell me what they see."
*
Fix and Domingo pulled into Skukuza two hours after Sam's convoy, just as dusk was falling. Michael was hard on the heels of the Ratel, grateful to see the end of another boring day of baby-sitting.
Happy greetings and introductions were the order of the day.
Sam, knowing his son all too well, called Michael aside. "Talk to me, Son. What seems to be the problem?"
Michael told him in detail about the calf that had disappeared and about the strange sound he had heard the previous night.
"So what do you think?" Sam asked.
"Dad, I really don't know what to think. There's something strange going on and I haven't got a clue what it is."
Sam shrugged. "We're already posting perimeter guards, so there's not much more we can do except stay alert. I think we should give the caves a skip tomorrow - the stuff that's still left there isn't really of much value. Fix can service the vehicles tomorrow while we review the Hoedspruit inventory with Franco and Domingo. If it seems worthwhile we can head that way the day after tomorrow."
"Well, instead of me just hanging around while you're working on the inventory and Fix on the vehicles, why don't I take some guys and go check out the Nwanetzi area? If there are other people roaming around in the bush we need to know about them."
Sam gave this some thought. I was essential that they were aware if anyone else was about. But they could be armed, and it could be dangerous. On the other hand, if they had been intent on harming Michael and his small working party, they have had ample opportunity. And he knew Michael's capabilities.
"Good idea," he said. "Take Aaron and six more men in three bakkies. If there's anyone out there, they will be on foot.
*
Michael was driving the lead truck, Houdi heavy on his shoulders as usual. Anton was in the passenger seat still babbling about the Ressano Garcia adventure, and the possibilities unlimited electricity would present.
"Can you imagine all the exciting trips we'll have to make to Nelspruit and other places?" Michael said, getting caught up in the enthusiastic visions.
"For what?" Anton asked, slightly perplexed.
"Steel, for starters."
"Steel?"
"That's one thing nobody has thought of stockpiling because no-one ever thought there might be a need for it. But if we get the workshops up and running, we are going to need a lot of steel to build things and to make things. Can you imagine Fix getting to work with all those lathes and fancy machinery he is forever drooling over? We're going to need lots of steel and a lot of other goodies for the workshops. Lots of trips, lots of exploring."
"Yeah man," Anton mused. "Who knows what we'll find out there..."
Michael stopped at the turnoff to the caves and got out to ask Aaron's advice. It was decided that Aaron and his two best trackers would proceed on foot from here on, scanning either side of the track for any signs of human presence. The three trucks would keep pace with them, and they would have a brunch when they got to the caves. Both Michael and Aaron had been keeping a sharp eye out for an overhanging branch sturdy enough to have ripped the kudu carcass of the truck, but there had been nothing remotely thick enough.
The recent rains had washed away all the signs of their previous visit, which made the patrol that much easier. It was always easy to spot human disturbance in unspoilt wilderness. Man had the ability to make his presence stick out like a sore thumb.
Right up to the caves there had been no trace of humans. Here the area became rocky and there was less chance of tracks, but they remained on the lookout for other signs, of which they also found none. On their previous visit Michael had doused their cooking fire at the mouth of the cave when they left, and even the remains of that seemed undisturbed.
By mid-afternoon they headed back home without having found any trace of human presence. On the way back they stopped every so often to do spot checks in the bush on either side of the road. All they learnt was that it had rained only as far as the Sand River. The summer rains were not in full swing yet.
*
When they arrived at Hoedspruit AFB at 9AM the next morning Sam was happy to find everything exactly as they had left it. "Now that's a good sign," he said while inspecting the locks and windows. "Most definitely no human presence here."
When he opened the first hangar Domingo let out a low whistle.
"I know from the inventory that you have a lot of things here, but this is... well awesome." He waved his hand in the direction of the other five hangars. "And those, too?"
"Yes," Sam said. "And over there, under those tarpaulins, and then some store rooms too. Good thing we catalogued it all, otherwise we would have been here for weeks. The hangars on the other side still have aeroplanes, vehicles and other rubbish in them. Didn't have the time to sift through those too. Maybe we can come back another time and go through those."
Fix had difficulty starting one of the forklifts and while he was tinkering with it Sam and Domingo proceeded to mark the crates and pallets to be loaded with chalk.
They had five trucks to be loaded, and they were well over the halfway mark when darkness descended.
After dinner Sam drew up a guard roster and they all headed into the nearest barrack. A little over an hour later the ear-splitting snoring of one of their new Portuguese members drove most of them to the next barrack. "Jeez," Sam whispered to Michael, "you sure that wasn't what you heard the other night?"
Michael sniggered. "We must just make sure he chooses a hut right on the edge of Skukuza, otherwise we'll have a riot."

The next morning by 9AM the temperature was soaring past 38 degrees Celsius and it had all the makings for another sweltering day. The Ratel and the trucks that were already loaded were parked in the shade inside one of the hangars. The last truck was being loaded in another hangar.
Without warning, a single-engine turboprop aeroplane thundered over the hangars, low enough to make everyone duck instinctively.
"Shit!" Sam screamed, running for the Ratel. "Everyone take cover!"
When Sam got to the Ratel Fix was already in the turret, cocking the .50 Browning. "Sonofabitch, where did he come from? Looks like a Pilatus PC12. Nice machine."
"Military?"
"Nah, civilian. Got something attached to the nose, but it's definitely not any sort of armament I've ever seen."
"Let's hope so. We don't need another bloody war."
They watched with trepidation as the plane banked and came in for another pass.
"If he as much as looks aggressive shoot the shit out of him" Sam said.
"I'm damn sure he hasn't seen us." Fix kept the plane in his sights as it made a second pass. The machine banked again and lowered its landing gear as it approached the only remaining runway.
"Bugger is landing. For his sake I hope he's got a sturdy undercarriage, with all the potholes and rubbish."
They watched as the plane bounced twice before putting on the brakes. It taxied to within a hundred yards of them and turned around, facing the runway before shutting down.
In the ensuing silence someone got up and made as if to approach the plane.
"Stay under cover, everyone!" Sam shouted. "Let them come to us."
"Fix, how many seats?"
"Probably room for eight to ten, depending. Wonder if it's the same crowd who had the King."
The door opened and steps swung down. "They sure like traveling in style," Sam remarked.
Two burly black men in camo and a skinny white civilian descended. The big ones were clearly military and were both carrying assault rifles as well as side-arms. They headed straight in the direction of the Ratel, still blissfully unaware that they weren't alone. With the bright glare of the sun on the concrete it would not be possible to see into the gloom through the partially open door of the hangar.
"Stop right there and lay down your arms!" Sam shouted. The clearly shocked trio stopped for a moment and a whispered argument ensued.
"We will not harm you," the skinny guy shouted.
"If you do not put all your guns on the ground in five seconds we will harm you!" Sam shouted back.
The trio had another whispered argument.
"Look closely at each other!" Sam shouted. "You will notice red laser dots all over you. You have two seconds left."
The soldiers glanced down at each other's torsos, dropped their rifles and got rid of their pistols as fast as they could, lifting their hands above their heads.
"Easy, easy, we come in peace", Skinny said, approaching the hangar door. Being blinded by the glare coming off the concrete he had difficulty trying to see into the shade of the hangar. His jaw dropped when he saw the armoured Ratel.
"If you ever try a pass like that over us again you will come in plenty of pieces," Fix said.
"Yes, well, sorry. We were just so happy to see a runway that still seemed to be serviceable. I am Doctor James Small."
"And your mates?" Sam enquired, not missing Small's body language of dismissal of his accomplices. To compound it Small accentuated his body language with a hand signal 'of no consequence.'
"Where are you from and what are you doing here?" Sam asked.
"Well..." He was hesitant, as if choosing his words very carefully. "We're from Nelspruit..." He instinctively knew that if he said Pretoria, which was five hundred kilometres distant, he would never be able to lie himself out of this one. He could kick himself for missing the Ratel and the other trucks in the hangar. And all the people that were now surrounding them. They were vastly outnumbered, and he knew it was touch and go or he wouldn't be allowed to fly out of here again today. He was sorely tempted to spill the truth, have his guards arrested or shot, and join this group that was evidently thriving and under good leadership. But he knew he would then never see his woman again and he didn't want to contemplate life without her.
"Bullshit - there's nothing left at Nelspruit."
"The city itself is a goner. But we're still making ends meet out at the airport. As you know it used to be surrounded by productive farms, so we're still hanging on by our fingernails. But we don't have an infrastructure and we don't have water nearby. We're looking for somewhere to settle permanently." Warming to his subject, he felt he was beginning to sound convincing. "We checked out the Middelburg and Witbank areas and then came here directly." He was describing a route that would not have taken them anywhere near Skukuza. If this guy knew they had discovered his den they would definitely not be allowed to leave. "So next we decided to come and take a look at Hoedspruit. From the look of the town itself it seems there has been a bloody war here. The whole place has been bombed to rubble. So I don't see much of a future here either."
Sam was aware that Waldeck's two planes had been using the town for bombing practice prior to attacking Skukuza during the war.
Sam was looking at him sceptically. "And that contraption on the nose of your plane?"
Small shrugged. "I don't know what it's for. Inherited it with the plane. There are several more standing around at the airport: I think they probably belonged to some aerial survey company or something.
"Give us a minute," Sam said and called Fix and Domingo to one side.
"The fucker is lying," Fix hissed. "I don't know what his game is, but if we let him go we'll run the risk of them finding Skukuza sooner or later. Those two goons with him spell trouble. They're nothing but clowns in camo, but they smell of a militant set-up."
"I agree," Sam said. "We don't need another militant lunatic like Waldeck. I don't want this lot around Skukuza, so we can't take them as prisoners. But there's no way I'm just going to kill them either."
"I do not think we have any choice," Domingo said. "We cannot let them go. They will keep snooping, and at some stage they will find Skukuza. Who knows how many people they will then want to bring in? Or even take over?"
"Disabling their plane and simply leaving them here is as good as killing them. But then, we never invited them here in the first place," Fix said. "Their whole story stinks to high heaven."
Sam was reluctant to stoop so low as to kill people simply because they might be a threat. But he was responsible for the wellbeing of a lot of people. "Fix, there's still eight Cactus SAM's in the inventory. Bring me one please."
"Eh? What the f..."
"Just bring me one, please. There may be a half-assed solution to this."
Two years ago Waldeck had twenty of these deadly missiles in his arsenal. He had needed only two to bring down both Skukuza's Puma helicopters, killing both General Richardson and Sam's best friend Louis Steyn in the process. On their previous visit to the AFB Sam had taken ten missiles back to Skukuza, just in case they ever needed to defend themselves against another aerial attack.
As Fix came trotting up with a fairly heavy looking case on his shoulder, Sam motioned the three visitors to stand closer. "Let's cut the crap and get a couple of things straight. Listen, and listen very carefully. Who-ever your boss is, make very sure he understands the whole of the big picture. The Kruger National Park is our territory. The whole of it - all twenty thousand square kilometres. If any of your planes should ever enter our airspace, you will be shot down without warning." He decided not to mention the wrecked King Air. Opening the box, he showed them the missile resting in its launching tube. "In case you are not familiar with the shoulder-launch version of the Cactus missile: It is a launch-and-forget missile. It doesn't miss. Ever. We've got lots. Send anything into our airspace, and it will go down in flames."
"What if the boss wants to talk, or trade or something? How will he get to you?"
"He will not get to us. Not in one piece, anyway. We will get to him. If he decides to come in by road, tell him we've got anti-tank mines on all our approaches. Before he enters any of the minefields there will be a warning sign with a radio frequency. Tell him to be sure not to miss any of the signs. Any questions?"
"Uhh... yeah, some time ago one of our aircraft disappeared over the Park - you didn't by any chance... uh... come across it?"
"It did violate our airspace, didn't it?" Sam countered.
"I see. Yes, well... You didn't happen to come across anything strange in the Park, by any chance?"
Sam frowned. "Strange, like what?"
Small seemed flustered, gesticulating vaguely with this hands. "Strange, like... Well, there's a rumour that something went wrong at one of the nuclear facilities when the troubles started, and there's been a radio-active leak, causing all sorts of mutations."
"Utter bullshit, man. What have you been smoking? The nearest nuclear facility is Pelindaba, six hundred clicks away. Besides, mutations have to be born and grow up - we haven't seen any baby monsters waddling about in the woods, if that's what you mean. I think you'd better get on your plane and leave. You're nuts."
"Yeah, sure. Thanks."
"Careful with those rifles now," Sam warned as the goons collected their arms. "There's a .50 Browning aimed at you and your plane."
Small lifted his hand in greeting as he headed for the plane.
"And on second thoughts" Sam shouted after him, "there won't be any warnings at the mine fields - we're removing them. Stay away from us and stay out of the Park!"
Another wave. "Bloody lunatics," Sam mumbled. "Leave the rest of the stuff. We're moving out the minute they're gone."
"They might turn back to see which way we're going," someone remarked.
"Not a chance. They had a good look at that missile. They want to be as far away as possible in as little time as possible."
As if underscoring this statement the Pilatus banked sharply the moment it left the runway and turned directly away from the direction of the Park.

On the drive back Sam had Fix, Domingo and Michael travel with him in the Ratel. "Very strange and disturbing incident. Any thoughts?"
"Yeah," Fix was first to react. "The bugger was lying through his teeth. About everything. They're searching for something that can be picked up with their antenna, same as the King Air. I cannot even begin to guess what it might be. And they sure as hell didn't come from Nelspruit. Both planes were fairly big, long-range models. And the goons were body guards. I had the impression there was a lot more he would have liked to tell us. 'Doctor' my ass - he acted like a simpleton"
Sam laughed. "Lots of academics act like simpletons."
"Dad, what he said about the mutations, is that possible?" Michael had goose bumps thinking back to that screaming roar he had heard.
"Not a chance in a million, Michael. A mutation happens in a gene, in the DNA. The manifestation is in the offspring. That takes a generation. That, at least, is the way I understand it. We'll ask Maria or one of the medics when we get back. Any other thoughts?"
"We must immediately start hardening our defences," Fix said. "At some stage they are bound to get wind of what we're doing at Skukuza, and judging by the looks of them they'll want to take it away from us."
"Yeah. For now we'll just keep the fake landmine and booby trap signs up on the approach roads. I still prefer to bluff that one out. If we really lay mines we're bound to blow up some elephants and such, which we decided long ago is unacceptable. But our fence can do with some beefing up. I want you to start working on some ideas on that, Fix. Once we have the turbine power up and running we can beef it up some more. But that's long term."
They drove on in silence, thankful that none of the vehicles had started acting up over the last few busy days.
"I'd like to know where their base is," Sam mused.
"If they're flying around in planes they surely must have radios. Why haven't we ever heard anything?" Michael asked.
"Very valid point," Domingo said. "The moment we started broadcasting you picked it up instantly. Why haven't you ever picked up anything from these people?"
"Fix?"
"Buggered if I know. That's one for Lance to chew on."
"Speaking of which, maybe we should let him know all went well and we're on our way back." Sam picked up the mike and called Skukuza. Silence. He frowned at the lack of response and everyone started looking worried.
"What the hell?" Sam said and called again. There was a burst of static, followed by Lance coming through loud and clear.
"Sam do you copy?"
"What the hell happened to the radio?"
"Sorry about that. I was working on it and got back on the air as quickly as I could. We were buzzed by a plane about ninety minutes ago."
The stunned silence in the vehicle lasted a few seconds as the reality and possible consequences sank in.
"Fuck!" Sam exclaimed. "They knew about Skukuza! If I'd known that I would have blown them up with their bloody plane."
"Yeah," Fix remarked laconically. "Told you years ago nice guys get pissed on."
Sam pretended not to hear and was back on the radio. "Were you able to identify the plane Lance?"
"Linda tells me it was a Pilatus PC 12."
"Is she with you?"
"I'm here, Sam," came Linda's clear voice. "Pilatus PC 12 turboprop, cruising speed 500 kilometres per hour, range close to three thousand kilometres. Seats six to twelve. The pilot was either very good or exceptionally lucky. The way he flew the plane I would be inclined to classify him as recklessly stupid."
"Low-level?"
"Both in altitude and attitude. I think he pruned some trees in the process."
Sam could not help grinning through his fury. "How many passes?"
"He circled and buzzed us for a good ten minutes. He made sure he got a good look at everything. I think if he was using a camera or video, which is more than likely, he can now draw a blueprint of Skukuza."
Sam released the broadcast button and said "fuck!" again, putting some real feeling into it this time. Then he addressed Moya once more: "Moya what are the chances of dusting off one of these Harvards at Hoedspruit AFB again and getting it going?"
"Less than nil, and useless besides. I can't fly them, and even though it used to be a fighter plane, albeit ancient, it won't get near a Pilatus. It would be like a '55 Pontiac chasing a Ferrari up Chapman's Peak."
"Never mind. We will set up the SAMs. In the meantime, have someone park a couple of big trucks on the runway. Make sure nothing can land there. And have someone start filling sand bags and packing them at the entrance gate. Looks like we'll have to break out the heavy stuff again."
"Willdo. Lance wants another word. Drive safely."
"Sam, Aaron came storming in here earlier this morning, looking like he'd seen a ghost. Wanted to know when you'd be back. You had better go see him immediately when you arrive. The man was in quite a state."
"Any idea what it's about?"
"He was totally clammed up - just wanted to see you. Always known him to be totally unflappable, but something sure flapped the hell out of him this morning."
"Please ask him to wait for me at the office. I'll be back in two hours."
As silence descended on the hot interior of the humming Ratel, Sam had an ominous sense of dèja vu.
*****

Chapter Seven
Aaron bluntly refused to give Sam the faintest clue: he had to see for himself. They were heading in the direction where the calf had disappeared, and Michael was beginning to feel the onset of a nasty sense of foreboding. He glanced at Houdi, who was happily jogging along with his rolling gait, seemingly quite relaxed.
The cattle had not been back this way since the incident, but there was quite a lot of fresh game tracks overlaying the tracks of the cattle.
"I came here at sunrise to see if I could find any clues," Aaron said as he traversed the dry riverbed and entered the bush on the far side. Aaron was clearly scared out of his wits. Sam had known this man for more than twenty years, and had never seen him display the slightest hint of fear under even the most dangerous circumstances. He stopped at a low thorny shrub and parted the low-hanging branches, pointing at the ground. Sam and Michael bent down and inspected the area closely, seeing nothing. Sam vaguely discerned something that could be interpreted as a footprint, but it was way too big for that.
"What is it, Aaron?"
"Hau, Nkosi, you tell me what it is!"
Aaron hadn't called Sam Nkosi in years. Sam had insisted that he stopped calling him in the Shangaan manner of addressing a superior, and call him by the name instead.
Sam pointed at the ground. "But I don't see anything!"
"Eish Nkosi, all these years and you still cannot read!" Without touching the sand, Aaron outlined the vague partial footprint with his forefinger. Then he plucked a barely visible tuft of hair from one of the thorns and held it up for Sam to inspect. Houdi had come ambling up and was sniffing around to see what all the excitement was about. He promptly went hairy, started snarling, and backed off on stiff legs. Aaron was looking at Sam with an expression of 'I told you so'.

The three of them had retired to Sam's office after Sam had discussed the security improvements to be orchestrated by Fix. When Fix had enquired about the reason for Aaron's state of anxiety Sam told him he'd explain later.
Aaron got up to make sure the office door was properly closed. He had just sat down when he had to get up again to open it for Houdi who had been on the verge of commencing to claw his way through.
"Are you very sure about that, Aaron? I could barely make out anything. The soil is soft and much time has passed..."
"Nkosi it was as clear as daylight."
"So what the hell made the print?"
"I do not know, Nkosi. I have never seen anything like it. Also, my wives heard a strange animal on the night we were in Garcia."
"I heard it too," Michael said. "Across the river somewhere. It only roared once, but it was unlike any roar I have ever heard. It was more like a lion trying to scream."
What little colour had remained on Aaron's dark Shangaan face had now drained completely and he looked positively ashen.
"You OK Aaron?" Sam was leaning across his desk, real concern on his face. Aaron had the countenance of someone having an acute heart attack or a cerebral incident. Both Sam and Michael were well aware that superstition and folklore were deeply rooted in the indigenous people of Africa. All their lives they had made a point of never belittling or scoffing at these beliefs. This was serious stuff.
Aaron was petrified.
"Talk to me Aaron. We have been friends for many years. We have faced many dangers together. What is it about this that scares you so?"
"Hau, Nkosi. Our forefathers taught us about the Tokoloshe. We believe in this." He was squirming uncomfortably in his chair, like a woman having to reveal her most intimate secrets.
Sam knew about the mythical Tokoloshe. He was supposed to be a mischievous dwarf, terrifying people at night. Even well into the twentieth century rural locals still placed bricks under the legs of their beds in order to get high enough off the ground, where the Tokoloshe couldn't reach them in their sleep. But there was another, less well-known creature of the night in the folklore. A famous twentieth century Afrikaans poet wrote about him: Raka, the huge man-ape who would sneak into the villages in the dead of night, abducting young maidens. According to folklore the women were strangely amenable.
Raka lived mostly in the rivers and the swamps, swimming like an otter. He was said to be immensely strong, and could kill a buffalo with his hands.
"I know about the Tokoloshe, Aaron. But he is supposed to be a dwarf-like creature. This footprint was huge."
"Yes, but there was another one, the name of which must never cross our lips."
"You are talking about Raka. Our forefathers also talked about something they called a water-baboon. These are only scare-stories and myths, and there has never been a single shred of proof. I'm sorry, but with apologies to all our ancestors, I don't believe any of it."
"Hau, Nkosi..."
"Well Dad then how do you explain the kudu and the calf? And the footprint and the call in the night?" Michael asked. "Aaron's wives also heard it."
"I simply don't know. There must be a logical explanation which we just fail to grasp right now. Or several different explanations, for that matter. All of this is not necessarily linked."
Aaron was looking pained and Michael sceptical.
"And what about Houdi? He sensed something."
Sam pushed back his chair and got up, signalling the end of the meeting. "Both of you are great hunters and excellent shots. If you see it, shoot it and show it to me - then I will believe it. Whatever it is, it sure as hell won't be bullet proof. In the meantime keep this to yourselves - I don't want everyone scared out of their wits by ghost stories. We've got a lot of work to do."
*
As soon as they were out of his office Sam fished the tuft of hair out of his shirt pocket, careful not to lose any. He sealed it in an envelope and went looking for Franco's wife Maria.
He found her in the pig pen, drawing blood from one of the animals. He grinned at the sight of her doing battle with her uncooperative patient that was being held down by two of the assistants she had commandeered.
"Ho Maria! I see you've dived straight into the deep end!" he said with a chuckle.
She stood up, wiping the sweat off her brow with a forearm and smiled."
"It's good to be working again. I must compliment you on all your livestock. The sties, the pens, the kraal - everything is meticulously clean and the animals well cared for. Looks rather like a boutique farm. The animals all seem to be in first class condition."
"With everything crammed into as little space as possible we are rather paranoid about disease. Very happy to have you aboard - no-one here knows much about veterinary diseases. The other doctors will be happy to be relieved of veterinary duty."
"Too many doctors around with too few patients to care for. I will still keep them busy, if it's OK with you?"
"Of course. In this clan, everybody pitches in with whatever needs to get done. No-on here has much of a job description."
"Only way to make it work," she said as she exited the sty and washed her hands at a nearby tap. "You cannot imagine what the luxury of running water means to us. Thanks again for rescuing us - you won't be sorry."
"I wonder if I could ask you a favour," he said indicating a nearby building. "I assume you have already found the veterinary lab."
"Last time I saw such a well-equipped lab was at university. It was in one hell of a state of disarray, but we've been working on that for a full two days. Already beginning to look better." She seemed very pleased with herself as she led him into the building.
Sam was surprised to see Linda and Mathilde hard at work getting rid of the dust that had settled on everything over the years. "Hello girls, glad to see someone got you to do something useful at last!"
They both squealed with joy at seeing him and descended on him with hugs and kisses.
"Hello Daddy!" Linda exclaimed as she threw her arms around his neck.
Mathilde did likewise, squealing "Uncle Sam, we hardly see you anymore!"
Every time she called him 'uncle' it fanned the coals of his guilt. Only he and Dr Mocke knew that he was this beautiful child's biological father. And that was the way it was going to stay - he will just have to learn to live with his guilt and endure his scorching conscience.
He hardly recognised the lab. The veterinary facility had been mostly in disuse over the last three years. In most areas it was already shining and beginning to look like a truly professional set-up. Sam indicated the microscope bench, and the girls tagged along eagerly.
"You girls carry on with the cleaning, we've got some things to do," Sam said sternly.
"Oh come on Dad! We want to see."
"This is serious science stuff, Linda. You girls trot off now and get busy."
"But I love science stuff. We want to look in the microscopes," Linda complained. Typical of a small girl she managed to make it sound as if she was on the verge of breaking out in tears.
"Maria will make great scientists out of the two of you yet. But that will take many years of hard work, and we all have to start at the bottom. That corner over there still looks pretty dusty to me - better go see if you can do something about it."
The girls seemed to drag themselves off with stooped shoulders, groaning as if in great pain.
Maria was looking at Sam with her eyebrows halfway up to her hairline, saying nothing as he fished the envelope from his pocket.
"Can you tell me what animal these hair belong to?" he asked, handing her the envelope.
"Maybe not species-specific, but on genus level it should be straight-forward," she said.
As she switched on a laptop and the microscope, she fetched a stack of DVD'S from a cabinet.
"Where did you get that?" Sam asked.
"Laptops are a dime a dozen around here. The DVD's I found in Lance's library."
"Yeah, when we rescued Prof van Wijk's people from the Nelspruit library some two years ago they insisted we bring all their CD's and DVD's. Bloody truckload of the stuff. And books, hundreds of them. Had a pretty heated argument with his daughter Elsa in the process. For once I'm glad I backed off to her overbearing personality. Remind me to thank her sometime."
Maria chuckled. "Do I detect a sour note in there somewhere?"
Sam laughed. "No, not really. It all started when she threatened me with a shotgun. She still has a chip on her shoulder about that."
"Pray tell?"
"Some other time. First, you tell me about the hair."
The more she alternated between the microscope and the laptop, the deeper her frown got.
"This is weird," she said. "Where did you get it?"
"Long story. What is it?"
"Haven't got a clue, that's why I asked."
After fiddling with the oil immersion lens on the microscope for a while she let out a sigh of exasperation and pointed at a complex-looking piece of equipment. "If only we had decent electricity here we could have brought this baby into play."
"What is it?"
"A transmission electron microscope. I'm not familiar with the model but by the time the power arrives here I'll be clued up" she said, indicating a manual that resembled a telephone directory.
"And for now? Any ideas?"
"I'm sorry, but I can't even say whether this is human or animal. Never seen anything like it - it seems to be both."
Sam felt a shiver down his spine as he got up. "Not a word about this to anyone please. I'm deadly serious about that."
"Sounds rather ominous. I'll do some more work on it - will let you know if I find out anything more."
*****

Chapter Eight
They were watching the video Small had taken from the plane in Mabo's office for the third time.
"These people know what they're doing," remarked Meintjies. "They've made excellent use of existing infrastructure and they're well into building themselves a self-sustaining empire there. Good for them! Damn! And according to the radio info they'll soon be linking up the lot to the power station at Garcia. I would like to advise very strongly that we join forces with them, Mr President."
His enthusiasm was obviously not shared by Mabo, who had absolutely no intention of relinquishing his power. He was, after all, The World President. But he badly wanted what he saw, and he wanted Small's creation.
"What about the monkey?" he asked Small.
This once more elicited a sigh of despondence from Small.
"Mr President, Sir. As I have told you often, it was not a monkey. It wasn't even an ape. And the Chimera project ceased to exist years ago. It no longer exists. It is no more. There's nothing. You won't find anything out there in the bush. Nothing you can breed and train into a super army, anyway." He regretted the words the moment he spoke them. They have been over this ad nauseum.
Even though he had known it was coming, he still flinched as the fist slammed into the desktop.
"The facility just went off the air - nobody ever found out how or why! Everybody was too shit scared of mosquitos to go out to Orpen to find out what's happening!"
Mabo was referring to the top secret CSIR facility just outside the Kruger Park at Orpen gate. Even though Small was in charge of the Chimera project, he had spent most of his time in his lab at the campus, wrestling with recombinant DNA and split genes. He was aware that it had been Mabo's pet project when he was Minister of Science, and that he had spent a lot of time there, pestering the hands-on scientists. He was also aware of the utterly cruel approach Mabo had exhibited towards the experimental subjects. He had demanded miracles.
"Sir, the people died there like they died everywhere else. There was nothing sinister about it. The project was still years from completion."
"Do not argue with me. You were never there, so you did not know what was going on. You just find me the ape. Soon."
Small was boiling inside but knew better than to show even the slightest hint of his contempt.
Mabo turned to Meintjies. "How do we take Skukuza?"
"As doctor Small has explained, Mr President, Skukuza cannot be taken. Their defences are simply too good. And it's not as if we have any army to speak of."
Mabo seemed to be on the verge of throwing another tantrum. "They must have a weak spot somewhere. Study the intelligence that we have and report back to me in two days with a plan."
"Mr President, by road Skukuza is six hundred kilometres away. We don't have any idea what the roads look like or whom we might run into."
"There is nobody alive out there. Not one of the people on the plane saw a single person or any sign of life. Stop being afraid of ghosts," Mabo said.
"No-one on the plane saw any sign of life at Hoedspruit, and they landed their plane right up the muzzle of a Browning. Sir."
"You always see only problems instead of finding solutions! You're supposed to be running my bloody army. Go think of a solution and get back to me. Two days."
Mabo waved them out of his office like so many flies.
As soon as they were sure they were out of earshot Meintjies whispered to Small without looking in his direction. "We need to meet."
"My lab, midnight," Small whispered back.
"Not clandestinely - there are too many guards around. If he sniffs anything he'll come down on us like a ton of bricks. Openly. Office hours - the twit is more likely to accept that. Your lab 10AM tomorrow morning."

At 10AM sharp Meintjies walked into the lab. When Mabo's men had found Small still alive at the CSIR headquarters, he had him and all his equipment moved to Waterkloof.
Small and his 'assistant', the heavily pregnant Jolene, pretended to be busy with DNA sequences on endless reams of paper. She gave Meintjies a nod and left without a word. Small started folding up the paper. "Sorry about this. The idiot insists I do everything by hand."
Even though the generator in the basement had been running 24\7 Mabo firmly believed in being frugal with electricity. He was convinced that computers, centrifuges and everything else that he did not comprehend were electricity gluttons. All he really understood were his own luxuries like air conditioners, fridges and stoves.
"We need to get out of here if we want to survive," Meintjies said.
"Don't I know it," Small said dejectedly.
Meintjies took a writing pad out of his briefcase. There were several pages of notes and drawings of the camp at Skukuza. "I did these last night, just in case the bastard comes snooping. By now he has probably been informed about our meeting."
"Any idea how we can get out?"
"Simply getting out is easy. It's the staying alive part that is going to be problematic. The only way anyone is going to survive in the long term is to join something like the Skukuza clan. The biggest problem is that we can't communicate with them. The moment we make contact Mabo will pick it up on the military radio. Then there's the problem of getting there. And there's at least seven good people we can't leave here."
"Ugh," Small grunted, leaning back in his chair. "This is about staying alive. Surviving. Why can't the three of us load enough fuel and simply make a run for it?"
"Because we are not Mabo. He has only one concern in life: himself. I'm more concerned about mankind. We need every capable person we can get. People who can make a contribution to society, who can help with rebuilding society. Like your people downstairs - the fuel scientist, the engineers, the people with intellect."
Small wasn't convinced. "Charity begins at home," he said.
"Yeah? And just where is home?"
"Good point. But from where I stand I can't see even a glimmer of hope."
"You have a brilliant mind. Work on this: we need to devise a plan whereby we plot an undercover takeover of Skukuza. We need to convince Mabo to go with and take everybody. Otherwise, if he does not accompany us, he will hold hostages to ensure our return. We must make him understand there will be no coming back - we take over and stay. Somewhere along the line we contrive his demise."
"Don't underestimate the man. He is an uneducated idiot, but despite being a lowbrow ignoramus he is as shrewd as they come."
"I am fully aware of that. But he is also greedy. Butter him up with visions of power and glory and you'll have him eating out of your hand. Were you just listening on your antenna or did you record as well?"
"I've got digital recordings of the whole flight. Nothing."
"What happened when you overflew Skukuza?"
"A bit of background noise, probably their radios and vehicles."
"Can you doctor the recording?"
"Piece of cake." Then Small started lighting up like a Christmas tree as it dawned. "Yeah, man! The perfect bait! You are a pretty devious bastard yourself."
"Burst into his office a little later with the recording. You were re-checking the recording, forever being the perfectionist, and you found something. Very, very faint - small wonder you missed it first time around. Seems he was the bright one after all, and you were wrong. You are searching for a signal from some sort of implant or something - am I right?"
"Spot on."
"Dub it in shortly after you left Skukuza. Close proximity. And think about the other stuff - same time tomorrow."
"Yeah, man," Small repeated. He was a new man, and there was life in his eyes again.
*
Skukuza was a beehive of activity. Everyone has always been pretty busy with something or other, but now there was a new vigour in the air. They were mostly working on their fortifications while Fix, Mattias and his experts were loading the trucks with equipment to start working on the power line. Despite the dark cloud dragged in by the aerial visit everyone was in high spirits.
At a community meeting the previous night Sam had told everyone that he seriously doubted the origin of the aeroplane. The possible presence of some strange animal not being a threat to them, he did not mention anything about it. They lived in lion country, where nature always posed a danger to the unwary, but they were used to it. They were protected by the electric fence, and only those trained in the ways of the wilderness were allowed to venture out on foot.
Nelspruit having practically been flattened during the strife it was very unlikely that the area could sustain the likes of the crew on the plane. The fact that long-range aircraft were being used would point to a more distant community, probably in Pretoria or Johannesburg. The distance gave Sam some sense of security. Unless, of course, they had a proper army and air force out there, which seemed extremely unlikely judging by their visit. So there was no real urgency in their preparations, but better safe than sorry.
Michael and Anton, being the official hunters of the community, had gone fishing. On their way down to the river Anton had given Michael a questioning look. In addition to his fishing gear Michael was carrying the .458 rifle, and he had substituted his customary .357 handgun for something with even more stopping power.
"Why the cannon today?" Anton queried, pointing at the .50 Desert Eagle on Michael's hip. "That bloody thing must weigh a ton and kick like a mule."
Michael had not shared his fear and suspicion with Anton, firstly because his father had told him not to. Secondly, he had a strong suspicion that Anton would take the mickey out of him if he started with dark tales about giant ape-men prowling the bush.
After the meeting in Sam's office he had gone straight to Lance's library. He had spent the best part of the night reading. A long time ago he had heard the stories about Bigfoot supposedly roaming about in North America, but had paid the myth little heed. What he had learnt last night scared the hell out of him. He had been pretty sure there was something strange out there, but now he was convinced. According to the literature this was more than just a fable. Something like this had been reported from all over the world by people of widely different cultures, and over many years.
According to some researchers there was, without doubt, conclusive evidence of the existence of such a creature. According to others it was all part of a hoax. Yet there existed hundreds of footprint casts, and even a body print had been found.
Thousands of sightings had been reported by people from all walks of life, including professional individuals like doctors, professors, lawyers and such. As the saying goes, where there's smoke there's fire.
Hair samples had been inconclusive in the sense that the hair simply did not match that of any known creature. Contrary to popular belief DNA cannot be extracted from a hair - you needed at least the follicle itself, which is the 'root' of a hair.
After shutting down his laptop Michael had struggled with his thoughts deep into the night. What could it be? Some sort of proto-human, a residual archetype from prehistory? An off-shoot from Australopithecus robustus? Something ancient, or something new?
There not being any apes indigenous to South Africa, he was not all that familiar with them. All he knew was that apes were bigger than monkeys, and that apes did not have tails. And neither monkeys nor apes were bipedal.
He was convinced there was something strange out there, and he was going to be bloody careful. As his dad had said, it sure as hell wasn't going to be bullet proof.
As they stepped out onto their favourite sandbank at the edge of the water they scanned the area very carefully, making sure there were no predators or lone buffalo bulls lurking in the surrounding reeds. Except for a two metre crocodile basking at the edge of the water the coast was clear. They liked to fish in this open spot where nothing could get close without being spotted. With Houdi as back-up insurance they felt quite at ease.
As they were getting their fishing equipment ready about five metres from the water's edge, Michael found it strange that the croc hadn't slid off into the water. Picking up his rifle he went closer to investigate.
"Hey, Anton," he said, waving his mate closer. "Come see what a croc looks like once it's been stepped on by an elephant."
Anton came closer and had a good look, whistling through his teeth. "Shit, small wonder they say an elephant's sex organ is in its feet - if it steps on you, you are truly fucked."
The crocodile's skull had been caved in and the front half of the croc didn't line up properly with the back half.
*
Sam was at the gate, helping to set up a heavy machine gun on a tripod behind the sand bags. The Lowveld sun was beating down on them relentlessly, and they were sweating like transport oxen. "Dirk," he said to one of his companions, "take the bakkie and get us some shade cloth and poles from the stores. The sun is going to fry us here."
He looked up at the sound of approaching hoof beats. To Sam Moya's horse looked like one of the mottled ponies the Red Indians used to ride in old Cowboy movies. He would never dare tell her that.
"Fence patrol?" he asked.
"Jip, everything's looking fine. We'll have to trim those guava trees on the eastern edge sometime. They're beginning to crowd the fence."
"I'll make a note of that. Jeez, I wish we had more people" he said, wiping off sweat once more.
"I wish I could patrol the fence from the outside. It would be a lot quicker and easier if I could use the firebreak."
"Don't start again. You're not setting foot outside this gate."
"But I'm on horseback."
"You think a hungry lion would find that less appetising?"
He wasn't sure if it was her or the horse snorting as she departed in a huff.
He was just about to continue aligning the sights with the road when his walkie talkie squelched.
"Sam do you read?" It was Maria.
"Loud and clear."
"Pop in at the lab sometime. Nothing urgent."
"On my way." Nothing urgent my foot, he thought. This thing had been gnawing on his mind all night, like a big black dog with a bone. With a "back shortly, guys" he trotted off.

Maria was waiting for him at the door. He looked around the pristine lab with appreciation. "The girls not here today?"
"Been and gone. They'd cleaned absolutely everything they could, so I told them they could have the rest of the day off. Classes start tomorrow."
"Classes?"
"Veterinary Sciences #101, first semester,"
"Oh, I see. Great. Anything new on the hair?"
"Not really. Let me show you."
Her laptop was displaying some photomicrographs. "The bottom line is, as far as I can tell, these hair do not belong to any species known to science. I've tried everything - even made casts to study the scales." She sounded utterly frustrated.
"Scales? I thought we were looking at hair."
"I'm referring to the scales on the hair. On a cross section a hair has basically three layers - the central core is called the medulla, then the cortex with the cuticle on the outside. The cuticle has microscopic scales, the shape and pattern of which is of great help with identification. In order to see these scales more clearly, I made casts of the hair - I won't go into technical detail. There's no record of any scales that look like these, except in forensic reports linked to Bigfoot, or Sasquatch. The same applies to the distribution and density of the pigment granules in the cortex. Once again, without becoming too technical, this is a mix between human and animal as far as I can tell. We are still nowhere. Want tell me where you got the hair?"
Sam scratched his head looking a little sheepish. "Only if you promise to keep it to yourself and if you promise not to laugh."
"Try me."
So Sam told her everything, all the way back to the disappearing kudu. By the time he was finished, she was stunned.
"This is no laughing matter," she said in awe. "We have to find this thing. This Sasquatch. It will be the biggest anthropological discovery of all time."
"To do what with?"
"You have a point there, but still..."
"There is no internet and there are no journals in which to publish it. Seems there's no one left out there to share it with. As far as we know this planet is pretty wild and empty right now."
"Do you think we will ever... you know... have a civilisation again?"
"Depends on us. Way back in the beginning, when Homo sapiens took his first steps, he started with nothing. We have one hell of an advantage - we've got knowledge and experience. Tools, equipment. In my opinion there are only two things that can stop us: Some terrible disease like the one we've gone through, and the evil in the minds of men."
"From what I hear you've all been through a terrible time with this Waldeck gang," she said.
"I suppose we will always have the idiots among us. Seems there is a bad gene in the human makeup that comes to the fore from time to time in the odd individual. There's a lot of them in the history books since time immemorial. The ones who want it all."
"Damn!" Sam said when his walkie talkie sounded off again.
It was Lance. "Sam, you'd better get up to the radio room. Urgently."
"Got to go," Sam said to Maria as he rushed to the door. We need to continue this discussion sometime - it's becoming my favourite topic."
"Mine too," she said to his departing back.

Lance, wearing earphones, sat hunched over his bank of computers, fiddling with the mouse. On the screen in front of him was something that looked like an oscilloscope. Lance seemed to be listening intently and did not hear Sam enter. When Sam touched him on the shoulder he practically jumped out of his skin and plucked off his earphones.
"There's someone else out there, and I'm damn sure they have been eavesdropping on us."
"What makes you say that?"
"Since we started scanning for signals, there has always been interference on a specific wavelength. Nothing else, just something I ascribed to solar flares or some other radiation. Happens sometimes. But it started irritating me, so I tweaked both the radio and the computer. I wanted to identify it or get rid of it. The computer has identified it as encrypted radio traffic. We haven't heard them, but they've probably heard us."
"Shit," Sam said. "Can you tell where the source is?"
"Not without triangulation, for which we don't currently have the equipment. I can probably build something if I can incorporate the radio at Ressano Garcia. Probably be easier to simply eavesdrop on them now that they don't know we can hear them, so they're bound to give us a clue sooner or later."
"You can hear them?" Sam grabbed the headphones.
"That's what I've been telling you. Not very clear, but I'm working on that."
Sam listened intently. He immediately realised that he was listening to a lot of radios on the same wavelength. It was a rather chaotic babbling, mainly in the Shangaan language. "What the hell is this?" Sam whispered.
"I think it's some sort of encrypted or scrambled secure military radio, linked to a lot of handhelds. Bunch of bloody idiots who don't know the first thing about radio etiquette."
"Well I'll be buggered," Sam said, straightening up. "Somehow this can only be linked to the clowns with the antennas on their planes. For the life of me I can't figure out what they're up to, but for sure it isn't something nice." He patted Lance on the shoulder. "Good work, Lance. So they probably know a whole lot about us and we know nothing about them. Keep listening, and record everything. Don't do or say anything that will make them even suspect we're on to them. Keep a lid on this otherwise some of our people may unintentionally behave out of character. Can they pick up our walkie-talkies?"
"No chance - the range is too limited."
"Excellent. Carry on using the radio as before, but for anything important stick to the walkie-talkies."
*
Mabo rumbled with boisterous laughter, slapping his palm on his desk repeatedly. He offered Small a cigar as chick as the arm of a child, which Small declined.
"You see, I told you!" roared the exuberant Mabo. "I knew all along, I told you so! Always listen to me, because I know these things!"
Small managed to look sheepish. "I really did not think it was possible."
Mabo waved his hand in a magnanimous gesture of forgiveness. His mood swung to the opposite without warning, a frown creasing his dark countenance. "So. How do we get it?"
"That is going to be a major problem, Sir. We will have to go in and dart it, but I have no idea how we're going to get in. Captain Meintjies and I are working on a plan, but we have a long way to go still."
"What plan?" he asked suspiciously.
"Well, Mr President, at present we are still working on the possibilities. The aircraft is out of the question. I asked Meintjies about the missiles - he is the military expert. He tells me they are state-of-the-art. They can't miss, and are so uncomplicated a child could launch one. They will shoot us down the moment we enter their airspace. So we have to go in by road. With that in mind I have already instructed my scientists to forget about aviation fuel and to start working on huge amounts of diesel. We'll go in with trucks."
"We will not go in trucks. We will go in an armoured convoy,"
"Uh, Sir, maybe we had better get Meintjies in here. We've talked about that, and he said it would be suicide."
This time the hand didn't come down gently. "So get him in here! Immediately!"

They had been waiting for it, and Meintjies was present within minutes.
"Mr President, a frontal assault is out of the question - they have mined and booby-trapped all the approaches. They will blow us to pieces. The only way is to infiltrate them and take them from the inside in an undercover operation. We are still trying to devise a plan for that."
"We will still travel in an armoured convoy." There was a faint trace of petulance in his voice. The tough bully is nothing but a scared pansy, Meintjies thought.
"Mr President, you know how many times your soldiers had to walk back when their Ratels and Buffels broke down. I have warned you about simply abandoning them and replacing them with others from the pool instead of repairing them and servicing them. You are out of reliable armoured vehicles, Sir. Besides, it will take months to upgrade enough diesel. Those things guzzle fuel."
"So repair and service some!"
"Once again, it will take months. We have only one mechanic who knows what he's doing."
"One Ratel, then."
"I'll get my man onto it immediately." He turned sideways to address Small directly. "I'll go get my notes - we have to devise a clandestine plan somehow. In your lab in five minutes."
"You will come and work in my office," Mabo interjected.
Meintjies gesticulated with his hands in a rolling motion. "Sir, we don't even have an idea where we're going with this yet. Let us just form a basic plan and we'll bring it to you to work out the detail."
This seemed to mollify the man somewhat and he gave his assent with a grunt.

"He doesn't actually have his finger on the pulse here," Meintjies said, referring to Mabo. "He's relying too much on his incompetent men. And they mostly share his philosophy in life - the 'what's in it for me' attitude. They steal whatever they think they can get away with, and trade it for bodily favours and whatever else it is they want. This whole set-up is going to come crashing down around his ears soon. We need to get going on this. Everything is running out and they've got nowhere to replenish it. He has no qualms about slaughtering the golden goose for a rip-roaring feast, and to hell with the eggs."
"Yes, but still: he's got at least eighty men and several children who could pull a trigger. How the hell do we neutralise them?"
"He will abandon them the moment he thinks they are more of a liability than an asset. I have already planted some seeds to that effect. The concept of loyalty doesn't exist with this lot. A couple of his closest cohorts might stand by him, but the moment the going gets tough there will be no cohesion. Everyone will be looking after himself and to hell with the rest."
"You're making this sound easy."
"On the contrary. There is nothing we can really plan because we don't know enough about what's waiting for us. Best we can hope for is a general plan and then improvise as we go along. Still better than hanging around here, waiting for death."
"So what do you suggest?"
"How does the pilot feel about the plane?"
"He seems fairly comfortable with it. Lack of proper maintenance and bad fuel are of concern, however."
"Good for one more trip to Nelspruit? One-way?"
"Shouldn't be a problem."
"Talk to him. The main thing is for us to get into Skukuza without picking a fight. Give them prior warning beforehand if at all possible. We know one or two of their engineers returned from Ressano Garcia via the power company's service road, following the power lines. They intend going back out there to start fixing things."
Meintjies spread a tattered tourist map of the Kruger Park on the counter. "All I could get hold of, but it's good enough. The moment we enter the Park we'll visit the nearest game ranger's office and get a proper map. We send the plane down to land at Komatipoort, on the southern edge of the Park. On the way they stay directly over the N4 to see what it looks like and check it out for roadblocks or other activity. Komati is on the route between Skukuza and the power station. Here they establish a beachhead. Somewhere on this route the guy called Fix will be working on the grid. My guess is he'll have two or three men at the most with him. As a result of the fly-over Jenkins will be reluctant to weaken his fighting force. I very much doubt if he's breaking out in a serious sweat about a possible attack from us. He is well aware of his position of strength, but someone who can achieve what he did will not leave anything to chance. The rest follow the plane in as small a convoy as we can orchestrate. We set up, find out where the Fix crowd is and kidnap them. We then use them and their transport as a Trojan horse to get into Skukuza."
"Brilliant, but we'll pretty much be flying by the seat of out pants. There's a hell of a lot that can go wrong."
"There's a lot more bound to go wrong right where we're sitting. I don't know about you, but I'd rather take my chances. Let's get to work on Mabo and see if we can get anything through his thick skull. Stress the dim future of our present location and keep dangling the ape carrot."
"She was infinitely more than an ape," Small whispered under his breath, too soft for Meintjies to hear.
*****

Chapter Nine
Sam, Fix, Domingo, Michael, Lance and Aaron reconvened after a quick dinner. There just seemed to be so many gaps and possible scenarios that they had to try and pre-empt.
Sam did not want Fix and his people to go out on a mission that would make them vulnerable, so it was decided to put the electricity project on the backburner for now.
"Nevertheless, Fix, you're going to be the bait," Sam said.
"Yeah? What are we hoping to catch?" Fix asked with a grin.
"Probably something similar to Waldeck. Them being aware of what we have in Skukuza, they will come after us without any doubt. We are aware that they can contact us on the radio, but thus far they haven't - which is a sure sign that they have no intention of joining forces. They want to take it all."
There was a murmur of assent around the table.
"We can't sit here and wait for them to make a move, and then react. We've no option but to take the fight to them."
"Come on, Sam, we can't simply rush out there and go looking for a fight! Besides, we're not even sure where they are."
"Lance has been doing a bit of eavesdropping from our side. They are at the Waterkloof army base in Pretoria. They are planning to use Fix and his crew to get to Skukuza. When, how and how many we don't know. But be sure, they are coming. And we're going to nail their asses long before they get to Skukuza."
"How?" Michael wanted to know, raring for a fight.
"First, we need information. You and Aaron are going to get that for us. We will stage a fake radio message to Fix for them to pick up, leading the Mabo lot to believe Fix is starting work on the substation between Komati and Lower Sabi tomorrow. That will ensure they'll enter the Park via Crocodile Bridge at Komatipoort and follow the tarred H4-2 up to lower Sabi, looking for Fix's team. I don't want to simply blow them up with the bridge - we're going to need that bridge in the future. We need to know how many are coming, and with what. They got the message at Hoedspruit and will not be dumb enough to consider an aerial attack - they will come by road. If they can get as far as Komati, that is to say. Let's hope they encounter some of their kind along the way."
"We going to ambush them?" Michael enquired enthusiastically.
"We're going to prepare an ambush for them, and we're going to slow them down."
Michael was rubbing his hands in anticipation - action, at last, he thought.
"Fix, a tough and dangerous job for you and Lance," Sam said. "I want you to modify some anti-tank mines and Claymores to enable us to detonate them remotely from a distance of a hundred yards. Radio signal, wires, whatever is easiest and safest. Don't blow yourselves up."
Sam stepped over to a detailed map of the Park on the wall of the boardroom and pointed out the locations he was referring to.
"We'll prepare an ambush just the other side of Lower Sabi, before the river curves away from the road. Then I want a second ambush some eight kilometres back towards Komati, where the S-82 gravel road meets the H4-2. When the time comes, the team manning that can travel down the S-82 directly from Skukuza. Fix, please send someone to make sure the road is still passable."
Domingo was frowning, looking puzzled by this. "Why a second ambush at a point they have already passed?"
Sam sighed. "Domingo, I'm sorry but with this we can't afford to play according to Queensbury Rules or the Warsaw Treaty. We're playing for keeps here. For the survival of civilised Man. There is no longer room on this planet for anyone who threatens that. We'll make very sure that they have had more than ample warning before they reach Lower Sabi. If they insist on going ahead with their attack, we will blow them up at Lower Sabi. If some of them survive, those who decide to turn back and make a run for it once the crap hits the fan will also not survive. Fix blows them up when they come through."
"A bit harsh, I would think," Domingo remarked.
"We simply can't afford to have surviving aggressors out there bearing festering grudges. In this fight, unfortunately, no-one will live to fight another day. That's the way it's going to be. It's the only way that will work. Our so-called 'civilised society' got its ass kicked too often in history by being overly 'politically correct' and 'humane'. In our new society there will be only one human right - the right to free oxygen. Everything else will have to be earned. No-one owes no-one anything because of race, creed, skin colour or gender. There will be more than ample opportunity for everyone to lead a decent and peaceful life with dignity. But there will be no freebies and no hand-outs - we all pull together."
"Tough but true," Domingo said. "Basically that's back to the Laws of Nature."
"That's right," Sam said. "The downfall of mankind started the day we started thinking we were above Nature. Whether we like it or not, we are still mammals."
"Yeah, right on," Fix said. "Let's do it right this time."
"Wise words Nkosi," Aaron agreed.
"Right," Michael's enthusiasm knew no bounds. "How do we go about gathering the info?"
Sam couldn't help but grin at the impetuosity of youth. "First, we're going to get Moya to make us some nice signs that you're going to take with and put up along the way and at Crocodile Bridge the day after tomorrow. Then I want you and Aaron to start getting yourselves some kit together for a two-week camping trip in the bush. Pitch camp just inside the Park somewhere. I want to know the moment they enter the Park. If they do decide to keep coming it will be at walking pace, looking for booby-traps and mines camouflaged on the tarred road. We'll have to make a list of code words - remember, they'll probably hear everything we say on our radios. Once they are close enough even the walkie-talkies will no longer be safe. And remember to take the portable electric fence."
Sam was more than a little surprised when neither Michael nor Aaron scoffed at this. They had always been rather opinionated about the little solar powered fence used for enclosing campsites in the bush. 'Only for women and sissies' had always been their verdict. It would discourage something rather than stop it, but was useful as an early warning system.

By midnight the whole of Skukuza was asleep except for Moya and the four guards on duty. With the help of a stencil she was making several large signs, red lettering on a white background. Underneath a skull and crossbones they all carried the same message:

LETHAL DANGER
Do NOT enter the Park without authorisation.
You will be shot on sight.
There is a radio at reception. Use it.
All roads and firebreaks are mined.
THIS IS A FINAL WARNING.

She had completed three with one more to go. She decided to call it a day and get some sleep.
*
It happened in the small hours of the morning, just after 02h30. The moment the top strand of the electric fence broke the alarm started whooping. It was instantly drowned out by a thunderous roar that shook the very earth.
Michael and Aaron's wives knew what it was - the same primal scream that drove fear into the deepest recesses of one's mind. Only this time it was not from across the river somewhere. It was here. Right here.
*****

Chapter Ten
It had taken them nearly a full day to convince Mabo. Once he had made up his mind, however, he had everyone up and running. The radio operator had informed them that Fix and two men would be leaving for Lower Sabi the next day, where they would probably spend a couple of days repairing the sub-station which had sustained severe lightning damage. They would then work their way down to Komati along the power-line.
Mabo had immediately called on the whole of his nation to gather in front of the building for an important Presidential announcement. He had no way of accommodating the masses but giving them the slip would not be a problem.
He was standing on the back of a truck in all his presidential splendour, armed with a megaphone. He had draped his person in just about anything he could lay his hands on, from crimson sash to a ceremonial sword. He had also thrown in a breast pocket full of medals, the connotation of which he didn't have a clue.
"My people," he thundered with benevolent sincerity in his voice. "I stand before you today with very good news." A murmur of anticipation went up from the hundred or so people gathered in front of him.
"For some time now, me and my men have been preparing and stocking the facilities at the new stronghold of our nation. Over the next two days we will all be relocating to a safer and better home for us all." A wild cheer went up, fanning the fire in Mabo.
"As some of you will know, our air force is based at Ysterplaat Air Force Base just outside the city." Most of them did not have a clue where that was, but some of them had been hearing the drone of aircraft lately. Another cheer.
"We have only six suitable trucks here at present but we will be bringing more from the base. We will take everything from here to augment the food and equipment that we have already stockpiled at Ysterplaat." There was a hum in the crowd as people starting discussing this new development. "I call for order. The first convoy will be moving out by morning, and we will be back with another fifteen trucks to take the rest by noon. In the meantime, get all your possessions together and be ready to move to your new homes by mid-day tomorrow."
Another cheer went up, albeit possibly with a tinge of uncertainty, and the crowd dispersed to start getting their things ready.

The convoy was all packed and ready to go before first light. There was a Taliwagon at the head of the convoy, followed by Mabo's Ratel and six trucks loaded with all the food and provisions they possessed. Another Taliwagon covered the rear. As the night had worn on, a restless crowd had started gathering, speculating about the happenings.
As the engines roared to life, there were a few shouted questions from the crowd. As these were ignored, they increased in volume. By the time the convoy started rolling the crowd had swollen considerably and the shouting had risen to a crescendo. It started turning into a riot as reality began to dawn. A few shots were fired from AK47's in the crowd. The heavy machine gun on the Taliwagon at the rear opened up without preamble, pumping streams of tracers into the scattering and screaming crowd.

Shortly after dawn the Pilatus overtook the convoy on the N4 outside Pretoria. The pilot wagged his wings in greeting as he zoomed ahead over the deserted freeway.
*
By the time Sam burst out through the screen door Michael and Houdi were already outside. Houdi was puffed to nearly twice his size, testing the wind and growling loudly.
"It's him, Dad," Michael said, working the bolt on the .458. He already had his shooting lamp strapped to his forehead.
Sam had his 375 and a powerful torch. "Which way?" he asked. Michael pointed in the direction of the river where one could still hear the occasional branch breaking in the distance.
They ran the considerable distance to the fence. Aaron and one of the guards were already there when they reached the breach in the fence. Aaron was scanning the ground with his torch.
"No tracks inside, Nkosi. He didn't get in," he said with clear relief in his voice.
"Let's go take a look outside," Sam said.
"With the truck, Nkosi" Aaron advised.
"Of course."
The three of them drove out through the gate, Sam and Michael standing on the back and scanning the bush with powerful spotlights. They slowly followed the wide fire break along the perimeter. The tension was palpable. Every available light was on in Skukuza, and people were standing around in small groups, discussing the event. Everybody, including the women, seemed to be carrying a weapon of some sort.
Sam tapped on the roof of the cab when they were still about thirty yards away from the spot. "We'll walk in from here," he said. "Stay with us and keep an eye on the bush," he said to Aaron, passing him one of the spotlights.
Sam and Michael gingerly approached the spot where the top four strands of the fence were broken, keeping their eyes on the ground, looking for tracks. Doing this in artificial light was extremely tricky and they had to be careful not to obliterate anything without noticing it. Instead of roaming around and investigating, like he usually does, Houdi was strangely subdued, staying hard on Michael's heels.
"Here!" Michael exclaimed, kneeling down.
Aaron stopped directly behind them and also came over to where Sam was now also kneeling down.
There was a clear footprint in a soft patch of soil. The size of it was impossible.
"Eish," Aaron whispered with reverence. He peered into the darkness beyond their lights. "It is him."
"Jeeez," Sam exhaled under his breath. "Whatever it is, it's bloody gigantic."
They were staring at a footprint that was not unlike that of a human, except that it was about twice the size.
"It is very heavy," Aron remarked, studying the print closely.
Sam stood back, motioning them to do likewise. "It will be light in a few hours. We'll come back then and look at these properly. Meanwhile let's get the fence mended. We don't want this guy sneaking in elsewhere while the power is off."

Two hours later found them back on the same spot. This time they were accompanied by Maria and Anton. Maria had brought photographic equipment, measuring equipment, and even some plaster of Paris to make casts of the imprints. She was all very spirited and excited until she saw the size of the prints. "Impossible," she said.
"And so say all of us," Sam agreed. "Michael, you and Anton give Maria a hand and look after her. Aaron and I will go see where this thing is headed."
"Aw c'mon Dad! I want to go with."
"Not this time. You guard Maria."
"Dad, do you remember one of the first lessons you taught me? 'Don't go after dangerous game in the riverine thickets without a dog if you can help it.'?"
"Yeah. Point is, there are no dogs in Skukuza, so I don't have a choice."
"Hah, but I do. Houdi is miles better than any dog. And he won't go without me."
Sam shook his head and smiled at the pleased look on his son's face. He knew he couldn't really argue with that. He didn't want to send Michael after the beast, but facts were facts. He knew Michael was as good a shot and a hunter as he was, and the boy was careful. In the thick stuff Houdi would be of immeasurable value. "Aaron?" he asked, seeking his approval.
"It is good, Nkosi. We will be careful."
With that they set off on the trail of broken branches and trampled foliage, the still snarling Houdie scanning ahead.
"You have a lot of confidence in your son," Maria remarked.
"Yes I do, and with good reason. He knows everything there is to know about the wilderness. He grew up in it. Besides, this ape may be gigantic, but so are buffaloes and elephant."
"The difference is, Sam, this is no ape."
He looked perplexed. "How can it not be an ape?"
"It is without doubt a primate, but most definitely not an ape. The hair is not that of an ape, look at the big toe on this footprint, and this thing walks exclusively on its hind legs. All monkeys and apes are quadrupeds. Humans are the only bipedal primates."
"It is most definitely is not a human either," Sam said.
"Yeah?" she said. "This thing tried to get into Skukuza at three o'clock in the morning. Know of any nocturnal apes or monkeys? They're all shit scared of the dark. Strictly diurnal - all of them."
A glum silence ensued, but she brightened up again a moment later. "Speaking of shit scared - this must have been the first time it came in contact with an electric fence - it left us a stool sample."
"I am not surprised. This isn't just any old electric fence: it packs a powerful punch. You can't keep elephants from oranges with a fence meant for cattle."
She was carefully scooping some poop into a test tube. "This is going to read like an encyclopaedia. Pity we don't have the equipment to run DNA tests on it."

The tracks seemed to be heading straight to the river. Michael could see most of the signs Aaron was pointing out but as always, he was learning from the old expert.
Aaron pointed to some thicker branches that were broken at the edge of the fire break, with the damage petering out after a few yards. "Its flight was headlong for the first bit - the wire must have given it quite a fright. Look at this young tree that had been flattened, and see how high up that branch has been broken. But it recovered quite quickly. It must be able to see very well in the dark: by that time the moon had set and it was pitch dark. Yet from about here on it started ducking under branches and avoiding obstacles. There is no footpath here for it to follow, yet it moved with ease, hardly disturbing anything."
They kept following the tracks, which led straight to the river. In the mud at the water's edge the clear footprints led unwaveringly into the river.
"Hau!" Aaron exclaimed, "It was not trying to cross the river, otherwise it would have entered the water over there," he said, pointing to a spot downstream where the water was obviously shallower, with exposed rocks spanning the river.
Michael looked at the deep, dark pool at their feet. The water was moving past slowly and without ripple or eddy. "This is crazy - it walked right into the deep water on purpose," he said. "Converted to crocodile turds by now, for sure."
"No, crocodiles are scared of it. They will not attack it, like they will not attack a hippo."
"Come on, crocodiles are stupid reptiles - anything that moves is food."
"Not so. When the lion drinks, the crocodile will not try to catch it. Even if the crocodile is sometimes bigger than the lion, it will leave the lion in peace."
Michael knew better than to argue with Aaron about things concerning the bush and its inhabitants. Anything that walked into this pool at night would be committing suicide. Except an elephant, and maybe a lion. And a rhino, and a hippo. And maybe Sasquatch...

Sam and Anton were helping Maria to make casts of the clearer of the imprints and looked up as his two trackers re-appeared from the bush. Sam wasn't expecting them back so early. "What, given up already?" he asked.
"He gave us the slip, Dad. On purpose."
"Oh come on, you're attributing way too much to this creature. What did he do, simply take a plane or a taxi?"
"No, Dad, he walked straight into the big pool below the pump station."
"No way! He didn't slip or stumble in the darkness or something?"
"No. Aaron says he did it on purpose - straight and relaxed. Walking pace, no change in the length of his strides, no hesitation. Besides, Aaron says this thing has perfect night vision. The way he moved through the thick bush in pitch black darkness means he can see at least as well as a leopard at night."
Sam made eye contact with Maria. "Looks like you're right - this is no ape. It must have been aware of the likelihood of crocodiles. Could it be that they're wary of him? Why?"
Two pennies dropped simultaneously in the minds of Michael and Anton.
"Dad!" Michael exclaimed. "There was a dead crocodile on the sandbank when we went fishing. We thought an elephant had done it. The croc's whole skull was sort of caved in and its back was broken - the whole thing was kind of... twisted sideways."
"Tracks?"
"We paid it no heed - didn't even look for any. Only an elephant could have done it. Or so we thought, at the time..."
Sam was rubbing his hands over both of his eyes, as if trying to wake up from a bad dream. "Shit," he said. "What is this? Where did it suddenly come from?"
"This thing has now become a definite reality," Maria stated. "It's about time we started referring to it as such. Best place to start is to name it - how about calling it Sasquatch?"
A collective affirmative went up, and Sasquatch had officially been baptised.
"What story did the spoor tell, Aaron?" Sam asked.
"He is very big, very heavy and very strong. Well over two metres high, and as least as heavy as a buffalo - five or six hundred kilos. Using the water to cover his tracks also means it is very, very intelligent. And it can swim well - the water is deep there, and we checked up and down the bank - he didn't come out again on our side of the river."
"If he had indeed entered the water not simply to cross the river, but to wipe out his tracks, it means Sasquatch has the ability to think. That would not just mean a new ball game, it would mean moving this game to an entirely new ball park."
"The question remains: what was it after in Skukuza in the middle of the night? Crops, fruit, livestock or humans?"
"Or simply company?" Michael asked meekly.
Sam scoffed. "Don't start attributing human traits to him simply because he's got a name now." He let out a derisive snort. "Looking for friends. Indeed."
*****

Chapter Eleven
Only the pilot and two of Mabo's personal body guards were in the plane with Small. The rest of the space had been taken up by camping equipment, weapons and food. He was in deep thought as he contemplated the destruction and utter desolation slipping by under the wings.
Near the town of Witbank they had spotted a wisp of smoke some distance off the freeway. A closer look revealed the smoke coming from the chimney of what must have been a magnificent farmhouse in the middle of nowhere. Two women in rags were watching the plane forlornly from the backyard, shielding their eyes against the sun. They did not even bother to wave.
The city of Nelspruit did not appear to have a single human inhabitant. The only sign of life had been a pack of feral dogs of all shapes and sizes trotting down a road in the industrial area.
The N4 appeared to be in pretty good shape without any major obstacles in evidence, and the pilot had shared the good news with Mabo. Mabo was in an expansive mood with the convoy making good time.
Passing low over the small town of Malelane the relaxed atmosphere in the plane was suddenly shattered by a loud crack. Small gave the pilot an enquiring look.
"We are being shot at," the pilot said, anxiously checking and re-checking his instruments. He kept on flying in a straight line, and seemed to relax within a couple of seconds. "At this altitude we're already well out of range and below his horizon. Doesn't look as if they hit anything of importance. Better warn Mabo to be careful going through here."
"President Mabo," one of the soldiers in the back seat corrected him.
"Yeah," the pilot drawled, "President Mabo."
*
Michael and Aaron were lying on a small hill from where they could see both the airfield and the N4 just outside the town of Komatipoort. They had parked the truck and pitched their camp in a narrow ravine behind the hill, covering everything with camo netting. Aaron had even swept the floor of the ravine with a branch to cover their tracks.
Shortly after the Sasquatch incident Lance had warned them that Mabo was en route with a convoy and that he was sending his plane ahead to do a reconnaissance of the road and the Komati area. Not knowing if or where the plane would land, they had pulled off the road near Lower Sabi and relaxed under a giant Water Fig on the riverbank. The estimated flying time for the Pilatus was less than 90 minutes from Pretoria. They neither saw nor heard the plane, but gave it four hours to burn fuel before proceeding, just to be on the safe side.
As expected, the Pilatus was parked at the Komatipoort airfield a short distance out of town. It was now late afternoon, and Michael was watching the four men lounging around in the shade of the wings. The soldiers had pitched their tent under one wing and the other two men were camped under the opposite wing. Even at this distance it was clear that the two groups were not fraternising. The soldiers were passing a bottle of rum back and forth and seemed to have been doing so for quite some time. Aaron was in the truck, listening to the radio to try and gather more information. For the benefit of Mabo's ears Michael had reported that he had shot a young impala ram with a single neck shot a while ago, and that they could light the fires in Skukuza for a communal braai. To Sam that was the signal that they had pitched camp and had the aeroplane in sight.
They estimated that Mabo's convoy wouldn't reach Komati before late the next afternoon at the earliest. Aaron would put up their signs at the bridge and reception early the next morning while Michael would keep an eye on the plane to give warning in case it prepared to get airborne again. At the same time Sam and Fix would be planting their explosives at the two pre-arranged spots.
A small herd of waterbuck that must have been spooked by something burst from the bush at the edge of the runway and went trotting past the plane. One of the soldiers picked up his AK47, took aim and pulled the trigger. With what was probably sheer luck the first two bullets were both killing shots. The rest of the magazine went flying in a progressively higher trajectory over the herd as the muzzle rose under full automatic.
Even the soldier seemed slightly surprised as he jumped up and stared at the dead waterbuck. Then his companion cheered, and they both rushed to inspect the carcass. They hadn't tasted fresh meat in a long time, and were jumping for joy, dancing around the kill and whooping it up. They had a tough time trying to drag the heavy animal towards the plane and shouted to the other two to help. The others ignored them pointedly - they had no intention to be part of slaughtering and eating a wild animal. Both having grown up in cities they had absolutely no knowledge of the wilderness and no intention of learning about the ways of the wild either. They had already decided that they wouldn't be sleeping in a tent on the ground where who knows what might be prowling after dark. They intended relocating to the cockpit the moment darkness set in.
On the other side of the plane the soldiers had the knives out as well as another bottle of rum. By now they were having a jolly good time and there was lots of laughter and cajoling. Neither of them knew all that much about what they were doing either, but the taller one seemed to have heard about filet. It was supposed to be the best part, and he had a rough idea where the filets were located. In order to get to the filet they had to go deep, with the result that they were soon both covered in blood and stomach contents by the time they thought they had what they'd been after. They found this quite hilarious.
Suddenly one of them stopped laughing, and pointed. There were six dogs some fifty yards away, slinking up to them, salivating and sniffing the slight breeze. They reached for their rifles and continued taking leisurely swigs while giving the pack of dogs a chance to get closer. This was going to be fun - the day was simply getting better and better.
When the pack of mongrels started hesitating about twenty yards out, the men started shooting in unison. The men were once again whooping it up amidst ricocheting bullets and screaming dogs. Through the slowly drifting cordite cloud a lone survivor could be seen, limping away with a shattered hind leg. One of the downed dogs was still twitching and whimpering, but they paid it no heed. High-fives all round, and then they decided they needed wood for a fire. They once again attempted to solicit assistance from the other side of the plane but were again pointedly ignored. The other two had opened cans of food and were eating with spoons from various tins.
Michael could not help but shake his head in disgust at the antics of the two goons trying to collect fire wood with rifles in one hand and a bottle in the other.
Suddenly the pilot got up, reached into the cockpit, and pulled the microphone out on a spiral cord. Michael wasn't close enough to make out anything, but Aaron would be following the conversation on the truck's radio. The sun was slowly setting and there was now more urgency in the soldiers' attempts to drag in enough wood to last the night.
The moment the pilot put the microphone down he approached the soldiers. They had been stacking their wood too close to the plane to the pilot's liking, and a heated argument ensued. It took a lot of swearing and gesticulating to convince the campers to move their activities further away from the aeroplane.
Aaron came over from the truck. "What was all the shooting and commotion about?"
"The soldiers are drunk as skunks," Michael replied. "Butchered a water buck, had target practice on a pack of feral dogs, and are now preparing for a big braai. Judging by the size of their fire they're going to be out of wood long before midnight."
"Speaking of which, I managed to gather us enough wood for the night. I think we should get our own fire going and do something about those steaks. Those guys won't be going anywhere for the rest of the night. Mabo is camping just the other side of Malelane - doesn't want to go through the town after dark with someone on the loose who had apparently taken a pot shot at the plane. There was no indication of his strength, but I got the impression that he left most of his people behind in Pretoria. And he definitely has at least one Ratel."
"Not good," Michael said.

Once they had their small fire going and were comfortably ensconced inside their tiny electric fence, they both stared into the flames in silence for a while. They were both thinking of the same thing.
"Sasquatch," Michael said softly. It hung in the silence for a full minute. "What did your ancestors say about it?"
"They seldom talked about it. It is better left alone."
"Come on, Aaron, let's forget about the superstition for a minute. This thing is an animal - flesh and bone. As such it cannot specifically be more dangerous than other animals, like a buffalo or a lion."
"It is. Much more dangerous."
"How can you say that?"
"It is also a spirit. Everything fears it and everything avoids it. It is not good to talk about it."
"I have read up a lot about it. It seems to exist all over the world - from the deserts to the tundras. That's a myth - it's not possible."
"Why is it not possible? Man lives everywhere, from the deserts to the tundras. This is not just an animal, it is also a spirit. In Africa it always lives close to water. It swims like an otter and it can climb trees and mountains like a baboon. It eats anything, including meat. But it does not eat carrion - it prefers to kill its own meat."
"But it's still not bulletproof," Michael said wistfully, stroking the .458 on his knees and thinking back to the size of the footprints. "I think I'll go turn in," he said, adding more wood to the fire and heading for the tent. "I'm not hungry tonight."
"I'll leave your food in the truck," Aaron said. "Remember, if you take a leak in the night be sure to miss the fence" he guffawed, reminding Michael of a painful lesson learnt many years ago as a youngster. Urine is an excellent conductor of electricity.
*
Bert van Graan was a well-balanced young man with chips on both shoulders, and a grudge against all of mankind.
The youngest of Philippus van Graan's three sons, Bert had never been destined for greatness. Old man Philippus had owned seven farms in the Malelane district and had been a pillar of society. His two eldest sons followed his example dutifully and obediently, working hard and raising excellent stock, crops and families.
Bert had no interest in any of these pastimes. He hated his father and he hated his two brothers and their uppity families. Useless, spoilt softies in his eyes. He liked being outdoors, especially with guns.
He dropped out of school and applied for a job as game ranger in the nearby Kruger Park. He was turned down due to lack of qualifications. He told them to shove their job and went to work as a game guide in one of the private game reserves.
The role of Jeep Jockey suited him well and he loved the image of the Great White Hunter. He loved the 'uniform': leather hiking boots, shorts and shirt in dark green with flashy epaulets, topped off with a wide-brimmed hat with a leopard skin band and lourie feather.
This dapper image soon found its way onto many a memory card, and he especially liked posing with the more nubile of his clients. They loved it. Women had never been so easy and it was Paradise to him.
The first faint cracks appeared with the arrival of a new receptionist at the lodge. Bert made his customary play for her and was turned down. So he tried harder, only to have all his efforts rejected. He became besotted. With time it dawned on him that there would be none of that prior to wedding cake playing its customary role.
So he married Joyce.
When his baby boy put in an appearance less than a year later the marriage was already bobbing on turbulent waters. By the time Joyce was into her second pregnancy Bert got fired for molesting a client.
His defence of "she was panting for it man. Bloody bitch in heat" didn't cut the ice this time and he was sent on his way.
The other tour operators wouldn't touch him and he ended up selling second hand Toyotas at a dealership in Malelane.
Only then did Joyce learn who the van Graans really were, and what they represented. Her resentment and envy knew no bounds.
It was around this time that the calamitous proportions of the AIDS epidemic started really sinking in. Once it became known that the disease was now being spread by mosquitos everything started falling apart and people were dying like flies.
Joyce and her two babies boarded a train and headed for destinations unknown. Bert couldn't care two hoots.
When his father and oldest brother succumbed to the scourge Bert grabbed his guns and insinuated himself back into the homestead. And everybody died around him. He hated them even more for that.
Bert had no hobbies or interests that would occupy his mind and he had no predilection to escape into the arms of Bacchus. He simply sat through his days, brooding and festering. In the early days of the looting he would shoot anyone approaching the homestead. Later on he started actively hunting trespassers on his property. He would saddle his palomino every morning and set out into the bush. Many wandering souls crumpled in the scope of his trusty 7.62 Steyr Mannlicher. The farm would produce enough sustenance without intervention for decades to come. In Bert's mind the concept of sharing with strangers did not exist. This was his, and nobody would take it from him. As the population dwindled and petered out to zero, Bert's range got wider and wider and his idea of 'his' expanded to include everything his eyes could behold.
When the plane came over at treetop level it was trespassing on his property. It was fast, but so was he. His first shot hit the plane right in the belly. By the time he had chambered the next round the plane had disappeared over his limited horizon. "You bastard!" he screamed, throwing his fist in the air. "Come back and I'll fuckin kill you!"

The palomino was walking home at a sedate pace in the late afternoon sun, with Bert practically napping in the saddle. Behind him on the horse there was the carcass of a steenbok he had killed with a perfectly placed head shot earlier in the afternoon. The steenbok was a tiny antelope, and a body shot would have spoiled the excellent meat.
Something was bothering Bert. He suddenly sat bolt upright and reigned in the horse, listening intently. He was in a thicket about a kilometre off the N4. In the distance he could faintly hear the rumble of big diesel engines. For a second he was galvanised.
"Fuck you," he said out loud as he spurred on his horse to go have a look.
*
Mabo was happy with their progress. The plane had landed safely and reported the road clear. Except for the lunatic who shot at his plane. If the idiot tried anything tomorrow the Taliwagons would sort him out in no time.
Captain Meintjies was seated at the table in Mabo's luxuriously appointed tent. Meintjies absently wondered if the tent had once been the property of an oil sheik or something. The maps on the table did not have the detail Meintjies wanted.
"So," Mabo said, "what more do you want to see? There's the road, there's Skukuza. Simple."
"I want to see the contours, the fire breaks, every culvert and every donga. Nothing is going to be simple with this Jenkins character. Underestimate your opponent and you will die. First thing when we get to Komati is get a decent map from the ranger's office."
The tents of Mabo's twenty hand-picked guards had been pitched in a tight circle around Mabo's tent. The tent Meintjies shared with the six 'Brains' and Small's pregnant woman had been pitched off to one side, next to the truck in which they had been traveling. They were the scientists and technical people who kept Mabo's operation functional. They had already retired and doused their Coleman.
Two guards had been posted, one sitting on the roof of the cab of one of the Taliwagons, the other in the swivel seat of the machine gun mounted on the back of the truck. The one on top of the cab was a chain smoker, and lit up every fifteen minutes or so. Few lamps were still burning, and only the embers of the fires still glowed.
The guard's face was briefly illuminated as he lighted up another cigarette. It was enough for Bert who had been waiting patiently. The guard was dead by the time the sound of the shot arrived in camp.
Meintjies reacted while everyone else was still in a dazed shock. "Lights off! Take cover! Everybody down!"
At the same moment the remaining guard on the Taliwagon opened up with his machine gun. Most of the other soldiers grabbed their AK's and started firing wildly in roughly the same direction as the machine gunner.
"Cease fire!" Meintjies and Mabo shouted in unison. It took a second shout before all the fingers were off the triggers. All the muzzle flashes had lighted up the area enough for Bert to acquire a second target who was now also lying lifeless on the ground.
Everyone was by now flat on the ground or behind cover. Not that anyone could be sure of where 'behind' and where 'in front of' was, as no-one had seen Bert's muzzle flashes. They didn't have a clue where the shots had come from.
The silence stretched out as everyone waited to see what would happen next. Both Meintjies and Mabo were still crouched behind the map table.
"Can it be Jenkins?" Mabo whispered.
"No, this is the man who shot at the plane. He is on his own, and definitely not one of Jenkins' men."
"How can you be so sure?"
"Having cleaned out the Hoedspruit AFB Jenkins would be sure to have all the right military equipment. That would include night vision binoculars and telescopes. If this man had been one of Jenkins' crowd we would all have been dead by now."
"So why did you not bring night vision equipment?" Mabo was sounding belligerent.
"Because we never had any. I also didn't bring thermal imaging equipment because we never had any either. Nor some police tracker dogs. This man has got the lot of us pinned down till daylight, and he knows it. We can't go looking for him because the moment we switch on a light we become targets."
"The Ratel? Flush him out?"
"He will see and hear you coming. It would be a piece of cake to evade you."
"Now what?" Mabo wanted to know.
"Now we wait for daylight. Then we hope he has had the sense to withdraw, and we can be on our way."
"And if not?"
"We hunt him down. He will know he's got no chance in daylight. He'll be long gone by then. Good night."
Meintjies rolled over on his back on Mabo's thick carpets and made himself comfortable.
Mabo couldn't believe it. "You are going to sleep now?"
"Yeah. I would suggest you do the same. Bound to be a long day tomorrow."
"You are not going to post more guards?"
"Fat lot of good the previous guards did us. It's highly unlikely that a single one of your soldiers out there will try for some shut-eye. They will be wide awake all night. Plenty of sharp guards out there now."
As it transpired the only soldier who did fall asleep was the one on radio watch, safely inside the Ratel.

Meintjies was up when the coming day was but a faint lightening on the eastern sky. He was on the verge of lighting the gas stove inside the tent when the faint sound of hoof beats reached his acute hearing. He rushed out of the tent to hear better: in the distance the dwindling hoof beats of a single departing horse were audible.
*
It was at that very moment that the lions attacked. Both Small and the pilot had fallen into a fitful slumber in the cramped cockpit. The two soldiers lay where they had passed out. One was lying in the open where he had fallen out of his chair at the fire and the other had managed to crawl halfway into the tent. The first one did not even have the time to start surfacing before his skull was crushed between the jaws of one of the big males in the pride. Since humans had become the favourite prey of the pride several years ago, their hunting patterns had deviated from the normal. Even though the availability of human prey had fallen from abundant to non-existent, the males still hunted with the pride. The first invitation to the feast had come wafting in an hour earlier as a light breeze carried the smell of the remains of the water buck towards the hunting pride. During their upwind stalk they also detected the presence of their favourite prey.
The cacophony of roars and screams had Michael and Aaron grabbing for their rifles instantly.
"You drive!" Michael said, jumping on the back of the truck.
Aaron warned and complained even as he was going through the motions. "We cannot intervene! If we do, our whole plan will be blown!"
"I know, but people are getting killed down there. And there are two civilians. We'll just have to make another plan."
Aaron floored the truck with Michael crouching behind the cab, avoiding the thorny branches sweeping over and alongside the vehicle. The screaming and roaring was suddenly joined by the staccato sound of an AK47 on full auto.
A lioness had grabbed the second soldier just below the knee and started pulling him out of the tent. The man was yelling at the top of his voice as he was pulled out into the open. As he pulled the trigger a second lion clamped its jaws on his shoulder causing the muzzle to swing in an arc, spraying bullets in every direction. The dying finger kept the trigger depressed until the last bullet had left the chamber and left the slide open. Only one lion had been hit in the spine, and was now sitting on its hindquarters roaring its fury continuously.
The moment Aaron swung onto the runway Michael added the spotlight to the truck's sweeping headlights. The scene was straight out of a nightmare. There were eight adult lions in the melee with more young ones eagerly closing in on the action. The remains of the water buck was still lying off to the side while the pride ripped into the main course. Aaron angled in slightly so as to not have the plane in the line of fire, and stopped. Everything was brightly illuminated, and taking out the lions with well-aimed shots was like shooting fish in a barrel. As the fifth lion keeled over the rest decided to call it a day and disappeared off the runway still roaring nonstop. Michael knew they were going to stop as soon as they were out of the light, and would remain a threat.
They moved the truck up close. It was a blood bath, with no sign of the two civilians. As Michael aimed the spotlight to the cockpit, he was dismayed to find the side of the plane riddled with bullet holes. The dying man had sent half his magazine right through the side of the plane, and there was a strong smell of fuel in the air.
"Quick!" Michael shouted, "Help me get them away from the plane. And keep an eye out for those bloody lions!"
Once Michael got into the cockpit the scene didn't look much better than the one outside - there was blood and shards of glass everywhere. Both men were wounded and in shock. Michael's main concern was the strong smell of fuel, and the knowledge that there were probably still some smouldering embers out there from the previous night's fire.
Once they had the men out of the cockpit and away from the plane they inspected the wounds by the light of the truck's headlamps. During all this both Michael and Aaron kept sweeping the area in case the lions decided to try to get back to their meal again.
The pilot had two wounds in his side - one was clearly a shallow flesh wound, more of a cut than a hole. The other was more towards the centre of mass, had probably damaged a kidney, and was bleeding profusely.
It was not immediately possible to judge the extent of Small's wound. He was also unconscious and his head was covered in blood, although in his case the bleeding seemed to have stopped.
"These guys will both be dead soon if we don't get them to Skukuza fast," Michael said.
From the plane and the tents they collected anything that could serve as bedding, dumped everything that was still on the back of the truck onto the runway, and made the wounded as comfortable as possible on the bed of the truck.
Michael sighed deeply as he picked up the radio. "With Mabo's lot overhearing this, it's going to wipe out all our planning, but there's no other way. Fix and my dad are probably already busy laying the ambushes," he said to Aaron as he accelerated towards the airfield exit.
"Skukuza come in. Emergency."
Sam responded with one single word even before the Skukuza radio room could react. "Talk."
"Aaron and I are fine. Casevac two civilians. Both serious. Make sure the road is clear - we'll be coming through pretty fast."
"ETA?"
"Hour thirty."
"Don't overdo it."
Both Sam and Michael knew that the less that was said, the better. Mabo's men were sure to be listening with ears glued to the radio.
*
The man on radio watch inside the Ratel was in a deep sleep when the radio first sounded off. He wasn't very quick off the mark, and caught only the last bit of the transmission, of which he comprehended nothing. He immediately knew his ass was in a sling and he fervently hoped nobody else had a radio on. Mabo's was on, but it was in front of his bed. He was, however, not in his bed - he had chosen to sleep near Meintjies on the carpet. The sound of the radio woke him instantly, to find Meintjies missing and a hot kettle on the gas stove. He jumped up, grabbed his rifle and rushed out of the tent. At that moment the soldier on radio watch popped out of the Ratel as if it had been equipped with an ejector seat. "Radio, Mr President!" he was screaming at the top of his voice.
"So shut up and listen!" Mabo rushed back inside, noticing that Meintjies had rekindled the fire, and was having a mug of coffee in its warm light. Mabo turned up the volume on his radio, and heard only static. After a while he went out again to confront the man in the Ratel, who now appeared to be listening intently, earphones and all. Mabo leaned in and ripped off the earphones. "Was it Skukuza?" he asked.
"Yebo, Sir. They..."
The ham hand descended on the man's skull with a resounding slap, nearly knocking him silly. "Don't you bloody 'yebo' me, you idiot. What did they say?"
"Well Mr President Sir, initially it was very garbled with a lot of interference. All I could make out was that somebody was on the way somewhere traveling at speed, and would arrive in an hour and a half."
"Is that all?"
"It has been quiet ever since, Mr President."
The hand descended again with the same result. "You know that the penalty for sleeping on duty is death, eh."
The soldier was sweating profusely. "I know, Mr President. That is why I would never sleep on duty. I was sitting here listening intently all night. I swear."
"Get the pilot on the radio. And not on the bloody open channel. I want him to do a fly-over and check it out." He had no intention of risking Small or his men on the plane. Mabo descended from the Ratel with dark mutterings regarding the carnal preferences of the occupant's maternal ancestry.
"They will shoot him down. Mr President Sir," Meintjies opined from the fireside.
"We must know what is happening out there. And aren't you being pretty stupid sitting at the fire with a sniper out there somewhere?" he asked, indicating the bush.
"There no longer is a sniper out there. He left a while ago. On horseback."
"You heard him?"
"Yeah. He's not stupid."
Mabo drew up a chair and motioned one of his men to get him some coffee. "So, what do we do?"
"We wait to hear what the pilot says. Maybe something happened at Komati, and not at Skukuza."
From the direction of the Ratel they could hear the radio operator calling the pilot repeatedly, to no avail.
Mabo was becoming more irritated by the minute. To compound his troubles an upper molar had started bothering him last night. At first he had just been aware that the tooth was becoming sensitive to the touch, and ignored it. It was now beginning to throb alarmingly. "You, Sergeant," he called out to one of his men. "Did you give the men a proper burial?"
"We did, Mr President. We buried them deep and packed some rocks on their graves so the hyenas can't get to them."
Mabo grunted. Then he shouted in the direction of the Ratel. "What's taking you so long?"
"Maybe they are not in the aeroplane, Sir."
"Keep trying." He turned to Meintjies: "Your scientists - does any of them know anything about tooth ache?"
"I have no idea, Mr President."
"So go ask them!" he yelled.
"Sure, Mr President," Meintjies replied and got up slowly, strolling over and ducking into the 'Brains'' tent.
"Mabo wants to know if anyone here knows anything about tooth ache."
Everyone either snorted or sniggered. "Hope it gives him hell," someone remarked.
"Come on, people. He's cantankerous enough as it is. I don't want him to become impossible."
"He was born impossible," the same voice said.
"I don't know about teeth, but I know about the bacteria that cause abscesses, which is what this probably is," said an elderly woman with a mouth that resembled a short length of barbed wire. Combined with the facial shape of a quarter pound of cheese she looked like a real old battle-axe. Meintjies recalled her name vaguely as 'Dolla.'
"Dolla, if memory serves me?"
"Seems to serve you very well."
"Excellent. So what can we do about these bacteria?"
"Give him antibiotics. Which we are not likely to have."
"Would you know what antibiotic to give him?"
"Probably anything with a broad spectrum should do."
"Would you please come with me?" he asked and sauntered over to where Mabo was once again threatening the radio operator with all things evil and painful.
"Mr President would you please ask one of your men to find the first aid kit so Dolla here can see if there is any suitable antibiotics in it?"
Mabo grunted and shouted at his sergeant again, who promptly came trotting up with a little box that appeared to have had a red cross on it a long time ago.
Dolla opened it gingerly, to reveal what appeared to be a used bandage and an ancient bottle of Mercurochrome.
"No?" Mabo asked, interpreting her expression.
"No."
"So where do we get some?"
"Hospitals, clinics, pharmacies..."
"OK, so you go get me some in town," he said, pointing in the direction of Malelane. He issued orders to some of his men and one of the Taliwagons was fired up.
"Do you think this is wise, Mr President?" enquired Meintjies. "We have no idea where the sniper is."
"Three armed soldiers, the machine gun and an armed driver. They go," Mabo said, motioning Dolla into the passenger seat.
The driver dropped the clutch and sped off in a cloud of dust and gravel. He had read the surface right - if he had tried it on the tarred road with the dilapidated truck he would probably have stalled it.
*****

Chapter Twelve
Fix got up from where he and his men were having an early morning snack under a big Marula tree, a short distance from where the S-82 joined the H4-2. The Marula had been chosen as cover for who-ever would be triggering the explosives. It had a huge trunk with dense shrubs around the base. In the distance he could see Michael's truck approaching at considerable speed and he stepped up to the side of the road.
The two teams had started out long before daybreak and had already been on their respective sites when Michael's message had come through on the radio. The wiring was nearly complete, and they would start laying the explosives as soon as Michael was past.
Fix was curious to know what had happened and to whom, but he waved Michael through, indicating that he should slow down. Michael gave him a thumbs-up, geared down and accelerated.
Fix shook his head - somehow youth always had to learn the hard way. Cattle saunter onto the road surface, but wildlife tend to burst from the tall grass, doing forty or fifty kilometres an hour. Speeding is downright dangerous around here. Fix triggered his mike once, to let Sam know that Michael had passed his position.

Sam and his team were likewise lounging in the shade of a tree, waiting for Michael to come past.
Maria had slaved all day yesterday with the new samples Sasquatch had kindly left her. The plaster casts of the footprints were of excellent quality, especially those taken in the mud at the water's edge. The footprints were very much like those of a human, but the size made it inconceivable to even think of it as having been made by a human. The length of the stride as well as the depth of the tracks also pointed to something a whole lot bigger and heavier than any man.
The wire had obviously not been cut but broken, which in itself would have required considerable strength and weight. On one of the broken insulators she had found a considerable clump of hair, and then of course there was the faeces.
The hair had not revealed anything new, but the stool sample revealed Sasquatch to be an omnivore. There were traces of a variety of fruit, berries and shoots as well as other plant matter that she was still trying to identify. And a considerable amount of hair from various species including bovine hair. So the cattle thief had been pinpointed beyond doubt. What baffled her and Sam the most was the presence of a few fish scales. If he had the ability to catch fish, be it through speed, stealth or skill, it put his aquatic prowess in a class of its own.
The origin and the presence of Sasquatch was an enigma that had them speculating late into the night. Now that his presence had become known to all, various others joined in the discussion as well.
If he had been present in the Kruger Park in the old days when it had still been run as a game park and tourist attraction, he would not have been able to avoid detection. The roads had been full of tourists scanning the bush eagerly, looking for wildlife. There were many rangers, patrolling regularly, even on foot and by bicycle. He would have left signs and he would have left tracks.
The general consensus was the he must have existed in the impenetrable jungles of some of our Northern neighbours like The Congo, the Cote D'ivoire, Uganda or some such remote wilderness. As man started disappearing from the face of the earth, it afforded Sasquatch more living room and its habitat had expanded.
Sam was pulled from his reverie by the sound of the approaching truck. Michael screeched to a stop when he saw his dad on the road.
"We had no choice but to break radio silence, dad. Two were sleeping in the plane's cockpit, two outside. At first light they were attacked by a pride of man eaters. We had to intervene as we knew there were civilians in the group. Fortunately they were the ones in the cockpit. One of the victims started shooting wildly, spraying the plane in the process. Both seriously wounded."
"Nkosi, we can talk later," Aaron said from the back of the truck where he had been monitoring the wounded. "These men are dying. We must hurry."
"Go ahead," Sam said. We're just finishing up here. See you in Skukuza. Good work - if we can pull them through they can probably tell us a lot."
*
What used to be the laundry in Skukuza had over time been converted to a well-equipped hospital under the watchful eye of Dr Mocke. The hospital boasted two wards with three beds each. There was even a theatre, with Boyles machine and all. Back when the looting was in full swing, drugs were in high demand and as a result most hospitals and clinics had been trashed. Fortunately the hop-heads had no interest in equipment and instruments they had no comprehension of. A lot of the items had been destroyed through sheer frustration or vandalism, but in general Sam's teams had a lot to pick and choose from.
Hence Dr Mocke's pride and joy. He insisted on regular coats of new paint and the small garden was a pleasure to behold. Both he and Dr Peixotto were having tea on the front porch, awaiting their patients about whom they knew nothing. The only information they had was what Lance had told them - two serious casevacs, and that the truck had already passed Lower Sabi.
The generator had already been started and they were as ready as could be. They were both deep in thought, visualising and anticipating the imminent stress and action. From the corner of his eye Dr Mocke caught a movement in the garden shrubs. It was Houdi trotting around and sniffing on everything. "You know, Carlos, in more peaceful times that little animal could have been the subject of serious research on the so-called sixth sense," he said. "I have watched him often when Michael has managed to give him the slip. He would simply disappear into the bush for days on end, but he bloody-well knows when Michael is on his way back. He appears from nowhere and runs around all over the place, getting under everyone's feet and on everyone's nerves."
They both heard the truck approaching and got up in anticipation. The hospital did not have a single patient at present, and the Skukuza clan seemed to be an extraordinarily healthy lot. They could do with a bit of serious work.
Maria and her two understudies were in attendance to act as nurses and gofers in general. The hospital did not yet have a ramp, but they did have stretchers. In no time both patients were on gurneys in the small emergency room. The 'nurses' were cleaning them up as best they could while the doctors checked the wounds and the vitals. Both the patients were unconscious.
Small had several superficial wounds from glass and other shrapnel, but only the wound on the back of his head was of immediate concern. All his vital signs were fair and the bleeding had stopped.
The pilot, however, was in bad shape and it was decided to attend to him first, while keeping a watchful eye on Small. Their fairly aromatic clothes were cut off to be replaced with something cleaner, and the pilot was wheeled into theatre.
While Dr Mocke was setting up several drips he asked Peixotto to determine the man's blood group and then check the files at reception to see if there was a suitable donor in Skukuza.
"This one is in pretty bad shape," he said, inspecting the pilot's wounds more closely. "This one might have nicked his right kidney, or even the pedicle," he said, indicating the entry and exit wounds.
Once the blood group had been determined Peixotto delegated the job of searching for and finding a donor to Linda and Mathilde. He then returned to the theatre where he would administer the general anaesthetic while Dr Mocke did the surgery. Small was still unconscious but stable.

After a rapturous welcome by Houdi, Michael had a quick shower and returned to the hospital. He wanted to know if either of the patients had regained consciousness and could tell him something.
Linda and Mathilde had identified two donors for the pilot. One was still out with Fix but the other was the lady who ran the bakery.
Michael immediately fetched her with the truck. She was phobic about needles, but consented to the procedure in the light of it being a life and death situation. Dr Peixotto did the honours, and the pilot soon had new hope dripping into him.
Dr Mocke wasn't enthusiastic about the pilot's chances as he placed the final sutures. "This is very touch and go, Carlos," he said to Peixotto. "He was pretty shot up, but the surgery went well. He should survive that. But I think he is in hypovolemic shock. I simply can't get his blood pressure up - any further suggestions?"
Peixotto shook his head. "You have done everything possible. Nothing else to do but wait and hope for the best. Let's look at the other one while this one recovers from the anaesthetic."
The pilot was wheeled into one of the wards and Small took his place in the theatre. While Small was having his skull shaved Michael drew up a chair and sat down next to the pilot's bed, waiting anxiously.
*
Dolla feared for her life as the mad cowboy behind the wheel went careening around corners, tyres screeching. The first two pharmacies they had stopped at, one of which had been partially burnt down, had nothing to offer. In the hospital the stench made her gag. It was clear that scavengers had been in and out of the wards for a long time, feeding on human remains. There were heaps of dung in the passages and hallways, and the soldiers were waving their rifles about nervously. The door to the dispensary had been broken to shreds. Pills in containers, pills in bubble packs, and loose pills were everywhere. Bottles had been smashed and gels and ointments squashed out of tubes that had burst underfoot. Every drawer and cabinet had been broken open and emptied. Dolla shook her head in disbelief and started sifting through the thousands of pills.
"We have to get out of here," the driver said, waving his rifle about nervously.
She ignored him, looking at the labels of any containers that still had pills in them. She found a bottle of mild painkillers, which she pocketed.
"OK, we go now," the driver said.
She shook her head. "These are not the right pills. We have to find the right pills first."
Supplements, vitamins, miracle drugs... she was still delving when the guard in the passage shouted a warning. She could clearly hear nails slipping on the linoleum floor. Then an AK opened up on full auto. The noise was deafening in the confined space. Soldiers were trying to get into the passage to help with the shooting, but it was over before they could get their bearings. A short distance down the passage the body of some sort of terrier was lying in a pool of blood.
"We leave now," the driver said, taking Dolla by the elbow and half-dragging her out of the dispensary.
"I do not have the pills for the President!"
"What could we do, if there were no pills?"
"You know very well what he will do. We have to keep looking!"
They hit pay dirt in a dental surgery. A sign had led them up a narrow staircase where, to her amazement, the soldiers had to break down the frosted glass door. The place hadn't been ransacked, and was neat and tidy, albeit a little dusty.
While she was looking through the medicine cabinet, the soldiers were horsing around with the dental chair and the equipment. Some of the equipment did seem pretty intimidating. She did not need to understand the language to know who the target of their amusement was. Their antics were filled with expressions of severe pain screams of laughter.
After a brief search she found what she was looking for: a penicillin augmented by clavulanic acid. Should do the trick. "Let's go!" she called out to her boisterous escort.
They were still laughing as they got onto the Taliwagon.
*
At around noon the pilot seemed to be making a great effort to regain consciousness. By then both Sam and Fix's teams had returned to base, and both men had joined Michael at the pilot's bedside. They were anxious to get information out of the man - it might be crucial to their survival.
Dr Mocke had told them that the head injury of the other patient was also serious and the prognosis was uncertain. The skull had not been penetrated, but there was some brain haemorrhage that might lead to what he called a cerebral incident. On a request for translation into English, he said anything could happen. He might regain consciousness and he might not. He might have permanent damage, and he might not. Only time would tell.

They had planted and camouflaged their explosives and laid the thin wires to the spots from where the explosions would be initiated. Fix had done an excellent job in modifying the mines and Claymores so that no animal could set something off. Until the batteries were connected it was just so much useless ordnance. But they had to have an idea when Mabo and his men would be moving up the road, how many, and with what. For all they knew he was already in Komati. One of the patients simply had to regain consciousness and talk to them.
The fact that they had been conveniently present at the time of the lion attack is also bound to alert Mabo to the fact that they were in all probability onto him regarding the radio ploy. He would know the moment he found the plane. Which was going to be a serious complication.
The pilot let out a low groan and his eyes fluttered. Everybody perked up. The man started rising to a sitting position with great effort and before Sam could lean over to press him down gently, he fell back again like a rag doll, dead as a doornail.
"Fuck me," Fix broke the ensuing silence. Dr Mocke checked for signs of life and shook his head with regret.
Like one man they turned to Small in the next bed.
*****

Chapter Thirteen
Mabo was ranting by the time the antibiotics arrived. The driver did his utmost to placate him, explaining about the destruction and the packs of feral dogs and all the other dangers and obstacles. The others who had been on the Taliwagon backed him in a chorus.
Dolla did her best to warn Mabo to the fact that it would take the antibiotics at least twenty four to thirty six hours to kick in. She gave him the pain killers to tide him over. She neglected to inform him that the capsules were mild, and would in all probability make no difference. There was already a distinct swelling on the right side of his face.
It was past noon and they had still not made contact with the plane. Mabo was a worried man in a hurry. He had everyone jumping and the convoy was soon on its way. They made excellent time over the first five kilometres and Mabo's spirits were just lifting, when one of his men pointed out a pall of smoke dead ahead. He squinted. Maybe a kilometre. "What do you think?" was his customary question to Meintjies.
"Obviously an ambush by the sniper. Who else would be lighting a fire in this godforsaken part of the world?"
"Eh?"
"Slowly drive to that next rise in the road and stop short of cresting it. Let the rest of the convoy wait here, but they must take up defensive positions and be prepared to ward off an attack."
"Who will be attacking them?" Mabo wanted to know.
"Probably no-one. But better safe than sorry. I am still convinced this man is acting on his own."

Meintjies had the Ratel stop halfway up the steep hill, and walked to the top. Mabo, in a bullet proof vest, was hard on his heels. As they approached the crest Meintjies motioned for them to leave the road and proceed cautiously through the bushes lining the road. They crawled the last bit to the summit, trying to cause as little disturbance in the vegetation as possible. Meintjies peered over the crest and brought the binoculars to his eyes, making sure he was shielding the lenses.
Mabo was still behind him, face pressed to the soil.
Some four hundred yards down the road there was a bridge crossing a stream bordered by wide reed banks. Two tanker trucks, both of which were burning fiercely, were obstructing the bridge. Meintjies started scanning the area to either side of the bridge. The area was mostly flat, sugar cane fields being taken over by natural growth.
"What is it?" Mabo wanted to know.
"He has set fire to two trucks obstructing the road. There's only one place he can be," Meintjies said, focusing the binoculars on a solitary granite hill less than two hundred yards upstream from the burning trucks. That, and the hill on which they were, were the only two vantage points offering an unobstructed view of the conflagration. Had they driven up to the bridge and disembarked the sniper would have had a great time.
He scanned the hill with great care but was unable to spot the sniper. The moment he lowered his head, the thin stem of a sapling exploded inches from him, followed by the sound of the shot.
"That's my boy," he said, slightly short of breath. "He sure knows his stuff - he's got us nicely pinned down here, all on his own. And he knows how to shoot."
"So we flush him with the Ratel," Mabo said.
"The problem is, the hill is on the other side of the stream. We have to get the Ratel across the bridge first."
"It's got six-wheel drive. Why don't we go straight through the stream?"
"Those wide reed banks indicate a swamp. If we get stuck we're totally stuffed. Without the Ratel he will pick us off one by one. Even if some of us manage to make it back to the convoy, we would have to turn around and get the hell out of this area permanently. He's got us by the short and curlies."
"So what do we do now?" The whine was back in Mabo's voice.
Meintjies lowered his head on his arms and spent some time in deep thought.
"Eh?" Mabo said again. "What do we do now? We have to get to Komati and find the plane. Then we need to take Skukuza."
"Yeah, I know all that. The only way is to wait for the fire to die down and the wrecks to start cooling off. Then we go in with the Ratel and winch one of the trucks off the bridge. The moment we can get the Ratel across he will hightail it. He won't risk being cornered on his hill."
"That will take the rest of the day!"
"It had better not. By the time darkness falls we need to be bloody far away from here, otherwise we'll have a repeat performance of last night. You got any alternatives? Mr President?"
Mabo grunted, touching the side of his face gingerly and flinching.
*
Small was totally unresponsive. He seemed to be sleeping deeply and peacefully.
Dr Mocke raised his shoulders in a shrug. "He's in a deep coma, but all his vitals are good. We'll just have to wait it out."
"Damn," Sam said softly. "We'll have to be on standby at the ambush sites. Fix, do we have any more of the mini-fences? The bush has simply become too dangerous to camp without one."
With their hasty departure from the airfield that morning everything had been left behind. To venture down to Komati now to retrieve their equipment might well lead them right into the lion's jaws, so to speak.
"Nope, had only the one. I can make up more, but that will take time."
"Which is something we don't have. Sleeping in the vehicles is the only option. Fix, take someone and go man your post. One click on the mike once they're past you. Michael, you and Aaron go to the one at Lower Sabi. Wait till they're right in the middle of it before you set it off. We can't afford to let this develop into a firefight. We need to take out everyone in one go if possible."
"Looks like there may be more civilians," Michael said, indicating Small and the corpse of the pilot.
"I've given it a lot of thought, but there's really no other way to do it. Even if we could have taken them on and fight selectively, they will use any civilians they may have as hostages. If we allow this to deteriorate into a hostage drama we're goners. We simply can't risk that - we have too much to lose. Sorry."
"Fair enough," Fix said. "Let's get the show on the road."

Michael and Aaron had selected their campsite with care. The ground under the dense canopy on the river bank was devoid of any other vegetation, as sunlight did not penetrate the thick foliage. The massive trunks of the gigantic water figs stood far apart, immense sentinels in the silence.
They had carefully inspected Sam and his team's handiwork to familiarise themselves with the location of each and every device. Most of the explosives were so well camouflaged that they had to follow the wires to locate them. They were convinced that, even if the attackers came in behind foot patrols, they weren't going to be aware of anything till the explosives were set off.
The fully charged battery was in place, with a back-up next to it. All they had to do was clip on the two battery clamps and flip the switch. Their campsite was a mere thirty yards down the riverbank.
Then they had chopped down thorny branches and young trees and dragged them to the campsite. The truck had been backed up so the rear fender was tight up against a big tee, and the branches were stacked high and dense in a semicircle, forming a wall with thorns on the outside. Before closing off their campsite they had made sure they had more than enough firewood to last through the night.
Michael, sitting with his back to the tree surveyed their handiwork with satisfaction. A bit of overkill maybe, but their little fort was well-nigh impenetrable. And the noise of anything tough enough to barge through the barrier would give them ample time to shoot a lot of big holes in it.
After a light dinner Michael started to nod off, still with his back to the tree.
"Time we retire to the truck," Aaron suggested.
"Nah," Michael replied sleepily, pulling his rifle and spotlight closer. "Too cramped. We're as safe as can be behind this wall of thorns. Nothing can get through it without waking the dead."
"Nkosi, you forget..." Aaron pointed upwards. "Danger can also come from up there."
Michael glanced up at the seemingly impenetrable roof of branches and foliage blocking out the moon and the stars. It bounced back the light of the fire like the roof of a cave.
With a sigh he picked up his rifle and spotlight and headed for the cramped confines of the truck. "Yeah, you're right," he said.
*
When the Ratel came to a stop it was touching one of the burnt-out trucks. Meintjies had picked the one furthest from the sniper's hill, and he had the driver manoeuvre the Ratel so that its rear end faced the hill. The moment he opened the turret a bullet whanged off the armour.
"Get stuffed," he mumbled, knowing that he had foiled the sniper. With the turret open it acted as a shield while he crawled down over the front of the Ratel to where the winch was located.
The wreck was still unbearably hot and Meintjies was wearing the leather gloves favoured by the driver. He attached the winch to the rear axle of the tanker, and started issuing instructions to the driver. He had the Ratel back up as far as the winch cable would allow, keeping the vehicle between himself and the hill all the time. With the brakes fully locked, the driver engaged the winch. As the tanker started sliding across the surface, two more shots ricocheted harmlessly off the armoured vehicle.
"Tough shit, Buddy," Meintjies mumbled at the sniper who must be pretty frustrated by now. "Better get your stuff together end get the hell out of here."
As soon as the gap was wide enough to let the trucks through, Mabo radioed the convoy, keeping his message as curt as possible. "Bring the trucks."
There were no more shots as Meintjies crawled back into the Ratel. He didn't even bother to close the hatch again as they roared across the bridge. The moment they reached the other side Mabo instructed the driver to leave the road and head straight for the hill.
"No need, Mr President. All you'll find there will be spent cartridges and hoof prints. Let's rather get some distance between ourselves and this guy."
Mabo grunted assent and swallowed more pills. He was beginning to resemble a pumpkin.
*
They reached the Komati airfield by mid-afternoon. The Ratel's gearbox was developing an ominous whine and one of the trucks had broken down.
Before allowing the convoy onto the runway a careful recce of the surrounding area had been done with the Ratel and one of the Taliwagons. Everyone had been warned to be on the lookout for booby traps before they gingerly approached the Pilatus.
Once certain that the coast was clear Mabo emerged from the Ratel and started assessing the evidence of the catastrophe. Even though he was no Einstein he put the picture together fairly accurately. Sifting through the stuff that had been on the back of Michael's truck he came across the signs they intended posting at the entrance to the Park.
Meintjies showed no sign of it, but the notices opened a new avenue to him. If he could get to that radio at reception unnoticed... It was in all probability tuned in on a wavelength specific for local use by the Skukuza clan.
"Search the area. They must have had an observation post nearby," Mabo instructed. "And you," he pointed at one of his men, "get a toolbox and remove my antenna from this plane. And all the equipment that is connected to it. I am going to need it again."
"Small and the pilot were obviously both wounded and were taken to Skukuza," he said to Meintjies. "So now they know everything about us. We have to change our plans."
"Obviously," Meintjies responded. "The first thing we need is a decent map, which we are sure to find in the local ranger's office. You want me to take a Taliwagon and go find one?"
Mabo was only too well aware of the fact that the leash on which he held Meintjies could slip in an instant. Back in the city he had complete control because Meintjies knew no-one would survive out there on their own. Here, the proximity of the freedom that Skukuza could possibly offer can change the rules in the blink of an eye. The fact that Small and the pilot were probably already over there, spilling their guts changed a lot of things. Mabo was under no illusion that he shouldn't expect the least bit of loyalty from Meintjies. Some of his own men would probably change sides if they thought they could get away with it.
"You think I am stupid? We will..." He was interrupted by an excited shout from one of his men.
"We have found their campsite, Mr President!"
They drove over in one of the Taliwagons. Even the act of walking was by now causing Mabo agony.
The campsite had been left in a shambles during the pandemonium at the plane. Mabo immediately commandeered the electric fence. And everything else, for that matter.
Mabo assumed correctly that the signs had been meant to be put up at the entrance to the Park, and therefore deducted that mines would only be encountered once inside the Park. He was now also certain beyond any doubt that Skukuza was listening to everything said on his radios. He ordered a total radio silence. No exceptions.
"Now we go find a map," he said.
Even though he was certain the road was clear, he ordered one of the Taliwagons to maintain a distance of one hundred metres ahead of the Ratel. Just in case.

On reaching the entrance to the Park Mabo ordered two of his soldiers to check out the reception area, admin offices and the office of the game ranger.
When they signalled the all clear, Mabo strode into reception purposefully, with Meintjies hard on his heels. Meintjies' eyes were still scanning for the radio mentioned on the signs, when Mabo spotted it. He drew his pistol and emptied the magazine into the radio, sending pieces flying all over the place.
"What the hell did you do that for?" Meintjies asked in the ensuing silence.
"I am not stupid," Mabo replied, releasing his pistol's slide on a fresh magazine with a resounding 'clack'.
Meintjies' hope of salvation had just expired with thirteen 9mm rounds through its innards.
"Now we find a map".
The detailed map was pulled off the wall and the entire contents of the desk swept to the floor of the office without ceremony. 'Nice-looking woman', Meintjies thought as a gilt-framed photograph of a lithe young woman and two small daughters went flying into a wall, spraying the office with more glass.
"Now," Mabo said, pointing to the road leading into the park from their present position. "This is where they are waiting for us, so this is where we are not going to be. How else are we going to get to Skukuza?" It was obvious he was talking to Meintjies, who was studying the map intently. The last thing Meintjies wanted was to blunder straight into an ambush, where the whole convoy would probably be blown up, including himself and the other civilians. He had to hope and believe he would get another chance at a Park radio at one of the other entry gates. It was going to be pretty tough convincing Mabo.
"Mr President," he said, trying to act the military strategist to the hilt. "They've been onto us on the radio all along, so they have been spying on the airfield, expecting the plane. Without doubt they were hoping to determine our strength and strategy once the convoy arrives. Fortunately the lion attack put a spanner in the works, otherwise we would have walked right into it. Unfortunately, however, they now have two blabbering informants. Small knows every detail of the planned Trojan horse plan. So that's no longer a feasible option. Neither is this route," he said, indicating Lower Sabi. "Or the other bypasses, shortcuts and firebreaks. They know we're onto them, so they'll be watching those as well, and the first mines are probably ten yards down the road. The only option is to do something totally unexpected."
"Such as?"
"Hitting them from the blind side."
Mabo perked up, momentarily forgetting about his pain and grotesquely swollen face. "How?"
"By the sound of the Ratel's gearbox it's not going to make it all the way back to Nelspruit, then up to Hoedspruit to enter the Park from there." He indicated the route on the map. "The next best option is right here," he said, pointing out Malelane Gate on the map.
Mabo jerked back in horror. "We are not going back into that madman's territory," he said.
"Mr President, that's the last thing he would expect. We will catch him totally unawares. He is no threat during daylight hours as long as we have the Ratel. What we do, is camp about ten clicks from Malelane. We then leave before first light, so by the time he wakes up we're long gone and into the Park. By seven am we're through Malelane, with twelve hours to spare before sunset. With the Ratel and two Taliwagons he wouldn't dare try anything in daylight."
"He did yesterday," Mabo mumbled morosely.
"Only because we couldn't get across the river. The moment we crossed the bridge he fled. We read the situation correctly, and he didn't even get close to hitting anybody."
Mabo stood staring at the map for a long time, thinking deeply. He tentatively touched his face with his fingertips and flinched. He was clearly in excruciating pain.
"Mr President," Meintjies said, "that tooth will have to come out and the abscess drained. The moment the pus drains, the pressure is gone, and with it the pain."
"I thought you don't know about teeth."
"I don't. But I do now about abscesses - which this clearly is."
Mabo mumbled something, then made up his mind. "It is getting late - can we still make it to Malelane?"
"If we really move our backsides, and maybe do the last bit after dark."
"We keep going till the sun sets and camp, even if we are still thirty clicks from Malelane. No lights."
*****

Chapter Fourteen
Michael hardly got any sleep. It seemed as if the jumble of thoughts in his head also took up some of the space in the cramped confines of the truck, making him even more claustrophobic.
He got out to take a leak and added more wood to the fire. The bush was eerily silent and not a leaf stirred. The brooding heat was oppressive and it was as if the usual predators and scavengers had taken the night off. Houdi was also restless, patrolling the enclosed area in small circles, sniffing the wind every now and then.
"You must get back into the truck, Kleinbaas ('Little Boss')," Aaron said.
"Yes, Big Boss," Michael said, taking the Mickey out of Aaron. He complied nevertheless and settled down once again with his living scarf draping itself over his shoulders.
He had a fitful dream of trying to run through a dense field of waist high vegetation. On the surface the vegetation appeared soft and benign with green, velvety leaves. Down where his feet were, down where he couldn't see, the plants had thin, strong vines. These kept entangling him while something big and heavy was gaining on him relentlessly.
Something heavy hit the side of the truck with a resounding crash, making the vehicle rock on its suspension. Both men were instantly alert, scanning the direct vicinity with their spotlights. Nothing was moving inside their thorny kraal. The safeties were off as they gingerly exited the truck behind the muzzles their rifles. Aaron froze when he was halfway out.
"Eish!" he exclaimed. "Stay in the truck." Aaron followed his spotlight with the muzzle of his rifle through the leaf canopy, searching.
Michael was also out by now, doing the same.
Nothing stirred. As Michael stepped around the truck he saw what had given Aaron such a fright. On the ground, next to the truck was a dead kudu. There was a huge dent in the side of the truck.
"No way," Michael whispered, and whipped his light around once more, trying to cover the whole of the kraal at the same time. Nothing had been disturbed. There wasn't the slightest gap or opening.
The two men came to the same conclusion and stared at each other.
"No fucking way," Michael softly repeated in awe.
*
Mabo was sitting at the table in his tent, just brooding and staring at nothing. They had pitched camp some fifteen kilometres short of Malelane, and the cooking fires were going strong.
"Bring the woman to me," Mabo broke the silence, exploring his oral cavity gingerly with thumb and forefinger.
"What woman?" Meintjies asked.
"The one who gave me these useless pills."
"She told you it would take time, Mr President. By tomorrow evening you will definitely start feeling better."
"Bring the woman."
Meintjies rose with a sigh and went to fetch Dolla.
She did not extend a greeting when she entered the tent, but just stood looking at Mabo in silence. He was looking rather terrible with the right side of his face swollen to twice the normal size, his right eye lost in there somewhere.
"Your pills are not working"
"They are, Mr President. The swelling should start going down by the end of tomorrow."
"Meintjies tells me the abscess will be drained immediately if we pull out the tooth," Mabo grumbled.
Dolla winced at the thought. "I concur, Mr President. But I don't know of anyone in this camp who can remove a tooth. Most definitely not me."
"The tooth is loose. You got the pills from the surgery of a dentist, yes?"
"Yes, Mr President. Right in the middle of town."
"We go there now," he said, looking at Meintjies challengingly.
"I've told you before, not at night. You will get everybody killed, including yourself. Our lights will draw the sniper like a magnet. First light, Mr President."

Technically it was still too dark to drive without lights, but Mabo had them on the move at the first promise of dawn. The convoy was initially moving at a snail's pace in the gloom, but they were soon moving along at a fair clip.
The driver who had visited the surgery with Dolla was leading the way in his Taliwagon, and the sun was barely up by the time they stopped in front of the building. Mabo deployed his men, and had Meintjies, Dolla and his two regular bodyguards accompany him, motioning for Dolla to lead the way.
Both Meintjies and Mabo were duly impressed: the only disturbance evident in the surgery was the open door of the medicine cabinet.
"OK," Mabo said to Meintjies as he sat down in the dental chair and threw his head back, opening his mouth as far as the swelling would allow. "You take it out now."
Exchanging glances with Dolla, Meintjies leaned closer, taking a look with his hands behind his back.
"First, we'll need some light. Have them bring us a torch. Two torches."
Mabo issued an order and one of his guards shouted something in Shangaan down the stairs.
Meintjies found a box of surgical gloves and masks on a cabinet, donned them and indicate to Dolla to follow suit. She didn't seem very inclined, but obliged. Then Meintjies started inspecting the neat labels on the many little cupboards and drawers. Most of them didn't make any sense at all. He found one that said 'Anaesthetic'. It contained ten syringes, lots of different sizes of disposable needles, and boxes of various types of local anaesthetic in tiny glass cartridges. He packed some of them on a tray with great flourish. Mabo's eyes never left his hands.
Then he found a cabinet labelled 'Surgical'. In it there was a drawer labelled 'Forceps.' Mabo was now definitely on edge, and Meintjies was beginning to enjoy himself. He was amazed at the many shapes and sizes of extraction forceps on display. He picked several up randomly and tested their action before returning them to the drawer.
Without making his selection, he turned to Mabo with a dental mirror in his hand, snapping his fingers for a torch. "Which one?"
Mabo pointed at the offending molar without touching it. "You have to inject first," he said. Definitely a slight crack in the voice.
Meintjies inspected the tooth and touched it ever so lightly with the mirror.
"Aaaargh!" Mabo screamed, pressing his head back into the chair and lifting his buttocks right off it.
"Hmmm..." Meintjies sounded as if he had just made a remarkable diagnosis. "Definitely very mobile - shouldn't be a problem."
With Mabo watching his every move with his single eye, Meintjies screwed the longest needle he could find onto one of the syringes. Then he picked up four cartridges of different kinds and loaded one into the syringe. "Open wide. Mr President."
Meintjies administered four injections on the four corners of the tooth. The two in the palate definitely evoked screams of a different timbre. "There, there, Mr President, the worst is over," he said with reassuring pats on the thick forearm. "Now we have to wait a while."
Dolla was hoping fervently that Mabo was too preoccupied to make the connection between his screams and the outbursts of hilarity in the street below.
Meintjies' attention was drawn to a finely detailed picture of tooth and jaw anatomy on the wall. He stepped closer and inspected it minutely. "Hmmmm," he said, and turned back to the forceps drawer. After a moment of contemplation he picked one and returned to the picture, studying it once more. He held the forceps up next to the picture. "No," he said. "Wrong side." He discarded the forceps and picked another, which appeared to be a mirror image of the first one.
"Hah!" he exclaimed with satisfaction when he held it up against the picture once more. "Two roots this side, one on the inside. Yeah. Perfect fit. Piece of cake." He turned to Mabo. "Ready?"
"No. The injection didn't do anything. It hurts the same as before."
"No problem," Meintjies said, preparing another syringe. "We've got lots of this stuff." He seemed to be really getting into the swing of things now.
Mabo screamed a lot less with the next set of four injections, a sure sign that the anaesthetic was having at least some effect.
Meintjies gave him another five minutes and clicked the forceps experimentally. "OK, let's get it done."
"No." Mabo was clearly terrified. "It still hurts."
"Mr President, we have been static here for much too long. The sniper had probably heard us coming in, and the more time we give him, the more schemes he can come up with to make our lives a misery."
Mabo kept his jaws clamped stubbornly, not saying anything.
Meintjies let out an exasperated sigh and dropped the forceps back into the tray. "OK, Mr President. The antibiotics will probably start kicking in by tomorrow anyway." He started heading for the door.
"No. Do it. Now." Mabo freshened his grip on the arms of the chair, opened his mouth and closed his eye.
It started out as a low moan even before the forceps made any contact. Meintjies took careful aim and seated the forceps firmly in a single move. He clamped it tight and started wriggling and yanking on it. The noise was deafening and Mabo was doing his best to jerk away, but Meintjies realised that there was definitely going to be one chance only, and this was it. He was amazed at the tenacity of a seemingly loose tooth.
It came free with a loud crack, and Mabo leaned over the side of the chair, drooling copious amounts of blood, pus and saliva, with tears streaming down his face. The stench was horrific.
Meintjies inspected the tooth still clamped in the forceps. Three big roots, one of which might be missing a little piece, but that was of no consequence. Although he was mighty pleased with his accomplishment, he half expected his patient to draw his pistol and give him the same treatment as the radio at Komati. His hand was hovering near the butt of his own pistol as he stood back to give Mabo room to get off the chair.
Mabo grabbed him in a bear hug, slapping him on the back and drooling evil-smelling stuff all over him. The relief on his face was bordering on comic. "My man! You're the best! You did it!"
*
Sleep had eluded Sam, and the early hours of darkness found him sitting on the front porch, deep in thought. Domingo, Franco, Moya and Lance had been with him in his office till late, discussing plans and strategies.
They simply had to know what the opposition was planning and what their strength was. Small had not shown the slightest sign of regaining consciousness, which left them totally in the dark. The only thing positive about it was that Mabo was unaware of the death of the pilot and Small's coma. On the downside it might prompt him into an immediate attack, or a total change of plan if he thought everything had been made known to Skukuza. So they simply did not have the slightest clue as to what to expect: it was imperative that they found out.
After an interminable debate it had been decided that they had to use the helicopter once again, whether Sam liked it or not. Moya obviously loved it. After the Mozambique excursion Fix had drained the fuel from the helicopter and serviced it. They would tank up with fuel from a sealed container before using it again. The chopper would be followed by road with two bakkies, six heavily armed men on each.
Due to the radios not being secure they had no way of giving their ambush teams advance warning, for fear of alerting Mabo to their movements.
The chopper would proceed ahead of the ground teams to inform the men at both sites. It would then go on to Komati at low level along the H4-2. Radio silence would be maintained until such time they spotted the invaders, which would mean the chopper had already been heard and seen. Everything would then start going noisy and be out in the open.
*
The carcass was still warm. Except for the fact that the kudu's neck had been broken there wasn't a mark on the large antelope.
The darkness was once again alive with the usual sounds - it was as if a mysterious dark cloak had been lifted, letting life back into the bush once more. The red eyes of bush babies were once again visible in the canopy, and there was continuous movement of the foliage as they jumped from branch to branch, hunting the insects of the night. Large fruit bats swept through the beams of their spotlights, and a rare fish owl sounded off overhead.
Both men were still stunned by what had transpired, and it was as if making eye contact would confirm that it had actually happened. Michael switched off his spotlight, leaned his rifle against the tree and piled more wood onto the fire.
"Coffee?" he asked Aaron.
"Yebo," Aaron confirmed and joined him, leaning with his back against the base of the tree.
They stared into the flames in silence, and as the water came to the boil Michael made two mugs of coffee. As he sat down again, he scratched Houdi behind the ears. "How the hell did all this get past you, you dopey bugger?" Houdi seemed to be quite unruffled by all the drama. Which was strange.
"Why?" Michael asked after the first aromatic sip.
"I don't know. I also don't know how. That carcass wasn't dropped from above: it was thrown over the kraal - the dent is on the side of the truck. That is not possible."
"Obviously, to Sasquatch it's possible. Can you imagine anything being able to throw a kudu fifteen metres, over a three metre barrier? And why the hell would he do it? To show off his strength?"
"To what end? I don't think so."
"We both know it was him who took the kudu at Nwanetzi. Is he making amends? Is it coincidence that this is also a kudu? Is it an offering, or is it a threat?"
Aaron shook his head in puzzlement. "Kleinbaas, I do not know the answers to this. But for the first time in my life something is scaring the hell out of me."
"Yeah, me too."
"I think there is a bad spell on that kudu. We must get rid of it," Aaron said.
"No!" Michael said vehemently. "If it had been an offering or amendment, it would be offensive to get rid of the carcass. I will gut it, skin it and quarter it. We will take half with us when we leave, and the other half we will leave here, wrapped in the skin. I will tie it high in the tree so the scavengers can't get it."
"Kleinbaas, you are playing with fire."
"No, I am not. Something just tells me I don't want to... uh, get on the wrong side of this guy. Or thing, or whatever." He got up, fetched his skinning knife and got to work. Daylight was near.

He had just finished and cleaned himself up when Michael heard the chopper. With a frown he started removing the branches in order to get out of the kraal and onto the road. The lack of open radio communication had everyone on edge.
The Huey flared down to a perfect landing, and Michael rushed up to Sam the moment he disembarked. "Trouble, Dad?"
"No, nothing critical. We're just trying to figure out what's happening. The pilot died, and the other one is still in a coma, so we're worried about what they're going to do about what they find at Komati."
"Dad, something weird happened here this morning," Michael said, and started telling the story. As Moya came over after shutting down the chopper, he had to start all over again. By the time he was finished, both Sam and Moya were staring at him, dumbstruck.
"That's impossible," Sam said.
"I couldn't agree more. There's something weird going on here. It was as if the whole of nature just suddenly went quiet, waiting for something. The lions stopped roaring, the hyenas fell silent, even the bush babies stopped moving. Shit, even the bats stopped flying."
"I will not insult you by asking if you had any wild mushrooms with your sheba last night, but let's not go the voodoo route with this. Everything has an explanation."
"Not this time, it doesn't," Michael said. "We were here. It was eerie."
They went down the embankment to look at the scene. "So where's the carcass?" Sam asked, inspecting the huge dent in the fender.
Michael pointed upwards.
"I really think you're getting a little carried away with this. Do you seriously think of it as a token of friendship?"
"You know Dad, I've had this... feeling for a while now, that Sasquatch is watching us. He is measuring us, evaluating us. He is learning about us, weighing us..."
"Oh come on, Michael. He's nothing more than a glorified ape."
"He's much more than that, Dad. Do you remember Houdi's reaction during the first couple of incidents? Last night Houdi seemed to be quite laid back during the whole thing. He must have smelled Sasquatch himself, and the whole of the carcass must have been reeking of Sasquatch. Houdi never lifted a single hair and didn't growl once."
"It is said that he can choose to smell," Aaron said. "If he chooses to, he can emanate a smell that warns every animal in the bush of extreme danger. Everything freezes or hides. Other times he cannot be smelled at all."
"Probably some pheromone he can secrete at will," Michael said.
"Ummm..." Sam said sceptically. "We'd better get up to the road - I can hear the ground crew coming."

For the next five minutes Sasquatch was the only topic and everybody kept stealing glances at the surrounding bush, barely managing to keep their fingers outside the trigger guards.
Sam clapped his hands for attention. "All right, people, enough of that. All still quiet for as far as Fix's position, so we'll fly down and wait for the ground team there. We will then proceed down the H4-2 to Komatipoort with the ground support following as fast as they can. The moment we spot Mabo, we'll break the radio silence with further instructions, depending on what we see. In the highly unlikely event we don't see anything that warrants breaking the radio silence we'll fly straight back along the same route."

Basically the same speech was made at Fix's location, and then Sam and Moya headed for Komatipoort. Moya took the chopper high, and Sam had his eyes glued to his binoculars, scanning the road ahead.
The closer they got to Komati without any sign of life, the more puzzled Sam became.
"The fact that they've stopped using their own radios means they did find their plane, and know we are on to them." By now they were overflying the gate and reception area.
"Give Reception another sweep, low and fast."
Moya obliged, and then gained altitude once more, heading for the town itself.
"The convoy left some tracks on the soft shoulder on the wrong side of the roundabout - it seems they've made a U-turn. Let's check out the town."
Except for a lone hyena cantering down the middle of the main road, the town was also devoid of life.
"Airfield?" Moya asked.
"Jip."
After circling the airfield and surroundings several times at progressively lower altitude, they were eventually convinced it was not a trap, and there was not a soul for miles. They landed next to the Pilatus.

"Come and have a look at this," Sam said to Moya after a while. When she came over he pointed out the holes in the nose of the Pilatus where the antenna had been removed. A washer and a nut had been dropped right beneath. Sam leaned into the cockpit, where the hyenas and other scavengers had started chewing on the blood-soaked leather upholstery. "Even pulled out the innards. Seems the guy is still intent on continuing his search for heaven-knows-what."
Moya just shook her head. "Everything is getting more and more weird," she said.
"Well, Mabo seems to have disappeared into thin air - he could be anywhere, and we still don't know anything about him. On the way back I want to take a close look at every single point he could have taken his convoy off the tarred road. Secondary roads, fire breaks, every track. If he did in fact turn around, we've got to lift our ambushes and move them right up to Skukuza. He could be coming from any direction."
"At least the chopper and the fuel are holding up well. As sweet as ever."
"Let's hope it lasts."
*****

Chapter Fifteen
Mabo was positively jubilant. The pain was gone and the swelling was subsiding rapidly. Dolla had found him a roll of toilet paper somewhere, and he was making a little less of a mess. He was still dropping soaked toilet paper all over the surgery, but Dolla had instructed one of his men to follow him everywhere and intercept the discarded tissues with a plastic bag.
"We have to get moving, Mr President. We've been here much too long," Meintjies warned.
Mabo had developed a sudden interest in anything dental, and was fiddling with everything. It took a while before Meintjies eventually had them trooping down the narrow staircase.
One of Mabo's bodyguards had already exited the building and spread the good tidings. There was laughter and jubilation in the street, and the soldiers were whooping it up.
The soldier in the gun-seat of the lead Taliwagon received a perfect shot to the back of the head.
It was Bert's bad luck that the soldier manning the gun on the second Taliwagon was looking in exactly the opposite direction from the first gunner. He not only saw the muzzle flash, but also saw Bert ducking back behind the parapet of the double storey building down the road. Bert had reloaded and was on the way up for his second shot when the lead came streaming in. The gunner literally hosed down the top of the building with a continuous burst of heavy calibre bullets.
The parapet protected Bert from any direct hits, but there were several structures on the flat roof of the building. These sustained numerous direct hits, which sent ricochets and debris screaming all over the place. It was one of these that hit Bert directly in the left eye and he went down screaming with pain.
The gunner had run out of ammo and was frantically reloading while the rest were firing their AK's blindly at the top of the building as Meintjies exited onto the street.
"Cease fire immediately!" Meintjies shouted at the top of his voice. The moment hearing returned to everybody Meintjies sent the soldiers off in a run to circle and secure the building. "No more shooting!" he screamed. "I want this man alive!"
"You saw him?" Meintjies asked the gunner.
"Clearly, Sir. I think he is dead."
"Keep watching. Only fire if he starts shooting again."
Mabo, Dolla and the other body guard were still inside the building, and Meintjies motioned them to stay put. He ran across the road and approached Bert's building hugging the other buildings and assessing the situation from time to time from the cover of doorways.
By now the building was surrounded and silence had descended on the street.
Then a hand appeared above the parapet, frantically waving a rag, accompanied by a hoarse, unintelligible shout.
"Throw your weapons onto the street!" Meintjies shouted. He winced as the very expensive hunting rifle shattered on the pavement in front of him, followed by a Ruger Blackhawk revolver. For good cheer this was followed by a hunting knife that looked more like a sabre.
"Is that all of it?"
"Yes, yes! I give up! I need some help!"
"Come out the front entrance of the building with your hands on your head!"
"I can't see!"
"Then feel your way out. If I have to come in, I'll come in shooting. Make up your mind."
The fight was out of Bert. For more than two years he had been the only one doing the shooting. He had grown complacent, there never being any question about who would come out on top. Had it not been for sheer bad luck he would have pinned these guys down for the day and mopped up after dark.
He shuffled down the stairs, barely able to see through the blood streaming into his remaining eye. The pain was excruciating, and he whimpered.

Meintjies was onto him the moment he stepped into the street. "Down!" He pressed Bert face down into the road and frisked him. "Tie him up," he ordered one of the soldiers, who produced a pair of ancient metal handcuffs.
"Come on," Bert groaned. "Have you got a doctor? My eye has been shot out. I need urgent medical attention."
"You'll be getting lots of urgent attention, none of which will be medical."
By now Mabo came strutting up, still drooling blood and saliva from his semi-anaesthetised mouth. He put his boot on the neck of the prostate Bert. "Ah," he grumbled, "you the man who's been shooting my boys, eh?"
When there was no response the boot ground down a bit harder.
"Sorry Sir, just trying to protect my territory."
"Your territory, eh? What is it you want? What are you protecting?"
Bert could clearly hear Mabo cocking an AK47. He knew that sound well. He promptly developed verbal diarrhoea.
"I don't want anything, Sir. I've got lots of everything. Food, shelter, medicine, everything. Lots. I just wanted to protect it. I've lived in the area all my life. It's the only place I know."
Meintjies crooked his finger at Mabo, calling him out of earshot. "This man knows the area well, he knows the bush, and we can replenish all our stocks. He may be able to give us some info on Skukuza. To be quite honest, we don't really have any plan from here on. Might be a good idea to hole up and do a bit of proper planning."
Mabo saw the sense of it, and they returned to Bert. "You live alone?" Mabo asked.
"There is no-one left in the whole area. I've been on my own for a long time. Nice farm house stocked with everything. Cattle, sheep..."
The thought of a real steak made Mabo's mouth water. "How far?"
"Only about four clicks out of town."
"Where's your horse?" Meintjies wanted to know.
"Behind the barber shop a block up the road. Please treat him well - he's a good horse."
"I'll follow the convoy - you can take him in my place in the Ratel," Meintjies said to Mabo. The absence of the 'Mr President Sir' mode of address did not even seem to register with Mabo. Might come back once he gets over all the excitement, Meintjies thought.
Mabo wasn't quite comfortable with the arrangement. What if Meintjies made a break for it once on the horse? Try to get to Skukuza on his own? Then he thought of the lion carcases strewn around the plane, and relaxed. Thundering through this bush on horseback would turn anyone into a lion meal in no time. He wouldn't chance it.
"Let's go," Mabo said, checking once again that Bert was properly bound.

Mabo's thoughts also echoed in the back of Meintjies' mind as he went off looking for the horse. In a straight line Skukuza couldn't be more than fifty kilometres distant. Even if they had indeed booby-trapped and mined the area, it would definitely not be something a horse would set off. The bush was teeming with animals bigger and heavier than a horse. He could probably be within shouting distance of the Skukuza fence in four hours. They would no doubt welcome him with open arms.
But the lions in there apparently were not the lions they used to be. Judging by the carnage at Komati they had developed into seasoned man-eaters. He vaguely remembered similar cases of lions that had adapted to environmental influences. There were the world-famous tree-climbing lions of Uganda that were rumoured to be as agile as leopards in the trees. And many years ago he saw a television documentary of a pride of lions that specialised in killing young elephants in Botswana somewhere. And then, of course, there had been the true movie about the man-eaters of Tsavo. Over several months a pride of lions had eaten the construction of a railroad through the area to a standstill. No, charging headlong into the Park on horseback was definitely not the way to go. He would await his opportunity. Besides, he would like to take the civilians with him. Not that any of them were friends of his, but he just felt that their skills would be an asset in a place like Skukuza.
He found the horse tethered behind the barber shop as promised. It was a magnificent animal in prime condition. The sniper may have other shortcomings, but caring for his horse was not one of them.
The convoy was just starting to move as he cantered up. The Ratel was definitely getting noisier and one of the trucks had also developed an ominous engine noise. Definitely time to reconsider, and re-evaluate.
*
Not wanting to use the radio Sam had Moya land at both ambush points and instructed the men to lift all the explosives and return to Skukuza. They would have a meeting as soon as everyone was back. He also informed Michael that they would fly along the road back to Skukuza but not land immediately. He wanted to have a look for some distance down both the Malelane approach and the Numbi approach. If something went wrong Michael would know where to search.
Michael and Aaron were still shaken by what had transpired the previous night. They did find Sasquatch's tracks circling the thorn kraal and strangely enough, Houdi once more did not appear to be upset by any olfactory input. He ignored the footprints as if they were those of a baboon.

Back in Skukuza the story spread like wildfire and everyone simply had to see the damage to the truck. Sam and Aaron had to repeat the story ad nauseum. A sense of fear and awe seemed to permeate the community.

A flame of hope had started flickering at the hospital. To a certain extent Small had regained consciousness. His eyes were non-functional or extremely myopic at least, vacant and devoid of any awareness, and his brain seemed to be frozen. Otherwise he appeared normal except that he seemed agitated. He kept struggling to get out of bed. When Dr Mocke relented and allowed him to get up, he seemed to be able to distinguish the brighter light from the doorway and made a beeline for it. The moment he got outside he seemed to relax and his breathing slowed down to normal. Maria, who was acting as part-time nurse, volunteered to accompany Small for a stroll through Skukuza, leading him by the elbow.
She took him through the orchards and showed him the livestock. He stared placidly without seeing or registering anything and without making a sound. He simply shuffled along.
On their return to the hospital Sam and Fix tried every trick in the book to get a reaction from him, but it was soon abundantly clear that there was going to be no information forthcoming.
The usual group then assembled in the Boardroom to discuss the way forward.
"Mabo's group is still maintaining radio silence. The convoy made a U-turn at the Komati entrance and for all intents disappeared into thin air. I would guess the warning signs left at the airfield spooked them into relinquishing their plans, and that they're on their way back to Pretoria."
"That's a possible scenario, but I'd say an unlikely one," Fix said. "When they landed at Hoedspruit we spelled out the consequences of entering the Park to them clearly. So they knew before starting out on their epic trek from Pretoria. They refrained from sending their plane into the Park, so they're definitely taking us seriously. Sam also said they shot up the radio at Komati. Why? They seem to be playing a game, but for the life of me I can't fathom the purpose."
"Trying to out-guess someone who is erratic is impossible," Sam said. "It's definitely not worth risking one of our fixed wing aircraft to fly the length of the N4 from Komati to Pretoria to find out where the bugger is. As long as he's not attacking us he is welcome to go wherever the hell he wishes."
"Agreed," Fix said. "We need to carry on with our lives - we can't spend our time simply sitting around to see if he's going to attack us or not. We've got work to do."
"So I would like to suggest we harden our defences directly around Skukuza and then get started on the electricity project," Sam said. "Mine and booby-trap the hell out of the immediate area, everything to be detonated remotely, and in different zones. The primary detonation base on top of the water tanks, two guards 24/7. Build a proper and unobtrusive shelter for them up there. Then find somewhere else that also has a good view, and place a back-up detonation base up there. You OK with that, Fix? Lance?"
"Piece of cake," they both said in unison.
"That should take a day or two," Sam scratched his head, deep in thought. "Once our preparations are complete, I think we should do another helicopter recce, one down to Malelane and one to Numbi.
If there is still no sign of Mabo we can safely assume he is no longer a threat. Keeping a roaming convoy supplied is not sustainable. There simply isn't any food out there to be looted anymore. By then they would either have perished or returned to their base. And another thing: without communication we can't function. But if you have to use your radios, do so with discretion. Don't give away anything they can use against us, for instance locations and time schedules. I don't want them to know there are crews working outside Skukuza. Not if we can help it, so speak in riddles, so to speak. Stick to the walkie-talkies as far as possible."
This elicited a couple of guffaws.
Everyone agreed, and they dispersed to get on with their tasks.
A short while later Michael was seen driving out the gate, accompanied by Anton. It raised no eyebrows: everyone who did see them assumed they had gone fishing or hunting.
*
Even though Bert's farmhouse was in dire need of some maintenance, it was still impressive. In its heyday it had obviously been a mansion of some note. All the doors and windows boasted solid burglar bars instead of the flimsy common bars that could be snipped with a bolt cutter. There were twelve bedrooms and a huge kitchen with a wood-burning stove. A wide variety of fruit trees were in evidence close to the house - oranges, paw-paw, guava, lemon, mango, litchi and others. The vegetable garden was overgrown and looked more like a jungle, but a variety of vegetables could still be identified, making the best of it. The stable and cattle- and sheep kraals were in better shape than the house. Clearly Bert intended keeping himself in meat for a long time to come.
Mabo found the set-up very much to his liking. He immediately ordered an ox slaughtered and prepared for a huge feast for his men. When he spotted the chicken coop he ordered ten chickens to be added. He also immediately wanted a dozen fried eggs. His men were welcome to help themselves to whatever they wanted. This news was welcomed by all with wild cheering. They hadn't seen fresh meat in nearly two years.
Bert was brought to the dining room table where Mabo and Meintjies were waiting. Bert was still complaining bitterly about his eye, and Mabo sent for Dolla.
"I am not a nurse. I know absolutely nothing about wounds and even less about eyes."
"If it had been your eye, what you have done?" Meintjies asked.
"First, I would have cleaned it."
"Sounds like a good start to me. Where's all these medicines you've been bragging about?" Meintjies asked Bert.
Bert gave Dolla directions to a store room near the back of the house. "Next to the pantry," he said, which immediately had Mabo perk up like a bird dog.
Mabo followed Dolla through the house, and they could hear his whoop of joy all the way to the dining room.
Dolla returned with a variety of disinfectants, ointments, bandages, eye patches and pills, and got to work on Bert.
Mabo joined them a little while later, eating peaches in syrup out of a large tin. Judging by the front of his dress he had already indulged in a few other products as well.
"Good stock you have, Bert. Where'd you get it?"
Bert stopped complaining to Dolla for a moment in order to respond. "As the last people started dying off I collected as much as I could. My truck was still running back then, Mr President Sir." Bert had obviously been well trained on his short ride from town.
"I'm sure you simply 'collected' the stuff. Good thinking," Mabo said through a mouth full of peaches. The anaesthetic had obviously worn off, and he was chewing with gusto. "Now, start telling us about Malelane and the Kruger Park."
"The Kruger Park? What do you want to know about it? There's nothing and nobody left there. There was a war two years ago and everybody and everything was destroyed. Crazy guy by the name of Waldeck even had two fighter planes bomb Skukuza."
"Yeah? Where did you hear all that?"
"One of Waldeck's survivors came drifting through here some months after. Waldeck used to run the whole of Nelspruit."
"And what happened to this Waldeck?"
"Nobody really knows. After fucking up Skukuza his army went chasing after a guy by the name of Sam Jenkins who had fled further North with his people. By all accounts this Jenkins guy is a tough nut. My informant said he was part of a skeleton staff left behind at what used to be Skukuza and told to wait for Waldeck's return. He never came back. They assumed he got his army's ass kicked and after a month the four of them started trekking for Malelane. He was the only one who made it. Sorry state he was in, too."
"The other three?"
"Lions."
"So what happened to this last guy?"
"Lions, probably."
Mabo looked at him in silence, and he started shuffling around on his chair, a shifty look on his face.
"He wanted to move on back to Nelspruit. I told him he could stay, but he moved on. Never heard of him again, Mr President"
"Um," Mabo said. "Tell me more about this Jenkins and Skukuza."
"Nothing much to tell, Sir. When AIDS started getting really bad, Jenkins set himself up in Skukuza and apparently he was doing quite well. Waldeck had taken over the fuel depot at Nelspruit, and by the sound of it these two had been eyeing each other for years. Then everything started running out, and a war started between the two groups. A war which nobody won."
"Earlier, in the Ratel, you told me you had been a game ranger?"
"Yes, Sir. In one of the private reserves bordering Kruger."
"During your time in the bush, did you hear any rumours of a strange monkey or baboon or something?"
Bert wasn't sure if Mabo was pulling his leg, but decided to play it safe. "No Sir, never heard anything about that."
Mabo grunted. "If you had to get to Skukuza tomorrow, how would you go about it?"
"To be honest, Sir, I wouldn't. I haven't been back into the Park in two years, but from what I've heard it's hell in there. Those lions have been known to attack vehicles to get to the people inside."
"Bullshit," Mabo said.
"I'm only telling you what I heard. Even out here you've got to watch your step. I suppose you'd be OK in your Ratel, but what if the thing broke down? You'd be stuffed. Sir."
Mabo arched his eyebrows at Meintjies, who had been listening in silence.
"Mr President, I think we need to take a few days off and rethink our strategy. It's not that we are currently pressed for time anymore - everyone is safe and comfortable here, no-one knows we're here, and there's more than enough food and drink to last us a long time."
Mabo thought this through for a while. "You're right. Find a place to keep the prisoner secure. If he escapes, you're dead."
Meintjies motioned Bert to get up. "You show me the best jail cell in the house. Try to bullshit me and you get your ass kicked good."
Bert led him to one of the guest bathrooms. "Please, Captain, this is as secure as you can get, but the bath is too small for me to sleep in. If your men can fit a small bed in here...?"
There was only one small window and it was fitted with the same solid bars as the rest of the house. The door seemed to be of solid wood, and could be locked from the outside. No trapdoor in the ceiling, no crawlspace under the bath. "It'll do. I will have a bed brought in. There will be a guard at the door at all times: don't try to trick him into opening the door under whatever pretext. He won't open it even if you built a fire in here. You'll only get your ass kicked."
Bert assessed Meintjies with his one good eye and decided to chance it: "What are you doing with this lot?" he whispered.
Without saying anything Meintjies just pressed his finger to his lips. Bert's whole face lit up.
*
"You are bloody insane," Anton said. "Just what are you hoping to achieve?"
"Hang on man, hang on. I've got a feeling about this."
"And the secret oranges?" Anton asked, indicating the bag of oranges lying at his feet. "Why sneak it into the cab, why not in open view on the back of the truck?"
"I was just hoping to avoid having to answer questions all day long. Didn't seem to have worked - now I've ended up with you questioning everything. Maybe I should have come alone." Houdi, not liking the tone of Michael's voice, grunted his assent.
Anton sulked in silence for a while.
"How big do you think Sasquatch's territory is?" Anton broke the silence after a while.
"Dunno. Nwanetzi, Skukuza and now Lower Sabi. That's pretty wide."
"Yeah. I suppose if everything is shit scared of you, you can roam wherever you wish. The whole bloody world is your territory."
"Yeah, and with everything in the world being shit scared of it, the two of us are now going to play games with it?"
"We're not playing with him. I'm just testing the water."
"Well, I'm telling you now: if I see it I'll shoot it."
"It's not an 'it' - it's a 'him'. And if you shoot him without provocation, I'll bloody-well shoot you."
"Bullshit. This thing is dangerous."
"How do you know? It hasn't harmed a hair on anyone's head. People with common sense don't just barge in and kill everything they don't understand. That's utterly stupid."
By now they had reached the spot where Michael and Aaron had camped the previous night. The kudu skin containing the meat was gone. Michael frowned when he noticed the thorn kraal seemed to once again be intact.
Michael got out, rifle at the ready. Anton also got out, but Michael told him to get back into the truck.
"Do you take me for a sissy?" an indignant Anton wanted to know.
Michael shrugged, not taking his eyes off the bush and the canopy for a moment. "I am very serious about not shooting unless attacked. You got that?"
"Sure thing," Anton tried an exaggerated casual drawl. "The moment it trots off with my liver I'm going to shoot the hell out of it."
"You do that," Michael replied absentmindedly as he circled the kraal. In order to get themselves, the truck and their kit away and out of the kraal that morning, they had to practically demolish it. It had been rebuilt exactly the way it had been: the spot where the truck had been was filled with more thorn trees. Firewood was stacked in exactly the same spot and the same way their fire had been the previous night. The area was covered in Sasquatch's footprints.
Michael slid his back down the trunk of the big fig tree till he sat down flat, his butt in the dust. He let his breath out in a long sigh. Anton, who had also noticed the strange happenings, sat down next to him.
"Shit, I don't know what to say..."
"Neither do I," Michael said. "What the hell is Sasquatch trying to do? Is he trying to imitate us with the kraal and stacking a new fire? Would he have lit it if he had known how? Is he learning from us, trying to impress, offering friendship? Shit, I have no idea what to make of it."
"Neither do I. Despite Houdi being relaxed I still have a feeling that we're being watched. Let's hang up his oranges and get the hell out of here."
The last thing Michael did before he left was to light Sasquatch's fire. He could not explain it to himself. Respect? Pride? Friendship?

They drove back in silence, deeply immersed in their own thoughts.
Anton broke the silence shortly before they arrived back at Skukuza. "You going to tell your Dad?"
"I know I really should. And I want to - I need his advice. But the first thing he'd do is ground me. And I can't have that. Not now. I feel I'm getting close to Sasquatch."
"You're living in a dream world. There's no way this thing is going to become your buddy."
Michael grinned. "Wanna bet?"
"You are fuckin crazy. Maybe I'd better tell your father myself: make sure you get grounded."
*
By late afternoon Small was getting agitated again, so Maria took him for another long walk. She wanted to fetch her laptop from the lab to work at home that evening, and on her way back to the hospital she popped into the veterinary lab. Small, as docile as ever, ambled along behind her, keeping hold of the back of her shirt.
As she zipped her laptop into its bag and turned around, she noticed that Small had stopped at one of the work benches some two yards away. He was shivering like a reed in a strong current and making small 'uh, uh' noises. He was ever so slowly extending his right hand towards one of the plaster casts of Sasquatch's footprints. He was leaning forward myopically, his nose nearly touching the cast. The hand seemed to be quivering with a life of its own. The moment Small touched the cast a cloak of utter peace seemed to fold around him. He leaned his head back and let out a joyful scream at the top of his voice. "Amor!!!" Then he folded up as if all life had left him, and collapsed in a heap.

On hearing about the occurrence Sam rushed to the hospital in the hope that Small would start talking. Fix and Dr Mocke were at the bedside with Maria, who once again related the incident.
"Any idea what he meant by Amor? Love? A name? A place?" Sam enquired.
No-one would hazard a guess.
Unlike Small's previous coma, he now seemed to be more like in some state of catatonia. His eyes were open and seemed to be staring at a fixed point in infinity. He was totally unresponsive, but somehow seemed happy and at peace. Both Drs Mocke and Peixotto just shook their heads. They could offer no explanation.
*****

Chapter Sixteen
All possible vehicular approaches to Skukuza had anti-tank mines buried on them. All the way around the camp Claymores and anti-personnel mines had been placed with great care and the locations entered on two maps, now pinned up at the two detonation sites. Thanks to the ingenuity of both Fix and Lance, the sites boasted identical detonation pads, built from desktop keyboards. Everything could be detonated individually and at will.
The locations of the anti-personnel explosives had been chosen with great care by Sam. Every thick tree, large rock or anthill had been mined on the far side from the camp. Every possible vantage point likely to be chosen as a firing position by the enemy had been prepared. The explosions would be deflected by the obstacle providing 'cover' for the attacker, and no shrapnel would endanger the inhabitants or property in Skukuza. All the mines on the road had been meticulously camouflaged with animal droppings and other natural materials.
Michael had been watching all of this with great apprehension, driving Sam up the wall with his repeated demands for reassurance. There was just no way anything could set off one of the devices by accident. Nor even by intent. No animal would get hurt, not even Sasquatch if he comes snooping again.
"Dad, there's something I need to tell you. But you've got to promise you're not going to go ballistic, and you're not going to ground me," Michael said with a heavy heart. He simply had to get this off his chest. The two of them had always played open cards with each other, and their deep respect worked both ways.
Sam looked at him with concern in his eyes. "This sounds ominous. Better close that door and tell me about it."
Which Michael did - the whole story, without omitting anything.
A long silence ensued with Sam deep in thought. "Michael," he said eventually, "even though you have been acting recklessly stupid, I will not ground you. But from now on, Lower Sabi is a no-go zone for you. Promise?"
"But Dad, there's no danger in what I did, I had my rifle and my handgun with me all the time, and you know I can use them. What makes Sasquatch more dangerous than all the other wildlife we share the bush with?"
"The fact that you're playing with it. If you keep asking for trouble it's bound to come your way sooner or later."
"Oh come on, Dad. It has not behaved threateningly once. If it becomes a threat I'll kill it without thinking twice. But I refuse to kill something rare and unique just because I don't understand it."
"I couldn't agree with you more. But I want you to stop interfering with it. Don't tell me something that can throw a kudu at you, or crush a crocodile's skull, isn't dangerous. It is, to say the least, extremely dangerous."
"No. There's a difference between being dangerous and having the potential to be dangerous. I prefer to give Sasquatch the benefit of the doubt."
"I don't. I want you to promise me you'll stay away from Lower Sabi."
"Yes, Dad, I promise. But that's being silly."
"Maybe, but that's the way it's going to be."
Michael sighed as if he was in deep pain and headed for the door. He wanted to cut this conversation short and get out of earshot as quickly as possible. He made a promise about Lower Sabi, but that was the only promise. He wanted to get away before Sam went into any further detail and demanded additional promises. He still had a back door open without having to break any promises. As if possessing a sixth sense Houdi also made himself as unobtrusive as possible, and slinked out with Michael. "What's with you," Michael said to his furry friend. "You look as if you've been crapped on too. Let's get out of here."

At first light Sam and Moya took off, followed by the customary two ground support vehicles. They would first check out Numbi, the shorter of the two approach routes. Once again they inspected every possible point where a vehicle could turn off the tarred surface. When they landed at Reception, it was abundantly clear that there hadn't been a vehicle here for a long, long time. Sam just radioed the one word "clear" to let the ground support know they could turn around.
They flew back to the point where the Malelane road turned off from the Numbi/Skukuza road and waited for the ground crew. It was still early morning when they took off for Malelane.
"You've been very scarce lately," Moya began.
Sam sighed. "Don't start that again, Moya. I know how you feel, you know how I feel, and we both know there's no future in it. It will only bring pain and heartbreak to both of us and all those around us."
"And I've simply got to learn to live with it?"
"We both have to live with it. An affair will destroy both of us, my family, and the cohesion we have as a community in Skukuza. We simply can't risk that. In the big picture our personal lives do not weigh up against what we're trying to build here. We don't know who or what is left out there - not only in Africa, but elsewhere in the world. We're trying to give mankind a foothold on this planet again. We simply can't risk that for something personal, no matter how important it might be to us."
In the ensuing silence a tear coursed down her cheek. "That's why I am in love with you, Sam. You're special and you're unique. You would give your life for the bigger good without hesitation. You are truly a man with principles and honour."
Sam snorted derisively. "Who are you trying to fool? We both know my feet are sometimes of clay."
She laughed. "Yes, I know. And those were the times I liked you best."
They were both chortling and the mood had lifted. They continued their low-level search, skimming the trees along the road to Malelane.

Meintjies had always been an early riser. This particular morning found him wandering through what was left of the gardens and orchards around Bert's family home. In the lush subtropical climate of Malelane everything had just kept on growing - from weeds to fruit trees. Mabo and the rest of the men were still sleeping off the previous night's feast. The fact that Bert didn't drink did not mean there wasn't a very well-stocked bar in the house.
The house was an absolute mess. As the evening progressed the soldiers had acted more and more like ancient Romans in old low-budget movies. Large chunks of meat were gnawed on and discarded for pieces fresh from the fire. Greasy hands were wiped on curtains and once-pristine lounge suites. Another fire had been built in the middle of the dining room floor with broken furniture as fuel.
Meintjies could only shake his head in sadness. Africa will always remain the Dark Continent. Contrary to popular belief the label did not originate as a result of vast unexplored jungles and wild wildernesses inhabited by dangerous animals. No. Since time immemorial it had always been run by the wrong people. There would be short intervals where the continent seemed to be lifting its head out of the swamp that was the Third World, only to be trodden under again by a new regime hell-bent on using up, stealing and destroying everything their predecessors had built. This pendulum had been swinging long before the first white man ever set foot on this awesome continent. We chose to live here because it is part of us, Meintjies reflected, and because we love it. Other people prefer to live on the slopes of active volcanoes. We choose to live in this wild land.
He plucked an orange and was peeling it with his clasp knife when a familiar sound barely registered in his auditory system. He froze, cocked his head slightly and listened intently. He still wasn't sure if it was his imagination. Far away, in the direction of the Park, he thought he heard the 'whap whap' of helicopter rotors pulling G's. Then the light breeze changed direction and the sound was gone. Jenkins! There must be a way to get himself and the scientists to Skukuza. If they still had the technology to fly a helicopter, then Mabo was way out of his depth.
*
Neither in the town of Malelane nor on any of the roads did they spot any sign of vehicle tracks or presence. Mabo and his army had disappeared into nowhere and Sam was inclined to stop treating him as a threat.
Moya was about half a kilometre from the Skukuza landing pad approaching upwind for a textbook landing, as always. She exalted in her flying skills and enjoyed every moment in the air. Sam spotted something in his peripheral vision. Even though he wasn't sure whether he had actually seen something, he asked her to do another pass nevertheless. There were few big trees and the vegetation was fairly sparse, the airfield being some distance from the river.
As they approached the spot again he was sure he saw something half hidden behind the trunk of a big tree. In the harsh sunlight it was difficult to see properly into the shade. Definitely something. Sam motioned Moya to circle, and his blood ran cold as he noticed the hiding figure also circled, keeping the trunk between itself and the chopper. He reached for his camera. "Lower," he said.
The helicopter was now heading directly for the tree, still some distance away.
Then Sasquatch burst into the sunlight making shooing movements with his big arms and roaring with such fury that he could be heard inside the helicopter, above the din of the engine and rotors. Both Sam and Moya were completely frozen for a moment. Sasquatch had come to a stop next to the remaining trunk of a lead wood tree that had sustained a lightning strike some time in the past. It raised one of its huge arms, took hold of the trunk, and tore off a thick branch more than a metre long and as thick as a man's thigh.
"Get away! Get away!" Sam shouted urgently.
Moya did not have any elevation to play with, so her evasive action was rather limited. She clawed for height while banking away, trying to get some distance between them and the threat. As if in slow motion Sam watched the huge beast swing his arm back sideways close to the ground, twisting his torso to follow. His eyes never left the chopper. When he started his forward swing to hurl the branch Sam could clearly see the behemothic muscle groups bunch and twist. The brute power radiating from the beast was stunning. Sam never took his eyes off Sasquatch - it was very clear to him that there was a sharp mind behind the actions: Sasquatch knew exactly what he was doing.
The moment Sasquatch let go of the branch Sam knew his aim had been good and accurate. "Down!" he shouted to Moya. "Duck! Get under it!"
As Moya followed his instructions instantly and without hesitation Sam watched in horror as the 40 Kg piece of lead wood came sailing towards them like a Polaris missile. The speed at which it was traveling was impossible. He felt his stomach rise as the chopper dropped like a stone. The skids were actually in the leaves when Moya caught it again, and death went sailing over the rotors by millimetres.
Moya didn't let up until they were well away. Then she turned around and climbed and they scanned the area. Nothing.
"Fuck," Moya said.
Sam was too stunned to even get that out and merely pointed at the helipad.

They got straight into the truck for the five kilometre drive back to the camp. For the first kilometre Sam held his rifle in his lap, and both their nervous systems were on red alert.
"You should get your best men and go hunt that thing down and kill it," Moya said with a tremble in her voice.
"That may very well become necessary at some stage," Sam said. "But not for what it did today."
She nearly exploded. "What! It tried to kill us on purpose today! And damn near succeeded!"
"Look at it from his point of view. Whatever he is, and wherever he came from, he has probably never seen a helicopter in his life. So he was peacefully minding his own business when this strange flying animal approached him with a mighty roar of its own. With a roar and his clear body language he warned the airborne threat to go away. We didn't. We simply stormed closer. So he attacked, which was perfectly natural and logical. He wasn't trying to kill us, he was trying to kill the helicopter."
"You've gone soft in the head - I'll never sleep a wink again, sharing the planet with this... thing. I am not scared of dying, but this thing scares me more than death itself."
"No contest - I've never been as scared in my life either. There's just something... nearly... supernatural about him."
"Why do you insist on calling it 'him'?"
"Because it's 'him'. I saw it."
"Him, it, have you really lost it now?"
"Uh, sorry... What I mean is I saw it. On him. It's a he."
"Gross."
"And do not for a minute classify it as one of the apes. That wasn't a knee-jerk reaction - he knew exactly what he was doing. He actually aimed, and he compensated for our speed, too. If you hadn't taken proper evasive action he would have scored a bull's eye on the chopper."
"Hell, I'm good, ain't I?" she flashed him an exaggerated grin.
His relief at being alive was clear in his own wide grin. "You're better than good, you're the best. Been saying that all along."
"Yeah, well then..." She bit her tongue and changed the subject. "Did you get any pictures?"
"I very much doubt it. That guy was unbelievably fast. Get us to Lance - maybe he can work some magic if I did manage to press the shutter."

When they told Lance what had happened, he was too jittery to get the memory card into the desktop. He had to take a deep breath and start over. On the way Sam had summoned Aaron, Michael, Fix and Maria to 'Lance's Place' on the radio. Even if Mabo had been listening he wouldn't have been any the wiser. The tension was palpable as Lance started downloading.
Fortunately the camera had been in 'movie mode' which meant there were some 25 frames, of which most were useless. But not all.
There was a fairly clear picture where Sasquatch ripped the piece off the lead wood tree. "Fuck," Fix whispered, leaning in to look closely. "You'd need a winch for that."
The best shot was of Sasquatch just before he started his forward swing. It was clear and perfectly in focus. The fury radiated from the face as clearly as if it was lit in Neon. From the picture it was also obvious that no-one would henceforth refer to him as an 'it'. He was a him, all right.
"Please note his posture and balance," Maria said in awe. "Like that of a trained Olympic athlete. He is right-handed - look where his left hand is for balance and momentum. Look at his centre of gravity. This is truly scary. He knows exactly what he's doing."
"Exactly what I've been saying all along," Michael interjected. "We must stop thinking of Sasquatch as some sort of freak ape. He is much more human than ape. We must stop applying animal behaviour patterns here and adapt to a whole new attitude if we hope to even begin to understand him. One thing we have clearly learnt is no not threaten or antagonise him."
"That was made very clear," Moya said.
"Speaking of which: I think until such time Sasquatch has made the association between us and the helicopter, the helicopter will remain public enemy No.1 to him. He will trash it if he can get his hands on it, and out in the shed at the airfield that's easy," Michael said.
"Oh shit," Moya said to Sam, "he's right! We have to get the Huey into Skukuza. Right now!"
They all grabbed rifles and stormed out to Sam's truck.
*
On returning to the house Meintjies found Dolla waiting for him on the veranda, wringing her hands nervously. "Good morning, Captain Meintjies," she said.
Her submissive tone immediately sent the alarm bells clanging. Submissiveness was not one of Dolla's strong points.
"Morning, Dolla. What's wrong?"
"Well, it's not that there's something wrong, but Jolene is having a baby."
"And who is Jolene?" Meintjies had never been one to fraternise with the scientists and hardly knew any of them.
"Dr Small's ah... lady friend." Her expression and body language left no doubt that she didn't approve.
"So?"
"We could do with a little help. I need to see what else Bert has in his medicine room."
"I somehow doubt if he will stock baby food."
"So do I. But I'm sure there's bound to be some stuff we can use - we've got absolutely nothing."
"I'll get the key for you, but I don't think Mabo is going to take to this with much enthusiasm. Might be best if you played it down as much as possible."

It was soon clear that Jolene's baby girl was going to have to make do with the bare essentials.
"Could you please ask Bert where else we might find anything useful?" Dolla persisted with Meintjies, who was a little miffed by now. Paternal instincts had never run particularly deep with him.
He headed for the prisoner's bathroom mumbling something unintelligible under his breath. Dolla pretended not to notice.
Bert seemed to have slept well despite being chained to his bed. "Top of the morning to you, Captain," he said as Meintjies entered. Then, in a whisper: "We need to get away from this lot."
"We need to get to the Parks Board radio at the Malelane gate. Think about something," Meintjies whispered back. Then, in a normal voice he repeated Dolla's request.
Bert responded to the request in a normal tone of voice, then reverted to a whisper once again. "What the fuck for? There's no-one alive out there."
"Trust me, there's a whole self-sufficient town at Skukuza. We need to let them know about the scientists being kept hostage - now shut up and start thinking," Meintjies whispered back.
Dolla was happy to learn about the linen room next to the laundry area at the back of the mansion, and headed straight for it. It was a treasure trove smelling of moth balls. There were all sorts of fluffy things that could be cut up into baby-size.
She moved Jolene into the furthest room in the house, hoping to make the new addition as unobtrusive and inaudible as possible.

"What's that?" Mabo wanted to know the first time he heard the baby cry on the other side of the house.
"A baby, Mr President. One of the Brain-gang women had a baby last night."
"Take it to the fish pond out there and drown it. We are in the middle of a war here - we don't have room for babies."
"I fully agree with you, Mr President. But this particular baby may be worth a lot of bargaining power. Dr Small happens to be the daddy."
"What!" Mabo shot out of his chair. "You're sure of that?"
"Positive, Mr President."
Mabo was rubbing his hands together. 'We must find a way to let him know without Jenkins knowing. How do we do that? With Small as our Trojan horse we can't go wrong! How do we do it?"
"I am sorry to say, Mr President, but I don't have a clue. We need to lure them out, somehow. We must think of a plan. The fact that you shot up the Park radio at Komati isn't going to make it any easier for us, that's for sure."
"Maybe they have another radio at Malelane gate?"
Ah so he's nibbling at the bait, Meintjies thought. "If we knew with certainty whether that avenue was open to us it would definitely help in formulating a plan. You know, then we can even maybe think of faking some woman in distress at Malelane Gate or some such story."
Mabo was rubbing faster now, a glint in his eye. "Yeah. Maybe a woman with a baby, eh? A sick one, who needs urgent medical attention."
*
Michael noticed that Maria had jumped on the back of the truck with the men. He looked at her questioningly. "Hoping to catch a glimpse of him?"
She smiled brightly. "Having looked at the photographs I would prefer the glimpse to be through high powered binoculars, or even better, a telescope! No, but I would dearly like to take a look at the area where it happened, and it would make my day if we could locate the piece of wood. I want that very badly. Do you think you could talk your dad into it?"
"Depends if we still have a chopper. That's sure to affect his mood."

The hangar appeared undisturbed, and everyone let out a collective sigh of relief to find the helicopter unharmed. While Moya was doing her pre-flight, Maria and Michael got to work on Sam.
At first he bluntly refused but eventually gave his grudging consent, provided someone else flew with Moya and he joined the 'wood expedition'. On her way to Skukuza Moya would check out the area from a safe height and notify them if she spotted anything suspicious.
As soon as they got close to the area Houdi started doing his thing by going all hairy and snarling viciously.
"I'm telling you," Michael remarked to all, but to Sam in particular, "Sasquatch has the ability to secrete some sort of pheromone or something at will. He can choose when other animals can pick up the scent, and it carries an extremely powerful message of warning. A sort of 'watch out' declaration of intent sort of message. It happens when he gets his blood up or turns aggressive."
"You think that's possible?" Sam asked Maria.
"By looking at Houdi's reaction I would say it seems very likely. I believe at other times he can walk right over a fresh Sasquatch spoor and have no reaction at all."
Fix let out another low whistle of respect when they inspected the lead wood tree. "I see it and I still don't believe it. It's not possible."
Sam worked out a probable trajectory for the missile, and everyone walked off in the direction indicated, rifles at the ready.
"Probably came down around here somewhere," Sam said after a while.
"Over here," Maria called out. She bent down and tried to pick up the piece of wood but found it too heavy. Michael picked it up with some effort, and they inspected it.
"Look," Fix said, pointing at the one end, "it's wet with sap from another tree. Must have hit it."
After a fairly long search they found the spot - some three metres off the ground the bark had been stripped from the thick branch of a Marula tree. This elicited another whistle from Fix. "Let me tell you something," he said, weighing the piece of wood in his hands, "if this thing had hit the chopper anywhere, it would have been as good as a hit with a Cactus missile. It would have ripped the chopper to pieces."
Michael pointed at Houdi who was still trotting around with risen hackles, eyeing the piece of wood. According to the tracks Sasquatch had not been within nearly two hundred yards of where the lead wood branch had landed, but Houdi was still acutely aware. Michael took the piece of wood and allowed Houdie a closer sniff. Houdi immediately reverted to a full red alert and backed away from the branch slowly and close to the ground, snarling viciously.
"Never seen Houdi back down to anything," Fix remarked.
"Neither have I," Michael said. "Sasquatch must have had his blood up big-time. I'm sure as hell not getting into that chopper again until our association with it has been properly imprinted on him."
"I think you're giving this guy too much credit. If he has half a chance of getting at the chopper, he'll nail it."
"I don't think so. Why hasn't he reacted like that towards any of our vehicles?"
"Well hell, he threw you with a whole bloody kudu, didn't he? Massive dent in your truck, if I remember correctly."
"That wasn't an act of aggression. Firstly, he wasn't vocal. Secondly, there was no olfactory message to rev Houdi up. Totally a different scenario from this one."
"So what is your explanation about the flying kudu then?"
"Ummm... a sort of apology - making amends, an offer of friendship..."
Fix burst out laughing. "Come on, Michael, you can't be serious."
"Never been more serious in my life. Everybody still treats Sasquatch as some sort of glorified ape. He isn't. He's way, way above an ape. Sasquatch is a humanoid, and he's very, very intelligent. Bear in mind, where-ever he came from, he has obviously never had any real human contact. Nobody ever taught him anything. He had to figure everything out for himself. He knew the kudu at Nwanetzi was ours, but it was also food. So he took it from us because he could - basic rule of nature. But then he followed us and he observed us. And by doing that he learnt a hell of a lot from us. I personally think he made a conscious decision that having us as friends would be more advantageous than as enemies."
"I think you're taking this a bit far," Sam said introspectively. "You are attributing simply too much to Sasquatch."
"Dad, I have a confession to make," Michael half-mumbled, scratching the toe of his boot in the sand like a small boy who had been caught out with something naughty.
Sam zeroed in on Michael like a pointer spotting a duck, hackles rising. "What?"
To everyone's amazement Michael broke the sudden tension by laughing. "Dad, I'm damn sure if you had Sasquatch's ability you would have been stinking to high Heaven right now!"
They all burst out laughing, except Sam, who kept looking Michael in the eye questioningly.
"Dad, you know I never disobey you, but I sort-of did this time. You ordered me to stop fooling around with Sasquatch at Lower Sabi, which I did. I did, however, take one last drive down there to see what had happened with the bag of oranges. I simply had to know."
There was a tension in the air as everyone looked at Michael expectantly.
"And?" Sam asked.
"It had been taken, and this time the rope had not been broken, it had been untied. In the place of the oranges there was something else tied on to the rope."
"What?" Maria asked with an urgency in her voice. "Come on, come on!"
"It was the haunch and shoulder of a freshly killed impala, wrapped in its skin. Just like we left him part of his flying kudu."
"You're kidding me," Sam said.
"I wrapped it up again, took it home and put it in the fridge with the intention of telling you about it tonight, and showing you. What is even more amazing is how he did it. Obviously he doesn't have any tools. Yet. So he did it by hand. He probably opened it with his teeth and then quartered it by blunt dissection with his bare hands. He had learnt from the way I quartered the kudu. No clean cuts, obviously, but he knew what he was doing."
Maria was so overcome that she plopped straight down into the dust as if her knees had given in. She was awestricken, gesturing in the air with her hands. "This is... this is..." were the only words she could find.
"Tied with exactly the same knot I used."
A full thirty seconds of stunned silence was broken by Sam. "Truly amazing. I should still kick your ass, but truly amazing. I am not sure where this leaves us - something that is infinitely more dangerous than we ever realised?"
"Dangerous, no. Potentially dangerous, yes." Michael said with utter conviction. "It means us no harm, that's pretty obvious."
"The problem is that we don't know what is going on in his mind. Like with the helicopter, we have no idea what might antagonise him and set him off. So instead of relaxing and thinking we have a new buddy, we should double our vigilance. The way I see it this can turn very ugly very suddenly. Quit buggering around with Sasquatch. Avoid him and stay out of his way. Let him do his own thing and we'll see where it leads. And you," Sam said while waving a finger under Michael's nose with mock severity, "you're not going to teach him anything more, and you're not going to give him any tools. Especially knives."
Nobody wanted to be the driver on the way back to Skukuza. Everyone wanted to sit on the back so as not to miss any part of the conversation. Fix drew the short straw but was nevertheless leaning out the window as far as he could in an effort to be part of the discussion.
"Dad,' Michael said, "we can't simply ignore him."
"We can give it one hell of a try. There's not much else we can do. At least he seems to have taken the electric fence lesson to heart."
"Yeah, but I have a nagging suspicion that Sasquatch can be a very persistent individual if he puts his heart into it. He won't be easy to ignore if he doesn't want to be ignored," Michael commented.
"Like with the vanishing Mabo we can't let him take over our lives," Sam insisted adamantly. "Our top priority is to get the Ressano Garcia power to Skukuza. Only then can our real progress start. We'll just have to increase our vigilance and start concentrating on that. No-one can even guess where all this is going, all I fervently wish for is that this is not heading for some tearful tragedy."
"Not if I can help it," Michael said through clenched teeth.
"And so say all of us," Maria chimed in.
Arriving at Skukuza they all trooped to the veterinary lab while Michael fetched the skin with the meat. There was a short length of rope still attached to it, which Michael pointed out as he placed it on a lab bench. "I did not want untie it, so I can still show you the knot. So I rather cut the rope. This, ladies and gentlemen, is a knot tied by Sasquatch. He wasn't taught to do it. He saw it once on the rope of the kudu at Nwanetzi, and he saw it once on the kudu we left him. Bear in mind that before then he probably did not even know what a rope was. He sure as hell does now."
The story had spread through Skukuza like a wildfire, and there was barely standing room in the lab. Nobody ventured an opinion out loud, but there was an excited buzz of murmured conversation.
Michael undid the knot and folded the skin flat. "Please observe the lines along which the skin had been opened. Exactly where the kudu had been cut when we skinned it. Raggedly bitten and torn, but he followed the lines. Also, the musculature of the carcass had been torn open right down to the joints, which were severed by means of considerable force. Looking at the surfaces of the pieces of meat you can see severe bruising, which confirms the force necessary. I'm sure if Maria would perform a more detailed autopsy she will probably be able to tell us more."
"Oi, Michael," someone at the back shouted jokingly, "you and Anton can now delegate the hunting duties to Sasquatch and start putting in a decent day's work. Just be sure to give him a proper knife!" This broke the tension and had everyone in stitches.
*****

Chapter Seventeen
Mabo was ranting at Meintjies for failing to come up with a plan. "We have to take Skukuza! It is imperative that I continue my search. You are supposed to be a smart man and you can't think of anything?"
"I can think of lots of things, but not one that will work. You shot up the radio at Komati, and we don't know if there is one at Malelane. They are probably still listening to your radios, but it's no use trying to fake them into believing we are waiting for reinforcements or aircraft or any such bull. Small and the pilot stuffed all our chances. We were extremely lucky to find Bert and his hideout, otherwise we wouldn't have lasted. Skukuza is probably convinced that we have perished and are therefore no longer a threat. That's about the only thing in our favour."
"So what do we do? We can't sit here forever."
"Our only option might be an unconditional surrender."
Mabo whipped out his pistol and pointed it at Meintjies. He then motioned his bodyguards to disarm him. "You think I'm stupid, eh? You and Small talked me into leaving Pretoria to come and take over Skukuza. You never really planned to do that - you've been lying all along. All you were planning to do is to get your ass into Skukuza and then have Jenkins turn on me. Unconditional surrender? Hah. You'll have me thrown to the lions in no time. You have become insubordinate and I will not tolerate it! Handcuff him and lock him up with the other one!"
"Mr President, you are making a mistake. Don't do this - you are going to regret it."
"No, you are going to regret this!" Mabo was beside himself and foaming at the mouth. "You have contributed nothing since we left Pretoria. Go and join your useless mate in the bathroom till I decide what to do with you!"
Meintjies knew better than to argue any further. It would only upset the idiot more. He was hoping for an opportunity to save the other hostages and get everyone to Skukuza, but as remote as the chances seemed a minute ago, they now seem to have disappeared altogether. He had often wondered how loyal Mabo's men really were. Like him, belonging to the group offered a certain measure of security one would not have on one's own. But then, Bert had demonstrated that one can survive on one's own. The laid-back life Mabo and his men were currently living was not sustainable in the long run - true to the age-old African tradition they were simply using up everything they can get their hands on and not producing anything. It had never worked and it never will.
They had cuffed his hands behind his back with a set of ancient steel police handcuffs - the ones that could be opened with a paper clip - before throwing him into the bathroom with Bert. Bloody bunch of idiots, he thought.
Bert was grinning hugely when Meintjies came stumbling in. Meintjies noticed that Bert was longer handcuffed - a fact which had escaped the soldiers. Bert took one look at the handcuffs, and the moment the bathroom door was closed, he ripped the plug-chain off the hand basin. He fiddled with the metal piece that attached the plug to the chain for a moment. "Let's get this shit off you," he said, and a moment later he had one cuff open.
"Leave the other one," Meintjies said, "quicker to put it back on if they come barging in here."
"So, you left it too late."
"There was just no way. I can't just take off and leave the others here."
"Why not? What are they to you?"
"Neither friends nor family. Nothing but decent, civilised human beings that I'm not prepared to turn my back on and leave to the erratic whims of Mabo and his cohorts."
"Ah, spoken like a true philanthropist. So what are you planning to do for them, sitting in this bathroom in handcuffs?"
"That's something we'll have to work on."
"We? Me, I'm only looking after Number One, buddy. No freebie passengers to slow me down."
"That sounds all very macho on the surface, but stop for a moment and think a little further than the tip of your nose. If you think you can break out of here and then go slinking around in the bush for weeks with only one eye, picking off Mabo's men one by one till there's no-one left, you're mistaken. You may get some of them, but they'll get you in the end. You're not going to get your little fort back. Where are you going to live, and on what? Indefinitely and sustainable."
Bert slumped back morosely. "There's no bloody alternative. I'd rather go down fighting."
"No-one has to go down - there is an alternative. Skukuza."
"In your dreams. It was flattened in a faction war two years ago. There's nothing."
"I flew over it personally, less than a month ago. I took a lot of video footage, which I later studied in detail. They have crops, orchards, cattle, sheep, pigs, electric fences, the lot. They will undoubtedly welcome anyone who can make a contribution, especially people with skills like the hostages. We need to either get there, or at least contact them. I think they even have a helicopter - heard one out there over the Park yesterday."
"So what are we waiting for then?"
"If we escape from here, which shouldn't be too hard, Mabo will know exactly where we're heading. We won't get very far."
"How about we take him hostage? And at the same time take along all the other hostages," Bert said.
"One of the few things Mabo did right in his life was when he selected his bodyguards. They're pretty sharp. I suspect they're a lot smarter than him. I gave that option serious thought on several occasions, but it's always been too risky for the hostages. I don't think one of them has ever fired a gun in their lives. With only me and a pistol against them it would have been a massacre."
"We're not defenceless, you know. I've got some stuff stored for a rainy day."
"Pray tell."
"My father had a boathouse in Malelane for more than twenty years. He loved to go deep-sea fishing in Mozambique and over the years he always had a variety of boats and fishing gear stored there. He always looked after his stuff with great care, so the boathouse was as solid as Fort Knox. Everyone knew there was only a boat and fishing gear in there, so no-one ever bothered to loot it. Over the last couple of years I added some of my own stuff."
"So exactly where is it and what's in there? Let's see if there's something we can use. We need to get these people out of here before this lunatic does something stupid."
*
Once everyone had left, Sam, Michael and Maria were still discussing the events. Questions and riddles abounded but there were no answers. Michael eventually wandered off with Houdi in tow. Speculating on Sasquatch wasn't going to get them anywhere.
During his aimless wanderings the thought of Small's epileptic-like seizure at the sight of the plaster cast flitted through his consciousness. Was it a coincidence? Without much hope he altered direction slightly and headed towards the hospital.
Michael had just sat down next to Small's bed when Maria also came wandering in. "Also wondering if it was a coincidence?" he asked with a smile.
She returned the smile. "Seems great minds think alike."
Michael looked at the catatonic Small. "Who are you? Where did you come from?"
Maria, sitting on the opposite side of the bed, put her hand on Small's arm. "What do you know about Sasquatch? What is Amor?" Small went rigid and his eyes swivelled towards Maria.
"Amor," Small croaked, looking deep into Maria's eyes.
"Water, quick," Maria said to Michael with urgency. "And get Dr Mocke."
The restlessness had returned and Small was struggling to sit up when Dr Mocke arrived and pressed him down gently. "Easy, easy," Dr Mocke soothed while checking the vitals.
"Who are you?" Maria asked him again. He did appear a little more lucid and she was determined to pump him for information as hard as she could.
"Small," he said. "Professor at CSIR. Genome research, recombinant DNA..."
"Get your dad - fast!" Mocke whispered to Michael, who was off in a flash.
Sam was at the bedside in seconds. Mocke had finished checking heart rate and blood pressure, and nodded the OK to Sam. Michael had already filled him in on the scant information Small had given.
"Professor Small, my name is Sam. You have been wounded and are in hospital in Skukuza. Your friend who was in the plane with you died from his wounds."
"How long?"
"Couple of days. You were the only survivor and we brought you back from Komatipoort. Why did you fly down from Pretoria, and what is the antenna on your plane for? Where has Mabo disappeared to? How many soldiers in his army? Please, talk to me. Our lives depend on the information you can give us. We have no idea what we're up against. Help us."
"Mabo is a lunatic. Ever since he got the 'super soldier' idea in his head, way back when he was still the minister in charge of the Chimera Project."
Dr Mocke perked up. "The same Mabo who was forever hanging around the CSIR facility at Orpen?"
Small looked at Dr Mocke with a deep frown. "What do you know about the Orpen facility and who are you?"
Dr Mocke introduced himself and explained that he had been a medical practitioner at Phalaborwa, the nearest town to Orpen Gate in the Park. He therefore knew about the top secret military/CSIR facility hidden in the bush. Like everyone else, he never had the faintest idea what was going on behind the tall fences and high walls, but wild theories had abounded. He was aware that the then Minister Mabo Zumpara had frequently visited the facility over a span of years before and during the AIDS epidemic.
Small let out a deep sigh. "This started some twenty years ago," he said. "Some politician dreamed up the notion of breeding super soldiers. Strong, fast, intelligent and super-obedient. The moment someone sold the idea to Mabo he became obsessed with it. He saw himself as a world-power in the making. They pulled me in from the University, gave me unlimited funding and facilities, and ordered me to 'make' soldiers. I was pretty much given free reins. That, of course, was bait that no scientist could ever refuse. I was never really trying to 'make' super soldiers, but the research opportunities were immense, so I jumped in with all my heart."
"So what has all this got to do with Sasquatch?" Sam asked.
"I delved into the stories about Bigfoot, the Yeti and all the other claimed sightings of what appeared to be basically the same animal all over the planet. During my research I came across someone in North America whom I initially classified as a member of the lunatic fringe. He claimed to have shot and wounded a Bigfoot. Sent me two digits of a finger he alleged to have shot off. All the experts I consulted in this country were unanimous: it was not the fingers of one of the great apes. There simply were no answers, so I started working on the DNA, which only led to more riddles. It was a lot closer to human than anything I've ever seen, and there was nothing comparable in the literature. So I kept the lid on it and started trying to clone it. Only Mabo and a few of my researchers on the Chimera payroll knew about it. I did most of my work in my CSIR lab in Pretoria and all the hands-on work was done in the labs at Orpen. As we progressed, Mabo became more and more demanding to the point where he was totally unreasonable, expecting miracles."
"As you progressed - meaning? Please expound."
"We had a lot of failures but we also had some astounding successes. The breakthrough was three years ago when we successfully raised a genuine Sasquatch, nearly eight feet tall and weighing in at more than four hundred kilograms. Highly intelligent, unbelievably quick and strong, but nowhere near as submissive and obedient as we had hoped for."
Maria jumped up to fetch a copy of the Sasquatch photograph from her lab. When she returned everyone was still talking simultaneously at top volume, no-one listening to what the others were saying. The excitement was palpable - at last they had the answer to their greatest riddle - they knew where Sasquatch had come from. They were elated.
Maria pushed the photograph into Small's hands. "Do you recognise your baby" she asked gleefully.
Small stared at the photograph myopically and went completely ashen. As it dawned on everyone that something seemed to be out of kilter the conversations started dying down till there was complete silence.
"Say hello to Amor," Maria suggested tentatively.
"Uh, uh," Small stuttered as if he was having difficulty breathing. He looked at them in total bewilderment. Then he pulled Dr Mocke's glasses off his eyes violently, bending the frame in the process. He had some difficulty in fitting the mangled glasses on his own eyes and looked at the photograph again, squinting with his nose touching the picture. "Where did you get this?" he whispered.
"Taken early this morning, just outside Skukuza," Sam said.
"Impossible. I worked exclusively with the homogametic XX chromosome. All my subjects were female. This is not Amor - he is not one of mine."

It took some time for everyone to calm down again and Sam had to raise his voice to restore order. "Please, everyone, give Professor Small a gap to fill us in on this. Prof Small, what happened to Amor?"
"I don't know. She is most probably dead. When she refused to do Mabo's bidding it drove him mad. He had my people fit an electric collar around her neck, with which he shocked her repeatedly when she refused to do his bloody tricks. He tried to train her like a bloody soldier and she'd have none of it. This treatment also drove her berserk and we couldn't work with her at all. She singled out Mabo and would freak out whenever she saw him. Fortunately at this stage, as everyone started dropping like flies, Mabo returned to Pretoria. I immediately instructed my people to remove the collar and replace it with a tracking device implanted under the skin of her neck. They were also instructed to set her free as soon as she had regained her health. All went well for about a month when the facility went off the air without warning. Nobody knows what happened and nobody has been there since."
"Is that what the antennas on the planes were all about?"
"Mabo kept some of my scientists and technicians alive at the main campus because I spun him a story. He never gave up on his ideas and kept pestering me about it. I told him about the implant and had him believe that, if she was still alive, we may be able to locate her. Hence his obsession to search the whole of the Kruger National Park for a signal. A Captain Meintjies, who is also a hostage, was on the plane that landed at Hoedspruit when you were there. He told me about you and Skukuza, and we decided that our only hope was to lure Mabo to Kruger and somehow escape with the other hostages and join you. As you well know, things went horribly wrong."
"We know Mabo made it to Komatipoort, but he turned back and disappeared. Any ideas on that?"
"I don't think he is any threat to you. He knew he couldn't bring all his soldiers with him in a convoy - food, fuel, ammunition, everything was running out and the whole lot was getting close to mutiny. He picked his twenty best men and deserted the rest. Fortunately we were able to convince him that my people would be needed to get his super soldier project off the ground again. We faked a signal in the vicinity of Skukuza and he swallowed it. He had a total of twenty soldiers, seven hostages, six trucks, two Taliwagons and a Ratel. I doubt if there's much left by now. And there is no way he can turn back - he machine-gunned his own people when he left."
"Nice man," Sam mused. "He will undoubtedly still be listening in on our radio, so maybe the time has come to lure him into the open. We can't sit around waiting for him to make a move indefinitely."
"I can't wait," Michael said, rubbing his hands in anticipation. From the moment he learnt about Mabo's cruelty to Amor he'd had his revs up. "I'll make him pay for Amor."
Small smiled his approval. "Make him pay dearly. The man is a monster."
"Slow down with the vengeance, everyone," Sam said. "Michael, please alert Fix, Aaron, Domingo, Moya and who-ever else might be interested - we have a strategy meeting in the boardroom in two hours. Now, Prof Small, please go over everything in detail once more. We need to know everything there is to know about Mabo."
*
Despite repeated pleas for more medication for Bert's eye the guards did not even bother to reply. It also seemed that Mabo had no intention of feeding them, as even their pleas for water went unanswered. It seemed pretty clear that the guards were under strict orders not to open the door under any circumstances, and not communicate with the prisoners.
"OK," Meintjies said, "the asshole is determined to ignore us for now. Which may be good. We can't go sideways" he said, indicating the brick walls, barred window and guarded door. "And we can't go down, it being a concrete floor. The ceiling looks like plasterboard to me. Single storey here?"
"Jip," Bert responded, "the whole back of the house is single storey. But they'll hear us if we go through the ceiling."
"Undoubtedly, but if they think we are simply being obnoxious they might ignore that too. What is above the ceiling?"
"Buggered if I know. Probably roof struts and tiles."
"OK, so if we get lucky and get to the ground outside, what then? The boathouse in Malelane is at least seven clicks away."
"We will simply have to gamble and run the gauntlet. Lions are fairly scarce around here - I've been shooting them on sight over the last couple of years. But that doesn't mean there aren't any. I have no rifles or lights stashed anywhere near the house. My horse still in the stable?"
"Yeah, and well-fed. Seems he is a good horse and you've been looking after him well. He will be taking a bit of strain with the two of us, but it's still a lot better than walking. It will be impossible to steal a vehicle - not even Mabo is that stupid. Pursuit will be by vehicles, so we should be OK as long as we stick to the bush."
"No problem, I know the area like the back of my hand. So how do you intend breaking out without the guards hearing?"
"They'll hear, all right. But we'll have to be quick - if we persist too long they may come checking. Get this other cuff off and help me get on to the wall of the shower cubicle." As they had failed to search him prior to locking him up, he still had his clasp knife, the serrated edge of which came in handy as he pushed it through the plaster board. With some effort but in relative silence he cut a square in the ceiling where it met the wall.
"OK, now comes the noisy bit," he said, pocketing his knife and gripping the edge of the cut piece. "I want you to chant a demand for water at the top of your voice repeatedly while making a hell of a racket - bang on the side of the shower stall or something. Go!"
At the sound of the first blow Meintjies pulled down on the plaster board with all his might. It came out so easily he nearly lost his balance and toppled off the wall. By the third blow he was peering into the gloom through an adequate opening. "Pass me the lamp," he said to Bert. They didn't have the luxury of a Coleman, but the light of the paraffin lamp was good enough for their purpose. The sturdy beams supporting the roof tiles stretched off into the darkness. Judging by the height of the slanting roof they were close to the edge.
After helping Bert up into the ceiling they started to lift off the roof tiles one by one after dousing the lantern, stacking them next to the opening they were creating. Meintjies could hardly believe their escape was going so smoothly, and couldn't help but wonder when things would start going wrong. The best laid plans of mice and men and all that, he thought.
Despite his apprehension it kept going without the slightest hitch. Once they were out on the roof Bert motioned Meintjies to follow him. He led Meintjies to the roof of a small veranda overhanging the back door, where there was a huge creeper growing up the wall. They carefully peered over the gutter, checking for guards, before starting their cautious descent.
The crescent moon provided enough light for them to trot off in the direction of the stables with ease.
Bert opened the stable door and walked into the pitch darkness, knowing exactly where he was going. The horse had recognised him, and whinnied a subdued welcome.
"There, my boy, glad to see you too," Bert whispered as Meintjies also stepped inside. The silence was shattered by the slide of an AK47 being cocked, and a torch illuminated Bert and his horse. "Stop! Hands up!" a guard shouted, just the way he had seen it done in the movies. He had apparently been fast asleep in the hay and hadn't spotted Meintjies entering behind him. Meintjies had his knife in his right hand instantly, and threw his left elbow around the guard's throat, at the same time slashing hard at the hand holding the rifle. The guard screamed and managed to get off three shots into the wall before dropping both his rifle and the torch.
"Go go go!" Meintjies urged as he plunged the knife into the soldier's chest repeatedly. Bert grabbed a halter and led the horse out while Meintjies collected the AK and the torch, flicking the safety on the gun and switching off the torch. Lights were coming on in the house, accompanied by lots of shouting and cursing.
Bert was already on the horse, but Meintjies experienced a lot of difficulty, hampered by the rifle and the torch, which he refused to drop.
By the time they cantered off into the darkness torches were approaching the stables and vehicles were being started.
"Fuck," Bert said.
"Yeah, nearly made it clean and dry. What are our chances?"
"Pretty good, I think. For the first five clicks we will be in a dry riverbed, out of reach of spotlights from any road. From there it's overgrown sugarcane fields right up to the edge of the industrial area. Just keep that torch and AK handy in case we run into something else."
Off to their left a variety of vehicles were charging up and down every passable road and track, spotlights blazing. Every now and again someone would let off a salvo at something real or imagined.
"Bloody circus," Meintjies mumbled.
"How the hell did you manage to stick with that idiot for so long?" Bert asked.
"Not by choice, my friend. Not by choice."

They arrived at the boathouse safely and without incident, Meintjies patting the horse on the rump as he slid off. "Good work, my boy - you're a winner."
Through some boiling cumulus clouds dawn was rolling in from the east as they walked to the back of the building where Bert lifted a slab of crumbling paving. Digging down in the loose soil for about ten centimetres he retrieved a bunch of keys sealed in a plastic bag.
"Solid gold," Meintjies said.
Bert opened a door and they entered, Bert leading the horse.
Even though Meintjies had been mentally prepared for it, he still stopped and stared in awe. It was all there as Bert had claimed, and a lot more. He switched on the torch and started inspecting the contents of the boathouse.
There were two boats; a large ski-boat with two 200 hp. outboards and a RIB with a 90 hp. motor, both on trailers. There was also a big Dodge 4x4 tow truck and a 500cc scrambler. Sealed containers of fuel, food, weapons, camping kit and just about any other piece of survival equipment one could think of filled the boathouse to capacity. Meintjies let out a low whistle. "Wow, you've been a very busy man."
Bert shrugged. "Not much else to do."
"It still bothers me why you started sniping at us instead of just letting us pass through."
Another shrug. "Firstly, boredom I suppose. Secondly, I don't like people snooping around in my territory. Nothing like a couple of head shots to discourage them. No-one passing through here will find anything further east, so they might come back. Better to give them the message loud and clear." Bert opened a cupboard and took out a medicine chest. "Give me a hand changing the dressing?" he asked.
"Our next step is the radio," Meintjies said while working on Bert's eye. "I am not familiar with the area. Any suggestions?"
"Both boats have ship to shore radios - all we have to do is extend the antennas and connect the batteries. Doubt if it's going to be of any help with the limited bandwidth."
"Getting to the Parks Board radio at reception will probably be impossible. Mabo knows that is where we'll be heading first, so he has probably destroyed it or put lots of guards on it. What are the approaches to the entry gate like?"
"An impossible bottleneck. There is a wide open bridge crossing the Crocodile River, and reception is directly on the opposite bank. There is simply no way you can approach the gate without crossing the bridge."
"The boats?"
"No way. There are some deep pools in the river, but it's not really negotiable by boat. Rocks and rapids, mostly. Put your foot in the water, and the crocs will get you."
"Shit," Meintjies said. "Do you know anything about radios?"
"Only the on/off switch."
"OK, then it's going to have to be the Park radio. I don't suppose we can cross at one of the deep pools with the rubber duck and walk to Skukuza?"
"With those lions in the Park you won't get far."
"Is there a pool near the gate? Then we can try walking to the gate and get to the radio."
"About a kilo downstream. But shit, it is dangerous country over there. Also, getting the boat down to the river and launching it will be noisy - they'll hear us."
"I notice you have R1's in your armoury." Meintjies was referring to the military 7.62mm assault rifles.
"Jip, but if we have to start shooting lions Mabo's guys will be on to us in no time. There must still be about fifteen of them, as well as a Ratel and the Taliwagons. Rather bad odds."
"I agree but hell, we'll have to start playing sometime soon, never mind the odds. There is no telling what the idiot is going to do with the hostages. He might try to negotiate with Skukuza, or just give up and shoot the lot of them. This guy is totally impulsive and unpredictable."
They both sat in brooding silence for a while, contemplating the impossible odds. Suddenly something occurred to Bert which made him jump up, pointing his finger in the air. "Hey! There may be a way. What month is it?"
Meintjies frowned and consulted his Traser. "October the second - why? What's that got to do with it? You hoping for a solar eclipse or something?"
"We've had some rain, but the summer storms haven't started yet. They're overdue. Yeah, Man!"
Bert sat down again, gesticulating wildly in his excitement as he started explaining. "In the old days the river could only be crossed by a low-water bridge. It was really nothing more than a narrow slab of concrete spanning the river. With every decent bit of rain the bridge was flooded, and Malelane gate had to close till the river subsided. Then some forty years ago the new bridge was built on the same spot. If you would stop on the bridge, get out of your car and lean over the left-hand railing you can still see the old bridge. Officially the river is inside the Park, so people were not allowed to get out of their vehicles. No-one ever did, so the old bridge was forgotten. There used to be a footpath leading down to it from the golf course and as kids we used to go fishing there. Illegal, but nobody ever saw us. Provided it has not yet been flooded we should be able to walk over to Malelane Reception in broad daylight. It just depends where Mabo placed his guards."
"Now you're talking! The guards can be nowhere but on the bridge itself - that's the only way to guarantee we can't access the radio. Are you sure they won't know about the old bridge and guard that as well?"
"One hundred percent. Not even the people working at the offices knew about it anymore and they crossed the bridge every day of their lives. I haven't been there for many years but even back then it was no longer recognisable as having been a bridge. It looked more like flotsam and tree trunks jammed in the rapids."
"Will we be able to negotiate it?"
"Only one way to find out, eh? We'll take the horse and cut across the golf course - we won't be going anywhere near a road. Let's kit-up."
Meintjies preferred an R1 while Bert took a scoped .300 Winchester Magnum hunting rifle and handed Meintjies a large fixed blade knife. "This will work better than your little clasp knife," he said with a grin.
They both took water bottles and binoculars, removed all traces of their presence near the building, and cantered off through the sugar cane in the direction of the nearby golf course.

They left the horse at the edge of the golf course and proceeded cautiously on foot. No trace of the foot path remained, and it was heavy going through the thick riverine bush. Both men jerked up their rifles as a lone buffalo bull broke cover right in front of them, but fortunately it headed upstream instead of attacking. "Man," Bert whispered, "those guys are bad news. And there's lots of them in the thick stuff. Keep your eyes open."
A few minutes later they reached the riverbank some fifty yards upstream from the bridge. Through the binoculars Mabo's soldiers could be seen clearly at the opposite end of the bridge. There were five of them lounging around under a tarpaulin stretched from the Taliwagon. A sixth soldier was in the seat of the heavy machine gun pointing down the length of the bridge. The entry gate and admin block was some sixty yards behind them.
"Bloody perfect," Meintjies whispered, scanning the bottom of the bridge pillars. He could make out the slab of the old bridge beneath a considerable layer of flotsam. It still seemed to be some thirty centimetres above the level of the river. It had obviously sagged in places, but seemed mainly intact.
"OK," Meintjies said, "here's what we do. You stay here and keep me covered. In the unlikely event of one of those buggers walking onto the bridge and peering over the railing, I am out in the open with nowhere to hide. Shoot him before he shoots me. The rest will be much more interested on the riverbank where the shot had come from than in what their pal had seen under the bridge. Might buy me enough time to get away."
"You're on. What are you going to tell Skukuza?"
"I'll play it by ear when I get there."
With that Meintjies started descending towards the old bridge with as little disturbance to the foliage as possible. Not that he was really worried about the movement attracting attention - there were so many baboons and other wildlife in the area that there permanently seemed to be movement in the bushes. He was relieved to find that most of the more obstructive debris had gotten stuck on the upstream side of the slab, making his going a little easier and allowing him to stick to the part deepest under the overhang of the new bridge. He jumped with fright as he nearly stepped on a crocodile basking on the debris. The camouflage was so perfect that he only noticed it when it plunged into the water a mere two metres away. From there he proceeded with even more caution.
Bert had been watching all this through his rifle scope, and grinned. "Wakey wakey city boy," he whispered. "This is rough country."
Meintjies let out a sigh of relief when he entered the bush on the far side. He had found it nerve wracking being out in the open in broad daylight with no cover, and with six killers a few metres above his head. When he judged himself to be opposite the admin building he veered to his right, inching slowly towards the parking area. Peering around the base of a tree he found his reckoning to be spot-on. The soldiers were sixty metres to the right of him facing in the opposite direction. However, the parking area was much too wide to his liking - there was zero cover, and if one of them happened to turn his head while he was scampering across he would be dead before reaching the buildings.
He crept back into the cover of the bush and proceeded another hundred metres to where he notice a slight curve in the road.
"Perfect," he whispered when he emerged once more. The buildings were now directly between him and the men. He started running back towards the buildings in a crouch, knowing full well that, if there's someone inside he will be as obvious as a hippo in a bathtub.
He was panting heavily when he sagged to the ground, his back to the wall of the admin building. So far so good, he thought as he rested for a full two minutes, taking small sips of water. The entry to the reception area was on the side of the building, partially obscured by some aloes, and he made it through the unlocked door without a hitch.
The radio was the only item on the reception counter, just sitting there invitingly. There were no signs similar to those found at Komati. He approached cautiously, aware of the possibility of booby traps.
Nothing was plugged into the radio. Next to it lay the ends of two cables - a power cable leading to a nearby solar powered battery, and the other obviously the antenna. The thought of plugging in that power cable scared Meintjies witless. Would the set start squawking and screeching? What was the volume set at, and which of the myriad buttons regulated it? Then there was also the possibility of his own voice carrying far enough for the soldiers to hear it.
He decided against the odds and took out the knife Bert had given him. He cut off the ends of both the cables and pocketed them, in case Bert did not have the right connections. Then he picked up the radio, tucked it under his arm and went back the way he came.
Bert, who had been watching his progress, started sniggering as the exhausted Meintjies plopped down next to him, sweating like a transport ox. 'Heh, you don't take shit, do you?" He was having difficulty controlling his laughter. "Right from under their fucking noses. Can you believe that? Mabo is going to have a fit." He was convulsed with silent laughter.
"Come on, let's get out of here. We've pushed our luck far enough for one day," Meintjies said, beginning to move back.
"Just a little bit more," Bert said, clicking off the safety on his rifle and peering through the scope.
"Are you out of your mind?"
"An eye for an eye, eh? Go ahead - I'll catch up in a minute. Let's see what this stirs up."
Meintjies headed back along their trail of trampled bushes mumbling darkly under his breath.
Bert scored a perfect head shot on the soldier manning the machine gun, and by the time the report of the rifle reached the group, the second bullet was already up the spout. Everyone was screaming and diving for cover, with no idea where that had come from. Bert scored a body shot on another soldier who started screaming louder than his comrades. "Ah well," Bert mumbled to himself as he started retreating, "any hit with a .300 is a good hit."
As Bert overtook Meintjies near the golf course he had another fit of laughter. "Those fuckers never knew what hit them. I doubt if they've even lifted their heads yet."
"That was a bit reckless, wasn't it?" Meintjies made no effort to hide his displeasure.
"Not at all. They're cowards, the lot of them. Real tough as long as they're pointing the guns, but the moment the tables are turned they cower like cornered skunks. They wouldn't dare cross that open bridge until Mabo brings reinforcements. We can take our time."
*
The moment Lance's watchdog computer sounded the alarm, he hit the 'record' button and shouted for someone to get Sam on the double.
One of the soldiers had been brave enough to creep into the Taliwagon at floor level and managed to get the radio going. This was more than enough reason to break the radio silence.
"Mr President the sniper is back. He shot two men on the bridge!" he shouted into the mike. When there was no reaction for thirty seconds he repeated his message. It took Mabo another thirty seconds to respond, by which time Sam was sitting next to Lance, listening intently.
"Did they get to the radio?" came Mabo's voice over the ether.
"No Sir, Mr President. They did not even get to the bridge. They fired at us from the bushes on the opposite bank."
"How many shots, how many casualties?"
"Many, many shots were exchanged, Sir. One of our men is dead and another wounded. Then we managed to drive them off. We need reinforcements to launch a follow-up operation."
"You've got four more men and a Taliwagon. Start searching for them. Find them. I'll send the other Taliwagon with four more men. If you let them get away again and I'll skin you alive."
Sam sat back as the radio clicked off. By now there were several people in the room. "Let's listen to it again," Sam said.
"Right, let's summarise," Sam said as the recording ended. "They have come under fire from this sniper before, two or more persons had escaped from wherever Mabo is holed up with the hostages. The escapees were obviously hoping to get to a radio - in all probability the Park's radio at Komati, but it seems they had a reception committee waiting on the bridge. They want to communicate with us. Any ideas?"
"Sounds about right," Fix said. "Now that Mabo has broken the radio silence he might contact us to make some sort of deal. Or should we contact him?"
"Let's give him a day or so and see what he comes up with," Sam said.
*
Mabo was in a quandary and although he would be the last to admit it, close to panic. He had to prevent Meintjies from making contact with Skukuza at all cost. Jenkins would undoubtedly want to rescue the hostages and the remainder of his own army would be no match for them. Bert and Meintjies would lead them straight to his hideout and it would be all over in minutes. He would either be killed or left here to rot.
He decided to personally go and destroy the radio at the gate, and headed for the Ratel accompanied by his bodyguards.
The Ratel started easily enough, but engaging the gearbox was accompanied with much grating and grinding. When they eventually got underway the whining sounded like a low-key siren. Mabo wouldn't stick his own head out the turret and had one of his guards in the hot seat.
*
Back at the boathouse both men were elated to find that the fittings for both the antenna and the power supply on the big boat were standard, and they connected the radio with great anticipation. While Meintjies was erecting the boat's antenna Bert was fiddling with a huge dry-cell battery.
When they were all set Bert opened two lukewarm beers and they sat down in the cockpit. "Cheers," Bert said, raising his bottle. "You did well back there. From right under their fucking noses," he said, patting the radio and chuckling.
All the dials lit up when they switched on, and the speaker emitted a burst of static. They cheered in unison.
Half an hour later all they still had was static. They checked and re-checked the connections and fiddled with every available dial and switch, all to no avail.
"Fuck," Meintjies said.
"Fuck," Bert agreed. "Must have something to do with the wavelength and antenna. Maybe the ship-to-shore antenna simply won't work on this radio."
"So let's try the boat's radio," Meintjies suggested.
"Won't work. There are only nine pre-set wavelengths on it, and Skukuza sure as hell won't be listening on those. There definitely hasn't been a signal on any ship-to-shore wavelength for years."
"We can either try that or simply sit here and wait for the rain. Do you hear the thunder out there? Maybe it will rain enough for us to take the boat up to Skukuza."
"I suppose we've got nothing to lose," Bert said, disconnecting the Park radio and linking up the boat's radio.
The sound coming over the speakers was more promising than the incessant static.
"I think that is what they call a carrier wave," Bert said enthusiastically.
"What gives you that idea?" Meintjies said, flicking through all the available channels.
"Gotta believe in something, eh? Check that little needle when I depress the button on the mike. We're definitely sending out a signal. Better say something."
*
When they came to a whining stop at the gate Mabo had his men check out the buildings before leaving the safety of the Ratel. Even so he took the precaution of dashing into the building crouched and weaving. One glance told him the whole story and he went ballistic. He had seen the radio with his own eyes and had wondered why the connections had been lying loose next to it. Now it was gone, as were the connections. He stormed out to the Ratel.
"Sergeant Sipho where is the radio?" he screamed into the mike.
The leader on the Taliwagon responded immediately. "Sir, we haven't been near the building. No-one has."
"The radio has been stolen right from the counter! How is this possible?"
"It is not possible, Mr President. Nothing and nobody came near that bridge. We made very sure of that."
"I will have you shot for this! Where are you now?"
"We are patrolling the industrial area opposite the sugar mill, Sir. They must have come through the bush on the horse."
"To shoot at you. But how the hell did they manage to get into the Park behind you and steal the radio? That's what I want to know!"
"The only way I can think of is to swim across the river, Sir."
"There and back, without being eaten by the crocodiles? Bullshit. The only way was across the bridge!"
"No Sir, definitely not, I swear. Not so much as a mouse..."
"Get off the air you useless idiot!" Mabo screamed. "Back to base - everyone!"
*
Sam raised his eyebrows in surprise. "The sugar mill? They're in Malelane, not Komati. They all seem to have thought the radio there had been set up like the one at Komati. Sod it, if it had been, we would now have had contact with the escapees. How they managed to get across and steal the radio is a mystery. One thing is for sure - they've got balls."
"Where the hell could Mabo have found a base that could sustain his people?" Fix asked. "There's nothing left anywhere near Malelane. The town had been looted to the ground."
"I'd be surprised if there's as much as a can of bully beef left in the whole of the town," Sam said. "Maybe someone managed to keep one of the estates going."
"Yeah, once the threat of roving gangs and looters had ceased to be a factor it should have been possible to get something sustainable on the go," Fix mused. "But I'm afraid that will probably be shot to hell by now, since Mabo discovered it."
"Hopefully the last of the looters and users," Sam agreed. "There remains the matter of the hostages. According to Small they would be one hell of an asset to us. We need to save them. By the sound of it Mabo should be pretty much a push-over, but we need to find a way that would not require any shoot-outs."
"We need to lure him..." Fix was interrupted by the computer alarm sounding off again.
Lance glanced at his equipment and frowned. "Where the hell is this coming from?" he asked, hammering away at his keyboard. "This is the emergency wavelength of a ship-to-shore radio!"
"Heh?" Fix said with a grin. "Mabo now has a navy?"
The room was suddenly filled with a clear voice coming over the speakers, repeating the same message over and over. "Mayday Skukuza, do you copy?"
Sam grabbed the mike. "Receiving you loud and clear. Please identify."
A stunned silence was followed by a very excited Meintjies. "Skukuza, this is Captain Meintjies of the erstwhile South African infantry. We've been held hostage by Mabo - you'll have learnt about him on your radio intercepts. We escaped this morning in order to try and establish contact with you."
"We are aware of your brave antics with the Park radio. What radio are you presently using?"
"I am apprehensive about giving out detail over the radio in case Mabo can hear us, Mr Jenkins."
Lance leaned over and took the mike from Sam. "Hi Captain, my name is Lance. I am the radio operator here, and I can give you the assurance that Mabo will not hear you on this wavelength. There is no chance that he will have either the knowledge or equipment to scan the ether for transmissions. So you can safely go ahead and talk to Mr Jenkins."
"We are on a ski-boat in a warehouse in Malelane. The boathouse is well-stocked and we are safe in here. There are, however, seven more hostages kept on a farm about two clicks out of town. The situation is rather volatile and their future is becoming more unpredictable by the minute."
A lightning strike nearby cracked like a bomb, followed by a roll of thunder that drowned out any possibility of conversation for a while.
"Sounds like there's a big one coming your way," Sam said once everyone got their hearing back. "We'll try to move out first thing in the morning. What is Mabo's position, strength and armament? And how and where are the hostages being kept?"
Meintjies explained in as much detail as possible, frequently interrupted by peals of thunder.
"Is the bridge still guarded?" Sam wanted to know.
"I can't guarantee that it isn't, but there's no point since Mabo knows we've got the radio. Besides, he's getting a little short on manpower now, thanks to Bert's attrition. But he'll be convinced that we've contacted you, and act accordingly. Whatever that may entail."
"Not even Boris Spasski can out-guess an idiot. We'll try to think of something. Keep the radio on and don't get washed away."
"Will do. Out," Meintjies said and turned to Bert with a broad smile. "Yeah Man! I love it when a plan comes together. Now we have to start thinking about getting rid of Mabo without him killing off the hostages. Got paper and a pen in here? I need you to draw me a floor plan of the house as well as a plan of the surrounding area. Ditches, cover, that sort of thing."
*****

Chapter Eighteen
After Small's revelations, Michael once again found himself wandering through the orchards deep in thought, Houdi zigzagging ahead and sniffing at everything. Thunder rumbled far to the east and on the horizon he could see masses of cumulus clouds beginning to boil up to impossible heights. Knowing that this was going to bring the first serious rain within a day or two, he decided to find Anton and go fishing before the river starts flooding. The first torrential rains of summer usually puts a stop to fishing for a month or two.
He couldn't find his friend anywhere and went to the hospital to ask Anton's father about his whereabouts.
"Dr Mocke, Anton seems to have gone missing. Any idea where he could be?"
"Yes. Safe and sound in bed four in the next ward."
Michael's jaw dropped in shock. "Did he have an accident?" Ha was already moving in the direction of the indicated ward.
"No, nothing like that," Dr Mocke chuckled. "He's got a bout of flu and the only way I can keep him in bed is if I can have him under four eyes 24/7. If I'd ordered him to bed at home he would have been out in the bush by now. I know the two of you too well."
Michael looked at his rather forlorn-looking friend ensconced in the hospital bed and managing to look guilty. "Sorry Man," Anton said. "Nothing really wrong with me, but my dad insists. Bloody boring."
"Well, he's the doc so he'll know better. Just hang in there. I thought I'd go see if I can get a line wet before the storms arrive. Might be the last chance for a while."
"You can't go alone - your dad will kick your ass."
"I've been going into the bush on my own since I was thirteen. Nothing has changed."
"Sasquatch has changed everything."
"No he hasn't. If he had wanted to harm us he could have killed us many times over. I have the feeling he is watching our every move, learning from us."
"You're a bloody dreamer. Just make damn sure you're ready for him the day he decides you have taught him enough. He is infinitely more dangerous than a gut-shot buffalo."
"Ah, bullshit man. Besides, I'm just going to the pool below the camp. I'm not even taking the truck: it's silly to drive seventy yards and then walk the last fifty anyway."
"Oh boy, your dad's going to have a field day when he finds out."
"He won't if I don't take the truck." Michael was by now beginning to get a little worked up, probably because he knew full well he was planning to do something that would not sit well with his dad. But hell, he wished everyone would stop treating him like a kid. He had grown up in the bush with a gun or a bow in his hands and between his dad and Aaron they have taught him everything.
"Than at least take your walkie-talkie - that way you can keep me posted on the action. If they're really biting I might be able to give my dad the slip as well, heh heh." They both listened to the approaching rumble of thunder. "Better take your rain suit too," Anton said, referring to the army issue kit that would keep one dry during even the worst of storms.
"Shit you're beginning to sound like my mother. And no, I'm not going to take a box of tissues and a warm little cloth to clean my hands with, and..." He was interrupted by Anton who was beginning to chortle.
"Cool it, you little runt, I'm two years older than you and just giving you some friendly advice."
Michael realised Anton was taking the mickey out of him and lifted his hand sheepishly in greeting. "I'll go get you some fish for dinner, you bed-ridden sissy."

As soon as Michael slunk out the gate he wondered if he shouldn't have taken the truck after all. Without Anton to help carry all the kit his arms were rather overloaded. To give himself more freedom of movement he stopped and put on the rain suit - one less item to carry. Still, he had his rifle, two rods, tackle box, water bottle, walkie-talkie and a can of bait to cope with.
As they neared the river bank Houdi heard something down by the water's edge and sped off into the underbrush to see if it was edible. Michael walked right by the leopard within a metre without being aware of it. It was said that the camouflage of a leopard was as good as an invisible suit.
Michael only became aware of the leopard when it hit him from behind in silence, bowling him over and sending his rifle and fishing kit sliding down the embankment. The leopard had him firmly in its claws and was going for the spine bite at the back of his neck. Through his shock Michael was aware of Houdi launching his attack accompanied with ferocious snarls and grows, tearing into the leopard with all he had. Houdi only managed to distract the leopard for a second before it went back to work on Michael. Michael knew instantly he was as good as dead. His thick rain suit was hampering his efforts to draw the Desert Eagle from the hip holster, and he was being pinned down in an awkward position. He could actually feel the leopard nuzzling at the back of his neck.
Then the furious roar of Sasquatch stopped time in the bush. Accompanied with the deafening bellow of rage the leopard was plucked from Michael with such force that it sent Houdi flying a full five yards down the riverbank. This was followed by the loud crack of things being broken. As Michael rolled over on his back, still battling to get his gun out of the holster he was stunned by the size of the creature towering over him. Sasquatch wasn't even looking at the leopard in his arms - he had direct eye contact with Michael. He dropped the broken leopard in the dust and lowered his mighty arms to his side, looking at Michael in silence without moving a muscle. By this time Michael had Sasquatch squarely in the sights of his Desert Eagle, and they were staring at each other over the barrel in silence. Houdi came scrambling up the embankment and stopped next to Michael, pressing his body up against him as if telling him everything is OK and the fight is over. Not that it had been a fight at all - it was a plain, straight-forward execution.
Michael got up slowly and painfully, aware of blood running down his shoulder under the rain suit. Sasquatch hadn't moved and still had his eyes locked on Michael's. Looking into those intelligent eyes, Michael instinctively knew he was looking into a soul and an intelligence far above that of any ape. The eyes were human and clearly understood what was happening. Michael just knew, and a feeling of serenity descended on him as he lowered his gun. "Hello, Sasquatch," he said softly. "And thank you."
The giant seemed to fully understand the gesture of the lowering of the gun and it relaxed visibly. It uttered a soft guttural grunt and stared into Michael's eyes for another minute. Then Sasquatch turned his back on Michael and walked away into the riverine thickets. He looked over his shoulder once and lifted a hand as if in greeting before disappearing.
Michael sat down in the dust, shocked out of his faculties. Nothing could be further from his mind than the bleeding wounds all over his body. Compared to what had just transpired, the leopard attack was of no consequence. He sat staring at the dead leopard for a full minute, absently stroking his hand through Houdi's fur. "Fuck," he whispered to himself over and over.
Eventually he dug the walkie-talkie out of his pocket. "Anton, do you read?"
"Yeah, buddy loud and clear. Are they biting?"
"Something has happened. No need to get everyone in an uproar, but I could use some help here. I am fine, just bleeding a bit. I was attacked by a leopard and Sasquatch saved my life. Send a truck to fetch me and the dead leopard. Tell my dad not to get his knackers in a knot - I am perfectly OK."
"What the fuck are you talking about?" Anton practically screamed, jumping out of bed. "Usual spot?"
"Yeah. And calm down. It's over."

Less than a minute later not one, but three trucks were heading around the camp towards the river in a cloud of dust. Everyone was bristling with weapons as they disembarked, throwing a cordon around Michael. "Come off it everyone!" Michael shouted at the top of his voice. "Put away your guns. There's absolutely no danger. In fact, you have never been this safe in the bush in your lives!"
Sam and Dr Mocke were down on their knees trying to assess the extent of Michael's wounds while Aaron was reading the signs on the ground, muttering to himself and shaking his head in awe. A closer look at the broken leopard induced more dark mutterings.
"Doesn't look too bad, but difficult to say with this coat. Let's get him to surgery and have a proper look," Dr Mocke said.
"We'll talk later," Sam said to Michael, the treat shallow in his eyes.
"Dad, he was awesome," Michael said as they picked him up carefully. "Fucking awesome. I've been right all along." Then he passed out.
*
Meintjies was studying Bert's drawings by the light of a Coleman as the first huge drops came slamming onto the corrugated iron roof of the boathouse. The sturdy burglar bars on the windows of the house made every room a veritable prison cell.
"Mabo has about twelve soldiers left at most. With posting sentries and guarding the hostages his operation is getting a bit thin on the ground," Meintjies said. "There is simply no way he will still have men out searching for us - he simply doesn't have the manpower. On top of that, he knows an attack by Skukuza is imminent - they would obviously come to rescue the hostages. And he knows we've told Skukuza everything, so he will also know with certainty that this will be one skirmish he will lose hands-down. The only ace he's got left is the hostages. In his shoes, how would you have played it?"
Bert spent a moment in deep thought before replying. "First of all, I'd move my base. Try to disappear."
"I think even he will see the logic in that. You know the area and he doesn't - where do you think he will be headed?"
"Your guess is as good as mine. Anywhere defendable."
"What is the position on the farm as far as transportable food and water is concerned?"
"They've definitely put a dent in it, but there should still be enough to last them a while. Maybe a fortnight or so."
"When he disappears we have to know where he's going without him being aware."
"I reckon that's about it," Bert said, getting up with a sigh. "I'm going to get soaked but I'll go check it out. You mind the radio."
"I was hoping you'd say that, Bert," Meintjies said, shaking his hand. "You're a good man. But please, for God's sake, don't start sniping at the buggers again. It is essential that they don't know we have their new location."
Bert grinned. "I'll try not to let temptation lead me astray."
*
When Michael opened his eyes his bed was surrounded by a sea of people, all whispering at the same time. The moment he opened his eyes everyone fell silent.
"Welcome back, Michael," Dr Mocke said. "You snoozed just long enough to allow us to stitch you up without anaesthetic. I did give you a bit of woozy-juice, though."
Michael flexed his limbs tentatively. "How bad?" he asked.
"As long as infection doesn't set in you came off remarkably well," Dr Mocke said. "As always, a very lucky little bugger. Just about all the odds were in your favour."
"Houdi OK?" he asked. He patted the furry mound of muscle stretched out tightly along his hip on the hospital bed. This elicited a soft grunt of contentment, and he had his answer.
"Not a scratch," Sam said. "Maria is busy doing a full post mortem on the leopard. Judging by the leopard's external wounds, Houdi was well on his way to claw a hole into the leopard's flank and continue his attack from the inside. Bloody remarkable, the amount of damage he managed to do before Sasquatch took over."
The fur got another hug. "Even so, the leopard should have been able to kill me in the first second - it had me in the perfect position."
"As Dr Mocke said, you were an extremely lucky, albeit bloody impudent little bugger. The leopard's lower jaw had been broken some time ago and it also had an injury to one of the front paws. It could no longer catch its natural prey, so you were put on the menu. The fact that you were wearing that bulky rain suit saved you from one hell of a lot of more serious injuries."
"Dad, I want you to make it very clear to every single person in Skukuza that Sasquatch is one of us. He is not to be threatened or harmed in any way, no matter what."
"You're getting carried away again," Sam said. "It might have been instinct, a natural dislike for leopards, that sort of thing. You're still attributing very unlikely traits to a wild animal."
"No!" Michael sat bolt upright, ignoring the painful stretch of stitches.
Dr Mocke gently pressed him down on the bed. "Easy, Son. You've still got a lot of holes in you. We don't want to start stitching you up all over again."
Michael was highly agitated in his passion to make them understand. "Listen to me, dammit! He is not a wild animal. He is highly intelligent, and he knew exactly what he was doing - saving my life. By the time he dropped the leopard I had rolled over on my back and had my pistol pointed squarely at the centre of his chest at a distance of one metre. He had been watching us long enough to know what a gun is and what it can do. He never broke eye contact with me, and lowered his hands to his sides, palms facing forward. There was absolutely no fear in his eyes - he knew I wasn't going to shoot and he made it abundantly clear that he meant me no harm. Even Houdi seemed to realise it, as he merely snuggled up to me protectively, calm as could be. Understand me. Believe me. Sasquatch may not look it, but he is as human as we are. He is not a wild animal. I've been telling you that over and over! This is proof!"
Everyone seemed a little stunned by his vehemence.
"You were in a very precarious position and may not be seeing things in the proper perspective. Please bear in mind..."
Michael interrupted his father rudely, something he has never done in his life. "I am seeing things perfectly in perspective. I know exactly what happened - I was there. Sasquatch saved my life objectively and purposefully. I hereby wish to state unequivocally that if anyone harms or kills Sasquatch I will hunt that person down and kill him. Sasquatch saved my life. I owe him a life and I will defend him with mine."
"A rather strong statement, but we take note," Sam said. "What we need to get perfectly clear, however..."
He was interrupted by Maria entering the ward, breathless with excitement. "In all my years I have never, ever seen anything remotely like it!" she said and sat down on the bed next to Houdi, putting her hand on his fur.
"The leopard had two old injuries - a broken lower jaw and a huge abscess on the right front paw. In general it was in poor condition and hadn't eaten for days. I would not have thought it possible, but Houdi managed to inflict some very serious damage in probably very little time. He had actually managed to open the leopard's stomach cavity from the side and was in the process of clawing his way into the body. Even if Sasquatch hadn't taken over, the leopard would have had no option but to let go of Michael in an attempt to get rid of Houdi. I always knew honey badgers can be terrors, but your fierce little buddy here impressed me hugely."
Houdi stretched with a grunt and a sigh as if he knew he was the subject of the conversation, bringing a brief smile to everyone's lips and getting another hug from Michael.
"Sasquatch?" Michael asked.
"Now that's a totally different kettle of fish," Maria said with a hint of reverence in her voice. "Here's how I see it: Sasquatch took hold of the leopard's skull with his hand on top of its head. He did not hit it - there is no sign of any blunt object trauma except for sheer pressure. He simply closed his hand, crushing the leopard's cranium like a handful of breakfast cereal. I will not go into detail, but the damage he did is awesome. He then appears to have picked up the leopard, crushing and twisting the animal, killing it fifty times over in seconds. The fury with which it was done must have been terrible to behold. The head was twisted through hundred and eighty degrees, all the cervical ligaments torn off and practically all the vertebrae fractured. The spine had been broken and twisted in several places and most of the ribs crushed into the thoracic cavity. I have never seen such a mangled and broken animal in my life. No other external injuries. All I can say is that I stand in awe of Sasquatch."
"That's my boys!" Michael exalted with a satisfied grin. "See? I've been telling you all along."
*
It was fully dark by now and it was raining progressively harder as Bert made his way to the farm. His horse knew the way and plodded on relentlessly through the downpour. Bert was wearing a military rain suit similar to the one Michael had worn, and remained relatively dry. He was wearing warm clothing underneath, and both his rifle and binoculars were in waterproof bags, also compliments of the S.A. army. The horse's back was a bit slippery in the wet, but Bert was a good rider. He decided that he would sneak into the stable under cover of the downpour and get his saddle.
Bert was still some distance from the homestead when he noticed the lights and activity. He dismounted and left the horse in the middle of a thick clump of shrubs where even direct lighting would not reveal its presence. There were a lot of torches, Colemans and spotlights around, and the whole area was a beehive of frantic activity. The trucks had been parked directly in front of the veranda, and were already heaped with provisions. Mabo seemed to be attempting to load everything in the house on his trucks. There were even a couple of men with torches ripping oranges from the nearby trees, sometimes carelessly tearing down a whole branch to get to a particularly succulent-looking fruit. A fleeting flash of fury coursed through Bert, making him tentatively reach for his rifle. The sheer bloody audacity of the man - three years' worth of hard work, and he acts as if he owns the stuff. Bloody arrogant bastard! Heeding Meintjies' insistence on secrecy he made an effort to control his temper and crept closer. There was no sign of the hostages, and the soldiers were all hustling back and forth with armloads of his possessions.
Bert crept back and made his way to the stable where he collected the saddle. There was no more lightning, so he felt quite safe walking upright and openly in the pouring rain. He put the saddle on his steed and returned to his observation point. Nothing had changed, except that the trucks seemed to be even more overloaded.
After a while Mabo himself put in an appearance, directing the last of the activities and checking the tarpaulin covers on the trucks. Bert was sorely tempted to shoot him.
Then the hostages were led out in pairs and loaded into the cabs of the trucks, two per truck. They were chained together, wrist to wrist and neck to neck. They were manhandled roughly, and Jolene was crying, trying to keep her bawling baby dry and warm. None of Mabo's men displayed the slightest hint of empathy, which made Bert curse under his breath once more.
As the vehicles started roaring to life one by one he headed back to his horse. In this downpour, and with the Ratel's gearbox sounding like a banshee, Bert knew he would have no trouble keeping up.

The slow procession was heading in the direction of the boathouse, and Bert broke out in gooseflesh as they passed within two blocks of it. When Mabo then veered upstream Bert knew where he was heading. Good choice under the circumstances, he thought. Malenane's water purification plant was a short distance upstream on the riverbank. It was a fairly big complex, incorporating a pump house, the purification plant and several admin offices and storage sheds. The facility having been of strategic importance, it was enclosed by a sturdy blade-wire fence. There not being anything of value to looters, the fence was still in pristine condition.
Mabo's men had procured a new length of thick chain and a padlock, and once all the vehicles were inside the gates were closed and locked.
"Gotcha, buddy," Bert mumbled as he slunk away in the rain.

By the time Bert got back to the boathouse the rain had eased down somewhat, but it was still coming down hard enough on the corrugated iron roof to make conversation difficult. He found Meintjies hunched over with his ear glued to the speaker of the radio, in case Skukuza called them. He filled Meintjies in on the latest developments, and Meintjies grinned. "Bloody excellent work, Bert. How well do you know the purification works?"
"Never been inside, but it seems pretty straight-forward. However, it being right on the bank of the big pool I know the area like the back of my hand. Good fishing spot."
"Ever done anything else but fishing in your young days?"
"It sure as hell beat school," Bert said with a smile.
"OK, I suppose its back to the drawing board again - a detailed map, if you please," Meintjies said. "In the meantime I'll see if I can raise Skukuza."

Even though it was still early evening Lance was fast asleep in front of his console when the alarm beeped. He hardly ever left his post, and when he did so it was only for short lengths of time. Even before attending to the computer he summoned Sam on the walkie-talkie.
"Radio, incoming."
"Skukuza reading you five by five, but you'll have to speak closer to the mike - the rain is drowning you out."
"Is this better?" Meintjies asked. His words were now more clearly discernible, but the rain in the background required Lance to listen carefully. Earphones did not help either.
"Yeah, if you speak slowly and carefully. Give us a minute, Sam is on his way."
Sam came rushing in, dripping water over everything. The storm had not reached the same intensity here, but it was nevertheless coming down in buckets.
"Captain Meintjies? Sam Jenkins."
Others were now also coming into the radio room, keen to hear the latest.
It took Meintjies a while to describe the situation in Malelane in as much detail as possible. "Mabo is no real threat anymore - his teeth had been pulled." With this unintended pun he burst out laughing, bringing a frown to Sam's face and eliciting a peal of laughter from Bert. "Sorry about that - remind me to tell you the story once this is over. As I was saying, he is down to a few pretty useless men, and his Ratel is packing up. All he's got is the hostages and provisions for a week or two. The hostages are going to present a problem. The man has no scruples and won't hesitate to execute them one by one if he doesn't get what he wants."
"And what is it he wants?"
"Skukuza, I'm afraid."
"That sniper of yours, Bert, sounds like an elegant solution."
"That's probably our only way out of this one, but I'm afraid Mabo is shrewd enough to realise that too. He is unlikely to present himself as a target - he knows we're out here, but doesn't know we are aware of his present location. I'll ask Bert to stake out the place while I man the radio. Have you worked out an alternative in the mean time?"
"Yeah. We've had a pretty hectic day with other things happening, but we are in the process of packing and preparing. We hope to be heading your way first thing in the morning. Keep an eye on Mabo's new HQ and let me know the moment anyone sets foot outside. We don't want to give him any warning. And tell Bert not to take the shot unless he is a hundred percent certain of a kill. If he does score, also notify me immediately so I can talk sense into his people before they do something stupid."
"Sounds good. Bert is already assembling his kit. We'll keep you posted."
*****

Chapter Nineteen
Sam was leading the convoy in his truck with Michael and Houdi in the passenger seat. Anton was straddling the gear lever, having made a miraculous recovery from his bout of flu. It had been a titanic battle of wills, but there were just some of Sam's genes that had filtered directly into Michael's make-up that would break rather than bend. Eventually Sam had relented, ascribing it to getting soft with age. Michael had some bandages and sticking plaster all over his person and his right arm was in a sling simply to ease the weight off his heavily stitched shoulder. Dr Mocke had taken a dim view of this, and had given Michael a large container of antibiotics, painkillers and anti-inflammatories, mumbling darkly about today's undisciplined youth and fathers unable to control their kids. In the process he had conveniently chosen to overlook the fact that his own son also happened to be part of the operation. Dr Mocke was indeed not a happy camper.
Using the helicopter would be downright foolish and dangerous in this weather, so Sam had settled for what he called an 'overkill' convoy. The idea was to try and intimidate Mabo into submission. Starting a firefight would only end in tragedy. The convoy consisted of three Ratels, two big covered trucks full of men and heavy armament and three more 4x4 bakkies. Fix being an expert marksman with the Cactus missiles, Sam had brought them along in order to take out Mabo's Ratel before he started negotiating. Even if the thing was no longer mobile, its heavy machine gun and armour would still be advantageous to Mabo. If he could take out the Ratel, it sounds as if Mabo's only other effective armament would be his two Taliwagons.
The rain had started coming down in earnest once more, and the road was in a terrible state, slowing them down to hardly more than a crawl.
He triggered the mike. "Meintjies."
"Here."
"We were hoping to reach you by early afternoon, but the road is a lot worse than it looked from the air. Haven't driven it in two years. Probably early evening."
"I haven't heard from Bert, so Mabo's camp is still in lockdown. Heard your chopper the other morning."
"Did Mabo hear it?"
"No and I didn't tell him about it either."
"Pity. It would have given us a considerable psychological advantage. Anyhow, let me try to stay on the road. We'll talk later."
*
Bert was lying in a thicket practically next to the fence. Two sentries were sitting on top of the roof of the pump house which was the highest point in the area. It was doubtful if they could see as far as the fence in the rain. Sods, Bert thought. Pity it was a steady downpour without lightning.
Even though it was still broad daylight, there were lights showing in some of the windows. He could detect the occasional movement but it was impossible to distinguish anybody. Try as he might, he couldn't make out where the hostages were being kept. As long as the status quo remained unchanged he didn't have a snowball's hope of getting a shot at Mabo. Pity. He would have loved to nail the bastard.
The Ratel and one of the Taliwagons were parked in such a way that their machine guns were pointing at the main gate. An earlier recce had revealed the other Taliwagon to be parked on the opposite side of the buildings.
Bert settled down with the patience of a bowhunter.

Meintjies, in the big Dodge truck, met the convoy on the bridge just before dusk. The Dodge also had a ship-to-shore radio, so communications had been uninterrupted.
After introductions Sam and Fix inspected the brown mass of water roaring under the bridge, speculating about it. Although the river had already risen by about five metres, there was still more than two metres of room under the bridge. With the size of the catchment area they knew there was probably still a lot of water on the way.
"Not looking good," Sam said. "Hitting Mabo in darkness will amplify the confusion and get a lot of people killed. We'll have to strike at the crack of dawn and get back over the bridge as fast as possible."
"Shit," Fix said, eyeing the flood. "We can't afford to be stuck here for a week with the hostages and probably some wounded. We'll just have to make it."
Meintjies escorted them to the boathouse, where Michael and Anton immediately started drooling over the wealth of top-quality rods, reels and lures. It was mostly deep-sea kit, but there was some equipment that would be perfect for big barbell and tiger fish. "We'll ask this Bert guy, but I'm damn sure he will never have any use for this again," Michael said as he stowed some of the equipment on their truck.
"That's not the way to do it, Michael," Sam admonished. "Bad form."
"I will not take a single item out of here without his permission, Dad. You know it. But none of us has any idea how hectic things might become, and with the river rising there'll be no time for niceties. This is just to make sure we don't miss the opportunity."

After careful planning and preparation everybody tried to get a few hours of sleep before they had a cold meal and moved out at three AM. It was still drizzling, but the heavy rain had let up for now.
They took all the vehicles, including the Dodge. When the time came Sam wanted as many lights and roaring engines as possible for the intimidation value. Mabo must be made aware in no uncertain terms that he was up against an overwhelming force.
Everything had been loaded, with the intent of heading straight for the bridge after the event as fast as possible.
They proceeded as quietly and with as little light as possible to just out of earshot of the facility. From here Sam, Aaron and Fix proceeded with radio, rockets, wire cutters and a megaphone. Radio silence was maintained, as all radios had now been tuned to the wavelength where everyone, including Mabo, would receive the signal.
They met Bert at the wire and he gave them some last minute intelligence while Fix and Aaron were cutting down a wide swath of wire.
Once everyone was ready Sam squinted towards the East where the sun was on the verge of rising through the scattered clouds and picked up the mike.
"Mabo, wake up!"
Mabo reacted as if he had been sleeping with the radio in his hand. "What do you want Jenkins?"
"I am only going to say this once so listen carefully. You are surrounded by a full army with heavy armament. If your men fire as much as one single shot you will all be dead in less than a minute."
The moment Sam had started talking, his vehicles proceeded to move in a top speed, engines roaring and lights blazing. It had also been Fix's signal, who blew Mabo's Ratel to pieces, followed a few second later by the Taliwagon.
"We've just neutralised your armour and heavy weapons. Come out with your hands up and stay alive."
A single shot reverberated from inside the building, and Mabo was back on the radio, sounding hysterical. "I have just executed the first hostage. If you do not withdraw for negotiations within ten seconds I will shoot the next one! I will kill the lot!"
Sam nodded at Aron, who switched on the megaphone. "Mabo's men, listen to me!" he thundered in their native Shangaan language. "Stop the madman immediately. Kill him if you have to, otherwise you will all die here!"
Inside the building Mabo was raising his pistol to the head of the second hostage. It was knocked out of his hand by one of his bodyguards, who pressed his own pistol against Mabo's head. "Enough! You will kill us all!" He motioned the other bodyguard to get outside and surrender. "And make sure all the men know we have surrendered before they open fire! Now! Go!"
By now the building was flooded with light and surrounded with roaring vehicles. Men were pouring through the gap in the wire, but not a single shot was fired.
Sam found the bodyguard sitting on the ranting Mabo's back, pistol still pressed to his skull. "Tie him up, then tie him up once more" he said to Fix. "Where are the other hostages?" he asked the bodyguard, looking at the corpse and two more shivering hostages in the room.
"I'll show you, Sir," the bodyguard said, getting up and holstering his pistol.
"I'll have that, thank you," Sam said, holding out his hand for the man's weapon.

The six remaining hostages were in terrible shape. They had obviously not been fed for quite some time, and the wailing baby was desperately trying to get some sustenance from Jolene's dehydrated breast. The sight made Sam grateful for the decision to refrain from telling Small about his parenthood and not bringing him along either.
"Michael, you and Anton get these people into the trucks and feed them. Make sure they are warm and dry. Get as much protein and liquids into this lady as fast as possible - we don't have baby food.
Come on, people, come on! The river is rising - we've got to go!"
The bound Mabo was still cursing and ranting like someone possessed. "Shut up!" Sam shouted. "Keep your trap shut or we'll gag you."
"Fuck you! You cannot treat me like this!"
Bert snicked off his rifle's safety. "Why don't we just shoot the bastard and get it over and done with?"
"We can't do that," Sam said.
"I can. Easy," Bert said, stepping closer.
Sam pushed down the barrel. "That is not the way we do things. Gag him and load him."

The convoy headed for the bridge at top speed. All Mabo's men had been disarmed and tied up. They were sitting in the truck in relative comfort while Mabo was lying on the floor, trussed up and gagged like the cocoon of some giant insect.
When they reached the bridge it was with immense relief that they noticed there was only about ten centimetres of water flowing over it. Huge uprooted trees and other flotsam was building up against the sturdy railings.
Sam urged them to make haste, and as the last Ratel cleared the bridge the water was already up to its axles. Everyone cheered as they headed home in bright sunshine, all the washed foliage around them glittering in the rising sun. Sam had radioed ahead, and the whole of Skukuza sighed with relief.
Having lost a hostage was not good, but the mood in general was one of optimistic cheer. This dissipated like the morning mist when they reached the De Laporte Spruit a few kilometres from Skukuza. The De Laporte was a dry riverbed, seldom holding any water. It was, however, prone to occasional flash floods. These usually didn't last more than a day or two, the catchment area being rather small. But when it did happen, it could happen very suddenly and with unexpected intensity. The bridge spanning the spruit was nothing more than a narrow concrete slab without railings.
This was now under at least a metre of brown water rushing over it at speed, carrying all sorts of flotsam downstream.
"Damn!" Sam said as he hit the brakes. Few things in life scared Sam. One of them was a new-born infant. He had a phobic fear of small babies breaking or dying for no reason whenever he was in the vicinity. He was fine with kids, but babies... And the one he was presently responsible for did not seem to be doing well.
He got on the radio to Skukuza without further ado. "Skukuza, the bridge over the De Laporte is flooded. We have a new-born baby that needs to get to Dr Mocke immediately. Send vehicles with winches and lots of rope. Getting the chopper airborne will take too long. Please hurry."
In under fifteen minutes there were four vehicles on the opposite bank and everyone was trying to figure out how to get a winch cable over. The distance was too great for throwing even a light rope.
Michael ran up to Bert, who was conversing with Sam. "Uh, Bert," he interrupted them, looking sheepish and rather embarrassed. "I've been meaning to ask you, but things just happened rather fast back there," he said indicating the direction from which they had come. "It's about, well, the uh, the fishing gear you had in your boathouse..."
Sam immediately twigged. "Get going Michael, you can explain and ask forgiveness later. Great plan - get to it!"
Michael, shrugging off his sling, fetched one of the long surf rods with 30 kg line on the reel. He tied on a heavy sinker and cast the line across with ease. A nylon rope was tied to his line, which he reeled back in. The moment they had the nylon rope in their hands, a winch cable was tied to it on the opposite bank, which they also pulled across. This was securely fastened to a Ratel and it was reeled back in from the opposite bank till it spanned the river half a metre above the torrent, right over the middle of the bridge, as taut as a guitar string.
"You first," Sam said putting his arm around Jolene's waist. Fix tied the two of them together as Michael took the baby from her. She was gibbering with fear as Sam entered the waist-deep torrent, clinging to the winch cable with one hand.
During the hasty departure from Skukuza Small had managed to sneak on to one of the vehicles. He was now making a nuisance of himself as Sam was struggling across with his woman. "Jolene!" he screamed, trying to walk into the flood to help.
His physical make-up made him more of a hindrance, and Domingo admonished him severely and pushed him back forcefully. He stood there whimpering and wringing his hands, watching Sam's slow progress. Sam's feet were swept from under him several times, but he clung to the cable till his hand bled. Two of the younger men waded in the last yard and helped him to the bank.
Dr Mocke was in attendance the moment Jolene was untied from Sam. They were both totally exhausted, and sagged to the ground. Small was trying to push Dr Mocke aside, touching his woman who was obviously no longer carrying a baby, and whimpering. "The baby? What happened to the baby?"
"On his way over," someone said, making everyone look up.
Michael was halfway across, making good headway with both his hands on the cable. Someone had strapped the baby firmly to his chest with a blanket, allowing him a two-handed grip on the cable. The young man managed to make the operation look like a walk in the park.
Dr Mocke was furious. "Sam," he shouted, "you must get your boy under control. He has been seriously injured, and now he is risking the baby's life! And he's tearing out all his stitches."
Sam had difficulty not showing his pride at Michael's guts. He knew Michael wouldn't have tried it if he had the slightest doubt in his ability to pull it off.
The same two young men, clinging to the cable, waded in to help Michael over the last few steps to the bank.
Everyone's attention was so focused on the operation that they failed to notice the overwrought Small stepping into the current to try and help. His feet were immediately swept from under him, and he was washed downstream, screaming. Michael was out of the water and struggling to get out of the blanket, while others were already crashing through the bush, running downstream with the bobbing Small heading for the first curve.
Time stood still as Sasquatch exploded from the bush and with an impossibly long leap landed next to Small. He grabbed small in one gigantic hand and dragged him ashore without any apparent effort. It was over so quickly that everyone was still frozen in awe as Sasquatch laid Small down on the bank gently and disappeared into the bush as if he had never been there.
By the time they reached Small he was on his knees, vomiting water.

All of Michael's wounds had opened again, and he was bleeding profusely as he was herded to the nearest vehicle. He was on the point of fainting with exhaustion as he pulled Sam closer and whispered to him with strident urgency. "Dad, that wasn't Sasquatch."
*****

Chapter Twenty.
It was late by the time Skukuza finally started winding down. Dr Mocke was quite happy with the prognosis of both Jolene and the baby. He had made up a concoction of powdered milk and a variety of other ingredients which seemed to agree with the baby and should keep it happy till such time its own factory came into production again. Small was crooning next their bed, the epitome of proud happiness.
Michael was in a deep drug-induced sleep, all his wounds having been cleaned and stitched all over again. Sam had gotten a severe reprimand from a highly upset Dr Mocke. "Life is not just some sort of macho game to be played out! You must hammer some sense of responsibility into your son's thick skull!"
"Definitely, Dr Mocke. As soon as he's out of that bed we will have a long talk." Deep in his chest, however, his heart was swollen with pride. Michael's last words were still niggling at the back of his mind. Then he shrugged it off, ascribing it to the severe stress of the last two days.

Interviews with the hostages and Mabo's soldiers had brought everyone to the unanimous decision that Mabo and one of his men, Jackson, would be expelled from Skukuza the next morning.
They were all locked up in the cramped confines of the old police cells, and more extensive interviews would be conducted in the next couple of days in order to determine their fitness to join the community. Mabo's cold-blooded execution of a hostage, and Jackson's repeated rape of one of the hostages had sealed their fate without further discussion. Not a single door had been locked in Skukuza over the past two years, and they had no intention of starting to do so now. Either you were an integral part of the happily thriving community or you were out. There were no grey areas.
*
Everyone in the community was assembled at the main gate just after sunrise. When the last person except Jolene and her baby left the hospital, Michael and Houdi had also slunk out to hover at the back of the crowd.
Mabo and Jackson were standing in the open gate, still cuffed with cable ties. Next to each of them was a backpack.
"The two of you know why you are being expelled. The Skukuza community simply does not have room for the likes of you," Sam said. "The whole of our existence here is based on respect, dignity and co-operation - none of which you have the faintest comprehension of. So you are out. This is how it works: Each of you has a backpack with food and water for at least two days. In your backpacks you will also find a variety of survival tools like knives, fishing line, lighters and such. You will be released thirty yards up the road. Take your kit and go. Less than a kilometre from here, there is a road to your right leading to Kruger gate. The bridge there was destroyed two years ago, but we have built a suspension bridge which will get you out of the Park. Once out of the Park, the danger from man-eating carnivores will be considerably less. If you move your asses and you are lucky, you can be out of the Park before noon. Make good use of the time - you will be well advised to be as far away from the Park by sunset as you possibly can. If either of you is ever spotted inside the Park again you will be shot without warning. You can take that to the bank - we've done it before. Instead of simply executing you we've given you a chance - make use of it. If you're smart and lucky you may make it. Good luck and good-bye."
Fix and three other men escorted them a short distance up the road, cut the cable ties and handed them their backpacks.
"And another thing," Sam shouted, "if you take as much as one step back toward this gate you will immediately be shot. There are a lot of eager rifles pointed at you!"
The term 'eager rifles' was definitely not an exaggeration. Bert was lying prone in the middle of the gate, the crosshairs of his scope glued to Mabo's head. He was hoping Mabo would come rushing back.
As Mabo started wriggling into his large backpack he started screaming abuse at the top of his voice.
Sam calmly reached for the megaphone. "You can stand there cursing for the rest of the day if you like. I would advise you to get going instead of wasting daylight. You may be sorry later."
Still cursing, Mabo turned around and the two of them started up the road. They had barely commenced walking when Sasquatch silently stepped into the road ahead of them.
Mabo screamed and whipped around to flee, only to look straight down the barrel of Bert's rifle. He had the sense to know with certainty that his head would be blown off if he as much as took one step, so he turned aside and thundered headlong into the bush, still screaming his primal fear at the top of his voice. As he crashed into the foliage with Jackson hard on his heels, Sasquatch did something unexpected. He calmly sat down on his haunches in the middle of the road, his forearms relaxed on his knees as if waiting for something.
It happened a moment later. The earth shook at the sound of the familiar Sasquatch roar of utter fury, bringing time to a stand-still and freezing nature in its tracks. Sasquatch, who had been sitting serenely in the middle of the road, got up slowly. Some distance behind him Jackson burst back onto the road, running for his life. Sasquatch did not even bother to look over his shoulder, but just stood waiting, hands at his side. Mabo's voice was silent. In fact, one could hear a pin drop as another Sasquatch silently stepped onto the road in the exact spot where Mabo had disappeared. This one was slightly lighter in colour and maybe a few centimetres shorter.
Sasquatch lifted his hand in greeting as the two of them turned away, heading into the bush.
"Amor!!" Small's scream reverberated through the silence. He was staggering forward, his face streaked with tears of joy. The second sasquatch stopped for a moment to lift its hand in greeting before disappearing into the bush.
Small was weeping as Maria stepped up to him. "Congratulations, Professor Small. I don't know if you noticed, but Amor seemed to be... uh... just a little bit pregnant."
The End.



Other books by Leon Mare  -  Available as e-Books from Amazon Kindle, Apple, Sony, Smashwords, Diesel, Kobo, Barnes & Noble and others.
Poacher - The Sam Jenkins Trilogy Part One.
Cheetah in the Rain - The Sam Jenkins Trilogy Part Two.
Fighting AIDS - The Sam Jenkins Trilogy Part Three.
Sasquatch – The Sam Jenkins trilogy Part Four – first sequel
Devolved – The Sam Jenkins trilogy Part Five – second sequel, to be released mid-2015 

Stand-alone books:
The Lion at the Sperm Bank – A collection of illustrated true stories on the wilder side of Africa (only available from Amazon Kindle).

Show me a Reason – Psychological thriller about a unique young woman’s quest for love and recognition.


Thank you for reading my books. I sincerely hope you enjoy them.
Please sacrifice a few moments to rate and review them.

You are welcome to contact me directly at Oomleeu1@gmail.com

Dr Leon Mare 
BChD (Cum laude)
