
God
Magic


























Acknowledgements
There are many people that without their influence my imagination may never have been given the chance to flourish onto the page. The confidence of my parents Duane and Penny, my clone brother Drew, my cousin Amy, my English instructor Kenny, and last of all that person I would turn back time for W.Z.





God Magic
A
S.A. Sedam 
Novel
















 Sedam Publications, 2013 © 



-Contents-


Prologue: towers of fate 


I: The only thing certain 


II: Bad traffic 


III: fighting reality 


IV: God Magic 


V: vengeance ablaze 


VI: lost in translation 


VII: the fearless fight for freedom 


VIII: two sides to every coin 


IX: exodus 


X: Fire and water 


XI: the price of vengeance 


XII: Mein Kampf 

XIII: I Have Become Death, Destroyer of Worlds


XIV: centurion 


XV: the center of all time 


XVI: Highlander rules apply 


Epilogue: on the seashores of the universe 








 Copyright © 2013 by S. A. Sedam and Sedam publications 
Smashwords edition

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the byproduct of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. 

 www.godmagicbook.com




















“And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I perceived that this also is vexation of spirit. 
For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.”
Ecclesiastes 1:17-18



















Prologue: Towers of Fate

It was a breezy, clear September day. The sun had just risen over the skyline of the city, and was shining into the hotel room where the Shepard family was staying. Paul was sitting back in one of the chairs, reading an article in the New York paper about the recently elected President George W. Bush. His eight year old son, Charles, was on the floor playing with a Rubik’s cube, attempting to beat his record speed at solving it. Charles’ mother, Laura, was in the bathroom fixing her hair, getting ready for the family to leave, “Get your shoes on Charles! We’re going to be late! Paul what are you doing?! We need to get going,” she shouted.
“I’m pretty sure that it’s you were waiting on dear!” Paul said with a tinge of sarcasm. “Both Charles and myself have been ready.” Turning to his boy, he slyly said, “You see that Charles? Your entire life will be spent waiting on a woman and then getting blamed like it’s your fault for waiting.”
Paul stood up and threw the paper on the coffee table. He was reasonably tall at six foot two inches. His short black hair and fine cut suit went along with his swagger, rivaling that of any business man. Today was going to be a great day for him and his family. He had the hit a great business opportunity for him and his wife’s small town company. They really weren’t Wall Street types at all, but some of their patents and other aspects of their business had drawn some major attention to professional businessmen. “Come on I thought you were waiting on us,” Paul said shaking his head out of frustration.
“Dad,” Charles jumped up, “I beat my old record! I solved it in thirty one seconds!”
“Good job son! I have no clue how you even do that thing. I swear you’re going to be the next Stephen Hawking one of these days.”  Paul said looking down proudly and puzzled at the solved cube he was now holding.
Laura came rushing out of the bathroom and ran over to the table to grab her purse, “Okay I’m ready! Do you have your things Charles?” He nodded his head in response. He had a little pack with his Rubik’s cube and a Gameboy Advance in it slung over his shoulder.
The family went out the hotel and hailed a cab. The big city was a new sight for the whole family. They were more accustomed to a simple town of a few thousand people. This was like another planet in their eyes, from its towering sky scrapers to its nonstop traffic.
Charles gazed out the windows of the cab, entranced by the many amazing structures all while wondering what it took to build them. His mother and father were going through a folder of their business affairs, reaffirming for the millionth time what their final game plan was for that day’s business meeting. “Now Charles we are going to be leaving you with your Aunt Scarlet while we deal with our work. I expect you to be on your best behavior with her.” His mother said sure of her son’s behavior.
After a short period in the taxi, they pulled up outside an apartment building. They all hurried out of the cab and walked up to the door of the building. Paul hit one of the buttons. Laura leaned down and pulled a tourist pamphlet out of her purse. She pointed at some buildings on the pamphlet. “You see these big buildings that is where we’re going to Charles? Maybe we can bring you to them later on and you can stand on the top of one of them.” She handed the pamphlet to Charles. He took the pamphlet and nodded. He was almost always quiet and kept to himself; not ever really saying much back to anyone.
After a moment, a woman in her mid-twenties opened the door. “Laura! It’s so good to see you!” She jumped out and gave her sister hug, “and you, Charles! Look how big you have gotten!”
“I’m sorry to run off on you so quickly but we really need to get going Scarlet. We appreciate you looking after Charles for us.” Laura turned to her son “Charles, I love you and behave.” Laura said to Charles very hurriedly as she kissed him on the head.
 “Behave now son. We’ll be back to get you soon enough. You can tell me if you beat that record again,” His father told him with a pat on the head and wink.
 Paul and Laura jumped back into their cab. Charles and Scarlet watched it as it drove away. Charles pulled out his Rubik’s cube and stared solving it again, as if it was a nervous habit.
“You’re really smart aren’t you? Shy to huh? Well guess what? Since you got stuck here with me, we will go do something really fun! How about we start off by going and getting some ice cream, I know a really cool place?” Scarlet asked without it really being a question at all.
 “Ice cream? For breakfast?” Charles asked puzzled,
“Yeah why not, they have pancakes and stuff too.” She replied.
“Oh…well maybe I will have some pancakes. It doesn’t make any sense to eat ice cream for breakfast.” He said candidly,
“My, you’re quite the grown up aren’t you?” She said, somewhat sarcastically.
“I’m sorry; I’m not like most kids. All of my teachers say that I’m the most logical person they have ever met at my age,” Proclaimed Charles proudly.
“That’s okay, let’s just get some breakfast” Scarlet said smiling. “Hey taxi!” Scarlet ran out waving her arm in the air. A cab pulled over and they both jumped in. It took them several blocks away, until finally arriving at a 50’s style diner.
As they walked through the doors, they were greeted by the hostess, “Hello. Just the two of you today?” Charles had his face in his Game Boy already not paying attention to the hostess.
 “Yeah, it’s just the two us.” Scarlet answered. The hostess took them to their seats in the crowded diner. The place was bustling, as everything in New York seemed to be. After settling in, Scarlet and Charles sat there for a moment staring at each other, puzzled by one another perhaps.
In a short time, the waitress brought out a stack of pancakes. Charles had not realized that there was even an order placed. It must have been done while he was playing his game, but now his attention fell on the TV across the diner. It had the morning news playing, which always caught his attention. He picked up the fork, and poured the syrup on his pancakes. He awkwardly tried to hold his Gameboy in one hand and his fork in the other. He was very hungry, or at least he thought he felt his stomach rumble in hunger.  Suddenly, he heard a loud noise outside.
He looked out the diner’s big glass window to see people outside staring at something. The looks on their faces were of shock and horror. The morning news broke its routine, “Ladies and gentlemen, it seems we have some breaking news. Please try to remain calm as it seems an airplane has just crashed into one of the World Trade Towers…”
Charles hands had begun to shake, Scarlet gasped in horror. Everyone in the diner was now watching the TV, or running outside to see if they could get a view of what was happening. The employees stopped working, everyone was just watching. That’s it, just watching. It was as if the world began to move in slow motion, and out of nowhere, another airplane smashed into the side other tower. Everything became a mad panic as the world went from slow motion to fast forward. People were screaming. Others were trying to calm those around them. Many were running down the streets in an attempt to escape the panic. Tears were pouring down Scarlet’s face as she turned to hold Charles. His Gameboy slipped out of his hands and went smashing into the floor. “Was this really happening?” Is this real? Charles thought. Flames powered out of the buildings. “Perhaps his mom and dad had not made it to their meeting yet, or they were already out,” Except Charles had heard their appointment time, and it was impossible for them to have not been there. The young boy had never felt so helpless in his whole life. At that moment where his life seemed to be crumbling all around him, one of the towers collapsed to the ground.
Scarlet yelled out screaming, others had started crying. Charles began to breath heavy as his bodies shaking seemed to intensify.  Then, what only seemed like moments later the other tower gave way, and tears poured down his face, “NOOOOO!!!!” Charles began to scream as he fell to the floor.
 A man in the dinner lifted Charles off the floor. Charles looked up into his eyes, and noticed his tender look. The man leaned in close and gently said to Charles, “It may not seem like it now, but some things happen for a reason….”
Sixteen years later…..


Chapter I: The Only Thing Certain

	It was a chilly morning in Chicago. The words of the brilliant Charles Shepard were resonating throughout the room as he gave his lecture; the classroom around him was an old fashioned style University, some elegant woodwork, and  filled with some rather uncomfortable desks. The smell of coffee filled the air for it was barely half past eight o’clock with the early sun starting to peer through the windows. Most of the students were rubbing their eyes.
“If they can’t manage to handle it now, how would they get through the rest of the school year?” Charles pondered. “
Probably by missing half their classes and cramming it all in at the end. Perhaps all the overachievers wouldn’t have any problems, but all the partyers will have failed by the end of the semester.”
	But even though Charles mind swam with thoughts about whether his students would survive the school year, he stayed concentrated on his lecture. Charles was no ordinary man. Finishing with his doctorate at the age of twenty three and going on to teaching at the university at twenty four, he was a great mathematician, looking to test the waters, discover new ideas, and present new theses. He was one of those minds that seen all the solutions even before the problems had fully presented themselves.
 He was a rather confident but inward individual. He like to be fashionable and dress well, for instance, today he had on a dark purple tie, gray dress pants, gray pea coat, black dress shirt, and a  silver chain hung from his jacket pocket to his pocket watch. This was rather unusual, even for professors. These days most had little care for appearing highly professional. The best you would see out of most school teachers, even for colleges, was the business casual appearance of a dress shirt.  His youth made him stand out even more in the classroom, most people  saw a handsome man with hair mildly long , nearly jet black but with a hint of brown in it. Combed back but somewhat curly, his eyes were a crisp blue that resonated like a dark ocean sea. This presented a problem for Charles while teaching, as most of the young female students would flirt in hopes for an easy A. Sadly for them Charles was not so wooed by the batting eyes and half unbuttoned blouse routine.  
	As his lecture carried on, some of the students seemed more interested on what they were doing on their computers and phones, social networking, humor blogs, chat rooms, text messages. With modern technology being entertained could start when you woke up and last until you fell asleep. This problem had poured into the classrooms of campuses everywhere. Charles had felt frustrated at how out of control it had gotten. He wondered why parents would waste their retirement funds on kids who would rather read about memes instead of learn how to make a living. Charles thought the fun and usually most effective way to work on the problem, was to poke a little fun at the students,
“You know one math problem that just doesn’t add up? When young worthy students waste their parent’s hard earned money just to come to a prestigious college and party, socialize, and not learn anything by pissing away all their time and potential. Seriously, please don’t insult me by coming to my class and ignoring my lectures. Pay attention, sleep in, or go home plain and simple.”
Charles didn’t want to come off like a dick but if he was to get his students to learn he had to tell it how it was to them. Charles was teaching about math and physics, a rough subject for the majority of students in his class. Charles felt that if you kept a more open mind on the subject, it would become increasingly interesting. He tried to talk a lot about theories and make funny stories at times to let students feel like they weren’t just drones downloading the latest textbook that the publishing company decided could be revised for the twelfth time in a row for twelve years straight.
	Now a bit further into his lecture Charles had decided to approach a heavy theory. He had many ideas of his own that rattled around in his head, though regarded as unscientific and as far as academics were concerned, just plain ridiculous. But Charles hated keeping his theories bottled up and who better to vent to than a bunch of unambitious rich college students.
“I have a theory I would like to throw at you guys here today.” Charles grew silent for a moment; his eyes softly scanned the classroom.
“People say there are only two things certain in life death and taxes. This is a rather amusing statement; for one: there are people who evade taxes, and two: Christianity, the religion that one third of the world believes in, says that Enoch and Elijah never died. So apparently those ideas are worthless for the majority of the world. You see I hold to a different set of religious beliefs, I think there is only one thing certain in life, only one absolute, one thing that holds all the answers and the keys to every riddle. To each thing said to be magic, or witchcraft, to be ghost, goblins or ghouls, even what is said to be the God that created the earth itself, the only thing is mathematics.”
Charles was catching stray looks and a sigh or two, the students were probably thinking “oh great here we go another college professor with a God complex.” But Charles didn’t think that he was some sort of God or that his intelligence had made him far superior.
“Math is like a key, but not just any key. It’s a master key, a key that won’t just get you through the front door but will unlock every room in the entire house. It will solve every riddle, because life is no more than an equation, a Rubik’s cube that merely requires the right algorithms to make it all come together. If man only could realize that even the supernatural is really just a super equation then we could break past physics, beyond death, we could explain what God really is, if there be one.”
Charles gazed out at his students around the classroom for a moment, it was surprisingly quiet, most of the students had now given him his full attention.  Charles had spoken sternly, this must have shocked the students, the serious look on his face slowly grew into a smirk then he chuckled a bit. He knew he had kicked their feet  out from under them; that math wasn’t in most circles to be affiliated with the so called supernatural  events in the world such as God and magic, and to dare to say it by academics standards was some sort of blasphemy against the universities.
“I’m merely making a hypothesis, a theory, but math is indeed one of the most important subjects, don’t let anyone tell you different. A lot of subjects rely on mathematics to drive them forward, and mathematics still governs our everyday lives whether we are aware of it or not.” Charles walked over to the chalk board and picked up a piece of chalk he then drew an algebraic equation on the board.
“The first student who can solve this equation before next class period meets gets a free absence. Class is dismissed.”  Students were grabbing their book bags putting away their laptops and notepads as the class ended. Many were on their way to other classes or study groups, expressions of dread were hanging on the faces of many of the students leaving, mostly in fear of failing this class. Others seemed more interested by the lecture; some of them were trying strike up conversation Charles. Though he did show interest in his students progression he didn’t want to deal with social interaction more than he had to. He thought small talk to be an exercise of wasted oxygen. He answered their questions as quickly as possible before blowing them off with the excuse that he had some work he had to get to in his office.
 He was going to his office, but the only work he was going to be doing was drinking a hot cup of coffee, relaxing and maybe doing some casual reading before teaching his next class. He grabbed his briefcase with his lecture notes and study materials in it and headed on back to his office. While walking down the hall Charles saw a world of math, He noticed almost everything, math vibrated in everything he saw. Equations that flowed from the body language of the students talking, that could be calculated with an algorithm and tide back in to the social sciences or the trophies mounted in their cases and the laws of physics that bound them there. Math was like a breathing organism to him, if it couldn’t be explained by math, that only meant that there was no mathematician capable of doing the math.
The walk to his office wasn’t too long after all it was not a huge university. Charles fumbled for his keys in his pocket to unlock the door. As the lock clicked he pushed the door open, his office was nice for just starting, he had plenty of room in it. There were many bookshelves with his collected works on them, as well as some typical office decorations. His Ph.D. hung on the wall, his summa cum laude award on his desk, it was a bronze piece of art work with an algebraic equation oddly welded together, as well as the stereotypical globe in the corner of the room. Charles set back in his black leather chair he thought to be rather comfortable, setting his cup of coffee down then taking a moment to look at his picture of his stunning fiancé sitting on his desk. Her name was Alice Hazel, a beautiful, brunette-haired girl. At the age of twenty two, she and Charles had met at Oxford when he was doing work for his doctorate.
The story of how they met always made Charles laugh when it he thought back to it. Charles had been taking some notes with his iPad while he was walking around the school and Alice was in a hurry to get to class that day so she was running on her way to get there. As she turned a corner, she slammed right into him knocking his iPad straight into a nearby water fountain.  The sound of the water splashing as the device hit the surface rang like doom in Charles ears. His face started to change color as frustration and rage clouded his mind. Alice gasped in horror as she realized what she had done; she quickly pulled the saturated device out of the water. As she tried to apologize, tears began pouring down her face from guilt. When Charles saw her watery, vibrant green eyes he had felt weak at the knees; as much as he had wanted to yell at her suddenly, he wanted to comfort her. He proceeded to ask Alice her name and told her that if she went on a date with him that would suffice as payment.
 It didn’t take long for the two to start falling in love with each other even though they were in many aspects polar opposites. Alice was studying psychology, and was an averaging a 3.4, outgoing, unorganized, and spontaneous. A live-in-the-moment girl, the biggest plans she had made were for her schooling. Charles on the other hand was  on the verge of being obsessive compulsive to the point of freaking out if his bed was left  unmade, and who wouldn’t dare get less than a 4.0. His life was all about organization, planning, and keeping things in perspective.
Charles took another drink of his coffee before grabbing a few books off the shelf; he was doing some research on philosophy. Plato, Aristotle, Niche, pretty much whoever he could read at that moment, he spent about the next hour reading and thinking. Charles had many questions that he felt like no one had done a good job answering, the meaning to life, pain suffering. Tough questions that in the end, most philosophers often left him more confused than enlightened. One of the other reasons he loved math so much, it never confused him, it was solid, and there was always a solution.
The bell rang for the next class period Charles had found himself losing track of time, he grabbed his bag went off to his next class. He showed some slides, talked for a while and burnt up more than an hour of young student’s time. At least half of them were wishing they were partying or playing the latest video game while they suffered through the lecture. When he ended his class he headed over to sit in on another professors physics lecture; one of his good friends from his days at Oxford, who also taught at the university. His name was Edgar Price, a sophisticated and brilliant European.  
 Hailing from London, England, Edgar held to a strict Darwinian-evolution world view. Charles and Edgar often would debate different theories, mostly started by Charles because he enjoyed tormenting Edgar. Charles would often debate the Big Bang theory, to him it spat in the face of the laws of physics and needed some real evidence and, in truth, it was all just speculation. This would put Edgar in an uproar, and into fierce debating, for he was deeply attached to proving the Big Bang theory. Edgar was a nice guy, but in some ways, deep down, he was more a survival of the fittest. He needed the evidence that there was an evolutionary process to support his world view.
Edgar's lecture carried on for a while, as it did Charles began to analyze all his students and their body language. He could tell if they were not interested, tired or just didn’t care, and could probably make a guess with a good probability at being right what the grades would be of each student and whether they would fail or not. The bell rang once more. As the students were clearing out, Charles went and greeted Edgar with a friendly handshake.
“So what do you think of the students this year, think there are any ambitious ones among them?” asked Edgar.
“Well I’d say based on the body language of all of them, the one boy to the right on the front row will ace the whole class. The three students in the set of chairs about four rows back will fail or drop out around midterms, and the rest will probably struggle their way through making acceptable grades.” Edgar chuckled at Charles response.
“Charles just because you can read body language doesn’t mean you have to point it out and judge the whole world with it, I merely asked you how you thought they would do.” Charles was now looking kind of bewildered at this statement, as if his friend had just fed him something bitter.
“Why can’t I judge people with it? The entire point of reading body language is to judge the emotional or mental state of that person.”
Charles begged the question as if anyone could see the world as he did, he really didn’t care if he pointed out the obvious most times, to Charles facts were facts.
“Well you should remember people have feelings. I know that’s easy to forget but most people prefer you not emotionally throw them under a bus, even if they are stupid.” said Edgar cocking his head towards Charles,
“Well, would the world be so bad off with a few less stupid people around?” Charles and Edgar stared at each other for a moment longer, trying to keep a straight face before they burst out laughing.  They left the class room in a casual conversation, cracking jokes and laughing on their way to get some lunch in the school cafeteria. Now Edgar was a tad bit taller than Charles his hair not quite as long and bright blond he usually sported a vest, and a long white dress coat when it was cooler weather. His build was that of a person who looked like they would ask for a gym membership for a Christmas present. he sometimes didn’t look as strong as he was since often times he wore a jacket.
When they arrived at the cafeteria it was already busy with students on lunch break, with it being just past twelve. One of the many perks they got at the university was that teachers could eat the school food for free, though with that being said it certainly wasn’t anything special.
The university itself was pretty nice. It was tucked away on the outskirts of Chicago, which made getting to it a bit easier, even though being stuck in Chicago traffic in rush hour was a similar experience as to being stuck in hell or at least Charles sometimes thought so.
The lunch line offered some variety but not enough to feel like one was at a buffet, just random selections of food. For all the praise the school had gotten over the years one would think they could manage to get some better quality food. Charles had gotten some noodles and Edgar got a salad and a banana. While they had been waiting in line a student inquired about the lectures Charles had given earlier that day.
“So, Dr. Shepard, in what aspects do you think math could explain the supernatural? I mean can you even clarify anything in the supernatural academically, isn’t that in some ways shooting your intellectual integrity, admitting you believe in the supernatural?” The student was only a few years younger than Charles, and thought he could somehow frustrate him or throw him off his game; but Charles wasn’t easily threatened by what one might refer to as second rate minds. The way this student had thought was becoming a problem in Charles view, academics was not a religion that held to specific rules; it was about learning new things.
“Not to sound too rude, but are you so naive to think that everything operates in your idea of academics, so naive to think that everything operates inside the laws we set inside our text books? We, as society, have made moral laws to govern people’s actions yet criminals seem as dead set as ever to break them. Just like that, our laws of physics and science, they are broken on a daily basis by things that are beyond our knowledge and power. So don’t think when you hear a tall tale, that it hasn’t been fed some truth by something beyond our understanding of the universe.”  
The student hesitated to refute Charles argument, but as he opened his mouth, Edgar had decided to jump in the conversation to drop the killing blow to the young lad’s ego.
“The entire concept of the scientific field is to prove that which isn’t fact yet to be a fact; so as Dr. Charles here just said, there are things beyond our knowledge. He, in fact, has kept his intellectual integrity by stating this important aspect of science. We shouldn’t be afraid of the unknown; we should embrace it.”
“I suppose you're right.” the student mumbled back, looking rather defeated from the whole experience. The kind of similar expression that you see from a child if you have taken away their happy meal toy for not eating all their meal.
“So, do you think we were too hard on the kid, Charles?” Charles stared back at Edgar with an expression that implied that he probably wasn’t hard enough. They  walked to the cafeteria table with no real reply from Charles, they both sat down to eat their lunch.
Charles ate about a third of his meal before he started just pushing it around on his plate with his fork. Charles was not easily satisfied with food; it would take a juicy steak to leave him truly satisfied. But the cruel fact was that it was a school cafeteria and not a steak house, so Charles had to make do with pushing his noodles around on his plate. He had started to push and sort them into patterns of mathematical equations like a little kid might make dinosaurs or monsters with them.
“You know, that kid reminded me of when we were at Oxford, and we would intentionally pester the professors with the most ridiculous questions to see if they would take us seriously.” Edgar said. Charles start laughing.
“You remember when we told the head of geography that we thought Vietnam was a city in Korea? He was so pissed off, he told the whole class we were rich, spoiled fools that had no business being there.” Charles said.
“Man, those were some great times. I really miss being a student sometimes; there was a lot less responsibility. Oh well, I better get going I need to do a few things before next period.”
“Alright, take it easy, Edgar.” Charles and Edgar finished up their lunch and parted ways for the day. Charles went on to teach a few more classes until it was about two thirty in the afternoon. As he was closing up his office to go home, his cell phone started vibrating, he glanced at the screen to see a picture of Alice on the screen sticking her tongue out like she was five years old. He tapped the answer button.
“Hello sweetheart,” Charles answered; “So how was your day?” Alice was always quite inquisitive, and was now asking about his day when he would get home, if he wanted to spend some time together tonight. Charles didn’t mind spending time with Alice, she was the one person he would gladly kill a few hours with, no matter the occasion, he felt comfortable with her, she brought a calm to his overactive brain that it needed.
“It been pretty good, I got to scare a few students and busted a couple of heads in, it’s been real fun.”
“Whatever, Charles no need to be a smart ass, so we're going out tonight right?”
“Yeah I’m on my way home now so I’ll see you in a little bit, depending on traffic, got to go, I love you bye.”
“Char…” Charles cut her off on purpose just because he liked to torment Alice. He slid the phone into his pocket and locked his office door. With his brief case in hand, he walked down the main school hall and out the entrance into the parking lot where the teacher’s cars were parked. Grabbing the keys from his coat pocket to his gray '67 mustang which he had bought and fixed up. It was one of the nicest things that Charles owned; in some aspects he would have considered it his “other lady,”  but he wouldn’t want Alice to hear him say that for she would become rather jealous.
As he started the engine, it roared to life. The very vibrations of the car felt like a surge of power rushing through his veins, the car brought a sense of humanity to Charles. Simply because he liked it, there was no mathematical explanation or scientific reason, couldn’t really argue from physics either, it simply was just an amazing car in every detail, and what guy doesn’t love a fast car.
Chapter II: bad traffic
The interstate traffic wasn’t as bad as it could have been on the way home, but unfortunately his car didn’t have any spare missiles behind the head lights, like a James bond car, so he might clear up the traffic faster. Charles passed the local hospital and few restaurants, which were reminding him how hungry he was; since he spent his lunch playing with his food instead of actually eating it. He pulled off onto the exit he needed to  get off on, and a few turns later he was in his suburb pulling into his driveway.
He got out of his car to see Alice’s SUV already parked there in front of his house. His house was for the most part pretty; maybe not the fanciest house there was, but it had two stories with plenty of space. Charles had a home office, a small library room he had set up, his bedroom and a spare bedroom with two baths. So he was pretty comfortable with it to himself until Alice would move there when they got married.                             
After Charles had parked and got out of his car, he paused for a moment feeling the warm sun on his face, with the nice breeze of the end of the summer in the air. He then glanced around the neighborhood to see if anything was different on the street today. The house at the corner had still had the “For Sale” sign on it that it had for the past six months, the one across the street was once more being visited by their bank. Charles assumed their house would soon be foreclosed on for they had obviously had been failing to make any regular payments, if any at all. His meaningless daily assessment of neighborhood was abruptly interrupted by a particular voice that came from his doorway.
“Hey! Are you going to come in the house or just gawk at the neighbors till you’ve scared all of them away!” Charles turned, with a smile to see Alice in his doorway with a cute smirk on her face. He didn’t say anything because Charles often wouldn’t respond when he felt that the question was a rhetorical one. He greeted her with a hug and a kiss and then finally responded,
“Good to see you, my love, how has your day been, not to bad I hope?”  
“Well, not really too bad, work seemed a little slow today. Except the part where some crazy kid was trying to cut himself with some kind of piece of metal. He managed to get it pretty deep too. It was pretty frightening; we had to actually take him to another part of the ward to get stitches.” Charles smirked for a second, trying to keep a thought to himself right before he snorted in slight laughter.
“What, what could you possibly think is funny about such a horrible thing as that?” Alice said with frustration behind her voice, for she did care deeply for her patients.
“Oh it’s not the boy and all that; it’s the fact that you called him a crazy. I know people like to call it a disease and all of that good politically correct jazz, but you and I both know it’s an asylum you work at, and well I assume all the patients are pretty crazy.” Alice sighed knowing that Charles was speaking a good measure of truth; but she didn’t really want to hear the truth at times, because it was a sad truth. She just wanted to help the people at the hospital she worked in. But truth is never convenient; it simply is what it is.
“I know it is, but I still want to try and help them, and see them as people as much as I can, even if several of them may cuss me out and call me a bitch on a daily basis. Seriously though, enough about work. I was wondering if we could go get dinner tonight at some place nice, perhaps a steakhouse. I would pay for it; consider it a celebration dinner for one year as a professor at the university.”
“Certainly, lunch left me kind of craving for something more appetizing. I really need to stop being so picky. Just let me put my stuff up and take a shower real quick and we can go. Alice did I tell you how much I love you?” Alice laughed,
“You sure that’s not just the steak dinner that you love?” Once again Charles smiled and didn’t respond with words, but instead gave her a soft kiss and then walked to his room and shut the door to get ready for his shower.
The shower water running could be heard from the living room where Alice was sitting on the couch, watching TV but really was more like channel surfing. She couldn’t manage to find the patience to stay on one show. Charles’ living room consisted of a nerdy sanctuary state that had a shelf full of rare and desirable action figures and framed posters from the epic space opera Star Wars and about five game systems. Alice didn’t mind Charles’ nerdy side one bit. She deeply loved Charles, he had always been there for her since they started dating, and she felt completely protected and secure with him.  
Charles had finally finished his shower, changed and was about ready to go. He was pretty excited about getting what he considered to be real food, or at least edible food, and he also enjoyed any moment he got to spend with Alice. Sometimes her job didn’t always allow them time together. She would sometimes have to stay over late or get called in on emergencies. Charles grabbed his jacket and went into the living room.
“So, you ready to go? Alice asked.
“Of course I’m ready, I’m starving, we taking my car?” Alice nodded in reply, she grabbed her purse and they went out the door.
They had hit some rush hour traffic on the way there and were playing the classic car game padiddle to pass the time; padiddle is a night time travel game with the objective of earning points by spotting vehicles with a single headlight out. You must say Padiddle and hit the ceiling of the car as fast as you can. Whoever calls it first gets a point, the person with the highest score is the winner.
“Padiddle.” Alice yelled out smashing her fist into the roof of the car, Charles let out a sigh. At that point he had about four points and Alice had seven, he seemed kind of bummed from being on the losing side. For his sake it good thing they weren’t playing the teenage inspired version of the game, where the last person to get the padiddle had to take off an article of clothing because then Charles would already be naked. They eventually arrived at the steak house after a good while in traffic. Charles dropped Alice off at the door because he liked to park further out, so no one would accidentally bang or scratch his car.
He went in to find Alice had already been seated by the hostess; the hostess looked at Charles with a look of lust in her eye. Charles could tell pretty well in general how people liked him but he also was still better at reading the physical signs, like pupil dilation, facial muscle movements, and other physical gestures. Charles attempted to avoid being hit on but the hostess approached him before he had a chance. “Just you tonight, sir?” She batted her eyelashes at him and bit her lip.
“No, actually my fiancé is here waiting on me.” He replied.
“Oh, okay then.” She said as she checked him out one last time. Charles spotted Alice and took his seat, the waiter greeted them and asked what they would like to drink, Charles got a soda and Alice just took water. They looked over their menus for a moment and exchanged casual conversation on what to eat,  when the waiter came back they ordered their food. Charles obviously ended up going with a steak, and he got sweet potato as well, Alice got Italian pasta with chicken, and a side salad.  
Charles and Alice began to talk about work and the university as they ate,
“So how are the students actually, Charles? I know you’re not the most social tool in the shed ,but I’m sure they can’t all be as bad as you act like they are.”
“Perhaps it’s a little early to tell, can’t say any of them have wowed me yet with their thoughts. I think there is potential, even in those students who struggle their way through everything.” Charles gave Alice a wink and threw bite of steak in his mouth,
“Hey! I never struggled that much! My God, you would think I had less than a 2.0 the way you talk.” Alice quipped back, Charles started chuckling heavily.
“So, what do you think is the greatest movie ever made?” Charles attempting to change the mood of the conversation.
“Oh no, here we go again, for the last time this is a completely pointless discussion. You know I’m not as big of a fantasy geek as you are. You know I absolutely love Gone with the Wind, it’s a classic.”
“I have no clue how you watch that crap, it’s so droll. I mean if you want to go with an older movie Citizens Kane or It’s a Wonderful Life is a much better choice. Yet as far as Sci-Fi goes you won’t have get a better movie than Empire, it’s the greatest movie ever made.” Alice mockingly lipping the end of his sentence as he said it, by this time in their relationship, she had heard it more times than she could remember.
 Their dinner was well satisfying to both of them as they left the restaurant with full stomachs and a cheerful mood of their companionship. They decided to go back home and have a small movie marathon, as much as the night would allow, they ended up agreeing on the new batman movies. Alice and Charles were huddled  together closely on the couch. Charles would randomly mock parts of the movie that didn’t make sense or had plot line issues, as he did with all movies, including the ones he liked.
“There is no way they could fall from that high and…” Charles looked over at Alice, she had her finger to her lips implying for Charles to be quiet. She leaned over and pressed her lips against his, the movie was now just background noise to them. Charles rolled over onto Alice as she did she wrapped her legs around him. As the two were passionately kissing each other Charles began to unbutton Alice’s blouse, he started kissing down her neck until the sound of Alice’s cell phone ringing stopped him in his tracks. Charles let out a large sigh in frustration of the untimely call; Alice pulled the phone from her pocket.
 “Hello.” She answered,“What? What do you mean? Oh my God, what happened? Who? Uh… okay I will be in as soon as I can.”
“What’s going on? What happened?” Charles asked.
“A patient tried to kill himself, I have to go in they need my help.”
“But why? They took you off call I thought, I mean you’re just a therapist what can you really do?” Charles asking with the obvious desire for their good evening together not to end.
“He asked for me by name, I guess he wants me to talk to him about something in person. I’m so sorry, sweetheart. I know you don’t want me to leave, but I have to. I had fun tonight, I love you Charles”
“I love y..” the door slammed shut before he got the words out of his mouth “too…” the look of disappointment clouded his face as he stood there alone.
 Charles was much of a night owl and seeing how’s there was still plenty of night left, he wondered what to do with it. Charles ejected the movie, and put in Call of Duty, a popular online game where you run around and shoot other players, usually in a team, on team death match.  After a few matches Charles felt rather fed up. He would have the highest kills out of all the players from both teams, but still would lose because his teammates sucked that badly. So instead he grabbed another game off his shelf, it was the all-time classic, and considered by some the greatest game ever made, Final Fantasy seven.
Charles played the game for a few hours until his eyes grew heavy. He fell asleep on the couch to the sound of the video game music playing in his ears, only to wake up to the alarm clock sound, not to many hours later. Charles slept a good and solid dreamless sleep. He could never recall having many dreams since he was young. It was like his brain had moved past that process, perhaps because dreaming truly served no purpose.
Charles had to work at being functional that morning, for him waking up was like rising from the dead and coffee was his elixir of life. He scrambled to get his clothes on and his note bag together. His typical frustration of trying to not get caught in morning traffic was a game he played, not out of entertainment but as a challenge of the environment. He arrived perfectly ten minutes before class, giving him the chance to set up his computer for his slides, and to quickly review what he was going to touch on in that class for the day.
The day was going pretty much normal for the most part, Charles broke into some lectures then went over some advanced problems in class and talked about the solutions, he had a break between periods he spent working on lecture notes and power point presentations. At his next class, several of the students had tried to solve his problem he gave the day before and all had failed to give the correct solution, their heads hung low with defeat. The students felt intimidated by Charles math equation and how it had somehow bested their young and brilliant minds. Charles then admitted that he intentionally gave them a heavy hitting problem to make them see the complexity of the class so they might prepare to elevate themselves when it reached that level.
The morning dragged on and the coffee that morning wasn’t the best brew that Charles had experienced. He was sorting some files away in his office as Edgar tapped on the door, “Hey man, you ready to grab some lunch, Charles ? I’m starved…. You look kind of tired. You pushing it late again with the algorithms or video games?”
“Eh, last night just video games, but the games gave me a couple of ideas about algorithms.” Charles said trying to justify it. Edgar grinned and laughed,
“Some people have late nights with booze and women, but not you, Dr. Charles Shepard, you have video games and math problems to get wasted on. Come on now, I’m hungry enough to eat a cow. You can tell me about you video game related epiphanies at the cafeteria.”
As Charles and Edgar were walking to lunch Charles’s phone buzzed, Charles not even paying attention to who it was as he answered it. The frantic voice was hard to make out at first, over the noise of the cafeteria that Charles was next to. He signaled that he would catch up with Edgar, and walked down the hall.
“Hello?” Charles said,
“I… I couldn’t handle it… all of it… It just was too heavy, to much… That boy last night… Everything he said just ruptured all the bad memories… When I looked into his eyes I seen the same pain from my past… I’m bleeding a lot Charles.” Alice’s weak and frightened voice sent chills down his back, he was more than aware of her past and the hell her family had put her through. It was the  reason she went into counseling and therapy to help others overcome the same hellish nightmares.
“Baby, listen to me. What’s wrong? Have you hurt yourself? You have to talk to me.” the phone was silent for a moment.
“I don’t really feel like living anymore… Just don’t worry about me I’ll be okay.”
“Alice?! Where are you? I’m coming to you right now.” There was a clicking noise; she had hung up the phone. Charles went running outside towards his car, “Where could she be?” he thought. Now he knew enough about psychology to work this out, she wouldn’t be at work and she hates her apartment; if she was feeling so insecure she would have probably gone to his house.
Charles jumped into the car. His heart was racing; his keys went from his pocket to the ignition like a bullet hitting a target. He didn’t know if he should call 911 or not because he couldn’t be sure she had done anything to really hurt herself but she was obviously in a horrible state of mind. Charles sped down the highway, weaving in and out of traffic like a street racer, the roar of the engine only elevating his tension into a further state of anxiety.
As he sped down the interstate, his mind was rushing with thoughts, it’s been two years since she’s had any kind of serious break down. What would trigger it? The boy last night, the one who had tried to kill himself, he must have said something about his life that was too much like Alice’s experiences, something that would have really triggered that kind of pain.
Charles swerved across a couple lanes of traffic to make his exit. The first light he was approaching was yellow, getting ready to turn. Charles went on through it speeding into his housing addition, making a squealing turn into it. He then roughly pulled into his driveway, his eye caught Alice’s SUV in the drive. He was right he had come to the right location.
Jumping out of the car and running into the house as quickly as he could he was shouting for Alice. He didn’t hear anything, he looked around and didn’t see any sign of her, he ran down the hall. Then he saw a massive amount blood all over the kitchen floor. The trail had led to where she was lying, she had a kitchen knife next to her with many deep cuts going up her wrist. Charles immediately kicked the knife away, she was losing lots of blood and she would be fading fast if he didn’t get her to a hospital. Charles wrapped a cloth around her wrist he pulled his belt off and tried to stop some of the bleeding by putting it around her arm. He picked her up and began to carry her.
“I’m…. I’m… so sorry… I just broke.” Alice managed to whisper to Charles.
“It’s okay, save your energy. I’m going to get you to a hospital.” but Charles knew it was far from okay. She had already lost too much blood and an ambulance would take too long to get there. He stuck her in the passenger’s seat of his mustang and with his heart racing beyond fast now, he jumped into the driver’s seat and threw his car into gear.
At that moment his car fulfilled its name it as a mustang,  it was his wild stallion in which he was fiercely riding to save whom he loved. At this point, Charles was blowing through red lights and skidding through his turns. The traffic laws didn’t matter to him; all that mattered at this moment was saving Alice’s life. His car went flying up the interstate ramp. Charles knew that the hospital was a about three exits down, for the luck of the moment, traffic was not locked up anywhere but it was heavy and hectic to get through even if you weren’t in a hurry.
Presently, Charles’s one hundred and ninety IQ mind was one hundred percent focused on the road. He was cutting off cars and pulling dangerous maneuvers to get through the thick of the traffic. He had passed the first exit, he looked over Alice was now moaning, her eye lids twitching and struggling to stay open.“Stay with me,baby! I can’t lose you, I love you too much to lose you!”
Charles heart was pounding so hard it felt like it was almost bursting out of his chest; he had enough time, he just needed to go faster. He hit the clutch, shifting his car into its highest gear he was now breaking over one hundred miles an hour in the traffic. He could see the second exit, “Almost there.” he thought, “it will be okay I can make it.
“I…. I… lov… love… yo…” Alice was trying to get out the words but she was starting to lose consciousness, only a half mile to go for the exit. Charles was in the far left lane of the traffic. He was using it to pass as many cars as he could, but he needed to get over very soon. His mustang was speeding at nearly one hundred and twenty miles per hour. He passed a semi-freighter and then another car, he saw the exit! But he had to get over now to make it. Charles swerved across all three lanes of traffic to get there. But right as Charles was going across the lanes, another car was turning into the middle lane, it caught his mustangs back bumper just enough, just enough to send the car into a barrel roll.
The speed which the car crash took place was super fast and  in slow motion at the same time. As the car was in the process of flipping several times, the car behind tried to miss, just smashing slightly into the side before fully swerving away. Charles could only see debris flying everywhere of glass and parts from the car. The semi behind them slammed on his breaks seeing no way to miss them other than just stopping the truck. His brakes skidded harshly, his entire load of steel pipes strapped to the flatbed started to shift badly, as the trailer began to turn sideways from the immediate stop. The load supports gave way; the back trailer of the truck came undone from the truck itself, the straps breaking sent metal pipes flying through the air like javelins. The smashed up, flipped upside down mustang was peppered by the raining down of steel pipes from the semi-truck.
 Everything was black for a moment; there was horrid ringing noise that was stinging his ears. Charles felt blood running down his face and he felt faint, he couldn’t think. He was struggling to stay conscious, everything was throbbing with white hot pain. He looked down to see a small steal pipe going through his side, blood drooled from his mouth. Alice he thought, with very little brain function. He looked around but didn’t see her anywhere. He realized he was upside down in the car. He unbuckled his seat belt and mustered all the adrenaline he had left and grabbed the steel pipe, and pulled it out of his side. The pain in his side felt like a red hot poker sticking in him, he dragged himself out of the car struggling to stand up.
The chaos before him looked like a war zone, something from an apocalyptic movie with debris and crashed cars. He then caught a glimpse of her, she was lying cold and awkward upon the concrete. He went stumbling towards her as fast as he could manage and he fell at her side. Blood covered her face, he felt for her pulse; there was nothing. Charles' screams shook like tremors, as the physical and emotional pain took him, Charles lost consciousness with his dead fiancé in his embrace.




Chapter III: Fighting Reality
The beeping of hospital machines echoed around Charles as his heavy eyelids slowly opened. Bandages were wrapped around his side, IV’s and different tubes and wires were hooked up to his body; he had never felt so helpless in his life. He looked around the room but no one was at his bedside at the moment. Tears rolled slowly down his face; the death of Alice being so fresh in his memory he couldn’t believe it, her mental collapse, the wreck. It was all out of a bad dream. It was the kind of thing you see in a movie, not actually experience. Why him? After everything he had been through with his parents, why must he have to further suffer? The emotions and empty question burned in his head. The door pushed open and a doctor walked into the room with a clipboard and pen in his hand,
“Good, you’re awake, so how are you feeling Mr. Shepard?” for moment if Charles had had the strength he would have glared at him from the obviously stupid question.
“I don’t know what words could describe my pain doctor. I just watched my fiancé die in an accident that was my fault because I was trying to save her, and it’s not Mr. Shepard, it's Dr. Shepard.”
“Sorry, I didn’t know you had a doctorate. Well, we are giving you medication for your physical pain and you should be able to be released in several days. As for what you went through I know you lost your fiancé, which is a very traumatic experience, there are many grief counselors on staff here. You're more than welcome to talk to any of them if you feel like it. I’m very sorry for your loss.” The doctor walked out of the room, Charles felt emotionally like death but he didn’t want to talk to some stranger that didn’t really know about it. After all, what could anyone possible say to Charles that would make it any better?  “Oh, I know what you’re going through,” they hadn't the slightest clue what he had been through.
Charles fell back asleep off for a short while, when he woke back up he saw Edgar sitting in the chair next to his bed. He looked at Charles for a moment and with a loss for words Edgar gave him a hug on the neck.
“I’m so sorry Charles, I’m always here for you man, I hope you know that.” Fresh tears coming back down Charles face once more. The two sat in silence for some time. Charles asked for Edgar to stick around that night. He didn’t really want to talk, he just didn’t want to be alone. Edgar brought him some books and his iPad from his office. He and Edgar watched a couple of movies on it that night. Charles felt a little better being with his friend, but he didn’t want to be at the hospital another minute; his energy was starting to quickly return to him and all the hospital did was make him think of death and Alice.
The next morning he was out of his bed, walking around, he had walked down to the nurses’ station and was telling them if they didn’t discharge him soon he was just going to leave on his own accord. He argued with the doctors for some time until they said that he could be discharged the next morning. Later on, in the afternoon he was visited by the police to give his statement on what had happened. Charles had insisted that the wounds she had inflicted on herself were too severe to wait for an ambulance. Though he was at fault for the accident, no one else was hurt badly and they understood why he chose to drive her.
The following morning he called a taxi to come pick him up to take him to his house since his beautiful mustang had been totaled in the wreck, and Edgar was busy with classes. He had gotten a call from the university to take a break to recover and come back when he was ready, that they would have his classes covered by a substitute until then. The taxi showed up and took him to his house, he paid the taxi driver and went on inside, dried blood still covered the floor from Alice. Charles quickly got a wet towel and wiped up the blood before it completely brought him back to that moment. It seemed he couldn’t get away from the pain of her death and he would have to go to the funeral that was tomorrow and deal with the hardest part of it.
Charles made himself some microwave food and spent the night clouding his mind and reality with video games. He started playing Final Fantasy for as many hours as he could till his exhaustion from his injures over whelmed him and he went onto bed. He didn’t sleep well, he kept having nightmare flashbacks of the wreck. He got back up about five o’clock because of his dreams, he made himself a strong cup of coffee and picked his PlayStation controller back up. The game was starting to resonate something in Charles. The villain of the game, named Sephiroth, used magic as a means to become a God. Charles thought if he were God that he could change the past, but there was no means of magic, and as far as Charles was concerned there was no God, that the world was too dark for any such loving God.
Charles now owned Alice’s SUV, turns out she had a will and the very little family she had didn’t get much of her possessions. He had gotten a letter in the mail the day before stating what she had left him and the proper contacts in which to receive it. Charles had cleaned himself up and got nicely dressed and walked out the door. While in the car on the way there Charles tried to not think, but thoughts of his emotions and dealing with this was hard to control. What would he feel seeing her? How could he handle seeing her dead body again? maybe it would be easier with her cleaned up. No, this day would not be easy, this day would burn into his soul and stay.
 As he pulled into the funeral home, Charles parked the car and calmly walked into the funeral home with his nicest suit on and an armored facial expression to mask the devastation inside him. As Charles walked up to the casket he sent a gulp down his throat. There lay Alice beautiful and lifeless, Charles breath shortened. Alice’s sobbing mother was next to the casket but Charles didn’t bother to say anything to her. Charles knew it was Alice’s home life and the trauma in her family that caused her final attempt at suicide, and her mother who had all the power to have protected her better when she was growing up but didn’t. If she had truly loved her daughter, she wouldn’t have raised her in such hell, she wouldn’t have let her be treated like a piece of meat for others to take. So to Charles, she was no better than the people who hurt her in the first place, he had nothing but contempt for her in his heart.
Edgar sat next to Charles during the service. It was calm, many nice things were said of her, the preacher spoke of God and Alice’s life. He talked about her going onto a paradise away from all the pain and darkness of the world. His words were powerful and even moving to Charles’s ears who didn’t really care for religion. His words echoed for a while. Charles armor showed a crack as one tear rolled down his face, and he had to look away to prevent more.
They closed the casket and walked it to the hearse; the breezy air of fall was on the wind. Only a few people went out to the grave yard. The preacher said a few last words at the grave site; Charles set a red rose onto the casket. His armor shattered as he fell onto the casket; tears poured from his eyes with his arms and hands against the wooden box that would be Alice’s final chambers, Charles weeping with great force still.  Everyone left but him; he stayed for several hours until he knew that he had no tears left to anoint her grave with.
He stood up and walked further through the grave yard till he reached another memorial stone.  In loving memory of Paul and Laura Shepard. Charles had paid to have the memorial built when he moved to the city. It seemed that everything that was ever dear to him was stolen out of his life, and the darkness that was now weighing on Charles' heart seemed too heavy to bear. “Mom, Dad what am I supposed to do?… How am I supposed to go on now?” Charles softly whispered as the last tears rolled from his eyes. As he left the graveyard, he pulled out his cell phone, he dialed Edgar’s number, the phone rang for a few seconds,“Hello, is that you Charles?”
“I don’t want to go home tonight, what are you doing, how about a drink what do you say Edgar?”
“Of course man where do you want to meet at? I know this one good place called Lewis’s tavern near the school, you know it?”
 “Yeah works for me I’ll be there in twenty, see you then.” Drinking was not in Charles’s categories of behavior. He had probably only drank a few times in his life, but he now had an occasion he saw fit to drink for. He arrived no later than he said he would, he sat at the bar stool for five minutes until Edgar got there. Edgar asked the barman for a couple of beers since Charles was sitting there just kind of staring at the wall of different alcoholic beverages.
The two quietly sipped at their beers for several minutes, Charles then finished his off with a slight look of discomfort from the taste “You call this piss water alcohol? You got anything stronger?” The bartender smirked at Charles and brought out a bottle of whiskey with a glass and poured him a drink. Charles threw the drink down the back of his throat as if he had drank on a regular basis, then he finally began to speak.
“None of it is fair, all the pain in my life. What is the purpose, first mom and dad, now Alice. What did I do to deserve this? Is there some great sin I am responsible for?” Charles signaled the bartender for another shot of whiskey,
 “You know about my opening lecture, about challenging the ideas of how far mathematics can go.” Edgar nodded. “What if that was a precursor to the greatest mathematical leap that any mathematician, physicist, or scientist has tried? What if you really could use math to tap into supernatural powers? If the evidence which I have studied is correct, than there are things which have gone outside the laws of physics and science. If I could somehow use that to my advantage, if I could use an algorithm with the correct circumstances relating to the super natural events then maybe I could… no that’s just the alcohol talking.”
Edgar blinked with an expression of slight yeah that is the whiskey talking but also with an I’m curious and want to know.“No go on, I’ll bite. What is this hypothesis of yours? What do you think you could accomplish if you could actually use math to somehow work with the supernatural effects?”
“Do you remember that old PlayStation game Final Fantasy seven? In the Game, Sephiroth, the antagonist is attempting to use magic as a means to become a God, hence the reference in his name to a Sephiroth which is a systematic means in certain religions to  achieving godhood. If, however, I could use an algorithm and the right science and so forth, I could tap into supernatural powers or what people have called magic in ancient civilizations to achieve complete control over all elements and aspects of physics, time, dimensions, or in the same right becoming God.”  He said.
“So would you use this power as a means of good to better humanity, to undo all the bad things? Or would you rather use it to further your own means, to take control and make utopia in your eyes instead the eyes of morality and ethics?”
“ I don’t know if I can say I would undo all wrong, I'm honestly not that sure what I would do, I know I would go back and stop Alice from dying… but if I were to undo all wrong, I will have destroyed free will and all would be slaves to my choice and view of humanity.” Edgar swigged back the rest of his drink and gave Charles a look of skepticism, he didn’t blame Charles for wanting to change the past.
“Well, man I know when people go through hard things that they want to be able to go back and change things, make stuff different or the way they think they should be. But sometimes you just can’t man, it’s just way far out of your hands and there’s not a darned thing anyone can do about it.”
“Yeah you’re probably right; well, I think I’m going to head on home Edgar.”
“Hey Charles… take it easy now, you can call if you need anything, I mean it, I’ll see you around.” Charles didn’t have much intention on taking it easy, nor did he think his idea was drunken babble. He knew it sounded too ridiculous for anyone to take seriously; but he took it seriously. Charles had been thrown into a state of mind to actually attempt this project. He had to get Alice back, he had to make things right, and if he didn’t he probably would spend the rest of his life being a social recluse  and regretting whether he should have called an ambulance or not. Maybe even drinking himself into oblivion, who knows but Charles refused to just let the past stay what it was, he was going to change it, and he was going to invent a new algorithm that would give him the power to do so.
 When Charles got home he didn’t delay any more in mourning Alice’s death, instead he went straight to the drawing board with ideas for his algorithm. What could he go off of?  he thought. His first idea was that he needed to calculate all the rituals of religions that have been factually known to have unnatural effects and then supply them as part of the algorithm. Then he would need to supply elements of it based on physics, science, and mathematics. He spent many long hours of that night with white boards, note paper, and computer programs until he fell asleep on the couch from his exhaustive work on the research.
The following morning he started in with several cups of coffee, he then worked for many hours on his algorithm. This algorithm would be one of the most advanced ones any single person had ever striven to make. To create a pattern based on supernatural, mathematical, physical, and also sociological aspect, all in the same circle, was like trying to do a connect the dots puzzle with about three hundred thousand dots. But that was in no way going to stop him; he had been one of the most prestigious students of not only his class, but his entire school. He had an IQ that rivaled most super geniuses of history. He had to do this for Alice; it was a burning and driving factor in his heart and mind, the day quickly melted away as Charles mind became more and more like a computer. The algorithmic equation, at this rate, was most likely going to take at least a week to fully complete if not longer.
Charles took few breaks as the days went on, he spent only small amounts of time to eat, shower, and sleep. The only thing that mattered to him now was finishing the problem that he had set before himself. The phone rang, Edgar had been calling him for the past several days now, but Charles didn’t care what Edgar had wanted and at this point and was just ignoring him. The university was giving Charles some leave time anyway, so he figured he could get away with dropping off the face of the world for at least a few weeks, and that’s all he figured he needed.
On the third day, Charles decided to actually get out of the house, he went up to Burger King to get something other than the Ramen noodles and Hot Pockets that he had been surviving on the past couple of days. As he was eating his burger, he noticed a couple holding hands. The sight immediately reminded him of his loss that he was striving so hard to get back, he thought back to when he first met Alice.
Charles remembered all the therapy she was going through when they first met, and how much he had tried to be there for her, the nights holding her as she sobbed, her frantic calls from her nightmare flashbacks. The trauma of Alice’s past was a horrifying one, she grew up in a broken home with a mother who didn’t care as long as she was high. Her dad who was a violent, short-tempered, drunk constantly hit her and to make matters way worse she had an uncle who would visit them on a regular basis, he raped and molested her for countless years of her childhood.
Charles felt that if he went back and stopped the accident and Alice’s suicide attempt, that it wouldn’t fully solve the problem; the true problem with Alice was her past and the horrors of what happened to her. Charles didn’t just want to save her, he wanted to save her from her past. He wanted to exact revenge on her uncle, he wanted to do what a just God would do, he wanted no more pain. He wanted true happiness for Alice that was complete and didn’t get torn down by dark memories. He was going to have to fight for that opportunity. Even if it meant losing his soul in the process he didn’t really care, not that he fully believed in the soul, but part of him wondered.
In the truth of things, if Charles could, he would have switched places with her childhood so he could spare her from it. He loved her so much, he was willing to take that kind of pain for her. In a way he had already taken quite a share of pain in the long nights of her heart ache and struggles that he helped her go through. Charles was now emotionally a piece of Alice’s life whether she was dead, alive, or far away. He would always feel her heart beat with his and he would always want it near.
These experiences with Alice led him to an even larger moral dilemma: If there really was a good God, how could he allow such horrible evil to take place in His world? For what purpose, for what point would he allow such horrible acts to occur? What was all this pain for, in the long run? Charles thought if there was a God, He was by no means good, he didn’t care, and he hated him.
Charles finished eating his burger and french-fries, he figured that was enough of reflecting philosophy and God. It was time to get back to work. He needed to get home so he could get the ball rolling on this project, there was no stopping, no resting or retreat. Charles had questions that only the power the algorithm would unleash could help lead to the answers, this was his Mount Everest his, his fifth symphony, his Mona Lisa, and with it he planned to change all of humanity.
As days started to melt away, as his algorithm kept frustrating him more and more, he had to keep re-evaluating his math because he was adjusting so many factors with the equation. The days began to turn into weeks, his house was covered in note books and a whole mess of white boards. He was factoring the full equation into his computer seeing as how he couldn’t have even have fit it on to one of those huge chalk boards they have in schools let alone the boards he was working on.
 Charles was deeply entranced in his work when the doorbell rang. Charles slightly turned his head when it rang, then just looked back at his board he was working on. He thought it must just be some pesky salesmen looking to pitch him why he needed a newspaper subscription. The doorbell persistently rang as Charles stayed fixated on his work; suddenly he heard a crashing sound coming from the front of the house. Edgar came walking in, from kicking in the door. He then looked around in amazement and slightly with a look of terror from all the boards and work Charles had been doing.
“Why haven’t you answered your phone calls? I was getting worried about you! And frankly I'm sure if the university staff could see this… well, whatever this is, they might be just as concerned as I am. It’s been nearly three weeks and you haven’t touched base with…”
“Yeah, about that… I’m sorry about that.” Charles butted in,
“But don’t you understand the work I’m doing? I’m on the verge of achieving what was deemed impossible! This algorithm will be the greatest academic achievement in the history of man. I’m so close Edgar, I’ve almost finished all the variables and math for each of them…”
“Wait a damn second, what in the hell is this? Is this that freaking ridiculous idea about using math to become God, bull crap you were telling me when you were drunk?  Seriously, Charles, I have great respect for you, you're one of the most brilliant men I know, but you have to move on from her. You can’t let her death destroy your potential. You can’t seriously believe that you can go off some hair brained idea you got when you were hammered. If you keep this up, you’ll be unemployed by the next month and in a nut house in the next three.”
Charles sat there in silence for a moment, feeling like there had been a certain measure of truth to Edgar’s statement, and then he looked about his living room which now had four computers wired together. There was about twenty five white boards all filled with different equations on them, the computer compiling information on the algorithm. Charles then looked at Edgar sternly and said,
“I know eight languages; have two masters and a doctorate, and IQ of one hundred and ninety. I have torn down great science and physics books with my work, and just because I took a job teaching at not the most prestigious school in the world, and I lost my bride to be in a tragic accident doesn’t mean that I have suddenly gone nuts. If you think I’m freaking crazy then GO AHEAD REPORT ME TO THE BOARD! But know this! When they honor me with a Nobel prize for this work you will have wished you acted like you were my best friend, and not another academic stooge.” Charles was bursting with anger, his very veins were practically showing from his rage, his hands were shaking and his fist clenched tightly.
“You seemed to do a good job showing yourself in the door, I think you will do a better one showing yourself out.”
Edgar tromped out the door. Charles stared off for a second, then hit one of the boards sending it flying across the room, Charles fell to his knees and punched the floor. He hadn’t wanted to fight with Edgar he was his only real friend and he truly knew Edgar was trying to look out for his wellbeing, but there was no turning his back on this, no turning away from what he had to do.
All he needed was one more day and it would be finished, he would be ready, the frustration of the evening had left Charles a little out of sync. So instead, Charles picked up the controller to his game system and ran off to a fake world that he could always hit the restart button when he died. Everything was controllable in the gaming world, and no mistake in the gaming world is left unable to be changed.
The night grew late and Charles slowly drifted asleep, random chunks of steal began flying through the air, shattering glass rained down from the heavens like rain, thundering bolts of steel pipes crashed down into the ground like lightning. A fair lady smashed into a sea of concrete as her prince was thrown off his wild mustang; vibrations of death echoed a tune of the screams that burned Charles vocal cords. Charles woke up drenched in cold sweat and already sitting up, his breathing was heavy. The flash backs had been starting to plague him on a nightly basis; he went to the cabinet in the bathroom and took some aspirin then he went back to bed. He needed his rest to complete his work on the algorithm.
Chapter IV: God magic
The following day, Charles got his coffee and went straight to work on the algorithm. He worked for about six hours straight; not eating or focusing on anything else. He had one last variable to finish and then it would be complete, but being the last one, it proved to be trickiest of all of them for Charles. He at times became so frustrated he started swearing to himself, spewing out curses in many different languages. As he did so, he brought a mad scientist image out, perhaps one day people would think of him as Dr. Frankenstein or Mr. Hyde.
Charles was lucky for the age that he lived in; for without computers he probably would not have been able to pull this project off. He was actually using other algorithms on the computer to help calculate the variables and what needed to be added. An algorithm within an algorithm so to speak; this made those million piece jigsaw puzzles look like one of the kiddy ones that had six pieces.  
Reality dictated that if he couldn’t pull this off and he was publicly exposed, his academic reputation would be trashed and he would be blacklisted as a teacher from any respectable universities or institutions. Charles very well knew the gamble he was taking, that it was a still a theory, and as elaborate as all his math was, it would be all in vain if absolutely nothing came of it. This was his bluff on the universe. He had put in all his chips; if his hand of cards didn’t pan out then what would he do? But then again, he saw what he was doing more of stacking the deck; so how could he loose?
Many packages had been piling up at Charles house, he had been ordering parts and items over the past several weeks that would be used for his experiment; no it was more like a ritual. This type of process was mixed with scientific machines with lasers and frequency emitters. He had started to assemble the components while he waited for his computers to process the final part of his algorithm. The machine was like something out of a sci-fi movie or maybe an anime show. It had a steel base which Charles had custom ordered from a machine shop, it was a circular shaped with many symbols on it several were from different religions such like the pagan star, star of David, a cross in the center.  Some of the symbols were from alchemy, others were ancient mathematical symbols like roman numerals and it had two simple words in Greek on it, Theos Mageia. Translated it meant God Magic, the name he had dubbed his supper algorithm.
Attached to the base, was a control board and two large scale frequency emitters, there were two focus lasers that were on pivoting mechanical arms attached on the control panel side. The emitters would be towards the back of the subject, and seeing how Charles was his only help for the experiment the control panel that had a screen attached to it was facing inwards towards the circle where the subject had to stand. All of this was encased by glass so the process would be contained within the chamber. The power source was one of the most difficult things to deal with; the machine required more power than most of Charles neighborhood used.
Charles spent many more hours assembling his machine, when he was done putting the it together he went over to check his computer progress on the algorithm. It was done; it was finally finished calculating. Excitement rushed through Charles as he began to download the data to his machine. Then Charles excitement had suddenly stopped. He had forgotten he needed a special formula to handle the lasers and frequency emitters otherwise the effects of the machine could kill him. Most of the formula was simple ingredients to get, but one key one required access to. The only place he could possibly get his hands on the chemical he needed was at the university’s lab, it was an experimental chemical that was still in testing.  
Charles didn’t actually have the clearance to get in the laboratory, so he would have to use what access he had at the school to get him close enough, then break in and steal it. Charles figured it would be odd if he just started appearing about the school randomly; so in order to keep from being suspicious he would need to act like he was returning to his job. Charles pulled out his cell phone and scrolled through his contacts until it stopped on Edgar. A sigh came from Charles, the fight with Edgar was unpleasant but Edgar might be the one person who could read Charles well enough to call his poker face, Charles pressed down on the call button. *click*
“Hello Edgar, um I’ve been thinking about what you said and you are right, I’ve been way too obsessive and acting like I’m crazy with this stupid theory. I was thinking I should start up teaching again to clear my head, get me focused and on track, so what do you think?”
“I’m glad to hear it, I’ll just call the substitutes and tell them they won’t have to continue doing your classes, so I can plan on seeing you tomorrow then?”
“Yeah, I will be there don’t worry, and Edgar… I’m sorry I acted like such an ass.”
“No need for an apology, see you tomorrow.” *click* Charles hung up the phone quickly. Edgar had seemed to take the bait, now Charles just had to give a couple of lectures and steal some school property and he would be one step closer to changing the past.
The next day Charles had gotten his notes together along with his laptop for his classes. He also took swipe keycard hacking device he had put together so he could gain entrance to the lab where the formula was being stored. Charles hadn’t been to the university since Alice’s death, as he pulled up in the parking lot the whole place felt foreign to him, the school had lost all its meaning to Charles. All he could see was a stone building with elegant wood work and spiral stair cases with nothing to truly show for itself. He had spent over a year teaching there and hadn’t met anyone that had any intellectual creativity. Edgar had almost had some; but he often would let it get clouded by the standards that academia set among universities.
Charles made his way to the classroom, he would need to teach all his classes to avoid suspicion; getting caught was not an option. It was a very simple and yet very important mission he had before him. If he didn’t acquire this formula, he would have no way to survive the machine's extreme conditions. Charles started getting his computer set up for his power point, as he could see faces in the room eager about his return. He focused on a simple taught class with his slides and lecture being as normal as possible. His real desire was to teach about his research and theory but in reality that was far from the question. He couldn’t even let the slightest hint out of his work for if someone stole it, the consequences could be irreversible as well as catastrophic.
When class ended, Charles quickly gathered his stuff to go on to his following class, when he was done that would then be his opportunity to steal the formula. As Charles walked into his next class there was a lot of talking that quickly fell silent. Charles could sense the fact that most of his students knew what he had went through, this brought a certain emotional connection between him and the students Charles had rarely ever felt.
As he began his lecture, it became something more than anything he had ever normally taught. It became a burden to pass something on to these students, to future generations. Charles wanted to leave them with something that they truly needed, something they could use and carry on to pass to their children, and perhaps even use to help make this world a little bit of a better place.
“Many of you have bright futures ahead of you, but this world is full of darkness and hurt, it will try to take your meaning from you, your purpose. Don’t let the opinions of the ignorant tell you what you’re doing at school is a waste of time.  You can be the future, you can shape the future, because you are the future.” Charles ended his lecture on that tone. The students had looks wondering whether they had just heard a lecture or a motivation speech. Charles gathered his things and rushed out, he had to get to that lab. He ditched his note bag in his office and went toward the wing of the campus where the science lab was. He was doing his best to keep his composure, so that he could make it to that area but to actually get into the lab would require permission and a reason which he didn’t have.,
As he turned the corner, there it was, with the sign above the doorway that was in front of him Testing Laboratory: Authorized Personnel Only. Charles quickly slipped into the classroom next to it. There were some lockers stationed in the back of the room that had some white lab coats in it. He took his jacket off and removed the card decryptor from his jacket pocket. He put the decryptor in the lab coat and put on the lab coat, as well as a fake name badge that had Dr. Sir Isaac Newton facetiously written on it. He went back out the door, up to the lab door and peeked inside. He didn’t see anyone inside, then he checked down the hallway. It didn’t look like anyone could see him. He pulled out the decryptor and slid the card in it then calculated the code quickly and unlocked the door.
Charles slowly went through the door and then cautiously shut it behind him; he looked about the lab to see many table and cabinets of different sorts. The formula he needed to find had to be in a cabinet that had trial formulas in it. He search the cabinets and drawers as quickly as he could. The first ones obviously weren’t them since they had all kinds of common chemicals in them, then he opened a drawer with many code labels on them. Charles grabbed the chart off the wall in front of it, it had a list of the code names and the formulas function. He scanned the list with his finger several times; there it was, under TX-38, for use to allow for absorption of high frequency waves and heat.
He eyed the drawer for it as quick as he could, since at any minute someone could walk through the door. His eye spotted the three vials of red translucent fluid with the code TX-38 labeled on them. Charles grabbed two of the vials and put them inside the small steel case he had brought, for protecting the vials. He stuck the case into his pocket and shut the drawer, as his ears suddenly caught the sound of the door beep as it unlocked. His heart jumped, he had to keep his composure, he could fake his way through anything. The person coming through the door didn’t look very old, the young man’s eyes caught Charles.
 “Oh, hey there, I didn’t know anyone would be in here at this hour. Hey, aren’t you Dr. Charles Shepard the physicist?” he stuck his hand out to shake, Charles grasped his hand and accepted the greeting.
“Mathematician actually, but yeah that would be me.” Charles glanced at the tag on the young man’s coat, it read Josh Brown-teacher’s assistant.
“Well, what brings you around this part of the school?” he asked, seemingly curious but not suspicious. Charles figured the kid was more flattered by the acquaintance he just, than wonder whether Charles actually had permission to be there.
“Uh, just getting a few things for a small demonstration I’ve put together for class, but I need to get going though, so you have a good day now.”
“You do the same, Dr. Shepard.” Charles nodded at him, as he went out the lab door and closed it behind him, he sighed in relief. He looked down the hallway to see Edgar staring straight at him. Edgar knew he didn’t have access to the lab, and looking rather angry he started to quickly walk towards Charles. He knew he didn’t have a chance to explain to Edgar; no lie would suffice and he would shut him down right there on the spot.
 Charles took off, running down the hall, the bell had rung and dozens of students came pouring out of classrooms. Edgar was trailing fast behind him. The only way he could manage to outrun Edgar was to outmaneuver him. Charles began to push students out of his way. He didn’t have much of a chance, at the current rate, of out running Edgar. So he started grabbing students books out of their hands and chucking them at Edgar, he got a few good hits but this didn’t really slow him down very much. Their sprint led them throughout the school campus, as if they were in a game of tag, Charles made for the cafeteria since it was packed completely full of students.
Charles ran right into the crowd of students and immediately grabbed the vials from the jacket and threw off the lab coat. He grabbed a hat sitting on a table and put it on, as well as picked up a tray of food and started to calmly walk through the midst of the people. As soon as Edgar had pushed his way through the crowd, he was trying to scan the hoard of students for Charles, he managed to miss the fact that Charles was walking right past him.  
When Charles got out of the cafeteria, he threw off the hat, and dropped the lunch tray as he began running for the parking lot. There was no time left, only this one chance to change everything, he had to get to his house before Edgar showed up there. He jumped into his SUV and rushed back to his house without slowing down as he drove, he jumped out the car and rushed through the door.
His computer had finished calculating the math, he hit the button on the machine and it started to boot itself up for activation. Charles grabbed one of the vials, unscrewed the cap, then drank it. He didn’t have enough time about worrying about adding anything else to it, the base formula should do the job. He stood in the middle of the machines base, he hit the activation button, and the chamber doors slid shut.
“Ignis, terra, aer, et aqua.” Charles spoke the names of the four elements in Latin then said on last phrase “Theos Mageia.”
The machine frequency emitters started pulsing out blasts of sound waves, the focus lasers shot the beams at Charles, he gasped in pain from the process that seemed like it went on forever. The pulse energy from the high frequency made his ears feel like they were going to bleed. Charles began to let out cries of pain, then the machine cut out. Charles fell to the ground in exhaustion, as he tried to stand up he felt extremely weak. It didn’t feel right. Something had to have gone wrong; he shouldn’t even feel human if it had worked. He finally gathered the strength to stand. He reached out his arm and simply tried to turn off the light with his mind, but nothing happened. Charles fell into his chair with disappointment, he did exactly what he had vowed not to do. He had failed.
He wondered what he could have done wrong. What was it that he was lacking or had he added too much?  It had to be the algorithm, but what had he missed or was it simply impossible to accomplish what he theorized he could do. But how could he have been wrong? he wondered, his math seemed perfect. Everything seemed like it should have worked what was he missing?
A rapid and heavy knocking came from the door, then it was thrust open, Edgar made his way into the house where Charles was sitting. Edgar didn’t really seem as mad, he seemed more frustrated than anything. He stared at Charles sternly.
“Oh, don’t give me that look; did you really think that I would have given up on my theory?” Edgar pointed at the machine in the living room,
“Is that it, is that what you are using to synthesize your power with?” he questioned,
“Yes, but it doesn’t work. You were right Edgar, I was just grasping at the wind.” Charles then staring back at the ground, still in disappointment of his failed attempt, but now oddly enough Edgar’s curiosity suggested to Charles that he had gained a certain amount of interest in it.
“What would you do if it would have worked Edgar, what would you do if you had the power of God?” Edgar turned to face Charles,
“Well, I think I would have to make some evaluations and think about it, but truly if I had that kind of power... I think I would take whatever I wanted, rule whatever I desired. You could have any woman you desired or just create one, you could do whatever you wanted, kill those you hated. If you could achieve this God-hood state, why not make your own morality, after all isn’t that Gods job?” There was a seriously sinister tone in Edgar’s voice that partially frightened Charles, he had never known Edgar to be this cold and selfish.
“I’m not sure whether you or I are in a position to say what God’s job really is. For one, neither of us really believe in him, and for two if we did we wouldn’t really understand him. People like me and you, we want to outsmart God, we want to show him that we are bigger than him and that we are really Gods and that we don’t need him, but it turns out I’m just a fool.” Edgar was now closely looking at Charles algorithm boards,
“It didn’t work you say, if I had to guess if there was any problem with your algorithm, there is a variable you left out.” Charles looked at Edgar puzzled from the improbability of his statement.
“Impossible, what could I have possibly left out? I thought of everything.”
 “Of course, you have thought of everything, but when you are calculating all the forces of the universe there is one thing you must accept, and that is there are some things that are not known to us, there are some things we just can’t know. But even though we do not know them they are still a factor of the universe and if you leave out that factor then you have a useless algorithm.” Charles was thinking about what Edgar was saying, he realized this idea was rather broad but also had potential truth behind it. Edgar stuck his hand on Charles shoulder,
“Don’t worry I won’t report you to the school board for taking those chemicals from the lab, as stupid as it was. Just come back to school and keep a level head on your shoulders, teach your classes. Honestly, all this work and that machine, it’s all pretty impressive. Part of me even wishes I would have thought of it, I’m still your friend Charles.” Edgar calmly walked out the door and shut it behind him; there was stillness in the air from their conversation.
Charles walked up to an empty white board, picked up a marker and started to draw some equations on it, Could it really be that simply of a fix? He wondered. He stared at the small variable that would be the unknown part for the algorithm that Edgar had suggested. It was the simplest out of all the variables, Charles still was skeptical over the entire idea and with hesitation punched in the last equation for the algorithm; the algorithm which Charles had deemed God Magic. He had given it that name for it was the power of a God he was trying to achieve through that of mathematics and magic. He pulled the final vial out of his pocket, this was his last chance.
He poured the fluid down his throat and calmly stepped into the machine this time. The computer had finished recalculating and Charles put his finger up to the button and closed his eyes with hesitation as he pushed it. The doors slid shut, he repeated the same words as he said before. He said them because they were the machines final activation code, this time the markings in the base began to glow blue as the emitters and lasers were activating. The piercing power of the whole machine felt like being seared by a hot iron, something was different this time. Charles felt like his very molecules were changing inside him as the process was happening.
All the lights in the house began to explode, then the circuits in the machine started to blow, all the energy built up inside the machine exploded and blew out the chamber doors. Everything was dark, Charles tried to feel his way through the houses blackness to reach the light of the front windows. He went out his front door and into his yard, he felt the planet coursing beneath him, the very life from each person could be felt near, he knew he had accomplished something. He could feel an unlimited amount of energy inside him, had he done it? Had he achieved his goal, he had worked so hard towards?
He felt at his side, his wound from the accident had completely healed, he couldn’t even feel a scar. He now knew that he must test it further, last time he tried a light, but no, that was to small. He had to prove  that his power was beyond that of a magician, he had to do something only a God could do. He held up his hand towards the sun that was nearly setting beneath the horizon, as he did so a blue translucent-colored  ring shaped and formed around his arm, it had all kinds of weird symbols and shapes that looked like it was from an ancient or alien language.
He could tell the rings were calculations of his power being formed, like a code or equation but they were something beyond that. With his hand out stretched towards the sun he slowly moved his hand upward. As he did so, the entire sun began to rise from its very setting, Charles had finally done it, he had the power of a God!




Chapter V: vengeance ablaze
The moment was nearly unfathomable as Charles stood staring at his hand, nearly all the power he could ever imagine at his fingertips. Most people could have hailed him the Oppenheimer of his generation, the man who cracked open the universe. He could alter the course of time as he saw fit, create worlds or destroy them. Perhaps he could make his achievement public and seek the praises of others be given the Nobel prize. Yes, Charles could very well have all these things; but he only truly had one desire, one thing that he went through all this trouble for. He was going to change the fate of his lost love.
Charles walked back into his house and slouched down into one of his big leather chairs. He held up his hand and a blue holographic image appeared, it looked like that of a clock dial. It had roman numerals on it and strange, ancient symbols. With a simple swipe of the hand, the dial shifted about, Charles stared at it for a second. The knowledge of how to operate the mysterious power was already in him, yet even that felt unexplainable to Charles. As he began to touch different symbols and shapes on the dial the lights in the house came back together and the machine restored itself almost as if he was rewinding the damage.
He stood back up and walked over to the fireplace and stuck his hands on the mantle. Charles seemed to be struggling with mere power that was in him, “Enough parlor tricks.” Charles swung around and held out his hand the blue sigil shot outward and time began racing backwards. It was like a river that was reversed and the water had started moving upstream. His surroundings became like a three dimensional movie of his life flowing backwards. At the simple snap of his fingers, time froze solid in its place. He was staring at a 67’ ford mustang flipped upside down with steel pipes suspended above it. The emotions rising inside of him left a bitter taste in Charles’s mouth, the taste of death.
It was this moment that was his biggest mistake, this very spot in time revealed one of his greatest failures. Charles clapped his hands together and pulled them apart to reveal a strand of blue energy between them. When he did so the events started to reverse much slower, he started to rearrange the traffic pattern right before the accident had happened, so that the one car wouldn’t had caught there bumper of his car causing the entire accident to take place.
Charles walked up to the car and looked inside; there Alice sat in the passenger seat with her wrist bloody her eyes looked heavy. The expression on her face was not truly of pain but of loss, losing the will to live, giving up. She had given up on life completely and Charles could see it. In a moment of frustration and pain, Charles slapped his hands back together all around him became dark as the blackest night except for the small white orb light he had made with his mind to keep him from complete darkness. He knew if he just tried to fix his mistake he would once again run into the same problem, that Alice would become plagued by the pain of her past and she would lose any desire to live.
So Charles had to do something uncharted, he would have to go to the heart of problem and uproot it before it was actually seeded. Charles didn’t want to do what it was that he had to do; He didn’t want to taste or see the pain of her past. The very horrors described to him from Alice were enough to make him want to punch a wall, if not hurt those responsible for such atrocities. There in, lay the key to pushing him forward, a burning desire for revenge.
The all, very surreal experience of what Charles was doing with his powers was farthest from his mind as vengeance poured into his heart. Hatred began to manifest like a flame from the depths of hell. He wasn’t going to let Alice suffer the same past, no matter the consequences. He was going to find those who had hurt her before they could get a chance to do it. And then he was going to make them curse the very day they were born.
Charles used the power of his magic to bring up a holographic data base system. He began to scroll through it with his finger until he reached an image of Alice. He touched the picture of her and a time line appeared. Charles’s placed his finger on the time line and pulled it back, like one might rewind an mp3 track on the computer. The data base had disappeared and Alice’s life was now free flowing before Charles in the direction of her past. Charles isolated the home of her past away from all of existence; it was a black abyss away from space and time where he would witness everything inside this house.
As all seemed to become a shadow of a person he knew, he started to see a life he never had to experience. Pain and suffering was abundant in this life as an angry father took out his rage on his children, and a sick psychopathic uncle treated Alice like a piece of meat to be enjoyed. Tears began to roll down Charles face, he felt like throwing up from the things he saw. He tightly clenched his fist, fire burned in his throat. He could hardly contain his rage until he had gotten to the place where Alice was not but a toddler; he then stopped time at this moment, where innocence had a chance to grow.
Charles came up to small little child, she smiled at him, and he softly smiled back. He snapped his fingers and she was taken someplace far and safe protected by Charles powers. He sat quietly in deep thought waiting patiently for the moment that would have been the first time Alice’s uncle had molested her. The door slowly creaked open, a tall ugly, grotesque man walked through it with darkness in his heart. Charles eyes latched open and his glare of fury was fixated on the man across the room.
Charles threw his hand up, his God Magic dial began circulating but was now a flaming color of orange and red. His prey flew up against the wall, suspended by the power of Charles wrath. The man’s feet were off the floor and his arms were outstretched as if he were being crucified. The man started to scream out in pain, as Charles was inflicting an unseen amount of torturous afflictions on his enemy. His skin began to boil, black tears came from his face, and his eyes became red hot and burst into flames.
 The man was starting to slowly disintegrate beginning at his fingertips and feet slowly moving inward. Charles rage was pulsing, powerful, cool, calm, and collected. He then directed his outstretched hand towards the man with his pointer finger. When he pointed his finger at the man, he completely burst into flames. Charles wrist began to turn, his pointed finger started to become a grasping hand that looked like he was fiercely choking someone. As Charles rage reached its climax, he let out scream of anger and then clenched his fist tightly as the man before him exploded into billions of particles of dust.
Charles lowered his head, he just stood there for a moment with his eyes closed. He walked out the front of the house and snapped his fingers. The house exploded behind him, obliterating it from the pages of history. Forever stopping it from being a museum of nightmares and destroyed memories for innocent children who only deserved a good home.
Charles had summoned the small girl back to him in the voids of time; he then sped up her future without all the horrible people that filled it originally. She now was adopted into a kind and loving family who blessed her with many things and always saw that she was protected and loved. A new kind of smile was always on her face now as he watched her grow up in a new and happy life. Charles began to forget the horrible events he had just witnessed and started to smile as well for Alice’s happiness.  
The darkness of her past was gone and she would always have the will to live now. Charles felt like he had made his deal with God. He had sacrificed a piece of himself for her wellbeing, he had sacrificed part of his humanity. For in this, Charles would now never again be normal. He had taken in the same horrors that Alice will now never have known, and they would forever be embedded into his mind and his spirit. In a way, he had taken her place, he had traded her spots, because he could take it, he could pay the price for that, knowing that she would never know that pain.
He now was at the point in time where Alice was the same age she was when the accident had taken place. She was sitting inside a coffee shop, softly sipping a latté while quietly reading a book by herself in the corner. Charles was slightly nervous to approach Alice, the girl he loved would no longer remember him or even recognize him. For in Charles actions, he had created a future for Alice were they had never met, and nor would they unless Charles decided to present himself to her.
Charles walked through the door of the coffee shop, many people deeply engaged with their MacBook’s or engaged in conversation with whomever they were with. The air had that bagels and coffee scent that made you want to just relax with a book in a leather chair. He calmly walked through the rest of the shop to the corner where she was sitting, and held out his hand to greet her,
“Hello ma'am, my name is Charles Shepard.” he stood there with his hand extended. Alice was kind of looking at it like he was a crazy person just coming up to her, trying to introduce himself.
“Um, okay, can I help you with something, sir?” Charles glanced back at his hand still unshaken and retracted it in slight disappointment.
“Yes, yes you can. As I was saying my name is Charles Shepard, and I know yours is Alice Hazel. I know everything about you; I know you were adopted because of a tragic house explosion that killed your family. I know that you were born October 21st. I know your whole life and yet I won’t ever get to be a part of it because I loved you more than anything I have ever known and was willing to make the sacrifice to save your entire future.” A small tear rolled down the side of Charles' cheek. He then out reached his hand not seeking a hand shake but to be taken hold of, Alice looked at with a sudden amount of compassion but still very skeptical.
Charles speech had struck a chord in her heart. Who was this man before her that seemed to know so much about her life? It world normally seem creepy, like he must be a stalker but she sensed a man who she had been connected to almost like she had seen him before a really long time ago, not realizing that she actually had once.
“Please, trust me.” Charles said with a still, calm voice that reassured Alice that he was a person who wouldn’t bring her any harm. She reached out her hand and grasped his gently; she was now looking into his eyes, feeling pulled in by this complete stranger  whom she had never felt more safe with and was fighting her instincts to not trust someone she didn’t know. He lifted her out of her seat by her hand, and pulled her closer to him. Alice leaned closely up to Charles ear and said,
“Why do I trust you?” The calmness in the air between them seemed to resonate a sudden unity on both their parts. Charles eyes began to glow a fiery blue as the God Magic began to activate.
 Charles whispered back. “Let me show you.” They both were teleported at that moment to a place among the stars in space. The conditions would normally kill any individual from temperature and zero oxygen level, but such small things didn’t matter to Charles and anybody he wanted to protect. Alice looked around in complete wonder and marvel at the setting before them. Galaxies and star systems were all about them with the powerful warmth of the sun nearby. Alice’s beautiful dark hair floated freely in the gravity-less void as Charles stared at her with deep infatuation. Alice smiled at him and he smiled back. When he did, she felt something familiar again but could not put a finger on it.
“How is this possible?” Alice asked with amazement and shock on her face.
“It’s not worth taking the time to explain, the only thing you need concern yourself with is if you will have this one dance with me?” Charles holding out his hand to her once more, she didn't need to answer him with words, for her smile was answer enough by itself. She quickly grabbed his hand, to accept this once in lifetime offer. A man who could show her the deep, dark, beautiful depths of the universe was giving her a chance to dance among the stars, to experience the heavens that have not been seen, with him.
They dance almost as small children might have, uncoordinated, unprepared. They soared about the planets in their dance, for the solar system was their playground and the planets their play sets. Charles brought Alice onto the rings of Saturn to use as a dance floor, for a moment they danced there, with the planets and sun in the foreground, their eyes stayed locked into each others.
Charles kicked off the ring and signaled for Alice to follow him, he then started to soar, quickly forcing her to chase after him, like they were engaging in a game of tag. He sailed about and through the gassy depths of many planets she chased him to the very edge of the solar system, and around Pluto. Their laughter filled the air, as they played around such amazing scenery.
Charles then brought Alice much closer to the sun. As it blazed next to them, they stared deeply into each others eyes with her hair continuously floating about; their eyes began to slowly close and their lips softly met into a gentle and passionate kiss. This moment was all Charles asked for in his heart, this one time, this one last experience with his hearts greatest love. Alice slowly pulled away and looked at him with amazement.
Then said.“But who are you?” Charles softly smiled once more, and then Alice finally caught it, a fragmented memory from her early life, the man who came in her room and took her away from her troubled home, she then responded from the memory. “Are you my Guardian angel?” Charles softly chuckled and shook his head, then kissed her once more on the cheek. He knew it was time to end this moment, for it was not meant to last.










Chapter VI: Lost in translation
	Charles teleported back to earth, to the coffee shop from before, no one around them even noticed them appear. With his powers, he didn’t have to worry about it, all he had to do is conceal it from anyone’s mind with his. For he had the power of a God, and all was connected to him. It was like if God was a computer network, and Charles had hacked into that network to use it, the greatest hacking in human history. Alice seemed slightly puzzled as to why Charles had brought her back so soon, but to her Charles was still a man of mystery to her, a comforting stranger.
	“You, you were the man who saved me from the house explosion as a small child, you looked exactly the same then. Who are you, how did we just take a walk around the solar system as if we were taking a walk around the park. Why me, why am I important to someone as powerful and amazing as you?” Charles looked at the ground for a moment, wasn’t quite sure how many of those questions he should answer. He loved Alice, but in order to ensure her from re-engaging with her old past, he could not tell her all the reasons.
	“I am merely a person, and why you? Well, you are a much better person than I could be. You have always had hope for people beyond what I could have, you saw the best in them and stuck with it. You see, I knew you in another life. I loved you in another life, and I wanted this one moment to share with you and cherish.” She was looking slightly more puzzled than before, and responded with more questioning
	“Why not cherish a life time? No, with your power why not an eternity? We could go live among the stars and not worry about a thing! I would be willing to get to know you; I would be willing to give you that chance.” Charles swallowed and took a deep breath. It was getting harder for him to say what needed to be said, and as he tried to another tear began to roll down the side of his cheek.
“I would wish that yes, but even with all my power, in doing so I couldn’t be fully honest to you about some things for your own wellbeing. We couldn’t last with true love without full honesty between us, it just wouldn’t work.” Charles hands were trembling, for the impact of this statement was unbearable for him. Alice wiped the tears from his face and took his hand to stop it from shaking.
As she looked into his eyes, she understood what he said and tried to accept it with a bitter-sweet reaction. She knew in the depths of her heart that Charles was not only a good man, but would only do good on her behalf. She herself was now trying to fight back tears. “Is life always so cruel?” Alice asked, Charles looked back at her and shook his head.
“No, it’s usually much worse, much crueler than this. Today, I evened the odds and made things better than they were.”
“But I don’t even have anything to remember you by Charles.” He reached into his shirt and pulled out a chain hanging around his neck that had Alice’s diamond engagement ring on it, and the wedding band that Charles was going to use for their wedding. He then put it around her neck; she looked at it realizing the even more important significance to their relationship in the other life he spoke of.
“I think this ought to do it.” Alice was speechless as she looked at him, tears began to freely pour down her face. Charles embraced her as tightly as he could, and then planted one last kiss against her lips. He stepped back, snapped his fingers, and disappeared. Alice stood in the midst of the small coffee shop, the world seemed to tick around her like a clock, but she was not moved by it. All she was had been changed in a moment, a lot more than she even knew.
Charles had now done everything he had set out to do; he had saved Alice from the horrible fate of her past. He had gotten to spend one moment with her, happy and trouble free beyond anything anyone would get to experience. But now he had a great void inside his heart, and his head and thoughts had spun with more questions than ever before. With his power he now could have everything he would ever want, yet his life felt completely meaningless.
He sat on the surface of the sun, staring out like it was a warm grassy hill side in the morning. His thoughts were deeply consumed by all the darkness and evil that Alice had originally gone through. He wondered why people would have to go through such hardships, why did evil have to exist? What meaning was there to this universe, or was there any? Was the concept of meaning an illusion?
Charles deeply sought meaning, he wanted it to exist but he was struggling to see it. All seemed like chance, with little to no hope of anything special beyond that. He felt like now, with all these powers he possessed, he could truly find the answers he was seeking. At least, he had the best chance out of anyone. But where to start?  He wondered. There were so many events in history, so many places he could go.
But it seemed rather simple, and yet obvious answer to him, where he needed to go in time for his answers, to truly understand anything, you must first understand its origins. For those who fail to learn from history are certainly doomed to repeat it, he had to go to the very beginning of time. He needed to witness the worlds beginning at the very edges of time and existence.  
Charles conjured a very powerful Blue sigil and pressed several symbols. When he did so, he started to thrust backwards in time at an extremely fast rate of speed. As he sped through time generations came and went, empires rose and fell, history was un-writing itself before his eyes. Thousands of years melted away, as he went backwards.  Then suddenly everything became darker than he had ever experienced, blacker than the deepest sleep. The sun had disappeared from its setting among all the other stars, his sigil had stopped the moving time any further backwards. Charles now stood in the depths of darkness, on the edge of time, he waited for a moment. There was anticipation in his heart, what would the unknown bring?
The scariest silence he had ever heard echoed motionless about him, there simply was nothing. Then suddenly, the most powerful voice Charles had ever heard spoke in a language that was completely foreign to anything his ears had ever heard.  It was so mighty and loud, he felt if he was anywhere in the universe he still would have heard it, the very sound waves shook him like an earth quake.
 As the voice finished speaking what seemed to be a mere hand-full of words, Charles paused to brace himself from the mere shock of the experience. But he wasn’t prepared for any of it, as soon as the voice had stopped a sudden bright light formed and in the distance what seemed to be a sad mess of a planet. It was nothing, hardly what one could describe as a planet, just a clump of rock that wasn’t even quite hanging together. This wasn’t what Charles had expected to see, things shouldn’t just appear, there is always a process of some kind.
In anxiousness of the moment, Charles started to speed up time but just a little to see what might happen next. After a brief moment, the mighty voice spoke powerfully again. He then saw an atmosphere forming about the rugged mess of a planet, there was nothing producing the atmosphere it was simply and surprisingly just forming itself.
Charles was in disbelief he had always been skeptical of the big bang theory, but this, this was a child’s tale from a story book. “It couldn’t be this.” he thought to himself. As the next forty eight hours went by, the voice spoke twice more. The first time, earth and water with tree life formed and spouted upon the planet. The second time was more wide scale; The sun and the planets formed about the midst of Charles. He watched the stars appear in the distance, as if someone was just hanging them about, like one might hang lights on a Christmas tree.
Charles teleported in close into the planet’s atmosphere to see what was going on in detail. The fifth time, the voice shook him; for it was a thunderous voice and it never lost its potency. Charles didn’t see anything happening at the moment, but as he walked slowly up to a river in front of him, he looked down to see a bass forming underwater. Its bones appeared and then its organs and tissue then it completed itself with its fishy scales. As he looked back up, he saw many birds flying around in the air, some eagles were near him with massive wingspans bigger than a small aircraft.
Charles snapped his fingers to let time flow normally, he was in awe of the freshness of the planet. It was like that new car smell that he had never experienced. The oxygen was thicker than anything he had ever breathed; he walked around to take in the beauty of this new planet. There were nearby mountains that were already blanketed with snow, a peaceful lake at the base of the mountain. Charles calmly stepped out onto the water, it supported his feet just fine as he softly walked across it, a small ripple of water bounced outwards.
He looked down and saw the lake teeming with more fish life than he had ever seen in a book or a picture. The water was perfectly clear with the new sun shining brightly into it, it was like looking through glass window. He had never seen such beauty in his entire life, the world was perfect and peaceful. Charles floated slowly through the air back to the shore; he stuck his hands on top of his head in frustration, confusion, and love of the entire experience.
He then snapped his finger speeding time back up, it was this day he would struggle with the most. Charles would not want to accept the truth of what was coming, and it was coming regardless. The voice spoke as the sun rose on this next day, Charles watched as a skeletal system of a deer appeared and organs and muscles formed about it. Charles was once more in amazement, this was far from the evolutionary process. It was much more like someone was creating the animals, snapping them into place with magic. Charles then flew into the air at great speed and went to a further part of the planet that was filled with plant life.
He knew that for some reason he needed to be here but didn’t know why. Something in his power was drawing him to this place. He landed in a forest that was abundant with fruit and vegetation and was full of animal life. Charles looked around to see if there was anything going on. He didn’t see anything immediately so he walked around for a moment, and he suddenly stopped in his tracks.
To his shock, something was raising from a pile of mud, the mud itself had rose into the air and started to take a humanoid shape. Charles was now at the emotional and intellectual point of not accepting this. He threw his hands forward and formed an entire wall of round, God Magic sigils; he funneled all his power into it. He didn’t believe in this, he wasn’t going to. He was going to stop this lie from happening, the only thought in his head. As he threw his hands towards the now forming human he shouted,
“NOOOOOO!!! IT’S NOT REAL!” The magical sigil shield only lasted about ten seconds before a giant crack shot through it and then it shattered, blowing Charles about ten feet backwards. He picked himself off the ground, to see a perfectly formed, naked, male human lying on the ground before him. There was a strong breeze of air that was a visible mist that went into the man’s mouth like something was funneling it into him.
As his chest began to move back and forth, Charles fell to his knees. He didn’t know what to think or say, or even what to feel, about the ineffectiveness of his power against the event of the moment.
His head hung low, he began to raise it but before the chance was given to him, he was suddenly, to his shock, ripped from the place he was. He felt as if he was being pulled through time, space, and other dimensions.
As that event came to a stop Charles found himself in outer space again. This time, there was something much different though, there was someone with him. A man in the distance who had on a sporty looking black suit and long coat that looked like it rained came from fashion in London in the eighteen hundreds. He started to walk towards Charles. As he got a better look at the man, he had simple black hair and a bit of a go-tee that wasn’t fully connected at the sides.
“Hello Charles, it’s good to finally meet you.” said the man with an accent that fit his appearance; he held his hand behind his back linked together suggesting he wasn’t a touchy, emotional person. But Charles saw little reason to use psychology to get a fix on the man that was walking about outer space with him.
“Who are you, how did you bring me here? My algorithm is flawless no one should be able to touch me with any power.” The man smirked at him.
“Well I don’t think my name is nearly that important, I am… Mr. White you may call me that if you want. As for your algorithm, I am no mathematician. No, I think you should see me merely as your tour guide, someone to help you find your way.”
“And what way is it, you think I need to be finding… Mr. White?” Charles finished that last part with a condescending tone as he replied.
“Well, you seemed to be a man on a journey, you’re looking for something. You’re looking for depth, something even greater than yourself. And even I know, that’s saying a lot, because I have seen what you have accomplished with your mathematical tricks. Meaning is: What you’re searching for, is it not for the purpose to our existence? Absolute reason, a man like yourself demands no less.”
“Perhaps you're right, I have been through many trials in life; seen much blood and evil already. But I feel like there shouldn’t be such pain, why is there so much darkness? Why is there so much hurt? Do we even deserve to have free will? And if God does exist and He is righteous and good like He says He is, then how can He allow these things to happen? Why give us the chance to even choose?” Charles pushed the questions sternly. The man took a step closer towards Charles to emphasize his reply.
“Well, you certainly won’t find that answer at the beginning, though I imagine that will help give you some perspective as to the gravity of our existence. But perhaps you have not seen enough blood. Maybe to understand your own questions that you are asking, you should look to one of humanities greatest struggles, its struggle for freedom. Maybe then you can finally see why free will is more than just important to the meaning of our being, it’s an absolutely vital to our existence.”  The mysterious man turned around and walked away into space and disappeared almost before Charles could even say a single word.
Charles didn’t really give the fact that there was a man that just came out of nowhere to greet him much thought now. Either Charles had gone mad and was seeing things or it was quite a real experience; though he was much more fixated on Mr.  White’s words. He thought if he was going to have to try to understand man’s struggle for freedom better, then he should probably go to a war, and what better war than the American civil war?  It seemed like the best choice to Charles, so standing amongst the stars, he held out his hand and made his calculations with his power, then he was gone.
.   .   .   .
The door to Charles house slowly creaked open as the footsteps of Edgar Price echoed against the floor. He stopped dead in the middle of a perfect circle of white boards on stands. All of Charles variables, all of his work around him, he glanced over at the machine that was in the room, the look on his face suggested he assumed Charles had made it work. He then looked about the white boards, he slowly walked towards the one that said morality, he began to wipe the board clean. He then simply put a large question mark upon it…


Chapter VII: The Fearless Fight For Freedom
The gloomy clouds lurked above in the morning sky; fresh dew had blanketed the massive field of tents, stretching for what seemed like miles. This was what Charles could make out, as he peeked out one of the tents he had transported himself to. He was in an Union Army encampment. He figured that was probably the side of the fight that he should be on. He needed to change his appearance so he didn’t stick out. This wouldn’t be any problem for him with his powers; but he didn’t want to look like the average soldier either.
Charles snapped his fingers and the illuminating blue magical rings transformed his clothes into a lieutenant’s uniform with a nice sword hanging on his gun belt, with a single action revolver on it. He figured that he didn’t want to be too high of an officer to draw need of him from others. With this he should be able to move around and learn about the encampment all he wanted to.  Charles walked out of the tent, he glanced around for a moment and looked for the higher ranks tents. He wanted to get a feel for the battles and what stage the war was at, if he could see the maps and battle strategies he might know better.
The sun began to peek through the clouds a little bit; but there was still a lot of fog making it hard to figure out where the ranking officer’s tents were. Charles walked through the muddy encampment for several minutes with the spurs of his boots rattling as he did so. He bumped into another soldier who wasn’t paying much attention to what he was doing. The soldier suddenly got a frightened look on his face when he saw the lieutenant marks on Charles' uniform.  “I’m so sorry, Lieutenant! I didn’t see you there, is there anything I can do for you sir?” The man quickly apologized.
“No that’s fine, actually I’ve seem to have gotten turned around. Could you manage to point me in the direction of the generals tent.”
“Uh, yeah sure.” The young man seemed mildly confused at first, since Charles didn’t know where he was, but he seemed happier that Charles hadn’t laid into him for nearly knocking him down. This suggested to Charles that most officers at the encampment must be too tough to be nice types that didn’t treat there men very well. Which in the end couldn’t help the moral too well and one could only imagine how that would affect their battles. As the young soldier led Charles, he started a bit of small talk with him, “What’s your name Son?”
“It’s Jason, sir.”
“Well, Jason, where are you from?”  Charles asked as they passed a surgical tent with men being operated on.
“Well, I’m from Indiana sir, born and raised there.” Charles could hear the screams of a man pierce his ears from the tent, he looked over to see them sawing off the poor lads leg. Blood was pouring in every direction and the smell of death lurked in the air.
“So, how are you handling being a soldier? It’s pretty tough when one has to get down to this level of grit, taking other  men’s lives for a cause we pray is worth the price of our blood and our brothers blood.” The grim look of reality in the statement he just said spread across Jason’s face.
“Sir, I don’t know what to say about all this mess, I just simply try to do my best  of what is asked of me.”  Charles nodded in acknowledgment of the young man’s reply,
	“Often times, that is what defines us, of who we are, when you are willing to serve no matter the cost, when you know it’s right. That one day will make you into a great leader and a powerful soldier.” He had almost got Jason to smile, yet it was still too grim around there for that. Charles could see other soldier’s playing cards and trading food and tobacco as they walked past more tents in the encampment.
“That’s the one; right over there” Jason pointed at the tent up ahead.
“Ah, yes, that’s right, now I remember, well thank you for your help; you're free to go back to your quarters if you’d like.”
As Charles walked forward, the front of the tent was opened up with a table inside it. Charles could see several high ranking officers aggressively arguing over something. One of the men had several stars going across his shoulders; he seemed to be frustrated with the current situation.
“We might be able to pull off a counter offensive, but I need more men, damn it!” Charles was inching in closer and closer to hear more, but he soon was startled by the shouting of a man, riding a horse through the encampment, towards the tent. He couldn’t quite make out what the man was shouting.
By the time the man had made it to the tent, jumped off his steed and running into the tent, he was breathing heavily. “Catch your breath, soldier.” One of the officers said. the soldier wheezed as he tried to spit out the words; as they seemed so dire to him that it didn’t matter if he died as long as he got these words out.
“Con…… con…federates.. other side of the forest… readying for attack… they know were here, they mean to ambush us, sir.” Frightened, stern looks spread across the officers' faces, they exchanged looks of concern. Another soldier brought the messenger from the horse a canteen of water, the man gulped some of the water. “They outnumber us and they have artillery; we don’t have enough time, sir.”
“Good scouting soldier, send word to form a counter offensive immediately, form ranks facing the forest while there’s still time to.” said one of the high ranking generals.
“That’s foolish! We should retreat! We don’t have enough time to form an offensive.” Shouted another officer.
“No! they're expecting us to be off guard. They will be unprepared that we will be aware of their attack and it is enough to throw them off balance. Now rally the troops to gather at the edge of the forest immediately! Before you end up being right, Commander.” His resolve suggested he knew the risk and was willing to take it for the sake of the needed victory.
Men went running out, shouting orders to form up and move out. Stuck in the middle of thousands of men scurrying to war was an experience that was both frightening and exciting for Charles. He had never been one to start fights except on an intellectual level, yet Charles always had believed in fighting for what he thought was right and was far from a pacifist. Perhaps if he experienced the fight firsthand it might bring a new perspective for him.
So, instead of sitting on the side lines Charles began to look for himself a horse and a rifle to use. Charles saw a rifle in the tent next to him and quickly grabbed it, the horse of the messenger was still there. He jumped up on the brown colored beast that seemed to be rather spirited, but Charles had no problem dealing with a horse, it wasn’t his first time on one.
The union soldiers were now all almost out of the encampment running into the nearby eastern forest with their muzzle loaders ready to fire. Charles' horse galloped towards them quickly to get in the group with the rest of them. He wondered to himself if this was too dangerous? Were his powers enough to protect him all the time? What if he wasn’t paying enough attention and a stray bullet caught him? No matter what, he figured it was worth the risk to experience this battle first hand as a soldier.
“Quiet down men, they must not hear us or know we are here.”  This was being relayed down the line of men now hiding amongst the trees; ambush their ambush a rather bold move on the general’s part but a clever one. But the exact numbers of enemy forces were still unknown and their amount of supplies and artillery was unknown as well, which made the overall move very risky.
Charles hid the site of himself on his horse behind a formation of rocks, in a creek bed with a few other soldiers; silence was falling about the army of men. Now, they just had to wait until the time was right. Charles looked down at the many men hiding with him, a couple of them seemed really nervous, their hands were shaking while clinging to their rifles. Charles whispered softly to them,
“Easy now, stay calm, focus, it will keep you alive, I got your back.” The words the Charles spoke were like medicine for the men's moral, they felt comforted that he not only had faith in them, but said he was ready to protect them in the battle to come. The men nodded at Charles in acknowledgment to his statement, Charles himself took a deep breath to keep himself steady.
 Amidst the complete silence of the forest, in the distance, the men could start to hear the sound of dried leaves crunching under footsteps, and some soft mumbled voices started to echo about. Charles and his men looked nervously at each other,
“This is it, steady your aim, make your shots count.” Charles whispered to them, one of the men looked more focused, calm and determined than he had seen out of many other men in the encampment. He could tell that this man knew and believed what he fought for and did it with selfless passion. His eyes spoke more truth than the rest of his body language.
The sudden sound of a twig snapping was heard nearly right next to them, they all turned to see a confederate clothed soldier calmly walking by them. One of the soldiers quickly pulled a knife and slit the confederates throat and dragging him back behind the rocks,
“Yankees! Yankees behind the trees!” someone was yelling in the distance. That was it, their cover was blown. The union army sprang their ambush at that moment, it was close enough for them to still get the drop on a large portion of the confederate army.
“Attack! Fire at will!”  shouted an officer,
A hail of gunfire erupted, as lead balls rained down with deadly force upon the two armies. It was like a fierce storm that you didn’t want to get caught in because this storm was very deadly. Charles tried to keep his composure and to not let panic take him, after he took his first shot with the rifle he dropped it. He then pulled out his pistol and was taking shots at confederates and hitting them with amazing accuracy. His power had given him a new sense of awareness about himself and his surroundings that made his shots perfect, his focus flawless.
His horse galloped out of the creek bed pushing the enemy back with his frightening accuracy of his handgun, his men started pushing forward with him. They  fought with a new source of rage in their eyes that Charles hadn’t seen prior to the battle; it was like battle transformed their hearts, off the field they we normal frightened men, on it they were lords of death.
The speed of their bayonets was like scorpion stingers as they worked from tree to tree reloading with great speed. Charles had sensed that he had created some kind of aura that had given them strength, courage, and speed. His powers were more than his own if he wanted, like giving Alice the ability to survive space, he had subconsciously done something similar with these men.  “Keep pushing, bring the battle to them!” yelled Charles.
As he and his men were pushing forward, a sudden thundering of explosions from the distance erupted. The sound of the large, heavy projectile flying through the air seemed to rule their fate without mercy. Everything began to slow down in Charles mind as he slowly glanced over, before he had a chance to even think he was watching one of his men explode as a cannon ball landed right in his area.
“Artillery! They have their artillery set up! Retreat back to the creek bed for co…” Charles orders were cut short as another explosion rocked right next to him' killing his horse and throwing him off it.
His ears were ringing louder than any church bells could have, dirt and horse blood was all over him with his face in the ground. Charles struggled to stand, his focus was shaky, such trauma was making his mind flashback to the car accident. Come on, focus!, he thought to himself. He had to get it together, one of his men came running towards him and grabbed him.
“Come on, get up sir! Your men need you; the enemy is making their push back.” A surge of adrenaline hit Charles square between the eyes; he jumped to his feet and grabbed the rifle next to him from the dead soldier.
“We need to retreat to the creek bed, from there we can fight them from a place of cover, if we don’t were all dead.”
“Right, fallback to the creek!” The soldier relayed Charles orders for him, he and Charles started sprinting back for the creek. Cannon explosions erupted around them, some coming dangerously close covering them in layers of dirt and debris. Running that hard made Charles feel like there was iron weighing down on his lungs, if he didn’t keep his focus he would be nearly mortal.
As he and the other soldier made it to the creek bed they both went to jump into it and another explosion rocked right behind them as they did so. The explosion helped push them into the creek bed, they got on their feet and tried to get some cover. Charles was trying to focus and get his breathing under control; his men were reloading and trying to get formidable positions.
As Charles closed his eyes he simply thought with his mind to reload his weapons, to bring calm focus, to create an invisible protective barrier for him in the battle. His eyes shot back open, this was it, he could feel it with his powers. The enemy was about five seconds from jumping into the creek bed, his men were unprepared they were still reloading. Charles had to buy them some time, even if it meant using his powers in front of them; he wasn’t going to let these men die.
As the confederates were jumping over into the creek, everything became slow motion for Charles. There were about ten men jumping into the creek bed and Charles could sense at least fifteen coming behind them in a minute or less.  He pulled out two single action revolvers; he had conjured the other one, he was trying to save appearances so he didn’t over alter history. If it didn’t matter to him, he would have just blown them all up with his mind and called it a day.
 As their feet landed against the ground, Charles’s revolvers were fixating on them as targets, he had men all around him, confederate and union soldiers. He had to somehow stop the confederates from getting his men on both sides of him. Arms stretched out with one gun in one direction and the other gun in the opposite, Charles squeezed the triggers. His bullets, his form, it was perfect, it was glorious, he was like a viper striking. With each shot, one hit, one kill, his hands cocking the hammers of each revolver with ease, like a little boy playing with a toy gun. Nothing could kill him and he couldn’t miss.
Several of his men were struggling to reload still with confederates training their guns towards them, one of them was right behind one of the men making Charles’s chance for a clear shot nearly impossible. But he had no time he leveled his weapon at what little of the enemies head he could see and pulled the trigger. The bullet whizzed through the air, coming so close to the other soldier’s head it went through his hair and nicked the top of his ear then nailed the enemy straight in the eye.
Several more confederates jumped down right behind him, Charles whooshed around to face the first one; cocking both guns and sticking them almost right into both the man’s eyes. The shots sent pieces of the back of the man’s skull flying through the air, Charles guns were now empty and instead of reloading them; he tossed them down immediately. Another confederate raised his rifle, time was still moving, to Charles, in what felt like slow motion. Charles swung his arm knocking the rifle around in a one eighty from the soldiers hands into Charles', he shot the man directly in the chest then stabbed the other man who was right behind him with the bayonet.
 All the men he just killed in the creek trench, was in less than fifteen seconds even though to Charles it had felt more like several minutes. Some of the men had killed a few of the enemy with their bayonets, but they now were staring in shock and amazement at Charles for his great skill in battle. He could sense other men closing in on their position, it was to dangerous for him to let his men stay in this area.
“Retreat, fall back, this area will get us all killed!” The men didn’t seem to compelled to argue with him, they all grabbed whatever gear and weapons they had and fell back. Charles wanted to get them far enough away to win this battle himself with the powers of God Magic. The artillery must have been pushed forward the cannon fire was now starting to land in the creek trench. It felt like hell raining down, it seemed that all his men were out of sight and the enemy was now upon him.
Charles put his hands in the air to look as if he were surrendering; the enemy soldiers surrounded him with their rifles focused dead on his head. There were five of them around him and more further along the creek bed, Charles slowly closed his eyes to slow his heart beat down and gain focus. “Don’t move!” one of the guards stated, Charles eyes shot open,
“I don’t have to.” Charles looked straight at the man who had shouted at him, and in a split second the man exploded. Blue waves of energy pulsed out of the man from the explosion, the remaining men around Charles all fired the guns at him, each bullet slowing down and stopping around Charles in midair. About a single second of silence and fear echoed with a ring of bullets floating around Charles, then the bullets shot out from him directly hitting each of the soldiers in the head.
Other confederates came running down the trench after Charles, shooting bullets towards him, he slowed down time to dodge several. An incoming cannon round was about to land right where he was, he snapped both his fingers, a blue ring formed underneath of him and catapulted him into the air. He somersaulted over the man that was shooting at him, as he turned around, he formed his hands closely together like a baseball player might do to catch a ball. When he did, he pushed them forward with the blue ring formed about them, it shoved the man sending him flying about sixty feet, landing hard against the ground breaking his back and neck.
“Nooo!” someone nearby yelled, they came running out from the side. It was  one of his fellow soldiers, the man threw himself in front of Charles. A gun shot could be heard from the distance from a marksman, the man had put himself between Charles and the bullet. Charles lifted up his hand towards the man’s back, small blue rings shields formed as the bullet passed through each one it slowed down until it reached the fourth one it had stopped. Charles then sent the bullet flying back to its owner and through his rifle scope.
The man turned to face him, it was the same man at the beginning of battle that had a focused look on his face, he must have decided to stay behind, nearby to cover Charles. They stared at each other intently for a moment; the look on the man’s face was as if he had seen a ghost. “What are you?”
“Never mind that now, you need to get to cover.”
“No, I’m coming with you, I can help. I must help, I want to do my part.”
“I don’t question your strength in battle or the character of your heart but I can’t afford any death on my conscience. I’m going to send you back to the encampment you will be safe there; I will finish the battle.”
“But wait…” Charles clapped his hands together then pushed them out in the man’s direction teleporting him away from battle. There was still artillery raining down consistently, Charles thought it was time to end this for good, this had gone on long enough. He ran out of the creek bed and towards the enemy line as fast as he could, he had caught site of the enemy artillery in the distance on the other side of the tree line. He held out his hand and snapped his fingers in that direction, as they went to send the next volley of cannon fire aimed right at Charles, the cannons misfired and exploded.
“Charge! Charge them, their cannons are misfiring, now is our opportunity!” The union soldiers came charging out from behind trees from which they were taking cover, the enemy had terrified looks on each of their faces. With their cannons failing the advantage in battle had fallen from them. In complete fear and terror, they started to retreat out of the forest as the union army made their advance.






Chapter VIII: Two Sides To Every Coin

	Edgar sat slouched in Charles’s leather chair, his hand on his head and his eyes glaring at the machine across the room from him. His hands fumbled in his pockets and pulled out his cell phone, he hit a single button and it dialed a number. A man on the other end answered in a gritty voice,
	“Hello..” the man momentarily cut short by the sound of coughing and hacking, “It's Edgar Price, he made a break through much greater than we could have ever dreamed of, I’m gathering the material and data now.”
	“What did he come up with? A new kind of bomb, an unlimited energy source? What is it?”
“Let’s just say it will make anyone that ever had anything major to do in science look like a bunch of kindergartener drop outs. I must show you the results in person; I’ll come to you once I have everything I need.” Edgar hung up the phone and put it back in his pocket.
He got up and walked over to the empty white board with the question mark on it, he wiped it clean and began to write an equation on it. After a few minutes, he had finished writing; he looked at it for a second and smirked. He set the marker down and walked over to the God Magic machines mainframe, he slid out the key board and began to redesign the algorithm according to how he saw fit.
It didn’t take him long to change it; he only was making some minor alterations though the repercussions of his actions were far from knowable. Edgar had been deceiving almost everyone around him, especially Charles. Their friendship wasn’t necessarily a lie but it was part of a mission, one that had taken years to come to fruition.
Edgar walked around the house thinking to himself, “Oh how I have waited for this moment, all these years all the things I’ve done and been forced to do, finally I will be my own man.” He leaned over and picked up the empty bottle on the floor, the label across it read TX-38. He crushed the glass vile in his hand tightly until he bled, there was a look of rage and hate on his face; this was an Edgar few people had seen.
He got in his car and started towards the university, as he passed the street lights they started to gleam in his eyes enough to reveal a small tear coming down his face. The car speed down the highway until he had made his way to the school, he parked his car and pulled out his keys to the school doors. He unlocked the door and made his way  around to the hall. He could hear the distant footsteps of the security guard walking the school halls.
He ignored the guard’s presence and quietly made his way to the laboratory, the door was locked and Edgar didn’t have access to the lab anymore than Charles did. Instead, Edgar lacking the grace (of Charles), raised his foot and kicked the door open. To his surprise, it didn’t set any alarms off, though at this point he cared little about that. He began rummaging through all the draws tossing out any vial that wasn’t the one he needed, they smashed on the floor making plenty of noise. He started to throwing entire draws out of the cabinets out of frustration, then he finally saw the little vial of TX-38; the only one left.
As his boots crunched the glass vials on the floor, he looked up to see the campus security guard with his light in his eyes,
“Don’t you move!...Edgar is that you? What on earth is going on here?” The guard seemed confused and tense. He had recognized Edgar since he was one of the staff, but could obviously tell that something wasn’t right.
“Help me… I’m ill, and this lab has the only cure….” Edgar's voice sounded possessed,
“Alright man, let’s get you to the hospital if you’re sick…”  Edgar pulled out a knife and thrust it in the security officers throat. Blood rushed all over Edgar's hands as the guard gurgled on his own blood, he fell to the floor lifeless.
“I said it was the only cure…” Edgar said with an evil snarl on his face.
.   .   .   .
On a distant battlefield, Charles had seemed to have won the battle for the army, but he wasn’t sure if had pulled any meaning out of the experience. He had killed a lot of men, he had felt the thrill and excitement, as well as the fear of battle, but he wanted the deeper meaning behind it all. His mind thought of the man who jumped in front of the bullet for him, he seemed intent on fighting. He must have truly known what he was fighting for he must have seen the meaning and purpose for it. “Perhaps he can show me what drives him.”
Charles was getting ready to teleport back to where he had sent that soldier, but before he did, he saw the same man in the distance running back towards the battlefield. Charles walked over towards the man until he reached him. “Sir.”
“The battle is all but over no need to keep running that way.”
“Almost over, no doubt because someone turned the tide, sir I hope you don’t mind me asking but are you some kind of an angel or something?” Charles broke out into laughter over the question,
“No, I’m no angel, and you can call me Charles. No need to keep calling me sir either, I’m not your superior. How about we take ourselves a walk you and me? I think we both could use some answers.”
“Okay…” They both went off deep into the forest; there were a few large rocks they came to while walking, they each sat down on one of them.
“What’s your name, soldier?”
“It’s Kaleb. Why is it you were out here?”
“Well, that would seem to be the big question wouldn’t it? Why are we here? Well, I have brought you out here to actually ask you a few questions. I would like to get your opinion, your view point on some things.”
“My view point? What is it exactly you want to know that such an individual as powerful as yourself doesn’t know? What is it that you think I know?”
“On the battle field, before the fighting you seemed focused, serious. The look on your face told me something about you. It told me you knew that you could die but that didn’t matter, all that mattered was what you were fighting for. I can tell you believe in what it is you’re fighting for, so what is it that pushes you to fight?”
“Well, you know, I thought a lot about actually joining the confederates, they have a lot of things right in my opinion, that we should let the states keep their power and not unionize; it's dangerous for our country. We probably shouldn’t go down the road of giving all that power to one centralized system, somebody one day could destroy our rights and, God forbid, our constitution with all that power.
“Then why are you fighting for the union army instead of the confederates?”
“Our country was founded on the principal of freedom, the need to be a free man and the gift of the choices we make as free men. But for so long we have turned our backs on that principal and let men from other countries be taken as merchandise and sold and traded about like property or worse like cattle. What does it matter what color their skin is, does that make them any less than us? Were they not born with black skin? It wasn’t their choice any more than it is you or mine what we are born as. But we have a choice to decide who we are on the inside, what actions we do. Whether we let bad deeds and actions go un-punished and let tyranny of freedom for select individuals continue to reign as long as it doesn’t affect us.
“On the battle field, you jumped out in front of that shot for me without hesitation, why die for me, a man you don’t even know?”
 “Simple, I would gladly die for any man that fought for the same reason and causes that I also fight for. You know how you could tell that something drove me by the look on my face; you have the same look as I do. I can tell that you are fighting for a great cause, maybe even greater than one I am fighting for, so I jumped in front of that bullet.”
“But in the end why, what for, is there any real reason to it all? All I see is a universe filled with death suffering and selfish people is there really any point to fight for others when they can and often do, turn around and stab you in the back?”
“Maybe I don’t have all the answers you’re searching for, all this talk does make me think of one of man’s oldest stories for his fight for freedom, though. In the book of Exodus, Moses and the Jewish people fought for their freedom, from the oppression of the Egyptians. They fought in a much different way though.”
“In what way was that?” Charles asked.
 “Well, instead of truly fighting for it themselves, they simply trusted in God and let God fight the Battle for them. God obviously thinks men should be free he gave us freedom at creation.”
“And what if I don’t believe in God?” Kaleb looked sternly at Charles for this remark,
“The look on your face tells me other things, Charles, and the look you just gave me tells me you wish you couldn’t believe in God. Like it somehow might make things simpler for you if there was no God, but ask yourself this: Can you find your answers without a God?”  Charles paused from answering. The soldier had been right and he had no desire to admit it. Charles didn’t want to believe in God, not because he felt like science or academics compelled him not to believe in God, but because if there was a God, Charles hated him for how depraved humanity was.
“Charles, what is it you’re looking for? What are you trying to figure out? You obviously have some deeper questions than just about the freedom of man.”
“Meaning, meaning to all of this mess of existence without your damn God in it.”
“I’m sorry I don’t know what to tell you…” Kaleb walked away, leaving Charles alone with his thoughts, frustration at what Charles didn’t want to hear was grinding at him he was clenching his fist tightly he felt like blowing something up with his mind. He wasn’t going to accept that there was God out there that would let his parents be killed by terrorist that claimed they were doing God’s work. Or let Alice be abused and broken to the point of suicide, how could any good, loving God let that happen?
In the midst of Charles thoughts, he began to slowly walk through the forest to calm himself down, the smog of battle was still floating through the air. The leaves very crisp on the trees in many yellow and red colors on the verge of falling to the ground. Charles felt like he was on more than on a battlefield. That he was fighting for a deeper meaning, but who was it he was fighting on this other battlefield?
 In the midst of his walk, Charles suddenly fell to the ground, he started wheezing heavily he felt extremely faint his heart felt like it was pounding out of his chest. “Was this a side effect of the God Magic?”  Charles thought to himself. Suddenly it stopped. It felt as if something had pulled from Charles power, like a magnetic draw that wanted him somewhere else.
“What in the hell was that…”

.   .   .   .
The lights in Charles house flickered as the rest of the neighborhood went dark, while inside the house steam poured out of the machine as the doors opened up. Edgar Price stepped out of the machine, feeling completely invincible. He had taken the powers of a God.  He walked out the front of Charles house, he lifted up his hand, and a fire orange sigil appeared around his arm, a dark smile grew across his face. Edgar snapped his fingers and Charles house exploded, destroying the machine and all the research with it.
He teleported to outside the university, there was now about a dozen cop cars there. They must have found the body. Edgar had always secretly hated the university, the long elegant hallways always filled with the stench of people who feel as if they were born superior to others. One of the police officers noticed Edgar,
“Mister, this is a crime scene, I’m going to have to ask you to..” Edgar stretched out his hand, the sigil appeared and the officer went flying backwards. The other police officers were drawing their weapons, as they did Edgar grasped his fist and the university compound exploded so massively, it was as if someone had just dropped a bomb on the building. With debris raining down around him he said,
“Don’t worry, I’m leaving officer…” Edgar teleported out of sight.


Chapter IX: Exodus
Charles was sitting on the rings of a random planet with his legs dangling off the edge; his frustration was higher than ever. He had felt like he was no closer to getting any answers, and now he was also worried by this event that might have been a side effect of the algorithm. This was no more encouraging to Charles than a doctor who just cured himself of cancer, to have one of his limbs fall of the next day. He stared at the distant sun, the light of the sun always encouraged Charles. It was a constant, a center that was always there no matter what time he was in. It was his mental compass to remind him he was still human and not some fragment of a person wondering in a timeless void.
He stood up and walked about for a moment, “It’s time to move on, if God is real then His people better have some answers.” he thought. Charles teleported away from that moment to a stone building four thousand years into the past, it was a shabby looking little hut of stone with a wooden table and some other objects that seemed pretty foreign to Charles. The sound from outside was as loud as a hurricane, the commotion from thousands of people bustling about in the streets ways.
Charles changed his cloths to something a little more suited for two thousand B.C. He had used his power to make something to wear, a slightly odd looking tunic with a cloak. He threw up the hood and ventured outside into the sea of people, the city before him was unmistakable to any eye, it even exists in modern day. Egypt’s pyramid’s beamed with beauty, the sun bouncing off their white stone covering, Charles stared in amazement at the site. Hundreds of people were shoving and pushing trying to get through.
The crowd wasn’t a typical busy day crowd; they had carts and bags, camels and donkeys, loads of gold and treasures. This was exactly what Charles timed his arrival for, the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt. The event was powerful in itself, already Charles remembered some Bible scholars believing there was upward of two million Israelites that left out of Egypt. Their Hebrew tongue sounded confusing to Charles at first, like any foreign language sounds to the unlearned ear. Charles focused for a moment, his powers were an archive of knowledge after all, he designed  it to give the user limitless possibilities. The Hebrew words soon started to make perfect sense to him, almost as if he had picked up the TV remote and hitting the audio button to change the language.
	  He let the crowd flow carry him along, he was just along for the ride, or at least he figured that he was. There was much emotion in the air, some people seemed extremely happy, but others seemed rather agitated by the whole situation. The blend created a chaotic atmosphere to be in, children crying and the sounds of mules made quite an unforgettable melody. Charles wondered how long this whole experience would take and if any of it was even worth being a part of. He had been familiar enough with the story of Moses. After all, who hasn’t seen Charles Heston’s classic, the Ten Commandments, or at least been forced to endure a Sunday school lesson as a Child.
	The exodus was liberation, a revolution of the Israelites, but in the story Moses and God are really the only real revolutionaries. Pharaoh is forced to let his best slaves go because of the many plagues God brings to Egypt, including the one that kills his own son. The tale is often mocked by modern day scholars and historians but as for Charles, he actually sees it as one of the most powerful and moving tales given in the Bible. He was still skeptical to say the least, but his skepticism had been shot a lot at the sight of the forming of the universe. He could hardly deny a deity any longer, and he hated that fact.
	They kept on pushing forward out of the city; Charles wanted to get some perspectives from the Israelites. He wanted to know how they felt and thought about this whole ordeal. It was always made out to be a great thing, their freedom being won, but had it been over exaggerated? Had the Israelites really hated being in Egypt that badly, or were they no more than house servants living decent, everyday lives?  The common man’s voice often get overlooked in modern politics, if the same goes for ancient history maybe that affected the way it was recorded. Charles bumped up against a man pushing a cart with his belongings on it.
	“Oh, sorry. Excuse me.”
	“Don’t worry about it, plenty of people have been bumping into me in all this commotion.”
	“Yeah, it’s pretty crazy, do you think all this struggle will be worth it? I mean we have no civilization to go to outside this city.” Charles said.
	“It will definitely be worth it. I don’t know where we are heading, and I don’t know the road, or whether we can even last that long. But I have been beneath the whips and bonds of Egyptians all my life and the very thought of having my own freedom is worth almost any price to pay, wouldn’t you say so brother?”
	“Yeah, freedom sounds pretty good, my friend.” Charles smiled at the man in his reply; it’s odd that some people have never even known what it’s like to have lived one free day. At this moment, he realized how sweet the taste of growing up a free man really was. not one day in his childhood was plagued with someone else dictating what he did, or whether he could go to school instead of doing hard labor.
	The roar of the crowd was becoming more fearsome as the afternoon rolled on. Charles was doing his best to walk faster than the rest of the crowd. He was trying to push ahead to whoever seemed to be leading the lot of them, if he was to truly get to the bottom of what the history books may have left out he needed to see what the leaders among them were saying and how it crossed over with the people.
	Ahead of him he heard a man yelling desperately for help, he could hardly make out what he was saying. People seem to just be passing him by and worrying only about themselves, as Charles got closer to the man he could see his cart’s wheel had broken and all his supplies were on it. His family was desperately attempting to fix the mangled wheel; Charles wouldn’t let any person go without a fair fight. Every man that fought for his own and tried his best to do right and provide for his family deserved a chance. He walked up to the man who was yelling and screaming in frustration at everyone’s lack of generosity.
	“Calm down, sir, I would like to help you, I see that your wagon seems to be broken and you have much that you need it to carry.”
	“YES! AND MY DONKYS CANNOT CARRY BOTH MY FAMILY AND MY SUPLIES! SIMPLY PUT: I MUST HAVE MY CART!”
	“It’s okay sir, please calm down I will help you fix it.”
	“How? It’s completely obliterated, are you a wagon builder or something?” he said,
	“I’m something of sorts.” Charles smirked at the man.  The wagon wheel was quite beyond repair, even for a wagon builder, but Charles didn’t care what the circumstances were trying to pull, he was way past such simple problems.  He glanced about to see around him, everyone was still too occupied to care except the family. He stretched out his hand toward the shattered wagon wheel; the blue light shined from his power and nearly blinded those who were looking. By the time their eyes readjusted their wagon was completely repaired and like brand new. Looks of shock spread across each of the family member’s faces; the father began to weep at Charles feet.
	“You must be an angel of the lord, praise be to God, Who is so great and merciful! I can’t thank you enough!”
	“Please, stand up, there is no need for thanks. I would gladly help any man in need; such faithful people should be more faithful to each other.” Charles extended his hand to the man and pulled him up, the man was speechless. Charles turned around, threw his hood back up, and walked off into the crowd. This had been the third time someone had called Charles an angel and to him it was starting to become unnerving.
	The sun was starting to sink beneath the horizon as the Israelites trekked onward; the need to rest for the massive crowd was growing quickly, for many that had children and elderly with them.  People started to set up tents and shelters for the night, Charles had little need for rest so he was going to wander around the encampment.
	He saw many faces, many different people of different trades and talents all over, a people who so often throughout history had struggled for their identity. One man’s tent looked rather extravagant that he was setting up, Charles curiosity was perked by this and he started to snoop closer. The man seemed to have several men helping him set up, he looked almost as if he had come from money, but that would be ridiculous for an Israelite to have acquired wealth in captivity. Charles decided to engage the man and find out a little about him,
	“Excuse me, you seem to have a rather nice tent you mind me asking how you acquired it?”
 	“My master let me take it when I left, he and I both didn’t want to part ways but he felt that if I must go that I should have the comforts of that similar to my old house.” He said,
“So you liked your master? Do you think that this whole revolution of the people is unnecessary?”
“I certainly don’t think that all Jews have it as bad as they act; and yes my master and I are on the best of terms. He treats me as someone who works for him not as someone who is owned by him. The average day in my master’s house was not that hard, though I imagine it might not be speakable for others. I just wish that there wouldn’t be any danger of discrimination against any remaining Jews or I might actually have stayed.  In addition, Moses implores that it is the will of our God, but I’m not so sure he’s really right on much of anything.”
	“He has worked great wonders, has he not?” at this comment, the man had no reply merely a look of disgust, and began to ignore Charles as he turned his back away from him.  Charles walked onward to a small rock cluster nearby and snuggled himself in between two of the rocks. He had covered himself up with a blanket that he had snagged from Israelite with the fancy tent. After the man had got an attitude with him, Charles really didn’t care if he went cold that night, he had acted with the resemblance of an overly spoiled child who had been told he needed to grow up.
	The night was bitter cold, the desert not only became quite cold at night the rocks that Charles had used as his cove were even colder than that. His mind wondered to a time away from his journey, his thoughts went to Alice and his most precious moments with her.
.   .   .   .
 It was several months before the accident, in early June, the sun was shining brightly with a beautiful blue sky filled with fluffy white clouds. Charles had driven many hours south of the city to the state of Indiana. Alice was still rather confused what Charles was doing but his eccentricities often left her to just be along for the ride. “I still have no clue why we’re here, what the heck is in Indiana that I would want to have anything to do with?” Alice said sternly,
“Just trust me.” Charles replied, there seemed to be nothing except forests now as they were driving along. Charles turned into a local State Park entrance,
“Canyon Run State Park…”  Alice read aloud, “So, we drove all this way for a nature hike?” Charles remained silent, He pulled the car up and parked it in a random spot in the park, he and Alice stepped out and stretched for a moment.
“Alright, follow me.” Alice shaking her head at him, feeling utterly ridiculous, they walked on a trail for a short while, Charles had a map in his hand with an intended destination in his mind. After a few minutes the forest opened up into a massive field, Alice’s mouth nearly dropped open.
The massive field was covered with colorful flowers, there was exotic looking butterflies all over them and flying about in the air. As the sun shone down on the whole scene, the beauty of it was breath taking. Alice walked out in the midst of the flowers as if she was swimming in them, Charles walked up behind her and put his hands on her arms.
 He softly whispered “Close your eyes,” She obeyed him “shut out the fast pace crazy world. Breathe deeply, let this peace fill your soul.” She took a deep breath as she felt his arms leave her, “Now, turn around and open your eyes.” Alice turned around to see Charles standing there in the middle of the flowers down on one knee, he reached out his hand there was a blue butterfly in his palm, it batted its wings and flew off. Underneath it lay a diamond ring, Alice gasp in excited shock. Charles took her hand and said,
“Will you, Alice Jean Hazel, marry me?” She paused for a moment with tears running down her face,
“Of course I will.”
Charles put the ring on her finger and stood up and gave her passionate kiss, he stepped back to look at Alice. The sun shining brightly in her straight, dark brown hair, her green eyes glowed as bright as emeralds, her skin was pure porcelain, and her beauty was marvelous. No model could even contend with her, her body was majestic thin and curvy like any sane man would desire. Charles knew at that moment he had fallen in love with what was just short of a goddess.
.   .   .   .
And with those thoughts, he softly fell asleep, his sleep was rather calm that night. It was his first time sleeping since he had developed his powers. He believed he may not even need sleep, that he may never age a day further due to his powers, but if so would he really want to live forever? Charles didn’t seem to be a man that wanted immortality, he wanted reality, but sometimes you have to be a God to touch reality.
	Morning came quickly; as the sun crept up past the horizon, the massive encampment began to stir. Many were trying to get in a small breakfast before they started moving again. It didn’t take long for the sun to turn the cold night into a scorching hot day. As Charles woke up, he threw the blanket off of himself and started back towards the thick of the encampment. He had started to get much closer to the front of the massive migrating group; he was beginning to greatly desire a conversation with the head man himself. Moses would have either a truthful answer for Charles or a lie; he would offer deep insight or a shallow figment of his own imagination.
	The crowd had begun to move out and was becoming rather hectic once more; Charles was practically pushing through people just to try to get ahead. The dust had clouded the air from the millions of feet that were kicking up dirt from the journey. A migration of masses was without a doubt not a painless experience to say the least. Charles was starting to see looks on faces that was suggesting that their thoughts were saying, “Let’s just throw in the towel. Why did we even try this stupid endeavor?
	The sun was beginning to feel as if it was burning Charles fair skin, sweat had already built up on his forehead. He didn’t feel like putting up with much more of this, he was making a bee line for what he suspected to be the front of the herd of people where he was bound to find Moses. As he struggled to push his way through the crowd, people had begun cursing at him in their Hebrew tongue. Charles had had better receptions but he didn’t feel at home, no one felt at home on the road not even the Israelites.  
	The crowd was beginning to thin and Charles was nearing the front, he began to look around to see if he could see any one of importance. He wasn’t even sure what to look for, Moses would be an older man that’s about all he had to go on. There was one man that looked as if he knew what was going on, an expression not on many faces because no one hardly knew what was going on. Charles walked up to this man and introduced himself, “Hello, my name is Charles, do you know where were actually going?”
	“I am Aaron, and no, I’m not quite sure I do, my brother.”
  “Aaron, why did that name sound so familiar?” Charles thought. It was a name he had heard mentioned from the Bible before, but he was having trouble putting his finger on it. Charles looked at him for a moment longer and it struck him, it was Moses’s brother. This was a great opportunity, Charles was looking to talk to Moses but why not Aaron? He had just as much perspective on this whole situation.
	Charles thoughtfully prepared to play a little devil’s advocate, he wanted to test what Aaron believed, and he wanted to see how far he could stretch his faith in Moses as well as God.
	“So, Aaron, my brother, do you think Moses has any clue what he’s actually doing, leading an entire nation out of their normal habitat? Taking them into the wild with hardly enough food and water to last us maybe a few months if we're really lucky. Is it worth being free just a few moments so we can die in the wilderness tomorrow? Or would have we been better off in captivity for all our lives and at least get the chance to get to eat every night.” Aaron looked back at him not as harshly as Charles was expecting,
	“A well reasoned question, but this is a lot more than just about freedom. If it was, your suggested action about staying in Egypt for food would be worth following. But no this is a about a promise, this is about faith. We are Yahweh’s chosen people, we may even suffer horribly through this but there is a bigger picture, a great purpose. Yes, I have my doubts as well, and sometimes think Moses is a few stocks short of a full bushel. He is my brother after all, but hasn’t he showed us what God is capable of? Are we not the children of Abraham? I have seen him do impossible things in the name of our God, things no Egyptian magician could do because they were the hand of God. Perhaps only time will tell if we have put our faith in the wrong God, but something in my heart something tells me from this moment on, we are shaping the future of the world with the actions of our faith.”
	“Powerful words, you have given me a lot to reflect on, I’m glad we had this conversation.” Charles said and walked onward.





Chapter X: Fire and Water
	A man was shouting loudly riding through the crowd on a camel, his words were hard to distinguish; for he was far off in the distance still. Everyone could tell there was urgency in his message; for as he got closer everyone’s voices quieted and the crowd quickly made way for him.  The man soon began to draw near and as soon as his words were distinguishable Charles heard,
	“Egyptian chariots are fast on are trail! Pharaoh is with them!” He continued shouting the phrase to inform the crowd. But their silence began to turn into panic as fear of the potential slaughter that the Egyptian army might feel fit to exact their revenge with. Screams and commotion became extremely frightful to Charles ears. He began to walk against the crowd in his cloaked appearance, like a looming assassin that no one would know was there. His stealth and speed began to thrive as he slipped through the panic ridden masses; each hole, each opportunity to move faster presented itself to Charles flawlessly.
	Charles thoughts were calm, he slightly wondered to himself what in heaven’s name was he doing here. But instead he was starting to feel at home in a way, as if he had no home. He wasn’t on a journey but a pathway, road of destiny. That there was a great purpose behind all the things that had driven him, as he shot through the crowd they began to dissipate or so it seemed, he was at the very back. He could see, in the distance, the Egyptian army, ridding fast and hard on their chariots, they rode with the desire for blood in their hearts.
	They were gaining ground extremely fast, much faster than the Israelite’s could manage to run. Charles stopped in his tracks as the scouting party of chariots moved on his position. It would be only minutes until they were on him, but Charles stood calm, more in tune with his powers than ever before. As they reached his position, they started to circle around him. They had all their spear trained on him they were ready to attack, ready for blood.
	“Are you surrendering?”  One of the Egyptians said. Charles stood cloaked and silent, his head slightly tilted towards the ground. He lowered himself towards the ground resting one knee in the dirt and his hands and fingers outstretched pressed against the ground. The Egyptians looked at each other mildly puzzled at his behavior. One of the men came forward up close to Charles on his horse and pointed his spear at his head.
	“This fool must be praying to his God for death, lets grant his prayer.” The arm of the man raised to thrust his spear. The first party of Egyptian’s was a hundred men. They were nothing to Charles, as the spear came for his head, one of his hands shot up and grabbed it by the front, pulling it out of the man’s hands. As he did so, many other spears went flying in his direction. He slowed time down in his mind, these men were now mere play things. Charles stabbed the first Egyptian horsemen in the chest with the spear and began to grab the other spears from the air and recast them back towards other horsemen.
	Time snapped back into full speed, and many men lay slain before Charles; several of the horsemen jumped off their horses and drew their swords. There were about five of them circling him, he kicked up a spear from the ground and grabbed it. The swords all converged on him with fierce speed, the spear flipped about deflecting blow after blow. Then the fast jabs went through each of the men’s hearts before they had known what hit them. It was like a hot knife through butter, with the speed of a scorpion’s sting. The five men fell over with blood gushing from their chest and out their mouths, as much as Charles could keep this up he really didn’t want to fight ninety more men, and then the army behind them.
	More Egyptians were getting ready to attack Charles, when he had thrown his hands into the air, a large amount of fire appeared in the clouds that was spinning above them. Charles threw his hands downward as if he was throwing something on the ground. The fire came out of the sky fast and fierce as a bolt of lightning, it slammed into the ground annihilating the scouting party. Charles protected himself with a barrier like force field that shielded him from the raging fires.
	The cloaked figured walked out of the fire with a calm precision, all the Israelites' eyes were focused on the pillar of fire but none manage to notice Charles. He rushed to catch up with the Israelites. He kept the flaming pillar there to protect their escape. Now the mass crowd, that was the entire Jewish nation, was moving with the speed and swiftness of an army instead of a giant group of refugees.
	One of the horses from the men that Charles had killed had ran a little ahead of him and was now softly pacing around. Charles needed a boost, focusing on keeping the pillar up was taking a lot of his energy and he was having trouble keeping up. So he quickly tried to earn the horses trust, the horse was slightly suspicious of him but was not being hostile. Charles reached his hand out and slowly walked up to it then stroked the horse’s neck; he seemed calm enough to him, so Charles then jumped on him.	
	As Charles rode as quickly as he could, the fiery storm followed behind him, the hours melted away for the distance seemed unbearable. He had almost caught up fully with the Israelites, the air had gotten lighter and cooler and the smell of salty ocean water had hit Charles’s nose. As his horse went over the next hill, he was looking over nearly two million people on the sea shore, mountains on both sides of them with nowhere to go.  
	There was no chance of turning back with the Egyptians hot on their tails and no way to go around with the mountain terrain surrounding them. Charles hailed his horse quickly to gallop through the crowd; he was going to try to get to the shore side if he could. Now, Charles was quite aware of the accounts of the Bible: that the red sea had been parted by what the Bible said was the hand of God. Charles wanted to see what was going to transpire; and more than anything he just wanted to see if it really happened. After all, he was not only on a search for answers but also on a search for truth.
	As he got closer, he could hear much commotion, there was yelling and screaming people were getting extremely angry. “Moses you led us out into the middle of nowhere to die!” Said a man,
	“Yeah, we might as well have still been in Egypt making pharaoh’s damn bricks for him! At least we would get to live!” Yelled one woman.
	“Have you just been tricking us this whole time, have no decency in you, is this some kind of sick joke to you?” Another said.
	The elderly man with a wizardly beard was calmly standing there leaning heavily on his staff, his eyes closed. It looked as if he was tuning out the people around him yelling in his face.  He slowly lifted out one of his hands and then roared out with a nearly divine shout,
	“Siiiiillennceee!!!” the crowd grew stiff, as ice cold and quiet enough to where all you could hear were the waves splashing against the shore and the fire rumbling in the pillar behind them. “Do you so quickly doubt the God that has delivered you from the mighty hands of the armies of Egypt? Have you so little faith, People of Israel? Our God will always deliver us in our time of need.” He said,
	Moses walked out to the edge of the shore and held out his hand and staff, as he did so Charles felt his energy drain him and the fire storm that had been protecting them disappeared. The sea that was before them started to churn and shift, the waters flawlessly had split right in front of them creating two giant walls of water and a straight path to the other side. In was unlike anything he had seen, and in some ways too much like everything he had been doing. Whatever Moses had done he was using power just like Charles’s and he had felt it draw from him when he used it.
	Once again, Charles thoughts were puzzled, if he had made a flaw in his algorithm or was this just truly the divine hand of God. But time didn’t allow for his thoughts to worry any more on this, he galloped his horse back to check on the position of the Egyptians. There was a line of dust being kicked up from their Chariots in the far distance, at the current rate it seemed that they wouldn’t have long before they caught up with them maybe even less than a day.
	Charles would do his best to cover their retreat, but with his powers being pulled from him, he now had to fear for his life, as much as the rest of them.
“Move it! They're fast on our tail!” Charles yelled, trying to rally the crowd to move across the sea cut path at a faster pace. The people’s commotion had softened to that of a group running a marathon, with a simple focused goal; get to the other side. The sight of the massive walls of water was enough to inspire any one to move faster than they were capable of, with inspiration for faith in their God, or with fear that they walls of water might soon fall in on them.
The ground was surprisingly dry and smooth, making passage easy for carts camels horses and people. The day was growing late and the sun was setting with the light peering through the water, so you could see much of the water life and sea creatures. The spectacle was very beautiful for any eye to behold. But even though the scenery was pleasant and the pathway was cool from the water breeze, there was no time to set up camp and rest; the enemy was too closely behind them. Pharaoh had vengeance in his heart from the death of his son; and any man on a vendetta didn’t care the cost of his vengeance. He wouldn’t sleep, drink, or eat until he had caught up with the slaves that defied him.
Nightfall had beset them as they were more than half way across the terrain, Charles felt that he needed to part ways with the Israelites, and he had gained much from them. He jumped off his horse and looked around there was a young girl who looked most exhausted out of all the people nearby. He brought the horse over to her, “Here you are, this is a gift for you, young lady.” He said, she looked back confused and thankful.
“Um, I don’t know what to say… thank you.”  Charles smiled and nodded at her,
“Here let me help you up.” he grabbed the young girl and helped push her onto the steed.
“What is your name, so I may pray to God that you and your family be blessed?”
“I’m Charles, but don’t worry about my family I have none…” Charles turned around and walked away into the crowd. Charles found a nearby stone to sit on. The Israelites slowly were fading towards the distance. A slight vibration could be felt in the ground from a nearby force. Dust was being kicked up in the distance on the other side; just like the accounts of the Bible, each event had played out just as it had been recorded Pharaoh had followed them even in between the great sea.
Charles was now just waiting, not sure what to expect out of the rest of his journey, his thoughts clouded with even more confusion. If there was a one true God out there then why did he let him use his power? Charles thought to himself. Charles saw the chariots clearly now, his thoughts would have to wait. He wasn’t going to let them pass, he now, in some weird way, had believed in the nation’s cause, maybe not their God but he at least believed the People deserved their freedom.
He stood up off the stone, pulled the hood over his head. and walked to the center of the pathway to greet the Egyptian army with their own blood. They were gaining ground quickly on him, they were about three hundred yards away. And then, Charles found himself doing something he had never done before in his life he; he began to pray.
“LORD, if you are real then help me, help your people.” The whispered prayer, was soft, simple, and was the first time Charles had felt weak since Alice had died. Now hundreds of chariots with thousands of men behind them were in front of Charles, and he was all that was standing between Pharaoh and his vengeance. Nearly a hundred yards away their spears were drawn, Charles stuck out his hands and the magical rings formed around them, his palms glowing of blue light.
A hurdle of javelins were launched at him, Charles froze them all about half way through the air; all except two. He jumped into the air and grabbed each of them with both arms, but instead of worrying about landing back on his feet he decided to float there. As he hovered ten feet in the air, he raised out one of the spears with an outstretched arm, all the other spears floating in the air turned downward. Before they fully got a chance, the Egyptians were trying to halt their chariots, some rolled over and got trampled trying to do so, right before Charles loosed the spears above their heads.
Like the steel pipes that rained down on Charles and Alice that fateful day, the spears came down like bolts of thunderous death; stabbing and killing hordes of Egyptians.  The chaos had stopped a full on charge at Charles, but not fully stopped the army. Much fog had clouded the view ahead; Charles slowly lowered himself from the air and looked closely in anticipation for more men on the attack.
Two men walked out of the mist with big banners that had some hieroglyphic symbols on them. Then more men could be seen walking forward, these men were different than the other soldiers that Charles had fought. Then one man came forward on a beautiful white horse dressed with a head adornment that only one man in all of Egypt would wear, Pharaoh. His army followed him out of the mist; he slowly walked forward and stopped about thirty feet from Charles.  Charles slowly lowered down on his knees setting his spears on the ground as he did so; he looked back behind him to see that the Israelites had completely cleared the sea’s cut out path.
Charles turned his head back around and smirked at the Pharaoh, who was now about fifteen feet from him. “Looks like you will be reunited with your son today, shame it won’t be in this life though.” Charles stretched his arms out towards each massive wall of water and with his mind, grasped them with telekinesis and pulled them towards himself. The sound and force of the water pouring in on them rivaled that of being underneath the Niagara Falls, Pharaohs face disappeared in white foam in front of Charles eyes.
A force field kept Charles safe from the crushing pressure of the raging sea that was pouring in on top of him, in mere moments the cavern of water had refilled the sea to its original state. Charles was taken aback by the sight of the underwater world, with all the fish and thousands of drowning men beneath the water. It was a beautiful horror, like a dark piece of art with chariot’s, horses, and men with spears sticking out of their chest floating softly through the sea.
The quiet, dark scene shifted out of view from Charles, as he was suddenly pulled in his force field through what must have been a wormhole to what seemed to have been another dimension, once again. The location he arrived at was still underwater, but this time it was in perfectly beautiful blue water. There was a giant coral reef below him like nothing he had ever seen; not even in a book, It was massive and it was teeming with all kinds of exotic fish and sea creatures. In the distance, another force field bubble approached with someone in it, the bubble got closer and closer until it finally connected with Charles’.
The man in front of Charles, was the familiar face of the man who called himself Mr. White; the man he had met not so long after he first got his powers. He had changed much in appearance from the last time Charles seen him. He no longer sported a goatee, and his hair was now a platinum white, his cloths were still exceptionally fashionable in nature , but he now had on a fully white suit that he looked pretty sharp in.
“Would you like to explain yourself, Mr. White?” Charles asked,
“Explain? I thought now would be a good time for a friendly chat. It seems that fate has brought you on quite a perilous journey and you have seen and heard much. Now, I would like to hear what you have learned, and how is it you see the world. Is it darker? Brighter? Does this mess of human life trouble you worse than ever, or are you starting to draw the lines to each of the dots slowly together?” Charles stepped close to the edge of the barrier to look at the sea life swimming about, the thoughts and questions in his head swam also as he gazed off.
“Freedom seems to be worth the price, even if death and suffering are that price. But even so, humanity seems to struggle for a real reason to live any life, including a free one. So, why should I, with these powers, even let the pathetic excuse of creatures we are, continue our sad existence. I feel like no matter how much one person, one people or one nation does, it couldn’t muster enough meaning for an ant to exist, we merely are living to continue existing and it’s not even a pleasurable existence.”
“Charles, you’re beginning to see it, you’re so close to it. So close, but I can’t tell you the answers to these questions. No, if you are a God then you must acquire knowledge on your own, or would a God even need to? Would he not already have all knowledge? Or are you just a smart man in a suit with parlor tricks playing with your daddy’s gun that you stole out of the cabinet? You have gotten to connect, in ways that no mortal man has ever been able to, connect with history, time and creation. But like a rebellious teenager you still refuse to act like you even have a dad, and if you do he isn’t the boss over you.”
Mr. White paused for a moment to try to look intently at Charles. He was staring off so harshly that anyone could tell the words were eating through him like acid on a hard substance. He was nearly trembling, which was probably a mixture of rage and guilt that was weighing down on him now as he stayed silent.
“Charles, you are one of the smartest men I have ever met, if not the smartest that has ever lived, and I have met kings and the men who made bombs to destroy their kingdoms. But if you don’t understand the depth of what you have tapped into; you will be more lost at the end of this charade then when you were when you first started it.”
“Then what should I do to understand?” He said.
“Simply go to the darkest hour of humanity that comes to mind, there you will either find the answer to all your questions... or you will forever be lost in despair.” Charles turned to face Mr. White, but he had already gone from his sight. The sound of the ocean water was soft and simulating, peaceful. How easy it would be to just run from the world and create his own personal paradise, he thought to himself. The portal opened in front of him at the command of his mind, the horrors that waited before him were not that of a story book, not that of anything he could try and doubt.
He clenched his fist tightly; I’m doing this for Alice… No, I’m doing this for me. He stepped forward into the abyss that awaited him, knowing that the blackness he would see would never leave him; that he would now carry the ghost of these sights he was going to behold for the rest of his life.








Chapter XI: The Price of Vengeance

The sun was setting in the distance amongst the hillsides in Scotland, the land was covered in dry green and pale brown grass. Edgar Price appeared, in the distance there was a large estate several hundred yards in front of him. It was a very elegant, beautiful, stone building that had to be at least one hundred and fifty years old. It was two stories tall with a balcony, and the condition of the building was well maintained for its age.
There were two men stationed at the entrance of the building where there was a massive, wooded, double door with wolf heads with rings in their mouths for knocking. Edgar casually walked towards the mansion with his long white coat blowing in the wind. He pulled out black leather gloves and put them on. There was a look of arrogance across his face, he felt the power coursing within him. He wasn’t scared of anyone or anything. He walked up the steps onto the porch of the house and approached the guards, “Edgar Price, I’m here to see the old man.”
“Yes, we were told to expect you. He also said that you would have cargo with you; was he mistaken?”
“Well, I do understand why he may have gotten that impression but he was mistaken. I do not have anything with me. Now, I would very much appreciate it if you would show me in. You do know, I’m a highly valued member of this organization, don’t you?” Edgar seemed impatient and was glaring at the guard for his stupid questions that were beyond his pay grade.
“Of course, Mr. Price, right this way.”  The men opened the large wooden doors that creaked loud enough to be heard through half the house. Inside the décor was composed of old art and swords on the wall, with elegant, dark oak woodwork on nearly every inch of the inside.  The men guided Edgar through the house and up a large spiral stair case. Their footsteps made the old wooden floors creak nearly as bad as the door did.  They walked down a long hall. Men were stationed in nearly every room in the house, as they got near the end of the hall they stopped in front of a door.
“One moment, sir.”  The man slipped in the door, Edgar could see a large, red chair inside the room facing a massive stone fireplace that had a few logs burning in it. The man leaned over the chair,
“Sir, your son is here to see you…”  Edgar walked into the room against the guards respects,
“Father, it has been a while.” The man that stood up, out of the chair was as tall as Edgar was himself with long silver gray hair. He looked to be in rather good health for an older man and had a suit on that Edgar knew had to cost thousands of dollars,
“Edgar, so good to see you again, what has it been five, six years?” his father stuck his hand out to shake,
“Eight.” He said bitterly; ignoring his father’s handshake.
“Well, I guess time has just gotten away from us now hasn’t it, but we're not here to talk about that, now are we? Have you brought the research you were telling me about?”  Edgar stared at his father for a moment,
“No. I have not.” He turned away looking out a large window.
“What do you mean! Is this some kind of joke? Is there or is there not a break through with the Shepard initiative?”
“Oh, there is a break through, quite an unbelievable one actually. He has trumped all expectations.”
“Then where is his work? Where is he?” Edgar turned back around.
“All the research is in here,” he pointed to his head, “As for Shepard, I haven’t the slightest clue, probably drunk as hell on the moon or something.”
“Do you think this is some kind of game Edgar? You think the Order has trained you all these years to just run off and play school with your buddies? This order was formed to better the world! To empower those who were born higher. To shape the course of human history the way we saw fit.”
“You mean the way you saw fit! That’s what everything has ever been about, was you! You didn’t give a damn about mom when she died! All you cared about was your precious Order and this dusty, old tomb you call a house.” Edgar was clenching his fists in anger.
“Son, everything I have built it is for you, I am old. I had the Order raise you; not because I didn’t want you but because the Order needed you. You could do more than I ever could accomplish.”
Edgar turned around again, hardly able to stand the sight of his father, and walked to the other side of the room, his eyes scanned an old set of samurai armor with two swords hung on it.
“Of course, it was about me… haha. You loved me so much that I grew up without friends, without going out and doing things normal people did. No, instead because you loved me so much, I trained and educated myself on how we were to become the Order behind the curtains. Sent me off on some wild goose chase to find the next great mind of our time! The funny thing was I actually ended up kind of liking Charles. He was the closest thing I ever had to real family.”
“Edgar, what happened? What did Shepard do?”
“He did what you could not. He became a God. You wanted your results, I did say I would show them to you didn’t I?” Edgar lifted his hand and the fiery sigil appeared, the katana swords slid out of their sheaths, and floated next to Edgar in the air. His father shock had left him nearly speechless.
“How is this possible..?”
“It’s called the God Magic algorithm, it’s the keycard to the universe, everything you have ever wanted…. And I’m going to take it right out from underneath you.”
“Wha…” One of the swords floated over to the guard in the room and slowly slid into the center of his chest and then slid back out, covered in a fresh layer of blood.
“Edgar! What are you doing!”
“Doing exactly what you taught me to do, taking what is rightfully mine.”
“HELP!” his father screamed as the other katana stabbed right into his father’s throat,  Edgar turned and looked into his father’s eyes as he fell to the floor and gasped for his final breaths. A pool of blood poured onto the floor from his father’s throat. Edgar leaned down and took his gloves off, he stuck his hand in the blood. He scooped up some of it and smeared it on his other hand, as if he was washing his hands in it.
He stepped out of the room, the swords following him faithfully at his sides, Edgar could hear the guards running up the stairs. He placed his bloodstained hands against the walls of the hall way and slowly began to walk, smearing blood as he did so. The guards turned the corner with sub machine guns drawn, as soon as they caught site of Edgar they opened fire on him. Edgars head hung down, almost as if he didn’t care about his attackers; the swords began spinning about in rapid succession cutting and deflecting the bullets that came his way.
The blood smears on the hall suddenly caught fire like gasoline. Edgar lifted his head; his eyes were glowing a fiery red, the swords flew through the air and impaled the two guards. The fire began to spread throughout the house quickly, other guards were running out of different rooms merely trying to get to safety, the swords spun about decapitating several more of the sentry’s.
Edgar walked down the burning stair case, the last guard left was attempting to run out the door. The two katanas flew into the wooden door, the guard slowly turned around. Edgar walked up close to him, the man was trembling fiercely, Edgar stuck his hand on the man’s shoulder and gently pushed him, the man burst into flames and went flying through the door.
Edgar stared at his hand for a moment and clenched his fist, so much rage had been built up inside of him that no one had ever seen. He had always felt unwanted by his father, that he was just another possession to him, and a disappointing one at that. Now he had real power, unstoppable power. He had become more than his father could ever have imagined, and he hated his father for even more for it.
Edgar stood there as the old stone house burnt down around him showering him in the fire. He was immediately in tune with the God Magic, unlike Charles, it was so natural to Edgar. His additional changes perhaps had enhanced it, as Edgar had hoped to do. The fire felt warm, welcoming. The blood dripped off Edgar’s finger tips, and a small tear fell down his enraged face.
“I have a lot more work to do.” he softly said to himself. He then teleported away.
  It was about ten in the morning, the sun was shining brightly through the windows of the oval office, the smell of coffee and corrupt politicians filled the air. The president sat leaned back in his chair with his feet propped up on his desk. Things seemed rather quiet with the exception of the random slurp of coffee. The door went swinging open, one of the presidents aids came running into the room. “Mr. President, you are not going to believe this!”
“No, you really aren’t going to Mr. President…” a chilling voice said from the corner of the room. Edgar was standing with his back leaned against the wall, the secret service immediately opened fire on him. The bullets froze in the air momentarily and flew back into the agents. The president jumped up out of shock, Edgar ran straight at him. When he got to him, he threw a killer punch right into the presidents chest, and he fell over dead.
“I have just killed every major world leader and blown up the United Nations building; I’m sure that is what you were coming to tell your Commander in Chief. Like I told all the other countries; you are now under my command. No debate, no discussion. I can control anything I want with my mind, including your nuclear arsenal. Any attempts to defy me will be met with extreme retaliation. I will need a press conference, this is my world now.”
Edgar walked over to the President's chair and sat down, the aid stood there shaking from severe shock, having no clue what to do. Edgar held up his hand the sigil appeared before him.
“Where are you Charles…”








Chapter XII: Mein Kampf

The clouds darkened the sky, soaking the ground with cold, soft drops of water; the eerie taste of death was in the air. Charles looked down at the uniform that he was wearing now, a pretty average looking black military suit, with a very distinct red arm band on it that bore the most hated symbol now in modern human history.  As much as Charles hated wearing it, he knew it was the only disguise he could use to keep him safe.
The building in front of him was a large, ugly, shabby looking structure; with a few military trucks parked in front of it. There was all kinds of barb wired fencing around the facility, and some random guards stood at the front. Charles walked to the door to get a handle on the situation.
“Hurry up, you're late! The commander sent for help over twenty minutes ago, they’re inside, down the stairs waiting, hail Hitler!” The soldier threw his hand up in the air as he shouted his pledge to his furher. “Hail Hitler.”  Charles softly responded, and then walked through the doorway. The inside of the building look as ugly as the outside, there was hardly anything on the walls, except the poor excuse of creamish like paint. There was a desk to the side of the first room with a bored looking Nazi soldier sitting at it flipping through a magazine.
 “Where the stairs at in this place?” The soldier didn’t even bother to look up at first, when he finally did he had an “are you talking to me” look on his face.
“Oh, uh, yeah down the hall and to the right, should get you to where you want to be.” Charles nodded, and then walked on ahead. There was an awful smell that filled the air in the building, it was enough to make any typical man want to toss his lunch out. He headed down the stairs into the brick walled basement and through the first door, in front of him were three uniformed men, waiting there for him.
“Well, it’s about bloody time! We have been waiting on you to get here. The chamber cleared out more than twenty five minutes ago. You didn’t think these corpses would move themselves did you?”
 Another man spoke up, “But I do say, wouldn’t that be extremely convenient if they did? All right, now that we just killed you, walk your dead Jew corpses on out of here!”  All the men laughed from the joke with the exception of Charles, he could only muster a pretend smirk.
“Alright, alright that’s enough jokes. Let’s get these bodies out of this damned chamber before they start to smell any worse.” One of the men walked up to the door in front of them and pulled the latch, as he swung the door open Charles felt as if he was opening up the gates of hell itself. He took a couple steps into the room to see dead bodies, mostly of old and crippled people. Charles fell to his knees and started gagging and throwing up from the horror and smell.
“Aye, what in the hell is wrong with you, haven’t you done this a dozen times at least before? Surely it’s not bothering you this time.” one of the other soldiers said. Charles held his hand out to kind of signal to the man he was okay.
“Yeah, sorry, I’m fine, just got some bad food in me that’s all, don’t worry about it I’m good now.” The other men looked at each other, doubting the statement but just accepted it anyways. The faces on each of the dead were some of the most memorable sights Charles had ever seen. You could see terror in their eyes, the kind that a man who knows he’s going to die has in them.
“Alright, you, Mr. queasy stomach grab this guy’s legs, if we don’t get this done fast the commander is going to have our heads mounted on his gate posts.” Charles swallowed what spit he had in his mouth and mustered up the strength to throw his honor and dignity out the window. He grabbed the corpses legs and began to move the bodies with the men, they were moving them into the cargo trucks outside one by one. Each one Charles carried left a guilty stain on his heart and could see their face in his mind even after he had thrown them into the truck. After about thirty minutes of physically and emotionally grueling work they finished clearing out the room.
“Alright, as I’m sure you have all heard that the furnaces have been giving us problems and need cleaning out so were taking them to the trench, let’s get going.”
 They separated into the two trucks Charles opened the door of one of them and jumped into the passenger’s seat. The guy with him flipped the keys in the ignition and fired up the vehicle and threw it into drive and pulled out onto the road.
“Would you like a cigarette?” the driver asked, “Thanks I’m not really a smoker, but I think today, I’ll make an exception.” Charles replied
“You seem pretty uptight today….” the soldier paused to get his name. Charles knew he had to give him something that sounded German.
 “Hans” he said. He pulled one of the cigarettes out of the pack with his mouth then handed it over to Charles. He pulled one of the cigarettes out and fiddled with it as his driver lit up his own.
“I didn’t catch your name, by the way?” The man passed the lighter to Charles “Oh yeah, it's Fredrick; pretty boring name if you ask me. My parents named me it after my grandfather some drunken shmuck, why would I want to be named after him?” Charles took the cigarette and lit it and then took a long drag off of it before wheezing and coughing like someone who had just choked on something. Fredrick started laughing at him.
“Man, you really don’t smoke do you? that’s okay by the end of this war we are all probably going to be chain smokers. War drive’s a man to do things that are gritty and out of his nature. Sometimes to cope to the situation, sometimes it’s just what is called of him.”
“Like slaughtering Jews and cripples.” Charles quipped.
 Fredrick look over at Charles not with anger but a sad look of regret on his face, “I didn’t know it was going to be like this…. The war, the army, Hitler. But now to question his orders or methods, to even talk of this is nearly considered treason. Some men it doesn’t bother a lot of them, other men actually enjoy the killing, but I hide it like I’m sure others do, so while they try to crack the occasional joke while turning on the gas chambers.” Fredrick stopped talking for a moment and took a few puffs of his cigarette.
“So men like us, we let it happen out of fear, we would rather murder men, women, hell, we even kill children than stand up in front of Hitler and his dogs and say enough is enough, this is wrong and it must be stopped and you be brought to justice, And why? because we would rather not be killed, we would rather do things so horrible that we will wake up in the middle of the night sweating through the sheets with each of their faces in our minds, haunting us slowly to the point where we realize not anyone, anywhere will forgive us for our crimes. Not now and not for as long as this is in the history books.” Fredrick flicked his cigarette out the truck window, and suddenly got a cold bitter look on his face as he turned to Charles,
“I’ll kill a million of those freaking dirty shmucks if it gets me through this dammed war alive.” Silence followed throughout the rest of the trip. It seemed that man’s animalistic and selfish desire to stay alive helped the holocaust happen. Hitler ruled through fear, like most dictators and that was enough to drive men to kill innocent people. But this infuriated Charles, any man should stand up for what is right; any man should have enough honor to die for that.
It seemed that honor and justice were becoming dated to man, becoming just another system. Charles used to think it was just a problem of his age and his time but he could see it had its origins much further back than he realized, men had no honor. Ever since man has existed, he has been cruel, sick, and selfish, Charles could see it perfectly clear now. He used to lean slightly towards humanistic thinking, that man could eventually fully become good, but now what should he believe in? Charles knew in his thoughts that if he didn’t believe in anything or any real hope that would make him very nihilistic and miserable.
They drove on for a few more miles through a forest until the trees cleared and they reached a large green field that stretched across the distance. There was a single man made ditch spanned across the plane. The trucks backed up against the trench filled with corpses, the smell was a hundred times more intense than that of the gas chamber.  They all hopped out of the trucks and stretched out a bit from the car ride, the sky had started to clear up and the sun was peeking out of the clouds. It would have been a beautiful day if you could ignore the sight and smell of rotting flesh, but instead God just decided to turn on the light in hell, so all could see the horror bright and clear.
“Come on guys, we don’t have all day. We need to get this done so we can get back in time for some dinner.” said one of the soldiers. Charles could hardly stand the smell any longer, it was starting to make him and the other men cough from the stench. They unlatched the doors to the back of the truck and started tossing the bodies out the back of it into the ditch with the thousands of others. It suddenly hit Charles how quickly he gotten caught up in the role, how quickly he had not done anything because he didn’t want them to attack him. And now, here he was just tossing dead Jews, cripples and retards into this pit like discarded garbage.
He knew he had to get his hands dirty, that he had to see the darkest and grittiest that all of humanity had to offer but he didn’t want to put himself in the shoes of the men responsible for it. No, Charles wasn’t that kind of person. He wasn’t one of these scum bags who was more worried about getting supper in time tonight than whether these poor souls had families still out there being hunted down like pigs for the slaughter.
As they were throwing the bodies in the ditch for a few minutes one of the men yelled out, “Hey I got a live one!” Charles heart dropped as he turned around to see a small, half-naked boy, bloody and half dead already, struggling to crawl out of the pile of bodies.  With all the breath that was in him he struggled to say what words he could,
“He…lp.” The soldier pulled his luger from his side and pointed it at the child’s head; they exchanged looks, the boy and the soldier. Then the boy softly shut his eyes and the sound of the gun shot echoed in the field.
“Hans, give me a hand with this little bastard; he is making the pile all uneven.” Charles walked over as calmly as he could and shut the situation out of his mind. As he went to pick the boy up by his shoulders, his head leaned against his hand and soft warm blood poured out, Charles closed his eyes and threw the child.
Charles tried his best to put this experience out of his mind; they carried on for a while longer until they had gotten to the last of them. The men were wiping the sweat off of their foreheads and passing around a canteen of water, taking gulps of it. As one of the men passed it over to Charles he leaned his head back to take a drink of the water, his eyes caught the sight of the blood on his hands. He threw the canteen as he flinched at the site of it, causing all the water in the canteen to pour out on the ground.
“Hey, what in the hell did you do that for, are you crazy or something? Seriously it’s just water not poison. Seriously though, are you okay?” the soldier asked,
“I’m fine.” Charles barely muttered.
“You’ve been acting strange all day. You need to get your head on straight or throw yourself in that ditch if you’re not going to be useful.”  Charles had started to tune out the soldiers words as he was fixated with the blood that covered his hands. He was trembling; shock was setting in from the horror of it all. Fredrick walked up to him and slapped him in the face,
“Get a hold of yourself.” he said, Charles glared back at him in anger with refraining from any reply. While Charles was on the verge of a break down, something else changed the attention of the men. The sound of trucks in the distance caught all of their attention, there were about four of the same type of cargo trucks approaching as the ones they had been using.
“What are they doing here so soon?” asked Fredrick.
“Not the foggiest clue, I thought they were done for the day, must have been wrong.”  The men watched as the trucks drove up, German soldiers came jumping out with machine guns in their hands. They started shouting and unlatching the back of their trucks.
“Move it, move it, out I said!” yelled one of the soldiers pointing his gun inside the truck. Men, woman, and children all came pouring out the back screaming, some falling over one another in fear and struggle to get out of the truck fast enough.
“What’s going on here?” asked Fredrick.
“Problems with the gas chambers and we have no room to deal with these Jewish pigs any longer, we're going to have to liquidate them the old fashion way.”
They began lining the Jews up in a bad excuse of a line right in front of the pit, one of the other men walked over to one the trucks grabbed four machine guns out of it. He started handing them to the other soldier and Charles.
“Come on, we need to hurry up and get this done.” All the men began chambering the guns, the sounds of them being cocked was like the mechanical last breath to the innocent people that stood before them. Charles stood their holding the machine gun, he wouldn’t do this, he had seen enough, he knew what humanity was and he was sick of it. He wasn’t about to just let these people be slaughtered on the whim of a mad man with a bad mustache.
“Ready! Aim! Fire!”
Charles teleported in front of the firing squad of Germans and raised his hand in front of them as their bullets tore through the air, they stopped dead before Charles. Each of the soldiers had continued to shoot their machine guns until they had fully emptied their clips. The wall of floating bullets created looks of panic on the faces ahead of Charles, the Jews behind him were couched down from fear of being riddled with lead.
Charles stood there with fire in his eyes, they glowed red as blood, garbed in his Nazi uniform, hat and all.  He slowly turned the bullets around then he released them back at the soldiers, the ground around Charles started to catch fire. He began to blow up the trucks with his mind as the men were trying to run behind them for cover, the ground began to quake. His fury was fully unleashed the rest of the German soldiers just started exploding and bursting in to flame. Charles couldn’t take it anymore, He hated everything, all of humanity had done nothing but shown him how pathetic we were, how tragic we were, how sick and evil we could be, he wanted it all to end. He shouted with all of his might,
“WE DON’T DESERVE TO EXIST!”
An explosion of nuclear magnitude erupted from where he was standing; the ring of fire spread in all directions nearly incinerating everything it touched. It was like a tidal wave of fire so massive it could be seen from space, as it slowly engulfed the entire planet killing ever last living person, animal and insect. As the explosion settled it left a barren lifeless wasteland behind it.







Chapter XIII:
 I Have Become Death: Destroyer of Worlds. 
	The barren plains lay cold with ashes blanketing them like a fresh snow of human remains. The sky thick with smog in some parts and clear as glass in others. The oceans, seas, and lakes sat empty and dried up from the heat of the great blast. The only smell left on the planet was that of burnt soot. Earth had become a planet of death, and Charles had become the king over that death. He had done the extreme, he had done the unthinkable, he had  chosen to erase humanity from universe, for the sake of decency.
	Charles could see no reason for humanity to exist.  If all humans did was create pain and misery then he didn’t think humanity had a right to exist. But were these not human ideas? What rights a man had, what was pain and suffering? Hadn’t men made these definitions? Charles head swam with thoughts of philosophy on what was right and what was wrong. Where did the notion even come from? Men? Then right and wrong would merely be what man chose for it to be. Shakespeare once said that that there was no right and wrong but a man’s thinking makes it so. Surely that wasn’t true, there had to be a reason men felt compelled to consider some things just and others unjust. But Charles knew his thinking pointed to the need of a deity, a God who created a bunch of sad miserable creatures called human beings.
	Charles cast his thoughts aside as he sat atop the Brooklyn Bridge on the edge with his feet dangling down, burnt and mangled cables of the bridge were mostly intact. The view below him was a quiet drop, not only was he atop the cable supporting column of the bridge the river bed below him was empty of water but full of rocks and soot. The sun was peering through the black clouds illuminating the dead burnt city before him. Great towers that stood thousands of feet high were now the testimonies and sepulchers to rich dead men.
 The empire state building would make a great tomb stone for this planet. Charles thought.
He stood up from his perch high atop the bridge, he ran then jumped and slid down the giant cable with his feet like he was snowboarding across it. As he got near the bottom he catapulted himself into the air and soared hundreds of feet until he slammed into the top of a building. The landing smashed the surface around him nearly collapsing the roof but he was just fine. The world was his play ground and no other kids were there to bully him from getting to play on it. He began running and hopping from rooftop to rooftop like some sort of super hero might do in a comic book, he worked his way through the city until he reached the colossus that stood tall before him.
	Standing over a thousand feet tall, over a hundred thousand pounds of steal the tower was the tallest structure in the world at that time, and now possibly forever. The empire state building’s name seem rather suiting, it represented the empire of humanity. Charles slowly levitated into the air in front of the structure that apart from its windows being blown out it was solidly intact. He stretched out his arm and shot a beam of hot blue energy from it. The beam slammed into the building, as it did so Charles began moving his arm about like a painter at the easel. He only took moments to make this canvas of concrete and steel his masterpiece of cynicism.
	The inscription read the following,
Here lies planet earth, home to humans. Kings of selfish desires and violence. Masters of pain and destruction, lords of death and mutilation. Here we have raped, murdered, stolen, molested, lied, cheated, cursed, corrupted, manipulated, connived, genocided, feticided, euthanized, and mutilated each other. We as a race no longer deserve to exist despite our great accomplishments. We therefore no longer exist due to great judgment. We are only Gods of death, and now we have achieved Godhood.    Humanity 4,000 BC – 1942 AD
The darkness of the clouds shadowed overhead, as Charles walked along we was kicking rocks and debris off the edges of the skyscrapers that he was haphazardly walking on. Charles was now king of a dead world with little to do with himself, he simply was going to remain a being of existence, keeping the order of nothing and making sure it remained nothing. For his life was now in solitude, loneliness would be constant in his heart for there was no companion in the waste, there was not even a bird in the sky.
He decided that he was going to take a home somewhere, or make one. If there was one thing he knew he needed, it was a place to wait out the rest of his existence in. But where to start? He had an entire planet at his disposal with empty buildings, castles, towers, and mansions. Charles pondered on where to live while he watched the setting sun sink beneath the edge of the world. He sat on the head of one of the eagles on the Chrysler building, the gray ash land already was getting to Charles; the colorlessness felt like he was in the middle of a depression commercial.
 Charles refused to sit there any longer, he teleported himself far away. He appeared in a land full of mountains and hills where the sun was still up. He softly knelt down and toughed the ground with his hand, the blue ring formed around his arm and restored the green earth, the trees and plant life, lakes, even the animals. The land of New Zealand was where he had decided to take solitude in. It would now be his home and the only place he allowed life to be, but not humans. He had created a moat around the small continent by elevating part of the dry ocean floor. He had done it to make it feel like it still was surrounded by the ocean.
The chill of the countryside clung to the air of the beautiful land, Charles mapped out the blue prints of his house in his head for a short moment. He stretched his arm forth and the parts and objects started to form the mansion that he had in mind. Each part of the house slowly appeared until the whole thing had fully formed itself. The large structure had a small tower in the right part of it and was made of thick gray stone; he had given it a basement, a pool, a courtyard, and many other features that made it more than elegant.
He walked through his new front yard that was full of plant life, beautiful flowers planted in the front of the house that ranged in many different colors. There were two massive oak trees that were on each side of the front door, they were as thick as a car and went high up past the house. He turned the door knob to the massive wooden doors with windows in them to walk into the entry way of his house; two grand staircases spiraled around to the second floor.
Charles ventured around his elegant mansion; he had filled it full of possessions that he wanted. Books, video games, movies, beautiful statues and suites of armor filled the halls, swords hung on the walls as well as elegant art. It didn’t matter that video games and most movies he had didn’t exist yet and he stopped their creators from existing, he had the knowledge of their existence so he created them for himself. He had a gaming room and a home theater, and it wasn’t just a few books, movies, and games. It was libraries of them, rooms and shelves filled to the top with them.
Charles went and found his master bedroom; he didn’t really take much time to admire its elegance. He laid down in the huge bed that was there and fell straight to sleep. Charles technically had no need for sleep since his power gave him limitless energy but Charles had done so much thinking, he had so much swimming through it he just wanted to forget for a while and have some peace, so he made himself sleep. He slept for has long as he wanted to, he didn’t feel like waking for a while, a year’s time past…
Charles awoke from his long slumber, he felt as if he had hibernated like a bear for a while. But his memories and everything he was trying to forget still felt like yesterday. He jumped out of bed, his feet softly hit the floor; he stretched out his arms and gave out a long yawn. The warm early morning sun was peering through the large pane windows in his room; he walked downstairs into his kitchen. He went over and open the big stainless steel refrigerator door open it was loaded with tons of food; enough that looked like it could kill a fat man.
He pulled some milk out and gulped it straight out of the jug; he went on into the other room and played video games for many hours. Charles fixed himself a delicious steak dinner that night with sweet potatoes. After he had filled himself up he took a steamy hot bath in his Jacuzzi tub, his bathroom was covered in green and white marble with a statue of Venus di milo in the corner. When he was finished he collapsed into his soft bed and fell fast asleep.
His mind stirred in his slumber, his deep thoughts led into a surreal dream. He was walking about the barren destroyed wasteland that was the earth, he walked to and fro for what seemed like ages till his boots had become ragged and torn. He finally reached a massive cavern that was so deep that you couldn’t see the bottom. Charles now stood at the edge with the abyss of darkness before him, he slowly leaned over to try and get a better look in.  
Something about the death welcoming cavern seemed to have been drawing Charles' attention into it; there was a deafening like quietness except the soft wind from the draft of the dark depths of the cavern. Suddenly Charles heard a man screaming out in terror, the horrible sound was coming from the bottom of the canyon. The screams increased and in a matter of minutes, it sounded like ten thousand people were crying out in agony. Charles was panicking he didn’t know what to do, he wanted to help them. He look down and around to see if there was a safe way down as he did he noticed a small orange light at the bottom. The light must have been a fire of some sort, the more Charles looked at it the louder the screams got. His entrancement on the light became so intense that he accidently stepped off into the canyon and fell straight into the fire.	
Charles woke from the dream covered in a layer of sweat, the darkness of the night still lingered. Frustrated and frightened he wanted to go someplace to think, he teleported to the moon and stared at the sun a while. His sorrow was growing faster by the day. But he was committed to his cause, his decision that humanity only brought pain and shouldn’t exist.
Several months had dragged by, one day Charles was out walking among the country side as he came across a stray wolf. Charles and the dog first acted frightened as they stared at each other, then Charles reached out his hand and invited the wild beast over to him. The wolf cautiously approached him; Charles let him sniff him for a moment. He then softly petted the beast, he knew that it was no dog but his desire for interaction was so strong he would do almost anything to stop the painful loneliness that was plaguing him.
The animal tagged behind Charles as he walked, the dark clouds tagged along as well. The wolf followed Charles all the way back to his estate among the hills, where even there it seemed it was becoming gloomier despite Charles best efforts to make it home. The beast that followed was more than just a simple wolf, his eyes burned a dark red but his coat was black as the night. Charles felt that he had made a friend with the beast so he let him in his home with him.
 Charles walked into the kitchen to get some food; he liked to act like he needed food so he might actually feel human. He opened up the refrigerator and looked into it for a second then turned and looked at the wolf sitting there next to him, the dog cocked its head sideways and then let out a slight whimper. Charles let out a sigh,
“I suppose you actually need to eat more than I do.” Charles waved his hand and a food and water dish appeared on the floor full of meat fit for any beast. “There you go boy.” Charles leaned down and started to pet him as he started tearing into his food. “Now what should I call you? Demon, maybe? Perhaps Cerberus, guardian of this dead empty world; yes that would be fitting.”  Charles snapped his fingers and a spiked collar appeared around the wolf’s neck, there was a military styled dog tag on it inscribed Cerberus guardian of the dead.
Weeks slowly past, then weeks burned into months, and then months melted into years. Ten years had passed and Charles was losing touch with the reality that he once held dear. He hadn’t aged a day except the dark circles that had formed around his eyes from a combination of lack of sleep and sun. He had given up acting like he was human so he hadn’t slept in years; the sun could no longer be seen on the surface of the earth all the sky was now covered in black clouds. Cerberus had since been loyal to Charles and Charles’s one anchor of sanity; he had given the dog a certain amount of power to prolong its life for as long as needed. Charles now felt like the grave yard keeper with his trusty companion to help him patrol the dead.
The scenery around his estate had since begun to bore him and his desire to travel even teleport to see the sights had long since faded. So he had slowly begun to bring the sights to him, in his slow loss of touch with reality he had created a world of his own. First he had moved the pyramids near his house, then after that led the Eiffel tower, then the stone hedge, as well as the Easter Island heads. The fields before his mansion looked like an amusement park of monuments; he even had the obelisk of the Washington monument as well as the statue of liberty. He had mounted the empire state building on the tallest mountain in New Zealand to stay standing as with the testimony he had inscribed it with.
Charles was sitting in his favorite chair staring at the wall, Cerberus at his side. The morning had just begun, only providing small amount of light through the stormy black clouds. It had been some time since Charles had been out past his haven in New Zealand so he had decided that it was time for him and Cerberus to do a little patrol of the waste lands.
Charles went to one of his closets and grabbed a long black jacket that went down past his knees. He put the jacket on and whistled loudly, Cerberus came running around the corner. “Come on boy time for a walk.” Charles closed his eyes and he and Cerberus were both ignited by blue glowing energy then disappeared. Charles had teleported them far into the wastelands of some distant country, they were in the middle of a dead city. Burnt black cars littered the streets; some still had remains of skeletons in them. There were as many skulls in the ruble as there were rocks in some places, Cerberus was already sniffing and digging about the ruble. He pulled out a large bone out of the debris and brought it up to Charles, it looked to be a human femur.
“Put that down boy, that’s not for playing with.” Cerberus slowly dropped it on the ground looking mildly scolded from Charles command.
“Good boy, come on we have more ground to cover.” Cerberus looking perkier at Charles rewarding statement, they continued down what was left of an interstate that led out of the city. They past many buildings that looked like something out of the Oklahoma City bombing until they had went many miles and there were no buildings left. There were open dead plains of soot and hills of rocks as far as the eye could see, Charles decided that he would venture a little further into the empty waste. He approached the hills and walked several miles through them with Cerberus sniffing behind him as he went. Cerberus started growling viciously at something behind the rocks,
“What is it boy, what do you see?”  Charles moved around the rocks to see a cave entrance. Cerberus began barking at the dark void beyond the cave. Charles knew that it had to be something for in the ten years he had been around Cerberus, he had not barked once at anything that wasn’t living. Charles stepped forward slowly into the cave, he held his hand forward and a blue flame ignited out of the palm of his hand. He carried the fire in his hand like a torch to light his path, Cerberus closely followed behind Charles leg looking rather threatened by what was before them.
They both ventured into the dark, the cave smelt like rotting flesh; it was so bad that Charles was covering his nose. They ventured further through what just seemed like a long network of tunnels for what felt like miles. The cave itself had a more than eerie feeling on top of the smell; even Charles was beginning to feel frightened from its aura.
Charles was about ready to turn back until he came to part of the cave that had a stone carved doorway. The masonry work on it was elegantly dark, skulls and demon like faces that looked like they were crying out in horror. As he went through the doorway there was more than just the smell now, but blood running down the walls. To Charles horror he was beginning to breathe heavy from fear of the place that he found. Perhaps this is hell; he thought to himself. He went a little further to find a long flight of stairs.
At the bottom the stairs opened into a massive dark cavern that he couldn’t fully see into. It reminded him of the abyss of his dreams, one of the biggest reasons he had stopped sleeping. There was something in the darkness. Charles could feel it among the dead silence. He held his light up a little higher he could see what looked like red glowing orbs in the distance, he could see a ragged old bridge that spanned across the cavern. Once he had crossed it he threw his fire high into the air to light up the massive room.
The blue flare revealed to his surprise a behemoth eight legged beast with its eight red eyes to match its round torso that was also its head. The massive spider which looked to be about three stories tall, started to crawl its way near, with its legs that were as pointy as massive spears. Cerberus went into a frenzy; the arachnid came at Charles at full speed and went to stab him with his two front legs. Charles held his hands forward forming a clear blue force field protecting him and Cerberus. The spider’s legs pressed hard against the barrier, it was hissing violently with its daggerish fangs jutted out at them.
Charles exploded his barrier sending out a powerful pulse knocking the spider far back almost knocking it over. Charles let out a battle cry and summoned with his powers a blue flaming sword; he went in for the attack to stab the spider in the lower stomach.
“Stop!” the dark voice came from somewhere in the in the room that Charles did not see. The spider had immediately backed away; a black cloaked figure came out of the darkness. All of his face that Charles could see was rotten flesh some of the jaw bone could be seen, his saliva was drooling out of the side of his face cause of it. the other half of his face was covered with a steal mask that looked medieval in nature.
“Pardon the beast my lord, we have long awaited your arrival, my king.” Charles looked at the man with confusion.
How is there anything alive? Or perhaps I’ve finally gone mad. Charles thought. The foul-looking man signaled Charles,
“Your throne awaits you my grace.” His hand pointed to a chair in the distance, it was piled high up on hundreds of bones. The seat itself was mostly skulls and some other bones. Charles slowly walked up the steps of bone, shaking as he did so. There was a goblet on one the arm of the throne filled with blood. Charles turned to the half corpse of a man,
“What is this madness, why do you call this my throne, why do you call me king?”
“Because you are king, you are lord over all these lands. This is your throne my grace, forged by the very dead you are the king of.”
“I am king of no one! I have released this planet from its torment.”
“Oh yes, you have, but in doing so you have become the king of death. No, it’s as if you are the very God of death itself. Your legacy isn’t salvation of the human race but the destroyer, the murderer, you are death. Even the very animals you let live in your sanctuary have died. Only that dog lives because you have prolonged it. ” he answered.
“Then what the hell are you?” Charles demanded.
“Me? Well, I was once deaths right hand but now there is no more killing to be done.”
“So the Grim Reaper then?” the man let out frightening laugh,
“NO! I am the angel of death, and I’ve come to claim my final victim!”
Before Charles had a chance to think, the cloaked figure had pulled sword out from his robes and lunged at him. Charles suddenly feared for his life, Cerberus jumped out in front of the blade and let out loud yelp. There was a sudden blue flash of light  and Charles instinctively teleported them back to his estate.
The lifeless body of Cerberus lay in Charles arms, as he sat there in shock from the madness that had befallen him. Charles began to slowly crawl out into his front yard which now looked the same as the waste land. He stood up and retrieved his dog he walked into the middle of Stone Henge and buried Cerberus there. A storm began to brew overhead. The reality of Charles' actions was starting to become clear in his mind despite all of his logical refutes to what he had done.
The truth was that the monster was right; Charles was a minister of death. It was the only legacy he had truly achieved. After all his efforts to better man and to find the answers, he was the anti-answer. He was an equation that ended up in disaster, lonely and guilt ridden from all the blood on his hands. There was no greater good to justify it because there was no one left for a greater good. And now Charles was a hypocrite to his very ideology. All had suffered because of his choices instead of some suffering because a few peoples choices.
The storm’s thunder crackled in the distance, a group of small smooth thin flat stones rose up out of the ground around Charles. They formed a type of what seemed to be makeshift, piano styled instrument that floated in the air; there were many keys probably enough for an organ. The wind started blowing heavily; Charles held out his hands and started to play the keys in front of him. As his finger touched the first key a strike of lightning hit the ground and the thunder made a powerful note. He started playing a dark and powerful melody that rung hard and fast, and the storm broke.
Lighting was the melody like the organ of a God, the rain started to pour down heavily. The acid that it was loaded with burnt Charles skin on his face and left his flesh steaming, his rage of being a king of death was now being put in a symphony. The energy from his composition started to lift the stones in Stone Henge up into the air and they began to orbit him. The winds began to rip harder about, funnels were forming; he played the keys harder. The twisters began to rip his estate apart; tears started forming in his cold eyes. The earth was beginning to quake and split apart the ground; Charles fell to his knees and planted his face in the dirt. Charles looked up to see Mr. White standing in front of him, he now had beautiful white wings spanning behind his back.
“Looks like you have created a time storm. Then I’m assuming you finally get it. Everything in the universe was hung on that one moment Charles, humans are worth it and the price for their evils has been paid. There is meaning and great importance in life that’s why it was wrong to throw it all away. I was the death angel Charles, and I was Cerberus too. I had to show you what you had become in trying to be God, you became a demon, a monster. In trusting your intellect, you became evil.” Charles stood up, the storm now in full force undoing time. The sound of the storm was louder than any freight train so Charles yelled out,
“What am I to do then?!”
“There is one final thing you must witness, the very center of time some believe it to be. The most powerful event that ever to befall this earth, I shall take you to that moment. There you will see the ultimate answer to the entire universe; and if you don’t see it then, there is nothing more I can do for you.”
The angel stretched out his hand toward Charles, he grasped his hand tightly and the storm sucked them up into a black clouded void. As sight of everything faded, Charles no longer could feel the grip of the divine beings' hand, all grew cold around him and he began to lose consciousness as all grew black.   
Chapter XIV: The Centurion 
	As Charles began to regain consciousness, he awoke face down in dry dirt. He stood up coughing up the dust from the ground; he was not wearing his previous set of clothes. Instead he had on a set of old looking brown robes which was already starting to make him sweat. As he looked up, the bright sun nearly blinded him as it sat half way in the sky. As the glare began to fade from his eyes he started to make out that there was a large ancient Middle Eastern city before him; it was hard to tell which one from the angle of his view.
	Charles stood outside the outskirts of the dirt ridden streets; he could hear a great amount of commotion deeper in the city. It sounded like a small riot almost to Charles ears but he was completely unsure. For all he knew Mr. White had betrayed his trust and left him completely stranded in another time. Charles begun to make his way into the city, as he did he saw some people running through the streets. He tried to get a view of some of the bigger architecture to tell where he was at. As he turned one of the streets heading for the commotion, he was able to make out a very large and elegant temple, Charles thoughts went to Jerusalem and the temple that was built by King Solomon.
	The roars of the crowd were now very close by, and people were everywhere running up and down the streets. Charles threw the hood up on his cloak to avoid suspicion as he walked into the mass of people that was along one of the main streets of the city. A group of soldiers went running by down the street. They were unmistakably roman soldiers, they were pushing the crowd back with their shields and trying to get people under control amidst the chaos.
	Charles saw many faces, mostly common people, Charles set his hand on the shoulder of one in the crowd, the man turned to him.
  “What’s going on?” Charles asked.
	“You haven’t heard? They are crucifying the Nazarite prophet who claims he is the Son of God. The man they call the Christ!”
	A look of shock spread across Charles faces as he slowly pulled his hood back, nothing had felt so surreal. Charles wanted to run away immediately, he didn’t want to face this, but instead he felt drawn to get closer, to see for himself. The inner nature of Charles was urging him not to as he took every step forward, pushing past people. A Roman guard stood with a spear barring him from getting around, but with a quick, sharp jab to the throat with his fist the guard went straight down.
	Charles walked around the building and there, not but forty away from him, was the man all the commotion was about. He was beaten, bloody, and his flesh was shredded. The cross that was pressed against what was left of his back looked to be hundreds pounds, there was thorn ridden weeds wrapped around the poor man’s forehead. He was naked and barely looked like that of any man you would have seen standing. Chunks of flesh dangled from his back where you could even see some of the bone.
	The man, no longer having it in him to stand, fell to the ground dropping his cross he was so desperately trying to carry. The Roman centurion leading the execution became angry with him, and started hitting him as he lay there, helpless on the ground.
  “Get on of your feet! Does it look like I want to be here all day!” he yelled. Charles instinctive rage and protective nature took hold before he could think about what he was doing. He went running forward as fast as he could,
	“Take your hands off him!!!” Charles then realized that there were about twenty guards in the general vicinity and about four around the prisoner, they drew their swords and went running at him. Charles drop kicked the first one then sprang back on his feet barely dodging the swing of one of the guard’s sword’s. He grabbed his arm in the middle of his swing and turned the blade on the soldier's throat. The blood of the man’s throat misted his face, and now he had fully gotten the centurions attention. Charles smirked and stuck his arm out to kill him with his power, but after a second nothing happened.
	“No, not now!” Charles said to himself, now with dozens of roman guards converging on him he had few options. Charles still fixated on the leading centurion for what he had done. I could still do this with no power couldn’t I? Charles thought, he pointed at the centurion,
“Hey you! Let’s dance.” Charles turned around ran towards a nearby building, using tables and wooden crates to jump to the roof, shedding his outer cloak as he did so to give him speed.
	“You three are with me, the rest of you carry on the execution as scheduled.” The centurion said with fury in his voice. He started after Charles quicker than Charles had anticipated. Like a fierce lion, his size and armor did little to slow him down and his men were even faster, like his cubs in training.  Charles jumped from roof top to roof top trying to dodge the random objects and bricks on top of them. He ran a short distance but knew he needed to either disappear or take out the guards one by one, but with no power he wasn’t sure if he could pull it off.
	One of the guards was now about one house behind him as he jumped to the next balcony where Charles was, Charles turned to face him. There was a small overhang on the balcony where they were, Charles gave the supporting pillar a high kick as the guard was running under it dropping the roof on him. Charles hopped to the next roof where one of the other guards had caught up with him and was attempting to cut him off. Charles immediately had to dodge several swords strikes almost falling off the edge of the building doing so.
	“Come on!” He yelled at the guard waving at himself as to signal the guard to come at him. The guard foolish enough to take the bait lunged at Charles, he sidestepped the guard and grabbed him by the arm. The guard was hanging off the side with about two stories of air beneath him.
	“I’ll take that.” Charles pulled the sword out of his hand then let go of him. The man let out a scream before he hit the ground, with the chime of his legs cracking as he did so. The lion and his last cub were still fast on Charles’s trail, he stuck the sword in his belt, and jumped to the next building. All the other buildings weren’t an option now with the two soldiers cutting Charles off, his only option was a large three floored building with little to grab onto.
	Charles had little choice on where to go unless he faced them in combat at the same time, which he highly preferred not to. He started back as if he was going back towards the oncoming guards; he spun fast around and ran with all his might so his jump might make the small railing on the side of the large building. His feet caught the rail but the force of the jump caused him to slip, almost falling but he managed to grab the rail. He shimmied across the railing until he got near a window he stretched his arm out trying to grab it, but it seemed too far and his arm strength was beginning to dwindle.
	The soldiers had caught up with him and were on the building he jumped from, watching him, they exchanged looks not wanting to dare the distant jump.
	“Well go on, go get him!” The centurion barked at the other soldier.
 Charles was about ready to panic being in-between what seemed to be a rock and a hard place. The other frightened soldier gave a strong leap almost managing to clear it, but his armor burdened him so much, he just managed to grab the rail with one hand then slipped off, crashing into the streets below. Charles threw himself up with all his might and grabbed the window sill. The centurion looked disgusted at the failure of his man falling to the ground, started off the roof of the building to the ground floor.
	Charles pulled himself through the window, he knew the last one was trying to go up through the building which wasn’t a bad plan on his part, since there weren’t really any good buildings to jump to without severely hurting yourself. Charles stepped into the room, shocking a few women from his presence in their dressing room.
	“Pardon me.” He said, he looked about until he spotted the stairs and ran down them. Charles could see a clear exit with no guard in site. As he went for the door, suddenly to his shock, the centurion busted through the thin brick wall throwing Charles to the ground. A juggernaut of a man standing more than seven feet tall and pure bulk and muscle he was an opponent anyone would wisely fear. He bent down and scooped up Charles like his dead prey. With great force he threw Charles through another wall, pain surged through his body and he spat out a mouthful of blood.
	Mortality seemed so foreign to him now. With all Charles had done what was one hefty soldier? But without the God Magic, Charles was only as good as his skill allowed him to be. Charles pulled out the sword on his belt, and scrambled to his feet trying to ward off the behemoth who seemed little intimidated by swords. Charles gave a few good swings. He dodged them before drawing his sword to block the next several blows. The centurion gave a small spin of his blade to send Charles’s flying out of his hands.
	Charles attempted to dead leg him with a kick to the thigh but the guard was barely stunned. He grabbed at his sword arm, but a sudden blow to the face caught Charles by surprise. He sheathed the sword,
	“I enjoy ripping little, puny men into small pieces with my bare hands.” He grabbed Charles by the throat with both hands and pushed him against the wall. Charles struggled to catch a breath, he looked around for an opportunity; anything that he could use but there didn’t seem to be anything. Charles felt consciousness fading; his thoughts went to the poor bloodied man struggling to carry his cross. Suddenly, Charles felt a fire surge in him, he gave a fist to the guards chest that was so powerful that it dented in his armor sending him flying back several feet. His eyes were full of blue flame; his power had finally come back at his moment of need.
	The look on the man’s face was that of shock and disbelief, he drew his sword and swung it violently at Charles. The blade stopped dead in the palm of Charles hand keeping the blow from hitting him. The sword heated up at Charles touch until it began to melt, as it did the centurion let go of it. Several fast joint manipulation kicks, hits, and punches by Charles ensued, leaving his opponent staggered. Charles threw a blast of energy in his face disintegrating the centurion completely into dust all except his armor.
	Charles walked over to the armor and began to change into it. It seemed to fit him alright except the oversized dent in it from his powerful blow. He pushed the dent out and put the helmet on and walked out into the crowded streets of Jerusalem. The red garb and shiny armor made any roman soldier especially a centurion easy to spot. Charles went several blocks down until he had returned to where he previously was, but the execution had moved on a ways. There were a couple of soldiers that had stayed back keeping people under watch.
Charles walked up to them, “You two, I need you guys to come with me immediately.”
	“Um, yes, right away, sir.” Charles was trying to look more legit with men backing him. Most wouldn’t question a centurion even if they didn’t know him, but to demand more control he wanted it to seem one hundred percent apparent.
	“Where did they take the execution to?” he asked,
	“Further down the street sir, I’ll show the way.” The man led onward as Charles had asked. Drops of blood could be seen here and there on the road. How could that man still be alive, Charles wondered. As they made their way further down, they caught up the harsh scene of the man dragging his cross through the dirt. Charles approached arrogantly with the illusion of authority in his disguise, all the other soldiers turned to him.
	“Sir, what happened to Commander Brutus?”
	“He had to deal with that fool who attacked our men; he sent word to me to come overlook this whole mess.” The men looked like they believed his answer but where still wondering who he was.
	“Good sir, we could use a few more hands Commander…”
	“Severus Maximus just sent in to overlook some personal matters for Pontius Pilate before I got dragged into this whole affair.”
	“So you’re in charge now?”
	“Yeah I’m in charge now, proceed with the execution.”

Chapter XV: The Center of All Time
The sun was starting to get high into the sky, the air was hot and dry, people were trying to flood the streets to get a glimpse of what was happening, and Charles was now at the head of the entire mess. On top of the chaos, there was much dust being kicked up, and the man who was being put to death with a few other scum bags looked like someone who should have died ten times over already. As they were trying to move on, the crowd seemed more anxious, some seemed pleased, some seemed in mourning, most just shocked and confused.
	“Push the crowd back, we have work to do!” Charles shouted out orders, the men pushed back people with their shields. A younger man started shouting at him through the crowd,
	“Why are you killing Jesus? What has he ever done to anyone but good deeds.” The words pierced Charles even deeper, hearing the name. Many had seen him as a good man, some had seen him as a prophet, some believed he was God himself. Despite what anyone believed or said, no one doubted that this man changed the world. Charles looked back at the man who asked the question and then gave his stern reply,
	“Because we must…. Come ON!!! Keep moving!!!” He yelled as he turned around. Jesus fell to his knees and dropped the cross, but not to his favor it hit him in his back that had already been fully laid open. One of the soldiers went over to him and kicked him,
“Get up you filth!”
“Enough! Why has this man been scourged nearly to deaths door? This is ridiculous this man can barely be expected to stand let alone carry a cross out the city and up a hill, Someone one help him at least.” Charles gazed at the crowd, the man that had questioned him a moment ago was standing there, Charles pointed to him.
“You come here; I need you to help this man with his cross.” The man stepped forward out of the crowd,
“Why should I, why would I help you slaughter this poor man?”
“Because you must…” The crowd almost drew silent, he nodded at Charles. But hesitantly was ready to move. Charles grabbed him and nearly dragged him over to where Jesus was struggling to put his cross back on his shoulder. He threw the man on the ground, then he looked over at Jesus.
He mustered enough strength to lift his head and look Charles in the eye. He was hardly foot between them, face to face. Blood dripped off his forehead and down his face, his eyes were not perfectly open because of the blood and swelling, but the gaze paralyzed Charles. The most average, typical, brown Jewish eyes one may have ever seen, but there was weight behind them. Charles could see it and feel it like nothing he had ever seen in any man.
He knew what religion had said, what this whole event was about. Why Jesus was dying, but never truly knew if he could fully accept the idea of a deity before, let alone Jesus or the Bible. But now as he stared into this poor broken man’s eyes he could see the weight being carried from all other events he had been to, all of humanity was on his shoulders and Charles just thought the cross looked heavy.  
The man picked up one end of the cross helping to lift the weight of it and they started to walk. Charles' gaze was broken but he still felt paralyzed from the moment. He had looked hard and long for so many answers but had it really been this simple? Or was it not simple at all and this still was the answer? Charles tried to push his thoughts out of his head as they exited the city. The march up the hill known as the place of skull was not easily endurable for a man who had been half beaten to death.
 The name of the hill made Charles think of his sad, hopeless wasteland that he had created in his rage; it was a lifeless and barren place where people went to die a lonesome death. The he remembered the cavern in his dream, there was hell somewhere in that wasteland full of burning souls that wanted to be saved.
 The path to the top was crowded with rocks that were easily tripped on, making the process even longer. As they finally reached the top, the soldiers spread out and the prisoners dropped their crosses on the ground. Charles watched as Jesus tried to softly set his down as if it were something precious to him. Charles pointed at his men,
“Alright, ready the prisoners, get them laid out on these crosses.” The words felt like something stuck in his throat. The Roman soldiers grabbed the prisoners stretched out their arms in width with their crosses. They began to pound in the nails through their hands; one of the men was just getting ready to pound the nails into Jesus’ hands.
“Wait!” Charles yelled out then paused for a moment, “I’ll do this one.”
“As you wish, sir.” The soldier passed the hammer and nails to Charles, he gave out a sigh then knelt down and stuck the nail against Jesus’s hand. Charles gave the hammer a mighty swing, the nail drove in. Jesus cried out, Charles swung again, each time he cried out louder. The sound pained him more and more with each swing driving each nail deep in its place. They nailed the sign on Jesus’ cross saying he was the king of the Jews, lifted each of the crosses high up and dropped them into the support holes.
There Charles stood, on the hill outside the city of Jerusalem, three crosses before him, crucifixions were known for taking hours if not days. A group of religious men followed up the hill dressed in elaborate ornate robes, these men were the Pharisees the ones that first demanded the crucifixion of Jesus. They trotted up the hill as if the sun revolved around there righteousness, as they reached the top they stared at Jesus for a moment,
“Oh mighty and powerful God, why don’t you come down from your cross? Why don’t you strike us all dead? What a mighty throne you sit on, King of the Jews!” They mocked and scoffed at him, they took turns spitting at the foot at the cross. Charles tightly gripped his sword as they did so. The air around them felt poisoned by their hypocrisy, as they finished each of them had turned around to return to wherever they had come from and passed Charles as they did. Charles and they exchanged glares of disgust for each other, his top lip curled a little, “Self-righteous bastards.” He whispered as they walked by. Clouds began to get extremely dark overhead as hours went on.
“Looks like a storms coming.” One of the soldiers stated.
 “Yeah it does…” Charles said, Jesus began to try and speak everyone’s head turned as he shouted out,
“My God, My God why hast thou forsaken me!” there was chill silent moment where you could have heard a pin drop; the very hair on the back of Charles neck seemed to stand up. A strong crack of thunder startled every one out of the daze that Jesus’ words had left them in; spots of rain began to sprinkle down.
“Time to wrap things up, commander.” The rain was getting heavier by the second, and there was no soldier that wanted to guard a crucified prisoner in a storm. The men were fetching some large wooden clubs, as they were doing so Charles could here Jesus struggling to speak again,
“It is… accomplished.” His head sunk down as he finished his last words, the soldiers were breaking the other men's legs with the clubs so they couldn’t breathe any longer. The earth began to shake fiercely.
“An earth quake! We have to make sure he is dead.” One of the soldiers took their spear and shoved it in the side of Jesus’ torso, blood and mists of water hit Charles in the face. He took his helmet off slowly and touched the blood on his face and looked at it on his glove. He fell to his knees and dropped his helmet on the ground. He lifted his head to look at the man hanging there on the cross.
“Truly, this was the Son of God.” His head fell back down as his hands clenched the dirt. A tear dropped down from his face, before it had hit the ground, there was a sudden shock. Charles was ripped from the very place he was at into a worm hole, it was pulling him fast through time, then suddenly he was standing in New York City before the two most famous buildings of modern time.










Chapter XVI: Highlander Rules Apply
The clear blue skies were high above as the huge trade towers shadowed over, the crisp sunrise was shining brightly. It was early in the day, the traffic crawling about as usual. It was unmistakable to Charles, he had played this day over and over again in his head, almost hated it worse than the moment of that horrid car wreck. The news played it on TV in constant feeds in vain hope of survivors. Most Americans remember that day, where they were at, what they were doing. Charles remembers it most because his parents were in one of those buildings.
Horns were honking in the distance, standing at the foot of the towers it seems like there was nobody around, almost unreal, like a stage on the set of a movie. Charles could only see a single person in the distance, it looked to be a man in a long white coat. He was looking right in Charles’s direction; it was odd he was just standing there staring straight at him. Charles began to walk towards the man to see what his deal was, after a few steps he heard something behind him, the sound was indistinguishable from any other, loud, powerful jet turbines of a commercial airplane. He turned his head to see as the shadow passed over him he looked back around. Charles raised his arm out towards the plane to stop it with his powers, nothing happened.
“NOOOOOO!!!!!!!” he cried out as the massive airliner slammed into the northern tower of the world trade center, a huge fire ball rolled into the sky, smoke billowed from the blast. Debris rained down smash into the ground with extreme force,
“No, not now come on work!!!” Charles was now emotionally unraveling, out of all moments to randomly be dragged into in time it had to be this one and now to have his powers stripped from him, to spectate the death of his parents and this time with front row seat. Charles had managed all but to forget about the man in the white coat, but he had noticed when he looked back that he was steadily walking towards him. He was perfectly calm. The chaos around him gave no affect to his stride; his body language suggested the world was his play ground. Then he was close enough to make out a face,
“It certainly has been a while Charles, you’re a hard man to find.”
“Edgar?! What on earth are you doing here?! These buildings are coming down you need to get to safety!” Edgar gave out a chuckle,
“I’m perfectly safe Charles, just as safe as you, old friend.” He said,
“What on earth are you talking about, what did you do, how are you here?”
“Well your algorithm, the formula, the machine, the equation all of it was bloody brilliant, but there was a simple but major flaw in the equation. You added something that didn’t need to be in there, you made it too complex. I fixed it, I perfected it, and I used it.”
“Edgar we were wrong, there is no way to control it, to perfect it. We're insects playing at being gods here, that algorithm is bogus, hokum in the eyes of forces and powers that are way beyond us.” Edgar gave Charles a sneering look; he had become more arrogant than ever, now with his new powers there would be no limit to his condescension towards people, even to a friend like Charles.
“You see, I am not blinded by petty morals like you Charles, I see how I would want humanity, how they need to be. We as humans have always thought that there was some sort of absolutes. That we had certain things that defined us as a race, so called morals that you find rooted in most religions and forms of government…”
 Charles mind began to wonder from the conversation, all hell was breaking loose around them. Fire trucks and ambulances were pulling up; the air was starting to fill with ash and smoke. It was a symphony of chaos and as Edgar stood there talking without a care he would seem the perfect candidate for a conductor. “…see Charles I stepped into the future where you ran off into the past, you tried to put meaning to it, you tried to give it a grand story. But me, I created a world of my own. I made people into what I needed them for, I made the planet fit my purpose. I never believed in a God Charles, but with this I have made myself one.”
“There is only one God and he is in neither of us.” Charles said, the aggression increasing in his voice.
“You are partially right, there can only be one, but the reality of it is who? You see I figured I would just leave you be on you little spiritual quest. you weren’t really hurting anyone and certainly not interfering with my plans. Hell, you were thousands of years in the past what did I have to worry about? All until one day, my grand utopia, my great society, the very world and all the people ceased to exist; my physical body was gone. I was simply a matter of energy, I had somehow been wounded by whatever action you decided to make in the past. My power nearly useless for years, I was nothing but a bit of nether energy roaming a dead planet. Then suddenly everything was restored, and I then realized that I had to find you.”
Charles could tell that the man he knew was no longer there, that he had been so corrupted and drunk with his power that it had changed and warped him that he had went from a mildly selfish person to completely evil inside. But yet his love for his once friend kept him in disbelief,
 “Why Edgar? You’re the closest thing I have ever had to a brother, you’re the only person I have left. Who are you?”
“You know it was my mission to be your friend, ordered since we first met in college. I was to keep tabs on you since you were the one of the most promising minds of our time. Oh, how they were right about you, yet so wrong about me. I am this planets chosen leader, it is my destiny. People are pathetic and need to be ruled with true power, and those that are blind to that reality must be eradicated, even if one of them is you…This is my stage, where we, the true Gods shall fight for the fate of the human race! I figured it would keep you well focused at the matter at hand.” Edgar sneered at Charles as he finished that last statement.
“You would kill me, your best friend, all for some useless power?”
“It’s a small price for becoming a God, and it’s like you said there can only be one.” Sudden explosion made Charles about jump out of his skin; the second plane had struck the southern tower. Screams could be heard all over, there was a look of complete horror on Charles' face. Edgar had thoughtfully planned this moment he knew the pressure of this day would break Charles focus, throw his emotions way off track.
“I won’t do it, I won’t play your game, and I’m not going to fight you. You have obviously went to a lot of trouble to set all this up. For all I know, this isn’t even real. It could all be a fake illusion.”
“Oh really? So is this an illusion too?” Edgar held out his arm red rings formed like Charles power gave off then a portal appeared. The other side could be seen like looking through a clear window, the person face on the other side was unmistakable to Charles, it was Alice.
“NO!” Charles was now bursting with rage, breathing, heaving. He felt a new found hatred for his onetime friend Edgar, and he had finally crossed the line for Charles. “You will not lay a finger on her or so help me I will kill you with every ounce of the God Magic that is in me!” Charles clenched his fist and the blue rings formed themselves around his forearms, his face was full of as much anger as it was when he had faced Alice’s past. Edgar smirked slightly with an evil grin,
“We shall see about that my old friend.” Edgar said as he began to levitate off the ground the red rings forming around his arms. Like two cowboys in a duel, their eyes didn’t waver from each other, the only thought that lingered was who would strike first. Charles threw his arms forward and then Edgar did too. Two massive beams of energy erupted from the hands like something out of a Saturday morning cartoon. Each of their                  beams were the same colors of their sigils. The beams smashed together creating an explosive blast that knocked Charles off his feet and threw him back many yards, smashing into the pavement shattering it into chunks of rock.
As Edgar levitated higher into the air, he held his arms outstretched on both sides of him, “Behold Charles the power of a God!” Charles struggled to get out of the crater left from his impact,
“Not my God.” Charles seemed rattled from the blast but he suddenly shot out a beam of energy hitting Edgar, catching him off guard, throwing him into the side of one of the towers. Edgar ran and jumped out of the building quickly back into the air, Charles went running towards him, both throwing blast of powerful energy at each other in the process.  Charles dodged the first couple, the next blast rained down on Charles, as it did he created a shield of energy right before it nearly caught him in the face.
 As Edgar’s feet met the ground he started to charge Charles head on, the two came running at each other in full force. As Charles got close to Edgar he threw a heavy right hook in Edgars face, Edgar upper cut Charles in the stomach. They began to engage in a super human hand to hand combat, with unknowable energy behind each of the blows due to the God Magic and corrupted God Magic used by Edgar. Each blocked blow gave out resisting energy pulse it was like two bolts of lightning boxing it out.
Suddenly the environment shifted and changed around them, they both were in a completely different time and place. They found themselves on a shore littered with bodies. The sound of machine gun fire rang in Charles ears, some small ships were on the shore. There were pill boxes further on the land firing down on the men, it was Normandy beach. Charles gave little thought to why they were here because Edgar was still in front of him, except they were both dressed in United States military uniforms. Rifles in both of their hands they began to shoot it out, mostly in futility any bullets that would hit were deflected or stop by there powers.
Edgar look at his rifle curious for a moment, red energy went out of him into his rifle as if he was charging it. The next shot had much more kick to it this time exploding bigger than a grenade. Charles took the liberty to grab one of the fully automatic weapons up and practice the same idea. The near bombardment of Charles gun had Edgar spending all his effort shielding himself until Charles finally ran out of ammo.
Another flash now they were back at the burning chaos of the Trade Towers. The conflicting energy signatures must have been causing them to randomly teleport from event to event, but there was barely any time to focus and evaluate the anomalies. Edgar went for Charles, jumping towards him throwing a powerful punch full of red energy. Charles through his hands out creating a large blue sigil, as Edgar’s fist met I,t a massive pulse exploded; this time Charles stood his ground not weakened from the blast. Edgar had been thrown back through the air, his feet caught the side of the building stopping him from going any further. Physics meant absolutely nothing to Edgar and Charles, Edgar stood on the side of the building looking down on Charles,
“Is that it? Is that the best you have Shepard?!”
 Charles went running for the building, dodging falling chunks from the damaged part of the building high above. He jumped into the air and almost as if gravity just shifted for him he landed his feet on the side of the building in full pursuit of Edgar. Edgar had made his sprint fast up the building, shooting powerful blasts down at Charles hoping to at least knock him off balance. The roar of the structural integrity of the building beginning to give away amidst the chaos. It was louder than even gun fire; it was like the sound of small bombs exploding and slowly getting louder.
Charles leaped forward releasing a blast from the bottoms of his feet, it shot him upward towards Edgar as the two collided, time shifted to another place. Charles immediately felt the weight of heavy armor on his body, the roar of a new kind, that of a bloody battle. He turned his head to look for Edgar, Charles was amongst what looked to be a castle siege. There was such a mess of people hoarded together stabbing each other that it seemed that it would be near impossible to find Edgar, that is if Edgar’s taste in clothing hadn’t been so ready to draw attention to himself.
On the ground outside of the castles two armies were clashing, swords, shields, and spears in hand. Charles caught a glint of shiny, silvery armor and what looked to be a white cape.
“EDGAR!” Charles used his power to project his voice, it sounded darker than he meant it to.  Edgar turned around and could see his dark armor and deep blue hood and cloak, his eye were burning with blue fire once more. Charles and Edgar both drew their swords, there were at least fifteen other men between them. Charles was throwing men out of his way, where Edgar saw fit just to stab them or give them a good blast of energy turning them to an ash pile.
When they had finally had cleared the path between them, their swords began to clash. The blades bounced back and forth for a few moments until Charles managed to spin Edgar’s sword out of his hands. As soon as Charles had the blade out of Edgar’s hands he gave a stabbing thrust right at his chest, before Edgar had a second to think he had tried to stop the thrust with his other hand. As the tip of the blade struck the palm of his hand, it sent a shielding pulse down the blade. The blade exploded, shattering from end to end in hundreds of pieces like glass breaking apart.
As the sword exploded time shifted back, they both found themselves standing back on the side of the building. They were rather thrown off from each of the time shifts and every time it happened they felt caught off guard. They had paused for a second in confusion until they had both caught each other's gaze, they had both taken fighting stances when a massive sound gave out, shaking the building so bad it nearly knocked them off their feet. Charles eyes widened as in terror, Edgar slowly turned his head around to see what could have been called the world’s largest freight train coming at them.
“Oh shi…” Edgar’s profanities were cut short at the sound of thousands of tons roaring down on top of them. Charles stuck out his hand and made a sigil, he began to twist rings on it and touch certain letters, he then finished his impute as fast as he could in dread of being crushed to death by a parade of steel beams.
“Come on, come on work!” Charles couldn’t seemed to get his calculation to work and he only had seconds before the building was on top of him, he yelled out and punched the sigil. It shattered like a pane of glass, as he did so time began to slow down not to a complete stop, but enough that he might be able to find a way out of the impending dangers above. Charles could see about three options in which to handle the situation, run back down the building, jump away from the building, or run straight for the top.
Edgar started running further up the building, if Charles’s had any hope in defeating him it perhaps could be in the chaos that that would be up there. Charles went his direction. He seemed like it might be suicide even for people as powerful as they both were, but an unpredictable battlefield equaled a wild card and a potential advantage in the fight or a potential disadvantage. Charles was hoping he was playing his cards right cause at this point he was all in.
As the top came near, Edgar and Charles seemed to disappear in what was a cloud of smoke ash and many unknowable substances. There on the other side of that cloud was a universe of Chaos, destruction and anarchy. The slow pace of time made it possible to navigate and even jump from chunks of steel and concrete flying through the air onto others. Charles began to hop his way through the debris trying to get a fix on Edgar. This dance seemed like one of futility and suicide, gravity had become so irrelevant to these men of magic that the only thing they feared was each other.
Charles looked about he did not see the slightest trace of Edgar, it seemed more than likely that he could have lost him amongst the thousands of pieces of falling rubble. Charles wasn’t even sure how he was standing he could have been upside down for all he knew, he looked straight up to catch Edgars face. He was standing on a piece of rubble above him except he was upside-down from Charles perspective. They both threw beams of energy at each other, the beams slammed against the one other. They were both fighting the energy of the other’s beam, the center were they had collided was a bright white hot fiery ball and with each moment it grew larger and brighter, the light was nearly blinding after a few moments.
The ball of energy exploded, the blast created a blinding white light. Charles felt his sight starting to come back to him when everything was finally clear he realized he was on top of an airplane with Edgar, time must have shifted again. The plane was high in the air, an older plane with four propeller engines, it shined a bright silver color. It seemed to be a war plane perhaps, Charles was on one of the wings and Edgar on the other. Edgar didn’t take any time to think about his surroundings his sole focus now was to kill Charles no matter what it took. Before Charles had any time to think, Edgar was on his wing, he dove straight for Charles tackling him off the plane. As they fell away Charles could make out the words on the side of the plane Enola Gay,
“OH God.” Charles said in terror, the bomb doors were opening. Edgar was not focused on anything but his target; he grabbed Charles by his collar and started hitting him aggressively as they fell.
“EDGAR!” Charles said pointing his finger past him; he turned his head to see the large bomb falling not too far above them. He turned back around and kicked Charles out of his way. Edgar tucked his arms to his side and did a hard nose dive straight for the ground, Charles pursued him likewise. Like two missiles they both smashed into the ground yet landing on their feet like human cats. Large craters circled their points of impact in the city of Hiroshima.  As they stood up, they quickly they threw their arms forwards sending the most powerful beams of energy either of them had generated as the two beams smashed against each other not too far behind them the atom bomb crashed into the ground.
A bright flash went out, a searing heat could be felt, all there was between Edgar and Charles from the incinerating fire was the energy dome that was over the top of them. The sound of the explosion roared as if it was the fires of hell itself, the two beams were locked tight against each other, Charles trying his best not to give out but he felt his strength strained.
	Edgar slowly began to inch forward with a step of the foot “I…. am….. Immortal.” He said. “Then…” Charles grunted trying to hold back the beam “…Why do you look so afraid?” Charles lunged forward, the compression of the energy caused the beams to explode and with it time shifted back again.
	They found themselves atop the north tower, the south tower was on the ground in rubble and ash. Smoke poured out the tower they were on in massive quantities. Edgar stood looking out across the city and its destruction as if he had tasted a breath of fresh air from it.
	“Beautiful isn’t it? The chaos, the pain, the hell. We humans act like it’s what we appall but truly it’s what we love. We crave it like a bad drug we can’t get away from. We need the next war, the next earth quake, the next terrorist attack; it’s what makes the news thrive because it’s what people want.”
“Edgar, you really think people want horrible deaths, want all this pain?” he turned back around to face Charles.
“Yes, I think they yearn for every second of it.” He then turned back around to face the city again.
“Our power has been fluctuating due to us being in the same time, so as a failsafe it has been taking us to powerful moments in times of war throughout history, from those moments we have been drawing energy to fight with. Even as Gods, we are machines of war there is no utopia just this, it is our destiny.” Charles didn’t even know why he was still talking with him, maybe because he once loved Edgar like a brother, but now all he could see was an empty pointless bloodlust.
“What the hell kind of destiny is that?”  Edgar spun around and blasted Charles with a red beam of energy sending him flying off the side of the building, “My kind of destiny.”
Edgar approached the side of the building that he had shot Charles off of, Charles floated back up and stayed in the air, the look on Edgar face was that of surprise and distaste.  
“Come on then, old friend, looks like destiny is waiting for you.”
Edgar's rage exploded. He jumped off the building, tackling Charles. As they began to tumble downwards the tower looked as if it suddenly cracked all the way around its structure. The top of the building had just given way the tower was now in the process of free fall with Edgar and Charles. They were exchanging hits with each other in midair; I’ll never beat him this way I need to do something Charles thought. He grabbed Edgar by the collar,
“Follow me.” They flashed away; they were suddenly in space on the surface of the sun. The heat would incinerate any mortal man, but this was opposite for them. It was the biggest source of energy in the solar system; it fueled their power, strength, and rage. The glowing energy of the flames was like walking on light itself, Edgar and Charles were moving at speeds so fast that it was like they would disappear and reappear. This gave way to all kinds of surprise attacks, their eyes each glowed with their defining colors making them look like to pieces of lightning chasing each other.
Charles saw Edgar flash away again, he quickly turned around and threw an upper cut blindly in the air. Edgar suddenly appeared, Charles' fist catching his jaw. Edgar fell back on to the surface of the sun, then attempted to blast Charles with a beam of energy. Charles deflected it away, Edgar jump back on his feet, a surprise dead leg kick hit Charles, dropping him to his knees and catching him several blows to the face.
Charles jumped away to regain his footing,
“Time for a new weapon, a new stage. If we are Gods, Edgar, wouldn’t you want a battle fit one?” Charles reached out his arms and look as if he were about to grip something, before him a sword formed in his hands of pure blue flame made completely of fire and energy. Edgar gave a grin in acknowledgement of his statement; Charles had just made a play on his ego, if he kept him too confident, too much in his moment of glory he would let his guard down. Edgar reached out his hand and formed a similar sword yet it burned with green fire instead of blue. They both took their sword fighting stances,
“Time to end this” Edgar said, the swords clashed, explosions of the sun’s surface rattled. Each strike went faster, Edgars swords was thinner more ninja like where Charles’ was heavy like the broadsword of a knight. This left Charles on the defensive end just how he wanted it; Edgar was swinging more furious with each and each blow. The swords ground against each other, Charles trying to keep Edgar at bay for a moment. As the blades pressed against each other for longer moments of time they began to spit out bits of electricity or some sort of energy from the contact point.
The fiery ground that they stood on began to shake with great magnitude; Charles broke the connection of their swords and went running. Suddenly a massive solar flare erupted out of the sun, Charles rode the flare as he ran up it, with Edgar fast behind him. Charles turned around to swing his sword but just as he did Edgar’s blade caught his and he flipped his sword out of his hands, Charles fell on his feet and Edgar’s blade went into his chest. Charles was now spitting up blood. Edgar looked down on him,
“You are weak for a God.” Charles looked up and shook his head,
“Yeah, but I was pretty strong as a man.” Charles reach up and grabbed Edgars hand they both flashed back away, suddenly they we both right back at the same moment from when they left the collapsing tower. There was a look of shock on Edgar’s face; Charles had caught him off guard. The fact of the matter was, Charles had been playing him the entire time. Charles was wounded but not as bad as he made it look, after all he could manipulate images.
Now in free fall with the tower collapsing, Charles stuck his hand out a sigil larger than any he had ever formed had appeared. It was filled with all kinds of color, and as wide as several houses, Charles eyes now burned white hot. A beam shot out of the sigil with more energy in it than any nuclear bomb or device man could build. Edgar attempted to block it but his blocking sigil shattered and the beam smashed into him and drug him all the way to the ground. The rest of the tower came smashing down, millions of pounds of concrete laid waste to anything that was beneath it, and all that was left was a massive dust and ash cloud where the two buildings had stood so tall.
“Looks like were not so immortal after all, ashes to ashes, old friend.”





Epilogue: On The Sea Shores of the Universe
Charles softly landed on a nearby building; he looked down out at the rubble below, he highly doubted Edgar had survived. After all, Charles had lured Edgar out on the sun on purpose. Once Edgar gave his theory about them drawing energy from different events Charles believed him and decided to use his discovery against him. The sun was the greatest source of refined energy known to man. As Edger was busy  attacking Charles on the sun, he was absorbing all the energy he could from contact with it. The stab wound to Charles was very real but with all the energy in him he quickly healed himself before the wounds damage could even put him off balance.
After that he simply had to attack Edgar with the energy he had gathered, Charles put all his chips in and came out on top. As he looked out over the smoldering rubble and ash cloud that spread across the city he thought about his parents and how he originally lost them on this day. He thought about where they might be, if they were in a better place. For once, Charles smiled when he thought of his parents, he had never really held to the notion of a deity before, so he never put much stock in an afterlife.
Charles teleported away to find Alice safe and secure as he had originally left her, she was reading in a café’. He looked through the window Charles deeply wanted to go see her one last time but he felt like that wouldn’t make anything better. Alice looked up out of her book to see Charles face, she smiled at him Charles smiled back and held his hand out touching the glass of the window then he disappeared. After all the places all the events, Charles was now at peace. He now knew in his heart that the universe was bound by so much more than mathematical laws, physics, or science. That humanity had purpose, reason, even though there had been so much pain and horror after seeing that man on the cross Charles knew in his heart that he had made every second of it worth it.
Charles teleported far beyond the reaches of space looking out over the universe, he could see galaxies and solar systems, powerful and beautiful to behold. Charles gazed over it for a while, after a few hours he was ready. Charles realized that it was impossible to make his power vanish; he couldn’t simply turn it off. It was too dangerous for any person to wield, he had seen how it had corrupted Edgar and destroyed the man he once called his best friend.
“It’s too much power for any man, even for me.” Charles said to himself, so floating in the far depths of space he stretched out his arms wide and his legs also, blue rings began to form themselves around all of his limbs. The energy began to pulse and electrical currents started to flow out of each of the rings. Charles could feel the burn like no other, as the God Magic slowly denigrated his limbs then his entire body until nothing was left of him at all…  


 “Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.”  John Dalberg-Acton
