Strangers in a Mystic Paradise
Published at Smashwords

Copyright © 2014 Riley Moreno
http://www.rileymoreno.com



Chapter 1


Engkanto and Engkantada, male and female nymphs respectively, are supernatural beings believed by the Filipino people to be roaming in woody areas and forests. They are often said to look like human beings but fairer skinned and even blond. The nymphs are said to have blue or green eyes and far shorter or much taller than the average Filipino, in short Caucasian but translucent. They are believed to live in another dimension but also travel into the human world for unknown reasons. They supposedly live in magical kingdoms; possess so much gold and other riches.

They are also believed to be tree dwellers and found in dark and lush forests. They are remembered for their beauty, grace and charm which attract many people but they are not always good or not always bad. They are temperamental beings that could bring luck or misfortune to people.

Filipino children are always reminded by their parents to never play outside the house after the Angelus prayer has been recited. Children are also told to excuse themselves from the engkantos when taking a bath in the river for they may inflict sickness on the disrespectful child.

I placed the book down and looked up the ceiling of the commercial airplane I was on and took a deep breath. I was internalizing the information I was reading. ‘Tabi-tabi po!’ I memorized the phrase I had learned about to say excuse me to the forest nymphs or engkanto as the Filipinos called it. 

If this had been a vacation, I know I would have thoroughly enjoyed it. Surviving the Philippines was like surviving a war or something as my friends had exaggeratedly talked about. Filipinos were good English speakers and this will make investigating easier for me. 

I thought about the reason why I flew half way around the world and each time, I felt this sinking feeling in my stomach. I uttered the phrase again and when I was convinced I was pronouncing it right, I took another look at the book my brother bought back in Arizona and thus started our fascination with the forest dwelling entities. But unlike my brother, I was anchored in the real world. 

Another reminder is to ask permission when gathering flowers after three pm. And remember to keep the lovely boys or girls indoors after the sun sets to avoid being taken by the forest entities. And lastly, a human being should never ever reciprocate the love of an engkantada (female dryad) or engkantado (male dryad) for in doing this you would not only lose your world but also lose your soul.

The aforementioned part was what scared me the most. A chill ran up my spine as I read the lines that followed. It was also the one thing I was interested in. It was the primary reason I began researching about this kinds of supernatural entity. My brother wandered off, travelling in different Asian countries, looking for inspiration in writing his second novel. 

The plane finally landed and we were all bee-lined out. It was agony to wait in line for me. I couldn’t wait to get started. Waiting for my luggage, I continued to read parts of the book that I had already completed before. I just wanted to make sure I had everything I needed and understood the idea completely. I had a plan but it more like playing it by the ear because this is the first time I’m actually here in the supernatural-believing country.

I placed the book back inside my hand-carried bag and pulled out my mobile phone and headphones to put on some music. I didn’t want to look at my brother’s journal one more time. Instead, I decided to get preoccupied with music to calm my nerves down.

What I had in my memory card was all from Dave who downloaded these songs for me to play when I get bored or scared. With Bruno Mar’s song Treasure on, I felt rejuvenated. I began stomping my foot on the tiled floor and feeling the rhythm. 
And it made me think about Dave. He was my best friend and the man I secretly loved. But he never seemed to notice how drop-dead in love I was with him. But I know, one day, the day I’ve been dreaming of will eventually come. He would, one day, knock on my apartment door to tell me he’s missed me terribly and that he has finally realized that he loves me. And while daydreaming about this very moment, I realized there were a lot of eyes on me.

He was very concerned when I told him about my brother. He had gone missing a month ago in this country, in the province I was headed to and the only thing he had left was the journal I read over and over again before finally making up my mind to follow his tracks. I had dropped out of a case I had dreamed of taking over for a long time and asked for a month-long leave from our law firm. 

My mind got redirected to the present as I felt eyes on me from all sides of the airport. People did double takes when I walked past them. I finger-combed my hair and tied it in a high pony-tail because the attention was making me feel very self-conscious. I thought, maybe my hair was in disarray or something. 

It was hot. And that was the very first thing I noticed since we touched down here in Manila’s airport ‘NAIA.’ 

This country is so hot – temperature wise and hot even when it comes to their citizens. The men were tanned and well-built. I especially loved their creamy coffee color. Only, most of them were a bit short for my taste. Funny thing here is, I noticed, I could easily tell the social standing of the people around me by how white their skin were compared to the more brown and tanned ones who I saw sweeping up the beautiful shiny floors. Although quite on the contrary, most foreigners like me appreciate the deliciously tanned Filipinos. 

I preferred the more native looking Filipino; their skin was golden brown and toned and reminded me of the earth itself. 

But according to my research, this country is a melting pot of different races. I also read an article about Filipinas being a great market for skin whitening products. They supposedly wanted to be as light skinned as us Caucasians and the Koreans. They were totally taking for granted that their tanned skins looked so beautiful. Most of the people in the airport were dressed to the nines and still I was getting so much attention when I was dressed down. I had a pair of short khaki shorts and a loose purple tee on which was tucked in. I had a huge backpack on me and my hair was obviously disheveled even if it was tied in a pony. Most of all, I was sweating like a pig especially when I exited the airport. Man it was scorching! 

A group of fashionable girls walked by me and they all turned their heads to stare at me. They were all wearing so much make up and dressed colorfully.  They were pretty young girls who would get attention even back in the States but here they were staring at me like I was a goddess or something – they looked awed at the sight of me towering in front of them. 

First off, I guess it’s because I’m a foreigner and I stand a couple of feet higher than their average women. At twenty-five years old, I was fit, slim and statuesque. I was hot, if I may say so myself. I take my body and health seriously. But I also put a lot of emphasis on my being educated and professional.

I knew things would be relatively easier since I could personally ask around because in the Philippines, they all speak English or a bastardized version of it – which I can understand. 

There was a long line of taxi cabs just outside the airport which made it easy for me to get one. In New York, you should be able to whistle real loud using two fingers in order to get a taxi. I waved at the next cab in line and he rolled down his windows. 

“Wow, just my luck! Where do you want to go pretty lady?” The taxi driver asked in clear English. It was so comforting to hear the brown-skinned man speak my language so well. And this was a province! “I’ll turn on the meter and take you anywhere you want to go.”

I stepped inside before answering and placed my bag beside me instead of putting it inside the trunk. Safety measures, a Filipino friend of mine gave me the following tip. When you’re already inside the cab that’s when you tell the driver where you’re going. Being a foreigner in this country is so cool because the natives are very respectful and hospitable too. You get really warm welcome. 

Now, if you’re going to ask the cab driver to take you somewhere far and with congested routes, they’ll take you there if you’re already inside, otherwise they’ll ignore you and move on to accommodate other passengers. 

“Well, I’m going to this address in the Batangas Province.” I said firmly and pulled out my purse from the bulky back pack. “Please take me here.” I pulled out a strip of paper and handed it over to the driver. 

“I know the place ma’am. But are you sure you want to stay there? You know ma’am…” he paused and shifted around in the driver’s seat to face me. “It’s not that good, nice place for pretty foreigners like you! Here you will be with other people in one building share rooms and cr.” He exclaimed while staring at the torn brochure about great places to stay in Batangas, Philippines. 

“CR?” I asked, completely clueless. But I did hear my friend say something about that so I hurriedly searched my schema. “Do you mean the bathroom?”

“Yes, comfort room!” The driver enthusiastically cried out. “That’s right, no CR… no bathroom.”

“That’s okay mister. I know exactly what I signed up Mr. Driver.” I laughed. “Thank you for your concern though, I appreciate it.”

“Sorry but don’t you want to book into a hotel? There are a lot of good hotels in the province…. They are only one hour drive away from the beach” the driver suggested. I was happy that he could speak English really well but he seemed to know a lot and suggest a lot. I didn’t want to tell him why I was headed to that lodging house my brother last booked into. “Many, many hotels you stay instead. Close to the beach too!”

“Oh no, that’s okay. I want to immerse, you know, get to experience the life in your province sir.” I explained but he wasn’t convinced.

“If you say so... Please put seatbelt on or police will stop us and ask money again... I won’t have anything to take home to my family anymore if they stop me for the third time today.” The driver reminded. “I will take you there in quick driving. Alright miss?”

“Sure… just make sure we’re safe, okay? Thanks mister.” I smiled as nicely as I could and then looked away as he began to peel off into the road. 

I sat back and rested myself I put my headphones and played some Maroon 5 songs that were upbeat and will keep me awake. It was going to be a long drive from Manila to Batangas. 

The driver had the radio on and was singing to the tunes in the radio. They were mostly ballads and some love songs from way back in the 80’s. When he belted out a line from an unfamiliar song, I removed the head set and listened. He was a very soulful singer.

“Wow… you’ve got some skills mister!” I complemented him, practicing talking to the natives. And the man smiled at me through the rear view mirror. “That’s a really nice voice you got there…”

“Thanks so much. I like to sing and other Filipinos too. We sing all the time and especially on birthdays. We rent videoke machines and sing our Asian lungs sore!” He responded humorously and laughed along with me.

“Boy, I surely would love to try that out.” I chuckled.

“You will love it. You drink until you’re drunk and then sing without shame until the neighbors throw stones at you. That’s what I do when I don’t take this taxi out.” He continued.

“Sorry for my terrible manners, I’m Pamela by the way, but you can call me PAM.” I introduced myself and tapped the man’s shoulder as he focused on the road. It was a long ride from the airport to Batangas and if we hit rush hour, it’ll take twice as long to get there; might as well chat with my only companion.

“I’m Nonoy. Here, look at my real name here in my ID.” He pointed towards his ID hung from the rear view mirror. His real name was a mouthful and he laughed out loud each time I tried to pronounce it. “You can call me Noy, Miss Pamela.” 

“Oh no, don’t call me ma’am or miss, just Pam, please!” I said nicely and then smiled. The forty-three father of seven children never ran out of stories to tell. He went on about his eldest daughter who got herself pregnant and didn’t complete college. Education was the most important thing for this man and he wanted his children to study and get jobs as professionals. He was very affectionate when he told me about his youngest son, a naughty little five year old boy who had just started studying kindergarten.

So in turn, I told him about my busy single life and about my dad who was in Massachusetts managing his construction firm. I was pretty well-off myself being a top agent for the pharmaceutical firm I worked for. 

“So you don’t have a boyfriend? Are you not… what is the word you call… ah - lonely? He asked.  

“Nah, I have a lot of friends. I don’t have time for a full-on relationship.” I told him. “Is there anywhere we can eat? I’m famished! I slept in the plane so much and didn’t eat the food. Now I think I can eat a whole cow!” I joked and Noy’s eyes grew big before he laughed.

“You look so thin and you gonna eat a whole cow? Ayay-yay! Okay here… we gonna stop at eatery – do you know eatery? Like restaurant but cheap… you will love the food because it’s native Filipino and there’s some really good dishes in Batangas  butt will be another hour or so before we arrive at that building. You can eat first, if you want. Just tell me your trip. Do you want to go local or sosy, I mean expensive fast food or restaurants.” Noy asked and suggested at the same time. Although his grammar was often erroneous, I could understand him easily. He was also so sweet and concerned for me and even picked a wonderful place to have a late lunch.

“Why don’t you just surprise me? I prefer fast food but I leave it to your capable hands to introduce me to your local cuisine.” I sighed and tried to maintain a smile.

“We go to my kids’ favorite fast food. It has lots of branches all over the Philippines… slightly cheaper than your American fast food but still good.” He suggested and I merely nodded in response. 

I wasn’t up to eating for pleasure. I just needed to eat to keep my stomach full at the least. And then it made me think of my sweet natured brother, Joshua. Where is he? Can I still find him? Is he in a safe place? Is he alright? Is he still alive?

“I’m sorry Noy, let’s just drive and get to Batangas as soon as possible. I’ll look for someplace to eat there.” I sighed and before the driver could protest and encourage me to eat, I closed my eyes again and placed back the headphones to cover my ears.




Chapter 2


Arriving in Cuenca, Batangas, I immediately checked into the same lodgings as my brother did. After reading his journal several times, I had memorized the schedule he had the first month he was here.

The place had a cheesy name after a movie, I think. It was called “Strangers in Paradise.” 

The owners and managers were a young couple of no more than 35-40 years old. Joshua said they were nice people and so I took it upon myself to keep in contact with the two and announced my plans of going there to search for my brother myself. 

Sheena and Manny had inherited this span of land from the woman’s parents and using their savings, they decided to upgrade their family home into a four-storey commercial building the 2nd and 3rd floors as lodging for tourists and other transient travelers. 

After unpacking in my little room, composed of a bed, a cabinet and a little two-seater breakfast table, I went downstairs, to the first floor where there was an eatery owned by the same business minded people.

“Pamela, over here!” Sheena called out to me as soon as she saw me looking at the menu written on the portable blackboard by the entrance. “Hi! How was your trip?”

“It was okay. Thanks for asking. It’s so nice to finally meet you in person. I appreciate all your help and continuous updating in the past month. I don’t know what I’d do without the two of you.” I said as she ushered me to an empty two-seater. “What’s the special for today?”

“Today we have Sinigang. You must be terribly hungry! It’s like sour stew… we serve it in a clay pot, with a plate of rice and a glass of iced tea. I suggest you try it. You’re brother, Josh, ate a lot when he ordered this meal.” She gave a spiel that she sort of felt hesitant about, by the end of her intro. “And I do hope you find your brother. I hate that our police can’t even track his last whereabouts. But since this is a province and our police station is underfunded, I can’t say I expect anything from them.”

I thought about what she said. It wasn’t the first time I heard an explanation like that. Nevertheless, I plan on dropping by the station to ask about whatever they know, related to my brother. “Thank you Sheena, for your concern. Sure, I’ll have the stew minus the rice.” And then I paused. I checked the posters for beverages and decided, “And can I have a can of soda instead?” 

“Sure, Pam and if there’s anything else you might want to add, just holler okay?” She smiled brightly at me and it made me feel so welcome and at ease.

“It sounds great, Sheena.” I told her with a smile to match hers. Sheena’s English was impeccable. It was obvious that she came from a well-to-do family. “And Sheena… thanks again for helping me out. I’ll look for Joshua and I will find out what happened.” I couldn’t help but comment. She looked at me with pity in her eyes. What I just said was to reassure her and myself. It was a morale booster for me too.

“We’ll do everything we can to help you. Manny has already gone into the other town to look for the guide who assisted your brother.” Sheena held her pad and pen against her chest and looked pensive. Then she added, “We hardly know the guy and it’s weird since we all know the people at the jump-off.”

“Really? Maybe I should talk to your husband later when he comes back. I’ve got so many questions… but it can wait. I’m headed to the station after this late lunch anyway.” I explained.

“Oh yes, sorry. I’ll be back with your order.” Sheena was quick on her feet. 

I checked my mobile as I waited for the food to arrive. I was still feeling a bit dizzy and lightheaded but my investigation can’t wait. Joshua was not just my brother, he was my fraternal twin.

All throughout lunch, I thought about what Joshua was doing here. Our fascination with the supernatural world was something we developed as kids. I moved on. I studied and became a lawyer. Josh got stuck but he did make a living out of it. He wrote paranormal fiction novels that became a cult hit. He used his fund to finance his global trotting and last year, he announced, he was going around Southeast Asia to look for supernatural entities.

On his journal, he wrote about some of the things he learned in the Philippine’s folklore. The scariest among the many things in his journal was how the forest nymph’s intentions to human beings. 

The native Pinoys believed that the nymphs can be male or female and they search for “vessels” to be used as like, a meat sack. The nymphs would inhabit these human bodies in search for humans they could entice or tempt.

The nymphs preferred the beautiful and handsome humans they encounter and they are known to somehow snatch this person they want, enter his or her body and claiming the person’s soul. Then they leave the physical body empty, replacing it with their own persona or being. 

I saw Sheena and Manny discuss something rather seriously by the eatery’s counter. They occasionally took glances at me, checking to see, I guess if I was still seated. But I decided to walk up to them and begin asking question I formulated even before I booked a flight to this country.

“Hello. You two seem to be talking about something serious. Any luck finding my brother’s guide?” I asked immediately.

“We should talk upstairs, Pam. Come with us, please.” Manny spoke up and ushered me outside to the stairs.

“Marta, take charge of the register! Make sure every customer pays for their meals okay?” Sheena sounded awful bossy as she ordered her staff to take over.

“What’s wrong Sheena?” I asked impatiently as we walked upstairs to the fourth floor.

“We can talk about it in the privacy of our home, alright?” She suddenly seemed serious and irritated.

So I followed them to their sort of penthouse on the top floor. The place was spacious and bright with the sunlight flooding the plastic and semi-transparent plastic roof. But once I entered the actual house, I was surprised to see so much antique furniture in contrast to their rather contemporary building.

“Please take a seat and make yourself at home.” Manny politely told me. “Pamela, I went to the other town to ask about the guide who helped your brother go back and forth to the summit of Mt. Makiling but I was unable to find him.”

“His name’s Hector right? Josh only wrote about his first name… I don’t know his surname.” I injected. “But I’m pretty sure he was a decent guy, as far as my brother’s descriptions are concerned.”

“I saw the young man twice. He was quiet and rather aloof. I wonder where your brother found him because no one seems to actually know him at all.” He seemed distressed with the news. “Pamela, I don’t think the guide is from here at all. Hector, or whoever he is, sounds like he doesn’t really exist.”

“What? What are you saying?” I asked in sheer disbelief. “Didn’t you say you saw him?”

“I did…” Manny said slowly and even sneaked a glance at the worried Sheena. “I asked one of the most sought after guides about him and he says he hasn’t heard anyone with that name guiding trekkers up the mountain.”

“This is impossible…” I mumbled beneath my breath. “Could you help me with a more detailed sketch of the way to the police station from our spot here… please?”

“Of course… I told you we’ll help you in any way we can. You need to talk to Samuel. He knows the way up the mountain and from the looks of it, Josh could have lost his way there and wasn’t able to return. He could have gone down the other side and got lost in the other province… there are a million possibilities. Samuel knows the way. He has never gotten lost and he’s the rescue team captain of our city.”

I sighed and clasped my hands together. I uttered a silent prayer, asking for guidance. Then I spoke up. “Sure, I’d like the meet him but I’ll talk to the police first.”

“A word of advice: Samuel’s mom is known as a local faith healer. They have their rituals and prayers to please supernatural creatures that are said to take travelers with them to the other world. It’s just a thought really but there’s no harm in exhausting all the possibilities right?” Manny began to explain and then stopped. He took a deep breath as if to build up the courage to continue. “We don’t really know if we’re alone or the only human-like beings on Earth. And Mt. Makiling for one has many thick woody areas well-known to be haunted or inhabited by fairies or nymphs. We have to respect nature and whatever we feel or see because this world is so vast and mysterious. Your brother was hell bent in finding the other side… the one where these nymphs or elves or whatever you want to call them, reside.”

“So you think supernatural entities took my brother to their world?” I asked with a note of sarcasm. “That’s stuff only happens in movies!”

“You can believe whatever you want, it’s your right. But what I’m saying is there’s no harm in exhausting possibilities. I thought you and Josh are twins… but you two seem to be very different from each other.” Sheena answered my question with much patience. But she didn’t refrain from pointing out her observation.



























Chapter 3


“You have a very cool name, Prince.” I commented as the boy and I walked along the dusty streets of Batangas. Traffic was moderate but Prince wanted to walk to Samuel’s house instead of hiring the tricycles which is pretty cheap compared to taxis.

“My friends make fun of me. Prince… my parents are very brutal. I am no prince… maybe prince of poverty.” He said sourly. He was just a little boy but he already thought and acted like a mature man. It was impressive but sad, considering that he ripened ahead of time out of necessity.

“Thanks for coming with me.” I told the young boy Sheena asked to guide me to Samuel’s house. “And I think you’re a very nice young man.”

“Thank you!” He said with a crooked smile, revealing his missing two front teeth. “Okay miss beautiful.” The little boy smiled. He was no more than ten years old but he already makes a living helping tourists with odd errands. “We are here.”

And by here he meant a slightly dilapidated house, in need of a serious paint job and repairs. It wasn’t big structurally but the whole fenced property was a spacious lot filled with trees and a garden on vegetables. I hesitated in knocking but Prince didn’t. But as soon as he knocked twice, he immediately turned around to leave.

“Wait; don’t leave me just yet, Prince. I’ll knock and then you ask for Samuel.” I held the little boy by the arm. I wasn’t sure the residents of the old bungalow house spoke English as well as Prince did.

“But I’m scared of Nana Patring!” Prince took a step back but I still held him by the arm. “She’s a mangkukulam!”

“What the hell is that? A mang…” I was curious about what he just said although it was pretty hard to pronounce. “What does that mean?”

“Never mind what it means, what are you two doing here? Who are you?” A stern looking man appeared by the open door. He was wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and a pair of basketball shorts that didn’t match at all. He did look engaging though, with his deep brown eyes that I could stare at for days without end and his lean body was sculpted beautifully. He was tall for a Filipino, probably around 5’10” and had a lighter complexion than most I’ve seen in this province. I was convinced; he wasn’t a hundred percent Filipino.

“Sorry, I’m Pamela and this is…” I turned to my side to introduce Prince but he was already gone. “Well, that was Prince. Sheena and Manny told me to talk to you. Do you mind if I come in?”

“Sure, come inside and make our house another haunted house feature for some obscure website or magazine.” His English was impeccable but his manners weren’t exactly pleasant.

“No, I am not a member of any press outfit. I’m a lawyer from Phoenix, Arizona, USA.” I explained and extended my hand for him to shake. But he merely looked at it, like I didn’t wash after a visit to the toilets.

“What do you want? Why did Sheena tell you to come here?” He moved aside and sort of told me by his gesture that I can come in.

“I’m actually looking for my brother Joshua who stayed in Strangers in Paradise and went up the mountain, I mean Mt. Makiling several times in search for something supernatural.” I began and stopped after hearing how stupid I made my brother seem like. I still kept myself at the front of the door, not going in. “He’s a writer and he’s written two bestsellers and was looking for another kind of creature of folklore that he could write a story about. He ended up here in the Philippines and has been missing for a month now.”
“Are you coming inside to talk or not? I’d prefer my neighbors don’t hear me talking about such matters.” He asked icily.

I hesitated for a couple of seconds but then changed my mind. I went inside the old house and saw how clean and organized it was from the inside. The place was a bit bare but it was homey and inviting.

“I’m sorry for seeming unfriendly. Our house is often disturbed by people who want to ask my mother for help with curses and other stuff like the occult. She doesn’t do that anymore. She’s resting right now and I don’t want her to be disturbed.” 

“I see… well my coming here has nothing to do with her.” I smiled and explained. “I’m sorry to interrupt whatever you were doing but I need your help in climbing Makiling to search for my brother.”

“Joshua’s your brother?” Sam asked like he was surprised to learn about it. Apparently he knew my brother. “You don’t look like him.”

“He’s actually my fraternal twin. I’ve dealt with his disappearance the old fashioned way by asking the local authorities to help. The lodge owners filed a missing persons report for me but there hasn’t been any update for a whole month now.” I took a deep breath. I couldn’t force a smile anymore. “I’m willing to pay you. The lodge owners and other residents told me that you’re the best guide here. Your reputation precedes you and I want the best to be with me to amped up my chances at finding my brother.”

“I can take you there.” He answered plainly. “But, I hope you don’t mind my telling you this, if he’s there, I should have found him by now.”

“I admire your confidence. I won’t argue since I hear you’re the best guide in this area and a rescue team member too.” My skills as a convincing lawyer were not put to test. I believe honesty is still the best policy so I told him exactly how I felt. “But I won’t rest until I find him so might as well help me and make some money.”

“I’m so sorry to waste your time but I don’t really take part in rescue missions anymore.” Samuel turned around and looked out the window. “I haven’t really gone up the mountain for a whole year. There are other guides you can ask help from…”

“Really? Because Sheena gave me this newspaper clipping and it has your picture in it.” I placed the piece of paper on top of their center table.

The article read:

Aksyon.com
December 7, 2012

Laguna, Philippines - the decomposing bodies of two students were found floating in a natural pool in Mt. Makiling at the University of the Philippines Los Baños, Laguna, on Thursday afternoon.

City Councilor Jeffrey Gallardo, through Facebook, said the two bodies were recovered at 9:30 p.m. in a mountain creek known to the UPLB community as "Flat rocks". The university campus, which includes areas of the Mt. Makiling Forest Reserve, is under the jurisdiction of Batong Malake.

Gallardo initially said the bodies belonged to a man and woman in their 20s. They were not immediately identifiable as they were in an advanced stage of decomposition.

The bodies were brought to the Philippine National Police crime laboratory at Camp Vicente Lim in Canlubang, Laguna, for autopsy.

PNP-Laguna later identified the victims as Maricris Cabale, a third-year BS Computer Science student and Nelson Valdez, a third-year BS Nutrition student.
Initial findings suggest that the students accidentally drowned, and investigators said there were no indications of foul play. But being seasoned mountaineers, rumors of supernatural reasons of their death have been circulating among the local residents.

Aksyon.com sources said Cabale and Valdez went hiking on Sunday morning and a roommate had positively identified one of the bodies through the recovered personal effects and clothes. 

The bodies were supposedly discovered by a group of mountaineers that went swimming in the creek. Samuel Ladinez, a Batangas guide who frequently takes his clients up Makiling through a trail that starts in Batangas said he discovered the bodies at around 2:45 p.m. on Thursday. He strayed from the group he was with and went upstream to gather banana leaves and smelled something "really bad". One source told Aksyon.com that they saw the bodies floating in a deep natural pool surrounded by huge slabs of rocks, hence the name of the area.

Los Banos PNP and UPLB officials are now discussing additional possible measures to prevent such incidents from happening again. 

University officials, however, insisted that they have a monitoring system for the trekking area of Mt. Makiling in place but there are other entry points in the forest reserve that are beyond the university's control, such as those areas already under the jurisdiction of Batangas.

Samuel’s eyes were fixed on the news article. He seemed unmoved but he couldn’t take his attention away from the news article with his picture pointing to bodies covered in blankets. I was about to say something but my attention was drawn elsewhere.

“Samuel, you didn’t even inform me of our visitor.” A woman, maybe around fifty to fifty-five, came out of a room and joined us in the sitting room. I was seated on the couch and she sat beside me. “Hello dear... Has Samuel at least offered you a drink?”

I shook my head and extended a hand. “Oh no, it’s not necessary. I’m just here to hire your son as my guide to search for my brother who I suspect got lost in the mountain. I’m Pamela, by the way.”

”Hello Pamela… I’m Samuel’s mother Patricia. Welcome to our humble abode. You’ve come to the right person to ask for help. Samuel will help you, right?” she looked at her soon expectantly. 

“Of course, mama, I will.” He smiled nicely at the both of us. “When do you plan on heading up?”

“Tomorrow morning, around six in the morning…” I answered promptly. I didn’t mention his refusal earlier afraid I’d get him in trouble with his mom. “Here’s a thousand pesos for one day. I’ll pay you the rest when we come down.” 

“That’s too much my dear… you know Samuel used to guide lovely women up the mountain for nothing. I know you must be worried sick about your brother, but you don’t have to offer my son that huge amount. He’ll help you. He’s a nice young man...”

“Mama, stop it. Don’t embarrass me, please…” Samuel put his hand up his forehead to slap it. He must be really embarrassed about his mother’s overly affectionate behavior towards him when he’s already a grown man.

“It’s alright, ma’am. I would like to pay him for his services as I prefer to be paid whenever I do something of the sort. I’m a lawyer in Phoenix, Arizona and my twin brother is a writer. Have you met him? Has your mother seen Joshua?” I asked eagerly.

“No, mama rarely goes out of the house nowadays because her lungs weakened thanks to her constant smoking.” Samuel replied.

“Well then, Samuel now has a deal with you. That’s settled. We can now have some snacks. We have some rice cakes I cooked earlier. Would you like some?” She asked and her expectant look made me say yes, the way she did her son. “And please, call me Patricia…”

“Sure Patricia. I’d love that.” I responded. “What kind of rice cakes are we talking about?”

“It’s called Biko in our native language. It’s actually Samuel’s all-time favorite Filipino dessert or snack item. It is made up of 4 ingredients—which, in a pinch, can even be cut down to 3: sticky rice, coconut milk and brown sugar. It is so simple to make and requires no special tools or pans.” Patricia led me to their dining area and served me two slices of the brown rice cake that looked a little too oily for my taste. “I know you’ll like it. Samuel, buy our guest a soda, will you? And get some ice too!”

Patricia’s hospitality was impressive. She was a really nice woman and she’s so proud of Samuel who apparently has finished a nursing degree but has opted to stay in the province to keep an eye on his mother.

“People have easily judged our family…” Samuel explained over the wonderfully sweet and delicious rice cakes. “And I can’t trust mama to live on her own so I applied as nurse in the local hospital and volunteers as a rescue team member as well to put my studies in good use.” 

“That’s so nice of him, Patricia. He must love you a lot. And you’re right to be proud of him.” I smiled and touched the woman’s hand. She seemed to appreciate it and even squeezed my hand.

“Yes I am. You hold on to family dearly otherwise, what is life worth living for, right? So I am going to pray that you find your brother with my son’s help and that you get to leave this country with him and go back home happy.” Patricia said firmly but tenderly as well.

“Thank you, Patricia. I appreciate it.” I sighed but followed it up quickly with a smile.
We finished the delicious rice cakes and said goodbye to each other. But Patricia asked her son to walk me back to the main road so we’d also get the chance to talk about the climb. I protested, but to no avail.

“I’ll walk you out to the main road. You should ride a tricycle back to the lodge because it’s getting dark.” Samuel suggested and I smiled back at him, accepting the offer. I had no choice since they were not going to let me go back alone anyway.

“I will pray that you find your brother. I hope also that he didn’t get lost in the mountains.” Patricia sighed and then gave me a hug. She smelled like coconut milk and flowers, so intoxicating. “Go on children…” She teased and walked us both out the door.

I followed Samuel down the rough roads. He was a quick walker and it made me almost run after him just to keep up. “Slow down!”

“I’m sorry… I just have a lot in my mind.” He stopped and waited for me to catch up. “Are you tired? I can call a ride while you wait here.”

“No, I want to walk all the way out to the main road. I guess having a tummy full of sweet sticky rice made me so much heavier my feet can hardly carry my body.” I laughed and tried to catch my breath.

“We’ll slow down.” He announced and presented his arm for me to hold on to. I graciously accepted and gave him one of my sweetest and charming smiles ever while flicking my bangs to the side.

Samuel, Joshua and I were of the same height but this guy looked strong and powerful. He seemed to be almost perfect in body and face. I have never seen a man this beautiful before. His tanned, golden brown skin looked absolutely delectable I wanted so much to touch it. So when he offered his arm, I accepted it without a second thought. 

I felt myself getting attracted to this reluctant nice guy with dimples that dug deep on his cheeks. He also had a way about him that was so sure and confident. I envied it and like all of it at the same time. 

If only we met under different circumstances.


























Chapter 4 


Following my brothers footsteps I left Cuenca, Batangas to stay in another lodging here in San Miguel. Samuel and I stayed in separate rooms. The weather was pouring so he decided to postpone the climb we had scheduled in the wee morning of today. 

Joshua said in his journal that hiking is a fun way to explore a new place, connect with nature and it’s so much better as a workout than any usual cardiovascular exercise inside the gym. He reported good weather and a perfect day to climb Makiling for the first time. But when Samuel and I arrived there, it was raining cats and dogs.

We decided to let the rains abate and checked in a lodging house around seven in the morning after a bus ride from Cuenca to Sto. Tomas. 

I began researching more about Mt. Makiling as I lay on the soft bed, with my focus on my laptop. I searched high and low for articles about the dangers of the mountain, but aside from trekking accidents and mishaps, there was not much mention of anything else. 

According to most information I gathered from the internet, Mt. Makiling is a popular hiking destination. Apparently, there are two major trails: one that begins at the UPLB College of Forestry and another that begins where I was right now, in Brgy. San Miguel, Sto. Tomas, Batangas. The UPLB trail is more commonly used and it takes four to five hours to reach the summit of peak 2. 

The second trail, known as Maktrav, starts in Sto. Tomas. This route is more difficult and requires six to seven hours to reach the summit. Both trails are generally established and safe, although throughout the years there have been occasional reports of fatal accidents and injuries, especially on the Sto. Tomas’ side. 

Climbers also frequently encounter leeches along the way but that is easy to avoid. Samuel told me to rub shampoo on my arms and legs to keep the leeches from attaching themselves to my limbs and even my face.

My researching was interrupted by a knock on the door. “Who is it?” I called out without getting out of bed.

“It’s me, Samuel.” He said against the thick door. The room I was in was good for one or two people, ideally a couple who would cuddle in the single-sized bed. The paint was light pink and blue and had some drawings of flowers and butterflies that made it look like a child’s bedroom. There was a wooden table and a single wooden chair. 

The bathrooms were located at the end of the hallway and it was unisex but with cubicles that offered privacy. The amenities were limited, but at least it was cheap and passable.

I hurriedly got up and opened the door. “Hey, come in.” I said quickly. But instead of walking inside my room, he smiled and stayed put.

“I thought maybe you’d like an early lunch out.” He suggested and took a deep breath as he waited for my response. 

“Sure, I’d love to.” I replied enthusiastically. “Let me just go get my jacket.”

“Great, I’ll wait for you downstairs.” He replied and turned away. “Don’t take too long or it’s going to start pouring again and we’ll never be able to leave.”

“I’ll be right down.” I said nicely and closed the door behind him and decided to freshen up.

I hurried to change my clothes. I put on my skinny jeans and hi-cut boots, in case the roads are wet and muddy. Then I put on a sheer floral sleeveless top that flowed with my every movement. I checked my reflection in my compact mirror and saw how oily my face was. 
So I put on some light face powder, tied my hair into a pony tail and put on cherry red lip gloss to put some color in my face. I envied the Filipinos brown creamy skin. Mine was so pale and needed some sun. 

I searched for a thinner jacket inside my backpack and went through my must-haves for the climb. First big object I pulled out was my durable tent. It had sleeping accommodations for two and is essential to protect me from the elements. 

Then I pulled out my sleeping bag that functions as a bed, a blanket, and a protective bag at the same time. Then I pulled out the bag the following things: my trekking shoes, my headlamp, my first aid kid, and a couple of plastic bags to cover my things when it rains up the mountain.

And under all of these, was my trusty jacket which I didn’t really plan on taking on the trek. It was a soft raspberry colored hooded jacket that always makes me feel just as comfy and cozy as if I was back in my own bed. It has a floral lace of ivory and cream trimming the front and lining the hood and it looked delicately feminine. But what I loved most about this jacket was that it perfectly fuses function and fashion. It’s perfect with my skinny jeans and boots. 

I went down to the exit/entrance and passed by the front desk. “Miss Pamela?” the young woman who manned the desk called out my name. She was also the one who checked us in. 

“Yes?” I answered casually and retraced my steps back to the desk. 

“I think you’re really pretty. Do you mind if I take a picture with you?” She said embarrassedly.

“Oh… but I’m not a celebrity!” I laughed and approached her.

“But you surely look like one.” She smiled sweetly. “I’m Maria by the way.” And then she left the desk and pulled out a sophisticated mobile phone. “I hope you don’t mind…I rarely see foreigners as lovely as you.”

“Thank you, Maria. It’s really nice to meet you.” I extended my hand and she graciously shook it, bowing several times and giggling too.

“Say cheese!” She said and took a ‘selfie’ with me. “Thank you so much, Pamela. Oh by the way, your cute boyfriend is in the parking lot waiting for you. You’ll see him immediately as you leave the building.”

“Thank you…” I laughed and decided to correct this misinformation. “But he’s not my boyfriend. He’s actually my guide.” 

“Oh! I’m sorry… Samuel rarely guides people up the mountain anymore.” She went back behind the desk. “So, you know… I thought you were his girlfriend. My apologies...”

“That’s okay. See you later Maria.” I waved at her and left. 

“By the way, Pamela can I give you a word of advice if it’s okay for me to tell you one?” She paused and stared at me. I shrugged my shoulders and then nodded to make her continue. “Don’t stay too long up the mountain. Lovely girls like you often catch the eyes of the residents up there; you must know what I mean. 

“I’m not sure if I get what you’re saying but…” the phone rang and I got cut off mid-sentence. She ran to pick it up and I turned around to go outside and look for Sam.

“Over here…” Samuel called out to me. He was standing beside a tricycle with so many decals.

“Nice ride.” I teased. “Finally, I can get to try one of these.”
“You sit inside. I’ll sit behind the driver.” He instructed.

“But won’t you get wet?” I argued. It was still drizzling after all.

“That’s okay… we’re covered.” He laughed and helped the driver pull down a transparent plastic sheet.

“Oh I see…” I nodded and slowly got inside by crawling. I was too tall to fit inside but I did and it surprised me. “Where to?” I called out aloud.

“You’ll know it when you see it.” He chuckled as the driver kick started the noisy engine.

We noisily hurried through the streets but we stopped almost ten minutes later. It wasn’t that far but it was raining which is why Samuel thought of taking me on a tricycle ride.

“Well that was quick.” I commented as I crawled out of the little contraption.

“I hope you enjoyed the air.” He smiled and paid the driver.

“Wait, I should be the one paying for it.” I scrambled through my purse but didn’t make it in time. 

“No need. It’s only twenty pesos.” Samuel smiled nicely and just awed me by looking so damn handsome. His dimples were so prominent and his eyes, although they had a darkness about them was so inviting. 

“So what is this place?” I looked around and saw a street filled with food stalls, souvenir shops and more. “Where are we eating lunch?”

“Right here in the middle of the street!” He answered spiritedly and held my hand as we went through crowds after crowds of people lines up before food stalls. He put my hood up as the rain gently trickled down from the heavens. It was a light drizzle but I felt cool and I enjoyed the weather. Samuel was wearing a hooded jacket himself but his was much thicker than mine. He towered above the crowd and was glanced at by many women and even girls. He was such a sight to behold.

Many of the residents there greeted him even though this was no longer his hometown. He looks like he’s known all over Batangas.

“Where are we going?” I asked but my question was drowned out by the noise of the colorfully designed jeepney barkers calling for passengers, the store owners calling their customers and everybody else seemed to be in high spirits, talking and laughing like there was no tomorrow.

The first part of the challenge was scrambling. It was sliding past throngs of people who all had different directions to go. Some were stationary, even in the middle of the road and I thought it was just inconsiderate. 

At first I said excuse me to everyone I passed through but then I got tired eventually. Samuel continued walking and guiding me towards the center of the market-like area. Then he turned around like a bright idea just popped into his head. “The weather’s a bit cold. Would you like some lugaw? It’s like porridge only it’s made of sticky rice and chicken stock and sometimes chicken feet. It’s really good, you know! Come on…”

We settled in some plastic chairs in front of a food stall that sold ‘lugaw’ as they all called it here. I chose a plain bowl with hardboiled egg and then got another plate with sliced crispy fried tofu. It looked wonderful and tasted awesome especially when I squeezed the little citrus into it.

“This is really good. I’d like to take off my jacket now, because it’s pretty hot!” I laughed and struggled to remove my raspberry hooded jacket. Samuel automatically assisted me. There were other tourists in the area but I had a purpose for being here although I was pretty much distracted. “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome…” He smiled and returned his attention to the food.

“So tell me about Joshua and about the instances you two met. I would really love to know more about what he did here…” I said before taking a spoonful of the porridge into my mouth.

“Well, he took the Sto. Tomas trail with his guide. I forgot the guy’s name… it was the first time I’ve seen him but I didn’t put much thought to it because I hardly spoke to your brother. The only time we did talk was at the jump-off. They were registering their names and I was hanging around idly. He took a picture of me and asked me all sorts of questions.

“What kind of questions?” I asked hurriedly. I don’t know why I waited this long to ask him about my brother but it did take me quite a while.

“He asked me about the residents of Mt. Makiling…” He placed his spoon down and looked at me straight in the eye. “Joshua, your brother, explained that he wrote about the paranormal and that he was tremendously interested in the other residents of Mt. Makiling. He wanted to see one up close… the ones who lived deep in the forest.”

“You mean the Engkantos? The forest nymph?” I asked knowingly.

“More like forest deities. They’re way too powerful to be nymphs…” A customer beside us explained in crisp and clear English.

“So, you know more than you’re showing me.” He laughed dryly and resumed eating. “Good for you. It should make you steer clear of the mountain… but no, you’re actually going up there.”

“Where did you last see Joshua?” Now I was serious. Although I was easily attracted to Sam, I felt this little voice inside my head telling me there’s something off about him.

“I last him at near peak one he was looking for his guide. I volunteered to find him at the nearest campsite but then I came back for him, my friends told me that they found each other and that was it.” Samuel looked me straight in the eyes as he told me this. 

Something may be off about him but he definitely wasn’t lying. I could tell because I had cross-examined criminals before in and out of court. I watched as he put the bowl up to his lips and drank the remaining porridge in his bowl. He had put too many black pepper and garlic on his porridge and even poured fish sauce in it. 

I did what he did and finished off my food. Unexpectedly and uncontrollably, I burped. It made Samuel laugh aloud.
But I was still trying to dig more information about my brother so I continued asking him. “Do you think we can ask around in the campsites?” 

“Of course… there are a lot of regular mountaineers up the mountain. They’re watching over the mountain and keeping it clean. They may know more than I do because at the time I went up, solo trekked, and I was pretty emotional.” When he revealed this, I could read the hurt in his eyes and entire face.

“Why? What happened?” I asked some more and finished off my soda in can. “Please tell me.”

“I broke up with my girlfriend of two years.” He took a deep breath and answered my questions. “That’s why I climbed Makiling for the… I don’t know… maybe the hundredth time… so I could be alone. But then I lost the drive to climb, even to help the missing climbers. I started to ask, 'why climb the mountains at all if you can’t really do it?' Right?”

“Oh… I’m terribly sorry to hear that.” I politely told him. “And I sort of get your sentiment. But as for me, I only know basics of climbing. I did rock climbing with Joshua back in Arizona but that’s about it. I haven’t really been in a tropical country climbing rainforests and… well, I just hope I find Josh. I just hope I find him and can bring him back home to Arizona. Our family is inconsolable, not knowing what really happened to him.”

“It’s been more than a month since he’s been gone. As I told you earlier, the time he went up the mountain, I was there for three days straight. If he got lost somewhere or had an accident, I would have found him but I didn’t which is weird. Maybe he isn’t in the mountain, you know? Have you explored other possibilities?”

“Yes, I have and there is not much to go on aside from the last entry in his journal. And I also have this feeling that maybe he left the memory stick intentionally for someone to find. It’s like he’s talking to me in the entries.” I paused for a moment and thought hard. “I should have made you read the last couple of days in the journal. It’s been all about climbing the mountain and finding this spot, where there’s a pond or something or a small waterfalls where he saw this beautiful woman taking a bath in the nude. His guide has been helping him find the location of that spot but he never got around to writing about finding it and meeting the woman up close. In his words, ‘She’s a lovely woman with an ethereal aura about her. Paler than the average Filipina she was taller too and had long black hair was dark as the night and eyes were another universe altogether. Even from a far, I could tell, I would never see a lovelier specimen…’ that’s what he last talked about excitedly in his journal.” I took a deep breath after this revelation. 

“Maybe I should read the journal when we get back. We should postpone until tomorrow morning. I will rewrite our IT.” He replied.

“I know the weather’s still horrible but we can push through since it’s not pouring like it was earlier...” I said and suddenly lightning and thunder hit somewhere close. Some of the people in the market screamed in surprise. “How will I ever find my brother? It seems everything is going against me.” 

“But we’ll be climbing up the mountain tomorrow. We both can ask around… I promised you and my mom that I would do whatever I can to help you. Rest assured that if there are any clues up the mountain about your brother, we’ll find it.” Samuel confidently explained. 

Around thirty minutes later, we rode a tricycle back to the lodge. But I made sure I bought even more supplies including a bottle of wine in the grocery store nearby. I was too agitated; I needed to calm down a bit. I bought food I can cook for our dinner later. If it was pouring, we should just stay in and wait until tomorrow.






















Chapter 5

“Well we can’t go out in this weather.” I explained to Dave. “It will be like suicide because the trails will be extra slippery.”

“But I’m not hurrying you up the mountain, Pam. I’m hurrying you up to go back home.” He sighed. 

It was obvious that he was unhappy with my decision to fly to the Philippines and personally search for my brother. But who was he to tell me what to do?

“We should be back down the mountain after two days and one night up the peak.” I replied. “Then I’ll follow up leads and then go back there.”

“Why don’t you just ask help from the local government?” He asked in an irritated voice.

“I already did…” I replied with patience. “I know you want me back there but seriously Dave, what for?”

“I miss you already Pam.” He revealed. “I thought it was obvious.”

“Dave I know you care about me. I care about you two and I miss you terribly but things between us are too complicated. You haven’t asked me out on a real date for the last three years that we’ve been close friends. You act like my boyfriend but you’ve never really told me how you’ve felt about me.” I tried to sound nice but still get to the point.

“I thought you were out of signal range because I haven’t heard from you in a while.” He commented. “I just hope you’re okay there and you’re not putting yourself in more risk that you planned.”

“You’re changing the subject.” I laughed. “Don’t worry much about me. I’m not worried about me, Dave. I need to find Josh because I know he’s still out there in the looming shadow that is Mt. Makiling. And I’m confident of my guide, Samuel.” I replied and rolled over to my back, staring up the ceiling. “He can help me find Josh, I know it.”

“Yes, you’ve said that before. He seems to be the only topic we’re talking about instead of updates on your search for your brother...”

“Pamela?” I heard Samuel knock on the door again. “Are you awake?”

“Yeah…hang on a second.” I called back in a hurry because I wasn’t wearing anything decent. “Hang on a second Dave. I’ll call you right back, okay?”

“Sure Pamela. Take care.” He said and then hung up.

I pulled the robe off the rack and covered myself. “Come in, the door’s open. You can come in, you know?” I called out to him, like I did earlier and then waited for him to turn the doorknob open.

I was wearing a tank top and shorts pajama pair both in light pink and blue designs. It looked pretty juvenile for me but I liked being very feminine when I go to sleep. 

It wasn’t a decent outfit for Samuel to see. Apart from Dave, Samuel was the second man to purposely ignore my sexual appeal.

“Alright.” I heard him say as he opened the door. I tied my robe around the waist and stared at Samuel expectantly.

“What’s up?” I asked casually. 

“I want to thank you for the dinner you prepared for us. It was really good.” He began as he walked towards me. I took a seat on the edge of the bed. “May I sit?”

“Sure…” I replied with a smile and waited for him to complete what he intends to tell me. “Go ahead, spill the beans.”

“I’m sorry I left in hurry and didn’t even finish the pasta you cooked. I did finish it before I came up. It was really, really good.” He smiled and let the dimples dig in the sides of his cheeks. I enjoyed the view and got distracted. “Manny called and said he found the guide who took your brother up Makiling.”

“Really?” I asked aloud and stood up instantly. “Where is he?”

“He’s been dead for more than twenty years.” He replied in a face with an expression I couldn’t follow.

“How could that be?” I slowly sat back down. His words didn’t make sense. “Josh was with a ghost?”

“Nope, I don’t think so.” Sam replied. “I think it was just taking the form or shape of the man who got lost in the same mountain twenty years ago. His body was never found.”

“What is taking the shape of dead people?” I asked incredulously. “You said, ‘it’ and I don’t get what you’re saying to me.”

“I don’t know what but I grew up in this province. And just any other place that is a little left behind by modernization, local folklore here is alive. Many people think that forests nymphs took that man twenty years ago. Where they took him, if you’re going to ask, I don’t have a clue.” He stopped for a moment and looked at me and sighed. “Pamela, keep an open mind. There are stories about my own mother too… but I don’t want to get into it right now. The point is, if your brother is in the mountain, we have to get up there as soon as possible because no one has been found missing up there for more than a month.”
 
“Please don’t say that when we didn’t climb today.” I covered my ears. “Does it mean that I’m letting my twin brother down just because it was raining?”

“We don’t even know where to begin…” Samuel moved sit beside me. He ran his hand up and down my back to calm me down. I sobbed in fear that my brother could still be in the mountain alive or otherwise but being taken by supernatural beings. “Pamela, hush down. We’re still going to look for him and we start early tomorrow. I drafted an itinerary for us to follow and stay on schedule.” 

He handed me a piece of paper and a cigarette. I haven’t smoked for six months and I wasn’t planning on starting the night before my physical strength is tested. I shook my head but Samuel still lit it anyway.

“It’s good to calm you down.” He handed it to me. It was a Marlboro, my brand and flavor, red.

“Thank you.” I took a puff and let the smoke deep in my lungs. Then I coughed badly. Samuel took the cigarette from me and put it out in a garbage bin. Then he hurried to hand me a glass of water. I had a tray with a pitcher of water on the breakfast table and he gave me a glass with I gratefully drank.

“See? Now you’re not crying anymore.” He announced while trying to hide his smile. “It worked right?” He was about to burst into laughter.

“Shut up! You’re an asshole, Samuel. A grade-A asshole.” I coughed some more but regained my composure soon enough. “Let me look at your schedule.” I spoke calmly now.


0500 At KM. 64, take tricycle 'Mt. Makiling'
0530 ETA jump-off. No registration required. Proceed to Rest house for Interview
0600 ETA Rest house and Interviews
0630 ETA Station 1 then Station 2 
0700 Find trail left of Rocky River
0930 Merge with main trail (marked with red and white ribbons). Follow it to the right 1000 ETA Melkas Ridge campsite. Snacks and Interview
1030 Commence Melkas Ridge crossing
1100 ETA Peak 3. Follow Wild Boar trail to Peak 2
1300 ETA Peak 2 (Mt. Makiling summit). Late lunch and Interviews
1400 Set up camp and go to refill at water source
1500 Rest and Recreation and more interviews at the campsite
1700 Preparation for dinner
2000 Socialization and more interviews


“It’s still incomplete.” He said quickly as I began to scan the paper.

“Yeah, I can see that.” I replied with a faint smile. “And you’re giving me an hour for interviews and other tasks one at a time.”

“It’s okay.” He said with a smile. “We can adjust depending on the number of people we pass by on the way. We’ll try to talk to the regulars and the residents too.”

“It’s a really great plan… but we’ll still be at the mercy of the weather tomorrow.” I said sadly. “I hope it clears up.”

“I feel it is going to… have a little faith Attorney Pamela.” He nudged me on the side with his elbow. “I’ll do my very best to help you. Just promise me you won’t cry like that anymore. It’s unsettling, you know?”

“I’m sorry but it’s my brother we’re talking about here. He’s the only family I have right now. My parents divorced and when we were no longer minors, Josh and I decided to leave almost immediately. We worked and toiled and did our best without our parents help until we graduated from college, after taking up different courses.” I took a deep breath before continuing. “Then we went on our own after I got accepted in a big firm in Phoenix. Josh stayed in Mesa but we kept in touch. When we had time, we would meet half way and we’d talk for hours and just spend time together. I am incomplete without Josh. He’s my rock.”

“Don’t you have a boyfriend back in America?” Samuel asked straightforwardly.

“I don’t have time for a full-time relationship. I work a lot and bring work at home… so I barely get the chance to socialize. This is my first ever leave since I started working for the firm.” I laughed weakly.

“A beautiful and successful young woman, still single… I find that hard to believe.” Samuel teased. “But you’ve had boyfriends before?”

“Yes, three serious relationships in the past five years. None of them worked out though and I had my heart set on my best friend, Dave, who doesn’t seem to see me as more than his friend.” I revealed. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be talking about this.”

“Maybe we could use some time getting to know each other.” He began. “But first, could you show me Joshua’s journal?”

“Oh yeah, sure; I almost forgot about that.” I scrambled on the bed and pulled up my laptop. Samuel sat beside me; we both rested our backs on the headboard of the bed. The closeness of our bodies was intoxicating and had it been a different situation, I wouldn’t wait for him to make a move. I’d initiate the first move.

Music was playing from the laptop as Samuel seriously read the last couple of entries. The music playing at the moment was Ed Sheeran’s first album with Asylum records. 
‘Give Me Love’ was the song playing when Samuel placed the laptop down on the bed and stared at me.

Give me love like her,
'cause lately I've been waking up alone,
Paint splattered teardrops on my shirt,
Told you I'd let them go,

And that I'll fight my corner,
Maybe tonight I'll call ya,
After my blood turns into alcohol,
No, I just wanna hold ya.

I left the bed, feeling uneasy with the way he silently stared and opened the bottle of wine that we didn’t get to finish during dinner. I poured wine into two glasses and handed one to Sam as I held one in my hand as well.

“Thank you.” He said graciously and took the glass from my hand, letting our skin touch ever so lightly.

Give a little time to me or burn this out,
We'll play hide and seek to turn this around,
All I want is the taste that your lips allow,
My, my, my, my, oh give me love,

Give me love like never before,
'cause lately I've been craving more,
And it's been a while but I still feel the same,

Maybe I should let you go,
You know I'll fight my corner,
And that tonight I'll call ya,
After my blood is drowning in alcohol,
No I just wanna hold ya.

“Why are you standing there?” Samuel asked me after taking a sip of the wine. “I won’t bite, Pam.”

“I don’t think you’re the type. But I know I am. This is all well and good, but it’s the most inappropriate time.” I sat back down beside him and even moved closer than before. But what I told him was true. Even he understood what I meant to say.

“I guess you’re right.” He said sadly. “I do wish we had met under different circumstances.”

“Really? You really feel that way?” I laughed and asked him. But then he touched my hand and continued to hold it, letting our fingers intertwine.

“Yes, I really do. I think you’re a nice person, a beautiful woman and a loving sister. As a friend, at least that’s what I think we already are, I think you’re cool.” 

Give a little time to me or burn this out,
We'll play hide and seek to turn this around,
All I want is the taste that your lips allow,
My, my, my, my, oh give me love,


“Gosh that song… it’s just beautiful.” I changed the topic. “Don’t you think so?”

“Yeah, it’s nice… a bit too emotional for my taste though.” He smiled as he answered my question. “I like Jason Mraz more especially his song entitled ‘Beautiful Mess.’ Are you familiar with it?”

“Like duh?! But he’s an emotional song writer too!” I argued and turned the music’s volume up. “That’s not fair.”

“But at least his songs are more upbeat!” He retorted and pulled the laptop from me and browsed through the albums I had stored in its memory. “Sheeran’s songs are beautiful especially with the lyrics and all. But then again, I prefer to be kept awake than turn into a narcoleptic because of a boring song.”

“Now that’s just mean!” I retorted but the got distracted when a sudden cold chill blasted through the windows and I felt my spine tingling like in horror movies. The hairs on my arms were standing up too. “Whoa! That was cold; even I thought that was cold!”

“Yeah, that was way too cold. Like it came from a refrigerator or something…” Samuel’s words drifted into the wind. He stood up and checked outside the window while I stayed seated on the bed. “What the hell was that?” He asked no one in particular.

“Can you close them for me?” I asked him with a shiver.

He didn’t respond. He just closed the windows after taking a look outside the window. I don’t know what bugged him but something did. 

“Get some sleep.” He ordered me after kissing my forehead to my surprise.

“Can’t you sleep here?” I asked him. “Something bothered you and now I’m scared and I don’t know why. I don’t want to be alone here... is that okay with you?”
“Well it’s not going to be proper.” He teased me. His eyes were now bright again. A moment ago, I thought his eyes registered anger. “But okay, I’ll sleep on the floor.”

“I’m scared and I can feel something wrong… or off. I can’t explain it. All I know is that I don’t want to sleep alone tonight.” I said adamantly. “So please stay and don’t make me beg.”

“Alright, I’ll sleep on the floor. Help me out with a bed sheet and blanket, will you?” He said casually and avoided my eyes. We made a bed on the floor, right beside the bed I was in. It was late anyway so after a couple of cigarettes and small talk, we called it a night.

“I’ll be right here when you need me.” He said this after settling down on his makeshift bed.

“Thank you. I appreciate this.” I smiled prettily and headed to the bathroom for my nighttime beauty ceremonies.

Then I returned to see Samuel sleeping soundly on the floor beside my bed. I felt safe immediately. 



















Chapter 6


“What are you doing here Joshua?” I asked my twin brother when I awoke to find him sitting on the edge of my bed, in my very own room in my new house in Phoenix.”They said you were lost in the mountain called Makiling…”

“I wasn’t lost, Pamela. I should have left them alone… but I was too stubborn and too arrogant. I thought I would understand them and they’d understand me. But there are forces in this world that we cannot even begin to imagine. Their powers are too much for someone like me to understand. ” He responded in a voice that sounded like an echo. “But I came back to warn you.” He didn’t even turn to look at me. “Leave now and go back home! They already have a taste of our blood. If they sense you near, they will do anything to draw you to them.”

“What the hell are you talking about Joshua? And why are we back to my home in Phoenix?” I sat upright and removed the blankets that covered my body. I moved beside my twin and placed an arm around him. “Joshua, I miss you but don’t talk like that, okay? You’re scaring me, Josh. If you want me out of here, you have to tell me more!”
 
Joshua stood up and stared at me. His face was pale. It was him but he looked weirdly different, like he was an apparition or something. “You don’t understand me, Pamela. This is a dream. I am real but I’m not really here anymore. I have to warn you. You don’t need to look for me. I can no longer be found. And you’re putting yourself and your friend Sam into the same trouble Hector brought me into.”

“What are you talking about? If you are up the mountain, Samuel and I will find you there!” I cried out to him as he faded into the night. “Don’t you go anywhere Joshua! Mom and dad will never forgive me if I don’t try and find you.”

“What if I told you they were happy to see me again at last?” He smiled and somehow it made me feel better. But the tears continued to stream down my face. “Don’t cry sis, I am in a better place now. But you, you still have a long way to go… forget about the mountain.”

“Are you telling me you’re dead? What happened to you, Joshua? You have to tell me or I’ll go up that mountain and look for you anyway!”

“Please Pamela… go home.” He said once more and then faded away. “please…”

I jumped out of bed after him but there was no floor beneath my feet. I fell down a height and screamed until I was out of air. I felt like I was falling off a cliff or something. 

“Joshua help!” but he was nowhere in sight. Instead I heard another familiar voice call out my name. 

“Pamela!” Samuel called out. “Pamela!”

I felt his strong hands shake me back to reality. I woke up with a start, tears still streamed down my eyes as I tried to catch my breath. “Samuel! I had a terrible dream… or was it a dream! It was Joshua! He told me to leave… oh no, I think he’s dead and it was a ghost I was speaking to!”

“Calm down, Pamela! You were just having a nightmare.” He spoke calmly and continued to hold my by the shoulders. I let myself fall into his arms. I was too scared, shaking and out of breath. “Do you want a glass of water? I’ll go get you one…”

“No, I… please hold me.” I stammered. “Don’t leave me here.”

And for the next couple of minutes, I cried in his arms and just let it all out. The loss of my brother never felt this real until I actually dreamt of him. 

“I told you I won’t, remember?” Samuel said softly into my ear. He held me tight against his chest and just let me release all this welled up emotions. “Just let it all out, Pamela. Tomorrow, there’s no stopping us from searching for your brother. I promise you, we will find him.”

“But what if… what if we find a corpse?” I asked slowly and softly, like I wasn’t supposed to say such a thing but I was being realistic.

“Then at least, you’ll be able to give him a proper burial, fly him back to the US… Let’s hope for the best but prepare for the worst, okay?” Samuel told me confidently. “We can’t just keep on jumping into conclusions. Dreams are just dreams… don’t take them too seriously.”

“Okay…” I replied and slowly pulled away. “What time is it?”

“It’s only two forty-three in the morning. We need to sleep and get up around four. I’ll get you a glass of water. Don’t worry, you’ll be fine right here. Just rest and relax… try to get the nightmare off your mind.” Samuel instructed and slowly climbed out of the bed. He walked out of the room for a couple of minutes and returned with tea and a glass of cold ice water.

He attended to me like a man should attend to his woman. I felt secure but I also felt freaked out by the dream.










Chapter 7


Samuel and I woke up early. The mountain is home to the notorious kind of blood sucking leech called ‘limatic’ that can fall off trees and what not. They can attach themselves to my skin even on my eyelids and the inside of my ears. So I spread shampoo all over my body and wore a plain red long sleeved blouse and a pair of black stretch climbing pants by a world renowned outdoor gear and clothes brand. 

Samuel on the other hand was wearing a printed white t-shirt under a windbreaker and a pair of cargo pants. We both had trekking shoes on, built to make friction between the soles and the ground so the trekker doesn’t easily slip. It rained yesterday and so we expected the terrain to be muddy and slippery.

Samuel carried a larger backpack because he had the water and tents with him while I carried all the clothes and knick knacks and food. We reached the jump-off and I wandered around a bit, chatting with some mountaineers.

“Did you hear anything about my brother though, or maybe his guide Hector?” I asked Shirley a college student and mountaineer from Manila. “I was hoping to run into people who could have heard anything…”

“It was in the news. But there were no leads…” She scratched her head. “I wasn’t even in Batangas when it happened. You should talk to Johnny and Elbert. They were up the peak for days when that foreigner, I mean your brother, reportedly got lost. They were also the last ones who saw him aside from the guide who’s also missing, apparently.”

“News travel fast then. But who are those two you just mentioned?” I asked and pulled out my mobile phone. “Do you have their numbers? I really need to speak with them.”

“No need to call them. They’re climbing today and we will be at the campsite at peak three by nightfall.” Shirley replied and turned around. “I’m sorry I can’t answer anymore of your questions.”

“Thank you!” I called out to her but she had already rejoined her group.

“Any luck?” Samuel appeared behind me and asked. 

“Sort of. Do you know those two mountaineers at Peak Two where my brother was last seen? Johnny and Elbert?” I asked Sam immediately.

“Oh yeah, those two guys!” Samuel smiled and stifled a laugh. “I know them, crazy sons of bitches. They were preparing for a major climb a month ago. I didn’t think they’d come back here so soon.”

 “So we can interview them?” I asked agitatedly. 

“Yes. Of course…” He placed an arm around my shoulders as he answered. “We should start trekking now, Pam. We need to reach Peak Three before nightfall so we can scour more areas.”

“Okay.” I took a deep breath and followed Samuel’s footsteps.

Samuel and I trekked for an hour or more before we reached the foot of the mountain itself. There was lush greenery even at the bottom and I was able to take all of it in. Samuel on the other hand, wasn’t too impressed. He has been up here several times already and he was more intent on trying to retrace my brother’s footsteps and in finding him of course. I couldn’t help but become awed at everything that was surrounding me.

I took sips from my trail water bottle and just kept trudging along. We didn’t speak to each other much but he kept extending a hand each time I had to jump from one stone to another. The ground had now turned from dry to mossy as we climbed higher and higher to what they called ‘Palanggana Site.’ I didn’t notice a worm-like leech attaching itself to my arm. I almost screamed when I saw it but the surprise was that I had more of them clinging to me, sucking my blood. I had two more on my nape, one in my right leg and one on my upper left leg.

“Take them off of me!” I jumped quite a distance to hurry to Samuel who laughed.

“Take it easy… we can’t pull them off because the leech has a tendency to spit back or vomit the blood they had already ingested, back to your body. It could make the wound worse and infected. Then again, when you pull a leech off they tend to leave their teeth on the wound, making you bleed continuously.” Samuel took a closer look at my arm, where I was actually bleeding already. I pulled the leech off rather violently earlier and now my arm was bleeding a lot. “I thought you said you already rubbed shampoo on your arms and legs?”

“Yes I did but I sweat too much in this climate. I have alcohol, maybe you can use it. Can you please take it from my bag? And can you take a look at the two biting at my nape?” I hurriedly suggested.

“Where are your cigarettes? We can make the leech let go on its own. That will be so much easier and less painful.” He pulled out my cigarette pack and lit a stick. Then he took the burning end towards the leech that had attached itself to my nape and burned the damn thing with it. I heard it fizzle a bit, but it was too painful still. 

“It’s too painful!” I cried, tears already welled up my eyes.

“Keep moving up. I’ll catch up with you. If you stand here and wait, more leeches will try to crawl up on you.” He explained and it made me hurry my steps up the mountain again. He ran back down a bit where four other mountaineers were climbing behind us.


A couple of minutes later, Samuel was behind me already. He had something in his hand. “What’s that?” I asked curiously.

“It’s a pain killer lotion. It’s mentholated and it will help make them leeches let go of their bite on your skin.” He answered.

Samuel wasn’t even panting or winded. He just kept on trekking up to catch up to me. And when he did, he opened the little brown bottle and rubbed the hot mentholated lotion on my skin. It stung a little but it made the leeches give up on their bite.

Soon we were moving up again and then we came up at an opening. And by opening I mean, there was almost no tree at us just tall grass. One tree was standing at the edge of a cliff. It was a sight to behold, a bit creepy but still amazing. We were at the Palanggana Site in an hour exactly. 

Three mountaineers were resting with a tent pitched up. We walked up to them. Samuel greeted them in Filipino and introduced me to them as the missing American writer’s sister.

“I am so sorry for what happened to your brother.” A nice looking young lady stood up and took my hands into hers and gave them a consoling squeeze. “Don’t lose hope.”

“Thank you.” I responded with a kind smile. “I was wondering if any of you noticed anything weird in the trails or otherwise. We’re still looking for signs of my brother.” I pulled out pictures of Josh from my wallet and a printed copy of Josh in complete hiking gear up in the summit of Mt. Makiling.

“We’re sorry but we didn’t see anything strange. Try the summit and speak to the mountaineers resting there.” Another one suggested. He was a well-built young man wearing branded clothing from head to toe. He was tall and dark but Samuel was still taller and somehow bigger looking as if he wasn’t Filipino at all.

“Thank you.” I sighed and moved away, leaving Sam to talk to the mountaineers resting on their way down.

“Are you alright?” Sam asked as he walked up to me. I was resting in a mound. Thankfully, there were no more leeches up this area. I nodded in response and took two more gulps of water from the bottle I carried on the side of my bag. 

“It’s almost lunchtime.” I commented. 

Samuel dutifully brought out a pack made of banana leaves. Another rice concoction rested inside, it was white and sweet and delicious. It was also enough to fill my empty stomach. “Let’s get moving in five. We’re walking another three hours to reach peak three. Johnny and Elbert will be there.”

And as Samuel calculated, we reached peak three at three in the afternoon. This was where we found at least four aerodynamic tents pitched and people talking. There was also soft music playing from some portable speaker from one of the mountaineers camped in the peak.

“Samuel?” A woman’s voice was heard, silencing the rest of the party. “Guys, it’s Samuel!”

“Lanie!” Samuel smiled really wide and hurried to the woman who identified her. There was quite a cheer in the crowd like Samuel was one long lost friend of theirs. “Guys, I want you to meet Pamela Anders. She’s Joshua’s sister, you know the reported missing American writer who climbed Makiling in search for engkantadia. I’m helping her look for her brother and any information that might help, could help and will be appreciated.”

“Joshua was last seen drinking with the two bozos from that university-based mountaineering group.” Lanie replied.

“That group? The one you once belonged to?” Samuel’s words were very meaning laden. “Politics shouldn’t be taken up the mountain hija. Here we’re free from all that bull.”

“Do you mean, Johnny and Elbert?” I interrupted Sam and Lanie.

“Yeah, them.” Someone else from the tents answered. “Hey I’m Archie.” He looked at me and I waved in response. He continued, “Wala nang iba… Don’t worry, they’re about to be here anyway. We’re supposed to be one group at least for today but the two got drunk last night and must have overslept. We didn’t wait for them anymore.”

“But the sent us a text three hours ago that they were also on their way up and were already at the jump off.” Lanie continued and held Samuel by the arm. “Stay and socialize, Samuel. You have a lot of catching up to do.”

“Yeah dude, we missed you. We already have a couple of bottles prepared for tonight’s socials.” Archie urged Samuel on to stay. “John and Bert will be thrilled to see the three musketeers together again!” 

We really were staying since I’d like to talk to the lot about my brother. “I finally get to meet them.” I took a deep breath and looked at Samuel expectantly. “Where are we pitching the tent?”

“You can stay in my tent, pretty lady.” A man with a booming voice suddenly interrupted. “I have so much room in my heart for someone as good looking as you. Sorry, I meant my tent.”

“What did you just say?” I asked incredulously. “Excuse me, but who are you?”

I was surprised by the burly looking man who seemed to be a comedian because everyone burst out laughing at the sight of him making a pass at me.

“Whoops Elbert, I think that’s Samuel’s girl.” The man standing beside him nudged him by with an elbow to the side. 

“Are you?” Elbert asked with wide eyes.

“Am I what?” I asked him right back.

“Shut up, Bert.” Samuel said with a laugh. He didn’t deny me. 

But the other didn’t seem to mind that I was already pissed. Lanie was staring at us like she was waiting for trouble to suddenly spark, like a mother watching over her kids. And Elbert acted like a ten year old so I guess it’s no surprise. 

“For heaven’s sake Elbert, give it a rest! I have had it with you and your big mouthyou’re your crazy ideas about everything originating from your hometown. We’ve been trekking for hours and you keep on yapping about everything.” 

“Now that’s best friends, Elbert and Johnny. They come from the same university, set up a mountaineering group and graduated but couldn’t leave the mountains behind.” Lanie explained for me.
“Samuel, you’re a sight for sore eyes.” Johnny walked up to my guide and gave him a rough and manly hug. He was cute in a rugged kind of way. Johnny looked younger than his best friend but the two seemed inseparable even with the constant bickering. “So is she…”

“I’m Joshua Anders’ twin sister, Pamela.” I interrupted the reunion. “I came to the Philippines to look for him and they all said you two were the last people who saw him a month ago...” 

“So you’re the writer’s sister. I’m Elbert by the way, yes I saw your brother.” The burly man stepped in between Samuel and Johnny. “We even drank gin with him in the forest. That’s the real crater of Mt. Makiling. Your brother was with this weird fellow who seemed to be so scared of company. We didn’t even know the little guy. It was like he came out of nowhere and was suddenly an expert guide to the mountain.”

“Yeah, Sam… we saw Joshua and hung out with him for hours the night before he got lost somewhere.” Johnny explained to Samuel and I listened intently. “In the morning, we expected him to still be there with Hector because we agreed to go to Peak One together but they were suddenly gone.”

“Let’s set up our tent, Pam. I think we’re going to be here for a while.” Samuel instructed but Elbert once again stepped in.

“I’ll take care of that.” He pulled the aerodynamic tent out of Samuel’s already open backpack and said, “Come along baby. Let’s set up our love shack.” 

“Is he always this irritating?” I asked Samuel aloud in an irritated voice.

“Leave her alone Elbert.” Sam said casually and took the tent right off his hands and shook his head like it was the most common thing in the world for their friend to act like an asshole.

“That’s why it’s such a pain to climb with him. Elbert has a big mouth that even the engkantos are irritated of.” Johnny explained to me as he walked by, joining his other friends and Lanie. 

“Wait up! What do you mean by that?” I followed Johnny and asked. In the meantime, Samuel set up our tent on the other side.

“It’s just a saying…” He replied with a smile. But he turned his back to me almost immediately. 

“Hey, I’m still talking to you.” I announced and made everyone look.

“Look miss, I’m tired. I had to put up with Bert’s constant complaining all the way up here. Why don’t you ask him about fairies and nymphs, if that’s also what you’re here for.” He seemed pissed about something. “You foreigners always put your noses where they don’t belong. That’s why most of you end up in trouble and then you blame our government for your accidents. Why didn’t you and your brother just stay in the land of milk and honey, huh?”

I turned away. I was more than embarrassed with what Johnny said. For the first time in my career as an attorney, I was without a planned rebuttal. I walked back to Samuel who had already set up our tent. I sat and fiddled with my mobile phone as the rest went about some chores.

Soon, they were cooking an early dinner and Samuel hung out with them, chatting as the MSR burner cooked the food that smelled like a hundred different aromas in one pot.

Elbert walked towards me and smiled. He carried a stainless cup in hand and was sort of presenting it to me. “Here, maybe you’d like something to warm you up. It’s getting cold already.”

“I’m actually enjoying the cold. But thanks, I appreciate it.” I took the cup from his hands, letting our fingers touch slightly. This made Elbert blush a little. The guy was too comical. I wish I could take him home like a puppy or something. But when I took a sip of the coffee he handed to me, I was surprised it contained gin or vodka or something. “Wow, that has a kick in there. Here you go. Thanks…”

 “You don’t like it?” He sat down beside me. I shook my head in response. “You must be devastated. If only Johnny and I could help you out.”

“Oh you could, actually. You can tell me everything you remember about that night you spent drinking with my brother. Or take me and Samuel to the forest where you spent the night.” I suggested hurriedly.

“That’s not a good idea, Pamela. Samuel will take you there in the forest; we call ‘Kagubatan’ since you’re assaulting Peak One tomorrow from what I heard Sam and Lanie talk. She used to be the president of our mountaineering club and she’s got at guiding other newbie’s… Samuel consults with her unnecessarily. He knows Makiling like the back of his hand. He’s never gotten lost and not just here in Makiling but in other mountains as well.” Elbert beamed with pride as he spoke about his good friend who he obviously respected. “He’s a nice guy. I won’t be surprised if you choose him over me.”

“Why do you do that? You seem like a really okay kind of guy but then you say the…” I was interrupted in mid-sentence by Samuel who handed me a plate filled with food.

“Don’t pay too much attention to him especially when he’s drinking.” Sam winked at me and then hi-fived with Johnny. “We can talk later after dinner. You can ask them everything you think can help us search for Joshua.”

“I’m just wondering, Samuel. If Joshua got lost somewhere here in Makiling, why hasn’t anyone of us found him yet? If he’s dead, pardon me Miss Pamela, we should have found his corpse. He couldn’t have wandered far with a guide with him.” Johnny interrupted and got everyone’s attention. Most of them seemed to agree and nod. “It’s weird and that guy, Hector… I don’t know the dude.”

“We’re here a lot. Not all at once but we climbed as a group thrice in this month alone. This mountain is like… it’s our favorite spot.” One of the other mountaineers spoke up. “Someone should have found him by now.”
 
“You know, when I researched the accident a moment ago,” Lanie stood up and brought her tablet in hand. She continued with, “I saw this old news about another mountaineer who got lost here in Makiling too but ages ago!” 

“Let me see…” Johnny read the news in the tablet with Elbert standing behind him, reading as well. The two sat speechless, staring at the article.

“Hey, we want to see it too, you know?” Someone spoke up. 

But Johnny handed the tablet back to Lanie with distress written all over his face. The talkative Elbert suddenly clammed up and continued eating alone in a corner. I was about to say something but Samuel gestured me not to.

When dinner was over, they cleaned up the area and collected all the trash. Then they all took a spot sitting down in a circle. They conducted a meeting first, about the group’s organizational matters. Samuel slept in the tent for half an hour I guess and then woke up, right on time, as the first bottle of gin, in a small round bottle, was opened right after the meeting was adjourned.

I watched them, like an outsider looking in. Samuel must have sensed I was out of place. “Hey, you alright over there?”

“Yeah.” I responded.

“Why don’t you come with me? Let’s join the group socials.” Samuel extended a hand and looked at me expectantly.

“Fine… but don’t let Elbert sit beside me, okay?” I grumpily replied and took the hand he offered to pull me up. 

Samuel sat beside Johnny and I sat beside my guide on the right and Lanie on my left. I didn’t let the opportunity pass. “Can I take a look at the article you showed them?”

“Sure…” She replied hesitantly and looked over to Johnny who nodded in approval. 

Johnny surprised me. I held the tablet in my hands but stared at him as he moved to sit beside me. “Go on, take a look.”

The article I was reading was about a businessman who climbed Makiling ten years ago and was never seen again. I was staring at the picture of a well-dressed man in complete mountain climbing gear, smiling from ear to ear.

“Does he look familiar?” Johnny asked. 

“No, why?” I was dumbfounded. 

“He looks a lot like Hector, your brother’s mysterious guide.” He replied and took the wind out of my chest with the words.

“But this guy’s presumed dead… ten years ago!” I exclaimed. Some of the people in our circle were silenced with my tone.

“Yeah, but we saw him with your brother a month ago… only he was darker, like sunburned or something.” Elbert replied in a tone I couldn’t guess what it conveyed. “If no one wants to say it, I will.”

“Better hear the news from my friend over there because he’s had a lot of experiences about things we can’t rationally explain.” Lanie spoke up, taking the tablet from me. “Elbert grew up in the province, unlike us who all grew up in the metro.”

“Except for Samuel...” Johnny reminded them. “He grew up here, right Sam?”

“Yeah and came back here after graduating from a nursing course in Manila.” He said proudly. “But I love this place… and that’s the truth. I never felt at home in Manila, no offense guys.”

“None taken...” Johnny said authoritatively. “Go on, Bert, tell us your thoughts.”

“You’re just setting me up to sound like the crazy one.” He sneered. “I am so not falling for that trick, dude.”

“I’m listening, Elbert.” I said with much charm.

“Okay…” he began. Some of us even bent forward to get closer to him. “I think he was taken, I mean your brother was taken by the very people he was looking to find. When he spoke to us, he said he was drawn to the Philippines because our folklore about supernatural beings is so rich and even up to now, many still believe in them.”

“So you’re saying that nymphs and fairies may have taken my brother?” I sounded skeptical and I was.

“I know it sounds foolish especially from where you’re from lady. But here in the Philippines, everyone knows that this mountain is named after a beautiful fairy and the mountain and its peaks resemble her body. She is said to be protecting the mountain.” Elbert argued.

“I read that in Wikipedia.” Johnny injected and made everyone laugh. It lightened up the mood a bit but I was still dazed.

“And the guy in the news?” I said to no one in particular.

“Mom told me about a guy named Hector who got lost in the forest. I bet he’s the same one in the article.” Sam began before taking a shot from the glass that went around to everybody in the circle. It was a gesture of familiarity I guess, but I think it’s kind of gross to be drinking from the same glass repeatedly with more than five people. “She said that the guy was taken by the wood nymphs because he was boasting about his riches all the time, while climbing up here. Or so his companions told us…”

“And that’s reason enough for everyone to be convinced of their existence and their capacity for kidnapping?” I asked incredulously.

“Then believe what you want,” Johnny answered me with hostility. “I told you, you foreigners are always looking to get into trouble.”

“But my brother was looking for inspiration in writing another bestseller!” I argued. “He didn’t mean to be taken by people from Lord of the Rings!” 

“Calm down, Pam.” Samuel touched my shoulder. “They’re only trying to help. Remember how I told you I refused to guide people up here? It’s because of the same reason. You should understand that there are things in this world that we have to learn to accept and respect in order for us coexist.”

“What are you people smoking?” I stood up and stomped angrily back to the tent. I cried for a couple of minutes and felt how Samuel standing outside. I didn’t budge and pretended to be asleep.

He didn’t sleep beside me. So I just closed my eyes to let sleep take me away from this so called ‘mystic’ mountain. But the noise from the people talking outside was irritating so I kept tossing and turning all throughout the night.

“Pamela, it’s me, Sam.” I heard someone rustle outside the tent. “I’m coming in, okay?”

“Yeah, whatever...” I replied and closed my eyes as he entered the tent and squeezed in next to me.

“Are you feeling alright?” he asked as he made himself comfortable.

“Yeah… why wouldn’t I be?” I returned the question.

“Nothing, you were just so upset. I don’t blame you. It’s what experts call ‘culture shock’ because of our differences in…” Sam began to rattle on. He was obviously drunk so I cut him off.

“I know what it means… I want to rest now and sleep. I hope you don’t mind.” I said with a yawn and turned around to face him. “I appreciate all your help Sam but that’s what I’m paying you for.”

“Thanks for reminding me of that. I left the thousand peso bill in my room back in Cuenca. I’ll give it back to you once we return. I don’t need your money. I can make my own and we really don’t have much need for that here. I’m helping you because my mom thought you were a nice lady who needs our help. I am not doing it for the money.” Samuel snapped at me. This is the first time I’ve seen him act insulted.

“If you keep on insisting ghosts and fairies killed or kidnapped my brother then… to hell with all of you.” I angrily spoke up once more, ignoring the comment Sam just told me.

“I don’t know what happened to your brother and I wasn’t saying I knew anything for sure.” Samuel sighed and stared at me straight in the eye. I could feel his breath on my face. He smelled like gin. “You’re one feisty woman, Pam.” He kissed my nose. 

“Don’t do that!” I pinched his arm and only made him laugh. “Can’t you see I’m already mad?”

“That’s why I tried to make you smile.” Sam replied with a chuckle.

“No wonder you and that Elbert are friends.” I remarked with a raised eyebrow. “You two are the same bananas.” We were lying next to each other in such a cramped up space. Being only human, I felt heat rise from my legs down to my body but my anger hasn’t subsided just yet so I just ignored him and his charm, no matter how difficult it was.

























Chapter 8


I woke up with a start. I had another nightmare. This time, it was about me being lost in the forest that I imagined looked like any other forest I’ve seen on television. I couldn’t find my way and kept going around in circles.

My breathing was labored and I felt sweaty and shaky. I instinctively turned around to see if Samuel was still beside me but he wasn’t. I felt panic build up. I hurried to tie my hair in a pony tail and opened the tent to go look for him.

The wind was chilly but there were three people awake already, boiling water in a pot. “Have you seen Samuel?” I immediately asked them.

“Good morning, Pam.” Elbert yawned. 

“Samuel and Johnny trail blazed because the trail’s covered with thick grass. They’re taller and thicker this time of the year… oh and you should know. The boys talked last night. And we all agreed. You and Samuel, Elbert and Johnny are going to go together and look for your brother.” Lanie explained and poured hot water in a cup with instant coffee mix in it. She handed it to me. “Take it and get some hot coffee into that empty stomach of yours. You barely ate last night. You need all the strength you need to be climbing with those boys.”

“Thank you…” I said and graciously accepted the coffee. She was right, the coffee burned down my stomach and it felt good. “And thank you, Elbert for volunteering to help out with the search.”

“That’s nothing, baby girl. I’d like to help.” Elbert said with a stifled yawn. He took sips of the coffee and smiled at me. I sat down beside him. “It’s a nice morning, right? I love it here up in the mountains of Makiling, Maculot, Arayat and Pulag. Oh man, if you’ve been to Pulag, you’ll be awed at the grandeur of nature.”
“I bet it’s really beautiful there. The Northern Devils Canyon is a cool place for rock climbing. I’ve gone there almost ten times and also Queen Creek Canyon.” I told him about my favorite rock climbing areas. “If you ever go to the Arizona, or anywhere near me in the United States, I’ll take you there to the canyons.”

“I’ve gone to Florida, USA. I’m a seaman… I work as a waiter for a cruise ship that goes around the Caribbean. Then we dock in ports in the US too so I get a couple of days off to sight see and stay in hotels in America.” He surprised me with this information. “Two months from now, I’m going to go back there to work for another six-month contract. I’ve got a lot of sibling still in school and I have to help them.”

“Wow, that’s so cool.” I commented. “You are one admirable person with a wicked sense of humor.”

“Why, thank you for your generous comments.” Elbert raised his cup and said.

A bit later, Samuel still hasn’t come back and so I wandered around. The place was beautiful and quiet and so relaxing. I appreciated the surroundings this early morning and thought how lovely it would have been if I were here on vacation.

“Pam, I’m sorry to leave you alone this morning. Johnny and I cleared the trails and you were still fast asleep.” Samuel surprised me with his explanation. 

I didn’t feel angry anymore. I was actually happy to see him. “I’m glad you’re back.”

“Really?” Samuel asked with a slight raise of his eyebrow.

“Yeah, you’ve kind of grown on me.” I replied with a punch to his shoulder. “So what’s the itinerary for today? I wish we could go to that lush forest where Elbert and Johnny last saw my brother.”

“We’ll be there soon enough.” Samuel placed a hand on my shoulder. “Even my old group has pledged help. Before they climb back down, they’ll be scouring cliffs and usual accident spots to search for your brother. By the way, the satellite phone’s been recharged. If you need to make a phone call…” 

“Nope, I don’t.” I shook my head and responded.

“Come on, let’s help them cook lunch.” Samuel put his arm around my shoulder and I snuggled close beside him. We looked like a couple as we walked back to the center of the campsite.

During our brunch, because it was a rather early meal to be lunch, the other mountaineers told me what they knew about Maria Makiling, the forest nymph who’s said to be protecting the mountain named after her. No one knows how old she is but many say that she is as old as the mountain itself. 

There were reports that some people, mostly mountaineers and local folks saw the nymph. She is supposedly tall and graceful, with brown skin, deep black eyes, and hair almost touching the ground. 

Lanie brought out her tablet again and read a line from a blog saying, “The nymph is also said to appear mostly after a storm. She strolls around the woods to straighten broken trunks, replace nests on the branches of trees, mend the wings of butterflies, and clear the streams of fallen twigs and logs. As she walks around, all signs of the storm disappear; roses and orchids bloom, birds chirp with glee, and deer run around once again.”

“Why are we talking about Makiling?” I asked Samuel in hushed tones.

“Because…” Elbert must have heard me. He explained, “Many blame the nymph and those like her for the disappearance of some people. Many have gotten lost around these parts and that’s supposedly one of their favorite tricks to play with people. Others say that the cutting of trees and excessive hunting of wild animals have greatly angered Mariang Makiling because it is in the forest where her kingdom lies. Others say that when a pretty woman or a handsome man is seen by the nymphs, they fall in love with the humans and they take them to their kingdom in another dimension to be with them…”

“Much like the story of what Hades did to Persephone.” Lanie butt in and explained. “When a person eats their food, they can never go back to the real world or our world. And this occurrence isn’t limited to this forest. Many provinces all over the Philippines have versions of this story.”

“I am actually impressed about the richness of the folklore.” I commented. “Where I come from, we rarely talk about things like these and fairytales. We’re very realistic, really. And if there are some supernatural themed movies or books, like the ones my brother writes, they sell because of escapism. That’s all.”

“We get how modern you are in your country. Metro Manila is very much like that. I guess that’s why I prefer to live in the provinces than there.” Samuel quipped. “But in our case, we should keep an open mind. We don’t know what really happened to Hector or Joshua. They’re both missing and that’s all we know.”

“But at the jump off, I asked them about that guy Hector. I had my doubts about the guy… I asked to see the registration forms and there is no record of any Hector climbing the mountain as my brother’s guide.” I remembered this little information and decided to share it with them.

“See, that’s exactly what we mean. I came up Peak Two the night your brother was drinking with Elbert and John. Someone told me about this new guide who I’ve never heard off. Something was off about him already…” Samuel explained.

“So what’s the plan?” It was Lanie who asked this. I looked at everyone around me, one at a time. 

“We already have a plan.” Johnny responded. “You and Archie, and the rest of our first timers just go back down as planned, scanning areas where many climbers already had slipped or whatever. The rest of them don’t have much experience climbing and no rescue experience either.” 
“She’s right, Lan.” Elbert sounded serious for the first time. “We can all meet up at the clubhouse next week, alright?” 

“Yeah, we’ll do that. We’ll take care of the kids.” Archie assured the older members.

Samuel and I looked at each other. I sighed and thought I was putting people in danger by allowing them to come with us. So I decided to speak up. “Hey y’all, thanks for the concern and the help you’ve selflessly offered.”  

“Hey, it’s no big deal.” Archie smiled at me. “If we ever, by some terrible misfortune, land in a similar situation, we’ll need all the help we can get.” 

“Yeah,” Lanie leaned her head on her boyfriend’s shoulder. “We’d want my friends to help us too.”

“Thank you.” I said with conviction and slightly got teary eyes. Samuel immediately pulled me against his body. I buried my face in his neck and sobbed.

“Don’t cry, Pam.” Samuel’s voice was so reassuring. “Everything happens for a reason, you know how the saying goes. Sometimes it hits the bull’s eye, that saying… and although it’s hard to accept, we hope for the best always and expect the worst, so prepare.”

I didn’t say anything, I just cried my heart out and didn’t care who saw me do it.



Chapter 9

We reached peak two from peak three after five hours and a half grueling hours.  It required technical climbing and strength on my part to keep up with the three young men who were helping me. 

It was almost six in the evening and we were now pitching tents for the night. There were at least two other groups in the peak, camping for the night like us. Elbert had already gone to check out if we knew them or if I could interview some about my brother.

When we finished our task, Samuel and I headed to where Elbert was hanging out while Johnny remained to start cooking dinner.

“Hey Bert!” Samuel called out to our companion, already feeling at home in the new company.

“Samuel!” One of the girls exclaimed. “How are you baby?”

“Oops, ex-alert!” Elbert moved to hide behind me and I watched as the woman hurried to embrace the reluctant Sam.

“Oh, hi Elbert.” She said without smiling. “Who’s this?”

“She’s the American I was telling you all about, like a minute ago.” Elbert answered grumpily. “Were you even listening?”

“Yeah, hello there. I’m Emma.” She extended a hand which I immediately shook. 

“I’m Pamela.” I introduced myself. Samuel also stood behind me now as if they were scared of the woman or something. “Come on over, we’re having a drink. You can ask my friends around about your brother. At least two of them climbed up here that week.”
“Thank you.” I said with a smile to the nice Emma. “Come on you guys.”

“Yeah, we’re right behind you.” Elbert chuckled and pushed around Sam. “She’ll go basic instinct on you again if you start letting her bring back the memories.”

“Jesus, stop it.” Samuel hissed at Elbert and then did a bold move that made Emma’s eyebrows rise slightly. He placed an arm around my shoulders and led me to the group of mountaineers drinking and laughing happily.

But there wasn’t any information regarding my brother. They didn’t have any clue that a foreigner and his guide got lost the week the two other mountaineers from Emma’s organization, went up Makiling. 

Emma was singlehandedly controlling the conversation of the group. Elbert was uneasy and went back to Johnny to help him get dinner ready. Samuel on the other hand, couldn’t get away from his ex easily, so he stayed and chatted a bit.

“Sam, I’ll go help John and Bert.” I said and stood up to leave but Samuel grabbed my hand and held me in place. 

“Don’t you go wandering off, okay? It’s dark and you could easily lose your way.” He reminded me. “Stay with the two. I’ll join you for dinner in a couple of minutes.”

“Okay.” I smiled and turned around as soon as he let my hand go.

But I didn’t pay heed to his warning. I wandered off because I was feeling impatient since there were no developments from the day I came to the country, up until now that I am already in the second peak of the mountain.

When Samuel wasn’t looking, and John and Elbert still attending to the boiling rice, I hurried to the trees where Elbert said anyone could get lost, even a seasoned climber.
Carrying a flashlight in hand, I headed off from the trail and went into the thick patch of trees. Then suddenly, I heard splashes of water like its falling from the top of the mountain, like a waterfall or some kind of a stream. 

This was a rainforest and the bio-diversity was rich and comparable to the Amazon. I heard insects buzzing and animals making faint but distinct noises. Then I walked to the sound and followed it like I’m sure of what I’m doing.  

After I pass a few trees, I saw that there was some of kind of light going on and off like a Christmas tree light inside the forest. It got me curious almost immediately. I forgot Sam’s warning that I could get lost. 

I approached to the light and sound and saw a balite tree surrounded by fireflies. Ficus stipulosa Miq. Linn is its scientific name. According to Elbert if you see fireflies in the night and this tree especially, don’t forget to turn your dress inside out because you are already being played by the nymphs.  

But what surprised me more is seeing that behind the scary looking tree, I can see a glimpse of the waterfall falling into some kind of a stream. I was a little bit freaked out, since nobody told me about the waterfall. 

I walked towards it. I was delighted by the beauty of the place. I couldn’t stop myself from going closer to inspect it. 

Lo and behold, my heartbeat and my whole body stood still. There in the middle of the moonlight night, in the middle of the forest in Mt. Makiling, I saw a man, or at least half of his body with the other half submerged in underwater. He was such a sight to behold!

I immediately walked up to him. I didn’t even think of the possibility that he could be completely naked, taking a bath in the inviting waters. “Excuse me sir. Good evening…”

My voice was shrill and a bit high pitched. “Have you seen this man in the photo?”

I presented to him a picture of my brother in my phone. He did not answer me so I cleared my throat and repeated my line. But he still didn’t reply. So I said “Hello!” aloud. 

He turned and stared at me. He had the most beautiful face in a man, that I have ever seen. He was like a demi-god carved in light brown wood. He was like a work of art. 

Maybe I was desperate to know what happened to my brother or I’m just attracted to the scenery and the guy with the body of Jason Momoa from Baywatch. But when he finally spoke up and said, “Follow me.” I did as I was told. 

I went in the water and took a sharp intake of breath because of the cold. But then I felt someone grabbed me and the whole thing just went blurry. I fought against the grip in my arm and submerged underwater.

I cried out for help but my voice was hoarse and painful. I closed my eyes and tried to gathering my strength and then surfaced with all my might. But when I opened my eyes, the beautiful man was gone and so was the water. 

I turned to my right and saw Samuel holding a bolo and a flashlight. In a blink of an eye the scenery was gone. I suddenly felt queasy and cold.

“What are you doing here?” Sam said in an angry voice. “We were looking all over for you!”

“I saw a man taking a bath in the stream. He was completely naked and beautiful. Oh my gosh, where did he go?” I stammered. “He asked me to follow him when I asked him about my brother. What was I supposed to do? Let him leave while I search for Josh like a headless chicken!”

Samuel looked shocked. He didn’t mind another voice shouting. It was Elbert and it was like he was talking to the trees. I even heard him saying we don’t mean any disrespect. “Please leave us alone!”

My legs suddenly gave way. But before I hit the ground, Samuel reached out and caught me. He carried me back to the camp with Elbert following us close behind. 

He was really frightened from the look in his face. 

“What is going on?” I asked Samuel who didn’t respond. He carried me in his arms while I held on to his neck. His strength carried me all the way through thick trees and blinding darkness.

When we reached the camp, everyone huddled around us.

“Why is she soaking wet?” I heard Emma ask aloud.

There was murmuring while everyone stared at me. “Why? Why are you looking at me like that?” I looked around and saw Elbert talking to Johnny.  Samuel carried me to our tent and laid me inside. I could still hear Elbert and Johnny talking. 

He was asking for help in getting down quickly before the nymphs follow us back here. 

Johnny approached me and stared at me angrily. Then he burst out with, “You just couldn’t help yourself, could you? Now you are putting as all in danger.”

“Johnny, let her change her clothes or she’ll go hypothermic.” Samuel pushed Johnny away and closed the tent. He quickly pulled off my wet clothes while I lay there shivering. He changed me into a new pair of shirt and jeans and then covered me with a blanket. “He’s just over reacting.”

“Johnny?” I asked in a shaky voice.

“Yeah, are you still cold?” he asked but didn’t wait for my response. He lied beside me and covered us both in the blanket. He wrapped his arms and legs around me and I instantly felt warm. “What were you doing there all alone in the middle of the trees, soaked to the bone? Are you trying to kill yourself?” He asked this in a soft voice with his lips moving against my skin.

“No, I told you! I saw a man taking a bath in a pond or a stream or something…” I began but Samuel kissed my open mouth and probed it inside.

“You stupid girl! There’s nothing but trees where we found you!” Samuel said in a hoarse voice. “You were gone for more than four hours! I thought I’d lost you too…”

I touched my lips, they were tender and wet. But his words shook the feeling right out of me. “What?” I gathered the blanket around my cold body and sat upright. Samuel sat up too and faced me with distress written all over his face. 

“You were gone for hours and we all searched for you. Emma almost called the rangers but Johnny stopped her.” Samuel said softly but I could see the discomfort in his face.

I touched his cheek and let my hand stay there. “I need to find that man.”

“You can’t!” He finally lost his temper. “Pamela, he is not a man!”

“What?” I asked incredulously. “Are you saying he’s a…”

“What else?” he responded. “That’s why he was taking a bath in the nude, in the middle of the cold night!”

“You must be kidding me?” I said in disbelief.

“You were gone for hours and yet you were only a thirty minute walk away from the campsite.” Samuel took my hands in his and looked me straight in the eyes. “I found you lying in the ground, soaking wet, and when I touched you… you were like, a fish out of water, gasping for air!”

I couldn’t say anything. I swear I saw a stream but Samuel was telling me otherwise. There were voices talking aloud outside. Then I heard Emma call Sam in an agitated voice.

“Sammy!” Emma cried out one more time before he finally pulled away from me and left the tent. “Sam, we’re headed down.”

“What? Right now?” Sam asked in surprise. I heard it in his voice.

“Yes… Johnny’s creating hysteria among the people here and it’s dangerous.” I heard Emma explain.

“Where’s Johnny?” I heard Sam ask but before Emma responded, I heard him call out his friend’s name. “Johnny, come here. What the fuck is wrong with you?”

I hurriedly wrapped myself up with a blanket and lit a cigarette to keep me warm. Then I headed out the tent. “What’s going on?”

“You’re the problem here miss, like your brother was.” Johnny immediately walked up to me but Samuel stepped in between us. 

“Lower your voice John or you’ll get what you’re looking for with me.” He said and pushed me away with one hand. “Back off!”

“I’m just saying, she’s caught unwanted attention just like her brother did.” Johnny said in an angry voice that made everyone turn quiet. They were all watching the scene unfolding before their eyes.

“My brother didn’t mean to be trouble to anyone of you. Why do you judge hjI don’t mean to put you or anyone else into trouble either. If your family goes missing, wouldn’t you go looking for them?” I screamed right back to the angry man who took a step back in my anger. I let the blanket go and it fell to the ground. My eyes were teary but I wasn’t crying yet. I was desperately trying to look held together by my strength.

“Pamela, you’ll get cold!” Samuel hurried to my aid and wrapped the blanket around me again and held it together with his arms.

“No use trying to save her now.” Johnny said with a dry laugh. “You’re girlfriend’s soul is soon to become theirs. They’ll never let her off this mountain, no matter how much you try to save her.” 

“Then you have no idea who you’re talking to.” Samuel replied with confidence. “Leave all of you!”

“Sammy, don’t do this.” Emma tried to dissuade him. “Come on, let’s get out of here.”

“You’re talking about a seven or eight hour descent in the dark. Are you sure you’re all up to it?” Sam asked Emma out of concern.

“Yeah, we can go down to Laguna in five hours or less. We have everything we need. Let’s all go down together.” Emma spoke in desperation. She took a glance at me and then sighed. “Come on please! Tell Samuel what’s best!”

 “I am not going down yet. I need to find my brother and I will do that even if I have to go in that forest again!” I replied with conviction.

“Go ahead; leave the two of us here. We have everything we need as well.” Sam placed his hand on Emma’s shoulder and nodded. He looked sadly and then said, “We’ll be alright. I hope you and your friends will be too. Collect salt from your members and sprinkle them on your way down.”

“What? Why?” Emma asked, surprised at what he said.

“You’ll need that to keep them off your back.” Sam replied and as the rest heard him say this, they all checked their bags for salt.

“I’ve got a bottle of Iodized Salt!” one of them announced. 

“Good. Now go and take care of yourselves.” Samuel spoke firmly and authoritatively.

“I am sorry bro. I don’t mean for us to fight but this is just stupid.” Johnny said and then turned around and left.

“I’m staying with you two.” Elbert announced with his backpack already put together.

“No, I can take care of this.” Samuel sighed. “You take care of the new mountaineers on their way down in the dark, okay?”

“You sure?” Elbert asked one more time. “Johnny’s not angry at you Sam or even you Miss Pamela… but he’s seen a lot of accidents in his time he’s so angry at stupidity.”

“I know, Bert.” Sam tapped his shoulder. “Now go.”




Chapter 10

It was just me and Samuel now and although there was panic last night, the whole night went was quiet and we slept through it. “Samuel, are you okay?”

“Yeah why?” He replied and looked back at me.

“You’re breathing’s labored.” It’s getting hot and I knew that’s the reason why he was panting. “Did you sleep at all, last night?

“Nope.” He answered and continued back to the crater. Sam walked faster and hurried down like he was falling down.

“Hey wait up.” I called out to him. It suddenly started to drizzle and it became foggy in some areas. “Samuel, wait up!”

“What do you really think happened last night?” I asked him when I caught up to him, standing and looking around.

“We are going around in circles.” He suddenly told me. Sam’s eyebrows were knotted together and he was dead serious. “We passed this way before.”

“But we shouldn’t be lost right? We’re just going down to the crater!” I scratched my head.

“There’s a first for everything I guess.” He seemed to be trying hard to keep my spirits up.

“After this, are we going down, off the mountain?” I asked him slowly. My words were calculated. “It’s okay you know… we’re running out of water and food anyway after tonight.”

“Sure, we’ll go down and climb back up one more time, a couple of days later.” He reassured me.

“I’m actually beginning to understand what you meant the first time I met you.” I sighed. “If he’s here, someone should have found him before the month passed by. I know he’s probably dead and I think I’ve accepted it.”

“Don’t give up just yet.” Samuel took me in his arms and hugged me. Then he pulled away, scanned the area and said, “I know the way now.” 

I followed him without a word as we continued to trek down back to the crater. But then when we walked into a shroud of trees, it suddenly turned dark. It was as if it had suddenly turned from day to night.

“What the hell?” I asked aloud. I heard the same chirping insects I heard last night. “Why is it…”

“Shut up!” Samuel hissed and took my hand. He pulled me close to him. “Don’t make too much noise. Something’s wrong...”

“What?” I asked. Then out of nowhere, we heard someone call out for help.

“Help! Is anyone out there?” A man called out. 

“Yes, we’re over here.” I called out to him  but Samuel covered my mouth with his hand.

He tugged at my arm, pulling me towards the man calling out for help. It didn’t sound like my brother though.

“Over here!” We heard the man call out again but we didn’t acknowledge that we heard him. Instead, we went to where the sound was coming from and found a man tangled in a tree’s humongous roots. “Thank you for hearing me! Please help me out of here!”

“How did you get yourself down there?” Samuel asked but hurried to help him. He pulled out his jungle bolo, a large cutting tool similar to the machete. “Why does the tree look like it grew on top of you?”

“Wait, aren’t you Hector?” I recognized the man although he was covered in mud and soil already. “You’re Josh’s guide!”

“Yes, I am. Where is Josh?” He asked me but something was wrong. 

“Look out!” I cried out to Samuel as the branches of the tree began falling down on him. I held on to Samuel as the ground beneath us shook.

“Help!” Hector cried out. “No!”

The tree was uprooted. I watched in horror as the tree slowly fell to the side, crushing Hector like a toy. 

After a couple more seconds, the ground steadied. Samuel got up immediately and looked at the body. I was sure to see him crushed to the ground but what we saw was totally different. 

Both Samuel and I pulled out our mobile phones but there wasn’t any signal to make a call. 

We saw a skeleton of a body which was way past the decomposing stage. He had been dead for quite a while. The remnants of his clothes told us it was the same guy but it was simply impossible. 

I screamed as the ground beneath him continued to give way to a hole in the ground. “What the hell is that?” I screamed after I collected my bearings.

“I don’t know but I feel like we have to check it out at least.” Samuel said but I held him back. 

“I’m scared, Sam.” I said in whisper. “Let’s just get out of here.”

“We can’t leave him like this. What if you’re brother’s down there?” Sam sounded dead serious.

I thought of the situation. I could get us both into trouble. “No Samuel. If he’s down there, then he’s dead already. There’s nothing I can do now.”

“Are you sure?” He held me in the shoulders and looked me straight in the eyes.

“Yes…” I said without conviction but that seemed good enough for him. We turned around, hand in hand and hurried out the thick forest and back on the trail. 

We were almost running but it seemed the forests never ended. Sam was getting frustrated.  He stopped and took a deep breath, as if he was summoning all his strength. “Stop it already! I have had enough!”

And with his sudden outburst, the sky began to clear up and the night turned back into day. 

“What did you do?” I asked in surprise. Then it started to rain, heavily.

“I don’t know but we have to go.” He answered and pulled me continuously back the trail. He used his jungle bolo to clear the way. There was tall grass everywhere and it cut my face and my arms. “Hurry!”

We ran and ran and then surprisingly ended up in front of a river. “This is going from weird to bizarre!” I exclaimed. Samuel followed the river that led to the same pond I saw last night. “Oh no, it’s him again!”

“That’s him?” Samuel asked in surprise. “He doesn’t look anything like Adonis!”

The man turned around and left the water, revealing his naked body. He was breathtakingly beautiful but I felt fear growing inside of me. I held on tightly to Samuel. 

“I know you’re think he’s not that gorgeous… but he’s coming over to us.” I hid behind him.

“Are you sure we’re seeing the same thing, because he doesn’t even look human!” He told me. I thought he was joking but then Samuel spoke to the naked man. “Show your true self!”

“How did you know?” The creature spoke in a blood curling tone that seemed to come from down a grave. “Who are you?”

His brown skin now turned pale as snow. He had lips that seemed to be the color blood itself. And his eyes, they were dark holes that revealed a space beyond him. His hair was long and it almost touched the ground but it was also white as snow.

“I’m a nobody!” Samuel replied. “What do you want?”

“Then how did you see me as I am?” he continued to walk closer.

“Sam, let’s go.” I whispered behind him. “Please, we mean you no harm!”

“I can’t…” He spoke aloud. “I have to face him, once and for all or he’ll hunt you down wherever you hide.”

“Please, let’s go…” I tugged at Sam’s jacket.

“Where will you go, my dear?” The scary entity in front of me was stark naked but without any of the normal parts of a human beings body. “You are welcome here… so was your brother.” His skin was white as snow and he now seemed both male and female.

“My brother?” I stopped moving and just stared. “Where is Josh?”

“Where he has always wanted to be...” He replied. “You can come join him.”

“And what? Eat my soul for dinner?” Repulsed, I picked up a stone and threw it at him. But it was like throwing stones at a mist or a fog. He blurred a bit but became clear again.

“You shouldn’t have done that!” Samuel pushed me away as the creature charged towards me with an indescribable scary face, contorted in anger. “Leave her alone!”

Samuel blocked the charging entity with his jungle bolo and hit it squarely on the chest. The thing flew back out of the sheer power of the impact. Samuel looked like he was about ready to fight some more.

“What are you human? Speak now or I’ll destroy you and your woman!” The creature was hurt and it was obvious. Samuel was able to hurt the entity and it made it question Samuel’s very being.

But Sam just held on to his bolo, waiting for the creature to attack again. That’s when the creature made the earth shake and roots rose up from the ground, wrapping around our bodies.

But Samuel stomped on the ground, the roots turned lifeless again. This took the creature by surprise. “My name is Samuel San Cristobal. My father is a Mumbaki one of the four spirit protectors of the mountains of Luzon. You must bow down to the descendant of Tumao.”

“What?” the creature took a step back. Apparently what he was saying was of grave significance. 

“I took an oath not to reveal myself. But I am going to break that oath for the woman I love.” He held the bolo tightly. “I wasn’t born to bow down to engkantos like you.”

“Are you serious?” I slumped down on my knees and just knelt there, watching the scene reveal before me.

“You can choose to let this woman and her brother go, or I slay you and your family.” Samuel threatened the wide-eyed creature who was now speechless.

“Who are you?” I asked Samuel the same question. “What are you?”

“What I am is of no significance to us. I possess the strength of my father before me and will do what I can to keep you safe. Remember that promise I make to you.” Samuel pulled me up to my knees as the creature in front of us just stood there watching.

“But she is ours already!” the creature cried out and charged once more towards us.

But before he could reach us, the waters around him rose up in human forms. They held the creature back. And then slowly, the waters revealed many more of them, engkantos.

“There is no need for this woman to be ours. She has been claimed by Tumao’s son. There is nothing more we can do. Remember Patring, Samuel’s mother? Don’t turn this into another war we cannot win.” One of the creatures who sounded elderly spoke up and stopped the fight. “Samuel, we mean you no harm. As a sign of our goodwill, we will release her brother and leave. But young woman, you must promise to stop looking for us and our world. You should never come back here or you’ll ruin the peace between us forest dwellers and our protectors. You will not speak of this to anyone ever again. Do you understand?”

“I do… but please release Joshua!” I cried out. Tears were streaming down my eyes. In front of me was evidence of supernatural creatures. I was scared and bewildered at the same time. My head was hurting from all this revelation. This was beyond my human understanding.

I was in the midst of a mystic place and Samuel held my hand, kept me safe. 

“We will be on our way now.” The creature spoke again. This time, they disappeared like rain on the dry ground. 

“Where’s Josh?” I cried out to Samuel who pointed towards a tree. And there sat my brother, just waking up from a terrible dream.

“Pamela?” He spoke up and it made my heart beat quicken. “Where are we? Why are you here? I remember…”

“We’re here in Mt. Makiling, Mr. Anders.” Samuel took his hand and pulled him up. “You were lost and apparently dehydrated. It’s a miracle you survived in the woods for a month. You’re sister came looking for you and hired my services.”

“What?” Josh slowly regained balance, but I ran to embrace him, almost toppling us both down on the ground. We were finally together again, my twin and I. 







 

Chapter 11


“Nana Patring, this is too much already!” I laughed as the old woman stuffed more and more food for us to take home.

But Josh took a pack, opened it and started munching on crunchy dried bananas while returning to his spot in the dining area, writing a new book about ‘Aswangs in the Philippines.’

“But America is far away. You’ll be hungry on the plane.” She insisted and pushed one last pack of banana chips inside my bag.

“Nana Patring, you are too kind.” I said and gave the old woman a tight embrace. “I will surely miss you. This has been the best three days of my life; the best vacation rather, here in Cuenca, Batangas with my twin brother!” 

“I am happy you enjoyed your stay here.” She smiled but then suddenly remembered something that made her frown. “But you must speak to my son before you leave. He’ll be so heartbroken to see you go.”

“I know, Nana. But we’ll be back after half a year. Josh is dying to go to this island you call Siquijor.” I replied with a laugh.

“And get yourself into more trouble than you bargained for?” The old woman placed both hands on her waist. “Maybe you should take this with you.” She brought out an amulet; she always wore around her neck. It was circular, with inter-lapping rings carved on it.

“This is so beautiful!” I gasped at the antique amulet. “I cannot possibly take this with me.”

“It is to remind you of your promise to return.” She said firmly. “Samuel! Hurry up down here and help your friends with their luggage.”

 Samuel’s footsteps made the wooden floor rattle. “I’m here.”

“Here put this on Pamela’s neck.” She winked at me before she handed the amulet.

“Mom, you are impossible!” He laughed but followed the instruction. He took the necklace and placed it around my neck. His fingers lightly touched the skin of my nape. “It actually looks good on you.”

“Thanks.” I said softly. He cupped my chin with his hand.

“Hey, don’t look so sad. We’ll still see each other, right?” Sam said confidently and put his arm around my shoulder and walked me outside to the front yard. “I could even apply for a job as a nurse in Phoenix.”

“Don’t be silly. Who’s going to stay here with your mom?” I punched him lightly on the stomach.

“Dad.” He responded.

“I don’t get you…” I grimaced.

“He’s around here somewhere.” Sam laughed and took my hands in his. He gave it a squeeze and looked at me straight in the eyes. “Being far away from each other is not a measure of love or the lack of it. Mom waits for dad as I plan to wait for you.”

“Sam…” I breathed his name against his lips that came down to claim mine. I savored the feeling of Sam on my mouth, against my body. I felt the sun burn my skin but enjoyed it. I was in the arms of the man I love. And he was no ordinary man. He was so much more. 

I can’t wait to return here and see him again. But I had a feeling he would still be with me back home. Like his dad’s presence is always around them.

#   #   #
About the author

Riley Moreno has lived in Minneapolis for the last 13 years. She loves the uptown, the Walker Art Center, going to the movies and hanging out with her friends. She mainly writes Young Adult Paranormal, Romance and Thriller and can be super lazy at times.

Please leave a Review if you have enjoyed this book. It helps me rank higher in searches and in turn helps me sell more books. Please share with your friends and family and follow me on Facebook or twitter. Links below. Really appreciate it!

Facebook & Twitter
http://www.facebook.com/morenoriley
http://www.twitter.com/rileymoreno
Download my other books too!! 

