Unreal
A novel

By
Riley Moreno

Copyright © 2014 Riley Moreno
http://www.rileymoreno.com

Cover art by Riley Moreno

Smashwords Edition


1
Julie Edwards woke up with a smile on her face. After so many weeks of cramming for finals and subsisting on coffee and cold pizza, there was a sense of joy in the familiarity of the room in which she had almost come of age. Everything was as she had left it; the lavender curtains, the dresser littered with floral boxes and too many hairbrushes, the pictures tucked against the mirror of friendships, some maintained, some lost. Kim figured most prominently in the photographs. They had seen one another through Driver’s Ed, changes in majors, and the ugliest breakups. The latter was entirely Kim’s domain. Julie was shy by nature, and she had yet to meet him, the one from whom she desired more than a kiss. No matter. She had Kim. Her friend would be here soon enough.
Then tomorrow would come.
Julie stretched and settled her feet into her slippers. One floor down in the kitchen, she could already hear her mother clanging pots and pans. This was to be a grand sendoff for her little girl. Everything had to be perfect.
She padded her away down the steps and ducked her head into the study. Greg was nowhere to be found. No doubt her mother had sent him off on a series of errands. Such a party required chips and soda and never-ending amounts of ice. Poor Greg. Barely five years after a blind date and a whirlwind romance, her mother got a well-deserved second chance with a captain of industry who saw to the needs of his girls, as he so affectionately referred to Julie and her mom. Greg got an instant family, but it wasn’t all roses and moonlight strolls. Julie’s mom saw to that.
As expected, her mother was doing twelve things at once. Water was boiling in preparation of a pasta salad, vegetables were scattered about the counter in various states of chopped, and vanilla batter was ready to be poured into a cake pan. Julie leaned against the doorway, folded her arms, and made every effort to smile.
“Mom?”
Sharon Heller started at the sound of her daughter’s voice.
“Sweetheart! You’re up early. Sleep well?”
Every question that came out of Sharon’s mouth was laced with fear of the unknown. Julie had heard it on her first day of kindergarten, on prom night, and when she finally left the nest for college. Tomorrow that fear would reach epic proportions in anticipation. On the horizon was an escapade of which her mother did not particularly approve. 
Better to take her mind off it for the moment.
“Fine, Mom. Need some help?”
Sharon looked around the kitchen. To the naked eye the scene appeared chaotic, but Sharon knew where every ingredient was along with their intended platters. 
“I have everything under control,” Sharon said.
Julie could have predicted that answer before she even asked the question.
“Okay. Like some company?”
Sharon smiled stiffly at the prospect of girl talk. Julie settled behind the breakfast bar as her mother poured her a cup of coffee. 
“Does the graduate take it black?” Sharon asked.
“Still milk and three sugars,” Julie said through a blush. Sometimes, especially with her mother, she didn’t feel like a grown up. The diploma recently pressed into her hand was supposed to turn the tide, but Julie still looked and felt young whenever she stared in the mirror. Sharon’s presentation of super sweet coffee and a bowl of Fruit Loops did nothing to help matters.
“So who’s all coming today?” Julie asked.
“The usual. Beth and Dave. Max and Amy.”
These were Greg’s friends. Julie only knew then in passing from the occasional weekend trip home. Like Greg, they were important men with stunning wives, and Julie knew that her mother always felt somewhat out of place with them. For Julie, the feeling was more than mutual.
Thank God for Kim.
“Should be fun,” Julie said. 
Sharon cracked the noodles and stirred the pot. 
“Absolutely. Everyone loves a party. You know, Beth is having us out to the Hamptons next weekend.”
Julie sipped her coffee in between bites of cereal.
“Oh yeah?”
“Now that is going to be a party! Beth is having the whole thing catered, and a little birdie told me that her handsome nephew will be there.”
Julie had no idea who Beth’s nephew was or even if he was handsome, but she knew her mother well enough to see where this was going.
“Mom…”
Sharon popped the cake into the oven and licked a stray bit of batter from her fingers.
“Why not, sweetheart? From what Beth says, he’s a very nice young man.”
Sharon was hardly the product of another era. Julie didn’t have to settle down to be happy, but doing so soon and close to home seemed a safer bet than what Julie had planned.
“Kim and I are leaving tomorrow, Mom.”
Sharon reached across the bar and took hold of Julie’s wrist. So this was to be an encore of a performance of a familiar diatribe. She’d heard it ad nauseam since Kim and Julie hatched their little plan.
“Julie, are you sure about this?”
“We’ve been through all this---”
“I know, I know. But it’s just… I mean… Greg said he’d pay for you two to take a cruise. Wouldn’t that… I mean wouldn’t that be… safer?”
“Right, Mom. Because ships never sink and people never go overboard.”
Sharon sniffed and turned back to her boiling pot. All of that and more could happen on the sea, but Sharon obviously liked the idea of her daughter in one place with itineraries galore to choose from. Two young girls hitting the open road with no real destination in mind, simply a desire to see the country before there was no choice but to be a grown up? It bothered Sharon. Julie had to wonder if there was a hint of jealousy in the concern.
“Mom, come on. Don’t be like that.”
“I’m not like anything.”
Sharon kept her back to her daughter, but Julie could see the lines of all kinds of anxiety and regret through her faded gray tee. Making her worry so was never part of the plan. Julie finished her coffee and stepped away from the bar.
“Mom, it’s going to be alright.”
“Is it?”
“Yes. Better than alright. Kim and I just want an adventure. It’s exciting. We’re probably going to see and do things that we can’t even imagine.”
As soon as Sharon turned away from the stove, Julie realized that she had said the wrong thing.
“I can,” Sharon said.
“Mom, you watch too much Dateline---”
“Don’t you know what could happen? You girls could breakdown, get stranded somewhere…”
“We have iPhones.”
“Lot of good if the battery dies.”
“Car chargers, Mom. They’re the latest.”
Sharon resumed cutting her vegetables. She brought the knife down with rapid, angry taps. 
“It’s Kim.” 
She was never Sharon’s first choice in a best friend. Kim was what Sharon classified as wild and unthinking. Julie had argued against this assumption for too many years to count, but the memory of the girls stumbling home drunk when they were supposed to be safely tucked away at grad night was something, among other things, that Sharon could not get past.
“It’s not just Kim. I want to go, too. I’m excited, Mom. It’ll be fun.”
“I thought you were so glad to be home.”
“I am. Mom, it’s not for the whole summer. Kim already has a job lined up, she has orientation---”
“And maybe you should be focused on that, too.”
Sharon was picking at a scab. Even Kim, normally enemy number one, could be held up as some kind of an example to follow if it stopped the girls’ plan in its tracks.
“I’ll figure something out when we get back. I told you.”
Sharon dropped the knife.   
“I... I guess so. It’ll just be better when this is over, little girl.”
Julie lacked the conviction to argue Sharon’s last point as her mother kissed her head, and she cast her gaze on the clock.
“I should… I should take a shower. Kim’ll be here soon.”
 Sharon went back to her vegetables as Julie trudged up the stairs.
The water, as hot as she could stand it, cascaded down her body. Julie ran her hands over her head and leaned against the shower wall. She rubbed the mango body wash across her flesh with a sigh. Her mother wasn’t totally off base. This was Kim’s idea. She was the one who thought it would be fun to go where the day took them. If Julie was being honest with her friend or her mother, she’d admit that there was something scary about leaving the ordered world of home and school and everything she knew. But it was also too exhilarating an experience to pass up. Kim knew that she had agreed with the smallest bit of reluctance. Julie would keep that truth from her mother at all costs.
She toweled her light brown hair dry and tied it back in a messy bun. As she walked back to her room, the doorbell rang. Julie raced down the steps to cut Sharon off at the pass.
Too late.
“Kim, so you’re an early bird now, too?”
Kim appeared beyond confused until she caught sight of Julie at the foot of the stairs.
“Times change, Mrs. Heller.  Hey, Jules. What’s up?”
Julie had never been happier to see anyone. She answered her friend with a mumble and a nod and started to pull her up the stairs.
“Kim, breakfast?” Sharon asked.
Bad idea. The invitation for coffee was just a ruse to launch into the third degree, and while Julie knew that Kim could more than hold her own with anyone, even her mother, she wanted to spare her friend the interrogation.
“She’s good, Mom.”
“Maybe you should let your friend answer the question.”
Julie shot Kim a desperate look.
Don’t make eye contact. It’s a trap. Just keep moving.
Kim had known Julie and her mother long enough to take the hint.
“All good here, Mrs. H.”
Julie exhaled, and they hurried upstairs.
“What’s the damage, Jules?” Kim asked once they were behind her closed door.
“You know. She doesn’t want us to do this, she’s all freaked out…”
“So same old Sharon, huh?”
Julie flopped down on the bed.
“You got it.”
Kim fell beside her.
“Christ. Guess Greg’s not doing it for her.”
Julie reached for a pillow and playfully batted Kim’s leg.
“Gross! I don’t want to think about that.”
“Why not? Greg’s not so bad. He’s actually kind of cute.”
“Kim!”
“Not that I’m into that kind of thing.”
Whether she was or wasn’t was beside the point. 
“We are not talking about my mom’s sex life.”
Julie shot up and stepped into her walk-in closet to change. Even with Kim, she remained modest.
“Okay. So let’s talk about yours.”
Julie pulled her legs into a pair of jeans and slipped a floral blouse over her slender frame.
“Nothing to talk about, Kimmy.”
“I know. But maybe something on our trip will change all that.”
Julie couldn’t help but roll her eyes. In between visiting national parks and historic landmarks, Kim hoped for a little summer loving on the road. Julie was not against this possibility, but the thought of it still scared her. Maybe she had waited too long to get her first time out of the way, and maybe she had built it up to something that needn’t be so terrifying. Kim’s advice was to just loosen up with a few drinks and not get so hung up how it might feel when Kim’s experiences had only ever been amazing.
Or so she said.
“We’ll see, Kimmy.”
She fastened the locket her father had given her at age ten around her neck, and she touched it wistfully. Cracking the heart open, she saw the picture of her father hugging her close. Not long after she unwrapped the gift, he was struck down by a drunk in a Chevy. Just another excuse for Sharon to hold her back. 
“Jules? You okay?”
Julie closed the heart and turned back to her friend with a smile.
“I’m fine.”
As Greg’s friends started to arrive, Julie kept her eyes on the window and waited for the man who was the source to make his return appearance. Julie did like Greg. He was never going to take her father’s place, and he laid no claim to the title. But at least her mom seemed to relax some whenever he was around. With her so wound up at the prospect to the trip, she needed Greg present for that purpose above all else.
His car finally pulled into the drive, and Julie took a deep breath and Kim’s hands. They descended the steps to the party and were met with a group of smiling well-wishers whom she barely recognized. The strangers’ lips, already tinged with the first of what would probably be several cocktails before the day was out, met her face. Their congratulations were accompanied by cards that had to contain checks celebrating the accomplishment that was her degree. No gifts were produced for Kim, and the partygoers apologized for what struck them as a fatal faux pas. It was no skin off Kim’s nose, and she fixed herself a screwdriver. Julie was the one who truly needed a drink when her mother’s tense face forced a smile as conversation turned to the girls’ travel plans, but she needed to keep a cool head.
Kim made small talk with the invited guests, and Julie abandoned the party for the patio. She fingered the locket again and thought of her father. The repeated sentiment in the wake of his death was that time would heal the wounds which were then still so fresh around her heart. All these years later, it was truth and fiction wrapped into one braid. Julie was able to focus on the day to day and cope with the pressure of her course load and even have fun with Kim and their other friends once projects were completed and turned in. Yet always and without fail, the memory of the man and the reality of how much she’d lost, and the many more things that they would never share, tugged at her soul. It was the latter that still had the power to send her towards a sadness that was unspeakable. In those moments, the only thing that Julie could do was rest upon the conviction that her father’s death was the worst thing that had and ever would happen to her. It seemed as if every person walking the earth had one supremely sad story, and while she wasn’t so naïve as to believe that the remaining roads in her life would be paved with nothing but rose petals, she managed to take some comfort in the fact she’d at least gotten her most awful tragedy out of the way. It didn’t completely stifle the pain of the loss, but it was something.
Julie turned her head at the sound of the sliding glass door, and saw Greg, smiling, with two glasses in his hand.
“There you are!” he beamed. “I got to keep my eye on you, Julie.”
He offered her a drink. Julie sniffed the glass and shook her head at the scent of gin mixed with tonic.
“Not having any?” he asked.
“Not today.”
“You sure?”
“So sure. But thanks.”
Greg downed the first glass in one gulp and proceeded to sip the drink he retrieved from her hand. He was handsome in a plastic game show host kind of way, and he had been good for her mother. When he first came into the picture, Kim warned Julie to be on the lookout for her new daddy. Her parents had divorced when Kim was seven, and her mother changed pretenders to the throne with like most people clicked between TV channels. More than one of these posers had leered at Kim as she shot up and out, and the worst of the bunch even tried to feel her up during an Easter brunch. At that point Kim was strong enough to fend him off with a swift kick to the shins, and even her mother wasn’t self-absorbed enough to keep him around in service of her fragile ego. 
Despite Kim’s gross cautionary tale, Greg was never anything but a gentleman in her present, and Julie counted herself and her mother lucky to have chanced upon a decent guy.
“So, you girls are really doing this,” he said.
Julie groaned and rolled her eyes. He had to be here on another of her mother’s errands, and she waited for him to try to talk her out of the trip.
“Leaving first thing tomorrow,” she said as she kept her eyes firmly planted on her feet.
“Excited?” he asked.
She slowly nodded.
“And a little scared!” He playfully nudged her ribs, and Julie twisted away from him.
“You, too?”
“Me too what?”
Julie let out a long sigh.
“Come on, Greg. Where are your lines?”
“What lines?”
She finally looked up at him with a knowing stare and gave the imitation of Sharon that was the product of a lifetime.
“It’s just so dangerous in that big, bad world, Julie. You’ll get stranded or lost and never ever ever find your way home.”
Greg let out a long laugh.
“Julie, those aren’t my lines.”
“But she still wanted you to say it.”
“The truth?”
She nodded and waited for it.
“Julie, I told your mom what I’m going to tell you. You’re a smart kid with a cell phone and a GPS at your disposal. This isn’t 1960 something. People take vacations every goddamned day.”
That was a relief. Julie couldn’t take another lecture, and Greg was right. It was basically a drive on a longer than usual Sunday afternoon with stops to take in the sights along the way. Nothing bad was going to happen.
“Thanks, Greg.”
“Don’t mention it, Kid. When it’s all said and done, I think it’s going to be the best thing for all of us.”
No doubt he was looking forwards to some alone time with her mom, and once again she pushed the thought of her mother doing things she had yet to experience into the darkest corner of her mind.
Greg patted her cheek and gave her a smile.
“Come back to the party now?” he asked.
She gave him a small hug as he took her back to the house.
The afternoon trickled away with praise for Sharon’s cooking and talk of everyone’s summer plans.  The couple that Julie was pretty sure was Dave and Beth spoke of a cruise near summer’s end, and Julie saw her mother raise her eyebrows at the mention of the dates. By then, her baby girl would be home safe and trying figure out her future. Sharon failed to comprehend that that was a truly terrifying place to be. In some ways, the road trip would eliminate the need for heavy decisions, and Julie welcomed the reprieve.
“But this thing that you girls are doing,” Beth began, “How fun!”
Julie really wished they could resume discussing the seasonings in her mother’s pasta salad.
“It’s going to be the shit,” Kim said. By now she had enough of a buzz on and lost her filter. Sharon sniffed and headed back to the kitchen as the other ladies tittered. Their husbands seemed amused by Kim’s bold candor. Julie looked over to Greg. She couldn’t detect one of shred of emotion on his face. It appeared to her that he was simply studying Kim and pondering a possibility. It was a little out of the ordinary. Greg wasn’t the type to make a pass, and even if he was, he’d be an idiot to do so with her best friend under his roof. Still, Julie felt a slight sense of unease. No question. It was the best thing that they were getting far away come morning.
“Excuse me, please.”
Julie followed her mother and watched her start to load the dishwasher. She had to hear Julie tapping her nails against the counter, but she made no move to look in her daughter’s direction.
“Mom?”
“Just trying to clean up, Julie.”
She sighed and realized that she had to make a last ditch effort to put this thing to bed. Sharon was freaking over nothing, and Julie had to find a way to make her understand.
“Mom.”
Julie wrapped her arm around her mother’s shoulders. She could feel the small sob starting in her shoulders and nuzzled Sharon’s neck.
“Why do you worry so much?”
“I… just don’t want to be left alone.”
“Alone? But you have Greg, right?”
“You know what I mean, Julie.”
As frustrating as her mother could always be, Julie got it. A person doesn’t lose the love of her life and not fear for her only child. Julie turned her mother towards her.
“Mom? Mom, look at me.”
Sharon slowly did as she was told. So often she looked on the verge of tears.
“It’s a few weeks, Mom. I’ll be back before you know it. Back here. I’m not moving out right away.”
Sharon let out a light laugh.
“Thank heavens for that! Because you know, I really couldn’t bear it if I had no one.”
“Oh, Mom.”
Julie pulled her into a tight hug. Whatever else happened, she would always be her mother, and no matter how much Julie sometimes wanted to fight it, she was destined to stay her little girl.
“It’s gonna be fine. Just give me a little breathing room, okay?”
Sharon nodded and lingered in her daughter’s arms for a few moments more.
The party finally broke up. Greg shifted back into regular stepdad mode and asked Kim if she was okay to drive.
“Absolutely, Mr. Heller.”
Greg wagged a teasing finger in her face.
“And you better not be imbibing when you’re behind the wheel tomorrow.”
Sharon appeared on the verge of a whole new set of reservations when Kim reassuringly patted her cheek.
“Relax, Mrs. Heller. Julie’s in good hands.”
Julie walked Kim to her car. It was a cool night, and the air felt like a relief against her face.
“Some shindig, Jules.”
“It was ridiculous. I barely know them.”
“Hey. But you got the cash in hand, right?”
Julie made a mental note for them to stop at the bank before they hit the road. Come Monday morning, the strangers’ gifts would be waiting for her withdrawal and whatever might come her way.
“I guess.”
“Your mom really needs to chill.”
“I know. I mean… I know.”
They’d had the conversation over and over again throughout their friendship. It was time to start talking about something, anything else.
“So you’ll be back when? Like seven?”
“Seven? Come on, Jules.”
“But I thought you said that you wanted to get an early start.”
“Eight isn’t early?”
It was, but despite the truce of sorts with her mom, Julie wanted out, sooner rather than later.
“It is.”
Kim lingered over her car door with a smile.
“Just go to bed. Take something if you have to.”
“Is that your plan?”
“What’s with the look?”
“After all you had to drink? If it was me, I’d never wake up for eight.”
Kim groaned and tugged at Julie’s ear.
“Such a lightweight. We gotta to something about that, too.”
Kim was always full of ideas for Julie’s self-improvement. In Kim’s world, that meant more adventures of every level.  She’d always held her at bay with the excuse of midterms and finals. But now…?
Maybe she did want to go a little crazy.
“Just get me back in one piece or my mom’ll have your head.”
“Don’t I always look out for you?”
Always.
They hugged goodbye, and Kim sped off with a quick toot of her horn and a wave through the window. She wouldn’t take anything, but the thought of sneaking one quick drink before bed wasn’t the worst idea. She’d sleep more soundly and wake up to the promise of tomorrow.
2
With the help of just the smallest sip of vodka, morning came quickly. Julie turned over on her side and looked at her clock. It was just past 6:45. Plenty of time to shower and double check that everything was packed. Any hope she had of getting away with the briefest of goodbyes disintegrated when she heard her mother at it in the kitchen again. Knowing Sharon, she wanted Julie to get in a good breakfast, a final meal in her fatalistic mind. Julie sighed at the thought of and dawdled under the hot water until she knew she had to step out and face the music. She brushed her teeth and quickly dressed before hoisting her bags over her shoulders. Counting her purse, her luggage numbered only three items, but that was part of the beauty of travelling between places where people would only see her once. Ensembles could be worn and washed and used again. She knew that Kim would have a different game plan, but Julie liked to travel light. It wasn’t like she needed one more thing to weigh her down.
She descended the steps to the smell of bacon and eggs and pancakes. Guess her mom wanted to ensure a little more meat on her bones for whatever the open road tossed her way. Julie settled her bags by the front door and followed the aroma of breakfast with a quick glance at her watch.
 7:35. Perfect.
“Morning,” Julie murmured. Sharon Heller finished setting a plate at the breakfast bar, and she wiped her hands on her apron when she saw Julie in her travelling clothes. Julie registered the brave face she was putting on for her own benefit as well as her daughter’s. The microwave clock read 7:37. She’d choke down a few bites, sip her coffee, and count the seconds until Kim’s car showed up. 
“So it’s almost time,” Sharon said as she sat at her daughter’s side.
Julie nodded as she nibbled on a piece of bacon. Sharon twisted a dishrag in between her hands, which obviously trembled in the face of the dreaded hour. They sat in silence as Julie dribbled maple syrup on the pancakes. Right now she was too nervous and too excited to eat much, but she made a show of enjoying the meal for her mother’s benefit.
When she was eight years old, ages before her father was stripped away from their family, Sharon was already blocking her daughter’s path. Julie remembered flying into a rage when her mother denied her a sleepover at the home of Bethany Irwin, the new girl in her class. At such a young age, Julie could make no sense of her mother’s objections. So what if she didn’t know Bethany’s parents? Julie knew and liked the girl, even though she was jealous of her orange hair and the trail of freckles that ran down her neck. With a red magic marker that was supposed to carry the perfume of cherries, Julie tried to emulate the picture across her own throat. Her mother wiped the markings away with the rough back of a sponge. Julie had believed that that was the reason her mother wouldn’t let her sleep under the canopy bed Bethany endlessly described. So she stuffed her backpack with PJs and her toothbrush and what remained of her Halloween candy. Sneaking out the front door, she could hear her parents discussing the ramifications of a night under a stranger’s roof. From what Julie heard and what she could still remember, her father was less opposed to the idea, but Sharon held her ground.
Julie marched out of the house and raced down the street. At a maple tree, she kept running. Barely past the next block, it suddenly occurred to Julie that although she knew Bethany’s address, she didn’t have any idea as to how she would reach her desired destination. Frozen on the sidewalk, Julie had to make a decision. Should she keep running in the hope that her new friend would appear on her porch with a freckled wave? Or should she try to sneak back home before her parents even realized that she was gone? Eight didn’t translate to stupid, and Julie trudged back home under the weight of the treasures that she‘d have to unpack alone.
Circling the maple tree for the second time in minutes, Julie was just in time to see her father starting to back his car out of their old driveway while her mother stood on the porch, frantic and frozen in the space of a single stance. The thought of making another run for what she had no way of finding flashed across her mind, but Julie was too slow to make good on the notion. Sharon saw her and moved from where she had been fixed in distress. Her daughter made no attempt to struggle away until Sharon’s arms were firmly clenched about her shoulders.
“I said no, Julie! Don’t you understand what that means? What did you think you were doing?”
“I---”
Her mother answered her own question with a quick whack against Julie’s cheek. Flying from the driver’s seat, Julie’s father pulled his wife to their lawn and asked her what she thought she was doing. Julie listened to all the reasons why Sharon thought she was in the right as her father railed against what no mother should ever do.  
“Someone has to teach her---”
“I don’t care, Sharon. You won’t teach her anything like that.”
“And what would you do? Reward her with ice cream?”
“Jesus Christ.”
“Oh. That’s real nice language in front of the kid.”
“It wasn’t for her.”
“Stop!”
In the loudest voice a little girl could manage, Julie made them quiet. It was the only way that an eight-year-old could take the floor and plead her case. 
“I’m… I’m sorry. I won’t ever do it again.”
Julie went to bed without dinner and spent the rest of the weekend indoors. It was a kid’s price for a moment of defiance.
Now Julie dragged her fork across her plate in the absence of half a pancake and two forkfuls of egg. Years later, not too many to count, Julie got where her mother was coming from. Bethany’s parents could have been anything. Pedophiles. Serial killers. In time, Sharon learned that they were members of the PTA, and the long-awaited sleepover finally came to pass. It had been a blast, even if the canopy bed didn’t match all of Bethany’s talk. Yet it was natural to fear them at first, to fear the unknown.
But Julie was no longer eight.
“Now you will check in, right?” Sharon asked. 
“I will, Mom. I promise.”
“And you’ll be careful?”
“Sure.”
Sharon spun her spoon around the rim of her coffee cup and finally let out a sigh.
“I guess there’s no stopping you then.”
Julie wrapped her arm around her mother’s neck and plopped a maple syrup kiss on her cheek. Sharon slid back in her seat and wiped the stain away with the corner of her napkin.
“Maybe I am being silly,” she said. “I just---”
The sound of Kim’s car nearing the house silenced Sharon before she could finish.
7:53. Early.
Awesome.
Julie finished her coffee and hopped of the stool.
“Are you gonna see us off?” Julie asked.
Sharon smiled and placed an arm around her daughter’s shoulders. Greg was already in the foyer, and he helped Julie bring her meager luggage to Kim’s sky blue Camry. The car had seen her through four years of college. Used at the time of purchase, it still had enough life for the task at hand, but Kim already spoke of retiring the old girl once their summer sojourn reached its conclusion.
“Hey, Jules. Mr. and Mrs. Heller.”
Greg waited dumbly for the trunk to pop open as Julie took the bags.
“No room there, Greg,” Julie said.
“What---”
She shot Julie a knowing smile. As anticipated, the trunk was filled to capacity with enough of Kim’s belongings to crisscross the country in a variety of outfits to rival a soap opera character nine times over. Julie took her bags from Greg and deposited them in the backseat.
Kim stayed in the car with the motor idling as Sharon hugged her daughter close with the words be safe, baby. Greg followed suit and slipped a small wad of bills into Julie’s pocket.
“Mad money,” he whispered. “Now just go have fun.”
This was unexpected. In between Greg’s cash and what she had yet to deposit in the bank, that shouldn’t be a problem.
Julie slid into the passenger’s seat as Kim threw the car into reverse. Once they reached the end of the drive, Kim honked her horn and Julie offered a goodbye wave. With Greg’s arm around her shoulders, Sharon seemed contented. Probably not as much as she would be when Julie ultimately returned, but Julie didn’t want to think about that now. Only the open road was on her mind.
After a quick stop at the bank, Kim twisted the car onto the highway. That so many people would be on there on a Sunday morning shouldn’t have come as a surprise, but Kim moaned when they were trapped in gridlock to rival rush hour.
“Come on!” she cried as she banged her hands against the steering wheel. “What’s the deal here?”
“Maybe a stalled car or something,” Julie said.
“Or a horrible accident. If we hadn’t stopped at the bank, my God! It could have been us, Jules.”
She was channeling Sharon to somewhat successful effect, and Julie playfully punched her shoulder.
“Shut up,” Julie teased. “So what did your mom have to say?”
Kim lit a cigarette before she spoke.
“Said she’d see me when she sees me.”
One extreme to the other. Sometimes Julie envied Kim her lackadaisical mom who only showed a passing interest in her only child. A girl didn’t have to mind a curfew if it was never set. But that also led to many a missed milestone. Kim’s mother hadn’t even made the briefest of appearances at their graduation ceremony. That had to hurt, but it also made Kim worldly wise and self-reliant well before the time when it was no longer a choice. A part of Julie envied that, too.
They finally hit the source of the traffic jam. Flat tire and rubberneckers. 
“Called it!” Julie said.
“You said it was a stalled car.”
“It’s the same difference.”
Kim lit up again as Julie flipped through the terrestrial radio. Sweet as the car was, no one would miss the lack of satellite stations when Kim finally upgraded to a newer model. She settled on a static riddled rendition of The Cranberries Linger and watched unfamiliar towns pass by. The plan was to turn off at the first pang of hunger and rely on back roads with quaint names for as long as possible. Julie had neglected to share that part of the schedule with her mother. Why give her another cause for concern?
“Is Brian like crushed?” Julie eventually asked.
“Not about this.”
“What do you mean?”
“I dumped in on Thursday.”
Stunned, Julie slowly turned the volume down a touch. 
“What? Why?”
“I don’t know,” Kim said through a puff. “Time to move on I guess.”
They’d only dated for a few months. It seemed an odd couple from the start. Dirty boys, bad boys, were more Kim’s speed. But as that final semester reached its conclusion, Kim opted for something of a square. He always wore khakis and dark-rimmed glasses that concealed a nice pair of light brown eyes. At first Julie thought it was just an experiment, one more type for Kim to check off. Then it got serious. Not exclusive by any stretch of the imagination; it wasn’t like Kim was going to marry the guy and start popping out babies by the dozen. But for it just to be over before anyone had the chance to blink still came as a surprise.
“It thought you really liked him,” Julie said.
“Did. Do.”
She stamped out her second smoke and smiled wickedly at her friend.
“But I don’t need any guilt weighing me down. I’m looking for more than just sight-seeing, Jules.”
She had figured as much. Kim would take the trip as a chance to sample the local wares and entice her to take a taste, but Julie figured that what Brian didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.
Obviously Kim was of a different opinion.
“How’d he take it?” Julie asked.
“Okay I guess. Hey, he had to know that it would end sometime.”
Sure. But it still had to hurt. Kim raised the volume, a signal that the matter was no longer up for debate. If Julie had wanted an argument, she could have just stayed home, so she let it drop.
They pressed on for nearly two more hours and talked about the bad Botox on display at the party and Greg’s gift of cash.
“He is kind of a cool stepdad, Jules. Guess you got one of the good ones.”
Even as her fingers grazed the ridges of her locket, she had to agree.
Hunger came, and Julie turned off on an exit ramp. They were somewhere in Pennsylvania. At first glance, the town was nondescript. There were signs pointing to hospitals and streets dotted with chain stores that they were likely to encounter again and again during the tip. Everywhere had a Wal-Mart, and it was either the spirit of healthy competition or total stupidity to place a Target one door down. Moving into the heart of the place, they were welcomed with a sign that read Welcome to Eatonsburg. Julie had never heard of it, and she’d probably forget this first town as soon as they crossed its border. They turned onto the main street, and Kim made note of the gas station. After they grabbed a bite, they’d be smart to fill up before passing through the nearby hamlets. 
“How about this?” Kim asked.
She slowed down at the parking lot of Eatonsburg’s Eats. It was small place with minimal parking, but they were obviously at the tail end of families finishing their post-church meal. Kim got a decent enough spot, and they passed a woman with a walker and her patient husband as they made their way up a ramp. Julie smiled at the couple as they entered the establishment.
If ever there was a greasy spoon, this was it. Grizzled men sat at the bar drinking endless cups of coffee. A row of booths featured mothers cutting chicken fingers into even smaller pieces while the eventual eaters splashed apple juice upon placemats adorned with local advertisement. The waitresses were all leathery skin just below hairstyles permanently trapped in the 1980’s. It was as if they had been born there and would carry tray after tray of burgers and seasoned fries until they took their last breath.
“How many?”
The girls were approached by a woman whose obesity was just shy of morbid. She wore a necklace of too many charms around her thick neck, the most prominent reading I Luv Grandma. Kim held up two fingers, and they were shown led past the booths into a back room of proper tables. Why waste a booth on such a small party?  
It was quieter there save for another couple, even older than the pair they had passed upon entry, and a strange-looking man with perpetually bulging eyes and a mass of unkempt curls atop a too wide forehead. Kim was already settling in her seat and accepting a menu from Grandma when Julie noticed him leering at them over a short stack. It made her uneasy, but hopefully he would finish up quickly and leave them to their meal.
“Drinks?”
“Coffee. And water. With lemon.”
Grandma snorted at Kim’s request and turned her attention to Kim.
“And you, honey?”
“Um… the same I guess.”
She waddled off to fulfill the request as Kim became fully absorbed in the spiral bound set of choices. Short Stack drizzled ketchup on his saucer and started dipping sausage links into the red pool. He licked the tomato pasted clean before biting down on the meat, keeping his eyes on Julie the entire time. She tried to ignore him and flipped through her menu. She didn’t want breakfast. It had already been done. A sandwich, something light with a small side of fires might do the tick. Clams casino. Who would ever order that in a place like this?
Short Stack kept staring as he blew on his coffee cup. Julie thought he… no he did wink at her, and she was overcome by the sensation that the man who’d never have to worry about purchasing a Halloween costume was imagining her in one of the waitress’ apron and nothing else.
Forget food. She wanted to get out.
“Kim?”
“I’m thinking a Reuben,” she said. With her back to Short Stack, Kim had no way of seeing his evil eye.
“Kim, I---”
“Or corned beef hash. Bet they’re famous for it.” 
Short Stack scooted out of his seat and started to approach their table. He was a large man in height and belly, and he moved slowly but surely. Julie instinctively reached for the hand that still surrounded Kim’s menu.
“What about you?”
Kim finally noticed the man hovering over their table. Julie blinked fast and started rearranging her silverware as Kim stared up at him.
“Can we help you with something?” Kim asked, annoyed.
“No. But I bet I can help you, pretty lady.”
Julie could feel her leg trembling under the table. Had her mother been right? Was this just the first step to some redneck’s torture chamber with rusty power tools meant to inflict the most unspeakable harm? 
Stop it, Julie. You’re in a public place for Christ’s sake.
Kim obviously had no such concerns. She dropped her menu and got to her feet.
“We don’t need any help,” Kim said with an icy glare.
“Beg to differ. How’d you two like to join me for breakfast?”
Kim barely managed to stifle a laugh.
“We’re here for lunch. So you’re a little behind the curve there.”
“Just trying to be friendly. You don’t have to be such a rude little bitch.”
Julie looked back to the booths and prayed for Grandma to return with their drinks. No doubt she could put this creep in his place. When she didn’t see her, Julie looked to the elderly couple focused on their tuna melts. They probably couldn’t hear or see what was going on with any measure of clarity. Julie pushed her chair out from under her with the intention of getting help from someone when Short Stack grabbed her wrist and held her in place where she stood.
“No,” Julie said,
Before she could struggle, Short Stack had her other arm in his meaty paw.
“And where are you going? Got no manners, baby?”
Kim pushed him away from Julie with two flat palms. Short Stack kept his grasp on Julie as he stumbled back and crashed into the setting of an unoccupied table. It was enough noise to quiet the other diners and finally capture the attention of the tuna melt pair. Julie could feel Short Stack’s foul coffee breath running down her neck when a voice mercifully ordered him to let her go.
Julie turned her head to see two boys.
They were tall, blonde-haired and blue-eyed. One of them, the one who was obviously in charge, plowed forward and pulled Julie from Short Stack’s grasp. The would-be assailant wiped his sweaty palms across the front of his button down shirt and smirked. But he took a step back. Julie’s sudden hero stood with clenched fists and a look of rage that made her believe that he would pop Short Stack if he made one more wrong move.
“You okay?” he whispered to Julie.
She slowly nodded as Kim pulled her back to their table. As Julie trembled, she could feel Kim’s hands smoothing the tension from her back. Kim’s eyes continued to brim with rage, but as a sigh escaped her lips, Julie knew that she was equally relieved that someone had come to their aid.
The boy glared at Short Stack.
“Get lost.”
Short Stack’s fingers crept perilously close to a jam-stained knife. It could do no real harm, but Julie held her breath. The boy was quicker than Short Stack’s intention, and he knocked the knife to the floor and pressed his booted heel against the silverware.
Now Short Stack was sweating for other reasons.
“You deaf, asshole? These ladies want you out.”
Short Stack was panting as he collected his newspaper and wallet from the table top. He tossed a few bills on the table and lumbered past the girls. His tongue smoothed across his upper lip as he exited. Even when he was finally gone, Julie was still jumpy. She could barely feel Kim pressing her close. Once he was sure that Short Stack was gone, the boy approached them with a concerned look on his face.
“Are you two alright?” he asked.
Julie couldn’t breathe, couldn’t speak. As if on cue, Kim took the lead.
“Yeah,” she said. “Thanks.”
“Prick.”
Julie looked at the boy’s friend. He hung back and looked as nervous as he felt. Once he seemed convinced that the danger had past, he moved to his friend’s side and shyly smiled.
“That coulda been ugly, Matt,” he said.
“Could of. Sure. Glad it wasn’t.”
Julie had to sit to stop her heart from racing and the room from spinning. Kim knelt at her side, and Grandma finally returned with their drink order.
“Sorry about that,” she said as she set the waters and the coffees on their table. “He’s a handsy one.”
Grandma offered no other explanation or apology for the groper and returned to the counter. Julie was grateful for the water, sans lemon, and her pulse decelerated as the cool stream poured down her throat. Had she been scared? Naturally. Who wouldn’t be with the threat of a greasy man three times her size? Her mind shifted back to her mother, but when Matt’s friend smiled and told her that everything would be okay, Julie took some comfort in the reality of the many good people along their road to anywhere.
Kim could shift gears quicker like a stick shift, and she leapt to her feet and offered to buy the boys lunch in a show of gratitude. They quickly accepted.
Once Short Stack’s table was cleared, Julie started to forget his vile intentions. It was easier when sitting across from two smiling knights with taut muscles under their gray and blue tees. Matt, the one in blue, was the talker of the pair. 
“You’re not from around here, right?”
Kim took charge.
“What gave us away?”
“Good hair. Nice teeth. The fact that you showered.”
It was a condescending statement that carried a ring of truth. Julie had to laugh as she doused her coffee with sugar. Matt’s friend followed suit, and Julie took it as a show of solidarity. It served to relax her further.
“Nice call, Einstein,” Kim said. “And what’s your deal?”
“Us? We’re just making a study of animal life in these here parts. You know. Rug rats, dying cougars, elephants.”
That last bit was for Grandma, and Matt laughed at his own joke. Kim had already staked her prey and giggled as prompted, but there was something a bit crude in the boy that bothered Julie.
His friend was a different story
He laughed at Matt and smiled at Kim, but he only looked at Julie for slight seconds at a time. His eyes kept returning to the coke that Grandma delivered on his order, and he stirred the bubbles with his straw. Like Julie, he got the joke but didn’t revel in it. She liked that.
“And what are we?” Kim teasingly asked.
Matt studied them carefully before he answered.
“Oh you’re off the plantation. Like rare birds trying to find a better perch.”
Kim scrunched her nose at the supposed compliment.
“Too much?” Matt asked.
“How about we drop the animal metaphors,” Kim said.
“Fine by me,” the other boy said.
Matt’s friend nervously laughed as he stood his ground. When Julie looked into his eyes, she wondered if he was just like her. Did he long to spread his wings while still tangled in ropes of regret?
Now she was the one likening one table at Eatonsburg’s Eats to escaped safari attractions far from home.
“You’re right, Pete. It’s too much.”
Pete.
Julie watched him sip his soda and smile. He was easy on the eyes and the ears. She’d never shared her ideal man with anyone. Even Kim. Julie wanted someone to save her. Someone beautiful and strong that spoke in soft tones. Pete’s laugh was awkward despite his fine features, and Julie was glad that Kim gravitated to his friend.
Julie preferred Pete. 
As the moments slipped by, Short Stack’s almost assault started to fade away. She listened to Kim compare notes with Matt. Like them, he and his friend were on a road trip far from home. It seemed like fate that they had all chanced upon one another. 
Fate. Another good word that Julie like to believe in against all odds.
The boys had burgers, and Kim got her corned beef hash. Julie could remember nothing from the menu, and except Kim’s desire for chicken salad. One of the dying cougars honored her request. Julie only nibbled at her sandwich as she watched Pete and his side of fries. The words he offered provided no new insights into Matt’s never-ending monologue. Recently graduated? Yes. Afraid for the future? Sure, who wasn’t? Looking for an adventure? Whatever they wanted to do.
Kim grew even bolder and asked about any nightlife within a 10 mile radius of Eatonsburg.
Matt and Pete exchanged knowing glances.
“From what we’ve seen, it’s pretty rough,” Matt said. “So-called singles nights where no one wants to pair up. A 40’s themed dance at the local legion. But they did have a carnival last week.”
Julie sensed Pete inviting them towards a better time, and her boldness stretched to Kim heights. 
“Bet you could show us something better.”
The entire table turned their attention to Julie’s attempt at playful flirting. Matt lifted his eyebrow, and Kim sadly smiled at her friend. Julie wanted to crawl under the table and forget that she had ever gained the ability to speak. Kim always wondered why she never made it with the boys in Hawthorne. It was because they weren’t the right ones, and she felt uncomfortable when they had her out of her shirt. But even on the few occasions when she felt that she could trust someone, she played the wrong role. Who wanted someone shaking and sure in the same second? And that was Julie. She didn’t know what she was supposed to do, but whatever it was made sense in her mind. Someone special just had to understand.
Pete took her hand.
“We… we could?”
That it came out like a question calmed her. Pete. His smile was kind of goofy, and maybe he wasn’t Matt hot. But he was still beautiful, and Julie liked the feel of his hand in hers.
“What’s this?” Matt asked. “You got a plan, Pete?”
He lowered his eyes. Julie wanted them back in in her stare, but he was slow to follow her wishes. All Julie could do was clutch his hand tighter. She wanted him to give voice to whatever was locked away in his mind.
“I… I was just…”
Matt laughed and rolled his eyes at Kim. They were already locked in a conspiracy of sorts, and Julie and Pete were the outsiders.
What could they do? Pete’s voice held a promise that Julie wanted to explore, and she leaned across the table and turned Pete’s face to hers.
“What’s your plan?”
When Pete left her hand, she felt sad. He shuffled in his seat and made like he was anxious as he looked out to the lot. Julie followed his eyes to a mass of trees and stones that promised more of the unknown. With these boys, it might prove everything.
“I… let’s just go for a walk or something.”
He smiled at Julie. She liked his lips curled up and imagined what they would feel like against hers.
“A walk?” Matt asked.
“Yeah. After lunch. Let’s explore.”
Julie couldn’t wait.
3
When the new friends finished their meal, Matt and Pete stood and pulled out the girls’ chairs. Playing the gentleman to the hilt, they paid the bill, and Pete even told Grandma that she was cute. Grandma chuckled and pinched his cheek as she referred to him as a sweet young thing. He rolled his eyes at Julie, and she blushed at what suddenly seemed like an inside joke. Matt only had eyes for Kim, and Julie couldn’t care less. 
She’d take Pete in a heartbeat.
They exited the eatery, and Julie hung by Pete’s side as Kim started for her Camry. She’d barely walked three steps when Matt caught her arm and wagged a playful finger in her face. Kim was never one to take orders, but it was obvious that she liked the view, and she let Matt plead his case.
“Not that way,” Matt said.
Kim scanned the lot for their ride. In between the battered pickups and rusty sedans, it was preferable that Matt held keys to the latter. But he didn’t have wheels in mind.
“We said a walk.”
Kim looked to the rolling hills behind Eatonsburg’s Eats.
“What there?” she asked. “Seriously?”
A walk was one thing, but no doubt Kim had taken the glance to the woods as a figurative promise of a strip of street that held shops to be ducked in and out of despite the fact that her trunk was already filled beyond capacity. 
“There,” Matt said. 
Kim frowned at her sandals and the prospect of stones filling the strappy shoes as dirt snuck and stayed in between her painted toenails. At least Julie had had the foresight to wear sneakers.
“You want to?” Kim asked her.
Julie was nervous about leaving the car unattended for minutes that might stretch into hours, but when Pete took her hand, her nerves were calmed.
“It’ll be fun,” Pete said.
“I’m… I’m sure. But can we just leave---?”
Julie nodded her head towards their car.
“What that?” Pete asked. Matt laughed as he wrapped his arm around Kim’s waiting shoulders.
“They won’t care,” Matt said. “Lunch rush is almost out. And we’ll come back for it when we’re done.”
Julie pressed Pete’s hand closer to hers and watched Kim weigh the options. The back roads of small town America continued to call their names, but couldn’t they wait a bit? She wanted Kim to reach the same conclusion.
She dangled her key ring around her fingers. Kim kept her face devoid of emotion as she mulled over Matt’s suggestion. After several seconds of suspense that felt like hours to Julie, Kim finally sighed and plunked her keys into her purse. Then she checked her cell.
“It’s got enough juice for a few hours,” she said. “Okay. Let’s take a walk.”
Nice call, Kim!
Matt reached into the back of one of the pickups. His vehicle came as a bit of a surprise, but Julie let it go as he hoisted a cooler with a strap over his arm and pointed ahead.
“Great! Let’s see what’s out there.”
They left the lot and started up the hill. The terrain was hardly uncultivated, but Kim had to take Matt’s hand to steady her step, and Julie nearly tripped over a twig as the diner began to fade away. Pete kept her on her toes as the ground grew flat and the group’s pace quickened.
“So what’s the plan?” Matt asked.
Kim patted his cheek and took a step forward. She walked with her back to whatever their destination might be as she answered.
“Thought that was your line,” she teased. Matt caught her wrist and drew her back to his side. 
“Not now,” Matt said. “I mean when you finish the trip. What’s the plan if you get back home?”
Julie noticed the conjunction, and for a second she thought it strange that he constructed the question with if instead of when. It seemed possible that he was privy to something far beyond her grasp, and the thought scared her until Pete pulled her closer and gave her a smile.
“He likes to think he knows the score,” Pete said.
At ease again, they followed Matt’s back and Kim’s face. It was nothing. Matt didn’t, he couldn’t, know anything but his hopes. In his mind, he probably envisioned showing the girls such a time that they’d never ever dream of returning to their former lives and instead opt to dwell on the land with nothing but the boys’ desires to keep them warm at night.
But Matt didn’t know Kim.
“Back home?” Kim asked. “Job. Working for the weekend. Paying into a pension.”
Kim had obviously ignored if, and she went on about the paralegal position awaiting her at Siminoff and Wexler, a firm specializing in celebrity clients. Their most recent coup was the actor accused of raping an under-aged fan in a Beverly Hills hotel room. Matt seemed impressed and said he imagined Kim moving up the ranks until she commanded the defense table while shielding the next star who didn’t hear the word no. 
“Sounds good. And you?” Matt asked Julie.
She had nothing to compare to Kim’s supposedly sure thing. No matter how much Julie applied herself and how much Kim entered exams on a wing and a prayer, she still came out on top. No wonder. Kim had grace and looks backing her brains. So why should the real world be any different?
Julie blushed and focused of the dirt scraping against the soles of her sneakers.
“I’m… I’m not sure. Had some interviews but… I’m not sure.”
It came out of her mouth sounding dumb, and that was everything Julie felt in the company of her brilliantly beautiful friend and two boys who would probably do better with Kim and a carbon copy instead of Kim and Julie in all her average splendor. She swallowed as Pete dragged his ear to his lips and let out a whisper.
“Bet you’ll have to beat all those offers back with a stick.”
He really was sweet.
They kept walking until they happened upon a clearing. Julie was relieved to find a slab of stone that could serve as a seat, and she got off her feet at the first chance. Matt and Kim kept going. Julie would have been abandoned if Pete had failed to select the other piece of stone at her side. He offered her a swig from his Dasani. With the sweating bottle just inches from her hands, she took it gratefully and let the cool, clear liquid drizzle down her throat. When she could take no more into her mouth, she handed the bottle back to Pete and flecked the threat of drool from the corners of her mouth.
“Guess you needed that.”
Julie nodded at Pete and licked her lips clean of the bottle’s kiss. He sipped from the same neck without wiping the edge clean, and Julie thought it was kind of nice that he didn’t discard her taste. 
“So what’s your deal?” he asked
Where to start? Julie had never been one to give her whole story blindly, but something in Pete’s eyes made her believe that he was safe. So she told him of her only child existence and the father that had treasured her before being snatched away. Her mother’s second marriage came out as a fragment, and she talked endlessly of her recently abandoned studies. While Kim gravitated towards the law, Julie went for something more benign. 
“Hotel and restaurant management?” Pete asked. 
Julie nodded and described a life spent attending to the wishes of endless streams of guests far from their homes. It was a practical field that vaguely suggested a healthy income along with the chance to stand alone. She wanted, she needed that. Sweet as Greg was, if she stayed under his thumb indefinitely, it was one more way for her mother to suffocate her into submission. It was better to take a stab at self-sufficiency and earn a keep on her terms.
Pete listened carefully and allowed a pause to sink into the space following her speech. Someone like him probably thought she was pathetic for an aspiration that only meant seeing to others’ needs while simultaneously sacrificing any and all of hers.
“So like you want to serve people?”
There it was. Julie had studied and strived to reach a point where she was destined to scrape boots.
“I guess,” she whispered. Pete pressed his fingers under her chin and lifted her face to his. Under the light of the sun, he sparkled as he nudged her ribs.
“Make things beautiful? As only you can?”
So maybe he didn’t think of it as a compromise. Beautiful? Absolutely. She couldn’t and didn’t want to be Kim, who stared down a future of regurgitating lies for the guilty. Julie was about the innocent and their pleasures. And she could see to that, it would translate into enjoyable stays that would linger in the memory and beckon a return at the first shot.
“Yes. As only I can.”
Julie was growing more confident in her abilities and her response. Pete took her hand again. She liked the feel of his fingers as they pressed but never dug into her palm. Sure but gentle. Forget the needs of the nameless. This was for her.
“I think you’ll be a natural,” Pete said.
Julie kept his hand in hers as she asked her next question.
“At what?”
“Serving people. Showing them a good time. A natural.”
Pete gave her hand a quick squeeze before he looked into the distance which promised a reunion with the others. Julie didn’t care if they ever found them. At that second, she just wanted to hang back with Pete.
“Really?”
He smiled at her warmly as he stood.
“Absolutely. I’ll stay where you slave, Julie”
It was a strange kind of a compliment, but she took his extended hand and followed his lead.
“If you’ll have me.”
This was unexpected and exciting. If she’d have him? Julie had pictured her first time so many times. It was always in a bed surrounded by dim lights. Pressed among trees? With no cover from the sun? It wasn’t her first choice, but maybe this was how it would happen.
They found Matt and Kim sitting in tall grass with cracked cans. Kim smiled when she saw Julie and signaled for her to join the party. Before she could accept or object, Pete sat her with the others and handed her a can of Michelob. Once again Julie was thirsty, and she took the beer swiftly and drank it down. The bubbles were thick as they slid across her tongue with a burst of flavor. She swallowed all of the beer and helped herself to another. Today there seemed no harm in getting a little buzzed. 
“So you just dumped him?” 
Kim would tell her life story to anyone with ears, and they were obviously on the subject of Brian. Matt seemed intrigued by what was basically a cold-hearted gesture on Kim’s part while gaging his chances for a longer term. Julie sensed it and shot Pete a quick glance. He just kept smiling at her.
“Like you’re disappointed?” Kim asked.
He shook his head and laughed as she took Matt’s mouth to hers.  Julie wondered what Pete would taste like, and as she sipped her beer, she considered testing her theory. But it wasn’t her. Julie couldn’t just slip her tongue down the throat of a boy who was essentially a stranger.
“So where you girls from?” Pete asked.
Of course, maybe if she got to know him a little better…
“Jersey,” Julie answered.
“Really.”
“Born and bred,” Kim said as she snuggled against Matt’s chest and kept drinking. “But it’s like almost New York. We’re like a half hour from Manhattan.”
“Is that a fact?” Matt asked.
“Yup. Just hop on a train, and there you are.”
Pete laughed as he took another drink.
“So best of both worlds, huh?”
Julie smiled in agreement. It was an apt observation, and she was reminded of her father. He always spoke of front yards and main streets like they were on par with paradise, but he also celebrated the closeness of so much culture and avenues of entertainment at his family’s fingertips.
Pete was growing more and more attractive with each word.
“What about you guys?
Pete yielded the floor to his friend.
“We’re from… Florida,” Matt said. Julie thought she caught a hint of him searching for the answer that should come as naturally as air, but she quickly chalked it up to the beer and the buzz and Kim’s fingers dancing across his thigh.
“Wow. Lot of road in between there and here. Guess they got a head start, right, Jules?”
“I guess.”
Matt reached into his pocket and retrieved a pack of cigarettes.
“Don’t worry. You’ll catch up quick.”
Kim was quick to accept his offer of a smoke, but Julie declined. Pete also refused, and Julie was grateful that she wasn’t the odd girl out in this impromptu party. 
“So here we are,” Matt started. “Graduated, miles from home.”
“Hey, we’re not so far gone, and we can turn back any time,” Kim teased.
“Is that a threat?”
“Of course not. Simple observation.”
“But you girls are just getting started. Don’t you want to see where the day takes you?”
“Oh absolutely.”
More beers were opened, and Julie figured she’d soon see the emptied cans tossed aside to litter the landscape until some cleanup crew of convicts or girl scouts took to removing the remnants of this unanticipated detour. To her surprise, Matt defied expectation and returned the empties to his cooler. She wouldn’t have colored him green, but it was a reminder that she couldn’t take everything and everyone at face value.
“So what about you?” Pete asked her.
Julie was shaken from her reverie by Pete’s question.
“What about me?”
“You break some hearts before hitting the road?”
“Me? No. No not me.”
Kim exhaled a stream of smoke along with a burst of laughter.
“Jules is a little behind the curve when it comes to that.”
Why did she have to say that?
“Stop it, Kim.”
“Just saying, Jules.”
She had to be getting drunk. Or else she just wanted to stake her claim as the easy one of the pair. Maybe she thought it would get her a chance with both boys. It wasn’t like she wouldn’t know how to handle it. There were moments when Julie wondered if Kim just kept her around to feel better about herself. It was apparent to anyone with eyes that she had the looks, the red hair, the big blue eyes, the legs that went on for miles. Julie always told herself that she could hold her own even with brown hair and less makeup. But all Kim had to do was throw it out there that Julie wouldn’t know what to do with a man between her legs, and she was instantaneously the more desirable of the two.
This was one of those moments. 
Pete waved Kim’s smoke from his eyes and steadied his gaze on her laughing face.
“Guess she’s a little more discerning.”
It was a dig at Kim and also at Matt. His buddy laughed it off with another drink, but Kim was stymied where she sat and snuffed out her cigarette. Julie raised an eyebrow at her friend, and Kim let the matter drop.
They kept talking, kept drinking, and soon Julie wasn’t mad at Kim or thinking of her mother or what she’d do when the trip was over. It was just nice sitting among nature with two hot guys, especially when the gentler one seemed sweet on her. But as the sun started to sink into the ground, she sobered up some and glanced over her shoulder. The way back wasn’t far, but Julie thought it wise to start moving before they lacked the light to guide their way.
Julie started to stand. With nothing to steady her but the air, her legs were wobbly, and Pete leapt up to stop her from falling back to the earth. 
“Hey. Watch yourself there.”
“I will. Thanks.”
Her eyes traced down the path to the diner’s lot and their car. It suddenly seemed a long way to walk, and she doubted her ability to take the necessary steps in her current state.
Matt closed the cooler and helped Kim to her feet.
“Am I the only one who doesn’t want to take that hike again?”
Kim quickly shook her head no. 
“Same here. But it’s all good.”
Julie’s head was swimming as she tried to follow his train of thought. She watched him exchange a look with Pete that morphed into a small wink, and she wondered what it meant.
“Right, guy?” Matt asked.
Pete smiled as he brushed the dirt from his jeans.
“If… if you want. We kind of got a place while we’re staying in town. It’s… it’s like not far. Maybe we should just crash for there for the night.”
“Awesome!” Kim said. “I’m game. Jules?”
Julie was slow to answer. The promise of a bed after just a few more steps was appealing, but the boys were still strangers. Sure Pete was nice, Julie was not too far gone as to trust them entirely.
At the very least, she should check in with her mother.
She took her cell out of her purse and saw that the battery had died to the point where the phone went into automatic hibernation mode. A rush of breath passed through Julie’s lips in a shuddering wave, but Pete stilled her with an arm around her tense shoulders.
“You… you can charge it at our place. And then you’ll be able to call anyone.”
Kim was already looking at her phone.
“Sounds good. I’m out of juice, too.”
She took Matt’s arm, but Julie grabbed her friend’s hand and pulled her away from her potential conquest.
“Jules?”
The boys swept the space where they had sat. It was almost as if they were trying to make it like they’d never stopped to enjoy the alcohol and the scenery. Julie clasped Kim’s hand tightly and lowered her voice to a whisper.
“Kim? I’m… I’m not sure about this.”
“I know. Kind of crazy!”
Thank God. She was on the same doubtful page and questioning the wisdom of moving farther off their intended course with these boys. White knights? Sure. But beyond their names and Florida and the fact that Matt still resented an econ professor who rode every student harder than seemed humanly possible, they really didn’t know anything about them.
“Okay. So if we start back now---”
Kim scoffed.
“Start back. Are you insane, Jules? I want to keep partying.”
Keep partying! Kim had to be smarter than this. Did she really trust them enough to spend an entire night in their company when no one knew where they were?
“Kim, I just think---”
“And I think you need to loosen up. Come on, Jules. They’re cool. They’ve been like perfect gentleman. Hope that changes when we get to their place.”
Julie sank back to the ground and ran through a list of why they should just say no despite the show of chivalry. Kim got on her knees and grabbed her friend’s shoulders.
“Jules, we wanted an adventure. An experience. Now are you gonna do this or are we gonna spend every moment second-guessing?”
She had a point. This trip was supposed to be about Julie throwing caution to the wind and exploring every corner of the earth that wasn’t already earmarked. It was so easy for Kim. She was bold and brave. Julie only existed in such a state when dreaming, and the beer aside, she was wide awake.
So maybe it was time…
“Jules, it’ll be fun. I won’t let anything happen to you.”
This was the other side of Kim. She could make Julie feel like she was less than anything in one instant, but a few drinks later and faced with Julie’s evident fears turned her into a mama bear who’d see her cub through any long, dark night.
Julie should be as brave.
“Okay, Kim.”
Kim helped her up and they returned to the boys. Their combined efforts totally eradicated any trace of the first party, and Matt’s eyes were already looking ahead to something better once they reached his mystical place just beyond the trees. Kim tousled Julie’s hair and set off on Matt’s arm. She was left with Pete, and he eased his arm around her waist.
“You okay?” he asked.
“I… I don’t know.”
He started to lead her deeper into the woods.
“Don’t worry. You will be.”
They moved until they met their destination. A cabin. It was two stories of brown logs and gray, slanted roofs, landscaped with rose bushes and lilacs. A babbling brook bubbled happily at the end of a cobblestone path. Julie thought it picturesque in the first rays of moonlight. In her mind she repeated the belief that nothing bad was going to transpire within the cabin’s walls.
The décor was indeed rustic. It was the kind of clutter, artfully done, where everything and anything had its proper place. Whoever owned the place full time were obviously avian enthusiasts. The knick knacks were carved canaries, ceramic bluebirds, and pictures of parrots. It seemed safe enough.
“Let’s get some tunes up in here!” Matt said.
He cranked the stereo system up to full volume and danced to Kim who was already moving to the music. She kicked off her sandals and started to grind against Matt. He held her close to him as he pried open a small silver box atop the cold mantle. Dangling a joint before Kim’s hungry eyes, she nodded her approval, and Matt lit up as he took a hit. He pressed the joint to Kim’s lips, and she inhaled deeply. 
Julie had tried it. She didn’t like it. She didn’t like the way it made her feel like she was walking through a tunnel of mud, and it had the effect of making her fear her own shadow.
She didn’t need any more help on that front.
Pete sank to the sofa, and Julie needed to get off her feet. She sat at his side and ran her fingers through her hair.
“Not your thing?” he asked.
She shook her head, and Pete curled his hands behind his head.
“Me neither,” he said. “More for them I guess.”
 Kim and Matt finished the joint, and he started to lead her out of the room.
“Let’s see what you got under there,” he said as he played with the bottom of her blouse.
“Think you can handle it?” Kim challenged.
“I’m pretty sure.”
They left Julie with Pete. He was nice, but she imagined him frustrated with the hand that he had been dealt. His pal got the uninhibited sex goddess, and he was left with the scraps. Julie hated her hang-ups, and she thought of playing the part of Kim right here even though her inexperience meant that she’d be nothing more than understudy hopelessly aping the leading lady. 
Pete held her face in his hands and smiled down at her.
“And what should we do?”
They should, she should show him the good time he was missing out on. Julie’s gaze lingered on his eyes, and she again she wanted to know his taste. Their mouths met in a soft kiss, and she felt his arms surrounding her. She could do this. Really she could. His hand moved up her shirt, and she felt it on her breast. He started to unlatch her bra when Julie backed away from his touch and folded her arms around her.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I don’t know what to do.”
He regarded her curiously, and Julie searched his face for some hope. She knew he’d have to be disappointed, but she wanted him to understand.
“It’s okay, Julie.”
“No it’s not.”
She got to her feet and paced the room. Her buzz was still intense enough to keep her from getting very far, and she steadied her stance with hands on a table meant for meals. She pushed her hair from her face and saw Pete. He was still sitting, waiting for her to say something else. Julie had no more words, and she slumped to the floor. The effect of the alcohol was nothing in comparison to her lack of artistry. She could already hear Kim moaning her pleasure from the unseen room.
“Julie?”
Pete started towards her, and Julie automatically turned her head away from his hand. She wanted to explore his mouth. And other parts. But it wasn’t supposed to be like this. It was always supposed to be with someone she knew inside and out, someone she trusted with her life, someone she knew would never hurt her. That boy, that man would take her slowly, and not on the floor of a foreign cabin. He would lead her into a room that was already familiar and make it a home in every sense of the word.
“Julie?”
Pete stroked her hair and pressed his brow to hers.
“I got that you… that you haven’t… you know.”
Kim had revealed the secret to the boys. Even as she hoped that that the truth of her statement might be attributed to one more part of a drunken fog, it reared its head again as she sadly closed her eyes.
Pete’s hand found her neck.
“And that’s okay. Really. Your first time should be more special than me.”
She scanned his face and believed him. He wasn’t going to make her do anything she wasn’t ready for. He was too nice for that. Kim’s continued moans aside, Julie had got the better partner, and she touched his hand at the realization.
“Thanks, Pete. I mean that.”
He slid back and splayed his finger against the hardwood floor. 
“So do I.”
Julie barely had time to blink as his hand formed a fist and smashed into her face. 
Then everything went black.
4
Pete.
Pete was kind and awkward and gentle when Julie needed it most. He had held her hand and made her feel like she was the golden girl even as Matt reached new heights with Kim underneath. He liked her. It was more than she had bargained for.
And so was this.
Julie turned on her side and tried to bring her hand to her eyes. She was just at her shoulder when she realized she couldn’t go any further. As she struggled to sit up, she realized that her wrist was cuffed by a metal bracelet that extended to a chain. She blinked at the realization and forced her eyes wider at the sight of the metal links dangling from the space just below her hand until they met a bolt in the wall. She tugged once, and found nothing but limitations. Hard as it was, she leaned forward and found the place where the business end of the binding met the wall. As hard as she pulled, there was so separating the chain from the wall. Julie was panicked, and she started to stand in the hope that her feet would succeed where her wrist had failed.
She was just up and staring to move when a vicious tug that she couldn’t see or comprehend sent her back down. Julie’s face was buried in a filthy mattress reeking of urine. She lifted her head from the vile stench and reached down her legs. Her right ankle was also shackled, and Julie clawed at the restraint. She could see a padlock touching her toes, but she still tried to free herself even as she knew there was no escape without the key.
Where was Kim? Was she in a nearby room, similarly bound? Julie’s mind returned to the moment she considered escape, and she shook at the thought that she had missed the chance of returning to the parking lot and the safety of Kim’s old Camry. It was only a question of being braver or more insistent. But Julie had been swayed by Kim’s suggestion of fun. There was no fun now. Only chains.
“Kim?”
She called out for her again and again. Let this just be a game. Let Kim be having a fabulous time while she was out of the loop. Kim would reappear, she just had to, and she would assure Julie that this was just another effort to loosen her up. She’d be loose. She would do whatever was required.
She just wanted to get out.
Out was easier said than done. She managed to stand up to where she could just make out windows. They were too high to open, but Julie still stood on tiptoe at the promise of a latch. If she could just get her fingers around it, she would turn it fast and force the pane open until the night air rushed into her lungs.
The night.
But was it the same night that had brought her to this place of captivity? How long had she been out? It felt like days even as she thought she recognized the space of the stars so far beyond her reach. 
Pete.
He had seemed so sweet and a perfect match for her as his friend turned his attention to Kim. Matt was all Kim wanted. Matt and a good time. Was she having one now? Julie hoped. The alternative was something that was unimaginable. Julie slipped to the cold ground and furiously scraped at the chains that kept her from reaching the windows and flagging down a helping hand. Forget their smiles. Forget the supposed kindnesses. 
This was bad.
The sound of a door opening pressed Julie and her bonds deeper into the concrete. She had to turn her head at the shock of light, and she heard footsteps nearing the spot where she trembled. Julie looked up to see Pete smirking down at her. 
Julie had to say something.
“What the hell is this? Where’s Kim?”
Pete laughed as he ran his hands through his sandy hair then moved to touch her. Julie scrambled away from his hands and met the wall. She had to keep a clear head if she was going to get out of this.
“What was that?” he asked.
Julie wanted to get out. She wanted to find Kim and move down the path, even if it was cloaked in darkness, in the hope that they would just get back to the Camry and speed off into the night. But Pete’s eyes were suggesting other things, things that Julie couldn’t bear to contemplate. She stated to speak again when he drew his hand back and rammed another fist into her face.
“Please! Please don’t hit me. I’m sorry. I’m sorry”
And she was. She was sorry that she’d ignored the first signs of trouble. Every worry her mother had tried to slam into her now echoed through her brain. This was far worse than the car simply stalling on a lonely road or getting so turned about that they feared finding their way back. Either of those fates had eventual fixes. Not this. This was a smiling stranger whom she knew next to nothing about, and she had just been so stupid. The walk, the beer, the cabin.
All along it was a trap. 
“You’re sorry,” he scoffed. “Fucking cherry.”
“Please---”
He slapped her face, and Julie wrapped her arms around her shaking body. 
“No better than a cock tease. Not my scene.”
He leaned close to her face, and Julie could smell the weed wafting off his breath. So he smoked after all. There were probably many other things he could and would do if given the opportunity, and now he seemed to have it. Julie blinked back tears and weakly pulled at the binding around her wrist.
“I’d save my strength if I were you, but hey. Your goddamned funeral.”
He reached into his pocket. Julie flinched and expected a knife or a gun. Pete produced a lighter and a pack of smokes. He lit up, inhaled deeply, and blew the smoke in her face. With her eyes stinging, Julie turned away with a cough.
“I’d offer you one, but you don’t do this kind of thing, right?”
He grabbed her hair and lifted her to a standing position. Julie started to scream, and Pete silenced her with his tongue in her mouth. She tried to wriggle away from his cruel kiss. He pulled her head closer to his and kept suffocating her with his rank breath. Julie didn’t see him push his cigarette into her arm, but when she felt the burn, her thrashing intensified. He finally pushed her away, and Julie was back on the ground, grimacing in anguish as she clutched her injured arm. 
This was what he really tasted like, and Julie fought the urge to vomit
“It’s just a little secondhand smoke, Jules. Don’t freak out about it.”
The sound of Kim’s name for her coming out of his mouth seared her with the same force of the cigarette. She glared up at him through her hair and sobbed uncontrollably. Pete regarded her coldly as he continued to smoke. When he was done, he flicked the cigarette at her. Julie backed deeper into the wall as it landed just inches from her bare feet.
Bare feet.
For the first time since regaining consciousness on a night whose date remained a mystery, she realized that she had been robbed of her sneakers. It occurred to her that the theft was meant to slow her down should she find her way back into the shadows of the trees and their promise of escape. But just that gave her the slim hope that she could get away if given the right moment.
Julie pushed her hair out of face, away from her sweat and her tears. She knew she had to try to get a handle on the situation.
“What’s happening? Why… why are you---?”
His foot crashed against her abdomen, and Julie found it even more difficult to breath. She curled into a fetal position and folded her arms around her vulnerable frame as she tried to crawl as far as the chains would allow. It wasn’t the escape she longed for most, but she had to put some distance between her aching body and the threat of further blows.
“Don’t you fucking move, cunt.”
Julie obeyed and lingered in the space between the cold floor and the soiled mattress.
“And don’t speak unless you’re spoken to. You got that?”
She was too terrified to make another move. Pete stomped his foot on the floor.
“What? You forget how to nod?”
Even in her fear, Julie could sense what he was trying to do. He was giving orders followed by contradictory demands that were intended to make her even more confused. She nodded weakly, and Pete let out a loud laugh.
“That’s a good girl.”
And then his harsh tone switched into something reminiscent of his former voice, but now it was just revealed as one more part of the game he had played. The sweet, shy boy was a con. 
The monster was real.
Pete retrieved a chair from a gloomy corner and placed it near Julie’s head. He sat down and leaned against his thighs.
“Get on your knees, bitch.”
Julie hurt all over, but she followed his commands and kept her eyes on his feet.
“Look at me.”
Again she did as he was told. He lit another cigarette, and Julie felt the smoke drifting through her hair.
“So you want to be in the service industry. That’s the plan, right?”
Not now. At this moment, all plans stopped and started with a way to free herself from her chains and run despite her bare feet until she was free of this awful fright.
“Answer me!”
Before he could hit her again, Julie nodded and managed to say yes.
“Right. All those interviews. Frustrating when nothing comes of them. Well, you don’t have to worry about that anymore. Consider yourself employed, Jules! The pay’s not great, but you’ll have a roof over your head. Fair trade, no?”
Julie couldn’t comprehend what he was alluding to, but it promised to be something so harsh that it would rival her present state of confinement. 
“Pete---”
He raised his hand to hit her again. Julie begged him no, and he brought his hand down on her hair. Twirling a lock around his finger, Julie tried to shrug him off, and he gave her hair a hard tug.
“It’s Sir now, Jules. Think you can remember that?”
Addressing him politely was the last thing she wanted, but she murmured the show of respect. Pete chuckled and patted her head.
“Nice. I like how that sounds. Get used to it. You call all your customers Sir from here on out.” 
Customers? 
“And you better learn fast, cherry. They pay big bucks for a good time.”
There were the stories. Everyone knew them. Girls taken and forced to fulfill the most deviant desires for the most preserve patrons. Some were found, forever scarred by forced acts that were too horrible to repeat. Others never made their way back home. Julie’s blood ran cold at the thought of both possibilities, and her tears flowed more freely as Pete left the chair and join her on his knees. He wound his arm around her shoulders. She tried to shy away from his touch, but he held her fast and pressed his lips to her ear.
“I’d show you right here, right now, but we got some guys waiting. They’re paying extra for the chance to bust you wide open. And like I said, not my scene. So maybe I’ll take my taste after they’ve had a turn.”
This couldn’t be happening. Not too her. Julie started to give over to despair at the thought that something sacred, something she’d been saving for someone who would take her slowly, tenderly, was about to be ripped from her grasp in the most vicious manner. Pictures of her body, stripped and violated, repeatedly, achieved a horrible clarity, and she tried to push them away. When Pete reached under her shirt and pinched her breasts, previewing the abuse, she cried out and shoved him away from her. She moved as far she could from his hands, but Pete grabbed her ankles and twisted her onto her back. He hit her face, her stomach, but Julie kept fighting.
“Let me go!”
“Feisty! I didn’t expect that, but I like!”
Julie hissed and spit at him as he hovered over her tear-stained face. He prepared to land another blow when she had a thought of deliverance, and she spoke without Sir’s permission.
“You can’t do this!”
“Can’t I?”
“People---”
“What people?”
“At the diner! People saw us. With you. Our car is still there. They’ll look for us. They’ll---”
He silenced her with another slap. Then another. And another. Julie didn’t speak and tried to protect her head with her hands. Pete stopped hitting her and pulled her up by her shoulders.
“Look at me.”
She wanted to see anything but him, but Julie did as she was told.
“Car’s gone, idiot. No trace of it.”
Julie tried to think of a moment when he would have given the order to erase the best clue to where they had stopped. Probably after he knocked her out. Or maybe before? But it didn’t matter. Without the car to go on, it would be harder to connect them to the diner, to the boys who had come to their rescue…
And if anyone did remember that they had seen them, it would make more sense to take a long hard look at the scary guy who made the unwelcome pass. Moment by moment, things felt more and more hopeless.
Pete stepped away from Julie and undid her chains. She was relieved to be unfettered, but the feeling disappeared as her arms were tied behind her back with a length of rope. Pete started to walk her from the room. As soon as he opened the door, Julie saw a steep staircase.
“Let’s check in on your girlfriend, huh?”
He led her up the steps, and Julie swiftly realized that she was still in the cabin. The pictures and statues of birds that had suggested the quaintest of settings passed by her eyes like vultures, and Julie felt like their future prey. 
But they were still in the cabin.
She tried to calm down. Okay. So even without the car, they weren’t that far from civilization and aid. If she could just get outside, even in the dark, she could retrace her steps and…
Pete opened another door, and any idea of running was replaced by the sight of her best friend. Like Julie, she was bloodied, but her clothing was torn, and Julie retched at the realization of what had been done to her.  
“Kim! Kim, no!”
She tried to run to her shaking friend. Kim looked up at the sound of Julie’s voice and instinctively reached for her. Pete’s hands prevented her from taking more than one step, and the girls’ eyes met in hopeless horror.
“Jules?” Kim feebly whispered. 
For the transgression of speaking when not addressed, Matt pulled her off the bed and shoved his fist into her stomach. With a tortured cry, Kim fell back the bed. Weeping, she crawled towards the pillows. Matt spit on her battered body then turned his vile intentions to Julie. She didn’t move as he approached her slowly, but she kept her eyes locked on his punishing stare. 
“Welcome to the party,” Matt said through a leer. He placed his fingers under her chin. Julie trembled at the thought of his palm flattening and striking her where she stood. The smack didn’t come, and he grabbed her face and kissed her. His lips weren’t as brutal as Pete’s, but she didn’t want either of them invading any part of her. It was all too apparent that it was a futile wish, and Julie closed her eyes and prayed for this to be a nightmare. Let her wake up beside Kim in the Camry. They would be miles from the diner with nothing to hold them back. Or let her just be home. Her mother’s face appeared in her mind, but it was rapidly replaced by an image of her father. Could he see what was happening from his own private corner of eternity? What he saw had to sicken him, but Julie wanted him to turn angel and somehow save her from this night.
Matt’s lips left hers, and he stroked her cheek with a single finger.
“You’re friend’s sweet. Real sweet. Think you can measure up, Jules?”
From the bed, Kim was still groaning in pain. Julie didn’t need to hear her whimpers or see her ravaged body to know what lay in store. No one knew where they were, no one was coming to their rescue…
And angels had no power in the devil’s house.
5
Julie waited for the hands that would tear her clothing from her body. Matt pressed his palm down her pants and fingered her roughly.
“Careful, Dude. Cherry’s not busted yet. We need to save it for the paying customers.”
Crazy as it was, she was relieved at the suggestion of a new violation as it led Matt’s hands from her pants. Despite her bonds and Pete’s hands on her arms, Julie relaxed slightly. But just for a second. Matt was soon lifting Kim in her shredded attire from the bed, and he dropped the bruised girl at Julie’s trembling feet. She looked down at her friend, and their eyes met in a shared state of fear. Julie wanted to hold Kim. She wanted to break free of the bonds and take her friend from this horrible place, but the ropes prevented her from making the desired move. All she could do was look at Kim and try to convince her that they would get away at the first chance, whenever that might be. For now, she just gave a faint nod. It was a meager effort to show Kim that they were still okay. And it was a lie in the face of what had happened to Kim and what would soon happen to Julie. As vile as what had transpired while Julie was shackled below, she feared similar treatment, or worse, once they left this place to meet the point where men’s passions transformed into brutality. Unless she could escape, Julie knew that she was condemned to the former instead of the gentler parts of the latter.
No. They had to get away.
“Let’s clear these cunts out!”
Matt took charge. Even though Julie knew that Pete could be just as vicious if given the chance, he played at being resigned when confronted with Matt’s demands. She felt him drag her from the room, and Matt did the same except he pulled Kim by her hair as they passed through the main room with its threatening birds. Julie struggled as Pete pushed, but she stopped moving as Matt dropped Kim to the floor and unlocked the door. Julie steeled herself for the promise of flight. But it couldn’t be right away. That was too obvious. Julie had to wait for the perfect moment. As she gazed up at the stars and thought of her father again, it suddenly seemed a possibility. Distant to be sure, but Julie resolved to seize it at the first chance.
No Camry. No pickup. In their place was a gray van. Julie remembered other clichés from classes spent overlooking quiet parking lots. Whenever a van of this sort came into view, there was always the cry that it was a rape mobile, tricked out 70s style, and Julie remembered Kim and the other girls registering a small sense of disappointment when the driver was revealed to be nothing more than an old man with whiskers who had yet to update his ride as the times changed. 
Would that they could think that now.
Matt slid the back door open, and he tossed Kim, limp, into the back of the vehicle as if she was sack of laundry in need of a wash. Before he made the final push, he reached into his pockets and cuffed her hands with shiny metal.
Kim had to feel dirty as she was thrown into the darkest corner against the aluminum siding. Julie gritted her teeth at the sound of the impact but had not a second to struggle further as Pete pushed her into the darkness that had consumed her friend. Despite her bound hands, Julie managed to look over her shoulder as the doors slid shut, and she heard silence as the boys made their way back to the cabin. Julie figured that they were back in clean-up mode, and she clung to the minutes that such a task would take to turn her head back to her friend.
“Kim! Kim, look at me.”
She hated that it had to come out as one more order, but time was of the essence. Kim did not comply, and Julie had no choice but to guide her friend’s face to hers with a bare foot.
“Kim!”
Kim shuddered at the press of her friend’s foot, but when she saw that it was attached to Julie, she calmed, and her bitter tears transformed into softer weeping laced with confused remorse.
“Julie?”
Not Jules. The sacrifice of the nickname simply underlined the severity of the situation. Julie could feel complete surrender nearing the place where she lay, and she knew that she needed Kim at full capacity it they were to make their way from the van and head back to the lot. The Camry was gone, but Grandma might still be present.
Kim kept crying as Julie tried to make her understand that they had to form a plan. It was a losing battle. As much as it killed her, Julie turned her back and hit Kim hard. Her best friend shrank back further and cried at the blow. Julie sought to explain herself immediately, and she folded her bound form over Kim’s body, and she was able to place a tied hand to the girl’s face.
“I’m sorry, Kim. But we have to talk.”
Through her shaking fingers, Kim nodded, and Julie sighed as she sat away from her friend. She worked at her bonds as she kept her eyes on Kim’s and kept talking while there was still time.
“What happened?” Julie asked.
She knew the bare bones of the matter, but the details could prove useful as Julie kept trying to free herself from a similar fate.
“We were just partying,” Kim sobbed.
Sure they were. It had to seem innocent enough. As innocent as degradation could be.
Keep talking, Kim.
Julie nodded her head as she continued using her fingernails in an effort to separate the rope from her wrists.
“And then what?” Julie asked.
Kim hung her head. The key to her chains was out in the night with the boys, but she had to just focus on the rope as she implored Kim to tell more of her story.
 “Then what?” Julie asked.
Kim was suddenly lost in a memory, and it was more than apparent that she had no desire to relive any of it. Julie understood the fear and the promise of pain, and if they were already out on the other side of this, she would allow Kim the time to simply ruminate on the horror and keep the reality close to the vest until she was really and truly ready to speak of the events in the cabin. But right now was not on their side. Soon enough, the boys would return to the van, shift the prison on wheels into drive, and there was no clue as to where they would end up when they made that move. Julie kept twisting her wrists as she nodded for Kim to provide more details.
“He… he got a little rough,” Kim started. Her eyes clouded over, and Julie felt that Matt was so like his friend that they were brothers in some sense. Matt had gone out of his way to rival Kim’s second of pleasure with his own need to control her and bring distress to the fore. She could see Kim’s bruises, the blood. Matt had gotten more than rough.
“What did he tell you?” Julie asked.
Kim twisted her head and rested it on her shoulder. She was naked from the waist down, and the vestiges of her camisole were the only thing providing some small sense of privacy. Julie watched Kim’s eyes water anew in the face of Julie’s question. Why press the matter? The horrible story relayed to Julie had to have been repeated in similar shades courtesy of Matt’s hands. But she kept pressing her friend for a confession. She wanted to learn more. 
“Kim?”
Finally, their eyes met again.
“He… he said I belonged to him. He… said he has… clients… that… that they’re going to… to pay. He said… he said ‘let me give you a preview.’”
Julie choked on a whimper, and for a second, she felt her entire being conceding to the predicament. There was no silver lining in Kim’s version of events, and her recollection simply seemed to seal their doom. Julie banged her head against the walls of the van. She wanted to wake up. Or to die. Either state was preferable to what was coming.
Then she thought of her father again.
This time, he wasn’t a fantastical savior with the power to descend from white clouds and spirit her from the grip of the lying pair. No. The thing that hit her brain now was the way he had been taken from her. It was awful and sudden, and she always told herself that it had to be that one moment of defining misery that would shape the rest of her days. She had endured it. And survived it. So this wouldn’t be as bad. It just couldn’t be.
Julie had to hold onto that belief.
She shifted towards Kim again.
“Listen to me,” she started. “I’m going… I’m turning around. You need to untie me. Okay?”
Kim kept crying as she turned her head away from Julie’s rapid breaths.
“You need to listen to me, Kimmy!”
Julie wasn’t so far gone as to abandon another term of endearment. The sound of the nickname roused Kim from her miserable stupor, and she was able to focus on her friend.
“Jules?”
Julie sighed. The return of her own nickname was something, and she lowered her head on Kim’s shoulder. Holding her would be preferable, but at the moment it was impossible. She could still be close to her even as both pairs of arms were horribly bound.
“I’m turning, Kimmy. Okay?”
Kim nodded and Julie presented her wrists to her friend. Kim stayed in an immobile state for too many seconds, seconds that they did not have to spare, and Julie knocked the back of her head into Kim’s shoulder. She didn’t need to make another move to drive Kim, trembling, into action.
Kim started to pick at the rope. Julie relaxed against her friend’s efforts and forced her mind to the next step. Even untied, they would still be trapped in the back of the unmoving van. What to do with the chance once it came? Julie quickly decided that she would have to find a weapon. A quick scan of the darkened van initially promised little, but then she saw a lonely crowbar just a few feet away. Once untied, she knew that she had to grab it if she was ever going to get out.
“Good, Kimmy. Just untie me. I’ll do the rest.”
This wasn’t the way it had always been. Kim was usually the leader, and Julie had always followed. Momentary resentments aside, Julie had gravitated to the role of second banana. Kim always seemed better equipped to take charge, but now she was the one crying even as she tried to free her friend. Julie had to dig deep and claim control if they were going to make their way home.
“Come on, Kim.”
She continued trying to release Julie from her bonds. Julie’s heaving breaths rivaled the movement of Kim’s hands. They stayed like that, in work, in silence, until the sounds of the boys’ voices just outside the van froze them where they sat. Julie anticipated the backdoor of the van sliding open, and she could feel Kim on the verge of more tears as the moment never came. There was just their laughter, and it was soon accompanied by the sound of the front doors opening and closing as the boys climbed into their seats. Which one was at the wheel? After all that had happened, Julie knew Pete better, but it was just as easy to picture Matt in the driver’s seat. Maybe he was the one that took charge. After all, he gravitated to Kim. Then again, Pete had proved himself far more dangerous than Julie could have ever imagined. He wore the face of a kind boy to put her at ease, but Julie now knew that he was anything but. So maybe Pete was the wild card, the one that suppressed his true self in an effort to put the pair of potential captives at ease. If that’s what it was, Julie had to admit that she had been all too eager to accept the con. But maybe, on a subconscious level, she had also lied. Julie struck Pete, struck everyone, as the naïve innocent who wouldn’t have the slightest idea of what to do with a man if he presented himself. There was some truth in that, but Julie could also use the time it bought and the idea that she was a just a virgin for the taking to free herself, with Kim’s help, and bide her time until she had the chance to strike.
That thought stayed bright in her brain as the van started to move.
Julie was tossed from Kim’s side, and she braced her body for the next blow. She crashed into the opposing the wall of the van, and as she shook her head, determined to move past it, she realized that the crowbar was but inches from her hand. With a supreme effort, Julie stretched her fingers forward. It was so close, but catching hold of it remained impossible. Still, Julie kept reaching, and she felt that she was at the point where she nearly had it in her grip when the van made a sharp turn. Julie spun from where she sat, and once again her body was pressed to Kim’s. Julie coughed as Kim, out of instinct if nothing else, pressed her head to Julie’s shoulder and wept. Kim was terrified, but Julie could also sense her relief at the return of her friend, and she had to use that if they were going to get out.
“Kimmy? Here.”
Julie turned, and once again, Kim started to work at her bonds.
“Did they tell you where they were taking us?”
Probably not. They wouldn’t be that clumsy when they had come so far in so short a time. But Julie needed to keep Kim talking, keep her focused. When the moment of escape ultimately presented itself, Julie would need her friend.
They had to go together.
“Kimmy?”
She kept tugging at Julie’s rope.
“No. He just said that… that…” 
Kim’s voice trailed off, but Julie could taste the anguish in her silence. She needed Kim to be straight with her. Kim could no longer claim that she comprehended the entire score on the basis of her experience. She had done many things with many boys. At this moment, she probably wished that she had just stayed with Brian. Ordinary must now seem infinitely preferable to the promised mystery of two strangers encountered by chance in a diner. For a second, Julie had to wonder if the meeting could simply be attributed to the hand of chance. Was it possible that this was somehow fated by hands she wanted to know less than Pete’s? Julie drove the idea from her mind. It was too crazy.
“Kimmy?”
Their eyes met over Julie’s shoulders. She could see that Kim was in a place where she was questioning more than the trip and the stop at Eatonsburg’s Eats. Kim was working through every second of her life to this moment, and Julie could see the doubt in the red that colored her cheeks. Kim always wanted to be the center of attention, and more often than not, her wish was granted. Even on this day, Kim had attracted the special treatment of the leader of the small pack. Of course, Pete’s intentions, which had seemed weak and unsteady, were now also called into question, but Julie still clung to the self-deprecating notion that something else had been revealed to her friend. Something that she could use when the time was right.
“Kimmy?”
Kim left her friend’s skin, and she buried her face in a piece of burlap that had been discarded and forgotten. Was there something there that could save them? Julie didn’t spy another weapon, and her eyes drifted back to the crowbar. It was still their best shot to get away. If they were going to get away. Julie hated the sound of the word in her mind. If suggested that it might not happen. No. No they had to escape.
“Kimmy?”
As their eyes met, Julie saw her friend offering apologies with her eyes. She had assured Kim that nothing but fun would rear its head as they embarked upon their trip. And petty jealousies aside, Julie always trusted Kim. She seemed to know how to play everything and everyone. But this was something that Kim hadn’t counted on. Despite Julie’s somewhat successful attempt to take charge, Kim, even chained, obviously still doubted the chances of her friend having any kind of control when it came to their current situation. Julie observed all of this and more, but she resolved to be all that Kim didn’t entirely believe and just get them out.
The van hit a bump in the road. Julie felt her body leaving Kim’s side, but her hands were closer to the crowbar than ever. More than that, the rope had loosened on account of Kim’s hard work. Julie twisted the bindings form her wrists, and she clutched the would-be weapon. She had no way of knowing when the first chance would present itself, bit at least she had found a form of defense. Julie pressed it behind her back and returned to Kim’s side. She forced her eyes to convey the salvation that would present itself when Julie seized the right moment.
“What are you going to do, Julie,” Kim asked.
“I’m getting us out.”
Kim let out a small gasp. Even in the dark of the van, Julie saw her blue eyes glistening with fear.
“Oh, Julie. Julie, you can’t.”
It wasn’t like Kim to give up without a fight. But then again, this was a state of affairs unlike any either girl had ever faced.
“Kimmy---”
“Julie. Don’t you get it? They’re… they’re going to… they’re going to make us… oh, God! They’ll lock us up. They’ll hurt us. Everyone they… they offer us to is going to… oh, God, Julie. I don’t want to be here! I want… I want to go home! I want---”
Julie sat of on the crowbar and grabbed Kim by her neck. 
“Enough, Kim!”
“Julie---”
“Just stop talking!”
She remembered Pete’s order for her to stay silent unless addressed, and Matt had to have issued Kim a similar command. At that second, Julie hated herself for aping the boys driving them into the depths of hell, but running through the horror over and over again and simply becoming more terrified would be of no help. No. One of them had to fight through the fear and maintain something resembling a cool head. In every other moment of their friendship, that tactic would have come to Kim as naturally as breathing. But now the roles were reversed. 
Julie took a deep breath.
“Kimmy---”
Julie was about to offer an apology as the van ground to a halt. Reaching back, Julie grabbed the crowbar. She lifted it from the floor of the van and held it horizontal to her spine. Kim whimpered as they heard the sounds of doors opening and closing followed by the wicked laughter of their captors.
“Jules?”
“Just trust me, Kim.”
Her eyes were assailed by the pale light streaming from a darkened sky. Julie bit her lip, and Pete came into view. Just Pete. It was something. Matt was probably only a few feet away. Probably. But Julie needed to take this one step at a time, and dispatching one might give her a chance at the other.
“Enjoy the ride, ladies?” Pete asked as he stepped inside and started to crawl towards them. Julie inhaled deeply through her nose and gripped the crowbar tighter. One thing hadn’t changed since the party in the woods. Pete was still focused on her. 
Good. Keep your eyes on me, boy.
“Hope it wasn’t too bumpy,” he continued with a laugh.
Julie was on the edge of the chance she needed as Pete took her by the shoulder.
Now!
Swinging with all the strength she could summon, Julie swiped the crowbar against Pete’s neck. He yelped at the impact. Without another thought, she brought the metal down again on his back. Pete hissed and cursed. Julie got to her bare feet, and even though she had no protection below her ankles, she slammed the sole of her foot into his side.
“Julie!”
She looked back at Kim and saw her hopeful for the first time since their reunion in the cabin. Julie was able to smile, but then Kim held out her shackled wrist.
Okay. The key. 
Pete was moaning as Julie pressed the crowbar under his arm and began rifling through his pockets. There was a key that had obviously unlocked the van, but beyond that, nothing that she needed. Only spearmint gum, a bag of weed, and an orange lighter. Pete started to stir, and Julie whacked him again with the crowbar.
“You fucking bitch,” he groaned. 
If she gave him the chance to get back on his feet, Pete would make her pay for this act of defiance. Her eyes darted about the van, and she saw the rope that that had been bound about her wrists. She reached for it hungrily and pushed Pete to stomach. He winced as she moved him, and Julie secured his hands behind his back. Wielding the crowbar again, she touched Kim’s face.
“I’ll find the key.”
“Julie---”
“I can do it.”
She took the risk of leaving Kim behind and hoped that the separation would only last a matter of seconds. As she started to climb out of the van, she had visions of encountering Matt, lighting up again or taking a leek or in some state where she could take him by the surprise. The adrenaline was coursing through her veins, and she knew that she had the courage and the power to take him out, to find the key, to free Kim, and---
Julie was still high on the idea of breaking completely free when Matt reared his smiling face. Gasping at the sight of him, Julie got ready to swing when Matt caught her by her hair.
“No, Julie!”
Kim’s voice was the loudest thing she had ever heard, but it swiftly faded into nothingness as Matt rammed her onto her back. Julie started to protest when Matt smashed her into a new state of darkness.
For the second time in the same night, Julie awoke to find herself in a strange place. Again she was chained, but instead of the cold concrete of the cabin and the disgusting mattress, she found herself in plush surroundings of mauve cushions and dim lights. She tried to move her mouth only to find it secured by a piece of duct tape. She lifted her hand to tear it off, but it would only reach so far.
As much as she wanted to, there was no way to scream.
A chill ran across her body. Now Julie was missing more than her sneakers. She was lying in only her panties and a light tank. How much more would she lose before they were done with her?
With her head still reeling from Matt’s assault, she struggled to sit up and searched for Kim. No luck. Julie was completely alone. Not knowing where she was or how far the van had travelled caused her heart to flutter wildly in her chest. But this was different from the cabin. There Julie had essentially been told that she was property for pleasure, and there she had fallen to her knees, bowed her head, and hardly struggled. But something unexpected had given her the idea that she could fight back and get away. She recalled attacking Pete and felt that she had been so close to the desired point.
No. No it was too easy.
Why would they leave the crowbar? Why chain Kim and simply bind her with a weak piece of rope? As her mind retraced the events every which way, she repeatedly arrived at the same conclusion.
It had been a set-up. It was contrived to give her hope, and maybe they even wanted her to fight. Like they needed another excuse to hurt her. Julie closed her eyes, but she still felt a single tear trickle down her face.
This was a new kind of terror far more awful, if possible, than everything she had already felt. She felt so stupid. Julie played right into their hands, and now they had a reason to do more harm. She felt sick at the thought, and she forced down the vomit that threatened to leave her stomach and curl up her throat. The gag would forbid escape, and she would choke to death.
In spite of what she knew was going to happen, Julie wanted to live to find another way out. She had to. She had to survive.
With her eyes still closed, Julie heard a key in a door, and she picked her head up to see a figure in a darkened hallway. Even before it moved and hit the hazy light, she knew that it was Pete.
Julie’s blood ran cold.
“Up for Round Two, Tiger?”
He came into closer view, and at the sight of his smirk, Julie’s head fell back. She tried to calm her breathing as she felt Pete nearing her side. He fell to the floor. She expected a smack, but Pete simply stroked her face. It terrified more than any blow, and she was unable to stop her body from flinching as his fingers made contact with her flesh.
“You’ve been a bad girl, Jules. You know what happens to bad girls, Jules?”
A part of her wanted to know. She wanted to learn exactly what lay in store. If she was going to endure it, she needed time to prepare, to absorb all possibilities so that she could send her mind somewhere, anywhere, else.
Julie shook her head slightly. Pete said nothing else. His silence was worse. It led her down a path. At its end was every awful thing she could ever envision, and her mind could do nothing but circle around apprehension.
Maybe it would have been wiser to choke and die.
Pete leaned lower and licked her cheek. Julie tried to turn her head away from his tongue, but he caught her by the chin. His hand became a vise around her face. He lingered in her eyes for a few minutes and blew a stream of hot air into her eyes. Julie tried to blink it away, but Pete’s other hand suddenly pulled on the skin of her brow. She couldn’t move her head or her eyes. There was the beginning of a bruise on his neck. She wasn’t sorry that she hurt him, but she was devastated by the fact that it was all she had been able to do.  
The applied pressure brought forth more tears, and Pete finally made a sound.
He laughed.
With a rough push, Pete released Julie’s head. She twisted it away from Pete’s snickering grin, and she heard a jangling along with the rustling of fabric. She could feel the shackle leaving her wrist. Even though she was now free of her chains, even though the door was still open, Julie didn’t dare break into another run. It would come later. It had to. Once she ascertained where she was being held, once she understood the layout, then, only then…
She prayed for the chance. But first, she knew she was going to pay for her crimes.
Pete lifted her up. Out of a new instinct, she placed her hands behind her back. This time she expected handcuffs, not rope. Pete reached behind one of the cushions, and Julie heard the sound of metal. But instead of her hands, a cold collar was placed around her neck. Julie tried to shake it off, but she was too slow to stop the latch from clanging shut. Her eyes followed the space just above her chest, and she saw a length of chain in Pete’s hand. With a quick tug, he dragged Julie towards another room.
The hallway was darker than she had suspected. She tried to comprehend her surroundings, but Pete’s pull was so fast and so forceful that she could do little more than register one closed door after another. Julie stumbled behind Pete, and she fell to her knees when they stopped before one of the doors. He turned another key in another lock and pulled Julie up again. Then he pushed her into the room.
Kim.
She was tied down to a large bed. Matt sat in a corner, smoking and counting cash. Julie focused on him for barely a second. As much as she wanted to look away, her entire world was now Kim’s current fate.
There were two men, older than her captors. One was completely naked, straddling Kim, grinding his body into hers as Kim screamed out no and writhed in a futile effort to just get away. His friend wore a crisp linen shirt and a blue necktie. Below the waist, he was stripped, and he started driving his dick into Kim’s unwilling mouth. She choked and sputtered at the new assault. Then the girls’ eyes met. Kim looked scared, but Julie thought she also caught a slight trace of anger at Julie’s failure to make good on the promise of freedom.
Julie lowered her eyes in a sign of sorrowful apology. If only she had been calmer, played it smarter. She should have tried to break free once they were out of the van. She should have said no to the boys at the diner.
Now, it was too late for everything.
As the room was spinning, Pete’s arm curled around her waist.
“They wanted an appetizer, Jules. But get ready. You’re the main course.”
It was specific. It was all too real. She wanted to block it out. She wanted reach for the moment when the violation would come to an end. Where was it? She needed to find it, needed to hold onto it with all the strength she had left.
This was going to be the worst moment of hers or any life. Julie felt weak in the knees. The fear, the fatigue, the unfairness of it all swirled together. Julie tried to speak through her gag, tried to call for help, as she fell forward into a faint. 
6
Most people set alarms to help them wake up. Were it not for a buzz or a bell, a signal that they tapped over and over again in the hope of five more minutes, they slept until the body was fully rested. Once that point was reached, their eyes slowly opened, but they still lingered in bed for several moments more until the need to answer nature or calm a rumbling stomach or start hacking away at a list of errands forced the covers from their bodies. Then, and only then, did their bare feet hit the hardwood floor just beyond their beds.
Ethan Graff was not one of these people.
He was always tired. Who wouldn’t be after eight hours plus, not counting the subway back and forth? When he finally reached his stop, he picked up a sandwich or a pizza or something else ready-made, and climbed the stairs of his brownstone. He’d eat, watch some TV, read if he felt highly motivated, shower, then hit the sack. 
And then he’d lie in darkness staring up at the ceiling.
He tried everything. Low music, the television in his bedroom set at a low hum, half a bottle of Nyquil, an entire bottle of wine. The last two usually allowed him to drift off for a few hours, but he was always roused from his slumber, and it was back to the shadows of a gloomy room. When that happened, he’d pop in ear buds or turn the set up higher, but not so loud as to infuriate the yuppies and their baby just one floor up. Anything to drown out the sounds he most wanted to avoid, the sounds in his head. And he kept his eyes open. Closing them only served to link images to the recalled sounds, and it was more restful to just stare at the plaster overhead. His eyes usually drifted to the window, and he watched the black night start to pale. When he felt it was morning enough to chalk up his insomnia to just being an early riser, or when the baby upstairs started crying, he fell on either excuse and started his day.
He always showered a second time. There was no need for it. It wasn’t as if he tossed and turned until his sheets were covered in sweat. Still, there was something in the night that made him feel dirty, so he stood under the hot water and tried to scrub whatever it was away. He never felt that he fully succeeded.
After the shower, he donned a robe, and made a pot of coffee. Ethan desperately needed the sleep that he wasn’t getting, and he required an entire pot of caffeine to make it to noon. Cup after cup followed throughout the rest of the day. His doctor told him to watch it. His blood pressure was dangerously high, and it was constantly inching closer to the need for medication so that his body could return to a level nearer to normal. Ethan never heeded the warning. So what if the vice led him to an early grave?
He kept pouring as he dressed and made sure that his files were in still in his briefcase. It wasn’t like anyone had stolen them during the night…
Ethan barely slept; he would have heard it.
When the pot was empty, he brushed his teeth and left his apartment. He double-checked the deadbolt several times before finally setting out for the start of his day.
The baby, a girl called Mason, wailed from above, and Ethan sighed. He started down his flight and was nearly at the front door when the he heard a chain shifting. As he crooked his eye, the faux crystal knob turned, and Ethan was met with his downstairs neighbor. 
Nick.
He was a player past his prime who’d settled in a locale that he constantly referred to as slumming it, but with two alimony payments and three children to support from a distance, he had to make do. Ethan had learned all of this after accepting his neighbor’s offer to go a brew at the bar two blocks over. It had seemed a harmless invitation until Nick wouldn’t stop going on and on about the bitches that had his balls in a vise, and when he capped his venom laced monologue off with vomit in Ethan’s lap, the party was over. He was tempted to leave the then new neighbor hacking up his liquid dinner on the pub’s dirty floor, but then he thought better of it and actually helped the guy home. But from that night on, Ethan tried to keep his distance. It was far from an impossible task as Nick rarely spent his nights in his own bed. Wife Number Three, whoever she was, was probably just a few drinks away.
“Hey, buddy,” Nick said. Even several feet away, Ethan could smell the booze on his breath.
“Nick,” Ethan said simply as he started for the door again.
“What’s up?”
Great. So they were going to have a conversation.
“Nothing much,” Ethan said. “You?” he asked, trying to be polite.
Nick laughed through his smirk.
“Not nothing. You see the new girl two doors down? The blonde with the…”
He cupped his hands over his chest. To his credit, or hers, Nick didn’t have to describe the blonde with the any further for Ethan to know just who he was talking about.
“Oh yeah?” Ethan said, even though he didn’t need or want a more-detailed picture of the previous night’s events.
“Yeah, man. And let me tell you. She is a demon in the---”
“Sounds great, Nick. You’ll have to tell me all about it sometime.” He made a show of glancing down at his watch. “I’m already running late. Sorry.”
He really didn’t want to hear any more.
“Cool, man,” Nick said as Ethan stepped outside the building. “Catch you later I guess.”
Ethan could never be sure if Nick was being sarcastic or if he was concealing some kind of hurt or if he was just a moron. Maybe it was a little from columns A, B, and C, but Ethan kept walking. He couldn’t stand the guy.
He made his way underground and settled into a subway car. The hour was early, but the train was already filled with people going to or from somewhere. Ethan was able to grab a seat in the far corner, and he took pleasure in it. A seat like this would make for an easy escape when he finally reached his stop.
Ethan scanned his phone for his schedule. Today would be on the lighter side. No staff meetings, only one appointment. Ethan liked days like this from time to time. A steady diet of the uneventful would probably drive him insane. Just more time with his thoughts when he had enough of that on account of his sleepless nights. But once in a while, he welcomed a reprieve.
He lifted a file from his briefcase and flipped it open. The single man of today’s hour was Carter McCord. It was a pompous name befitting the heir to a construction empire. The kid was barely twenty-five, and he had amassed, or rather been born into, more money than Ethan could ever dream of spending. He had his usual moment of resentment, but it quickly passed. Not because he didn’t care.  A part of him did. Had to. He was, after all, only human. Pathetically human. But that still meant that any fortune, even Carter McCord’s, served no real purpose in the grand scheme of everything. Ethan returned the file to his bag and leaned back in his seat.
The subway car jolted to a stop, and Ethan was tossed forward. The jostling caused his eyes to meet a young girl wearing too much makeup. Her hair was blonde with purple streaks, and her fishnets were torn. He wondered if that was intentional, or if she had met with someone rough on what had obviously been a night of partying. Ethan pegged her as no older than sixteen, but he might be off by as many as five years. It was so hard to judge who and what anyone really was.
The purplish blonde sensed his stare, and she locked eyes with Ethan. He stayed in her gaze, dumbly, for a few seconds. When Ethan tried to erase the awkwardness with what he hoped was a kind smile, the girl simply stuck her tongue out at him. With a laugh, she turned her attention to the friend at her side. Her hair was brown with neon blue splotches. Both girls giggled, and the blonde pointed in Ethan’s direction as she murmured what had to be an insult under her breath. Ethan did his best to ignore them until they got off at the next stop.
He finally emerged into the day and walked the last two blocks to his office building. It was hardly a monument in the spirit of unlimited sky. It was five stories, lawyer on one, dentist on two, floors four and five were shared by an up and coming advertising firm that would fly the coup upon landing an account that would allow for the rental of a bigger space. 
Ethan worked right smack dab in the middle of the action. He started with Arcadia right out of a state school as an intern. His superiors took to him and moved him up the ranks even as they initially entertained fears that he would take all that he had learned when larger operations came to call. The courting they predicted materialized; Ethan’s disloyalty did not. Naturally they took it as a sign that he was a man to be trusted implicitly, and they saw that he nurtured the most promising accounts on board and even let him continue to tend to a few once the client was in it for the long haul. What they didn’t realize, what no one ever saw, was the truth behind his apparent fidelity. Ethan stayed at Arcadia because it became habit and therefore safe. He had no desire to venture into waters that might swallow him whole. That’s what happened when the current grew too jagged. 
He was usually the first man through the door. It never went unnoticed come bonus time. But on this particular morning, someone had beaten Ethan to the punch.
Donna.
Arcadia’s receptionist was a bright woman, always smiling. That smile had recently grown ten times wider on account of a simple piece of jewelry.
She was engaged.
Donna looked up when she saw Ethan.
“Good morning, Mr. Graff.”
She stood and smoothed her hands down her red skirt as she stepped out from behind her desk. Her brown hair bounced as her heels clicked towards him, and she moved to take his coat.
“Hey, Donna. Kind of early, no?”
“Can you keep a secret?” she asked covertly.
“Uh… sure,” Ethan answered. Even as the words came out of his mouth, he wasn’t sure if he wanted to know her secret. Donna placed his coat over her arm and leaned in closer.
“I’m picking out flower arrangements.”
She made it sound like her reception was going to be bugged in the hope of obtaining classified CIA intel.
“Okay,” Ethan said.
Donna held her tongue for a few seconds before bursting into giggles.
“Kevin’s working from home today, and I just couldn’t wait! Thought I’d get in a little search time before everyone showed up.”
Ethan had to smile in the face of her happiness. Donna was sweet. More importantly, she was never efficient from the opening bell to the end of day, and who was he to deny her the need to tend to some personal business when she was bubbling to the point of bursting?
Suddenly, Donna’s face darkened.
“I… wow.”
“What’s wrong?”
“You really are the first man in. You… you won’t say anything, will you?”
Ethan laughed and shook his head.
“Of course not. Just… just pick something that matches your dress I guess.”
Donna cocked her head to the side. Ethan knew nothing when it came to anything having to do with flowers let alone those were meant to exist in service of a wedding day.
“Or… or whatever,” Ethan said. “You’ll make the right choice. You have great taste.”
Donna beamed at the complement and offered to get him a cup of coffee.
“Sure. Sounds good.”
Donna was off, and Ethan entered his office. He settled behind his desk and reached again for the McCord file. He placed it on his blotter and turned his computer on. Blotter, computer, calculator, steno pad, pens. Not one thing on the desk gave any indication of his past or his present, and Ethan’s future promised well-organized anonymity in the same vein. That was the way he wanted it.
“Here you go, Mr. Graff.”
She set the steaming cup on Ethan’s desk, and he thanked her with a smile.
“You need anything else?”
“I’m good, Donna. Thanks”
She started to leave, but then she turned back with a question in her eyes.
“Mr. Graff?”
Ethan stayed silent as he waited for her query.
“I… I’m already thinking about a head count. You know?”
He knew where this was going.
“Yes?”
“I know you… well you always kind of keep to yourself. So…I mean… I mean… I don’t want to insult you or anything.”
The chances of Ethan actually attending were slim to none, and he was ready to refuse her politely and save her the cost of the postage.
“But I’d still like to invite you, Mr. Graff. Everyone else will be there. And I just can’t leave you out.”
Ethan tapped his fingers on his desk and considered his best course of action. He’d never be there, but Donna’s desire to include him was touching, and he couldn’t bring himself to smash her wish to bits on this morning. Better to tick of his regrets on the little card that would undoubtedly accompany her invitation and directions to the venue from every conceivable location. By that point, she would be swimming in so many last minute details that his refusal wouldn’t sting quite so much.
“Send me a Save the Date,” he said.
He wasn’t promising anything, but he wasn’t lying either, and it had the effect of retuning Donna’s smile to her face, and she left his office with a spring in her step.
Ethan sipped his coffee, checked his emails, and perused Carter McCord’s file for the umpteenth time. As the office filled with his co-workers and they stopped at his door one by one to wave their hellos, there was a new face in the mix that waited in the reception area. Ethan caught only the slightest glimpse of the man, but he heard the name and straightened his tie. He was on his feet before Donna appeared and announced the expected guest.
“Great. Please show him in, Donna.”
She disappeared and returned in short order with Carter McCord.
He was shorter than Ethan had expected. His hair was slicked back, and he was dressed in khakis, a polo shirt, and a blazer. Ethan took it as an attempt to ape the common man. It was a moderately successful effort.
“Mr. Graff. Nice to put a face with the name.”
Carter extended his hand, and Ethan took it. The kid’s shake was firm yet warm, and Ethan quickly mirrored his smile. Carter had hazel eyes, and there was something that could be called kind in his stare. Donna asked him if he needed anything.
“No thank you, Miss,” Carter said, still smiling.
Kid seemed polite. Once Donna closed the door, Carter whistled.
“Nice, man. Very nice.”
That was the Carter McCord that Ethan had expected to meet. But at least he had the good grace or the good sense to make the pass away from Donna’s ears. That counted for something.
“Have a seat, Mr. McCord.”
“Carter. Please. Hate when people stand on ceremony. Even with me.”
He laughed as he assumed the chair before Ethan’s desk and crossed his legs.
“And while we’re getting so friendly… Ethan? Is that okay with you?”
“If that’s what you’d prefer.”
“I do.”
Ethan looked to the file again. By now he had the reasons for the meeting committed to memory. Carter McCord was looking to diversify, and he wanted some assurances of the best bang for his buck. It made sense for a man with so much mad money at his disposal. But the one thing that didn’t make sense was the selection of Arcadia when he could have any or several of the city’s larger firms in the palm of his hand for a song. They’d rip each other to bits for the chance at his portfolio.
“So why us, Carter?”
“Ethan, do you think so little of your firm? Of your own abilities? Story I’ve been told tells that you’re good at what you do.”
Ethan didn’t argue with the assumption, but it hardly made him an exception to the rule.
“Dime a dozen.”
“Don’t sell yourself short, man. You know you’re stuff, and I like to know that no one’s going to skim off the top if you know what I mean.”
Ethan did, and Carter’s rationalization sounded reasonable enough. Perhaps it was a lesson passed down from his late father, or maybe the senior McCord had made the mistake of assuming that bigger meant better. Total sins of the father stuff. Whatever had brought Carter and his cash to Arcadia was beside the point. The man was here, and he meant business. And Ethan had a job to do.
They discussed stock options, the sure thing, the smart gamble, the bold risk. Carter wanted a piece of every pie. He could afford as much, and a part of Ethan had to admire the fact that he wasn’t putting all of his eggs into one flimsy basket.
“So… what do you think?” Ethan finally asked.
“You do know you’re stuff. Love it!”
Another question crossed Ethan’s mind. Carter’s bid towards securing the future with the possible promise of achieving extra didn’t exactly fit with the image of a playboy whose biggest concern should be the purchase of his next car or lost weekends in Vegas.
“This,” Ethan started, “this is a very responsible step, Carter. I’m impressed.”
Carter narrowed his eyes and flashed a cool grin.
“Cause a guy like me never plays it mature, right?”
He was reading him like a book, but Ethan didn’t let it faze him.
“No offense.”
“None taken.”
“It’s just… it’s curious.”
“Is it?”
“Well, yes. Why the sudden need to get things in order?”
Carter sighed and folded his hands behind his head. For a fleeting second, Ethan wondered if he’d said the absolute wrong thing. Was it possible that the kid was dealing with a dire diagnosis that forced him to grow up fast and get things in order for siblings or cousins or any other heirs to the throne?
“Some might call it a death sentence,” Carter said.
Shit. Ethan had said the wrong thing.
“Carter, I’m so---”
“But not me. It’s just marriage, man.”
It seemed that everything Ethan encountered this morning from Nick to Donna to Carter McCord was on the threshold of new beginnings that dictated the need to plan. Ethan dialed back his apology and smiled.
“Oh. I see. So… congratulations I guess.”
“Yeah. I didn’t see it coming, but when these things happen, they happen.”
That hardly seemed like a ringing endorsement for wedded life. Ethan wondered if Carter had slipped and gotten the girl pregnant. It would explain his seemingly contended resignation to the current situation.
“I see. Sometimes we have to do right by people,” Ethan said.
Carter looked confused before bursting into laughter.
“Ethan, come on! She’s not knocked up if that’s what you’re thinking.”
When it came to Carter, Ethan was making one wrong supposition after another. Ethan didn’t like being pegged for the fool, and he made a decision on the spot to steady the scales.
“Hey, why else to people get married?”
Carter stopped laughing and stared at him hard.
“There’s like love, Ethan.”
So there was. For Donna and Carter and, on some twisted level, Nick. But not for Ethan. Never for Ethan. The reasons why were too complicated to explore, and he’d be even more of a fool to share the story with an almost client who was about to sign on the dotted line. It was better to strike a colder pose.
“Not my scene.”
Carter shifted in seat.
“Really?”
His interest was obviously piqued.
“No way.”
“Huh.”
Carter was silent as he studied his new advisor’s face. He seemed to be searching for the missing piece of the puzzle that he thought he had solved on first glance.
“What?” Ethan finally asked.
“Nothing. Just… well… I mean, you’re not an old guy…”
But old enough that a wife and a kid and one on the way probably seemed a given. Ethan laughed Carter’s assumption off and clicked his pen.
“Quit while you’re ahead, kid.”
Carter leaned in closer to the desk. 
“So what is your scene?”
Ethan needed the right answer. An outline of his day-to-day would only serve to make him appear pathetic in Carter’s eyes, and neither Ethan nor Arcadia could afford that idea.
“You know,” he lamely answered.
“No I don’t. Tell me.”
He searched his mind for some story to tell. His mind latched onto that which was most recent. Nick and his new conquest. The blonde with the purple stripes in her hair. Ethan thought fast, swallowed hard, and combined the two.
“Like there’s this little blonde two doors down. Hooked up with her last night. Guess that’s my scene.”
As soon as he said it, he felt as if his mouth was covered in slime for so many reasons. But it did bring a smile back to Carter’s face, and he slapped his hands on the desk.
“Wow! Didn’t figure you for a player, man!”
Ethan just nodded. He’d told the lie, and now he just wanted to change the subject.
“But seriously, Carter. It’s great for you. Sometimes… sometimes even I miss the taste of a home-cooked meal.”
That was easier to say, and Ethan started to relax back into his own skin. They finalized the deal, and Ethan rose from his chair. Carter stayed where he sat and regarded Ethan carefully.
“Home-cooked meal, huh?”
Ethan stuffed his hands in his pockets.
“Why not?”
Carter got to his feet.
“Why not tonight?” 
7
It was a bad idea. Ethan knew that as soon as he shook Carter’s hand goodbye and agreed to the home-cooked meal with his almost in-laws. He toyed with the thought of rescinding his acceptance on the spot or begging off with an apologetic phone call or email in a few hours or just ignoring that part of their conversation and returning to his apartment as if no one had ever mentioned dinner. Then he could get back to the business of sleepless nights. 
All good plans, but Ethan didn’t see even one of them through. 
He made his way home, showered, changed, and then he left his apartment for the evening. It felt strange, and he was glad that Nick’s door didn’t crack open at the sound of his footsteps. He just wasn’t up to the explanation, another lie or otherwise. He opted to forgo the subway, and he walked until he was able to hail a taxi. Resigned to his fate, he settled into the backseat like a man on his way to the guillotine.
Stop it.
It didn’t have to be like this. It was just dinner with a friendly kid and his family. Ethan didn’t want to field a barrage of questions, but he could always turn things back to the upcoming of wedding or compliment Carter’s future wife.
Melissa.
When Carter mentioned her name, a curious smile crept across his face. At first glance, Ethan took it as a sign of new love, but then he wondered if there was something else, potential little one aside, that made Carter tie himself down when it seemed like the world was his for the taking. 
“Melissa’s so great. And her father is just what I need.”
Ethan could understand that. Carter McCord never knew his mother, and his father had left him not so long ago. Without a family, a man like Carter could become a man like Ethan. It explained everything. Carter didn’t just want Melissa. He wanted to belong to a tight-knit group. Who didn’t? When Carter finally left his office, assured in the knowledge that he’d soon see Ethan again, Ethan didn’t hate him nor did he doubt the young man’s intentions.  Was he jealous? Maybe a little. Carter was on the verge of getting everything. As the cab neared the right address, Ethan swore that he would appear anything but envious. It was far from an impossible task. He was suddenly so nervous, and that fact loomed larger than spite.
The taxi came to a stop, and Ethan stepped to the curb. He tossed the driver a generous tip and stood face to face with a hulking doorman.
“What was that name again?” he asked.
“Ethan Graff.”
Ethan was ready for the third-degree, the are you sure you’re in the right place? But the doorman just shrugged and stepped aside.
Ethan entered a lobby of ivory furniture and hushed voices. People looked at him for a few seconds. If that. They were already coming or going to other places, and a clumsy financial advisor who looked older than forty and carried permanent bags under his eyes had no effect on them or their destinations. Ethan relaxed a little when they paid him no mind, and he walked up to the reception desk with his confidence somewhat restored.
“Hi,” Ethan said.
The man behind the desk lifted his head of thinning hair and regarded Ethan curiously.
“Yes. And you are?”
Ethan’s name was of no consequence. It was the name attached to the invitation carried the real weight.
“I’m here to see Carter McCord.”
It only took a quick glance at a leather-bound book for him to leap into action and show the previously uninvited guest towards the elevator. 
“Of course. Mr…. what’s your name?”
Ethan didn’t divulge anything more as he was watched the doors slide shut on the balding man’s red face. Not having to explain the world away because of Carter McCord eased him deeper towards the promise of dinner, and Ethan was calm as his new friend reappeared.
“Hey, man. You’re right on time.”
Carter shook his hand warmly and slapped his back. He led Ethan into a huge apartment that could easily hold five versions of his. The ceilings reached to infinity, and the furnishings were sparse yet tasteful. Ethan defined it his mind as minimalist. There was no trace of the clutter that clogged his familiar corners, but it had to be easier to artfully spread things out when there was so much space with which to work.
Carter nudged Ethan’s arm.
“Impressed much?” he teased.
Ethan shook his head and smoothed imaginary wrinkles from his tie.
“Well it is quite a set-up,” Ethan said. Who wouldn’t drop their jaw at the sight?
“Just a place to flop,” Carter said as he headed for the bar. He poured a scotch, swiftly made it a double, and asked Ethan to pick his poison.
“Gin. Neat.”
Carter obliged and handed Ethan the glass. He took a deep swallow and let the beverage buzz through his veins. He had no intention of getting drunk, but a little liquid courage couldn’t hurt.
“Sit,” Carter said as he pointed towards a matched set of sofa, loveseat, and armchair. Ethan’s abode was cobbled together with a chair left behind by the previous tenant and a couch purchased on clearance. They did not match, but Ethan never entertained. 
He sat at the end of the sofa, and Carter assumed the position directly across from him. Even though they were separated by the length of a crystal coffee table, Ethan felt close to the kid as he smiled.
“I’m really glad you could make it,” Carter said. “And I can’t wait for you to meet Geoff.”
Geoff was Geoffrey Troxel, Carter’s surrogate father. Ethan knew him slightly by reputation. He was a publishing magnate who latched onto the whole eBook trend before it was a foregone conclusion, and he went from churning out titles of varying quality at lightning speed to being the stop for every author who was bound for a blockbuster. On the nights when Ethan tried to read to stave off the silence, several titles came courtesy of Troxel-Brown.
“Same here,” Ethan said. He searched his mind for one of the many uncompleted stories on his Kindle, and he honed in on the one about a man who survived a fire and emerged with the ability to understand every language without the benefit of a translator. There was something about him using the power to get rich until he stumbled upon a plot to commit murder and put his new gift to more noble use. And… and he also fell in love? Maybe? Ethan abandoned the book after Chapter 11. He wondered if he should give it another go after the dinner party.
“So this won’t be your regular scene,” Carter said with a smile. “But if all goes according to plan, we’ll rectify that in short order.”
Ethan had absolutely no idea what Carter was talking about, and he drank deep again. His mind flashed back to confessing his supposed extracurriculars, and he was about to correct the assumption when they were joined by a tall man, bald and muscular, in a three-piece suit.
Ethan was face-to-face with Geoffrey Troxel.
“Welcome, welcome,” he bellowed as he took Ethan’s hand in his. Geoffrey’s handshake made a connection but did so quickly because there were always other hands to shake and deals to seal.
“Hi there,” Ethan said. “Nice to meet you, Mr.---”
“No need to stand on ceremony. Call me Geoff.”
“Okay. Great. Sure. Geoff.”
Geoff slapped his arm, smiled knowingly at his potential son-in-law, and headed to the bar.
“Heard you helped my boy out today.”
Carter laughed and winked at Ethan. 
“Um… yes, Mr…. yes, Geoff. Sound investments. I think the returns will be---”
“Great,” Geoffrey interrupted as he sat with his drink at Ethan’s side. “It’ll be just great. And that’s all the shop talk I’m permitting this evening.”
So much for discussing the book about the firewalker who could have navigated the Tower of Babel.
“So, Ethan,” Geoffrey began.  “Tell me about yourself.”
Ethan was at a loss as to where to start. The truth would only bring down the room, and Geoffrey Troxel had already laid the ground rules against shop talk. So what else was there to say? He didn’t want to return to a lie. It would only complicate things down the line. Maybe he could just be vague and get away with it until the first course was served.
“Not much to tell,” Ethan said. “Really just an average guy.”
Geoffrey and Carter exchanged a glance, and Ethan had the feeling that he had stumbled upon an unspoken code implicitly understood by two of the three men in the room. As always, Ethan was the odd man out, but when Geoffrey Troxel took hold of his shoulder and laughed, he was suddenly, somehow in on the unknown joke.
“Well said!”
Was it?
“We need more of those,” Geoffrey said.
“Amen,” Carter interjected.
Okay. So they were five-star guys who weren’t all that different from him. Maybe they lived in colossal apartments and had money to throw at stocks that might never rise, but was it possible that that was where the divisions stopped? Could Ethan actually be on equal footing with these guys? It might be nice.
He finished his drink and moved for another.
Slow down. Don’t get drunk.
“So… there’s a wedding in the mix?” Ethan said.
He had to shift the subject away from his life.
“That’s what my accountant tells me,” Geoffrey said with a laugh. “But Melissa deserves the best.”
“Here here,” Carter agreed.
Ethan watched the men bask in the idea of the still unseen Melissa. Carter grinned goofily at the thought of the girl, and Geoffrey seemed to swell with pride. It seemed sweet. Every girl should have a shot at a father and a husband who made her every wish come true. It wasn’t in the cards for everyone, but Ethan couldn’t begrudge them their impending happiness. Someone should have all the luck.
He sipped his drink and made a move to belly up to the conversation at hand.
“So where did you and Melissa meet?” Ethan asked Carter.
Carter chuckled and rolled his empty glass in his hands.
“At a party. It wasn’t for her.”
Ask the next question, Ethan.
“Who was it for?” he asked.
“Who knows!” Carter said. The room filled with new laughter, but Ethan had to find a way to keep the topic alive.
“She was no match for Melissa, huh?”
It was the first time he had dared to speak her name, and it did not go unnoticed. Ethan looked to Geoffrey first, and he saw a father who looked like he couldn’t quite believe that he had produced the brilliant beauty who caught the eye of the boy who suddenly seemed lost in promises of an upcoming wedding night and the many nights ahead. 
Good for them. Good for her. He was glad that Melissa had two champions in her corner, and he looked forward to putting a face to the name.
“So when’s the happy event?” Ethan asked.
“Next May,” Geoffrey answered. “She has it her head that pastoral is the way to go. Now if it was me, I’d opt for indoors.”
“Always a chance of rain,” Carter interjected.
Ethan envisioned a wedding party drowned by angry skies and a rush to the finish so everyone could just make it to the reception in soaking gowns and suits. 
“Not for you guys. Bet you got a line to the clouds.”
Geoffrey broke his rule as he spoke to Ethan.
“Nice. Write that down sometime. Maybe you’ve even got a book in you somewhere.”
Ethan stayed silent as Carter told Geoffrey that his new buddy was a man of figures first and foremost. 
“And besides, good old Ethan’s already told me his story.”
But had he? Carter didn’t really know anything about him, and yet he seemed so sure. Only one other person had known him that well, long ago, and since that moment, more years had passed then he was able to count. And he was supposed to be good with numbers.
“So I heard,” Geoffrey said as he set down his glass. “Later?”
The question was for Carter, and he nodded as the sounds of female voices started to fill the room.
“Later,” Carter answered.  He was on his feet, and Geoffrey quickly followed as a pair of blondes entered. They were matched in height and slimness but not years. The younger of the two had a taut face because time had yet to leave its marks on porcelain cheeks glowing beneath sky blue eyes. She stirred thoughts of untouched cream before the spoon had had yet to make ripples against the edge of the dish. 
This had to be Melissa.
She nodded at her father and casually regarded Ethan as her gaze settled on Carter. He moved towards her and folded her into his arms. In the company of her parents, he only gave her pristine face the slightest peck, and Ethan liked the respect of the gesture. He had assumed that the girl was his in every way even before the ring found her finger, but now he wasn’t so sure. Maybe they were waiting until the big night after the big day to really link their lives, and if that was the case, it made him like and trust Carter even more. Melissa settled into her fiancé’s embrace, and her faded copy took her place at Geoffrey’s side. 
“I hope you’re not boring him,” she said.
“That’s not the plan, Tori.”
Ethan searched his memory and found her true name. Victoria Troxel was a debutante who never grew up and spent her days attaching her name to charitable causes that needed a boost. He recalled an item from the Times that mentioned her making an appearance at a fundraiser for the illiterate obese as if the terms were interchangeable. They weren’t, but the money rolled in and exceeded all expectations.
Tori Troxel stuck her altered breasts in the direction of Ethan’s eyes and managed a smile in spite of what had to be the Botox. When Geoffrey kissed her new and improved face, he did so with total love, and Ethan felt that the picture in the penthouse was complete. One generation was making way for the next. The only thing out of place was Ethan. 
“Hi!” Melissa exclaimed as she left Carter and took Ethan’s hand. Young. So young. Ethan couldn’t remember being that age. Well he could, but he had fought hard to block it out. 
“You must be Melissa,” Ethan said. She tossed a strand of blonde hair over her exposed shoulder and smiled in anticipation of whatever he would say next.
“Um….”
He had no more words, and he just shook her hand. Geoffrey’s hand surrounded her shoulder, and he looked at Melissa like the world was about to unfold in streams of gold without any threat of a bruise. Ethan started to lose himself in a darker memory when Carter stepped forward. Geoffrey relaxed his touch and permitted Carter to press his girl close to him. Melissa smiled up into Carter’s eyes, and her look was one of total joy. She was being passed from one set of caring hands to another, and that made sense. It’s what fathers were supposed to want when it came to baby girls growing up.
How he had come was irrelevant. Ethan was here, and at least for the night, he wanted to share in the family.
“So what’s on the menu?” he asked.
Victoria Troxel took charge. She seized Ethan’s arm and led him to a dining room. He hoped he’s know which fork to use when. Victoria guided Ethan to the chair at her side, and Geoffrey sat at the head of the table. He appeared to revel in the denizens of his private kingdom as trays of cheese and crab cakes made their way to the table under gloved hands. Ethan piled the chow onto his dish and ate quickly as the others just picked in anticipation of the real feast to come. Ethan slowed down as Melissa talked about possible honeymoons in Europe or on the sea.
“My choice, right?” Melissa asked.
Carter nodded, and Ethan spied her reach for his leg under the table. She gave it an affectionate squeeze. Carter blushed and grabbed her neck. He innocently kissed her cheek, and Victoria raised her glass in delight. Geoffrey appeared beyond pleased with the match. Maybe it was true; money did buy happiness. Ethan forgot the food and returned to his drink. If nothing else, he’d get a few more hours of shuteye than usual on this night.
“Ethan, here. Try the wine.”
Victoria filled his glass to the brim, and she stood to make a toast.
“I’ve said it before…”
“And she’ll say it again.”
“Oh you!”
He looked at her like a man who was completely in love after all the years that had passed between them. Ethan knew that was more possible, but he also knew that everything could slip away in the space of a second. It could come without warning. It kept him up all night every night. 
Stop it!
He was tired of the past. He was tired period. But couldn’t he just enjoy the party?
“As I was saying,” Victoria continued, “there’s nothing better than seeing my baby so happy.” 
She smiled warmly at Ethan.
“But a man is only as good as the company he keeps. And, Ethan. You are a welcome addition to the table. Salud!”
Every glass clinked. The wine was exquisite. The Beef Wellington that followed was even better, and Ethan wondered what it would be like to make a regular diet of breaking bread with the Troxels.
When the final course reached its end and the coffee started to flow, Victoria and Melissa started to help the servers clear the table. Ethan wanted to do his part, and he was on his feet.
Geoffrey gave him a sad laugh.
“Ethan, take a load off. The girls can handle that.”
He felt a ring of sweat forming around his neck as he fell back into his chair. Ethan watched the ladies regard him with pity even as they were the ones made to collect dirty dishes by virtue of gender and nothing else. He looked to Carter for some king of reassurance. Carter just shrugged his shoulders with a smile that seemed to say that whatever Geoffrey said went in his house. Sure it was a touch misogynistic, but he was from a different time. Besides, Victoria and Melissa didn’t seem any worse for the wear, so maybe he should just go with it.
“Brandy’s waiting,” Geoffrey said.
Ethan and Carter followed him back to the bar, and they sat with refilled glasses as Geoffrey lit a cigar. He offered as much to the others. Carter quickly obliged and inhaled on the first spark. 
“Ethan?”
Wanting to just be one of the boys, Ethan accepted and fought hard to suppress a choke on the first puff.
“Not you brand?” Geoffrey asked.
He could do this. He could play it like he knew what separated a good cigar from a bad one as he sipped his brandy. It was a sweet taste that did nothing but erase the effect of what had proved a delicious meal. Ethan still swallowed it down. 
“No. But this is perfect.”
Geoffrey seemed placated, and he tapped the stump of his stogie into an ashtray as he leaned back in his chair.
“So, Ethan,” Geoffrey started. “The boy here tells me that you like the nightlife.”
So it was heading back in this direction. Ethan should just confess now. He knew nothing of Nick’s conquests or the likes of the lavender blonde from the subway. But that wasn’t the worst of it. He didn’t want to know. He started to say as much when Carter shot him a look of encouragement. Why did this have to come up again? In Victoria’s eyes, he was almost one of the family. Couldn’t that just be enough? Maybe in time, he could tell them a truth that would make them all understand and embrace him further. But he wasn’t there yet. Not by a long shot.
So he had to keep lying.
“Oh you know. Like to… like to party. Sure. I guess.”
Geoffrey exhaled a strong stream of smoke and started to play with his tie.
“Same here, guy.”
Ethan couldn’t suppress a look of surprise. Carter was one thing. As much as he obviously loved Melissa, he was still so young. But Geoffrey? Why was he looking for trouble when he had a woman like Victoria who scraped the pots and pans in spite of her manicure?
Geoffrey took note of Ethan’s confusion.
“Hey, don’t get me wrong. Tori is everything to me. Just like Missy will be for Carter.”
“Amen, Dad.”
They tapped their glasses together and turned their faces back to Ethan. All was smiles, and Ethan had to play along if he didn’t want to find the door hitting his back.
“But… who doesn’t need a little fun?” Geoffrey asked.
“What’s all this about?”
Ethan tensed as Victoria reappeared. She wore an apron of peach frills over her designer gown, and Ethan started to stand. He was ready to offer an explanation. An apology. Anything.
There was no need as Geoffrey wagged his finger and stopped her in the archway.
“Boy needs a bachelor party, Tori. It’s tradition.”
Victoria sniffed the air, and for the first time all night, she looked at Ethan with what could only be labeled contempt. He was blowing it, and it wasn’t even true. He set his glass down and tried to speak when Carter took charge.
“Don’t worry, Mom. It won’t get out of control.”
Victoria pressed her hands to her hips and shot each man what Ethan took for a knowing glance before her face expanded into a familiar smile.
“See that it doesn’t.”
Then she stared hard at Ethan.
“I hope I wasn’t wrong about you. We don’t need a bad influence.”
He started to explain that he was anything but as she moved forward and patted his cheek.
“Just keep them in check, Ethan. I’m trusting you.”
With a twirl of her skirt, she disappeared. Ethan took another swig of brandy and hoped he could live up to her faith.
Geoffrey finished his cigar and rubbed his hands together.
“So what do you say think about this weekend?”
Ethan had no idea how to answer the question. To him, a weekend was just a break from the office that led to long walks and longer nights. But he knew that Geoffrey was speaking in another code. Victoria seemed to know some of the score. Couldn’t he just be a man about this? 
“I… I say… I say...”
He finished his drink and slammed the empty glass on the table. Carter and Geoffrey seemed stunned by his sudden show of force and waited in silence for the answer he fully intended. The truth.
But something else entirely came out.
“I say where’s the party, Geoff.”
He looked at Carter and the soon-to-be son-in-law nodded knowingly as Geoffrey stood and seized Ethan’ shoulders.
“Let’s find out, guy.”
8
It was terrifying.
Julie regained consciousness to find the last of her clothing gone. Her wrists and ankles were bound with leather cuffs, and the soft carpet at her back was no comfort. She tried to call out for Kim, but her jaw would work. A metal rod was pressed between her teeth, and she could do nothing but struggle and bite down as one of Kim’s attackers, the one who had pleasured herself with her friend’s mouth, stood above her, naked. He stroked his cock as he smirked. Julie weakly shook her head. Despite the gag, she still tried to plead for some kind of mercy. Her cries went unanswered as he lowered himself inside her. 
Her body shuddered as he entered, and her nails scraped against her chains as he grabbed her hips and forced himself deeper.
Julie’s eyes went wide and watered. He smelled like vodka, and he started to plow her ferociously. Julie couldn’t escape the trap. It wasn’t slow or sweet or anything that she had imagined.
It just hurt.
Julie was just able to shift her position by inches as his hands left her hips. Then his fingers roughly attached themselves to her nipples, and he was brutal as he twisted them for his pleasure only. She couldn’t stop him. She couldn’t get away. 
But she kept fighting.
Julie managed to lift her head. Something about the movement seemed to excite him, and he tore out her gag and tossed it to the side. She could already feel the break in the skin of her lip followed by a small trickle of blood. With no other weapon at her disposal, Julie swallowed and spit into his face. Her aim reached his eyes, and for a second she hoped that it was enough to get him out of her.
But he just wiped her saliva away and flung the it back in her furious, trembling face.
Julie started to slip back to the floor, but then she realized that she could speak.
“Get off of me! You fucking pig! Leave me alone!”
Her words only served to further stimulate the animal. He gripped her face and pressed it back into the floor. Julie was completely paralyzed as his fingers tangled with her hair, and he slightly lifted her head only to slam it down again and again. Dazed, Julie could do nothing but stare up as he went back to playing with her breasts.
No. This wasn’t happening.
Julie closed her eyes and wished for it to just end. Her mind drifted to Kim. What was happening to her? Was she this scared? It suddenly didn’t matter. Julie forgot everything and everyone else as the man ripped into her. He moved with the feel of a scalding knife that poked at her insides. She knew nothing but the most painful fire as he forced his tongue into her bleeding, unwilling mouth. Every part of her was violated as he pumped his awfulness under her skin, and Julie somehow twisted her head away with a sob as he grunted into her stomach and spread his fingers across her back.
It was over, but it wasn’t. The man stayed inside her and kept groaning even as she felt his hold weakening.  Not that it mattered. Julie felt destroyed by his unwelcome entry, and she went numb as his hands continued to run over the surface of her skin. By now she was crying uncontrollably.
The animal finally left her but not before driving his tongue into her mouth again. When their lips separated, he smiled at her. Julie tried to close her eyes again, but he grabbed her face and made her look at him.
“Nice,” he said. “I’ll be back in a few weeks.”
He said nothing else. Why would he? Julie was nothing more than a depository for his abhorrent seed. In spite of her outrage and her sorrow, she silently prayed that there wouldn’t be an unwanted baby in the wake of this horrible night.
The man finally stood and dressed. He winked at her as he left the room leaving her ravaged and bleeding and still weeping from his assault. Julie tried to calm her breathing, and she resumed the struggle against her bonds. If she could just get up, she could find Kim and the way out. That had to be the worst of it. What else…?
Her thoughts stopped as Pete entered the room.
He wore only a pair of gray briefs and smoked a cigarette as he stared down at her.
“You asshole,” she screamed. “You’ll pay for this. You’ll---”
Pete hit her. Hard. Julie’s head fell to her side, and before she knew what was happening, Pete stripped and assumed the first man’s position. He reached for her hair and tore to the roots as he drove his body into hers. Pete’s attack was quicker. It was as if he was frustrated at having to wait for her deflowering, and he didn’t want to waste any more time staking his claim. Julie tried to dislodge his point of attack with her trembling hips. It didn’t work, and she could do nothing but look for escape. Her eyes moved from the floor to the wall, and she caught a small sliver of moonlight peeking through a high window. If she could just get there, she could get out into the night. It seemed so close, but she was unable to move as he hurt her harder than the first man, and Pete finished with another pull at her hair and a quick slap across her face. Julie’s tears kept falling as he stood and returned his briefs to his body. Then he stamped out his cigarette on the base of her throat. Julie screamed wildly. When the butt left her skin, she was still in pain, but there was enough of a release for her to sigh as he opened the door. Pete flicked some ash towards bound feet.
“I’ll keep ‘em coming, Jules. You were worth the risk.”
And then he was gone. Julie recovered enough to where she was able to think of freeing herself again. She twisted and turned, and for a second she thought she felt the latch start to give when there was another man, one that she had yet to see, one with slicked back hair and a look of fiendish determination in his hazel eyes. 
“No. No please!”
Would this ever end?
9
Ethan was told to pack a bag. Nothing major. Business casual for dinner at some country club, and the next morning they would hit the links.
“If we can still stand!” Geoffrey said before Victoria and Melissa returned to bid him goodnight. 
“It was so nice to meet you, Ethan,” Victoria said as she kissed his cheek. Ethan laughed and awkwardly patted her arm.
“Mom, you’re embarrassing him.”
Melissa shook his hand again, and Geoffrey gave him a wink as Carter showed him to the door. 
“Not bad,” Carter said.
“What do you mean?”
“I always play it sweet around them, too. And hey, what they don’t know won’t hurt ‘em, right?”
Ethan gave him a slight nod.
“So see you tomorrow?”
“Uh… guess so.”
“Awesome!”
Carter slapped his back as Ethan turned to the sound of a closing door. He made his way to the elevator, moved down between the floors, and then started through the lobby. This time around, he felt that everyone was looking at him with some kind of knowledge pertaining to Geoffrey’s intentions for the next day. It was as if they were already judging for him for something that even Ethan wasn’t entirely clear on. Sure he got the gist of it. After dinner and drinks they’d get dessert, and that was code for ladies of a different class than Mrs. And Miss Troxel. He envisioned a strip club or a whorehouse of something else entirely out of his comfort zone, and he wished that he had started down a different road with Carter or at least swerved at the sight of the first exit upon meeting Geoffrey. Now there was no turning back, and as Ethan hailed a cab and asked to go home, he started to panic.
He couldn’t do this. It wasn’t as if he had never been with a woman, but it had been a long time. He had his lonely moments, but that didn’t mean that he wanted to sit in a smoky room while scantily clad girls with too much make-up and daddy issues promised he could have it any way he wanted it. It wasn’t his style, far from his speed, and he couldn’t fight the feeling that even if the services were bought and paid for, it was too close to forcing someone to do something that was not entirely their choice.
No turning back. Maybe he could just get by with watching. Maybe he could get really drunk at dinner and feign an illness. Right. Pretending a headache would really make him seem like a man in their eyes. Ethan sighed and watched the lights of the city pass him by. How bad could it be? It was just one night. After the taxi reached his building and he paid the fare, he climbed the stoop and lingered for a moment before Nick’s door. What would he do with Geoffrey Troxel’s invitation? Probably give up a limb or two to go in Ethan’s place. Was there a way to swing that? No way. He moved on without knocking and slumped down on his couch. He loosened his tie and glanced at the clock. 
12:47.
Despite the intake of alcohol, he was getting no sleep tonight. At least it was something familiar.
He clicked through the channels and settled on a marathon of one of the Law & Order shows. An episode detailing the hunt for hookers murdered by a religious nut did nothing to help his mood, and he flipped to the early morning local news. How did the anchors look so good when the sun was barely up? Ethan had missed his calling. He should be one of those that reported the news at first light. He was always awake for it.
He left the set on as he showered, made an enormous pot of coffee, and packed the little that he would need for the weekend. As he shoved his toothbrush into the suitcase, he was suddenly seized by another thought. What if this was a set-up? What if Carter and Geoffrey were secret serial killers in wolves clothing that sized him up only to torture him slowly far from home and dispose of the evidence where no one would ever find it? Was that a plot from one of the episodes that he hadn’t turned away from? No. His imagination was just in overdrive. That was too crazy.
Mason shrieked from above, and Ethan paced the floor of his apartment. Carter and Geoffrey said they wanted to get an early start. In their world, early meant 11, and Ethan kept drinking coffee and watched what felt like an unending episode of SportsCenter as he kept his eye of the clock. Couldn’t they just show up already so they could get this over with? He tried to focus on the safe bets for the day’s ballgames. He was curious to see if the Mets could keep up their losing streak, and he considered ignoring his phone and the inevitable knock on his door with a muted TV and held breath until Carter and Geoffrey considered him a lost cause and just went on without him. It might work. He could hide until they were out of state and only then would he venture outside and grab a couple sandwiches. And maybe a bottle of tequila. He’d need something strong to try to sleep off the guilt and the shame, and he’d spend Sunday hungover and trying to come up with excuses for where he had been and why he had missed the guys. What would fly? He’d hooked up with some sweet number after their dinner and lost track of time? Or she’d done such a number on him that he plain forgot the plan of action? An excuse like that would help him save face, but what if they invited him again the next weekend and the next and the next? There was no way that he could avoid them and their preferred playground forever.
He was out of time when the knock came. Carter or Geoffrey, which one didn’t really matter, banged against his door. Ethan’s TV was at full volume, and there was no concealing his presence. He sent SportsCenter into oblivion and trudged towards his door. He slowly strained his eye through the peephole.
Carter.
Ethan undid the latch and tried to smile at the boy. In addition to everything else, he suddenly felt ashamed of his home. It wasn’t the Troxels’ place, and Ethan figured that Carter had to have his own similarly swanky set-up just waiting to see Melissa over the threshold. For a second, he imagined being devious. He would turn Carter down and threaten to tell the Troxel women all if Carter didn’t just leave him alone. But in the long run, that would only hurt Arcadia and, by association, Ethan. He was trapped, and he simply shook Carter’s hand and picked up his bag on his way to the slaughter. When they passed Nick’s door, Ethan longed for it to open. First time for everything. If Nick would just appear, Ethan would lie that he was the reason for having to stay in the city. Nick was his friend, right? Sorta kinda? Where was Nick? Probably occupied with the blonde with the. His absence irked him more than his presence ever had, and Ethan had no choice but to enter Geoffrey Troxel’s town car and see where the weekend would lead.
“Ethan, this is going to be a blast!”
Geoffrey Troxel was already into a bottle of champagne, and he handed his travelling companions two glasses as the car sped off.
“A toast,” Geoffrey commanded. 
Carter raised his glass, and Ethan followed his lead.
“To bachelors!” he said as he downed his glass in one gulp.
“At least until Sunday dinner,” Carter said as he drank deep.
Ethan sipped his glass, and his mind drifted to the ladies they’d left waiting. Did they know? They had to have suspicions. Did they know and just not care? It was a possibility. When he reflected on the penthouse and all the perks that the guys’ combined fortune could provide, it almost made a kind of sense. They’d put up with it for a taste of the finer things so long as their boys took their circus out of town. This, the trip, had nothing to do with how much they all loved each other. Ethan could hang onto that. He could view the next 36, 48 hours, whatever as some kind of a fever dream, and he would wake up on the other side having just played along with the fantasy, and then he would wash it all away with another shower when he finally made his way back home.
It’ll be okay, Ethan.
“To… possibilities,” he said.
It was both vague and dirty enough to send Geoffrey’s hand slapping against his knee, and Ethan found the confidence to ask a few questions as the liquor flowed and the car hit the highway.
“So… what’s the plan?” he asked.
Geoffrey opened another bottle and refilled Ethan’s glass.
“What’s your pleasure?” Geoffrey shot back.
At home with the Mets, but Geoffrey didn’t need to know than.
“Some… sweet young thing.”
It sounded idiotic the second it came out of his mouth, but Geoffrey was already getting drunk, and he tousled Ethan’s hair.
“Then you’re in luck, boy. They’re young and limber and---”
“And totally tied up!” Carter cut in.
Okay. So definitely a whorehouse. Ethan had to drink again at the thought of BDSM stuff that he’d never tried and hated for so many reasons. But that was different. That was truly forced. This was just going to be a game with willing participants. He’d oblige and get through it.
“Cool,” Ethan said lamely. “So you guys have done this kind of thing before?”
Carter and Geoffrey burst into laughter.
“Like every chance we get,” Carter said.
“And they’re bringing the redhead this time.”
“I gotta get a piece.”
Ethan imagined auburn locks above a familiar smile that might actually be glad for the repeat customers, and he wondered if he’d have to take a turn. The thought of all of them sharing one girl was weird, but there’d have to be others from which to choose.
He hated even thinking that.
They stopped for lunch at a greasy spoon. A fat lady with a necklace that had to limit her ability to walk showed them to a table at the back and brought them water with lemons without a specific request. Carter and Geoffrey consumed huge plates of burgers and fries in an effort to sober up some. Ethan just drank coffee and picked at a chicken salad sandwich. He noticed a strange looking man a few tables away with bulging eyes and a huge fro. When he met Ethan’s eyes, he looked as if he wanted to say something important, and Ethan tried to solve the puzzle. He lost his chance when Geoffrey called for the check and the stranger rushed out of the diner before Ethan could make further contact.
“Time to keep moving, boys.”
And then they were back in the car. They drove for another hour, and Geoffrey actually asked Carter if Melissa had shown him her intended flower arrangements. Donna could show them a thing or twelve on that front and…
What was happening?
In one breath they talked about getting their rocks off with purchased girls, and in the next it was who sits at Aunt Irene’s table with her impossibly bad breath and cruddy fingernails. Ethan needed to latch onto anything else, but all he could find was the very real chance that he would be invited to the wedding. He’d have to sit silently as Carter promised total fidelity and watch Geoffrey Troxel spin his little girl around the dance floor even as he remembered a redhead in what would have to be leather and the next chance he’d get to have some weekend fun. Ethan struggled to laugh with the others as the car turned towards an incline in the road.
They pulled up a long stretch of hill and passed condos. Visitors could only imagine what it was like to live day in and day out on greens with golf carts endlessly rolling by. Ethan had to wonder if the permanent residents made use of the local wares, and when he saw an perfectly coiffed middle-aged couple strolling along a sidewalk, the male tan with gray hair, his companion too blonde and her skin too tight for her years, he shook the thought away and decided that the people a few towns over from a place called Eatonsburg had no idea what took place behind every closed door. They were probably better off being ignorant of the total truth.
“Here we are!”
Carter was out first, and he ordered a valet in an ill-fitting uniform to deposit their luggage in the assigned rooms as Geoffrey ushered Ethan inside.
“Get up, get dressed, and get back. Got it?”
“Sure, Geoff.”
He patted Ethan’s shoulder as the trio ascended the staircase. Ethan was relieved to get away from them, and he fell into the bathroom. The water was like ice as he splashed it against his face. He stared at his reflection in the mirror and didn’t recognize what he was or what he was about to do. But now he was too far from home to do anything but pull his body into a suit, wind a tie around his neck, and go once more into the breach. Ethan was far from home, and he didn’t even know the driver’s name.
He met them at the foot of the steps. Both men reeked of aftershave, and Geoffrey took hold of his arm.
“I could do with some grub first. You?”
Ethan nodded.
He saw mahogany pillars stretching up out of dark rugs, and he caught sight of a wedding party in a private room. There were girls in bright blue dresses with one strap of flowers over their left arms. They popped tiny grilled cheese sandwiches into their mouths of lined lips and laughed over beers as a joyous bride shared in the joke and searched for her new husband’s hand. He appeared in glasses, with a goatee, and he kissed the top of her head as he stroked her shoulders. When their eyes met, there was nothing but love. Another couple who didn’t know why they were here. Better for them; worse for Ethan.
They were shown to a table overlooking the eighteenth hole, and Geoffrey asked about Ethan’s game as drinks were served.
“What do you mean?”
He wasn’t able to stop the crack in his voice, and he felt certain that Geoffrey would leave him to his room until he and Carter had their fun. Maybe that wouldn’t be so bad and…
“Your handicap, guy. Know your way around the holes?”
Back to just golf. Good. And bad. Ethan had graduated to scotch, and he polished off the drink. It stung his throat as he told another lie.
“Wow,” Carter said. “Maybe you should turn pro.”
“It’ll be a good game tomorrow.”
Come morning, Ethan would claim that the alcohol or whatever else lay in store was crippling his play.
When the waiter returned, Geoffrey had barely glanced at the menu, and he ordered three Porterhouse Steaks for the table. Ethan didn’t protest. He needed to eat, and he hoped for mashed potatoes as sides.
“So what’s your little blonde up to tonight, Ethan?”
Who?
He almost said as much when he recalled the initial lie and grabbed it like it was a life raft.
“Oh… her.”
The real girl was probably en route to one in a line of endless parties, and maybe it was just a matter of time before she found her way to a place like this. Ethan wanted to be back on the train and shake some sense into her before she sold herself short.
“Trying to sleep it off.”
And the lies just kept coming.
“Whoo! Awesome, Ethan!”
Geoffrey sliced his meat and nodded his approval.
“Let’s see what goes down tonight.”
Ethan finished his steak, and he was grateful for the potatoes. Geoffrey signaled for the server to put everything on his tab, and they made their way back to the car. Ethan glanced into the private room, but now it was occupied with diners in search of some seclusion. He could hear the wedding party in full swing on the terrace. As a rule, Ethan hated weddings. He had no intention of attending Donna’s. But at least with a wedding he would pretty much know what to expect. Not so with Carter and Geoffrey.
Carter’s his scotch-soaked breath reached Ethan’s eyes, and he told him to get ready. Ethan wanted to ask for what, but now he had other concerns as Geoffrey’s driver was nowhere to be seen and Troxel took the keys.
Ethan grabbed Carter’s arm.
“What?” Carter asked.
“Is he okay? I mean can he…?”
Carter laughed.
“He’s good, man. He knows the way in his sleep. Just be cool.”
Ethan tried to be that as Geoffrey rammed the car down the hill and took the second turn to a dirt road.
Everything was bumpy as trees grazed the windows. Geoffrey kept the car moving forward like a man possessed, and Carter opened a bottle of wine. He couldn’t find the corkscrew, so he settled on his teeth. The cork met his mouth and left just as quickly in an eager spit. Ethan kicked it from his toe and accepted the last drink he was going to consume. This was it. Or almost it. He had to try to stay sober.
Geoffrey guided the car to a small cabin with two lights in two windows. He parked and jumped out as he pressed his hands together. Ethan observed him carefully, and he was barely past the car when two blonde boys emerged from the house and shook Geoffrey’s hands.
“Mr. T!”
“Knew you’d be back.”
Geoffrey shrugged and smiled. Carter was at his side in less than an instant.
“Is she here?”
The blonde boys nodded, and one of them turned his head towards an illuminated window and whistled.
“You’ve got a caller here, Jules.”
Ethan felt as if he would sink into the ground as he took the expected steps forward.
The blonde boys regarded him curiously. Ethan nearly trembled at the mistrust, but Carter swooped in and put an arm around him.
“He’s cool. He’s into it.”
The blondes scanned Ethan up and down, and they didn’t seem convinced. Ethan fought the urge to vomit the ill-advised drinks all over the soil just beyond their feet, and his efforts seemed to pay off when they finally smiled and turned back to the cabin.
“Let’s do this then.”
Inside was dark and nondescript. The main room was barely furnished. But there was a bar. Ethan wasn’t surprised when Geoffrey made a beeline for another drink. He was taken aback when Geoffrey was out of his jacket and removing his tie in between sips. Ethan looked to Carter. He smiled as he spoke to the new guys.
“You got her locked and loaded?” he asked.
The boys smiled at each other.
“Pete?” one of them asked.
Pete pulled Carter a few doors down. 
“She’s been busy,” Pete said. “Had a lot of visitors. So she’s a little sore, but no worse for the wear.”
Carter snapped his fingers as Pete formed a fist and pounded against the door.
“Better not be decent, Jules,” Carter said.
Pete lowered his head to Carter’s ear.
“Don’t worry,” he whispered. “She never is.”
They disappeared into the room. Ethan thought he heard a muffled cry, but it vanished under the sound of a foot slamming into the ground or the wall or some other surface that he couldn’t see. With nowhere else to turn, Ethan looked back to Geoffrey. He poured an entire glass of scotch down his throat, removed his shirt, and looked to the other guy.
“Is Red ready?” he asked, laughing at the pun that wasn’t.
“Only for you pal.”
Geoffrey didn’t need to hear anything else, and he started down the other hallway. Ethan was left alone with the other stranger. He raised one eyebrow and lit a cigarette. No. No it wasn’t a cigarette. It was a joint. Was there a way to ask for a hit without seeming pathetic? Ethan just wanted to relax.
“So you’re cool?” he asked, doubtfully.
He wasn’t sharing, and Ethan’s eyes floated back to the bar.
“I’m… I’m here aren’t I?”
The boy exhaled a steam of smoke and laughed.
“Yes you are. Well, they get first go. But don’t worry. We got all night. You’ll have your turn.”
Ethan was startled as another cry emerged from where Geoffrey had vanished. Then there was an unmistakable sound that could only be a hand crashing into skin. He couldn’t drive back his nerves, and the boy noticed his unease. He got in Ethan’s face and inhaled again. More smoke left his lungs, and Ethan tried not to blink, just tried to hold the ground that felt like it would crack open and envelop him. All the way out here, there would be no evidence, and who would really care if he never came back? Possibly Donna. And not just because his absence would screw up her seating charts.
“You got a name?” the boy asked.
It took him a moment to remember it.
“Ethan.” 
He smoked again. This time, Ethan had to cough as the secondhand weed flew into his mouth.
“Matt.”
Matt.
“No! No don’t! Stop!”
Who was screaming? Why? Ethan turned to Matt for an answer.
“Want a preview?”
Ethan trembled as Matt took his arm and returned him to Geoffrey.
And the redhead.
She was naked. Her hair was matted about her head, and a few stray strands fell about her shoulders. She was suspended from a wooden beam in the ceiling by a thick rope, and she turned her head as the door creaked open. Her eyes briefly fell on Matt, but they passed over him quickly. He was obviously the devil she knew, and all of her stare moved to Ethan. Her glare sliced him to his core. It was worse when she spit at him.
Geoffrey seized her face and turned the redhead’s eyes back to his.
“You better be good. Don’t make me angry.”
Even bound, her body seemed to collapse. She hung her head and wept quietly.
“Please.”
Geoffrey pulled off his sock and stuffed it into her open mouth. The redhead tried to dislodge the makeshift gag, but Geoffrey simply removed his belt and buckled it tightly around her quivering chin. She kept moaning as his pants fell to his feet. Geoffrey’s hands encircled her thighs. Ethan watched in horror as he pried open her squirming legs and started to bash himself into her unwilling body.
This wasn’t a whorehouse. This was hell.
Ethan started to make a move to pull Geoffrey away from the girl when a slew of curses emerged from the hallway. He nervously turned his head to see Carter rushing forward. He was wiping blood from his face, and Pete hurried behind him.
“What’s the problem?” Pete asked.
Carter whirled around and pressed Pete against the wall.
“Not the face, dude. Thought you said she was like broken in.”
“Thought you did that.”
They were locked in mutual contempt. Ethan tried to hear what or who they had left behind, but it was drowned out when Carter returned to Ethan’s side. His shirt was unbuttoned, and he smiled again when he saw the man that would be his father-in-law raping the redhead.
Totally tied up.
“Like it?” Carter asked. The question could have come out in the same way on the previous night. To him, the taste of Beef Wellington was on the same plain with a violated female. To him, both were just pieces of meat.
Again he tried to move the help the girl, but Carter and Pete dragged him away from the redhead. Before he knew what was happening, Ethan was face to face with another door.
“Look,” Carter said. “She’s jumpy. You warm her up for me. I’ll party with Geoff. Then we’ll compare notes.”
And he was gone. Ethan was left with Pete, and he turned the knob in his hand.
The door opened on a naked girl, no older, maybe even younger than the redhead. She wasn’t strung up, but her hair was just as tangled. One ankle was tied to a bedpost. Her left eye was black, her neck was covered with burns, and when she turned away from them, Ethan saw her shoulders scarred by lashes that had to have come from a whip. Pete moved into the room. He crouched beside her and forced her face to his.
He slapped her face.
“You know the rules. You can struggle. That’s allowed.”
He roughly took her into his arms. Ethan grasped the doorframe to keep from falling. She paid him no notice as Pete’s tongue played around her ear.
“But blood, Jules? You’ve been bad.”
He hit her again.
The girl continued to sob, but she managed a whisper as Pete rose to his feet.
“I’ll be good,” she whispered. “I promise. I’m… sorry.”
Pete kicked her side. She winced but didn’t cry out as his eyes flashed back to Ethan.
“It’s your lucky day. Carter says you’ll know what to do with her.”
Pete pushed Ethan towards the girl. His fingers slithered around the door as he drew it closed.
“Have fun!”
And he was gone.
Ethan was now alone with battered girl. He was breathing hard as she looked up at him in desperate disgust.
“What… what’s your pleasure?”
He couldn’t speak.


10
Ethan approached the girl and studied her carefully. Every part of him ached. She had been beautiful. She was beautiful, but now she was black and blue, skinny and shaking. Whoever she was, she didn’t want to be here. Neither did he. The difference was that Ethan could still find a way out if he just played the game of men who should be nobody’s friends and hit the golf course come first light. She didn’t have that choice. Ethan wanted to rip her from the house and everything that had happened, that was still happening if the laughter and the obscenities from the other room were to be believed. He believed it. He had seen it.
At the very least, he could untie her ankle. He picked at the rope and set her free.
Ethan reached for her arm. She didn’t pull away. Pete’s blows had obviously weakened her resolve. Still, she didn’t want his hands, any hands, on her. Ethan backed away and lowered his voice.
“It’s okay,” he said. “I won’t hurt you.”
She scoffed as blood trickled from her nose.
“I… I won’t do anything else to hurt you. Okay?”
She nodded. He could see from her quaking that she was cold. More than that, she was scared to be so vulnerable in the presence of a stranger. He could do something about that, and he started to remove his jacket.
The girl whined, and her sounds quickly morphed into a horrible, hopeless laugh.
“You won’t hurt me? Right.”
She seemed resigned to another awful night, and as she gritted her teeth against too much pain to bear, she sat up on the edge of the bed and hung her head.
“I don’t care,” she said. “At least you’re not him.”
Ethan stopped moving and pressed her for answers.
“Tell me,” he said.
She met his eyes. For a second, she seemed to understand him. This wasn’t him. It could never be him. He shouldn’t even be here. But… but now he was. 
“Tell you what?” she said. There was no hiding her anger.
Carter’s voice reached them from the other room. The girl trembled when she heard it. So did Ethan. For him, for her, this was an unspeakable place that should remain in the realm of nightmares. For the Carter and Geoffrey, it was a happy haunt where they could bring dark fantasies to life. How long had this been going on? How many times? How many other girls had suffered their visits?
He looked back to the girl.
“Why… why is it better that I’m not him?”
She closed her eyes but stayed silent. Even without words, Ethan could see the lines of anxiety forming across her brow. He remembered the sight of Geoffrey with the redhead. Carter was younger, stronger, and capable of inflicting even more harm on a victim. What had he done to this poor girl?
She slowly opened her eyes. Her face was awash in crimson and sweat. With a sigh, she pressed her hands behind her back.
“It doesn’t matter.”
But it did. At least to him. Of course to her. He started to speak when she wiped her eyes with the back of her small hand. She shivered again.
“You’re cold,” he stated plainly. 
The girl nodded as she fell back against the bed and kept crying. Ethan stood and pulled his arms out of his jacket. She blinked up in resignation, but her expression changed when he tossed it to her and stepped back. She just stared at the jacket resting against her thigh. Slowly, she sat up.
“What’s this for?” she asked.
“Here.”
He started towards her and saw a new wave of fear flash across her face. Ethan wanted it gone
“No. It’s okay.”
Ethan shushed her as he lifted the jacket from her legs and folded it around her body. She seemed both stunned and relieved to be concealed from his view. He tried to smooth some of the knots from her hair, but she twisted her head away at his touch.
“The belt next. Right?”
He realized that his hands were at his waist, and he rushed back to the far wall and sat. She gratefully pressed the jacket closer to her even as she kept her eyes on his hands.
“Better?” he asked.
She buttoned the jacket and sat up straighter.
“I guess. I…”
As her voice trailed off, her face contorted into agony that she just wanted to forget. But he knew she couldn’t. There was never any way to really leave it behind. She was crying, and he wanted to hold her. 
Ethan started at the sounds of cruel laughter and muffled screams from the other room. He shuddered and turned back to see the girl crying harder. Somehow she summoned the courage to stand, and as she kept Ethan’s jacket around her body, she pressed her ear to the closed door.
“How many?” she quietly asked.
“How many what?”
The girl looked down at him. Despite his best efforts to put her at ease, she was still scared. And yet, she looked like she would make the attempt to beat him at whatever game he was playing. But there was no game, and he needed to convince her of that.
“How many are there of you tonight?”
No. No he wouldn’t be lumped into the same equation with the others. 
“I’m not with them.”
It wasn’t a lie, but it was still far from the truth. As a high-pitched scream rang through the cabin, she slid down the door and cast her eyes on the floor. Desperate to offer some kind of comfort, he slowly reached for her arm. She winced at his hand on her body, but Ethan still helped her off the floor and sat her on the bed. She struggled weakly under his arms. Ethan let go and knelt at her bare feet.
“What’s your name?” he asked.
She blinked furiously and slowly settled into something she could remember without regret.
“I’m… Julie.”
Julie. Okay. He could work with that. The redhead was being tortured, and he wanted all of it to go away. But he had to take what was offered and work towards the next chance.
“Julie. I’m Ethan.”
His name obviously meant nothing to her, and he could tell that his closeness was causing her even more distress. He slipped back towards the door and kept his hands where she could see them. It was all he had in the way of a peace offering.
“Julie, can I ask you something?”
She appeared stunned by the request. It was as if she’d forgotten what it was like to hear someone request permission. 
“Okay.”
She made eye contact again. Good. It was a start.
“Julie.”
He wondered how long it had been since anyone had used her name without derision, and he decided on the spot that he had to keep speaking it at every chance to assure her that she was still human despite all that had obviously been done to her without consent.  
“Julie, what the hell is going on here?”
She snorted and folded a single strand of gnarled hair behind her ear.
“Like you don’t know.”
“No. I don’t. I swear to God I don’t.”
“Yeah right.”
“Julie…”
He wanted to tell her the entire story. Who he was, why he never slept, why he would never even want to know that a place this horrible actually existed. He wanted to admit to being the coward that had just tried to fit in with these men whose names he now wanted to disremember. But there wasn’t enough time. 
He settled on another approach.
“Julie, how long have you been here?”
Her eyes drifted towards the ceiling, and he could see her trying to assign a start date to what must seem like a sentence worse than death.
“I don’t know,” she finally said.
That long. She folded her legs underneath her body and hugged herself close.
“Can… can I ask you something?”
Yes! Absolutely. He wanted her to trust him.
“Just ask.”
Her eyes moved towards a small barred window and the moonlit night.
“What’s today?”
Today. Oh thank God. So maybe it had only been a matter of a week or so. It could never erase what had happened to her, but Ethan was already thinking of a way to stop it from going any further. He was fairly certain that he could remember the route from here back to country club. It wasn’t long, but it was without signposts. Okay. So he just had to make it back to the front door and take off in a straight line until the main road materialized. Once there, he would keep running until he found the country club. And then he’d beg for help. But would anyone even believe the story? Ethan barely believed it, and he was living it. But for her, for the other girl, it had to seem unendingly real.
“Can you please tell me?”
He remembered her question.
“It’s Saturday. Saturday night. Does that help?”
Julie’s gaze became a glare.
“Oh sure. Means you can all go to church tomorrow and wipe it away with a confession or whatever. Aren’t you lucky?”
Ethan heard and envisioned the sins being committed in the other room. Geoffrey and Carter had other plans for their Sunday morning, but there was something dead on in Julie’s observation. They would leave this place after hurting these women and just carry on as if nothing had ever happened. How could they do that? How could anyone? He already knew the answer to that question.
“Julie, does it help you remember how long you’ve been here?”
Her eyes narrowed.
“Hardly,” she said. “What month is it?”
No. He couldn’t bear to think that she had been living this nightmare in an endless loop to the point where she needed that information to measure her suffering.
“It’s… it’s August. It’s the end of August.”
Julie whined pitifully, and he head fell to her chest.
“We’ve been here all summer,” she cried. Ethan felt sick.
“How… how did this happen?”
“How do you think?” she said.
Ethan imagined them snatched from a lonely road or lured to this place with promises that were never meant to be honored. It didn’t really matter. The only thing of any consequence was a way out. If there was one.
She suddenly lifted her head, and her eyes went wide. For the first time, he saw a glimmer of hope in her moist brown eyes.
“Have you… have you seen my face on the news or in a paper or something?”
He wished he could say yes. He wanted to give her some hope to latch onto. But there was no point in leading her on with a lie. The simple truth was that he had never seen her before this night.
Ethan slowly shook his head, and Julie anxiously ran her hands across her face.
“How… why isn’t anyone looking for us?”
Her sobs intensified, and Ethan felt his own eyes filling with tears in the face of her anguish.
“I can’t take this anymore. I can’t stand it. I’m gonna die here.”
No. He wouldn’t let that happen.
He slid up the back of the door and took a few tentative steps towards her. When she felt his shadow fall across her body, she stared desperately into his eyes.
“Please don’t hurt me.”
Ethan gently touched her miserable face. Again she flinched, and he drew his hand back.
“I won’t. I swear.”
He sat beside her on the bed and was careful not to make contact.
“What are you going to do?” she nervously asked. 
“I’m going to help you.”
She wanted to believe him. He could feel it. But too much had happened to truly convince her of his intentions.
“How?”
That was the question. Besides the bound girls, no one else in the house was on his side. Wait! If the help wasn’t already present, he could bring it to the door. Ethan reached into his pocket and retrieved his cell phone. Julie gasped gratefully at the sight, but Ethan’s face fell when he realized that there was beyond no reception in this isolated place. But still he dialed, futilely, for any kind of assistance.
Call after call was simply lost.
“Dammit,” he said. He met Julie’s eyes and saw her on the brink of more tears.
“Don’t cry,” he said. “I’ll… think of something else.” 
Ethan stood and started to pace the room. Think of what else? There was no way out, and even if there was, Geoffrey had the car keys. It seemed as if the only option was to just get through this night. Under no circumstances would he join in the supposed fun, and his stomach churned at the thought of having to hear Julie scream. Without question, the others would hurt her before the night was out. No doubt Geoffrey and Carter would mock him as less than a man when he didn’t take part, but Ethan no longer cared what they thought of him, and he regretted that he ever had. But when it was done, after he was forced to endure the trip back to the country club in Geoffrey’s car, he’d finally place a call and return in short order.
But when he told her as much, she sadly shook her head.
“It’s no good.”
“What? Why?”
She sniffled and rubbed her hands over her bruised throat.
“Because as soon as you go, Pete ties us up. He gags us. He blindfolds us. I haven’t actually seen Kim in forever.”
Kim. The redhead. Ethan deduced that they were friends and the fact that they were deprived of even consoling one another served to put a point of the blonde boys’ cruelty. What must it be like to live from day to day, from month to month, with no human contact save for monsters? 
“Then… then what happens?”
“They take us somewhere else. And… and it starts all over again.”
Her sad eyes pierced his soul. How he longed to hold her, but what good would that really do? To her, men’s arms were the enemy. 
But Ethan wasn’t.
Okay. If he didn’t do something now, they would vanish before he ever had a hope of saving them. So it had to be tonight. There was no other choice. His mind filled with the craziest ideas. It was said that people developed previously unknown strengths in moments of crisis. This was one of those moments. Maybe he could somehow incapacitate all four of them with one blow. He liked the idea of watching them groaning and bleeding in agony. They deserved all that and more. But despite the adrenaline pumping through his body, Ethan knew it was just a fantasy. 
What else?
Could he make Matt and Pete an offer? Could he pull off the illusion of wanting the girls for himself and no one else and purchase them for his pleasure alone? There was time to explain the idea to Julie, but Kim would be ignorant of his true intentions. He imagined her protests only aiding his cause, but the plan stopped short before he could even suggest it. If he actually tried it, he would either be mercilessly mocked or quickly disposed of because a secret like this was never meant to leave their inner circle. But then he imagined something worse. Geoffrey or Carter might take to the idea all too eagerly and outbid Ethan. He knew they had the money to do that, and leading the girls from one pair of hellish captors to another repulsed him.
But he still had to help her, and there was only one other stab in the dark to take.
“Julie? Julie, listen to me.”
He knelt before her again but didn’t touch her.
“I need you to listen to me.”
She slowly raised her head and didn’t make a sound.
“I… I hate that I have to do this.”
Julie looked at him in confusion as he wiped the sweat from his upper lip.
“I have to go.”
“What?”
“I’m leaving you now. Okay?”
Her bewilderment gave way to a hateful grin.
“Of course you are. Gonna play this scene with Kim now, right?”
 “What? No. No I’m not---”
Julie fell against the bed and clutched a pillow close to her body. He thought he had assured her that he would do no harm, and even though abandoning her to the others was the last thing he wanted to do, he hated her thinking that this had just been some mind fuck meant only to suggest an end to her suffering only to add to it. He climbed on the bed and grabbed her face.
“Oh God no!” she screamed.
He pressed a shaking, sweating palm over her mouth and stared deeply into her teary eyes.
“I’m leaving now. I’m going to tell them that I’m done with you, and it’s their turn.”
She shook her head under his hand. Ethan’s new plan was to leave her to the others and excuse himself to take a breath of fresh air or a leak or whatever. 
“And then I’m going to run,” he said. “I’ll keep going until I find help or I can make the call but I will come back. And then… then it will be over.”
He wanted her to trust in the idea, but her eyes left his. As she cried into his hand, he could feel her imagining only what would happen when Carter made his way back to her prison. The practical part of him that was still intact almost told her that she could survive just one more session of humiliation and torture because he would come back. But why had she had to endure even one in the first place? He stopped himself from uttering such an idiotic statement and removed his hand from her mouth. Slowly, he guided her back to the edge of the bed.
“Just… just hang on, Julie. I promise I’ll come back.”
He touched her hair lightly, and she still cringed at his hands on any part of her body. He got to his feet and started for the door. He had almost turned the knob when he remembered his jacket. The plan would never work if the others saw the one kindest bestowed on her all summer. Ethan sighed and moved back to the bed. Julie kept her eyes on his feet as he hovered over her.
“Uh… Julie?”
“What?” she asked, her eyes still on the floor.
“I need the jacket back.”
She gripped the collar and sniffed at the idea of having to be exposed again. With a resigned groan, she peeled the jacket from her body and was once again naked under his eyes.
“Here.”
She didn’t look at him as she handed it back. Ethan hated her so defenseless. He hated leaving her period. But the plan was all he had to go on, and he kept telling himself that it would somehow work. He put the jacket on and returned to the door. Her soft cries forced his head over his shoulder.
“Julie?”
She curled up on the bed and ignored the sound of his voice.
“It’s going to end. Tonight. I promise.”
Resolving to prove as good as his word, Ethan opened the door and gently closed it with one last look at the damaged girl. He swallowed and started down the hallway.
As he neared the room where Kim was being held, he realized that the evil laughs and the screams of torment were now replaced by an array of angry, panicked accusations. Not knowing what else to expect, Ethan pressed his body into the wall and glided past the other closed doors until he saw the source of the commotion.
The redhead, Kim, was still hanging from the ceiling. There were fresh bruises all over her body and a shining stream of blood trickling from her open mouth. Her eyes were fixed in a stare of terror, and they didn’t blink.
Oh no. Oh God no.
Pete and Matt examined the body as Carter sat on the floor. He couldn’t stop giggling as a naked Geoffrey Troxel slapped the back of his head.
“What was that about?” Geoffrey demanded.
“Geoff, come on. She was just so hot.”
Geoffrey hit him again before returning his attention to the suddenly nervous blonde boys.
“How bad is this?” Geoffrey asked.
“Bad,” Pete said flatly. “We got big spenders on tap for tomorrow night and they’re expecting two girls.”
He watched Matt poke her ribs for any sign of life, but then he just shook his head.
“Well this one’s not giving it up anymore.”
Pete grabbed a hunk of Kim’s red hair and lifted her face from her stilled chest. He examined her for a second, then released her head roughly. Reaching into his pocket, he removed a pocket knife and cut her body down. Kim fell to floor in a heavy heap. Ethan pressed his hand to his mouth and wanted to be sick.
“Whatever,” Pete said. “Guess Jules is just going to have to work overtime until we find a replacement.”
Ethan’s eyes darted back down the hallway. 
“She’s working for me first,” Carter said. 
Pete stepped forward and pulled Carter up by his throat. 
“She’s occupied right now. Let your friend have his fun.”
His face softened, and he patted Carter’s cheek.
“Help us clean up the mess, then you get your chance.”
No. He couldn’t leave Julie with him. The thought that Julie might be become another mess turned his plan from foolish to irrelevant. He had to get Julie out now. 
Without another thought, Ethan hurried back to Julie’s room and burst inside. She shuddered when she saw him. Once again, Ethan removed his jacket. Then his shirt. Julie twisted her head at what had to seem like his desire to do all that she’d always dreaded. Ethan didn’t stop to explain as he pulled her from the bed and started to button his shirt around her chest.
“What… what are you doing now?” she asked.
Once he had her clothed, he put his jacket back on and took her hand.
“Now, Julie. It has to be now. Just keep quiet.”
He started to lead her from the room, and he pulled her away from the place where her friend’s body was already being disposed of.
“Wait,” Julie whispered.
Ethan ignored her and just kept moving. They turned a corner and found a back door. Ethan reached for the knob and found the door locked. He shook it and then pressed his entire body against the barrier. It still didn’t budge. He searched the room desperately for another point of escape, and then he saw a window. Keeping Julie’s hand in his, Ethan opened the window and grabbed her waist. 
“Come on,” he said as he lifted her off the ground and pushed her out of the house.
“But Kim?” she asked.
There was no Kim. He started to tell her as much when he was seized by the thought that she might go to pieces if she knew what had happened to her friend. He could lie again and tell her that they’d be back for her before anyone knew that they were gone, but she’d never believe that. 
Still, he couldn’t tell her.
“She’s gone. She… I guess she got away or something. They’re out looking for her.”
Julie’s face brightened at his false confession, and she looked into the night as she bit her lip.
“We have to find her. Before… before they do.”
Ethan climbed out of the house and hated himself as he took her hand. Finding her meant turning back, but they couldn’t return. Ethan knew that he would reveal everything he now knew with one glance, and their only hope was the cover of the dark.
He grabbed her hand and stated to lead her away from the cabin.
“Okay. Let’s go then.”
11
They rushed from the house and moved deep into the forest. Julie had come back to life at the chance to find Kim, and she pulled Ethan further into the dark. He barely noticed the stones creeping under his socks, and when he glanced down at the dirt, her saw the soles of her feet breaking and bleeding against the soil. Julie kept moving, and her eyes raced among the shadows of the trees. He could sense her expecting Kim around every corner, and he struggled to keep pace with the lie he’d told. She would be there. As soon as they made the next turn. Ethan had to keep her believing that until they were far enough away from the cabin for the whole truth. 
He stumbled and lost her hand as he fell to the ground.
Ethan raised his eyes and saw her fully free from any man’s grasp. She would leave him now, and although he wanted her to stay, although he wanted to stay with her, Ethan had no way to blame her if she took off in search of her friend. 
Julie stepped back to him and knelt at his feet.
“Are you hurt?”
The question invited denial or a cry of pain to be soothed. Right now he was only relieved that she hadn’t left, and he reached for her hand. Julie helped him off the ground, and he folded his arm around her slim body. He felt her tense under his touch and pulled back.
“I’m good. Let’s keep moving.”
Ethan was already racing towards the moment when he’d have to tell her that there was no going back for Kim. Right now he could focus on nothing but moving away from the cabin. If they could make it that far, she wouldn’t ever have to endure another night with the likes of Carter McCord. If nothing else, he would never touch her again. Ethan would see to that.
As they ran, a shot rang out. Ethan hit the ground and covered Julie with his body. He was glad when she didn’t scream at the sound, and he stayed with her for a moment. Despite the presence of his shirt, he could still feel her shaking, and Ethan folded his arms around her body and tried to make her forget the threat as he led her back to her feet. 
Another shot rang out, and he held her close. He could feel her tears against his neck.
“It’s okay. Come on.”
Ethan kept her close as they moved. He felt Julie’s eyes drift over his shoulder. It had to be in search of Kim, and he could sense her wanting to go back. Maybe Kim was off in the other direction, and she needed Julie’s help. He could see the idea of returning washing over her face, but there was nothing and no one to save. As abhorrent as it was, Ethan had to wrestle her to the ground, and he placed a soft hand over her mouth.
Julie squirmed, and Ethan stared at her like a man possessed.
“Not that way, Julie.”
When he lifted his hand, she only spoke the words but Kim.
It had to be now. He would have preferred never, but Julie needed to know the score if they had any hope of moving forward.
“Kim is gone.”
Julie shifted her head from side to side, and she seemed unable to comprehend the truth of his words. All she could do was shake and cry at the thought of her friend torn from the world without any hope of rescue. Such was Kim’s unhappy end under Carter McCord’s hands. Ethan had been unable to save her from death, but he’d be damned if Julie would suffer the same fate.
Ethan picked her up off the ground. He held her. Although he didn’t speak, his hands ran down her back and tried to still her fears. But his arms were the enemy, and Julie formed fists that pummeled his body. Each blow brought him back to the ground, and once he was on his knees, he could only wrap his arms around her bare legs. Her fists were such that he knew they would leave marks, but Ethan didn’t care. She could hurt him. Make him a stand-in for the Carters and the Geoffreys. She deserved that much.
Ethan finally got back on his feet. He lifted her off the ground, and he returned his hand to her mouth as they moved among the trees. Her sobbing became too much for him to stand, and he laid her down. When his hand left her lips, she did nothing but whimper at the reality of all she had lost. Her friend was gone. The last link to normal was probably being buried on unknown, unhallowed ground. Julie would never be allowed to leave flowers on what was, in so many ways, a shared grave. Sure she was still breathing, but she’d never be whoever she was before this happened after hours that became days that became months that became an entire summer. She’d never be the same, but she could survive.
“Kim…” As she cried for her friend, Ethan was moved and longed to touch her, not in any mean-minded way but with care. He lowered his body closer to her face. His mouth was at her ear, and he felt her body tense in despair. As he met her eyes, Ethan dragged a single finger across her face and tried to whisper assurances into her quivering ear.
“I know. I’m… I’m so sorry.”
Julie started to speak, but no sounds came out. Ethan relaxed against the idea that she believed in him, but when she started to laugh, he drew away from her.
“You gonna take your turn now? Is that your thing?”
As her laughter grew, Ethan just shuddered and shook his head. She didn’t believe in him and if she kept this up, their location would be revealed and she would be as lost as her friend. He wasn’t going to let that happen, and he was up and folding her unwilling body into an unwanted embrace. Ethan heard her muffled cries and felt her small kicks against his shins. It was strange. He had never longed so much to see another person free, but he had to make her a kind of prisoner if there was any hope of getting away. He caught hold of her neck and brought her eyes back to his face.
“I will never hurt you. You need to trust me.”
He knew that she didn’t as she continued to twist and moan under his hands. Ethan couldn’t stand to see her like this, and it suddenly occurred to him that there might have been others, too many others, who also assured her of a shot at salvation before violating her with unspeakable cruelty. He wasn’t one of those men, and he didn’t want to be numbered among them. But the longer they stayed in this spot was too much of a risk for both of them.
As much as it killed him, Ethan had to show force. Julie continued to struggle and cry as he pulled her closer to him with a rough tug. She trembled, and her eyes pleaded as he dragged her behind him.
“You’re safe with me. And if you want to stay safe, you’ll follow.”
Julie’s body had been battered to the point that she fell like a ragdoll. She kept trying to turn away from him, but with each step, he felt her resistance weaken. As he kept pulling her along he wondered what would become of her once he had her out the other side. Would she try to go back to a familiar place and settle back into normal rhythms? What if that wasn’t an option? Maybe the place from where she had come held its own horrors. If she wanted to escape from them, too, he would have to find her another place where the world could start to make sense. He would carry her home and try to protect her and---
Julie’s hand formed fist, and it crashed into his side. Ethan gasped at the impact, but his arms remained on her wrists as they both fell to the ground and coughed into the dirt. Ethan got his bearings first, and he managed to grab hold of Julie again. She tried to hit him, and Ethan held her firmly against the earth. He hated himself for causing her further harm, and he knew she didn’t want his arms around her. But he could think of nothing else to do, so he just held her writhing body close to his. She struggled against him and finally, pitifully, gave in to his touch. She started to go limp again, but he needed her at attention if they were to make it back to the road.
He patted the top of her head, lightly. To Julie, the gentleness had to seem alien, and she lifted her face to his. 
“What are doing?” she asked.
“Helping you. Now come on.”
They were running again, and he could feel her uncomfortable with his hand on her arm. There was another shot, and she started to scream. Ethan had to fold her mouth under his arm. Julie managed to keep pace with him until her knees buckled underneath her.
“No. Keep moving.”
He lifted her off the ground and felt something wet as her knees found his hands. A quick glance revealed blood, and he held her closer as he tried to get far away from the sound of the shot.
Then Ethan stumbled, and he lost Julie to the earth. She didn’t try to crawl away, but she also didn’t reach for him as she laid in the soil. Ethan wiped his brow and lifted her up again, but Julie pleaded for him to just leave her alone. He obliged and lowered her down. Under the tails of the shirt that be had given her, he could see the skinned knee bursting with blood. He removed the tie that still surrounded his neck and wound it around her bleeding flesh. He barely glanced at her as he tied the knot tight. The fear aside, Julie saw her knee and seemed grateful for anything that stopped the blood. Even slightly. 
“We have to keep going. Can you get up?”
There was another shot. Ethan imagined Carter and Geoffrey scurrying back to the town car after disposing of the mess that used to be Kim. They would keep going as the hunters moved through the trees. He could almost hear the older man berating Carter not only for making the mess but for suggesting that Ethan was game in the first place. Not that Ethan hadn’t unknowingly dropped the clues, but that was hardly enough to jump to the conclusion that this was Ethan’s scene. But Geoffrey was also far from blameless when it came to the invite. Why? Possibly because in his twisted mind, this was every man’s idea of a fantasy. Victoria Troxel would be horrified when she learned what kind of man her husband truly was.
“Where the hell are you, slut?”
Julie trembled, and her shaking hands went for the collar of his coat.
“It’s Pete,” she whispered. “They’re coming.”
Her eyes were full of fear as he picked her up again. This time she didn’t object, and he started running. She was light and sweating in her arms, and as Matt’s voice mingled with Pete’s, as the sound of both boys grew nearer, Julie started shaking her head and tried to disentangle herself from Ethan’s hold.
“Stop,” she said.
“What? No. We have to keep---”
“No.”
“Julie, we can’t.”
“Put me down.”
He let her slip to his side and tried to keep running. Julie held her ground.
“What’s wrong with you?”
“Please. I broke the rules. Maybe if I just go back---”
Another shot.
“You better run!”
“You’re gonna be sorry, Jules.”
Ethan knew what would happen to her. Him? They would probably just shoot him between the eyes and bury him in a shallow grave. But Julie? She would be made to suffer even greater indignities and not just tonight. No. They had to keep moving.
He clutched her hand tighter.
“No, no, no,” she said.
“You’re not going back.”
“I don’t want to die out here.”
“You want to die back there?”
Her moist eyes moved down to her bare feet, and she shivered. 
“You have to trust me, Julie.” 
Her eyes flashed before his face.
“I don’t trust anyone anymore.”
“I know. I get it. I---”
The gun fired again. How he wanted to prove that she was wrong about him, and in another place, in another time, he would try. But not here and not now.
“Shit! We’re going!”
He grabbed her arm and started to pull her behind him. Julie kept pace, but he could feel that she was only going through the motions. When there was the chance of finding Kim among the trees, Julie was ready to take the chance and run for it. But now, even as Ethan increased his speed, he knew that she was already picturing herself falling back into their hands, tortured in the woods, brought back to the cabin only to be driven away to some other dungeon for the next night’s customers. He had to stop that from happening, but the gun went off again, closer than ever. What was he thinking? An insomniac almost past his prime and a shattered girl? They’d never outrun the younger men and their guns.
Ethan stopped, and Julie stumbled against him. He searched wildly for some sort of cover to keep them safe until the danger passed them by or at least moved in another direction.
His eyes spied a hollowed out tree trunk. The opening was small, small enough for Julie to pass through with no effort. For Ethan, it would be a tighter squeeze, but he would hold his breath to the point of losing consciousness to fit.
“Here. Come on.”
He led Julie towards the tree. She stared at him in confusion, and as he eased her to her knees , he ordered to crawl forward.
“What are you---?”
“Just do it. Please.”
Julie did as she was told. He vowed to get her to a place where she never had to take orders again. As he looked about he saw some stray brush and branches. He gathered all that he could hold to his chest and deposited the pile before the tree. Then, with a deep breath, he stretched his body through the hole. His elbows were skinned as his the arms of his jacket tore against jagged edges, but he made his way inside. Julie huddled against the bark, and Ethan tried to reassure her with a smile. She remained without expression, and Ethan reached into the night again to pull the pile before the hole. He had no way of knowing if it would look staged, but it was all they had to take a chance on. He could hear footsteps cracking against fallen twigs, and left it alone. As he moved closer to Julie, he pressed his finger to his lips.
“Jules! We’re coming for you!”
Ethan saw Julie blink, and he couldn’t help himself. He inched closer and placed an awkward arm around her shoulders. It had to be the fear and the closeness of her captors, but Julie didn’t push him away.
He leaned towards her ear, his voice barely a whisper.
“Hang on. They’ll pass us by.”
“Jules!”
Even hidden, there was no mistaking that they were right on top of them. Through a small crack in the shield that Ethan had formed in haste, he could see a jeaned leg stopped right in front of the tree. If he wanted to, Ethan could reach his arm out and grab the kid’s ankle. If he wasn’t one of a pair, that might be a wise course of action. Catch the bastard by surprise, break, bite, scratch. Disarm him and then force his way back into the night to beat him to a pulp, get his gun, and keep running. But with two of them to deal with, Ethan would be shot and Julie reclaimed before any real damage was done.
There was nothing for them to do but wait.
“Anything?”
Matt spoke, and Ethan could see that the partners in crime were toe to toe just inches from their intended prey.
“No. But they can’t have gotten far.”
“If we don’t find them---”
“Shut up.”
“But if we don’t---”
Ethan felt Julie tremble at the sound of a fist crashing into a face. One of them fell to the ground, as the other kept yelling.
“Failure ain’t an option. Especially not with this one. She gets out… shit!”
He turned his eyes to Julie. What were they talking about? She could identify them, sure, but these guys had to have the mode and the money to go underground if the dirty secret got out.
“We never should have agreed to it.”
Ethan kept looking at Julie for some kind of an answer, but she simply stared at him and mirrored his confusion.
“We’ll find her. We’ll find both of them.”
It was Pete’s voice, and even with Ethan’s limited point of view, he saw him help Matt to his feet. He lowered his voice, but his plans were not to be ignored.
“Look, we split up. You see the asshole trying to play hero, you shoot to wound.”
To wound? Why?
“I’ll blow his brains out,” Matt said.
“No. No that comes later. We get them both back to base. I’m gonna fuck that little cock tease so hard she’ll wish she’d never been born. He wants a show, we’ll give him one.”
Ethan gagged at the idea. To have to watch these animals hurt her and to be powerless was a fate worse than a bullet to his brain, and he pressed his hand against Julie’s arm. She didn’t make a sound, but tears started filling her eyes.
“Then we kill him,” Pete said,
“And the bitch?”
“Her road days are over. I don’t care what the boss says. We’ll… we’ll give her to Markham or Jessup or someone.”
Julie’s eyes went wide at the mention of the names, and Ethan realized that these were other men that had forced themselves on her. Without question, they scared her more than Carter.
“Yeah. She needs to be locked up for good and all.”
“Right. Let’s move.”
Ethan heard them take off in separate directions. When the sounds of their footsteps were gone, he finally sighed and fell away from Julie. The dirt was cool against his cheek. Should they just stay here? Matt and Pete couldn’t search forever. They had customers to tend to. But what if they called for reinforcements before taking off to their next stop? Ethan imagined more than two. He pictured an entire army of lowlifes combing every inch of their surroundings and dragging Julie back to hell. It was better to make their move now while the boys were unpaired and try to get back to something resembling civilization. 
He sat up. Julie’s arms were folded around her legs, and she quietly wept into her knees.
“Hey? Don’t cry. They won’t get you again. I promise you that.”
She kept her head down as she spoke.
“You can’t promise that. You can’t promise anything.”
As carefully as he could, Ethan eased her head out of her hands and wiped a tear from her cheek.
“Maybe… maybe not. But I’m not giving up without a fight.”
Julie closed her eyes with a disbelieving sigh. He stroked her hair than sat way with his back to the bark. When he made no other move, Julie’s eyes appeared again.
“So… so are we just staying here?” she asked.
“Give it a few minutes. Then we’ll take off. Are… are you okay to keep going?”
She looked down at her feet and nodded.
“Good.”
They sat in silence for several seconds, and then Julie finally spoke.
“Why?”
Ethan looked at her with cold eyes.
“Because no one deserves this.”
12
When Ethan was fairly certain that the boys were out of earshot, he leaned forward and slowly pushed the brush aside. He was able to see through the opening and peeked out. The forest was still save for a doe grazing a few feet away. He pulled his body out of the trunk then reached back for Julie.
“It’s clear. Come on.”
She barely took his hand as he helped her out. He brushed the dirt and the stray bits of bark from her arm, and he suddenly understood why her gaze had shifted to her feet when he asked if she could continue. All of the running upon the soil and the stones had left her feet bruised and bloody. Without thinking, he removed his shoes, then his socks. His feet were at least three sizes larger than hers, so he stuffed the socks into the toes of his shoes.
“Here,” he said.
It was like some warped version of Cinderella as he placed the shoes on her feet and made the laces tight so that they’d stay in place. He stood again when he was finished and offered her his hand.
“What about you?” she asked.
“I’ll be fine. Don’t worry. Let’s move.”
Julie didn’t take his hand, but she walked without protest at his side.
He looked up at the sky and wished that he knew more about the stars. It was a celestial compass used by sailors and soldiers for centuries, but Ethan had absolutely no idea how to work it. A quick glance back at the tree followed by look to his left gave him some idea of where they had come from in relation to where they were now. But where to go and how to get back was far less clear than it had been at the cabin.
Julie noticed his head spinning around.
“Do you know what you’re doing?” she asked.
What he was doing? Sure. He was trying to rescue her from a nightmare. But how to get home? 
“Yes. Just keep moving.”
She obeyed but kept pressing him.
“So you know where we are?”
“More or less,” he muttered.
Then she stopped.
“More or less?”
He heard her breath shudder through her lips. As his hand brushed against her shoulder, she took a step to the side but kept walking with him. Ethan’s eyes stayed on her as an owl called for his own answers in the distance. The air was still rife with the tension left in their pursuers wake, but it was the closest they’d been to freedom and solitude since he first saw her chained in that awful room, and his mind filled with questions. He knew the length of her captivity, and based on what the others had done to Kim and what he was expected to do to her, he knew how she had suffered. Yet, he couldn’t help but be curious for the specifics. It wasn’t on account of any vicarious desire to experience the violations via her memories. Ethan wanted to know how many deserved death for what she had undergone. He doubted that he’d ever have the chance to make them pay. He knew that justice was slow if it ever came at all. Still, he wished for Julie to be exception to the rule.
“How… how did you get here in the first place?”
Julie’s voice startled Ethan out of his reverie of vengeance. So she wanted details. Ethan hesitated for a second, but then he resolved to be honest. Lies had brought her to this place, lies had brought him here, but the truth would see them out the other side.
“I, uh… I came with… with them.”
Now she stopped. 
“What?”
She froze where she stood, and her hand flew to her mouth.
“Wait. So… so you’re… you know them?”
Shit! Including himself with the boy wonder, the publishing magnate, and their collective perversion did nothing to sway her closer to his side. Her eyes revealed the opposite effect, and Ethan could see her racing through the last hour of her life.
“So you knew what this was?”
Ethan shook his head and stepped towards her. With a small cry, Julie backed away. Raising his hands, Ethan desperately shook his head and tried to plead his case.
“No. No, I told you I didn’t. I just… look. It was a business thing.”
“Business? So what? Did you all go in on this together?”
“No. Absolutely not. I… Carter came to me for some advice. Next thing I know I’m having dinner with all of them. Then they’re inviting me here.”
“What sort of advice?”
She kept stepping into the darkness as she spoke.
“He wanted to diversify…”
Ethan’s voice trailed off. That bit of truth had no bearing on the present moment.
“And… and as like a thank you, he asked me to dinner, and then… I don’t know. There was drinking and laughing, and I guess… I guess they just assumed that I’d be into this, and---”
“Why would they assume that?”
Because Ethan wanted to be a man in their eyes, but he was slowing becoming one in a long line of the lowest form of filth in hers.
“I… I don’t know.”
Standing her ground, Julie ripped off his shirt and stood in nothing but his oversized shoes.
“Julie, what are you---?”
He expected her to run as he moved closer, but she fell into his trembling arms even as she cringed. Ethan didn’t know whether to hold her or push her away.
“I get it.”
Julie’s voice was tinged with rage as she went limp against him.
“So this really is your thing. Make me trust you. Make me think it’s over. And then what?”
“I… I…”
“Then they come back and… and maybe you do watch. And you laugh. And… Kim’s not dead. She can’t be dead. It’s a lie.”
Now his hands clasped her arms, and she started to struggle.
“You’re wrong. I swear I just want to help you.”
Horrible laughter poured into his ears as he kept her close.
“Help me back to them. Then what? Less food. More of them beating me up. Then your friends take a turn?”
He was losing her to fears that were understandable but unfounded.  But of course she’d believe the worst of him when no one had shown her anything but total brutality for months. The want to hold her was trumped by the need to bring her back around. Ethan released her. The sudden shift in his position was something she didn’t expect, and she fell to the ground. Standing over her, he watched her cry. Why was this happening to her? What was her life before she was taken? She’d never answer those questions now, but Ethan had his own truths to tell.
Sitting down in the dirt, he ran his hands across his face and sighed into the sky.
“I… I know… I know how you feel.”
Julie looked up. She grabbed a handful of earth and flung it in his face. Ethan let the soil hit his shoulder and slip down his arm.
“What do you know?”
“I… I saw someone hurt once. Hurt… hurt like you. And I… I think about it all the time. I don’t sleep. That’s how much it still kills me.”
She scoffed, but images of hands groping skin and eyes that ignored pleas seemed as real as they had been on the night that kept him up, and his face darkened as he kept talking.
“It’s the truth, Julie.”
Moving towards her, Julie started, but he was quick enough to touch her wrist. He knew she didn’t want to feel him. The person who kept him awake also didn’t want to know hands ever again. But she never got the chance to move past the worst moment in her life, and Ethan would be damned if he didn’t give Julie a different ending. 
“I don’t know where we are or if I can get you home. But I swear on what happened to you and… and what happened to her that we’re not just going to wait for them to come back.”
Julie continued to regard him with the same distrust that seemed appropriate because of every man she’d been forced to know. He released her wrist and hung his head as he waited for her reply.
Nothing.
Ethan’s eyes returned to hers.
“I… I will not hurt you. I… I couldn’t. But them…?”
 “They will,” she whispered.
Sighing, Ethan kept his gaze in hers. 
“You heard them. And I… I won’t.  I… need you to just try to believe in me. Please.”
Julie’s eyes went blank, and she turned her head to the trees. What was she looking for? Did she still believe that Matt and Pete would reappear at any second to remove his shoes and rape her in the open night? While he couldn’t blame her for the thought, he was distressed to think that his presence was adding to her agony.
When she looked at him again, there was no hope. But he thought he saw an acceptance of some of his story.
“Kim’s dead?”
Her question had latched onto the worst part of his truth. Ethan nodded and slowly rose to his feet. He held out his hand. Without words, he implored her to trust him enough to get her away from this. Naked, Julie inched up. He could see her shaking, and he retrieved his shirt and folded it around her body again. When he started to press the buttons through the holes, she pushed him back.
“I can do it,” she said.
He watched her close the shirt. Ethan waited for her to get the buttons in place, and then Julie started forward again. It took him a second to catch up, but then they were side by side. Relief washed over him as she kept moving. She was no longer crumpled in the earth and searching for escape. And she believed in something. It probably wasn’t him. Her body was violated, her friend was dead, but something gave Julie the strength to carry on. He walked with her in silence, and they turned a corner into a clearing.
Julie stopped and looked to Ethan. He expected her eyes full of accusations, but there was only a quiet pleading.
“Kim’s dead.”
This time it wasn’t a question. Ethan had started this, and now she wanted to know more.
“Yes. There… there was blood. They talked about how to get rid of her.”
 “So they what? They buried her? Out here?”
A small sad place among the trees wasn’t fitting for anyone. Ethan had never known Kim in any state but that of a victim, but Julie’s voice changed when she spoke of her. This was her friend. This was someone that she had known and loved prior to Matt and Pete and all the rest. Julie seemed to believe him. She was accepting the fact that Kim was gone. But maybe talking about who she had been would fortify her for the long walk ahead.
“You knew her… knew her a long time?”
Julie clenched his shirt to her body as she spoke.
“Like forever. We… we wanted to see the world. It was just like a vacation, you know.  It… it wasn’t supposed to be like this.”
Again his mind slipped back to the idea of what this meant. People, men, had hurt her and left her with tears and broken skin. He would have given anything for it never to have happened, but since it did, he felt to know all of it.
“Tell me, Julie.”
Walking, her hands grazed a sloping branch as she started to slip into a memory.
And then she told him the stories.
In her words, he learned of a road trip that went wrong. The plan to stop at an undetermined point led to a diner with a scary man and his curly head. Ethan started to speak, to reveal something that he had seen, but he fell back on the possibility of coincidence and let her keep going.
“And there was a lady. An old lady with like charms around her neck. I actually thought that she was who we needed to get back to.”
Now there was no denying it. Ethan and the others had lunched at the same place of her last meal, and Ethan moved in front of her and started to spill. 
”They took me there, too.”
He expected her to gasp, but Julie’s gaze just drifted to the ground.
“Another coincidence?”
So she only trusted him as far as she could throw him. Given his proximity and the small distance between them, the length was not far, but Ethan believed that he had gained enough ground to keep her talking.
“Maybe. It… it doesn’t matter now. Just keep talking, Julie.”
He risked her running and walked away from her. As he hoped, Julie stayed at his side, and continued to speak.
“What do you want to know?”
“All of it. What… how did they hurt you?”
As her eyes returned to his, Ethan expected more accusations, and he vowed to do all that was still in his power to drive them away. If she ran again, he’d chase until he caught her. In his mind, it would mean safety. For her body, it would be awful. But Ethan would do what was required to keep her near in the hope that he could convince her that he was someone she could trust.
Julie turned her back, and she started touching her hair. He thought she was trying to remember a moment when hands ran through it with care, but then she began to tear at the strands, and soon she was ripping locks from her scalp. Julie cried out at each self-injury, and Ethan moved to stop her attack. She started to push him away but soon just sank into his arms and sobbed as the memory he needed was playing out in real time before her mind’s eye. 
“I… I never did it. I was waiting. I was waiting for someone special. He… he wasn’t special,” she spat.
He gently rubbed her arms as she kept telling the story.
“I was tied down. I couldn’t get away. 
Ethan caught her meaning. She was unsoiled before these beasts brought her into their lair, and she was forced into something that she wasn’t ready for, especially under the roughest of circumstances. Ethan knew the cries. He could hear the sobs. They were a futile grab for mercy against those who didn’t care if she was unwilling. Nothing was worse. It was supposed to be a consensual act. Anything outside of those lines was wrong, and Ethan touched her hair. Julie spun away from him.
“And… and then Pete came back…”
Ethan waited for the part of the story that told of Pete taking advantage of his prisoner. He saw Pete taking his turn after Julie was already ruined. He probably laughed as he forced her to relive recent anguish in the space of only a few seconds. But Julie’s description of her next assailant described a man who could only be Carter McCord.
“He had hazel eyes. He made me look at him. He said he’d remember me on his wedding night.”
Ethan shouldn’t be stunned, but he was. Was Melissa Troxel somehow complicit in this? Was it a role play that she’d shared but never dared to execute, and was Carter meant to put the plan into action in a sick effort to enhance their lovemaking?
“He said he’d be back because….”
Julie’s voice trailed off, but Ethan needed to know all of it as he tried to hold her.
“Why, Julie? Why was he coming back?”
Her face met his eyes, and Julie smirked.
“Because he said I’d be a better lay the second time around.”
Maybe it had nothing to do with Melissa. This was just Carter playing around with Geoffrey’s aid. How had they come to the realization that they were such kindred spirits? Geoffrey Troxel was far too careful as to just take a guess. He wasn’t Carter. So he had to have known Carter in some other life. How could he commit his only daughter to a man with these low intentions? Stupid question. They were also his intentions. Ethan knew that they were abhorrent birds of the most horrible feather. But he still wanted to know more.
“And… and Carter?”
Julie’s eyes went blank at the mention of his name.
“Carter? He did me. He made me bleed. More. He said he liked me broken in.  He wasn’t the one they were talking about.”
So who was the one? Who was the man who had stolen something from her that she could never reclaim? Ethan knew that Matt and Pete still lurked in the woods. He knew that Carter and Geoffrey were probably heading back to the city to perfect their cover story. But suddenly Ethan didn’t care. He wanted the man who had ripped Julie away from the place that she counted on and dropped her in a land where nothing made sense. 
“Julie? Who was your first?”
She recoiled at the memory, and she twisted her head from side to side. Although she knew he didn’t want it, Ethan pulled her close.
“Who was he?”
Julie screamed out and formed fists that moved up Ethan’s frame, and they crashed into his face. Ethan let go and backed away from her even as he expected her to run. But Julie didn’t flee. Ethan just looked at her and waited for the truth.
It came.
“He was an unfeeling asshole who wrecked me. And you’d think… you’d think that would be enough. But then it keeps happening. It’s every night. It’s always supposed to be special. They whisper it. And then they fuck me. I… I just want to go home.”
Julie looked to Ethan with a pleading that he could comprehend.
“Please. Please let me go home.”
She didn’t have to ask again.
Ethan didn’t touch her, but he pointed into the dark and spoke as he stood.
“It’s going to happen, Julie. I won’t let them touch you again.”
13
Julie was broken, but she kept going. The stranger, Ethan, was one of them. He’d only caught a case of cold feet before he decided it might be more fun to make like a white knight. She still believed that it was a piece of a plan that she wanted no part of. but at least his voice was kind. It held tones that she had forgotten for so long. She didn’t, she couldn’t really trust him, but Ethan kept trying to plead his case. She looked at him as they walked through the shadows.
Men, most men, were now nothing more than an idea that she couldn’t bear. In her previous life, the life before the rapes, someone like Ethan would have seemed interesting. He was older, weary in many ways, but Julie would have wanted to hold him and assure him that everything  was alright, and she’d know that he’d be gentle. Maybe that’s why the boys from the dorms held no appeal .
None of that mattered anymore, and Julie wondered if it ever had.
She trudged on in his shoes, and she looked down at his feet. If the pebbles and the twigs were causing him any harm, he didn’t reveal it. Not with his voice. Not when she watched his face focused on the destination he was unsure even existed. Her mind went back to Kim. Julie tried to remember her in her bedroom or laughing as they binged on frozen peanut butter cups in between cramming for an exam or when they set off on this stupid trip with everything ahead of them. But the only image that floated before her eyes was Kim, bound to a bed, being taken from every side as she struggled and cried, as her big blue eyes pleaded for the mercy that was nowhere to be found. That was the last time she’d actually seen her best friend. After that, after each endless night, the blindfold covered her eyes, and she was thrown into the back of the van from which she had attempted the futile escape. Julie could never see, but she could hear someone else whimpering into a gag and trying to shake off a chain. She might have never known that it even was Kim if Pete’s cruel voice hadn’t teased her with the fact that they were so close and yet so far apart, so far from home.
“Having fun, girls? Is your road trip everything you hoped for?”
And then the door would slam shut, and the motor would start to roar. Julie’s restraints kept her from even moving a single inch towards her friend, but she always tried to speak to her. She wanted to ask her if she was okay. It was a ridiculous question, but it was what she wanted to know most. They couldn’t plan or guess what was coming next or just try to remember better times and use them like a life raft until the next opportunity to run impossibly appeared. In the beginning, she told herself that at least they were still together. And alive. She imagined the day when they would break free. No one else would ever understand what they had survived, and it would be something to have each other’s backs in the aftermath. 
Night after night, that hope grew dimmer. Kim didn’t make a sound, but Julie knew that she was still there. She took Kim’s silence as proof that she had given up. Julie didn’t want her to go out that way. Kim could always handle anything, but no more. 
Then came the night where three men took turns in a never-ending round. They wanted Julie strapped to a table, her legs spread wide. When the first one, fat and hairy, dropped his pants and entered her as she screamed, she fought. Her hands were cuffed behind her back, and she could do nothing but lift her head and glare. He raped her for more minutes than she could count, and Julie went from pleading for him to stop to just begging him to finish. When he dumped his fluids inside her and pulled out, she had what seemed like two seconds to try to catch her breath before his friend took his place and entered her unwilling body. He moved slower than the first guy, and what was worse, he touched her sweating , shaking body everywhere as he pressed himself deeper. His hands contradicted his dick, and Julie despised the feel of his fingers in a mocking caress down her sides, across her face, all over her breasts. Even before he finished, Julie knew that she would never, could never, let anyone touch her body without remembering the beast with red hair who added insult to injury by kissing her lips lightly before he stepped away from the table.
If her hands were free, she would have wiped his taste from her mouth. But her hands were useless, and the flavor of peppermint and whiskey stayed on her tongue as the third man’s shadow crossed her face, and he started to pound her. Julie twisted her head away from what he was doing with a miserable whine, and she tried to think of something, anything, else as he slapped her face and formed fists that battered her stomach as filled her with his piece. Julie hated the fact that she had reached a point where she could distinguish size. What he lacked explained the blows to her body, and soon she couldn’t even feel his clenched hands pounding into her flesh. But she still wasn’t able to run away from what was happening. So she just became a body that was entered and left and entered again until her head turned to a single window that saw the first light of day shining through. Again and again, the same men, the same assaults, repeated in a horrible loop. When the end finally came, truly came, she was still strapped down, and she heard the men laughing and thanking Pete and Matt for the good time. After a door opened and closed, Pete came back forced a bottle of water down her aching throat. Most of the water just dribbled down her chin and bathed her chest. Pete laughed at her inability to swallow and told her that she better hone up for the boys coming tonight. She couldn’t think that far ahead as she was stuffed into the van. She could hear Kim breathing beside her, but there was no point in trying to get a message to her friend. They were doomed, and kindness, intended or motivated by depravity or whatever, was no longer real.
So why did a small part of her want to believe this man?
He seemed nice. He hadn’t raped her. Sure he’d touched her, but only to pull her out of prison and into hiding places, and he kept saying that he was going to find a way out. Julie wanted to trust him, but it was just so hard after everything that had happened.
At least… at least he could tell her about Kim.
“How…?”
He was startled by the sound of her voice, and he stopped and started to take her shoulders. Julie’s mind was too full of other hands, and she shied away from him.
“Sorry,” he said. “What is it?”
She didn’t look into his eyes. She focused on the borrowed shoes on her feet as she pressed him for details.
“How did Kim die?”
Saying it didn’t make it any realer, but Julie had to hear all of it if she there was any hope of understanding.
“I… I don’t know. Not exactly.”
Then she looked at him. So it was one more lie. Like boys that flirted in a diner and talked about fun when they had only evil on their minds.  Julie wanted to blast him for jumping to a conclusion when Ethan kept talking.
“But I saw her, Julie. She wasn’t moving. And they… they were freaking out. They said… they said they had to get rid of her.”
Where was Kim now? Hacked to pieces and scattered in the forest? Dumped in a river until the current wiped away the evidence of what she they had done? Or maybe… maybe she was back in the van. Being taken to a lonely grave where no one would ever pay respects. Julie thought of Kim’s mother. As tense as things always were between them, even she deserved better than that. 
“But she was dead. And that’s why we had to move now. I’m… I’m sorry about your friend.”
It didn’t matter. His sympathy didn’t erase anything. But it still felt good to be out in the night for more than the few seconds when she was tied up and treated like cargo en route to another horrible string of rapists. Julie still thought that they would be found out. Ethan would either be revealed to be the worst of the lot or he would die right in front of her. Julie would see it all, and she would be able to answer the question of his demise with painstaking specifics. And then she would be tied up again, and that would be the rest of her life until someone hit her too hard and she joined Kim. Her mother would weep and worry for the rest of her life. Greg would have his hands full. But Julie would have peace. Death seemed like the only thing that she could look forward to.
Ethan moved away from her, and his eyes searched the woods. He took a few steps forward, and then he laughed.
A chill ran up Julie’s spine.
“Julie! Look!”
She found his eyes. In the distance, there was a house, a cabin, another cabin. Julie imagined it full of other customers who just wanted to keep hurting her, and she started to back away. When Ethan grabbed her wrist, she shuddered but didn’t fight. Ethan only seemed to notice her initial reaction.
“It’s okay. Maybe there’s help inside.”
Ethan smiled at her, but Julie just slipped to his side and allowed him to march her to the cabin’s façade. 
It as a small, quiet structure, and Ethan’s eyes raced around the perimeter. He raised his finger to Julie’s mouth.
“Wait here,” he whispered. “I’m going to check it out.”
He squeezed her hand and was off. Julie was suddenly alone. For a second, she thought of running away from what would undoubtedly prove to be another house of horrors. She couldn’t find freedom, but maybe she could find Kim. Maybe she could remember enough to lead her mother to the spot when she was finally home. Or maybe she could just die with her. Anything was better than waiting for the other shoe.
She was still trapped in a state of indecision when Ethan flew back to her side, his face bright and hopeful.
“It’s clear, Julie. Let’s… let’s go inside. Maybe there’s a phone or… or some food. Are you hungry?”
The summer had been a series of small plates of hard bread and water. Just enough to keep her alive. After her night with the three that seemed as if it would never stop, Julie refused to eat. So Pete shoved the food down her throat, and she choked it down. A part of her wanted to gag on the bread, but another part of her, a rapidly diminishing part, was just hungry. So she ate and drank, and Pete repeated the forced feeding every few days to keep her in the game. So yeah. Julie was starving.
“Julie?”
She walked past Ethan, fully expecting an assault. When she reached the front door, she sensed no movement from within, and she looked down at a knob that had obviously been picked in hope of entry. Her head turned to the porch, and just beyond an unmoving swing was an abandoned nail. Was it just part of the game, or had Ethan really needed to find a way to break in to get them stronger cover?
Ethan ran up the steps. His arm started to circle around her waist, but one look from her eyes sent him back a few steps.
“It’s really okay,” he said. “We won’t… we won’t stay long. Let’s just see what’s inside.”
It would be now. He thought he had eased her to a place where she believed everything he said, and once she was on a couch or a bed, once she was out of his shirt and shoes, he would make her doubt any and all goodness in the world, but Julie opened the door and entered he cabin.
It obviously hadn’t been inhabited for months. There was a layer of dust on a small table, and she saw a cobweb with a spider dangling above the cold fireplace. So much for even something as simple as food when he’d probably just brush the cobweb away by slamming her hair into the collected grime.
Ethan entered and smiled as he lit a single, dusty lamp
“Just so we can see our way around,” he said. “I’ll look for some food.”
He pried open the fridge and swiftly shut it at the scent of something else that she didn’t want to know. Ethan started rifling through the cabinets, and he cried out in triumph when he found a box of crackers. Removing an entire sleeve from the carton, he offered Julie the paltry meal, and she could think of nothing but her stomach as she tore into the plastic and started stuffing the salty squares into her mouth.
“Take it slow,” he said. “You’ll get sick.”
For the first time in months, Julie chewed and savored a meal. Crackers were far from her first choice, but she ate gratefully and swallowed the masticated food down. She had forgotten the need to take her time with sustenance, and when she started to cough, Ethan raced back to the cabinet. She heard a faucet click to attention, and he was before her again with a glass of water. Not wanting one more thing forced down her throat, Julie took the glass and drank of her own volition. When the glass was empty, she returned to the crackers and ate like it was her last meal. It might be. Ethan retrieved the glass that she’d nearly sent crashing into the floor, and he went back to the sink. Again he filled it to the brim. He returned to her and gave her the drink. Julie had forgotten water that wasn’t tainted by plastic and forced into her mouth. Ethan offered, and she was glad to just accept. She drained the glass, and held her hand out for more. Ethan obliged, filled the glass again, but this time he pressed his fingers to the back of her neck as she swallowed. The taste of the cool was so sweet that she didn’t shake his hand away. She just drank, and when she signaled for more crackers, he placed them against her lips. Julie took them in her hands and chewed quickly. Ethan’s hands moved down her back as the food made its way to her stomach. 
When she was somewhat fortified, she swept the crumbs from her lips. Ethan seemed pleased, and he started opening drawers in search of something else.
“There has to be something else. Place like this. Probably hunters just waiting for fall. We’ll…”
As he pulled an entire drawer from its home, there was a shining crash of silverware. Ethan backed away from the spill, but Julie’s eyes caught the blade of a knife. Before she could think of anything else, she took the blade in her hand and pointed it at Ethan.
“Julie---”
“You’re not going to hurt me! I won’t let you!”
Ethan started to move towards her, but Julie kept the knife poised. Ethan’s shoulders fell and he disappeared into the tiny depths of the cabin. She was left with the knife in her hands, but she had nowhere to drive the blade as she heard doors opening and closing. Her fingers curled around the base of the knife. When Ethan came back, she would lunge and stab him. Then she would keep running. Matt and Pete were probably just waiting around the next corner, but she’d have the knife, and she would try to put them off. Julie was beyond a point where she could feel normal, but she’d learn exactly what they had done to Kim. In the end, probably no one but her would know where her friend was and all that had happened, but Julie would pay her respects before she was shoveled into the ground with her.
Ethan reappeared with his hands raised. His eyes lingered on the knife, and he sighed.
“Keep it.”
That was unexpected. Was he that sick or was he something else? Ethan beckoned for her to follow. Julie did as she was told, but she kept the knife poised on the point of attack. They reached the end of a hallway, and Ethan stepped away from an open door.
As she peered inside the unknown room, she saw a half bath and couldn’t help but long for warm, gentle water running down her body. Pete’s idea of a shower was a cold hose that eradicated his customers’ filth and left her shivering as her body to dry in the air until the night returned. Julie ventured into the place of a proper shower and kept the knife in her hand.
“Um….”
She glared at him. Ethan shook his head nervously,
“It’s okay. I said keep it if… if you need it.”
Ethan started away from the door and looked back into the cabin.
“You get cleaned up. I’ll see what else I can find.”
And he was gone. Julie considered running, but she still didn’t fully believe that this was freedom. At least she could be clean, somewhat clean, as Matt and Pete waited in the woods.
Julie stripped off Ethan’s shirt, and she kicked off his shoes. The knife was settled on the floor of the shower, and Julie let the water beat down against her flesh. She saw a forgotten bar of soap, malformed, and she quickly grabbed it. Every scrub under the stream was an attempt to wash the many hands from her body and the memory from her mind. She scrubbed her flesh until it was raw, and she could still feel the fingers invading her skin. She cried again as she realized that even if she got home in one piece, she would never be whole again. She had been robbed of more than her virginity. These monsters had stolen any chance of her being touched without memoires of pain. Julie was a shell of everything that she had hoped, but still she scrubbed and let the water run over her body.
Then there was a knock at the door.
Julie kept the water running as she retrieved a dirty towel and wound it around her broken body. She picked up the knife and eased the door open. She saw Ethan, his eyes averted, and he was holding out a clumsy pile.
“I… I found this.”
Julie took his gift and unfolded it to find a large sweater and a larger gray skirt. She looked to Ethan. His eyes were fixed on an unseen part of the cabin, and Julie sank into despair at the thought that people he’d been in league with from the start were at the front door and just waiting to tear her apart. When Ethan was back in her gaze, he was alone, and Julie breathed a slight sigh of relief. Ethan just stood in the doorway. He eyed the clothing. He eyed the knife in her hands.
If she could move fast, she could push forward and cut him and---
“We might need it. This, too.”
Her eyes were damp as she looked up at him.  He reached under his shirt and pulled out a gun.
“No! No please!”
Ethan set the gun down just outside the door and entered the bathroom.
“Julie. It’s okay. It’s not for you. It’s… it’s for them.”
She saw his face shift for a fleeting second. Maybe he did want Matt and Pete blown away if push came to shove. It didn’t solve the mystery of Ethan, but it was enough for her to believe his intentions in this moment. Julie imagined him laying waste to her familiar captors before taking her into a new hell. All Julie needed was to stay alert for the right moment until she could run.
So she played along.
“Right. Okay.”
Julie dressed in the clothes he had offered. She re-tied his shoes to her feet and stood at attention. When she was fully clothed, Ethan’s gaze went back to the knife, and Julie was quick to stuff it under her waistline. She kept staring at him as he summoned her from the bathroom.
They were back in the main room. Ethan was dumping another box of crackers into a trash bag, and he started back into the night. Julie followed and felt the knife at her thigh.
“What else do you know about him?”
Ethan stopped running and turned to her with a look of confusion.
“Who?”
“Carter.”
She’d heard Pete speak his name, and Carter had returned. Sometimes he was alone, and he ignored her tears as her bound body wriggled under his hands. One night, maybe not so long ago, he had invited an older version of himself to the table, and Julie didn’t even plead as he undid his belt and plowed her hard. At his age, he could be nothing but quick, and he hurt her fast. Julie was grateful for his exit, but the younger one assumed his place and raped her for what seemed like hours. Julie wanted to know more of who they were and how they could do this.
“He’s just a client of mine. Well was. Something tells me the deal is dead.”
“Poor you,” she said through a smirk.
He laughed pathetically.
“Pretty sure they won’t be having me over for dinner again.”
He had broken bread with these bastards. What was that like?
“Who’d they hurt then?”
“No one. I mean, I guess so. Pretty sure this isn’t Melissa’s scene.”
“Who?’
“Geoffrey’s daughter. She’s… she’s engaged to Carter.”
Julie’s stomach turned at the thought of any girl actually wanting to be with Carter. Maybe he was a different man in her bed. He had to be. Did he bed his fiancée with care and laugh to himself when she judged him a gentle lover? Or did she know where he went and what he was really like because she’d been brought up my a man who indulged in the same wicked games?
It was all too horrible to keep contemplating, and she didn’t ask any other questions as she walked away from Ethan. He was quick to catch up, and they didn’t speak as the forest began to thin and a patch of dirt road came into view. 
“Yes!” Ethan cried out.
Julie was startled by his explosion of excitement, and her hand went for the knife as he wheeled around and smiled at her brightly.
“This was how we got here,” he said. “He took this road. Now… now listen to me. We just keep going, and then we’ll be back on the main strip. We’ll… flag someone down or at least my cell will work.”
He dropped the bag of stolen food, and happily grabbed her arms.
“We’re almost---”
She jumped when he touched her, and Ethan quickly released her and pressed his hands to his side.
“Sorry. We’re almost out, Julie. Just… just stay close to me.”
Should she make a run for it now that he had laid out the route? No. Better to wait until someone who hadn’t come to party, whether by choice or by accident, appeared. Then and only then, she might be able to imagine this over.
Ethan was a few feet ahead of her when another pair of arms surrounded her body. Julie let out the beginning of a scream as a clammy hand covered her mouth. Ethan turned back, the gun draw. Struggling, Julie’s eyes drifted over her shoulder. She saw Matt smiling, and she felt the barrel of another gun against her temple.
14
“Drop it, asshole, or she’s dead.”
Ethan’s hands trembled, but he kept the gun aimed at Matt. Julie’s frantic kicks met the air as Matt lifted her off the ground, and she was desperate to pry his hand from her face. Every sound she tried to make came out muffled, but Julie kept screaming into his palm. He said they were almost there, and she prayed that someone would hear.
“I said drop it!” Matt ordered.
Ethan shook his head.
“No. You’re not taking her back there. Let her go.”
Matt’s grip tightened, and his tobacco tinged laugh filled her eyes.
“She’s my property.”
He licked Julie’s ear. She cringed as his slime streaked down her face.
“You got a lot of cock ahead of you until we get you a new sidekick.”
Julie thrashed wildly. How much lower could she fall? Would she be raped round the clock and not even be granted the hollow mercy of sleep? She imagined the assaults continuing on the road, in the van, in between each dark stop. Without even one second to focus on anything but rough hands all over her and men filling her constantly, she would lose what little sanity she could still cling to. 
“Get your hands off of her,” Ethan said as he took a small step forward. Matt pressed the gun deeper into her skin. 
“Why should I do that?”
“Because…”
Ethan hesitated, and she found his eyes. It would be now. He would drop the hero act along with the gun and show his true colors. What would he say? Probably something like because I get her first. This had always been a long con with the payoff being the most awful violation. There were moments when she trusted the stranger who literally gave her the clothes off his back and lied that he would never even conceive of doing what his buddies had, what he was about to do. Closing her eyes, she felt Matt’s hands reach under her sweater and start to twist her breast.
“Stop it! She doesn’t want to be touched.”
And then her eyes went wide. 
He didn’t fulfill her worst fears.  She saw his chin tremble as moved closer with the gun, and she realized that he was trying hard to keep his aim away from her even as Matt held her like a shield. Could she actually trust him? 
“What is your deal?” Matt asked. “You come to party and then get all ancient choir boy and shit?”
“I’m not leaving without her.”
“You’re not leaving period.”
Matt turned his gun on Ethan. The world was moving in slow motion, and Julie tried to tell him to run.
And then she remembered the knife.
Reaching into her skirt, she pulled the blade out of its hiding place. Matt felt her shifting, and his eyes went to her hands. He wrestled Julie to the ground before she could stab him anywhere. The knife started to slip from her grasp, and as her head slammed into the dirt it was gone. 
“Bitch!”
Matt climbed on top of her, and he lost his gun. Pinned by his legs, Julie couldn’t move. Matt claimed the knife and sliced the sharp edge against her cheek. Julie cried out in pain, and she could taste the blood trickling into her mouth. As she struggled, Ethan reappeared. Taking Matt by his shoulders, he pulled the animal off of her, and Julie scrambled away even as her face burned from the cut.
“Run, Julie! Run!”
She was on her feet as the men fought. Matt slashed at Ethan, and she heard him scream as he tried to keep his hands around his gun. Julie slowly got to her feet and made a move to help him.
“No! Run!”
“Ethan---”
“Just go!” 
And she did. Back into the woods.
“No, Julie! Not that way!”
She wasn’t listening. Her legs carried her into the shadows. It was wrong to leave him, but she couldn’t go back. Matt was younger, stronger. In short order he would overpower Ethan and hack him to death or find a way back to his gun and blow his head off. When that happened, Julie had to be as far away from him as possible. She couldn’t go back. She would rather die, and as a shot rang out, a shot that had to be for Ethan, she wished she had the knife again. Not for Matt. She wanted it to open her wrists and then hide until the life drained from her. It was the only way her suffering would ever end. Maybe she could find a jagged stone to complete the task and find another open tree until she was where Kim was. For so long, that had been what she wanted most.
And she also wanted Ethan alive.
He hadn’t hurt her. He had only tried to help her, and now he was dead or dying for just being a good guy when she thought they were a deceased breed. She should go back. Maybe he was only injured and she could duck Matt until she was back on the road.
The road!
In her beleaguered state, she had run back into the thick of it. Pete was out here. He was probably around the next corner. Once he had her subdued, he would bind her with ropes or chains or whatever he had been able to grab before he started his pursuit. He’d call for his friend and they would beat her for her defiance and take her to the next set of customers. So what if she was bloodied and bruised. They could still fuck her and add to the marks that covered her like a second skin. She turned back around and stopped as she saw a shadowy figure approaching.
“No, no!”
Julie gave into despair and fell. She covered her head with her hands and sobbed into her chest. The sight of the figure became sound. Heaving breaths and feet pounding into the earth intensified, and then she felt hands.
“Let me go!”
She tried to pull away, but the hands followed her as she crawled. 
Gentle hands.
Julie looked up and saw Ethan.
His face was masked in sweat and dirt. Julie had to blink at the reality of him. It wasn’t enough. With a shaking hand, she reached for his arm. It was a mass of torn fabric and fresh blood, and he winced as she touched him.
“You’re alive,” she whispered.
He nodded and held the hand that she kept over his wound.
“I’m okay. I’m… oh God.”
He started to touch her bleeding face, but stopped short of true contact.
“You’re hurt,” he stated plainly. Without another word, he tore at her skirt and he pressed a piece to her injured face.
“Where’s Matt?” she asked.
“He won’t hurt you ever again.”
So the bullet was for him. Julie relaxed, and cried tears of joy at the news. In her former life, the life that wasn’t a nightmare, she had no conception of how someone could rejoice at the news of a person leaving the planet. But when the boy in question was a shape without a soul, it was all too easy. Ethan cleaned the blood from her face and told her to take the torn piece of skirt and apply pressure as he started to help her up.
“No. No wait.”
Ethan obeyed and held his arm as she spoke.
“I’m… sorry.”
“Julie, it’s not your fault. None of this---”
“No. I… I thought you were one of them. I thought you would hurt me as soon as you had the chance. I’m sorry I didn’t…”
She cried, unable to continue. Ethan sighed and grazed his fingers against her arm.
“I’m not. I never was. You know that now, right?”
Julie nodded and didn’t recoil at his light touch. She was relieved that he was safe, but for the first time since she’d been taken, she felt something else. There were still good people in a world that had grown increasingly dark, and that one of them had found her and saved her was all that she had dreamed of even as her cheek stung and her body still shuddered at the thought of others using her until she was limp and pleading with no one to hear her cries. Ethan heard them, and he didn’t laugh at the sound. And she repaid him by running away and leaving him to face down the man who started the cycle of torment all alone. It could have gone the other way, and Ethan could be dead just because he wanted to save her. He didn’t deserve that. And he didn’t deserve her mistrust.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”
She kept repeating it over and over again. Ethan gritted his teeth and lifted her off the ground. He wrapped a tentative arm around her shoulder and kept the pressure on her bleeding face.
“No more, Julie. Let’s just get you home.”
Home.
What would it be like? Ethan said that no one was looking for her, so maybe she had been forgotten before she left. That didn’t fit with her mother, and she wondered if Pete had used her cell phone to fire off texts that told tales of an odyssey that was more than she had ever dreamed of. Was that really enough to keep her mom from calling for help? Days and then weeks and then months without the sound of her daughter’s voice? Julie was unnerved by the idea, but it was crazy. Her mother would meet her in some police station or hospital room and cry at what had happened to her only child. And she wanted to cry in her arms.
Ethan led her back to the patch of road, and Julie pressed her head into his shoulder when she saw Matt. He was dead, looking into nothingness, and it was awful. Ethan dragged her from the body.
“Don’t look, Julie. He doesn’t deserve your eyes.”
She focused forward and felt the summer leaving her. Pete was probably running around like a madman far away, and Ethan’s words would come to pass. They would find the road and a car or a cell signal and the nightmare would just stop. Their feet hit the pavement, and a pair of headlights peeked over the horizon.
Ethan’s hold became stronger, and Julie didn’t fight it.
“Almost, Julie.”
He left her side and started waving his arms in an effort to flag the car down. It slowed to a halt, and the lights went dark. Julie narrowed her eyes and watched someone put the car into park and open the door. The Good Samaritan was barely out of the car when Julie realized that she knew the driver, and she instinctively reached for Ethan and pulled him back to her side.
“No! No it’s Pete!”
Ethan pressed her behind him, and Julie could think of nothing else but to cling to him as her captor met the moonlight and pointed a gun at the quivering pair.
To her surprise, Ethan still had his gun, and he retrieved it from his side. He moaned as he tried to aim it at Pete, but his torn arm seemed too much to get past. Julie sprang into action and moved to keep his aim steady. Ethan fell to the pavement, and Julie was left with the gun in her hands as Ethan coughed at her feet and Pete kept moving forward.
“Jules, Jules, Jules. You’ve been a bad girl. You’re going to pay.”
“Get away from her,” Ethan said.
A glance at the ground revealed that his wound was worse than he had led her to believe. His blood pooled at her feet, and Julie tossed him the bloody bit of skirt.
“Hold it. Keep pressure on it.”
Ethan listened, and then he started crawling towards Pete.
“You touch her and I’ll… I’ll kill you. I swear… I swear…”
Ethan groaned and sputtered as Pete laughed. With his gun fixed on Ethan, he laughed and cocked the weapon. 
“Pete!”
His eyes met the sound of her voice, and she aimed the gun at his head.
“Right, Jules. You’re gonna kill me?”
“Why not? Ethan killed Matt.”
She saw his face turn away in disbelief. They were friends. Sick friends, but it had to hurt. Good. She wanted it to hurt forever, and she wanted him to suffer. She wanted to see him in chains and tossed into a dark cell. Let a rusty scalpel slowly tear the infection from his body. The thought of Pete raped in a prison shower as he cried for mercy and disgusted guards turned a blind eye was so tempting. And she could make it happen.
Pete aimed his gun at Ethan’s head.
“So I’ll return the favor. Now get those clothes off and get into the car. And I’ll let him see tomorrow.”
It was a lie. Everything he had ever said was a lie, and Julie knew that Pete would kill Ethan as soon as her back was turned and do with him whatever he had done with Kim. Kim was dead. Julie had to survive this to tell someone what had happened. To find the body. To save Ethan.
“Jules?”
And she fired.
The bullet smashed into his leg, and he fell back. As he flailed, he lost his gun, and his head slammed into the hood of his darkened car. He screamed like a girl, like she had screamed for so many nights, and as his hand reached for his gun, Julie kicked it away and forced the barrel of her gun down his throat. Julie drove the gun deeper and glared into his eyes.
“I should kill you. I should---”
Ethan’s moan sent her away from Pete. His arm was covered in blood, and she removed her sweater and twisted the wool around his cut.
“Such a slut, Jules. Always.”
Because he had made a slut. A whore. She wrenched forward and pounded the butt of her gun into his head. He flinched at each blow, and his hands reached for the gun that she clung to with all the strength she had left. Pete got his fingers around the trigger, and Julie felt the gun lowering into her chest. 
A shot rang out.
Pete screamed again as his other leg exploded with a stream of new blood. His hands worked like mad to stop the flow, and Julie crawled back to Ethan. His hands were filled with the stray gun, and he lowered the weapon when Julie returned to his side.
“Ethan? You okay?”
He nodded and reached into his pocket. He revealed his cell and smiled.
“There’s a signal. Call for help.”
She held his hand and dialed 911.
15
Connie Morales walked through a squad room on fire. The case was out of bounds. Raped girls and busted men many jurisdictions over. She poured herself a cup of stale coffee, folded a series of fresh files under her arm, and settled into an interview room.
Leo Barber was waiting.
“Hey, Morales.”
She settled in the seat before him and started to unfurl the facts of the case.
“No hello?”
Morales didn’t have time for pleasantries. This was big. 
“He’ll live. I spoke to him last night. He told quite a story.”
Leo’s interest was piqued.
“Share.”
Morales sipped her coffee and sighed.
“He’s a lump. Wrong place wrong time kind of thing. Geoffrey Troxel on the other hand…”
She shoved a picture of the rich man in Leo’s direction, and he smirked.
“So it’s true.”
Morales retrieved the picture with a wicked smile.
“He’s not talking. But the one they shot? Peter Bowen.”
Another picture. An ancient mug shot on account of a DUI in Florida showed a different face from the one now lying, restrained in a hospital bed. The picture was proud and silent. The man today spilled at the first chance. He promised the entire ring for immunity, but Morales wasn’t biting. She’d seen Julie Edwards sobbing as her mother cried more wildly as the details of her daughter’s captivity came into play. And she’d met Ethan Graff. His one arm was weak as he asked about Julie.
“She’s down the hall, Mr. Graff. She’s receiving the best care.”
It wasn’t home, but it was sterile. Her family was with her, and everyone, suspect Bowen included, would return to the city to face the consequences of the night. Ethan Graff relaxed when he heard that Julie Edwards was near and safe, and he started to pull out his IV in what had to be an effort to get back to her side.
“Mr. Graff, you should stay still.”
She lowered Ethan back to his pillow, and he groaned at his bandage. Morales took his hand.
“She’s fine, Mr. Graff. She’s with her family. It’s over.”
Morales saw Ethan relax even as she could tell that he just wanted to see her. He cried, and Morales felt strange as she patted his neck and told him that Julie Edwards would be okay.
“She’s with her family?” Ethan asked.
Morales nodded.
“Good,” he said as he settled under his sheets.
“I… can I see her before I leave.”
“Sure.”
Ethan Graff seemed pleased, and he gave into exhaustion as she left the room.
“So?”
Morales was back with Leo. Like a dog who’d tasted a bone, his muzzle was wet with the hope of landing a millionaire and his spawn by association. Leo had to be dreaming of others who’d fight and plead from the defense table, and she knew that Leo would look each and every one of the bastards in the eye until they were all sent to cells with no hope of escape. 
“Who else?”
Julie Edwards was soft-spoken, and she trembled as Morales clenched her fists and reminded her that it wasn’t just the indicted men, holed up in a lavish penthouse, that had laid waste to her. 
“Can’t you just leave her be. She’s told you all she knows,” her stepfather cried.
That was the problem. Geoffrey Troxel and Carter McCord were already launching a defense as this girl and the broken man down the hall spun tales of months of torture. In some circles, the praises of Ethan Graff rang out as heroic even as there was nothing to show for his efforts but two names, one raped girl, and a body that had yet to be uncovered. Search teams were looking for the remains of one Kim Beyer, and her mother called daily for updates. 
But there had to be more to tell.
“So we don’t know how deep this thing goes.”
Leo leaned over the table and took her Styrofoam cup in his hand.
“Yet.”
This was why she liked Leo. He was an arrogant asshole in suspenders and a bowtie, but he wouldn’t stop until he saw justice done, and a rape ring was right up his alley of the worst things ever done to another person.
“And the shot creep?”
“He’s starting to talk. Says this thing is bigger than we even know. He’s…”
Morales’ voice trailed off, but Leo pressed his palms into the desk.
And he continued.
“What, Connie?”
She wished she hadn’t even heard it. The son of a bitch with shattered legs promised to reveal all if, and only if, his scared victim was left alone with him so that he could tell all and thus close the case. 
Morales had spent several hours in the company of Julie Edwards. She was a broken frame that shook off all human contact, but she kept asking for Ethan.
“He’s okay, Julie. He---”
“He was there,” her mother yelled as she pulled their hands apart.
“He was one of them. He was----”
“Mom?”
Julie Edwards took her mother’s hand. 
“He saved me. I… I want to see him.”
Sharon Heller, the mother who kept asking how much of this would get out, shook her head. But Morales took Julie’s hand.
“He’s been saying the same thing. You’ll see him soon.”
“Do you thing that’s wise?” Sharon asked.
Leo scanned the files. Morales knew that rapists needed to be put away so that they could know the pain of their victims. Bum legs aside, she knew that Peter Bowen had led the victim into months of despair, and she wanted him to suffer.
Leo’s eyes told another story.
He wanted Troxel and McCord. He wanted to expose the upper crust and send them down into the deepest pit. Morales didn’t protest his intentions even as she wanted to know how this had happened to two girls who planned a trip and found misery.
“I want the mastermind, Morales.”
 16
Julie was alone. 
Since she’d been home, her life had become an endless stream of questions, and she was forced to tell the story of her shame over and over again. First there were the local cops. Initially they listened like they were humoring a crazy person. Forced sex clubs in their neck of the woods? Not in their town. The leader of the pack scribbled her story on a notepad and told his boys to check the woods from which she had emerged to see if there actually was a cabin with chains and blood. Julie shuddered as she imagined the place wiped clean of all evidence. That was her captors’ style, and she couldn’t even begin to tell them where to look for Kim.
A blonde officer soon returned to the hospital and motioned for his Lieutenant to climb out from behind the curtain where Julie’s gowned body was about to be invaded to see if there was other evidence to match her story. Julie never should have showered, but the water had been so inviting.
When the lieutenant returned, he carried a small box.
“Sorry, Miss,” he said as he removed the lid.
And there it was. A collection of still shots that revealed Julie and Kim repeatedly abused. The shiny discs in the mix had to contain moving records of the endless assaults. So Pete and Matt had finally slipped. A part of Julie was relieved that there was more than her word to tell the tale. But she was also faced with the idea that the images could be shared, and she wondered how many nameless hands would vicariously violate her from the safety of their tablets. 
“I… uh. We’re starting a search for your friend.”
Would they ever be successful? 
Soon her parents arrived. Sharon Heller gasped at the sight of her daughter, thin and pale and shaking. Julie sobbed as she reached for her mother’s embrace. 
“Mom?”
“Oh my, Julie. What…? How…?”
So she told her about Kim and the diner and the strangers who seemed so sweet before they revealed their cold hearts.
Sharon Heller’s eyes moistened, and she kept twisting her head from side to side in what Julie took for a futile effort to make it all untrue. Julie’s description was far too detailed to be invented, and when she could no longer bear to continue, she fell into her mother’s breast and actually wanted to be touched, to be held.
Sharon cried softly as she awkwardly wrapped her arms around her daughter. The warm assurance that everything would be alright now was quickly replaced by the feeling that she’d done something wrong. Julie looked up into her mother’s eyes, and they regarded her like a creature for which she’d have to constantly explain and excuse once the lurid story ultimately made its way out to the world. Sharon pulled away, seemingly unable to be so close to her only child. She clung to Greg, and he smoothed his hands down her quaking back. Sharon trembled at the effect but couldn’t bring herself to console the cause.
But Greg touched Julie.
He grabbed her face and stroked her arms as he demanded answers once Sharon excused herself for some air.
“Did they tell you who they worked for?”
“Worked for?” Julie confusedly asked.
“Operation like that. They… they have to answer to someone. Who arranged it? Do you know, Julie?” 
She did not. Not really. There was the heated confrontation after Ethan shielded her within the tree. Something about shit hitting the fan if she made it to the light of day. Julie was so lost and still so scared that she shared as much with Greg. Maybe he would hold her and tell her that there was nothing to worry about, that she was finally safe.
But Greg kept pressing.
“Why would they say that? What do you know, Julie? What did you see?”
She had seen a world where there was nothing but darkness. She had seen her trust and felt her body desecrated. Wouldn’t someone tell her that she didn’t have to be afraid anymore?
“Think, Julie! For God’s sake!”
She tried to tell herself that it made sense. It was like Ethan. He wanted to know everything so that he could best plan his revenge. But Julie had nothing else to offer but the bare facts of the story. When Julie could shed no further light on why her, why Kim, Greg pulled away from her and stepped outside her door. She heard him make a phone call, and once he had someone on the other end of the line, he stepped out of her earshot. Julie started to cry as a soft spoken nurse entered with a smile and told her that she would soon give her something to help her sleep.
Julie washed herself as clean as possible and felt a warm blanket spread across her aching body. But she was still filthy. If Kim was here, if they could just see each other and share the awful memories, there would be someone who could make her feel less dirty. But Kim wasn’t coming back. 
And after a futile effort to sleep despite the nurse’s drugs, Kim’s mother appeared.
Amanda Beyer was obviously on something as she entered Julie’s hospital room. Julie couldn’t blame her for the need to hide from what was now the most horrifying reality.
“Mrs. Beyer.”
Amanda stared vacantly at Julie before moving to the room’s single window. It was raining, and Amanda ran her hands down the streaming glass.
“Mrs. Beyer, are you okay?”
Amanda looked back at Kim with a quivering lip and a twitching eye. 
“Why did you make her go?”
“What?”
“She had a future. She had a job. You took her away from all that? Because you had nothing, and…”
Amanda broke down. Even as Julie’s heart stung at the revelation that Kim’s plan had been laid at Julie’s feet and now there was no one but Julie to dispute her version of events, she wanted to tell Amanda Beyer that she, like her, had loved her daughter. Struggling from the hospital bed, Julie tried to touch Amanda’s face. But Kim’s mother swatted her hand away and slumped into a chair.
What was she supposed to do? Should she lie and say that it was her idea but that she had no way of knowing where the road trip would lead? It might preserve something of Amanda’s suddenly revised memory of her child. Deep down, she had to know Kim had never done a single thing without her own consent, and Julie had spent enough hours in the Amanda’s company to have fully assumed the role of follower to Kim’s leader. But she played along to comfort the grieving mother.
“I loved, Kim. She was like a sister to me. And I… I never would have asked her to go if I’d known… if I’d known this.”
Julie could think of nothing else to do, and she lowered her gown. She revealed her shoulders permanently scarred by the cracks of whips against her flesh. No amount scrubbing would ever take them away. The pictures that others might see were nothing compared to the marks that she would have to face for the rest of her life as her skin grew old and wrinkled. But the scars would stay. 
Amanda stood, and her eyes widened when she saw Julie’s transformed body. Julie wanted her to understand that both girls were caught in a situation from which there was no escape, and maybe Amanda would take Julie into her arms and comfort her as she would have her daughter were their current, permanent, roles reversed.
“Mrs. Beyer? I’m---”
She slapped Julie’s face. Julie buckled under blow and reached for the edge of the bed. Amanda Beyer reached into her purse and pulled out a flask. Whatever she drank mingled with the pills that were already altering her brain, and she wiped her mouth as she glared at Julie.
“She should be here now. She was a princess. Smart, full of potential. Nothing like you.”
Julie tried to tell herself that Amanda didn’t mean it, that she was just shattered by what had happened to her little girl. But maybe it was true. Maybe Julie was nothing, and she should be the one in the ground.
“I’m… I’m so sorry.”
Amanda Beyer started to lung forward, but then the nurse, mercifully, returned.
“Ma’am? You need to leave.”
“Why? So you can make this one all better?”
“I’m not going to ask you again.”
“No one’s gonna fix, Kim? Because of you. You should be dead, you spoiled bitch!”
Julie couldn’t fight back the sobs as the nurse ushered Amanda out of the room with a hushed voice that simply said that she needed to go. 
“You should be,” Amanda cried again as she was removed from Julie’s line of sight.
Julie climbed back into the bed and pressed the sheets around her body. She cried softly as the light from the window turned from pale to dark. 
Because of her circumstances, Julie was given the privilege of a private room. Except for the nurses that poured in to check on her and asked if she needed anything, Julie was all but abandoned in the darkness. It wasn’t what she had expected. Despite all that had been done to her, she needed people to tell her that it was finally okay, that she could get back to normal. Her mom and Greg were gone. Amanda Beyer was gone. Kim was never appearing, and Julie sobbed into her pillow as the room grew darker.
When she was being held against her will, the one place she could slip away to and try to forget or pretend the worst wasn’t really happening to her was the dream world. She didn’t so much fall asleep once the van came to a halt and she was dumped in a murky room before the next round of customers made their way to wherever they now were. Julie passed out on account of the total exhaustion after being used so roughly and for so long. Sometimes the escape was just a black void where no one was hitting or raping her even as she still cried for someone to show her a shred of compassion. Other times, she was back in combinations of places that made little to no sense but were still preferable to the place where she was trapped. In one dream, the steps to her grandmother’s front porch bled into the lecture hall from her first college class. Another time she was before her father’s coffin, but when she turned away, she was heading down a mall’s escalator. The people that she’d see there mash-ups were only vaguely familiar, but for the most part they stared blankly as she walked by them. A vision of her father found its way into this mix. When she awoke, Julie recalled wanting to speak to him, to ask him for some kind of help, but the space of the dream kept her silent. Still, she took some comfort in the brief reprieve from her torment. Very brief. Without fail, she always awoke to the nightmare renewed.
Julie was dreaming again. Clad in her hospital gown, attached to an IV drip, Julie made her way down a shadowy hallway that in no way resembled the hospital just outside her recent room. She could hear the whirring of a motor in the distance and the clanging of pipes. A scream pierced the air, and Julie started back to her room. Dragging the IV drip, Julie felt like she was trudging through mud. She wanted to run faster, she knew that she could, but suddenly each step was a supreme effort, and Julie reached the point where she wasn’t moving at all. As she tried to pry her feet from the floor, she felt a hand touch her hair. Turning her head in slow motion, she saw Pete, standing straight and tall on uninjured legs. Julie tried to scream, but no sound came out. She could barely shake her head. Expecting to be seized, waiting for him to double her over with a punch and heave her over his shoulder, Julie was surprised when he simply smiled and pointed down the hallway. Then he began to move from her side. There was a brief second of relief before Julie found that she had regained the ability to move her legs, and as if being pulled by an invisible string, Julie followed him. As much as she struggled to stop again or at least change directions, the faster she moved, and she did not halt until Pete opened a door. She peered into a new room and saw a horde of men waiting for her in various states of undress with evil grins stretching across their collective faces. She felt cold and looked down to see her hospital gown gone. But the IV drip remained.
“Keep it for the pain,” he said as he shoved her into room. Julie felt as if she was falling and everything went black as the hands were everywhere. The palm on her shoulder felt more real than the others, and Julie desperately tried to push it away as her voice finally returned.
“Go away!”
“Julie---”
“Get away from me!”
“Julie.”
The hand surrounded her entire shoulder and shook her, gently. Julie was pulled from the dream and she blinked when she realized where she was and who he was.
“Ethan?” she finally whispered.
“Hey. You okay?”
“I…”Her voice trailed off as tears fell from her eyes. 
“Bad dream?” he asked.
Julie could only nod at him.
“I know about those.”
“Do you?” Julie asked softly.
Now Ethan nodded. As Julie’s gaze drifted over him, she noticed his arm suspended in a sling.
“Your arm,” she said.
He brushed it off like it was nothing and started to ease a chair to her bedside with his good arm. He was about to sit when he suddenly stopped himself. Julie was unsure exactly what he was waiting for, but she knew without question that she no longer wanted to be alone.
“Is this… is it okay with you?”
And she liked that he asked. For days now, people came, people went. Everyone had questions masking what trumped her real concerns. So what if she didn’t want to talk to a counselor but did want her mother to look at her like she was something more than a stained garment that could never be unsoiled. 
Ethan didn’t look at her like that.
“Sorry,” he started when she stayed silent. “Maybe… maybe I shouldn’t be here,” he said.
No. That wasn’t true. He had every right to be back. He was the one that had had pulled her out of the pit, and Julie needed to know that he was alright. But more than that, she wanted to be close to someone who could understand what had happened to her. Even at her lowest, Julie had believed that she would have Kim to share the story, and while one night in hell was nothing compared to endless days, Ethan had seen what had happened and fought hard against it. Him just sitting here was more than she’d had just moments before. 
“No. I…I’m glad you are.”
As he smiled, she looked at his arm.
“Ethan.”
Saying his name felt nice. He started to take her hand and just as quickly was back on his feet. Was he just someone else that was about to leave her feeling dirty? She folded her hand under the bed linens and turned her head as she started to cry.
Ethan lingered with his eyes lowered at the foot of her bed. When he saw her weeping, he didn’t ask for an invitation, but he also didn’t return to the chair.
“Sorry. I… I shouldn’t have touched you. I---”
He was silenced when Julie met his eyes. Ethan’s hand reached for her, but he kept his fingers just above her face.
Julie shook her head and offered her hand.
“I… I know you’re not like them. I really know that now. Please.”
She was so desperate for a kind hand on a small part of her broken body. Ethan’s touch had never been anything but, and in the wake of the other hands and eyes that all seemed to blame her for having the bad luck to stop for lunch and never return to the road, she wanted Ethan to hold her hand. He obliged and sat. Julie sighed and relaxed. His hand was exactly how she had remembered it. Strong. Sure. She couldn’t bear the idea of it in the places that were ruined by other hands, but like this was nice. 
“Thank you,” she said.
“For this?” he asked.
Julie closed her eyes and remembered everything that he had done for her. He wasn’t one of them, one of the many who never had any intention of stopping her suffering if it meant another chance of finding her bound and helpless. Not Ethan. He rescued her. He removed her from the dungeon and saw her through the last night. He had killed for her. And she knew nothing but his first name. And the fact that something had happened that turned his memory and his stomach at the sight of what she was being forced to do.
Julie was grateful that he had just been there.
“For everything,” she finally said. “You saved me.”
Ethan smiled and curled his fingers around hers. 
“It’s nothing. Juliet.”
She blinked at the mention of her true name. How did he know? Again her mind started to fill with thoughts that he was setting her up for something, but Ethan just shifted his eyes to the chart resting against the foot of her bed.
“I can read.”
Julie was able to smile as she turned her head into his hand.
“Sorry. It’s just… it’s just...”
She couldn’t go on. She was exhausted from all that she had endured, and having to relive it was proving even more daunting.
“I know.”
As he kept his hand in hers, Julie realized that she didn’t have to explain what had happened. He was the first that knew outside of her abductors’ circle, and he had seen enough to connect the dots. She liked this. It was nice to be with someone who didn’t require her explanations. It was nice to just be with him.
Ethan smiled down at her.
“Is it okay?’
“Is what okay?”
“Can I… can I call you Juliet? It’s pretty. And…”
He closed his eyes and struggled to continue.
“And… and they probably never called you that. Can… can I?”
In every way she liked the sound of it. It was her name, so long shortened and forgotten, but it sounded right as it passed through his lips, and she lifted her hand to his face. She had his eyes again, and she smiled.
“Call me Juliet. I... I want to be someone else.”
Julie pressed her hand to his cheek and she sighed at his touch. His hand left her fingers, and he slowly reached for her hair.
“I told you I’d do it. I told you you’d get back home.”
Home. Home was nothing that she had imagined. Home was supposed to be welcoming embraces and a chance to leave the torment behind and a world where she didn’t suffer. Instead, it was cold eyes and hands that only touched her to search for DNA samples or eyes that either turned away in horror or glared at her with accusations. It was nothing that she had hoped for. Naturally she had no desire to go back, but she still wanted to get away.
Until now.
“Yes. I…”
Julie couldn’t continue.
She wanted to keep talking to him, but the recent horrors were still so near, and she couldn’t say anything else. Julie just cried, and Ethan managed to lift her from the pillow. How many times had he picked her up and carried her on? Now there was no need to run, and now she finally accepted his arms without any objection.
“Shhh. You don’t have to say it. I know.”
He did. Now that Kim was gone, he was the only one that could understand without endless explanations, and Julie wanted him near.
It was so wrong, but Julie suddenly wanted to know why he knew that she had to be rescued. Why did he have bad dreams? 
“Why…?”
She stopped herself. Julie couldn’t do him like she had been done. Interrogations were almost as brutal as rape, and she eased her head back to her pillow even as her hand stayed in his.
“What, Juliet?”
Julie turned her head back to his eyes. If he had looked at her with muted rage at being forced to share his past, she would had brushed her question aside and inquired about something as banal as his room and when he was going home. But Ethan’s gaze was steady. Julie found more than the strength to press the point. She sensed him wanting to tell another story. Had the time gone by given him the courage to share? Or had he never told the entire tale and could, wanted to, now that he knew that he wasn’t alone?
“What happened to you?” she asked.
Ethan looked to the window. For a second, she thought she was losing him to a bad call, but then Ethan spoke as he clutched her hand tighter.
“I… I was a kid.”
So he was like her. He had been young and impressionable and easily fooled by liars. Julie started to imagine a scenario where he had undergone her torments. 
But Ethan’s story was his own.
“They broke in. Three guys. They…”
With his hand still in hers, Julie could feel him tremble, and she leaned up and awkwardly reached for his face.
“It’s okay, Ethan.”
There was something about being on the outside looking in. Her own horror was too much to contemplate. It was sick, but she needed to know that others had endured and come out intact if she had any hope of following his lead.
“I was asleep. I didn’t hear them come in. I just…”
Julie’s hands recoiled as he drew nearer. It wasn’t the man. It was an instinct that still told her that all men belonged in another place. Ethan pulled back. When Julie saw him horrified at the thought of hurting her, he left her hand and started out of his seat. Julie watched him pace the room, but he still told the story.
“I was out like a rock,” Ethan said. “I woke up, and…”
Ethan moved to the window and watched the rain as it slowed to a stop. His eyes were fixed on something that Julie couldn’t see but knew, and she couldn’t move as his uninjured arm reached around his neck, and he turned his head to Julie.
“When I woke up, my parents were dead. Their blood was under my feet. I… I tried to kick it away. But… but my feet were tied. And…”
The murders of his parents were one thing. Julie imagined it a small consolation that they didn’t have to see what Ethan saw, what came next. Ethan was left alone to bear witness to a moment that would force his eyes open to the reality of what life could become.
“And I… I saw my sister. They… they were… they were on top of her. In her. It was all night. She… she kept looking to me for some help. I… struggled. At first. But it was useless. I couldn’t save her. I… just had to watch.”
Julie left her bed and moved to the window. Ethan’s voice was lost as he cried into his arm. Julie wanted to hold him. No one had really held her except him, but she could only press her fingers, delicately, to his back.
It was enough for Ethan to keep going.
“I… I watched them. I couldn’t help her. When… when they finally left, she…”
He abandoned the window and moved into the room as he rubbed his good hand through his hair.
“Ethan?”
He ignored her as he kept talking.
“She was still alive. She was. I… I don’t know. I finally broke free. I touched her hair. She didn’t move. She…”
He slammed his uninjured hand into the wall. The plaster didn’t break. But there was a mark. Ethan saw what he had done and rushed from the point of impact. He started for the door, and Julie moved to keep him at her side.
“Ethan?”
They were close enough to touch, but Julie didn’t take his hand. She just stood before him and met his eyes. This was wrong, but she wanted, she needed to focus on a fate worse than hers, a fate like Kim’s. More than that, she wanted to help Ethan as he had helped her. Julie owed him that much.
She was able to take his hand, and she tried to lead him back into the room. Ethan was still, and she was reminded of the woods. Ethan had pulled her when she was defeated and ready to succumb to the return of the nightmare. But he hadn’t, so she hadn’t. Now Julie was disgraced in a place that was supposed to be home. And Ethan knew what that was like. His terrified memory was suddenly the only thing that she had to hold onto.
“Tell me the rest, Ethan.”
Ethan started away from her, but Julie found the strength to take his arm and bring him back to her bedside. She settled him in the chair and sat with her hands in his. Ethan tensed, but Julie returned his favor from the forest and stayed close to him.
“Ethan, it’s… it’s okay.”
He pressed her hand to his and narrowed his gaze to her eyes.
“She hung on for… for three weeks. I… I stayed awake the entire time. Even without coffee. I…. I just wanted to be there when she opened her eyes.”
He didn’t have to say anything else. Ethan’s sister never looked back at him. 
“And when she was gone… I don’t know. I was… I was lost.”
Julie hated latching onto his pain in an effort to feel normal, but he was here, and Julie wanted the sensation. She wanted to hold him, but she couldn’t make that step. With his hand in hers, she ran one finger over his wrist.
“I’m sorry, Ethan.”
He sprung back to the life, and she could recognize the need to share that returned his eyes to hers.
But he was already on a different path.
“No. Julie… Juliet.”
He spoke her full name carefully as if he would break it if he didn’t pay homage to the true name. Julie wanted to relieve him of his anguish, and she touched his face as she envisioned a dead girl that could have been her, that was Kim.
“It was… it is awful. But right now, I’m just worried about you.”
Julie searched his face for a way to understand how he was still here and functioning and talking like a human being. How had he survived the experience without completely cracking? Julie wondered if there was some secret to being the one left behind.
“How do you do it?” she pressed him “How do you go on?”
“Most of the time I just stay alone. It’s… it’s easier.”
Julie pictured him quiet in a dark room, hiding from the world, hiding from his past. It seemed as good a solution as any, and Julie envisioned concealing herself in her lonely bedroom to ward off the memories of too many nights.
Still…
“You didn’t stay alone on Saturday night.”
Ethan’s face went red, and he started to pull away, but Julie didn’t let his hand go.
“No. Don’t go. I didn’t mean---”
“I never would have gone if I’d known.”
“I know. And… however you came. I’m just glad you did.”
The smile returned to his face, but he still started to stand.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
“You should try to get some sleep.”
She shuddered at the thought of becoming trapped in another nightmare.
“How do you get past the bad dreams?” she asked.
“Me? I sort of just avoid dreams altogether.”
Julie considered following his lead and staying awake for hours and nights and weeks on end. Always being tired seemed a fair tradeoff to always being scared. Ethan resumed his seat and gently rubbed her arm.
“But you should try to rest.”
She knew he was right, and her eyes were heavy. 
“Can you stay?” she asked. He ran his hand over her face.
“I’ll be here when you wake up.”
17
Julie slept. Not soundly or deeply, and she was always aware of the room around her and Ethan at her side. But she did rest, and she never would have if he hadn’t stayed. At one point her eyes fluttered open. He was in the chair, his eyes gazing out the window. Anyone else would have shuffled where they sat, folded and unfolded arms in search of the best position, tried to make hands function as pillows, and groan when there was no sleep to be found. Ethan looked tired but not uncomfortable in his present circumstance. When he looked at her, when he saw her looking at him, he leaned forward and patted her cheek with a caring hand and whispered to her that she was finally safe.
As the night became the morning and the space outside the room started to buzz with more activity, Julie rolled on to her side and stretched her arms. The movement stirred Ethan, and he pulled his chair closer to the bed with a smile.
“Good morning.”
“Hey,” she whispered.
Julie turned her head towards the wall. Just after 8. And if she had the day right in her mind…?
“It’s… Thursday morning?” she asked.
“Right.”
Thursday so close to Friday just around the corner from Saturday. Soon it would be an entire week since she’d taken flight from the dungeon, and she remembered the doctor speaking to the kindly nurse who had been her champion in the wake of Amanda Beyer’s tirade. If everything checked out according to plan, this would be the day when Julie would get to leave and finally see her home. Julie could picture her bedroom exactly as she had left it, and she hoped that sight of something familiar would turn home from more than a word or a desire into a feeling that she now craved above all else.
Because she wasn’t getting that feeling from her mother.
Ethan stayed in the room but moved off to the side as Julie’s vitals were checked and she was brought a tray of oatmeal, apple, graham muffins, and a small carton of milk. The nurse told Ethan that he should return to his room, but he said he was fine, said he wasn’t hungry. The nurse looked from Ethan to Julie and back again. Having been told the story and knowing Ethan’s part in the rescue, she didn’t argue with his request to stay. Once she was out, Ethan closed the door and sat again.
“You don’t sleep, you don’t eat. How do you survive?” Julie asked.
“I manage. Don’t worry about it.”
She examined the food before her. Julie had been so hungry for so long that the stale crackers recovered by Ethan had tasted like the warmest loaf of just-baked bread. But her appetite was also lessening with each passing meal. Everything she had looked forward to wasn’t coming to pass, could never come to pass, so what did it matter if she ate or didn’t? This morning was different. Not only was she hungry again, but she wanted to share the meal with someone else.
And she wouldn’t take no for an answer.
“Here,” she said as she broke one of the muffins in half and offered him a butter patty.
“I’m good. Seriously.”
“I’d rather not eat alone. Please. I owe you a meal. Among other things.”
Ethan accepted the muffin and took a healthy bite. Julie waited as if she was the baker of the goods to see if he approved of the taste.
“That’s actually not too bad,” he said as he wiped a few stray crumbs from his mouth. Happily, Julie bit into her half. Not too sugary with just a trace of honey. It was good. They ate in silence until Julie opened the milk carton. After taking a sip, she wiped the tip of the straw with a napkin and passed him the drink.
“Wouldn’t want you to catch anything,” Julie said.
Ethan cocked his head to the side.
“If we’re being honest, Juliet, I think we’re the past the point where some spit is going to make either one of us uncomfortable.”
He slurped the milk down and placed the carton back on the tray, wiping nothing. He was right. The man had seen her naked, and she’d worn his clothing. Julie was struck by the thought that there was something infinitely more intimate in the night they’d spent together than the hours forced into submission as other men entered places most private. So they shared the muffin and the milk and the apple. The oatmeal was left untouched.
“Thursday,” she repeated after taking her last bite. “I’m supposed to go home today.”
“Me, too.”
“Oh. Where’s that?” she asked, privately hoping that wherever it was wasn’t too far. 
“In the city.”
And she breathed a sigh of relief. Not that she would see much of him with the exception of the legal proceedings destined to get underway, but it was nice to know that he was just a train ride away.
“You?” Ethan asked.
“Jersey.” 
“Oh that’s… sorry.”
“What were you going to say?”
“Nothing. I just. Well… they took you. But… but you never said where they took you from.”
Julie caught a trace of all she was feeling in his eyes. He liked the idea that she wasn’t about to cross the country to return to her own bed. She smiled wider, and Ethan leaned forward and touched the bandage about her cheek.
“Does it hurt?” he asked.
“Not as much. None of it hurts as much. I… I really can’t thank you enough for what you did.”
Blushingly, his head dropped to his chest.
“It was nothing.”
“It was everything. I’d be dying or dead if you hadn’t come along. You’re a good man. Don’t let anyone ever tell you anything else.”
His hand moved towards her again. Just as his fingers encircled her wrists, the door swung open. Julie turned to see her mother and a small suitcase waiting just outside the room. Upon seeing Ethan, upon seeing him so close to Julie, she looked startled and couldn’t decide whether to come or go.
“Mom. Hi.”
Sharon finally came through the door and dropped the suitcase at the foot of Julie’s bed. With a short nod, she acknowledged her daughter’s presence before turning all of her attention to Ethan.
“Mr. Graff?”
On cue, Ethan was up and extending his hand. Sharon took it gingerly. 
“Ma’am. I…”
Julie watched him struggle for something appropriate to say. Nice to meet you or how are you just didn’t fit when facing a woman whose only child had been abducted and tortured and would have died were it not for his intervention. Sharon should express unending gratitude for all Ethan had done and what he had risked. Emerging from the forest with a busted arm and Julie’s life deserved tears and Sharon’s arms around his neck and thank you in an infinite loop.
“Yes,” Sharon said quietly. “My husband and I are most appreciative.”
What the hell was wrong with her? This was supposed to be the woman who loathed the idea of the trip in the first place because she had feared that this very thing would happen. Well, maybe not this thing. Sharon had her ideas of dark fate for her baby girl so far away from home, but she could never have conceived of depraved torment at the hands of so many. So why wasn’t she holding her close and telling her that she’d never let her go again? Why did Julie feel like a stranger in her own mother’s eyes? The only possibility that brought some ease to her mind was the thought that this was too much for her to comprehend and that she was shutting down in order to keep from cracking. Julie tried to get it. There were always stories of victim’s families slipping into horrified denial.
That’s all she was to Sharon now. A victim. And Julie couldn’t ignore the nagging at her brain that she’d never be anything else. 
Sharon lifted the suitcase. After she placed it on the bed, she told Julie that there were clean clothes and a new toothbrush. Greg had the car waiting. Sharon would see to the particulars of the discharge. And Julie could meet her in the lobby whenever she was ready. Then Sharon left the room without ever meeting Julie’s eyes.
Julie blinked back tears when her mother was gone. Instead of reaching among the folded clothes, she sank back to her pillow and folded the sheets around her shaking body.
“Juliet? Hey. Hey come on. It’s okay.”
He was on his knees and holding her face as her tears started to flow.
“She’s acting like I did something wrong. Like I asked for this to happen. Why, Ethan?”
Sighing, he pressed his head to hers.
“No. Listen to me. She probably feels guilty, you know? I did. I felt like I should have done something. But I didn’t.”
“You couldn’t. And neither could she.”
He stroked her hair tenderly and forced himself to smile.
“But I know how she feels. And if my sister had made it through, I bet it would have taken me a long time to look her in the eye.”
Julie didn’t believe that for a second. If he had gone out of his way to make her feel alright when she was someone he barely knew, she imagined him breaking through all barriers to see that his unfortunate sister back to normal even it didn’t exist. 
She was suddenly filled with a sense of dread at the prospect of being alone with her mother and Greg, trapped in a car, for the long trip home. Getting home would only prove slightly more tolerable. She could take some solace in the bedroom, one of the last places she had been before her world capsized. But even there, she thought of thick tension in the air, awkward calls to the dinner table, and meals barely consumed in silence. 
“Okay?” Ethan asked.
Julie had a crazy idea. He was about to be discharged, too. Did he need a ride? How else would he get home with his bad arm?
“How are you getting back?” she asked.
“My firm’s sending a car. Even said I could keep it for a few days in case, you know, I needed to get out of town. Clear my head. You’d think they’d be steamed that I blew the deal. But something tells me they’re relieved that we didn’t get in too deep with Carter McCord.”
So there was that idea shot down in a flash. He didn’t need her. But Julie needed him. She needed his understanding when everyone else just had questions. How was she supposed to get any kind of sleep if he wasn’t sitting at her bedside?
“Maybe I could just go with you,” Julie murmured.
His eyes entertained the request. Julie felt hopeful at the thought that he would quickly agree and take her away from everything as he had before.
“No,” he said.
Was it possible that even he didn’t want her near for too long? He needed to save her, and he’d done that. After seeing that she was still breathing and poised upon a road to recovery with no end in sight, he had done his part. What more did she want from him?
So much more.
“Listen to me.”
He sat on the edge of the bed and held her shoulders.
“Just give them a chance. Maybe… when you’re home, it’ll all click. Bet it will. I’m sure of it.”
Julie wasn’t, and she didn’t look at him or say another word as he left her side and started removing items of clothing from the suitcase. 
“I think you should get dressed, Juliet.”
Wearily, she climbed out of the bed. Untying the gown at the neck, the flimsy garment fell to the floor, and once again she was naked in his eyes. 
“Whoa! Wait.”
He grabbed the blanket and winded it around her bruised body. He was forever trying to preserve the modesty that she no longer possessed.
“There. Better?”
It wasn’t, but she nodded.
“Look I… I’ll wait in the hallway. When you’re ready, I’ll walk you out. Okay?”
“If you want,” she said.
“I do.”
He was gone. Julie let the blanket fall and retrieved the clothes from the bed along with the toothbrush. As she stepped into the small bathroom and clicked on the light, she hated the sight of a face that no one was ever going to love. She dressed slowly and started to remove the toothbrush from its plastic trappings. What did it matter if her breath was fresh? No one was ever going to get near enough to notice.
She threw it into the trash and left the room.
True to his word, Ethan was waiting. He held a small piece of paper in his hand, and when he saw Julie, he pressed it into her hand.
“Take this. Use it if you need to.”
Julie unfolded the slip and saw a phone number scribbled in red ink.
“If you need to talk, I’m here. Well there but you know.”
It was a little easier to go with the assurance that he wasn’t abandoning her entirely.
“Thank you,” she said.
“Don’t mention it.”
He placed his arm around her shoulders and walked her to the elevator. He kept her close as the car descended to the main floor, and as the doors slid open, Julie saw Sharon pacing and picking at her nails. Upon catching sight of her daughter, she stood still and waited for Julie’s approach.
“Juliet?”
She eagerly looked to Ethan as he touched her elbow.
“You can do this. And like I said. You call me if you need anything.”
Hating to leave him, she nodded and marched to her mother like a condemned woman. Sharon nodded at Ethan and guided her daughter into the morning. Looking over her shoulder one last time, Ethan gave her a small wave as he disappeared from her sight.
The car was torture. Not the same agony that she had become so familiar with during the long months of captivity, but awful just the same. Sharon spoke, but not to her, never to her. She filled the air with banal comments about gutters and new furniture. While Julie was raped for hours on end, her mother had sifted through swatches of fabric. Sharon mentioned the friends from Julie’s last party and a Labor Day barbecue.
“We’re still doing that?” Greg asked. His eyes were in the rearview mirror, staring hard at Julie’s pale reflection. Even in the air conditioned space, beads of sweat dotted his forehead. As Julie craned her head over the seat, she saw his hands clutching the steering wheel with such intensity that his knuckles were white. At least he was something in the face of everything that had happened. Angry, nervous, uncomfortable. So was Sharon. But she had her own way of showing it, which was no way at all.
“Of course not,” Sharon snipped. “We can’t now.”
Why? Because Julie needed her close to home as she tried to return to her former life? Or because the shame of having a ruined daughter was too much to explain let alone bear? Falling back against her seat, Julie watched the towns flick by from the straight line that was the highway. These were roads she had travelled with Kim. If her friend ever made the return trip, there would be nothing but blackness in her point of view. Julie unfolded the piece of paper that had stayed in her hand from the moment Ethan handed it over. She traced the numbers carefully. Could she call him tonight? Could she call him now? Julie didn’t have a cell, and the thought of having to ask for a replacement while still under her parents’ plan felt like asking for one more thing that they just couldn’t give her. But once she was back under their roof, there would be other ways to contact Ethan.
As the car glided up her street, Julie smiled at the trees that she feared never seeing again, and kids on bikes raced to stave off the inevitable return of textbooks and teachers. She remembered those problems and wanted them back as the car pulled up the driveway.
Home.
Julie couldn’t help but cry at the sight of it, and Greg had to help her from the backseat. She leaned against him as he quickly ushered her towards the door and settled her on the couch of the great room. Looking around at the knick knacks and photographs from the moments of her life when she could never have conceived of what would happen to her, Julie tried to be the person she had been before everything was ripped away. Julie Edwards, shy and sweet and making good grades even as her future seemed an uncertain state after the loss of her father. But Julie carried on after that moment. Hard as it would be, she could do it again. Ethan believed in her.
Looking at his number again, she wondered if it was too soon to call him now. Was he even home yet? But this had to be his cell. He hadn’t lost it in the woods. So there was no reason…
No. She had to give this a shot.
She eased her body off the sofa and found her way to the kitchen. Sharon was making sandwiches like a woman possessed, and Greg tapped his foot against the side of his stool. In this house, in her house, he seemed the better option if she had any hope of achieving true contact with another, and she sat beside him. As she tied her hair back, Greg shifted his eyes to hers and focused only on the covered wound that was bound to leave yet another mark on her skin.
“Hurts?” he asked, knowing and not knowing.
Feeling exposed, Julie just nodded and lowered her hair again. It spilled over her shoulders, and she hid behind the brown locks as Sharon placed a plate of tuna on rye before her.
“Real food,” Sharon said, trying to strike the old poses. “Much better than hospital fare.”
Yes and no. Julie took a bit and savored lemon mingling with the mayo and the fish. But breakfast with Ethan had been better. She wanted to call him tonight, and maybe she could use the idea of a meal, a simple meal, to take her leave of the place from which he wanted her to try while she just wanted to escape. Again.
Greg pushed his plate away and placed a clumsy hand on Julie’s shoulder.
“Julie? I think you should tell us everything that happened.”
Before she could object, Sharon was slamming her glass of Crystal Light on the counter. She flashed her eyes at the pair of them.
“We know what happened, Greg. Let’s just drop it.”
“But I need to know.”
“Why?”
“Because… because Julie wants to tell us. And… and we have to know if she learned anything that could keep her in harm’s way.”
Julie gagged on a piece of bread. She barely felt Greg’s hand quickly slapping her back as the suggestion gained reality. Matt was dead. Pete was incapacitated. The scum from last week had a lot to answer for. But there were others. Some of them were still in shadows. Others were men that Julie could identify if given enough time to study they photographs. Would they come back when she started to spill? And what then? A quick death? Unanticipated and painless? Or would she find herself shackled again, having to meet a slow end by way of brutal hands? 
Julie spun away from the bar and headed for the stairs. She took them two at a time and pried open her bedroom door. 
Her room.
It was exactly as she had left it. Purple and floral and filled with pictures of Kim. Julie plucked a snapshot from the mirror and looked at her friend in the days before they were slaves. Kim’s face was confident as Julie’s head rested against her shoulder. Kim flashed the peace sign with one hand held a drink in the other. In the picture, Kim didn’t know the meaning of fear, but one stupid call had acquainted her with the term until it killed her. Julie was angry at what had been done to them, but Amanda Beyer’s drug-induced delirium aside, the trip was never of her design. Why not just stay home and bum around, smoking and drinking and sleeping until noon until the real world came knocking? But Kim just had to hurry things along. They were supposed to see the country. They had seen sights that weren’t on any map. And it wasn’t Julie’s fault.
She tore the picture to shreds and collapsed upon the tatters, her body wracked with sobs. Crying, she heard the door crack open, and she turned her face expecting Greg. Her mother had no desire to see her, and Greg wanted information.
To Julie’s surprise, the figure in the door was the lady cop from the hospital who had also pressed her for details. But unlike Greg, her tone was gentle, and this was her job. Julie was up as the woman entered her bedroom.
“Julie? Do you remember me?”
She nodded without words, and the woman tried to take her arm. Julie squirmed from her hold and sat down on her bed. She folded her arms around her chest and glared up at the cop.
“Morales, right? What do you want?
Morales took the lead and sat on the bed, as far as possible from Julie’s side.
“Hanging in there?” she asked.
“Just great,” Julie said as she tried to use more of her hair to hide her bandage. 
Morales inched closer and tentatively took Julie’s hand. Julie didn’t shy away from the contact. Her hand wasn’t Ethan’s, but it was warm and sure. She raised her eyes to the cop. Morales reached into her pocket and wiped her face with a crusty tissue. 
“There’s people you can talk to. They’ll help you.”
More questions. Wonderful.
“But that’s not why I’m here.”
At least Morales was honest. She wasn’t one of the touch feely associates that wanted to know every aspect of her feelings. Anyway, it seemed like a series of idiotic questions. How was she? She was damaged goods. Everyone  knew that.
Everyone but Ethan.
“So… so what do you want?”
Morales retrieved a tablet and swiped a picture to life.
Julie trembled at the sight of Pete.
“Mr. Bowen,” Morales said.
Julie forgot fear and returned to hate. She wanted Pete dead. No. She wanted him bound and screaming and shaking as the days bled into one another and offered no hope of reprieve.
Morales turned the pic from Julie’s view and returned it to her shoulder bag.
“He’ll live?” Julie asked.
“Oh yes,” Morales answered. “To face the consequences of his actions.”
Three squares and a heated cell. That was justice? He deserved a prison without hope.
“Thing is, Julie. You’re just the tip of the iceberg. We’re finding other lost girls and… and bodies.”
Julie looked at the floor and felt a wave of guilt wash over her at her figurative murder of Kim when she was one of Morales’ latter instead of the former. 
“How many?” Julie asked.
Morales sighed and took her hand.
“That’s not important right now. We’ll find the common thread. Would you like to talk with the other survivors? It might help.”
Comparing notes and possibly chancing upon a shared rapist in a small room with coffee and danish? Julie shook her head.
“Okay. Maybe it’s too soon. Can you tell me anything else, Julie?”
Julie raised her eyes to Morales’ face. She had already done this. How many times did she have to relive it until the end came?
“I’m done,” Julie said.
Morales’ face was disappointed as she stood and headed for the door. Before she was out of the room, she turned back and smiled.
“We’ll talk again, Julie. When you’re ready.”
And she was gone.
Julie cried loudly, but no one moved to hold her. Soon it would be dinner, and she couldn’t stand the thought of another meal under this roof.
Racing down the stairs, she felt Greg’s eyes on hers as she reached his office and closed the door.
A landline. 
She unfolded Ethan’s number and called him quickly. The space between the three rings was endless, and she wiped her eyes until his voice emerged on the other end of the line.
“Hello?”
Julie relaxed at the sound of his voice.
“Ethan. Ethan, I…”
She couldn’t carry on and just cried.
“Juliet! What’s wrong?”
Everything. But there was no time to explain and with him, really no need. She just had to see him again,
“Please save me. Again.”
18
She was waiting for a car on the porch. Her bag, barely packed, now filled with the clothes she had left behind, was at her feet. Her mother couldn’t do anything but stare at her with dull eyes before heading to her bedroom.
Greg was a different story.
“What do you know about him, Julie? He was one of them.”
Julie twisted her head and stepped away from Greg’s touch.
“He’s not. You don’t know him. He was the one---”
Greg grabbed her roughly.
“Then he’s even more dangerous. He might sell you out to sell the story.”
“What are you---?”
“It’s his big chance. Talking out of school to make a buck. You are not going with him.”
Greg’s hold was too tight as Julie tried to squirm away. He kept his hands on her arms, and Julie was sent back to other grasps that didn’t care as she begged for everything to just stop.
“Let me go.”
“You’re staying here.”
“Let me go!”
She struggled against Greg as a car raced up the drive and kept its lights on. Julie saw a figure emerge from the driver’s seat, and she’d seen enough of him in shadows to know that Ethan had simply obeyed and was here to take her away from the home she could no longer stand.
“Hey! Take your hands off her.”
The injured arm was freed from the sling and simply covered in gauze. He neared the porch. Greg hesitated, but Julie took the moment and pulled away from her stepfather. She fell against Ethan, and he held her close. With her ear to his chest, she could feel the furious pounding of his heart as his hands quietly found her hair. 
“I’m sorry, Ethan. I just couldn’t do it. Please help me.”
Their eyes met. Julie was still devastated in his presence. Was there a chance that he would ever know her another way? At this precise second, she didn’t care. She just wanted to get away from what was supposed to be shelter when it was every horrible thing she’d fought to escape.
“Ethan?”
He pushed her behind him and moved up the steps. When he was a single breath from Greg, Ethan rose to his full height and glared at her stepfather.
“You couldn’t just tell her that it would be alright? What the hell is wrong with you?”
Greg was silent as Ethan picked up the bag and returned to Julie’s side. Once her luggage was secured in the trunk, he carefully eased her into the passenger’s seat. 
Greg rushed forward.
“No one’s taking her away again. Who do you think you---?”
Ethan answered the question with a fist in Greg’s face. Greg stumbled back as Ethan settled into the driver’s seat and set the car into reverse. They sped down the driveway, and Ethan gunned the car towards the road as Julie saw Greg struggling to his feet.
Was he right? Was Julie about to leave the home that was now cold but oddly familiar only to return to another dungeon where she was destined for nothing but torture? 
No. 
Greg was wrong. Ethan wasn’t one of them. He‘d proven as much more times than she could count. Julie curled up in the passenger’s seat and kept her eyes on Ethan.
“You came,” she said. 
Ethan nodded as he kept his eyes on the road. He seemed determined to get her far away from what was supposed to be the endgame. But it wasn’t home. Not anymore. At least she was with him. Without Kim, Ethan was the only person that she could truly trust.
He passed the local diner. The Starlight. Julie had munched many a seasoned fry at the tables littered with placemats advertising Knox’s Funeral Home and Candy’s SAT tutoring. Both were paths to dead ends.
“Let’s keep driving,” Ethan said.
Julie was glad. The thought of sitting in what was basically a New Jersey replica of Eatonsburg’s Eats was more than she could tolerate, and Ethan eased the car onto the highway and started towards the city.
As the exit markers flew past, Julie felt herself leaving her home for something new.
The city. It was familiar enough yet still strange as it beckoned her away from the bedroom that made no sense. What went down after she left? Greg probably stumbled back to the house to ice his face. Ethan’s punch was strong and everything Julie needed at that moment. So he probably returned to her mother and blamed Julie for the blow. Sharon would go along with it as she also blamed Julie for her undesired part in the play. Maybe they’d call Morales and reveal where she was, where she was going. Beyond that, they, her mother especially, would be glad that the marked girl with the sliced face was out of their home.
Julie shook it all off and rested her head on Ethan’s shoulder.
“Did I call too soon?” she asked.
Ethan’s eyes met hers for a fleeing moment.
“I said I’d be here if you needed me.”
She did. She needed him now. She needed to feel like something more than a battered freak, and it was easier next to him.
“Where are we going?” she finally asked.
“Home. My home.”
She sobbed into his shoulder as he kept driving. She couldn’t speak.
“That’s what you wanted, right. I should’ve seen it. I’m… I’m sorry I left you alone.”
It was all she’d wanted to hear. Julie felt like she was nowhere, and she stayed in that space until Ethan parked the car at a curb. He rushed out and helped Julie to the sidewalk. Her bag was already over his shoulder, and they walked towards his door.
Ethan steadied her on the stoop.
“Is this really what you want?” he asked.
Julie turned her weary, torn face to his with a sigh.
“What I really want is for everything to just go back to normal. But…”
Exhausted again, Julie sank to the steps. Normal. She didn’t know what the word meant anymore. She was out of the fire. Somehow, she had survived the ordeal. And it was her fault. Her fault for breathing while Kim’s body grew colder. Her fault for being touched even though, every time, she had futilely pleaded through a seemingly unending stream of tears. Julie would never get back to normal, and it felt like the final punch in her face.
“But that’s never going to happen, is it?”
If anyone would know…
As he placed his warm hand on his shoulder, Ethan sadly shook his head. The confirmation that life as she knew it was nothing but a memory stung her soul and she found herself sobbing harder at the truth he offered.  But at least his touch was soft. Her body stiffened some at the feel of his hand mingling with the memories of so many others, but he would never hurt her. 
Julie shivered, and Ethan eased her off the steps.
“Are you cold?” he asked.
She was numb.
“Let’s get you inside, okay?”
Ethan unlocked the door and led her into a small foyer. He started to guide her up another staircase, when a door cracked open. Julie flinched at the sound, and Ethan’s arm tightened around her trembling shoulders. She was suddenly face-to-face with a middle-aged man who nodded at Ethan and smirked when he saw Julie under his arm.
“What’s up, buddy?” he said. “Who’s your friend?”
Was it written across her face, just one more scar that would never be erased? The words they had used, the terrible, insulting words. Whore. Slut. How many times had Julie twisted her head in denial of the labels, but now it was as if they were made to be true and stay forever in the eyes of any man who happened to cross her path.
“Not a good time, Nick,” Ethan said as he resumed his efforts to get Julie away from the world and secure in the comforts of his home.
“Just trying to be friendly,” Nick continued. “You got yourself a sweet young thing there. How’d she get the slice? Your doing, buddy?”
As she bit her lip hard and lowered her eyes, Julie felt Ethan leave her side. She whirled around to see his hands on Nick’s collar, and Ethan pounded the other man into a nearby wall.
“What the---?”
“What is your problem?” Ethan demanded. “Can’t you see that this is a lady? Show some goddamned respect!”
“Okay, okay. I’m sorry. I---”
Ethan pushed him away and returned to Julie’s side. He took her hand and firmly, gently, led her up the stairs.
“Buddy, I said I was sorry. I---”
Nick’s voice became muffled as they entered the apartment, and Ethan slammed the door. He seethed as he turned the deadbolt and put the chain in place. When he turned his attention back to Julie, her eyes were on her feet, and he slowly reached for her shoulders.
“I’m sorry,” he began. “Are you alright?”
Julie kept her eyes down as she struggled to speak.
“You… you lied to you friend,” she stammered.
“He’s not my friend,” Ethan said.
“Whatever.”
Julie pulled away from him and let out a pained laugh as she walked through the unfamiliar surroundings and pressed her head to window. Ethan was at her back, but he kept his hands where she couldn’t feel them as his soft voice slipped into her ear.
“He’s a jerk. He’s not worth your worry.”
“But he’s right.”
“What do you mean?”
All of the anger of the last several months finally trumped the fear that had become her existence, and she slammed her palm against the glass. If it had shattered in her hand, Julie might have grabbed hold of one of the stray shards and just ended what she was convinced would become an unending hell. The man downstairs had no knowledge of the entire story, but even now, even after Ethan’s attempt to put him in his place, he was probably imagining her stripped and submitting to Ethan. In his warped fantasy, he likely envisioned what he could do to her if given the chance. And this was just the beginning. Eventually, her identity would become public record, and then it would be open season for anyone that wanted a taste. There was no escape, no end in sight, and Julie pounded the glass again. Now Ethan’s fingers surrounded her small wrist, but Julie stepped back even as she faced him with blazing eyes.
“It’s no good. Don’t you see? I’m ruined. My own mother can’t bear to be in the same room with me. It should have been me,” she said, her mind drifting back to Kim. “I should be dead.”
He took a step towards her and offered his hand.
“Will you come with me for a second? Please.”
Reluctantly, Julie took his hand and followed him into a smaller room. As he clicked the light on, Julie found herself staring at her teary, bandaged reflection in his bathroom mirror.
He rested his hands against her arms.
“What do you see?” he asked.
Obviously her words weren’t enough to make him understand what she now was, and she turned her eyes away from the glass.
“Look, Juliet.”
“I don’t want to.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s ugly. It’s disgusting.”
“No. Please try to look.”
Julie lifted her eyes and fought the urge to spit at the face in the mirror.
“Can I tell you what I see?”
She barely nodded, but Ethan seized hold of the permission granted and continued.
“I see a beautiful, brave woman.”
Julie sneered at his observation. 
“No.”
“Yes. Maybe you’re not the person you were… but you’re stronger for having survived it, and no one is ever going to hurt you again.”
How could that be true? Nearly every moment of her hard-won freedom was laced with pain. It was subtler than the blows that had rained down and within her body, but it still pierced every part of her.
“I can’t, Ethan,” she said through her tears.
“Yes you can.”
“No,” she said, shaking her head. “I can’t stop it. Not all by myself.”
Kim. If only she had her here to shoulder some of the burden.
He turned her away from the mirror, and he gave her a small smile once she was back in his eyes.
“Then let me help you,” he said. “I’m right here. And I promise that I’m not going anywhere.”
This was why she had called him. Only with Ethan did she feel anything remotely connected to security, and while nothing that had happened should make her feel lucky, there was some good fortune in Ethan entering her life.
“You won’t?” she asked, already knowing the answer but wanting, needing, to hear him say it again.
“No way.”
He plucked a few tissues from a nearby box and slipped the flimsy paper patches into her hands. Julie thanked him as she dried her eyes.
“You’re welcome. Juliet?”
There was something too in his idea to call her by another name. It was impossible to link it to the pain still so fresh in her mind, and she smiled up at him as she asked him what he wanted.
“Can I… is it okay if I hold you?”
Not only was it okay, but she actually felt calmer at the idea of him keeping her close, keeping her safe.
“Yes,” she whispered.
Ethan slowly folded her into his arms. Julie settled into his embrace and heaved a sigh of relief as he safeguarded her where she stood. He took great care to be gentle as he ran his hands through her hair, down her back. They stayed like that, in silence, until Ethan eased her body from his and lightly stroked the uninjured side of her face.
“Are you hungry?” he asked.
Running away from home, food had been the last thing on her mind. But now, she was in his home, a place free of violence and judgment, and the thought of eating something regained some of its appeal. When she nodded, he took her hand and led her to a small kitchen that was really just another part of the main room separated by a small archway and distinguished by a tile floor. Resting on the counter was a white paper bag, and Ethan pulled out a large sandwich wrapped in foil. The discarded bag. An unopened bottle of beer that had to have gone warm. He had literally dropped everything to rush to her aid.
“Guess I interrupted,” she said apologetically.
“It’s all good. These things keep.” He unwrapped the sandwich, and Julie felt hungrier still at the sight of overflowing pieces of bread full of cold cuts, bursting with lettuce, dripping with oil and vinegar. Reaching into a drawer, Ethan retrieved a knife and carefully cut the sandwich in two. Placing the larger piece on a bright yellow plate, he offered her the meal and returned the forgotten bottle of beer to his fridge. In an instant, his hand reappeared with another bottle, freshly chilled, and he asked Julie if she wanted one.
Remembering the drinks with Matt and Pete should have turned her off his suggestion, but then she resolved to not let them take one more thing away from her. She needed a drink. She deserved it.
“Sure thanks.”
With two bottles in one hand and his own plate in the other, he shoved the fridge door close and led the way to a small table with two chairs. It was obvious that it hadn’t been used for a meal in forever. Setting his plate down on the one free space available, he picked up a pile of unopened junk mail and tossed it into small basket already filled to the brim other credit card offers and charity requests that he had yet to open. He wiped a small layer of dust away with his hand and beckoned for Julie to sit. She couldn’t help but smile at his impromptu attempt at housekeeping. The man was still such a boy.
“Dig in,” he said.
Julie took a small bite of her sandwich. It tasted better than she had expected, and she nodded when he asked her it was alright. Washing it down with the beer, Julie felt a faint buzz and smiled at him.
“Can I tell you something?” he asked.
Julie wondered if he was this polite with everyone, or if he was just taking extra care with her because no one else had considered her consent in ages.
“Yes?”
He took a quick drink and leaned back in his chair.
“I… I mean I’m sorry it was so rough with your parents. I really hoped… and I still think you can patch things up with them. Just give them some time.”
There wasn’t enough in the world, but Julie simply said that she hoped he was right as she pressed him for the answer to his own request.
“But… I’m glad you’re here.”
Julie took another drink and smiled at him. 
“Yeah. Me, too.”
“At least your dad seemed concerned. Guess I went a little crazy there, but you just… it was like you had to get away.”
And there was another reason beyond Greg’s suddenly furious hands.
“He’s not my dad.”
“What do you mean?”
“My dad… died. A long time ago.”
Ethan leaned forward and rested his elbows on the table.
“Oh. I’m so sorry. Can I ask---?”
“Car accident. I was only ten.”
What if he was here now? Her mother might never have become this person who wanted her home forever under the condition that she not return with scars both visible and hidden that would forever mark her time away. Then again, maybe not. Julie remembered her feeble attempt to run away after the denied slumber party with Bethany Irwin. Was it possible that it had never been about keeping her safe but keeping some kind of control? Without that Sharon obviously had no idea as to how to function. Regardless, Julie wanted to believe that her real father, her true father, would have fought back tears while looking for new ways to move heaven and earth in order to convince his only child that everything would make sense again, someday. He would have looked for her in the first place. Maybe she never would have wanted to leave if he was alive. But it did no good to ponder what could never be.
“I get it,” he offered meekly.
“I know you do.”
He had been through his own wringer, and Julie felt strong enough to continue.
“I thought about him a lot. While it was happening. I actually kind of believed that he’d… I don’t know. Fly down from wherever he was and rescue me. I mean, he had to know. He had to see it, right? So why do nothing? Had too much time gone by? Did he forget about me?”
Ethan reached across the table and took her hand.
“You know that’s not true.”
“But do I? It was so long. And so awful. If he could have stopped it, why didn’t he?”
Even as she spoke, Julie knew that she sounded like a foolish child. She was far from the first to pray for a ghost’s intervention, and centuries of petitions had gone unanswered from those who suffered more than she had borne. But a tiny part of her couldn’t let it go. Alive he would have done anything. Dead, possibly omniscient, he'd abandoned her like all the rest.
“Maybe he did,” Ethan finally said.
Julie watched as he raised his eyes to hers. Almost instantly, she caught his drift.
“You?” she asked.
“Think about it,” he started. “Me being there. Those bastards just asking me. It didn’t make sense. It still doesn’t. So… so maybe I was supposed to find you.”
Ethan held her hand tighter and warily stroked her wrist.
“Call that divine intervention. You’re free, Juliet. And you’re never going back.”
Once again in a single lifetime, she had come through another worst moment, and she was still standing to tell the tale. Could he be onto something? The specter of her father would never have been tangible enough to offer his shirt and race her out of hell. So the task fell to the one man to chance upon the horror show who was unable to look away from her distress.
“I know. You’re probably right.”
She closed her eyes and massaged her brow. As Ethan’s hand left hers, she felt him kneel at her side, and he tentatively touched her face.
“And… and you can stay here for however long you need to. As long as you want to. That door is open and waiting if you want to leave at any time.”
Opening her eyes again, she saw his free hand pointing to the exit. But Julie had no desire to flee this safe haven.
“I don’t want to go,” she said.
“Same here.”
Ethan returned to his chair, and they finished dinner. When the plates were empty, he was up and clearing the table. Julie made a move to help and ran the water.
“I got this,” he said. “You can relax.”
“No,” she said as she held the plates under the faucet. “Washing a dish is as close to normal as I’m going to get tonight.”
Julie liked the sensation of the suds running between her fingers as she scrubbed each plate clean and placed it in the strainer. Trying to find a way to mirror her actions, he cleaned the abundance of mail from the overflowing basket. He tore most of it to shreds, and when he was done, once she’d dried the dishes and found the cabinets where they appeared to belong, they stood staring at each other, both of them searching for the next word.
“So,” he finally said. “What now?”
If this had somehow happened before everything that she had suffered, this might be the moment where she took his hand again and asked him to take her to bed. Julie was sure that he would be slow and sweet. But the thought of a man with her like that was something she could never entertain. Julie could drink a beer and assure herself that Matt was dead and Pete would never get near enough to hurt her again, but Julie was certain that she would never be able to tolerate another man on top of her, inside her. Even the idea of it being Ethan, who had had been nothing but kind, still scared her, and Julie shuffled where she stood.
“I don’t know,” Julie said. “I’m just so tired.”
Ethan patted her arm.
“You’re in luck. Got a free bed right down on the hall. Let’s get you a good night’s rest. You can sleep until noon if you want.”
Julie exhaled at the invitation and followed him to the bedroom.
It was another small room bathed in white linens with a window seat just beyond the edge of the bed. Ethan had her bag over his arm as he turned the comforter down and smoothed the wrinkles in anticipation of the sleep she so desperately craved. Even though she knew that he could do without, she still felt guilty about taking something else when he had already done so much.
“I’m really okay with the couch,” she said.
“And I’m okay with this. I’m not sleeping, but you should.”
He glanced at her bag as he started to leave the room.
“You just get settled. I’ll bring you some water.”
And he was gone. Julie sighed as she slowly undressed. There was a fallen mirror, probably intended to find itself pressed against the back of his closed door. Instead it rested upon the wall, and she saw her battered body in the glass. For a second, she turned away, but then she looked back. 
Brave. Beautiful.
Julie felt neither as she changed into a pair of pajamas and slipped between the sheets. As her head hit the pillow, Ethan’s knock sat her up.
“Come in.”
As promised, he appeared with a glass of water, and he set it at the nightstand at her side.
“In case you get thirsty, you won’t have to look too far.”
She remembered too many nights when she had awoken from one nightmare only to find herself still trapped in another when the smallest taste of water would have offered a kind of salvation in the face of her misery. None was provided, and her mouth stayed dry as she wept at its absence.
“Thank you,” she said.
He grazed his fingers through her hair.
“Sleep well, Juliet. See you in the morning.”
As he left her again, Julie’s head fell back to the pillow. This wasn’t the bed she had envisioned, but her own room was too close to her parents and too full of memories of Kim. Only this unfamiliar place allowed her the ability to surrender to sleep.
But the bad dreams still came.
Julie was slammed back into a place where Pete and Matt hovered over her bound body. Matt was like a zombie, glassy eyed, his face streaked with streams of blood and pus. But Pete’s legs were intact. He didn’t press his body into hers, but Julie felt the dead captor grasping her throat with wet hands that didn’t ask permission for anything as she was entered with what felt like ice. Julie couldn’t scream, and it was like she’d never been saved. Like that had been the dream.
“Leave me alone! Go away. Oh God, no!”
She was still trapped in the vision when warmer hands surrounded her body and held her close.
“Juliet! Shhh. It’s okay. I’m right here.”
Shocked awake, she blinked hard at the sight of Ethan trying to hold her even as she struggled. For a second, his eyes were just another in a long line that had leered at with malice, and she batted him back as he kept trying to take her in his arms.
“Juliet, it’s me!”
“Please no more!”
“It’s me. You’re safe now.”
She continued to flail as he finally clutched her face, taking care around her bandage, and pressed it to his.
“Look at me.”
The nightmare started to fall away as Julie stared into the eyes of her savior, and when she recognized him, when she remembered, she fell against him with a series of wracking sobs. Ethan held her as she sputtered out apologies and tried to return to a place where she could make sense of what had happened.
“I’ve got you,” he assured her. “No one’s getting in here.”
She cried into his arm as he stroked her hair. As he repeatedly told her that she was it was over, Julie remembered all of the rescue and grabbed his arms in gratitude. 
“Ethan?”
“I’m right here. It’s okay.”
And slowly, very slowly, it was. As much as it could be. When she glanced over his shoulder, she thought she saw Pete smirking in a shadowy corner, and she shuddered against Ethan before lifting her eyes again.
Pete was nowhere to be seen, and Julie held Ethan closer. He had done so much, but Julie still needed more of his help.
“Don’t leave me. Please.”
Ethan eased her back to the bed. He never let her go as they fell together.
“You just sleep. No more bad dreams. It’ll be morning before you know it.”
She cried until she couldn’t and started to relax within his arms. Sleep still seemed the enemy, the place where she could be recaptured, but Julie was able to find it again, peacefully, when she was in his arms.
19
The nightmares stayed at bay as Julie finally slept. Her dreams were dull, vacant, but the absence of harm, either real or imagined, was enough to give her the first real rest in too many to months to count, and the vibration of Ethan’s breath was enough to guide her towards the morning. At various intervals, she felt his hands on her head, her neck, and while everything that had happened still caused her to flinch, she swiftly settled back into his arms, and she relaxed as he folded her closer. The feel of any other hands would have sent her into a state of panic, but it was different with Ethan. He kept his hands light as he whispered assurances into her ear, and Julie fought back the most awful memories and rested her head against his chest. To be in the arms of a man should only mean more torment, but Ethan took care to be kind each time she was roused from a much needed slumber.
He really didn’t sleep.
Julie blinked back the light of the morning and saw Ethan’s eyes gazing down at her. When their eyes locked, he started to rise. It was if he had been found out and hoped that he could erase the moment of discovery, but Julie found the courage to touch his face and keep his eyes on hers.
“Ethan?”
As he sat on the edge of the bed, Julie curled towards him and took his hand.
“Were you up all night?’” she asked even as she knew the answer. 
“I don’t need it. I… got the rest I needed.”
“What do you mean?”
His hold strengthened around her hand.
“Because you slept.”
Julie rubbed his face with a sigh. Even as a small part of her believed his words, the permanent dark circles still lingered under his bleary eyes. She should ask him if he wanted to lie down and try to catch a few winks, and she… 
“At least let me make you breakfast.”
Julie left the bed, glad for a task upon which she could focus her full attention. She would craft an omelet, fry up some bacon, and---
Save for the few beers they hadn’t cracked open, the fridge was empty. Julie stared hard and tried to will a banquet into existence as she heard his footsteps enter the room. 
“Um… guess this is easier said than done,” she said.
He blushed at the face of what he was lacking and gave her an apologetic shrug.
“There’s coffee,” he offered.
Julie eyed the can of Folgers and the carafe just waiting for the bubbling, brown brew. Coffee sounded fine, but he should really have something more substantial.
“Or… or I could take you to breakfast or---”
He stopped himself as she quickly shook her head.  
“Right. No diners. So…”
Julie scratched her head and scanned the apartment. He had said it was his home, and her home, before it became an unwelcome terrain, was a place where she ate the breakfast prepared by her mother before Kim showed up for the ride to nowhere. She wanted something of that moment back.
“Where’s the nearest store?” she asked him.
“Market down the block. Overpriced as all hell. But---”
“Fine. I’ll get dressed.”
She had to keep moving, and she slipped out of her pajamas and stepped into a pair of jeans and a light blue blouse. When she remerged in her sandals, Ethan, still wearing the clothes in which he had slept, already had his keys in his hand.
“Okay. Let’s go.”
Following him down the steps, she paused briefly before Nick’s door, and Ethan saw the sudden slouch in her shoulders.
“Don’t worry. He won’t bother you again. And… and he’s really harmless.”
“Then why did you freak out?” she asked.
“He scared you. Right?”
Julie looked down at her toes, still blistered from all that running before he had gifted her his shoes. Her gaze stayed there as stepped back into the foyer.
“Juliet?”
“Yes,” she whispered as she lifted her head.
“No more of that, okay?”
“But I… I don’t want to make any more trouble for you.”
He took her shoulders lightly and stared into her eyes.
“You’re never any trouble. And besides, I’ll square it with him later. You ready?” he asked as he extended his hand.
“Yeah.”
Walking down the bustling city streets on a Friday morning, Julie was struck by the sense that everyone around her was barely bemoaning the workday because the weekend was just over the horizon. Come five o’clock, they would celebrate another week, finally finished, with dates and drinks and dreams that would seem real until Sunday grew late and heralded the return to normalcy. If only they knew that some people suffered without calendars and clocks and couldn’t look forward to the break that never came. She was seized  by the memory of a man with bronzed skin and dark hair who wanted her chained to that night’s four poster bed and kept returning with the promise that he’d keep it up until sunrise. And he did. Night shifting into morning carried no  real transition. It was only a promise of pain, awfully fulfilled, and she couldn’t stay upright under the weight of the recollection.
“Juliet?”
She was on the sidewalk, on her knees, and an elderly woman walking her tiny dachshund told her to watch it as she plowed past her and the little dog yelped. Julie felt as if she was paralyzed as Ethan dragged her from the concrete and settled her on another stoop.
“What?”
Julie didn’t answer as people just kept passing by, consumed with their own lives and their supposed problems. She used to like to tell herself that a person shouldn’t judge. Everyone had their own stuff to deal with, and one’s own problems had the power to surpass whatever was happening to anyone else. She had managed to do it after her father’s death by thinking that everyone had lost someone, and yet they carried on. That kind of loss touched everyone. What she had undergone was different. Very different. Far beyond most people’s comprehension. This was her first moment truly out in the world since the rescue, and she was struck by the fear that she’d never be able to walk simple streets without looking over her shoulder and recalling what had happened.
“Do… do you want to go back?” Ethan asked.
She did. She wanted the comfort of his place because it was safe. She wanted to hide within his walls and conceal her body under the blankets. But then she thought of Kim. Fearless, throwing caution to the wind in the face of whatever might have crossed her path. If Julie, if someone, had had the power to outline the end of her last adventure, she never would have revved up the Camry on that fateful morning. But looking into the future was impossible and staying in the past kept people in the same place without any hope of moving forward. And Julie wanted to move from the chains, from the men, from the fear. The only way to do that was to try to rejoin the human race and manage to accomplish something as normal as purchasing groceries. There it was. It was a simply task, and she was up to it.
“No,” Julie finally said.
Ethan smiled as he helped her back to her feet, and they continued down the sidewalk.
Overpriced was an understatement. $7.99 for a gallon of milk was extravagant, but Ethan placed the plastic container into the basket that she had collected from the door and added a carton of eggs, a ham steak, and some Kraft cheese to the bundle. Julie paused before a pack of ready-made cookie dough and followed his lead.
“For breakfast?” he asked with a gentle laugh.
“No. But you’re right.”
She returned the package to its cold shelf and added flour and butter and vanilla extract and everything else to the basket. The chocolate chips were last, and even though Julie knew that she was likely to burn the batch in his oven, she now had another task to focus on once their breakfast was prepared and consumed. Satisfied, she led the way to the counter. The wrinkled cashier scanned each item, and Ethan paid for groceries with a swipe of plastic. They collected the plastic bags and hit the street again.
Ethan stayed close to her as they turned the corner and winded their way back to his building. Julie still felt strangers’ eyes looking at her like she was a figure for defilement, but a blonde girl regarded her bandage with a swift, slight wince. She didn’t know what had happened or why or how awful it had truly been. Her eyes just seemed to register the injury, and she smiled as Julie tried to shield the bandage from her view with a quick swipe of her hair. As she looked back over her shoulder, the girl’s smile was still in place for the few seconds before all of her attention returned to a notification from her phone. As glad as Julie was for the girl’s casual eyes expressing a moment of concern for the covered gash, it felt even better when she kept moving as if to tell Julie that she knew she’d be okay because she was still standing, walking, doing something so mundane as getting ready to make breakfast. Once again, she was something of anonymous, her shame unknown to the masses, and she smiled slightly as Ethan’s eyes fell across her face.
“How about that,” he said.
“What do you mean?”
Ethan tried to brush it off, but Julie pressed him for an explanation.
“If it does you this much good, we’ll go shopping every morning.”
Every morning. Every used to be something she dreaded, but her heart lightened at the idea that every could translate to a future, and she was feeling even better as they stepped up Ethan’s stoop and he unlocked the front door.
Nick heard their approach and opened his door before they were barely over the threshold. She drew a deep breath at the sight of him, and everything seemed to go black again as she shrunk behind Ethan’s back. Ethan resumed a protective stance, but even he relaxed as Nick stuffed his hands into pockets and shifted his stare to the floor.
“Um… Ethan?”
Julie’s eyes moved up Ethan’s arms until she saw his eyes, still tense, but also waiting for whatever Nick would say.
“Sorry,” Nick said. “Guess I… guess I don’t know my way around a… a lady. So I’m sorry.”
He clumsily bowed his head to Julie. 
“Sorry… miss.”
Julie stepped forward and stared at him hard. Something told her that he was harmless. He was a player to be sure, but like Ethan, his stomach would have turned if he had found her captive. But she doubted that he would have matched Ethan’s bravery and shown her out of hell.
But what was extraordinary about Ethan, to Ethan, didn’t mean that she couldn’t try to make friends. So she stepped forward and offered acceptance with touching one inch of him. That was still too much.
One step at a time.
“Nick?”
He seemed shocked by his name on her tongue.
“It is Nick. Right?”
He nodded and started explaining everything away again, but Julie just pressed her fingers to her lips. And she smiled softly.
“It’s okay. Don’t give it a second thought.”
She hoped that just saying that would keep making it real for her. Nick was suddenly awash in relief, and Ethan looked at her, believed her, and then he patted Nick’s shoulder before returning his hand to Julie’s.
“What she said.”
It was enough for Nick, enough for Julie, and they left Nick in his doorway as they ascended the steps.
Returning was like the homecoming she had been denied. Ethan’s place was new and yet familiar. Julie was glad to be back, and she set about cracking the eggs and frying the ham steak in a skillet.
“Can I do anything to help?” Ethan asked.
Julie smiled shyly.
“The coffee. You’re the expert there, right?”
Ethan obliged and sought out the filters. This was nice. Just making breakfast and with someone who cared enough to fight for her. Julie started to feel something that she thought was happy as she placed their plates on the table. Ethan inhaled the aroma of her attempt at breakfast, and one taste told Julie that she was triumphant as her own fork hit the meal.
And then the knock came.
Julie started from her seat, but Ethan signaled for her to stay in her chair as he moved forward and pressed his ear to the door.
She heard it, too.
“I’m---”
“I think that they don’t want to be disturbed.”
“They know me.”
“Are they expecting you?”
“Not exactly, but---”
“But nothing. I think you should go.”
“Sir---”
“They just want to be alone.”
Ethan’s eyes returned to Julie’s, and his gaze confirmed Nick’s outburst. He did want to just be with her, and that knowledge fortified Julie even as she knew the voice just down the steps and the need to answer its questions. For some, the nightmare needed explaining. 
Julie wearily rose to her feet and nodded for Ethan to intervene. With just one glance, he opened the door and headed down the steps. Julie pressed her hair behind her ears and listened to Ethan’s voice explain the necessity of the intruder’s presence. Nick finally obliged and closed his door as a two sets of footsteps made their way back to Ethan’s apartment. 
And then she saw the black braid of Connie Morales hanging over her shoulder. Ethan looked defeated by the reality that even he couldn’t keep what had happened at bay, but Julie lapsed back into what was and showed Morales to the couch. Julie sat two seats away from her and folded her arms around her body.
“Hanging in there, Julie?”
She nodded and told herself that this was just one more moment to get though. She could do it. And once Morales was gone, Julie could return to the breakfast that they both deserved to enjoy.
“How did you know I was here?” Julie asked.
“Swung by your parents’ place.”
Morales’ eyes drifted towards Ethan’s hand and the faint bruises forming about his knuckles.
“Seems you have quite the left hook there, Mr. Graff.”
Julie thought of Greg nursing his battered jaw, and she was suddenly terrified that Morales was here because of Greg’s strange need to get her back under his roof and pump her for more information. The easiest way to bring that wish to life was to press charges and place Ethan behind bars with the men who had truly hurt her. The thought of losing him was almost too much to bear, but then she was also confronted by the idea that there would be payback if Ethan happened to find himself in the same prison yard with Carter McCord.
“You’re… you’re not going to take him away. Are you?”
Morales sighed as she placed her hand on Julie’s arm. 
“Relax, Julie. That’s not why I’m here.”
And Julie was able to breathe, but Morales still had a story to tell.
“Peter Bowen?”
Julie shuddered at the thought of him, and Ethan assumed the place on the arm of the couch. He held Julie, all the time keeping his icy gaze on Morales.
“What about him?” Ethan said through clenched teeth.
Morales smoothed her hands down her thighs as she continued. 
“He wants to talk. Wants to tell us who set this thing in motion.”
As much as Julie hated Pete, she wanted him to name names. This was more than the doing of two bored boys who chanced upon the like-minded, the depraved.
“And… and we think there’s still other cells at work.”
Cells? One cell or another had been Julie’s only definition of home even as she had longed for the one she had lost. But Morales was talking of other places.
“I… I thought you rescued the rest?” Julie asked.
Morales nodded as she continued.
“There are many. But… but we think… Peter Bowen has suggested that others are still hidden. He’s ready to give up the ghost. But…”
The but scared Julie, and in her fear, she struggled to fight back the idea that she would have to return to terror.
“No!” Julie cried out.
“Julie?”
She left the couch and felt Ethan’s arms around her as she imagined being forced back into Pete’s hands. His friend was gone, and Pete would probably make her pay for that by forcing her body into customers’ hands without even the small mercy of a night’s sleep. In Julie’s mind, Pete would make her work off the debt that was Matt’s body until she was past hope, and now it would be easier since others knew the tale but hadn’t had the skill to intervene. Julie kept struggling as Ethan pulled her closer and whispered into her ear.
“I’m right here,” Ethan said.
His voice seemed distant as she continued to thrash under his hold.
“I want him dead!” Julie screamed. “I can’t… I can’t… ”
She ignored the approach of Morales and clung to Ethan’s neck.
“I can’t see him again. I… I can’t take anymore. Ethan. Please.”
It had seemed normal. The need for breakfast, groceries purchased, but it was no good. Julie had to stay in state of fear of Pete.
Morales stepped to Julie’s side. 
“Julie? He’s going away. For a long time. I promise you that.”
She latched onto the idea of Pete locked away. He deserved that and more after what he had done to her. To Kim. But…
Morales touched her face. Julie didn’t wince, but she still moved closer to Ethan as his hands gently clasped her elbows. 
“He said he’ll only give the names to you. Julie, I need you to meet with him.”
“Don’t make me,” Julie said as she shook her head.
Ethan’s arms held her closer as Morales lowered he voice.
“Bowen can tell us where the other girls are.”
Julie trembled wildly at the thought of others enduring the fate that she had known for an entire summer. What was worse? Those whom had just been captured or those who had lost all hope at the thought that the horror would never end as they wished for life to just end?
“Julie, he wants to talk to you. He said he’ll tell us who set this in motion if he can just see you. Alone.”
Before Julie could protest, Ethan pressed her behind him and stared Morales down.
“You’re not putting her in a room with him.”
“Mr. Graff---”
“Hasn’t she been through enough?”
Morales grabbed Ethan’s hand. He turned his eyes back to Julie and tried to tell her that he would keep her safe. But Julie couldn’t beat back the idea that she was on the verge of more torment.
Julie’s eyes pleaded with Morales, but the detective held her ground.
“It won’t be like before.  Even if he could use his legs, he’s not getting anywhere fast cuffed to a hospital bed. There’s a guard at his door at all times. I’ll go with you, and…”
Morales’ voice trailed off as she looked up at Ethan.
“And I’m sure Mr. Graff will come with you. Right?”
She didn’t even need to ask, but Ethan still wasn’t on board with the idea.
“How can you ask her to do this? Don’t you know---?”
“I do, sir. Yes. And I if you want the truth, it turns my stomach to think that he’s going to get one more thing that he wants when he’s already taken so much.”
Morales leaned closer, and Julie could smell the faint trace of tobacco on her breath.
“But it’d make me even sicker to have to deal him out to see how deep this thing goes. He opened the door, Julie. I need you to be strong enough to step through to the other side.”
Julie shared Morales’ desire to see him put away, and the way she laid things out, the way she made it seem like she would be safe for the face-to-face, was almost enough to tell her that she could do this. But what would Pete have to say? Who else behind the torture? Julie wasn’t sure that she wanted to know. She had seen a lifetime’s worth of evil in the space of a few short months, and she didn’t want to know how many others could do this by night and carry on each day without a care for those lingering in despair in a world without hope.
“I---“
And then Morales played her final card.
“Maybe he knows where your friend is. Don’t you want to find her?”
It was total manipulation and a perfectly honest, logical question in the same smoky breath. Julie’s mind flashed back to Amanda’s Beyer’s anguished rage. She would never forgive Julie for living when her child was never coming home. What if the shoe was on the other foot? Would Kim be brave enough to look the monster in the eye to uncover Julie’s grave? While Julie wanted to answer that question in the affirmative, she had to admit that Kim had cracked long before Julie gave up, and maybe she wouldn’t have been strong enough to stand before Pete’s bed even if he was shackled and injured.
Could Julie be strong enough?
“Yes. Of course,” Julie said. “Can I… can I think about?”
Morales took the absence of Julie’s out and out refusal with a warm smile and nodded.
“Call me,” Morales said. “You have my number. I’ll talk to you soon.”
She started towards the door then looked back over her shoulder.
“I… I think it’ll be better if you know, Julie. Then you can really start to put this behind you.”
Morales closed the door quietly, and Julie listened to her feet pad down the steps. There was the sound of an inner door opening, and Julie imagined Nick poking his head out to make sure that the uninvited guest was back on the street. That was realized by the sound of the front door swinging open then shut. She heard Nick follow suit with his own door.
And then her legs gave out.
She sank to the floor and held her face in her hands. However she twisted it around her brain, the writing was on the wall. Julie would have to see Pete again, and the thought of it filled her with a new fear that was really just the old terror returned, revived.
“Juliet? It’s okay. It’s…”
Turning her face to his, she wiped her teary face with the back of her shaking hand.
“I have to see him again. Don’t I?”
Ethan took her damp face in his hands and tried to remove what remained of her tears.
“You… you don’t have to if you don’t want to. I don’t care what she says. If it’s too much---”
“It is,” Julie said.
Ethan kept holding her face. It was too much. It had always been too much. Why her? Why them? Was it coincidence? Was it a crime of opportunity that Matt and Pete just couldn’t resist passing up? Every way she spun it, she owed it to Kim to learn the answer to the whys.
And she owed it to herself.
“Ethan?” she finally asked. “Could… could you do it?”
“What do you mean?
“If you had chance to know why… the person you loved had been hurt, could you do it? Could you face them?”
Ethan fell away from her and rested his head against the couch. She watched him wade through his own river of torment as he carefully considered the question. With a heavy sigh, he looked into her eyes again.  
“I’d like to think I could, Juliet.”   
20
She stood in the hospital lobby with her hair pulled back and Ethan’s arm around her shoulders.
After Morales had departed, Julie still made the breakfast that she’d promised. Each crack of the egg was barely a distraction for the call that she knew she had to make. Morales would get her names, Julie would find Kim. And Pete would get to see her again, and linger on the damage that he had wrought.
But she didn’t have to make it easy for him.
Pushing her untouched plate aside, Julie rushed to the bathroom and tore off the bandage. Her wound glistened under the light, in the mirror, and she knew it would be one more scar. But unlike the marks on her back, this scar would be on display for every set of eyes that crossed her path. When she touched the slash, when she pressed her fingers against her skin, the cut still burned, but Julie ran the water and tried to wash the pain away. Upon lifting her head from the sink, her face looked cleaner, healthier, and she patted it dry with a hand towel. Maybe with some makeup…
“Juliet?”
She dropped the towel and saw Ethan in the doorway. Julie lowered her eyes as Ethan asked if he could come in, and when she nodded, Ethan stepped forward and carefully lifted her face to his. His eyes ran over the uncovered wound, and he gently turned her stare back to the mirror.
“It’s healing,” Ethan said.
At least some part of her was.
“Juliet,” he continued. “If you’re not up to this…”
No. No she had to be. Turning away from the mirror, turning towards Ethan, she swallowed and finally spoke.
“I have to be. I… I can do this.”
Ethan smiled and moved a damp lock of brown hair from her quivering eyes.
“Just come with me, okay?”
Morales appeared on the scene. 
“Julie.”
Morales took Julie’s hand and shook it firmly, warmly.
“I knew you could handle it.”
Julie managed to smile as Ethan stroked her back, and Julie started to speak when the automated doors slid open again. From the outside in there a man with a sharp nose in an expensive looking suit. He was answering a message on his phone, and when the deed was done, he returned the phone to his pocket and looked at a suddenly trembling Julie. Who was he? Why was he here? He reeked of cologne. Julie was reminded of the men who had forced their evil between her unwilling legs, and she shivered against Ethan’s chest.
“Miss Edwards?”
Julie looked to the stranger and expected a lascivious sneer, and she wondered if this was a new trap. What was the plan? Get her alone with Pete so that this supposed gentleman could inject her with a handy needle and lie to Ethan that she wasn’t healing so well? Ethan would want to see her, but Julie pictured her unconscious body loaded into an ambulance to hell to get her back on the job that Pete implied was the best gig ever. What was rape when she didn’t have to worry about rent? Was Morales somehow in on this conspiracy? Julie was about to scream and break into a mad run when the stranger kept speaking.
“This is a very brave thing that you’re doing. We’ll have you in and out before you know it. And then I’m going to put the screws to this asshole, and he will never see the light of any free day again.
Confused, Julie looked to Morales. The stranger spoke like someone who was out for blood and that placed him on her side. But…
“He’s our DA,” Morales said. “Kind of hands on. Julie Edwards, meet Leo Barber.”
He offered his hand, and Julie took it cautiously.
“You’ll be perfectly safe, and it’ll be over before you know it.”
Leo Barber looked to Ethan.
“And you, pal. Way to do the right thing. Glad to know one of the good guys.”
As Ethan shook the DA’s hand, Julie relaxed again. Maybe there was more than one good man left in the world, and all she had to do was face Pete, fight back the urge to vomit as she heard what he had to say, and that would be the end of it.”
“Are you ready, Miss Edwards?” Leo asked.
Julie swallowed and nodded. Leo guided the group to the elevator, and they stood together as he doors slid shut.
The car crept up the floors, and when Julie took Ethan’s hand, he rested his head against hers.
“He’s here,” Julie said.
“But he can’t hurt you. No one can anymore. And I’ll be right outside the door.”
She was beyond grateful for his presence. The night leading up to this was a place where she took on his sleeplessness, so Ethan again seemed to ask for permission and held her alert body as the light shifted to dark, and whenever she asked him if it would end once she finally confronted him, Ethan ran his hands through her hair and told her yes. Julie prayed that he was right and closed her unsleeping eyes as the moment both necessary and dreaded slowly approached.
And now here it was.
Leo and Morales spoke in hushed tones to the officer guarding Pete’s door, and she heard the assurances that the room was secure. It all seemed so well-orchestrated, and Julie resolved to step into the breach to get the facts.
“Juliet? If you want to go… home.”
She did. But she couldn’t. Julie had to be with Pete one more time.
“I do,” Julie said. “But I have to do this first.”
Ethan squeezed her elbow, and his eyes filled with pride at her ability to make this sacrifice. With a deep breath, she left his side, and Morales eased her into the room.
Pete.
He was hooked up to IV drips, his legs under a blanket. No. The plural was wrong. His right side ended with a stump, and Julie realized that one of her bullets had cost him the ability to ever run anywhere. Julie couldn’t help but take some satisfaction in his inhibited position, and she felt stronger still as she neared the edge of his bed.
Pete, amputated, was wide awake and waiting for the return of the virgin raped over and over and over again.
“Well look who came back to play.”
Julie shivered and then started when Morales formed a fist and pounded it into Pete’s helpless middle.
“Owww! Police brutality!” Pete cried out, but Morales ignored the complaint and tugged his head to attention with a pull of his hair.
“Okay, boy. She’s here. You get five minutes. You tell her what she needs to know. And that’s it.”
Pete started to speak again when Morales stopped his speech with a quick smack of his lips. Julie couldn’t help but flinch at the sound of flesh meeting flesh, but Pete as the victim strengthened her resolve, and she knew that she could fight back any and all fears to stop him and his operation for all time.
“I get it,” Pete said. Morales gave his hair another quick, rough, pull, then let him fall back to the pillow. She turned to Julie and pressed her hands to her shoulders.
“We’re right outside,” Morales said. “You need us, we’re here.”
We. We was Morales and her ability to hurt Pete. Leo Barber’s need to see Pete behind bars for all times.
And Ethan.
Julie wished that he could stand at her side and see her through this moment, but she knew that his presence would still Pete’s tongue, and she had to stand alone to learn the truth.
“Okay?” Morales asked.
Julie gave a quick nod, and Morales was gone. As she closed the door, Julie turned her head to see Pete scooting to attention under the force of his elbows, and he actually smiled at Julie as she trembled where she stood.
“Speak, cunt,” Pete finally said. “You know you want to.”
Julie felt herself falling back into hands that pried her open and bodies that penetrated her without consent. She had longed to be free of the ropes, of the cuffs, but every plea for mercy went unanswered. 
“I… I do,” Julie started. “I did.”
“Come again?”
Julie slammed a fist into the one ankle he had left and forced herself to keep going even as her eyes were fresh with new tears that she didn’t want him to see.
“How many times? I begged you to let me go. I didn’t… I didn’t want to be… hurt. Like that.”
Pete licked his lips.
“Like what, Jules.”
She didn’t have to say it. He knew. Pete had never taken his turn. But Matt had. And Carter McCord. And so many other evil men. Pete’s bag was to lurk in a doorway, smoking and smiling, as Julie was ravished in ways that she never should have had to even imagine. But every worst fear became all too real as a new cock drove its way into her aching hole. She remembered the night of more men than she could number. The real horror wasn’t the rapes themselves but the lack of space between each assault, and Julie remembered the feeling that she would certainly be fucked to death even as she pleaded for a break. Just a few seconds to herself as another man took her bound form in the most brutal way imaginable, and when Julie was on the verge of fainting from the pain, Pete would tell the next brute to wait and bring her back to awful life with the glowing tap of his cigarette against her aching openings. She had screamed. What else could she do? Roused from desired unconsciousness, she was wide awake for the next assault and could only cry as the next attacker set out to hurt her.
And he knew. He’d seen it all.
“I was raped,” she said. “All night. Every night. You put me through hell. Why…?”
Suddenly, that wasn’t the question.
“How could you do that?”
Pete laughed at her quivering lip.
“Like you didn’t love it. I saw you, Jules. You got wet, every time. It was everything---”
“No.”
“Everything your little virgin hole ever wanted.”
Julie could no longer hold back her tears. Slipping to the foot of the hospital bed, Julie held herself as she furiously shook her head. How could he? Was he so warped as to believe that she wanted to suffer under rough hands while other parts were stuffed inside her? Throughout every assault, Julie had begged for it to stop and implored her captors to just let her go. She swore, over and over again, that she’d never tell. And she would have honored that plea. If she could just find herself free of the torture, Julie would have forced it to the pit of her soul and stayed quiet in the face of escape. She never stopped to think that it might mean a life spent in shadows. She just wanted it over.
Pete’s laughter kept crashing into her ears, and somehow Julie found the strength to return to her feet. Pete kept laughing as she wiped the tears and most of the makeup from her most apparent bruise.
“Look at that,” Pete said. “Guess you’re not so pretty anymore.”
Maybe she wasn’t. Maybe she was destined to be a figure for scorn and disgust. But she was here for information that would save other girls from the same fate.
“Guess not,” Julie said. 
Pete tried to touch her, but Julie backed away and resolved to get her answers.
“So why us?” Julie demanded.
Even crippled, Pete still smiled. Julie was ready to cry out when she caught something in his eyes that told her that there was another part of the story that she should have seized hold of, but it was still far beyond her grasp.
“You’re here for names, right?”
As much as she hated to give him anything else, she nodded in the face of his query, and Pete smiled as he landed his final, fatal blow.
“Here’s one you’ll recognize. Greg Heller.”
Julie had to clasp the bed rails as the name washed over her. No. Greg? No. This was just one more trick meant to scare her to a point where she’d never be able to comprehend life as she knew it, but as she backed away from the bed and turned her head from side to side, Pete kept talking.
“How did you think he made all that money for your little family?”
Julie knew. Or at least she thought that she knew. Greg made deals, he traded properties, right? He had gravitated towards Sharon because he wanted to bring her back to life. Julie was just collateral en route to a happy marriage. So he had encouraged the road trip. So what? He wouldn’t, he couldn’t traffic in unwilling girls. That would mean that she had been targeted from the moment he had darkened her door, and Julie’s eye went wide at the thought that she had been pegged for torture from the moment that she had first seen him.
“You’re lying,” Julie hissed.
“Am I?”
Even if it was true, even if Greg was the real monster in her midst, why would he lead Julie and Kim to the table of destruction? He liked Kim. He had played at loving Julie like his own. He couldn’t… he wouldn’t make them the toys of these brutal men.
Would he?
“It’s not true. It… it can’t be true.”
Pete shifted up. In her mind she knew that there was no way he could lay hands on her, but she still let out a sharp cry of fear as he leered at her and touched a figurative knife to her throat.
“Are you really as dumb as you look, Jules? Right. Like we just happened upon two fine fillies begging to be broken. And you? Fucking virgin to boot? Either we were luckiest guys ever or we were on your tail from the second you and Kimmy hit the highway.”
Julie trembled as he drove the imaginary blade deeper.
“And you got no one to blame for it but good old Daddy Dearest. Hell of a thing, huh, Jules?”
The room was spinning, and Julie grasped a nearby chair to keep from falling. She could hear her heart pounding in her ears as she struggled to catch her breath. How could this be true? How could Greg be the one? Julie felt as if she would faint when the sound of Pete’s laughter flooded her mind. Glaring, she twisted her face to his.
“Why?” Julie asked, her voice thick. “There… aren’t there… other girls?” 
It made her sick to even suggest that someone else deserved her fate, but wasn’t it suicide for Greg to select slaves from his own backyard?
“Sure are, Jules. A lot prettier than you, too. Far better lays from what I’ve been told.”
“So---?”
“Here’s the thing, Jules. We were out some merchandise.”
Other bodies. More unmarked graves. More grieving mothers.
How could Greg do this to her mother?
“We had to recast quick. And that’s when your daddy had the idea.”
“No.”
“We told him he was shitting where he ate, but we had high rollers to service. And you were gonna be outta commission for a few weeks anyway. So we’d chalk it up an isolated incident and send you home, shall we say, more worthy?”
Julie was nothing but completely destroyed by Greg’s scheme.
“But then it made more sense to keep you. You girls were real popular. When we explained that to Daddy…”
Please say that he objected, that he was forced, threatened, blackmailed, anything.
“He wanted you to stay away. Because if anyone would talk, it’d be you, Jules. Pull one thread, whole fucking thing unravels. And look. Matt’s dead. Look!”
Lifting the blanket, he revealed the bandaged stump where his leg used to live, while she was glad that he would never truly walk again, it was cold comfort in the face of what she had just learned.
“It should’ve been you, Jules. Bet Kim would have had enough sense to stop running in the woods.”
And maybe he was right. Maybe Kim would have resigned herself to a life, however short, of prolonged torment even if Ethan was there, encouraging her to keep moving until they hit the light at the end of the tunnel. But Julie was the one left standing, and she had one last question to ask.
“Tell me, Pete,” she started as she moved back to the bed. “How come you never fucked me?”
He seemed taken aback by her question, but then he laughed and rubbed his hands through his sandy hair.
“I said you weren’t really me type. Remember that? Or did I knock that bit of intel from your puny---”
“But you said you might want a taste after they were done. You never… you never sampled the wears. So what is it, Pete? You not like to shit where you eat?”
He laughed off her attempt at an insult, but Julie kept going.
“You know what I think? I think you can’t. I think you like to watch. You kind of wish that you could, but you weren’t man enough to play the game. And underneath…”
Julie lifted his hospital gown and revealed his flaccid cock. If this were Matt or Carter McCord or any number of her nameless rapists, there would be evidence of a vicarious thrill by way of the lurid details and Julie’s teary eyes. But Pete couldn’t get it up with a memory let alone with a real, live, helpless girl.
“Don’t flatter yourself. You weren’t that pretty to begin with, and now, shit. You’re a turned out slut, and you’re gonna need the pain to get wet. I see a lot of rough nights in your future, Jules.”
And she saw one agonizing moment in his immediate future.
She grasped his cock and twisted the limp noodle, trying to tear it from his broken body. Pete cried out in pain and struggled to remove her fingers from his piece, but Julie just kept tugging. If nothing else, instinct should make him hard, but he never rose to attention.
“You don’t even know how to use it. You pathetic eunuch!”  
Pete managed to grab hold of her hair, and as he tried to match her desire to rip something  from a body, the door burst open. 
“She’s crazy! Get her off of me.”
Julie felt Morales wait a few seconds, and she kept torturing Pete’s flesh until she was finally pulled from the bed and dragged from the room. Pete threatened to press assault charges, but then Leo Barber’s voice filled the air.
“Save it, slime.”
And he closed the door behind him.
“Julie?”
She could barely comprehend her own name on Morales’ tongue, and she fell to her knees as another set of hands surrounded her shoulders.
“Juliet?”
Looking up, returning to reality, she saw Ethan kneeling before her, his eyes full of worry. If he hadn’t come, she’d still be suffering. No one was ever going to look for her because one of the people that were supposed to be leading the charge was the man who had seen to her slavery. She tried to speak, and when no words came, she clung to Ethan and cried into his chest.
“Shhh. It’s okay. You don’t have to see him anymore.”
But it wasn’t okay. The real monster was still so close to home. In her home, and she was seized with fear at what might happen to her mother as she unknowingly climbed into Greg’s bed when he was pure evil.
“No,” Julie sputtered. “You don’t understand. You don’t… you don’t know.”
Ethan tried to still her shaking, but Julie was back on her feet, and she took his hands.
“It’s Greg,” she said.
Ethan shock was everywhere.
“Greg? Your… what are you talking---?”
“He did this. He set us up. Ethan?”
He shook his head, not wanting to believe what she was saying, but before he could ask her to explain further, Leo Barber reappeared and turned her away from Ethan’s arms and stared at her hard.
“Your stepfather?”
Julie could do nothing but nod. Leo looked at Morales skeptically, and even Morales didn’t know what to make of the situation.
“Julie,” Morales finally said as she rubbed her hand across the girl’s trembling face. “He’s playing with you. Trying to hurt you more.”
Morales left her side and pulled Leo a few feet away.
“I told you that we never should have agreed to this…”
She argued with Leo in hushed tones and sighed as Ethan eased Julie back to his line of vision.
“Maybe… maybe she’s right?” Ethan asked. “It could be a con. It…”
“But what if it’s not, Ethan. What if it’s true?”
He had no way to answer that, and Julie saw his lip quiver at the idea that the man who was supposed to protect her had engineered the hell from which he had saved her. Believing it was too much to bear, but Julie needed to know.
“Come with me,” she said.
Leo and Morales were still arguing as Julie led Ethan down the hallway.
“Juliet? What are you---?”
“I’m getting answers, Ethan. I need them.”
21
“Just drive.”
Ethan obeyed and pulled the car out of the hospital’s lot. Julie stared through the windshield. She didn’t want it to be true, but then she remembered what Greg had told her at the graduation party.
When it’s all said and done, I think it’s going to be the best thing for all of us.
He wanted her gone. Julie was never his daughter. She was a collateral piece of damage that could be disposed of and leave him with money rolling in and a needy wife clinging to him at every turn. But how was he going to explain Julie’s absence? He would probably fill Sharon’s head with lies that the girl was always ungrateful, troubled, and maybe he hoped that in time, Sharon would resign herself to another loss and lunch with the Beths and the Daves, the Maxs and the Amys. It would be a whole new life with no reminder of the real man that she had loved and lost and the child who rebelled at just the right moment.
Ethan’s phone buzzed, and he plucked it from his pocket.
“It’s Morales,” Ethan said. “Do you---?”
“Leave it,” Julie said. “She’ll figure it out.”
He ignored the call and took her hand as he continued to steer.
“Juliet---”
“Don’t tell me that it’s not true!” Julie screamed as she pulled away from him. Ethan turned his head back to the road, and when Julie shifted her gaze back to his face, she saw him scared and angry and wanting to help her. Julie hated hurting him, and she laid a soft hand on his shoulder.
“Ethan?”
When he looked at her, Julie’s rage lessened, and she took his free hand again. He returned his focus to the road even as he relaxed in the space of their locked hands.
“I… I need you to help me. I need you to be there with me. I don’t know if I can face him alone.”
Ethan clenched her had tighter.
“I’m not going anywhere.”
He gave her a warm glance and turned off the highway. Before she knew it, they back in her neck of the woods, but now every shadow behind every tree seemed to threaten harm. The danger was Greg, and Julie had to get him out of her life, out of her mother’s life.
“If… if it is true…”
Ethan’s voice trailed off, and he stopped at a crossroads, turning his face to hers.
“Then he needs to suffer. I don’t know what else to say. It… it can’t make sense.”
Nothing made sense. Julie had been the golden girl, loved and cherished, a friend and her future at her side. But now she was a scarred, ravished shell, and the world that she had counted on ceased to be a place of reason. Everywhere was a nightmare, and Julie wondered if even Greg’s confession could stop the pain. 
Nothing made sense.
Except…
“I know,” Julie finally said as the car idled at the intersection. She touched Ethan’s face.
“You make sense. I…”
And she lost it.
She cried harder than she ever had, and Ethan shifted the car into park and held her sobbing body as other cars honked and bikes whizzed by. The sounds meant nothing as she contemplated what she was about to uncover, but Ethan shushed her and whispered into her ear.
“Just let him try to hurt you again. I… I won’t have it.”
Julie lifted her tear stained face to Ethan’s kind eyes, and she resolved to be strong as the car winded towards their home. He put the thing back into park and hurried out to see to Julie’s doors. He held her close as they ascended the steps, and Julie’s mind searched for the best way to play this. Coming right out with the accusation would lead to a quick denial and a claim that she was indeed crazy. But Greg had obviously been terrified when Julie emerged from the dungeons. She had to move slowly, carefully, if Greg was going to give up the ghost.
Julie rang the bell, and the sounds of footsteps soon followed. Julie couldn’t help but tense, and Ethan’s arm grew firmer around her shoulders.
“I’m right here,” he assured her.
“I know.” 
She looked up at him with wet eyes.
“Thank you.”
Before Ethan could speak again, the door opened. Sharon gasped at the sight of her daughter in the arms of a man even if he was her savior, and she sighed heavily as she beckoned them to enter.
“Glad…. glad you’re back,” Sharon mumbled.
They followed her voice inside, and instantly, Julie looked about for Greg. When he was nowhere to be found, she stretched away from Ethan and took her mother’s hands.
“Mom?”
Julie could feel Sharon’s skin crawl under her daughter’s touch, but Julie refused to budge. Her mother needed to know, however much it would hurt, that she had linked their lives to a horror show.
“Where’s Greg?” Julie asked.
“He’s… he’s in the garden. Why are you asking about---?”
Julie led her mother out back while Ethan stayed close behind. She heard his phone buzz again and knew that Morales was already en route. But she would have enough time to get the bastard talking.
Greg clipped wilted roses with a pair of sharp shears, and Julie tensed at the thought that he might turn the simple tool into a weapon if he felt threatened.
But she had to take the chance.
“Greg!”
He turned to her with nervous eyes and wielded the shears just as she thought he would. When Julie kept her gaze fixed on his face, Julie stepped forward, and he relaxed his hold on the shears as Julie took a deep breath.
“You wanted to know what happened, right?”
He tried to laugh as Sharon pressed her hands to her ears. She didn’t want to know more specifics, and she tried to move back into the house. But Ethan grabbed her arm and forced her to listen. He nodded his head to Julie, and she steeled herself to continue.
“I… was tied down. Beaten. Raped. I can’t tell you how many times. I lost count.”
Greg made a show of looking horrified at her confession, but there was another kind of nervousness that caused his hands to shake around the shears, and Julie continued.
“I wished that it would end. Or that I would just die. But every morning I woke up. Why did I wake up, Greg? Just so they could keep hurting me? But that wasn’t the worst part.”
Julie had lived through enough worst moments to know. She had seen her real father snatched from her life without warning and tried to carry on without his protection. Greg pretended to assume that role, but he was wearing a disguise. He needed to make her a slave to keep the cash rolling in. Any kind glance or expensive birthday gift was simply in service of making her vulnerable until  the precise moment when he could snatch her from her life and create a new world where the only word with any meaning was pain. 
“The worst part was that you arranged it.”
She was taking a risk. Sharon’s screams that Julie was just confused said as much, but Julie kept talking as Ethan stepped between mother and daughter.
“You knew we would be alone. You sent those creeps after us. You knew…”
She struggled to continue. As her body was wracked with fresh sobs, Ethan held her, and as she wanted nothing but to rest against him and feel his kind arms,  but she continued.
Julie charged towards Greg, and he pointed the shears in her face.
“Greg! Stop!”
Sharon’s voice did nothing, and Greg wrapped his arms around his stepdaughter as he looked to his wife.
“She’s been corrupted, Sharon. She’s all mixed up.”
It was the last cry of the condemned, the found out, and Julie scoffed at the point of the shears against her already injured cheek. Julie’s fear of a deeper scar was eradicated when Sharon slapped Ethan hard.
“Leave him alone!”
Ethan fell back and clutched his wounded face. Julie knew what he was feeling, and she started towards him. She was nearly on the grass, at his side, when Sharon pulled her up by her hair and slapped her daughter.
“Don’t you drag Greg into this! We all know what happened. I never thought you were that kind of girl, Julie. But here you are.”
Sharon spit in Ethan’s eye. He was too dazed to wipe her insult away.
“Enthrall to one of your johns. Greg said---”
Julie couldn’t stand it. Her mother had been manipulated into believing her a whore, but Ethan was the last person to blame for the place to which she had fallen. Pushing away from the woman who bore her, Julie fell to Ethan’s side and held him close.
“Ethan saved me. But he wouldn’t have had to if Greg hadn’t---”
“Shut your fucking mouth!”
With the shears poised for attack, Greg rushed forward and lifted Julie from the ground. He pressed the sharp blade to her neck as he spoke fast.
“Sharon?”
Julie looked to her mother as Ethan coughed and bled on the grass. She focused on her mother’s eyes as Greg kept spinning his web.
“It was Kim!” he cried out. “She knew. She said that it’d be fun for them. How could I doubt her? She was always Julie’s good friend and---”
Finding a new strength, Julie turned and started smashing her small, shaking fists on every part of Greg that tried to contain her, and she was able to leave Greg’s hold and slip back to Ethan’s side. She felt him relieved by her return, and he pressed her close, moved her body behind his as his phone kept buzzing.
Morales.
Julie prayed for her to just show up and aim her gun at the true criminal, but she was pushed aside as Greg lifted Ethan’s body from the earth and held the point of the blade at his chest.
And somehow, impossibly, Julie was more scared than she had ever been.
“No! No please!”
Ethan shifted his stance, but the blade still punctured his already injured arm, and Ethan screamed at the point of impact. Julie tore off her shirt and tried to stop the flow as a new voice mercifully entered the fray.
“Hands up!”
Julie pressed Ethan’s bleeding body close as Greg was led away in cuffs and Sharon squealed at her ruined garden. Nothing made sense, but Julie just held Ethan as a team of medics converged on the scene.
She held the hand of his newly injured arm the whole way. Ethan smiled at the sight of her so close, free of further harm, and Julie rested her head against his shoulder as the ambulance moved through the day swiftly becoming night.
She was forced from his side as doctors tended to her wound. Even though her own body was a mass of aches had scars, she couldn’t bear the thought that he would leave her. After what seemed like an eternity, a doctor told her that she could go to him. Morals guided her body to Ethan’s, but they were stopped by the return of Sharon Heller’s hands on Julie’s arms.
“Julie…”
Morales shot daggers  at the woman with her eyes, and she seemed ready to retrieve her gun and help Julie away. But Julie wanted to hear her mother out, hoped that she about to assure her daughter that she’d kicked Greg to the curb and wanted him to suffer as Julie had.
Please, Mom.
Sharon smoothed her hands across her face.
“I’ve… I’ve just come from your---”
“Don’t,” Julie interrupted her.
“What?”
“Don’t you call him my father. Or stepfather. Or anything but what he really is.
“I’m…” 
Sharon took a deep breath, and Julie watched her search the air carefully for her next words. 
“He’s… he’s…”
A pervert? A psycho? A freak? He was strapped for a solution and could think of nothing better or easier than selling the little girl in his midst to the highest bidder. It was an awful whim, and Kim’s body was cold, growing colder, as a result of loss of unwilling bodies. So Julie and Kim? They were available and convenient and constantly penetrated by men that neither girl wanted to know. But at least the fault was firmly planted where it finally belonged, and Julie could start to make a kind of peace with the mother she had ripped from Greg’s awful clutches, and---
All of Julie’s thoughts evaporated as Sharon took hold of a single lock of her daughter’s hair. Julie felt her mother cringe. What could be worse than her own mother ashamed of her when she was the one who’d been targeted, lured, tortured?
“He’s… sorry, Julie.”
And there it was. And it was much worse.
“He’s… he’s sorry? For Christ’s sake, Mom!”
Morales stated to speak, but Sharon kept going.
“He had no idea that it would be like… like this.”
She scanned Julie’s trembling body in Morales’ hold. Julie felt the detective keeping her close, and Sharon just made more excuses for her husband.
“It’s… he didn’t know, Julie. It… he said it was never supposed to take so long. And…”
“What?”
“It was just supposed to be a few nights. He had… he had obligations. But it got out of hand. He’s absolutely devastated that it went so far. And---”
Julie couldn’t believe that she was excusing the sins of the man who had violated her only child, and she found herself past the point where it made sense and smacked her mother in the mouth. Sharon moved back and started to protest when Julie left Morales’ hold and slammed her mother into the first wall that she could find.
“One second was too long. I was in hell, Mom. Kim’s not coming home. How can you---?”
Sharon removed her daughter’s hand from the side of her head. Her clasp was brief, and she quickly flung Julie back into Morales’ waiting arms. Julie’s body buckled as it fell, and she looked up to see her mother staring down at her with something like scorn.
“What did you do to make them want you in… in that way?”
The simple notion that Julie’s body, bound and unwilling, was the guiltiest party in this mess was more than she could take. She longed to smack to her mother again, smack some sense into her, but she barely had the strength to think. All she could do was try not to cry. Sharon didn’t deserve her tears.
“I… I can’t look at you anymore,” Sharon finally said. “And your father… would be so disheartened to see what you’ve become. First chance you had, you couldn’t wait to get back to your… john. I need some air.”
And with that, she turned away. Julie could no longer fight back her tears as Morales held her sobbing form and gently stroked her hair.
“Let it all out, Julie. It’s okay.”
She didn’t believe Morales, but her tears flowed freely against the woman’s sleeve. She wept for Kim and her father and the mother who was also now essentially dead to her. As she ran out of tears, Morales helped her to her feet.
“It’s over now, Julie.” 
She barely believed that as she was led down a hallway of bright white light. Julie was dazed until Morales slowed her steps before a closed door.
“No,” Julie whimpered as she turned her head from side to side.
“Julie---”
“I don’t want to see Greg again.”
Morales pressed Julie close and lightly touched her hair.
“No Greg. No Pete. But there’s someone else who wants to see you.”
Morales opened the door on Ethan pierced and tubed. His head shifted at the sound of the door opening, and Julie met the eyes that had been forced to sleep via drugs. When he smiled at her, Julie rushed to him and held him. Ethan winced under her arms, but her hands found his face and caressed his cheeks as he struggled to speak.
“Juliet?”
Her eyes moved down his reinjured arm, and she touched the bandage. Time and again he had risked everything to try to make her safe, and Ethan kept paying a price for his gallantry. If he had any sense, he would get as far away from her as possible, and if she had any strength, she’d send him off and linger in loneliness to keep him safe.
“He… he didn’t hurt you again,” Ethan said as he ran his fingers through her hair.
“No.”
“So you’re finally safe.”
Morales left the room, and when Julie felt her gone, she cried again into his chest. He held her with his good arm and slowly ran his fingers down her back.
“My… my mother says it’s my fault. She actually blames me for this. Ethan?”
She lifted her shattered face to his kind eyes. She was free, she was home, but she had lost everything to get back to where it all started.
“I’m all alone now, Ethan. I don’t… I don’t have anyone.”
He steadied his gaze in her eyes and softly touched her face.
“That’s not true, Juliet. You have me.” 
22
It seemed the only thing left to do.
While Ethan recovered with Julie at his side, he made a call to someone at a place called Arcadia and arranged to have the few things left that were precious to Julie brought to his apartment. When she asked him who would be there to see that the boxes of photos and other trinkets would make their way safely through his doors, Ethan arched his eyebrow with an ironic smile.
“Nick.”
The neighbor was working overtime to get back into Ethan’s good graces. And Julie’s. It occurred to her that lewd comments didn’t necessarily make for a lewd person. Nick’s comments had been made in the light of day, not hidden behind promises that led to pain, and she realized that she was going to have to try to trust if she was going to survive. Living seemed out of the question. She was far too broken, and her head was full of too many painful memories to imagine a place where she would ever be truly happy.
But at least she had Ethan. It was something.
Morales and Leo Barber stopped in on the morning of his release. 
“So the hero’s going home,” Leo quipped.
Ethan blushed in the face of the label, but Julie knew that he had earned it.
“So what’s the word?” Ethan asked.
“Mr. Heller is en route to Rikers,” Leo said. “He’s being most cooperative. Pointing out all the places we’ve yet to uncover.”
The idea that it was so massive was horrifying. Julie pictured endless lines of other girls snatched form innocent days and forced to serve cruel masters in the most humiliating ways. Pete had named names. Greg was naming more. But how far did the thing stretch? Were there pockets of hell on earth that would never be found out? Would the girls languishing there be unendingly violated? Or would they be left to starve and thirst and die as arrest after arrest was made? If Julie couldn’t see their homecomings, at least she could look to a moment when their suffering would cease. As she walked with Ethan out of the hospital into the light of day, Julie envisioned survival as hiding until she was with the others. With Kim and her father. It seemed like the only thing to look forward to.
“Okay, Juliet?”
She nodded on cue without meaning it as they climbed into a taxi and drove back to the only place she could almost call home.
Nick was waiting for them when they arrived, and he helped the cabbie usher Ethan up the steps. Julie moved slowly behind them. Unlike Ethan, she knew she would sleep as soon as she had the chance.
Nick paid the driver and started showing Julie all of her things, untouched, still in boxes. 
“I didn’t unpack them,” Nick said. “Figured… figured you’d know where you wanted them.”
They could stay in the boxes for all she cared. Julie didn’t want to remember the life she’d lost. 
“Thank you,” Julie whispered.
She cast Ethan a single glance and retreated to his bedroom. As Nick asked Ethan if he was alright, and as Ethan assured his neighbor that in no time his arm would be as good as knew, Julie kicked off her shoes, striped off her street clothes, and slipped under the blankets. In no time, she sank into sleep. There were no nightmares. No dreams. Just a blackness that mirrored her soul, and that’s where she wanted to stay.
For a full week, Ethan obliged.
He checked on her in the seventh morning and asked her if she needed anything. Without fail, Julie simply twisted her head and begged him off. 
“You have to eat, Juliet.”
He presented her a ready-made sandwich and a glass of milk. Even though she was hungry, Julie ate without savoring and consumed the food to survive. There was nothing left to enjoy. Ethan appeared glad once she cleaned the plate, but she caught a faint clouding of his eyes as she moved back to the bed and settled her body under the sheets, covered her head with one of the pillows.
“Juliet?”
She stayed silent and finally left his eyes. The days ticked by, and as she had during the months of captivity, Julie lost track of the calendar. Her mind often drifted to the other girls left behind, and soon she was past the point of hoping for every rescue. There would be more Kims, more casualties, and Julie started to number herself among the dead.
Then Ethan altered is approach.
“Rise and shine!”
Julie blinked as he parted the curtains and sat on the edge of the bed with a warm smile. She tried to turn away from him, but Ethan kept gently kept her upright as he touched her arms.
“I think you could use a change of scenery,” Ethan said. She noticed that his arm was devoid of the bandage and took some comfort in his recovery. He reached into one of the drawers where he had finally deposited her clothes, and his healed arm reappeared with a pair of jeans and a violet turtleneck. Part of her was grateful for the item that would completely conceal her arms, but Julie just wanted to go back to sleep and try to forget, which was impossible.
“Ethan, I---”
“Humor me, Juliet. Simple walk around the block. The fresh air will do you good.”
She started to protest but didn’t have the strength to object. Resigned to his offer, Julie took the clothes and dressed as he left the room. When she finally emerged with her greasy hair pressed in a ponytail behind her covered neck , Ethan had one of her tweed jackets in his hands, and he eased Julie’s arms into the garment.
“It’s getting colder,” Ethan said. Under the blankets, Julie had no conception of the change in temperature.
Then he offered his hand.
“Ready?”
Julie nodded faintly and let him lead her down his steps. When they hit the street, she felt the first chill of fall and wished that she could be back in the heat of the early summer. Before everything had changed forever. Before Greg became a monster but no worse than her mother, and she just let Ethan lead her down the street. As she briefly met the other pedestrians’ eyes, she was struck with the thought that somehow they still knew, that they were pitying and judging her in equal degrees. A shiver crept up her spine, and it was all too much too soon.
“No.”
“Juliet?”
“I can’t be here.”
She twisted away from him and ran back to his stoop as he followed and kept calling out her name.
Ethan found her sitting on the steps, holding herself as she cried, and he sighed at the sight of her. So now she had disappointed him, too, and she had no idea where else she would go. Ethan didn’t speak as he lifted her limp body from the concrete and carried her back to his bed. Fully dressed, Julie crawled under the sheets and couldn’t help but cry as she felt him hovering above her. She couldn’t bear to meet his face, and she kept crying as he closed the door.
It was one thing to go out in the world when there was some hope that things might click back into place once the shock had passed, and her mother could stand to love her again. It was something else entirely, far worse, when she was abandoned in favor of Greg and his pleas that things just got out of hand. What comfort could those words ever be to Amanda Beyer? And now she’d let Ethan down, the one person who had tried to make believe that a return to some kind of normalcy was even an option. She could do nothing but cry herself back to sleep.
She awoke with the light growing dim through the undraped window. From somewhere she couldn’t see, a baby was crying, and that sound forced Juliet out from under the covers. She slowly opened the door to Ethan’s bedroom and looked for him in every corner. When she didn’t see him, she started to become resigned to letting him down, but then there was a pounding of footsteps, and then he reappeared with a stunned smile when he saw her standing,
“Beat me to the punch, I guess,” he said as he shuffled where he stood.
He inched closer to her and offered his hand again.
“This morning?”
Julie waited for the other shoe to fall.
“My fault. Bad idea. But you still need some air.”
His tender hand found hers.
“Do you trust me?”
She still did. As he led her out of the apartment again, Julie prepared to go down, but Ethan guided her up. They passed a door, and the baby’s cries intensified at their nearness to the source. They kept going and soon emerged on a rooftop.
And Juliet couldn’t help but gasp.
The place was full of flowers, and Julie was drawn to the scent of chrysanthemums in green vase. She walked through the instant garden and touched the petals. Like everything else, nature had seemed the enemy after they ran through a bloodied forest. But here, with the city skyline behind them, nature was once again something friendly. Julie took a deep breath of fresh air and closed her eyes around a bouquet of roses. She felt Ethan’s hands on her shoulders and turned to him slowly with moist eyes.
“How did you---?
“Nick’s got this… friend. Florist down the street. She hooked me up.”
Julie looked around at the garden just for her, and she fell to the roof with a set of new tears. But these weren’t bitter or hopeless. There might still be some goodness left in the world, and she needed to find a way to drink it in.
Before her fell to her side, Ethan plucked a mum and presented it to her carefully. Julie took the flower and inhaled its scent.
“Oh. And there’s something else.”
He reached into his pocket, and his hand reappeared with a small heart affixed to a tangled chain. Julie knew if by sight and took it quickly.
“Morales came by while you were asleep. They… they found this in the woods. It’s yours, right?”
Her locket. Snatched from her neck before she was forced into servitude. How had it survived? Julie’s fingers grazed the image of her father, and she knew that her mother had been wrong. He was far from disheartened by what had happened to her. No. He had been there from the moment when she first prayed for rescue, and through some power that she couldn’t imagine, he had led Ethan to her, and this was his way of telling her that she had to at least try to go on. Her fingers trembled around the clasp.
“I got it.”
Ethan placed the locket around her neck and patted her face once it was back where it belonged.
“Better?” Ethan asked.
“I… I’ll get there.”
They lived like friends. Sharing meals and stories. Ethan went back to work, and Julie resolved to return his hospitality by making his apartment a home. She scrubbed and dusted until the place fairly sparkled, and when she realized that that job was done, she decided to give him something else. Ethan returned one night with a pizza, and saw her stirring pots over a live stove.
“What---?”
“Sit,” she said.
She spooned out a freshly made stew.
“It goes nice on a cold night,” Julie said. Ethan tasted her creation and nodded his approval.
“And there’s something else.”
Ethan waited for her answer, and she shared that she had secured a part time job.
“Really? But… no. No that’s great. Where?”
“Your friend’s friend’s flower shop. She had a sign up, and… and I thought I’d return the favor.”
“That’s great, Juliet. Really.”
She was pleased as they ate. A clerk among petals wasn’t a dream job by any stretch, but maybe this was where she was supposed to be.
“What’s this?”
Julie showed Ethan a gold-leafed invitation. He seemed to know what it meant on first sight.
“Girl from work,” he said. “She’s getting married. I don’t know if I’ll even go…”
Julie traced her fingers over the envelope. The idea of being among so many strangers was still scary, but then she touched her returned locket and decided to try.
“I… I could go with you.”
Ethan looked at her with muted surprise.
“Do… I mean if you want to.”
She did.
Searching for a dress proved more difficult than she could have imagined. Strapless and backless was the name of the game, and Juliet could don neither.
“Can I help you, honey?”
Her eyes turned to a friendly shop girl.
“I… uh. I need something… more… demure?”
The clerk didn’t need to know why. She simply looked Julie up and down and pressed her fingers to her chin.
“I have just the thing.”
She emerged from Ethan’s bedroom in a form-fitting gown that stretched over her arms and up to her neck. When Ethan saw her clad in royal blue, he let out a sigh and shambled to her side.
“You look… you are amazing.”
The wedding proved a rainy affair with the intended outdoor ceremony taking place behind windows beaded with water. Ethan had warned that Donna would be disappointed by the dismal forecast after so much careful planning, but all Julie saw as Donna walked down the aisle was a glowing bride anxious to be joined to a tuxedoed man who looked equally overjoyed at the prospect of lives about to be linked for all times.
When they recited their vows, Julie took Ethan’s hand.
She was shy at the start of the reception. A part of her still feared that her scars were showing, but then Donna appeared to thank her guests for their attendance, and when she saw Ethan, when she saw Julie, she kissed her hands.
“So you’re the one that got him out of his shell. You must be pretty special.”
And when he spun her around the dance floor, that’s how Julie felt. Special.
They returned his apartment, their apartment, and Ethan started to bid her a good night.
“Wait.”
Ethan paused before her, and reached for her as trembled.
“What’s wrong, Juliet?”
Even not knowing if she could, she stood on her toes and lightly kissed his lips. Ethan only reciprocated for a second before turning his head away.
“Juliet?”
She could never go back, but she wanted to go forward. She wanted to know what it was to have someone touch her without malice and ask her if the hands on her had permission. Taking his hand, she led him to the foot of his bed and took a deep breath.
“I… I…”
The memories were fighting their way to the surface, but Julie worked hard to drive them down. She didn’t want to be the burnt out shell undeserving of love. She wanted to be loved, to know love, and Ethan had always been nothing but gentle every time he saved her.
She needed that one more time.
“Juliet?”
She turned her face to his as he wiped a stray strand of hair from her face.
“You… you don’t have to. If… if you don’t want to.”
“I… I want to be beautiful,” she said.
He took her hair in his hands.
“But you are. That never left you.”
Resolving to see this through, she reached behind her back and unzipped her dress. Julie stood before him with her scars under his eyes, and when Ethan was slow to move, she feared that she had made a mistake.
Then he leaned closer and kissed the marks on her shoulders. His lips seemed to wipe the pain away, and he folded her into his arms as he stroked the faint mark, almost entirely concealed by makeup, that still sat across her face.
“Ethan?”
He lowered his lips to her brow.
“Nothing you don’t want. Nothing you’re not ready for.”
This, with him, was as ready as she would ever be, and she embraced him as he eased her body to the bed. 
As he removed his jacket, Ethan kissed her gently, and when their eyes met again, she struggled to beat back the sensation of uninvited hands. He saw the places in which she had been hurt and held her face.
“Do you want me to stop?”
She closed her eyes and pictured the moment that had been stolen from her over and over again. She had desired nothing it being gentle, and then it was everything but. Brutal and harsh, and Julie thought that she would never get the chance back. The summer had been so cruel. But now it was winter, cool and quiet, and she just wanted to be loved. But she needed a voice connected to the hands.
“Keep talking to me.”
“I…”
“Let me know it’s you. Be here and be you. Ethan?”
He stood and undressed completely then lay beside her and touched her still trembling body. When his hands started to move away, she reached for them and allowed them to stay at her bare sides.
He lowered his lips to her ear.
“This is me,” he said. “This is my hand.”
He hesitated slightly before he caressed her breasts.
“This is me. I would never do anything to hurt you.”
Julie nodded and spread her legs slightly as he slowly entered her private place. The initial impact couldn’t help but bring back the memories, and when she cried out, he started to leave her.
“No. Tell me it’s you.”
He stroked her scarred cheek and kissed her eyes.
“It’s me, Juliet. I’ll never hurt you. I couldn’t.”
She nodded, and her body opened to take his back. When he was firmly inside, as he whispered that she was safe, that he would never do anything that she didn’t want, Julie unfurled her arms around his back. She stayed in his eyes as he pushed himself, soft yet firm, into her. She was on the brink of screaming for him to stop when he kissed her lips and then rested his lips against her ears.
“You’re beautiful. You’re strong. You’re… everything.”
Ethan’s voice trailed off as he warmed her insides, and Julie finally knew what sex was supposed to be. She reached for his neck and held him close as he returned her embrace and kissed the base of her stained throat. Julie pressed him closer as he finished inside her, and she was awash in relief as she finally understood what it was to be touched with mutual desire, and she kissed his mouth as they both breathed heavily towards sleep.
Julie awoke first to a surprise.
Ethan Graff was out like a light, and Julie caressed his face when she finally saw him resting. As much as she wanted his eyes again, she slipped from his side and washed her face in the bathroom sink. When he looked to the glass, she could still feel the place between her legs where Ethan had entered her. It hadn’t hurt. It had been kind. It was everything that she had wanted her first time to be. Hard as it would be, Julie resolved to make this the moment where she first knew a man, and even if there were more nightmares, she knew that Ethan would steady he through the storm as he’d always done.
She returned to bed and carefully caressed his hair as kept dreaming. When he shifted, Julie took her hand away and just watched him as he slept even as she wanted his voice in her ears again.
Then he woke up.
Ethan smiled at his first sight of her, and she lay at his side.
“Juliet.”
“You slept,” she whispered into his bare chest. “You needed it.”
He met her eyes and kissed her mouth. When she didn’t flinch, Ethan held her closer and sighed against her neck.
She shifted slightly as she remembered her scars.
“Juliet?”
She turned her eyes back to his.
“I… I wish that you could have known me… before.”
Ethan answered her desire with his entire embrace.
“I know you now. That’s all that matters.”
And maybe he was right. Julie knew that there would be other truths to tell, and while she loathed the idea of seeing Pete and Greg behind a defense table, her mother sobbing a few rows back, Julie had this place to return to.
Ethan kissed her scarred cheek.
“It’s Sunday” he said.
Julie moved to hold him closer.
“So it is,” she said, finally comprehending the meaning of time again.
“What… what do you want to do today?” he asked.
Julie sighed and rested her body in his arms.
“Can we just stay like this for a while?”
He looked into her eyes as he kissed he lips.
“Sure. We can stay like this forever.”



#   #   #
About the author

Riley Moreno has lived in Minneapolis for the last 13 years. She loves the uptown, the Walker Art Center, going to the movies and hanging out with her friends. She mainly writes Young Adult Paranormal, Romance and Thriller and can be super lazy at times.

Please please please leave a “Like” and Review on Amazon If you have enjoyed this book or if you think it was the worst one you ever read (I hope not!!). It helps me rank higher in searches and in turn helps me sell more books and make a better living :).  Please share with your friends and family and follow me on facebook or twitter. Links below.
Really appreciate it!



Please leave me a review!
Also check me out on :
Facebook & Twitter
http://www.facebook.com/morenoriley
http://www.twitter.com/rileymoreno
Click and download my other books too if you have enjoyed this. Part 2 is coming out in August 2014! 

Riley's other books
