GOLDEN OLDIES
CONTEMPORARY NOVELS
ROSS RICHDALE
Four Novels Boxed in One
© 2014 Ross Richdale
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
*
Catalyst
After a cave-in at Misty Depths Catacombs Wyoming, Renee finds herself stranded with a broken ankle and two strangers, Lem, a business man and a runaway teenager, Courtney. They must trust and depend on each other, not knowing whether they will survive the ordeal. The cave is the catalyst but the events depend on the new catalyst, Renee, who finds herself drawn into the lives of her companions
Eagles Claw Lake
In the remote Eagle's Claw Lake, Reid and Kate use their amphibian airplane to help Lorie escape from a commune led by a fanatical leader, Peter Littlejohn. 
But that is just the beginning of the terror as the truth about the commune is revealed and they desperately try to get help. Why has Erika, Lorie's elder sister, returned and is found savagely beaten in the commune's cabin cruiser?
Like Twigs in a Storm
While converting a closed country school into a summer batch near Wellington, New Zealand, Steve Garnet meets neighbour, Lavina Ryland. Their friendship soon develops into a romance that hurtles them into danger and changes their lives and the life of Lavina's daughter, Cathy forever when they are abandoned in remote bush country to fend for themselves.
Long Valley Road
This fast paced novel combines human emotions of love, empathy, revenge and greed with the sheer force of Mother Nature. The inhabitants of Long Valley Road in New Zealand have their lives changed forever by the events happening around them. Join them and see how an American immigrant family surmounts the problems about to descend upon them all.
*


CATALYST
Ross Richdale
There is an a cave-in at Misty Depths Catacombs, Wyoming and Renee Bonnet finds herself stranded with a broken ankle and two strangers, Lem, a business man and a runaway teenager, Courtney. The cave is the catalyst but the events depend on the new catalyst, Renee, who finds herself drawn into the lives of her companions
Catalyst is a gripping action story of three people trapped in a cave together. They learn to trust and depend on each other not knowing whether they will survive the ordeal or not. It is a romantic drama that combines the sheer force of nature with the frailty of human emotions, greed, jealousy, passion, companionship and love. 
 This is a rescue story that does not stop when the victims are rescued but continues, as real life does, to mould new lives for the lonely characters.
*

CHAPTER 1
Renee Bonnett was scared, really scared. Her heart raced as another cloud of fine dust clouded her safety glasses but she did not dare move her sweaty hands from the wall to wipe them clean.
Take slow deep breaths and relax, she advised herself. Yes, that was easy to say in the security of the small reception room of the national park service building. Why did she insist on avoiding the commercialized cave of Wyoming Bighorn Caverns for the unexplored Misty Depths Catacombs nearer the Montana border? Was she trying to prove something to herself again or had the name attracted her? 
She swallowed, shook a strand of auburn hair aside, and turned her head. The light from the helmet's flashlight moved with her to cast an eerie beam along the wall. Half a dozen paces ahead, Sam, their Native American guide, turned and grinned. .
"How's it going?" he asked.
"Fine," she lied and attempted deep breathing.
"The roof gets lower but this is as narrow as it goes," Sam continued.
That was all she needed.
The cave was barely six feet wide at this point, but one redeeming factor was the ceiling that towered into darkness above them and gave some feeling of space to relieve the claustrophobia. After an hour of narrow, twisting passages, Renee was ready to return to the main cavern but the other three plodded relentlessly on.
"It gets to you a bit." A second male voice said from behind.
Renee turned, her flashlight picked up the speaker and she smiled. This quiet guy, Lem she remembered his name was, had spoken little during their expedition, but when he did his voice sounded reassuring. It was as if he knew she was anxious. He was third in line with a teenage girl whose name she'd forgotten, came up in the rear.
"Yes," she replied. "I love the huge caverns with the stalactites and stalagmites, but these narrow passages…" Her voice trailed off.
"You're lucky," Lem said. "I'm so wide I reckon I'll be wedged like a cork in a bottle if it gets any narrower, while you'll stroll along as if it was High Street."
"Doubt it," she replied and had to chuckle. His bulky jacket, one with zip pockets everywhere, did make him look rotund. 
His chatter helped her gain confidence as she concentrated on the next section. The cave twisted so much that her companions were often out of sight with only their flashlight beams dancing along the walls beside her. Their heavy breathing and the crunch of footfalls provided the security she needed as she bowed her head to avoid hitting the limestone above.
"A short section on all fours is coming up." Sam's voice floated back and Renee had to smile at Lem's audible sigh.
All fours!
Hell, it was slithering forward on one's stomach and worse, far worse, than anything yet encountered. She used elbows and knees to propel her body forward so she shut her eyes and tried to imagine a blue sky above.
"This is the bit where it's so much easier for you," Lem panted from behind. "I think I'd better take my jacket off."
His flashlight dropped back. Renee swallowed and wriggled on until the walls parted, the ceiling disappeared into darkness, and they could stand again. She accepted a fruit bar distributed by Sam and wiped her safety glasses.
"How are you, now?" Lem asked
"Not too bad, thanks," she replied with forced lightness. "That last bit was claustrophobic, though."
"I'm hot," Sam confessed and removed the backpack he was carrying. "The main cavern makes it all worthwhile. We can take a different route back. It's longer, but isn't such a squeeze."
"Now he tells us," Lem said with a chuckle.
*
Renee was in the next narrow section when a distant rumble became a roar. The walls gyrated. Before her mind could comprehend what was happening the ceiling split open and a deluge of gray earth dropped in front of her eyes.
It was sheer terror. Flashlight beams twisted around and disappeared. In complete darkness, she felt gritty sludge grip her body. It was as if some giant was rubbing sandpaper down her body. The air filled with choking dust, stung her eyes, and she couldn't breathe.
Seconds later, another sensation pierced her petrified mind… she was falling.
A hollow rasping scream that ricocheted from a dozen places was her own, for she was not a narrow passage but a massive open space. The darkness spun, her head hit something hard and her helmet banged. The sensation of vertigo filled her mind, her stomach lurched and she felt dizzy and disoriented. Her limbs stung from gravel burns. She heard a sort of clunk and excruciating pain shot through her right foot. Something was wrong!
After an eternity it seemed, she landed on something soft, heard a gasp, and realized there was a person beneath her.
More sensations.
The falling motion stopped, but she still slid on a pile of debris. Her flashlight and helmet had gone. Choking chalk dust filled her mouth. A guttural cough cleared this, but the particles continued to tickle her throat. Lem slipped by in a pile of rubble with his flashlight lighting up a million dust particles. Beyond him, another flashlight jerked haphazardly.
At least she wasn't alone. Her leg hit something and she shrieked. It was too painful; her mind could not cope and she slumped unconscious onto a cavern floor.
*
"Hi Renee," said the soft voice. "Can you hear me?"
Renee felt an arm around her shoulders and a cold moist object pressed to her lips. God, her mouth was like chalk. She sipped. Water shot into her mouth to send her into a spasm of coughing as she opened her eyes.
"Take it slowly, now," Lem said and held the plastic mug to her mouth again.
"What happened?" Renee gasped and attempted to sit up. A spasm of pain shot up her right side.
"You twisted or broke your ankle, I'm afraid," Lem said. "Otherwise, I think you're fine. It's good to have someone to talk to."
Renee pushed her hands back, and with Lem's help, managed to pull herself up into a sitting position. She glanced around and saw millions of tiny blue pinpoints of light far above. Could they be outside in the darkness? It was warm and still with Lem's helmet flashlight the only source of illumination.
"Where are we?" She gasped.
"A cavern. Those are glowworms above us."
"But how?"
"I'm not sure. When we were walking along the passage I heard a rumble and glanced up to see the ceiling coming down. I fell and just kept going. The floor wasn't there any longer."
"That's right. I remember seeing the ceiling collapse."
"Yeah." The man grinned and held out the mug of water. "We dropped twenty feet and slid a couple hundred more. Your ankle was probably caught between some rocks. When we reached the bottom I saw it was twisted. Both of you were out cold."
"Both of us? Who else is here?"
"Courtney, the youngster who was behind me. She was knocked out in the fall."
Renee muttered, "What about the guide?"
"Sam's nowhere around, so chances are he wasn't caught in the landslide. Our backpacks came with us and I found a coil of rope. Sam probably tossed it down for us to use and has gone back to get help. It'll be three hours at least before anybody can get back to us. We're a fair way down." Lem shrugged. "My biggest casualty is my jacket. I can't find it anywhere. Remember, I'd just taken it off. It's a pity. I had bits and pieces in my pockets." 
Renee studied her companion for the first time when he stood and walked a few paces to examine the girl. Lem would be a few years older than her. He was clean-shaven with a five o'clock shadow across his tanned face. His dark hair receded, but like his weight, did not detract from his muscular appearance.
Lem glanced up. "It's the bump I'm worried about," he said in a soft voice as he unfastened the girl's helmet and placed it on the ground. "She got a real wallop on the head. The helmet absorbed most of the blow, but a bruise is appearing."
He held the long blonde hair up to show an egg-shaped bruise behind the left ear.
"Are you a doctor?" Renee asked.
"No such luck," Lem replied and chuckled. "I've done a couple first aid courses. That's about the limit of my medical knowledge." 
He placed his backpack under Courtney's head, rubbed her hands, and gave her a gentle shake. Apart from a slight moan, there was no reaction, so he covered her with a jacket and turned back to Renee.
"At least it's warm in here," she said.
"These deep caves usually are," Lem commented. "It could be a hundred degrees outside or freezing below, but in here it stays about seventy all year round."
Their eyes linked and they both smiled.
Renee coughed, grimaced in pain, and looked past her companions. Three stalagmites stood like Roman columns a few feet away. Beyond was darkness with no sign whatsoever of the hole they'd fallen through. In the opposite direction, the glowworms seemed a hundred miles away. She pushed her good leg through loose white dust and wriggled her bottom into a more comfortable position.
"Well, I'd rather be here than in that narrow tunnel," Lem said. He frowned at Renee's dysfunctional leg. "I'll get us something to eat. I'm sure it's about time we got stuck into those pre-packaged lunches we were given."
"No thanks," Renee answered. "I doubt if my stomach could handle anything at the moment, but I wouldn't mind more to drink."
"Sure," Lem replied. "Hot or cold? There's a thermos bottle of coffee."
"Coffee please, but what about yourself? Did you get hurt during your fall?"
"Abrasions and bruises. Nothing worse. I guess I was lucky." He stood up. "I'll get the coffee." 
*
Two hours turned into three and then into four, but Lem's constant prattle kept Renee optimistic. Their younger companion woke to a semi delirious state and was violently ill. Though open, the girl's eyes rolled into her head and she did not respond to Renee or Lem's voices. After jerking in a spasm she lapsed back into unconsciousness.
"Concussion," Lem muttered as he felt the girl's pulse. "I think she's over the worst, though."
Renee nodded. "Poor kid. I hope Sam arrives back soon."
Though she didn't want to burden Lem by complaining she didn't feel good. Her body ached and her head thumped in a terrible headache.
Lem glanced at her and frowned. "I'll get you more painkillers," he whispered.
"More?"
Lem reddened in the glare of the flashlight. "I added a dose to that water I gave you," he admitted. "Some object to pills, but you weren't in a better state than Courtney is now so I..." He gave a shrug. 
"I don't have any hang-ups," Renee said. "Well, no health ones. If it helps to relieve the pain, I'm all for it." 
She appreciated this considerate man and was curious about him. In the hours they were together he'd said nothing about his personal life. They'd talked about caves, tourism, a bit on current events, but nothing personal. 
"Do you mind if I turn the light out?" Lem's voice interrupted her thoughts. "It might pay to conserve power."
"Sure, go ahead." 
Nothing else was said, but Lem's voice gave her the impression he was concerned about the time that had gone by. Blackness soon became gray with the closer cave walls visible. Overhead, the number of tiny pins of blue glowworm lights multiplied by the minute, like a gigantic cathedral. Accompanying the view was complete silence, seldom noticed on the surface with the usual wind, insects, birds and noises of human habitation. 
"It's beautiful," she murmured. "I never realized there were so many glowworms."
"It is," came the reply. "They respond to noise, you know. Make a loud sound and they switch off. They're one of the few sources of cold light in our world."
*
When Renee forced her eyes open her headache had gone and her damaged leg felt numb rather than painful. The sound of sighing reached her ears. She listened and heard gentle snores and silence before the noise began again. Lem was a lump in the darkness a few feet away, while elsewhere only the familiar glowworms and the faint outline of the cave wall could be seen.
"Oh, damn," muttered a female voice.
Renee forced herself into a sitting position and strained her eyes. "Courtney?"
The teenager leapt around in fright and two blue eyes focused on her. She was a blonde girl of average build who wore a loose-fitting sweater and jeans. 
"I need to get to the toilet, but with Lem here?"
"There's a trowel with our gear. Go and dig a hole. A toilet roll is in my backpack."
"Thanks," the teenager replied with a tone that sounded anything but thankful. She stood, found the necessary commodities and disappeared into the darkness.
Renee grinned but her expression changed to a frown after she glanced at her watch. It was almost midnight. The accident had happened nine hours before. Why hadn't a rescue team arrived? She forced herself into a standing position to relieve cramps and was about to look for something to munch when the girl returned with a sheepish expression.
"I'm sorry I growled, Renee," she said. "You were asleep earlier when Lem explained what had happen. God, I was sick as a dog but he just chatted away." She looked at Renee's ankle. "Look, relax. I'll help. What do you want?"
"No, it's okay," Renee replied. "I need to restore my circulation, that's all." 
Courtney opened the backpacks and found two apples, a fruit bar and a couple boxes of raisins. She smiled, handed half the food to Renee, sat down and bit into the apple. "Damn mess we're in, isn't it?" 
"The rescuers will be here soon."
"You hope. I reckon if they were going to come they'd be here now." 
"They'll come. Even if Sam didn't get to the surface, our names are registered at the park headquarters."
"Pity," the girl whispered.
Renee stared at the newcomer with concern. "What do you mean?" 
"Oh nothing. It came out wrong. For Lem and your sakes, I hope they find us." She turned to glance at the sleeping man. "For someone his age, he's a great guy, isn't he?"
Courtney's cynical remarks did not go unnoticed but Renee decided not to press for an explanation. "Yes, Lem couldn't have been more helpful," she replied. "I like him too but tell me, how are you?"
"Better now, thanks. That's if I don't count the woozy stomach, sore throat and thumping head." The teenager studied Renee. "Are you a teacher? You sound like one."
"No." Renee said with a laugh. "A lawyer, actually."
"Young for that caper, aren't you? The only young lawyers I know are on TV programs. In real life they're all old farts."
"Well, I just graduated two years ago and I'm a junior assistant with a law firm in a town north of Seattle."
"Never been out there," Courtney continued. "This is as far west as I've ever been."
"So where's your hometown?"
"Nowhere," the girl retorted. "I was in Florida before I decided to try it here. I was told smaller places are better for jobs."
"I see," Renee replied. "And have you got one?"
"Yeah, at a local motel." She shrugged. "The pay's lousy but at least I'm treated like a person here and get a cabin to live in. When I'm not working I like to get out into the wilderness." She gave a slight grin. "This is my first time in a cave."
Renee frowned. Courtney was no more than eighteen and in spite of her efforts to cover it, had an educated quality to her voice. Why wasn't she graduating from high school and moving onto college instead of doing low paid manual labour?
"You disapprove?" Courtney said with a glare.
"No. Curious, that's all. I'm sorry to sound presumptuous but I wonder why you seem alone and doing a manual job. All your mannerisms point to a well-educated young lady."
"That obvious, is it?" 
Renee nodded
"And what do you damn know about life?" The girl's voice rose an octave.
Renee sighed. "As I said, I'm sorry Courtney. What you're doing is none of my business."
"Yeah," Courtney turned away. "That's the trouble in this country."
"What's that?"
"Nobody cares about anything. If I'd been killed today, I'd rank half an inch on page thirty-two of the local paper. However, if I shot a couple tourists in the process, I'd be a headline across the world. Only the nuts are noticed today."
"Possibly but does it matter what others think? It's what you are that's important."
"To whom?"
"Yourself, your friends and family."
"They don't care," the girl whispered.
"So you had trouble at home?" Renee replied.
"Yeah, you could say that." She turned and walked off into the gloom. 
Renee stared into the darkness and cursed the broken leg. 
'Don't worry." Lem's voice interrupted her thoughts. "She sounds like a typical strung out teenager."
Renee swung around. "Hi Lem. I thought you were asleep. Did you hear our conversation?"
"Bits. I'll go after her. Be back in a moment."
*
Lem stood, brushed himself off and followed the teenager. His flashlight showed a glimpse of her disappearing silhouette and he had to increase his pace to catch up.
"Hold it, Courtney," he said softly. "You can easily get lost in here. Everything looks the same." He laid a hand on her shoulder.
The girl's reaction was unexpected. "Don't you touch me!" she screamed and slung her shoulder sideways away from his hand. "Don't you ever touch me." She stopped and turned to show a tear-strained face with wide apprehensive eyes. Tight lips and a quivering chin portrayed fear rather than anger. 
"I'm sorry," Lem muttered. "I had no intention..."
"No, of course not." The girl's voice reeked sarcasm. "Damn males are all the same." 
Lem flushed. "That was not my intention. Renee was concerned and I offered to come after you, that's all." He hesitated. "It seems you've had a bad time with men but I assure you we aren't all like that." 
Courtney's eyes held his for a second before glancing away. "I'm sorry," she muttered. "You were so kind earlier. It's nothing to do with you. It's just..." She stopped again and gave a glimpse of a smile. "Oh hell, I've just had a hard time, that's all." 
"Well, come back. We need to stick together. Stalking off and getting lost won't help."
"I know," Courtney said. "Come on. It's Renee with her broken ankle who needs our company. At least we can walk out, if necessary."
She headed back to where Renee's flashlight could be seen in the distance. Lem watched for a moment, shrugged and followed.
*

CHAPTER 2
Renee jerked awake and tried to orientate herself. Pain, like a white-hot poker, burst through her right leg. She moved to relieve it but only succeeded in bumping her foot. More excruciating pain made her gasp and squint tears of agony. Her eyes opened, saw one flashlight beam glowing and she remembered what had happened. 
"Here, have a sip. I put an aspirin in it," the girl said. She felt cold plastic pressed to her lips. "I'm sorry but there's nothing more I can do." What was her name? Courtney, that was it. 
Renee struggled into a sitting position, felt a guiding arm behind her back and grimaced. "Thanks Courtney. What time is it?"
"Twenty past eight in the morning. We slept for quite a while. Lem's gone off to inspect the hole we fell through. He never said anything but I think he's worried." The girl pouted in the dull light. "I am, too."
Renee realized her stomach rumbled and she could smell food.
"We have a small gas cooker and I've boiled that high energy stuff we had in our supplies. It looks worse than boarding school porridge but it's hot and should fill a hole," Courtney said as if she'd read Renee's mind.
Renee grinned. "You're an angel." She manoeuvred herself up further so she could see the surroundings. Everything beyond the flashlight beam was darkness punctuated by light gray stalagmites and the million glowworms overhead. The air was warm with a slight dusty smell.
Courtney laughed. "I've been called a few things in the last few months but never an angel. Get this into you."
Renee took the food and the pair sat in silence while they ate before she broke the solitude. "So you know all about boarding school meals?"
"Yeah. I was at Miss Shelton's Academy. Heard of it?" 
Renee shook her head.
"It's a private girls' school in New Hampshire, grand and filled with girls whose parents have money but don't want kids hindering their social lives. I boarded there three long years." She shrugged and slurped her broth. "Well, almost, I left in the last term of my senior year." 
"And were your parents like that?"
"Like what?" Courtney retorted with a defensive ring in her voice.
"Lots of money but don't want children hindering their social lives."
"Yeah, I guess. I didn't think they were until that last day of the winter term when it all came out." 
"If you want to talk about it, I'd like to listen."
"Why not? We aren't going anywhere. It's no great story but something that always happens to somebody else. When it hits you it becomes quite a shock."
"I know the feeling but go on, Courtney."
The youngster glanced up from her bowl, gave a shrug and began her story. 
*
The afternoon of the last day of the winter term was an anticlimax. Easter and two weeks of glorious vacation lay ahead but Courtney was bored. Almost everyone had left after classes were over at noon and it was almost two-thirty with only a handful of students around.
"Why didn't you take the bus to Manchester, Courtney?" Sada Manoharan asked.
"Mom and Daddy always arrive and pick me up," Courtney replied. "They're usually early. Last year Daddy wandered into our final assembly just after ten as if he owned the place. I could have shrivelled up."
"Perhaps their car broke down." Sada suggested.
"Could be. Anyhow, what are you doing over the next two weeks?" She continued talking as the pair walked towards the junior students' common room.
A modern automobile drove in the long curving drive. Courtney glanced back. No, it wasn't her parents' metallic green BMW. She followed Sada when a horn tooted and a familiar voice called out. "Courtney, honey. Sorry we're late but we're here, now."
It was her mother but why the different car? The girl frowned. Daddy always drove BMWs. She said a brief goodbye to Sada and stepped towards the vehicle that stopped a few yards away.
Something else was different. Mom was the same but it wasn't Daddy driving the car.
Her mother, Lizzie Howlett stepped out and rushed to her daughter. "Selwyn knew a shortcut," she said, "but we became lost on one of those little back roads. Silly man." Her face clouded. "You know about Selwyn, honey. I wrote you about him. Remember?"
"Where's Daddy?" Courtney retorted. It was true. Her mother had written about problems with Daddy. They were always fighting but why was her mother with this other man? She remembered she had refused to finish reading the letter. 
"You never answered my letter," Lizzie said. "I explained everything."
"But never damn contacted me, Mom," Courtney whispered. "You could have texed, called to even dropped in to see me. Hell, the school isn't that far from home."
"I was in England until a week back, Honey and this last week..." Lizzie sighed and stared into Courtney's eyes. "Your father left us, Courtney. I told you. He's still in England and is not coming back."
Courtney glared at the immaculately dressed woman, still not forty, with slim figure and short-cropped brown hair, the businesswoman who had balanced a career and family life, her mom. "Daddy always comes back," she said. 
"No, not this time, Honey. We're finished but come and meet Selwyn Benson. I know you'll like him."
"Yeah, sure," Courtney muttered and swung away. Daddy was gone without contacting her and her mother had a fancy man.
"Hello Courtney," interrupted a husky voice. "I've heard so much about you. Your mother hardly stops speaking of all the fine things you've been doing."
Selwyn looked a typical businessman, slightly overweight, clean- shaven with gray receding hair. If anything, he'd be older than Daddy and certainly wasn't as fit.
"She doesn't know," Courtney retorted. "She hasn't been near me since Christmas. She never came to parent interviews and I bet she never read my report. Too damn busy in England, no doubt." Her eyes touched the man's for the first time. "Perhaps it was the south of France in the sunshine."
"Courtney," her mother said in the voice she used when suppressed anger was about to bounce out. "You can at least be civil to Selwyn. He didn't have to come but offered to drive me here. He wanted to meet you."
"Where's the BMW, Mom?" Courtney turned away from the man.
"Your father sold it," Lizzie sighed.
"And what else did he do, Mom?"
"Very little. Everything is the same at home."
"I see and where's home?"
"I haven't moved, Courtney. Selwyn joined me, that's all."
More emotions flooded Courtney's mind. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry, to scream nobody could replace Daddy, to run into the common room and refuse to budge, or to tell the man he had no right to take Daddy's place. In the end she glanced back at Selwyn and saw an unexpected expression. The man averted her gaze and looked hurt.
"Thank you for coming to pick me up, Selwyn," Courtney whispered. "I hate travelling in the bus. I've a load of stuff to pile in so I'm glad you have a big car. Drive to the dormitory block. I'll meet you there."
*
"So this Selwyn was the trouble?" Renee asked.
"Not really. In some ways, I felt sorry for the guy. I think Mom was leading him on. It's his kids that drove me crazy. He had three, two stuck up girls, fourteen and twelve and their little brother. He was okay."
"So what was wrong?" 
"Mom. She changed. It was as if Selwyn's kids were perfect and I was the visitor. The fourteen-year-old was a little bitch. We fought all the time but Mom never saw my view. Laura, that was her name, stole my make-up and lied through the teeth about everything but it was me who Mom blamed. Anyhow, I survived the vacation and for the first time looked forward to returning to school." Courtney stared into the darkness. "I lasted only a month though."
"I see."
"Yeah, I stuffed that one up, too" 
*
"Come on, Courtney," Kathleen Anderson said. "You're the one who always said we should stick together."
"I know," Courtney replied. "It sounds fun but what if we're caught?"
"Well, if you're going to take that attitude you'll end up doing nothing in your life," Brigitte Somerville retorted, " We might as well be in a convent." 
Sada, the fourth girl present in the dorm, sighed and watched while Kathleen tried to persuade Courtney to accompany them.
"That's the trouble," Kathleen said. "It's as bad as any convent. If they were a bit more liberal around this place we wouldn't have to sneak out." She gazed at her friend. "Come on, it's Saturday night. Half the staff are off duty and we'll be back before lights out at midnight."
"Okay," Courtney relented. 
"Right," laughed Kathleen. She ran to her wardrobe and took out her jeans and white sweater. "I've got some make-up, too." She giggled. "Want to use some?
"Why not?" said Brigitte.
Fifteen minutes later the four girls sneaked down the back stairs to Kathleen's Honda car. Kathleen reversed onto the street, screeched around and accelerated towards Manchester. Forty-five minutes later they were in a seedy looking club near the town centre. Courtney shivered. She didn't like the look of the place one bit but had to be confident in front of her friends. 
"Hi, you girls," said a formidable looking character at the door. "Are you all eighteen?"
Courtney gave a mental sigh of relief. If they weren't allowed in she could suggest they go to a movie.
"Yeah, sure," Kathleen replied and grinned at her friends. None of them were and Sada, in particular, looked even younger.
Courtney's relief was only momentary when the doorman shrugged. "No drugs allowed," he said and opened the glass door.
Courtney noticed only the stink of sweaty bodies and cigarette smoke, flashing coloured lights and the rock band. The group pounded out at full decibels and the girls were bumped and shoved as too many people tried to enjoy themselves in too small an area. 
Kathleen handed Courtney a small pink drink and giggled. "It's only pink punch. There's nothing in it."
However, something was wrong. The drink made Courtney lightheaded, not in a bad way but enough to make her throw her previous doubts aside and begin to enjoy herself. She pulsed to the beat when a young guy ambled up to her. 
"Howdy," he muttered in a slurred voice. "Me name's Gary. Want'ta dance?"
"Sure." He seemed quite a hunk.
*
Pulsing coloured lights, loud music and a crush of sweaty bodies mixed. The dancing became energetic. Time was a blur. Courtney's eyes caught her watch. My God, it was almost midnight. She was in the ladies' room and had vomited in the toilet. In a mild panic, she tore out of the room right into Sada.
"Are you all right, Courtney?" the girl asked. "We've been looking everywhere for you." 
"Better now," Courtney replied.
"Have you seen Kathleen?" Sada continued. "We have to go."
Courtney bit her lip and gazed around the crowded room. Darkness intercepted by flashing blue and red lights made the dancing bodies mere silhouettes against a haze of smoke and gloom. It was difficult to recognize anything.
"We lost you both," Sada explained. "It's so late we decided to get the Honda. Brigitte has it out the front. I said I'd come in and find you. Hurry! You've been missing for ages." 
Courtney followed her friend around the room. It took elbowing and squeezing but they found their friend giggling and gyrating in the middle of the floor. She seemed oblivious to everything. 
"We're going," Sada ordered as she grabbed her friend's arm and propelled her towards the door.
"Hi guys," Kathleen yelled. "One more dance?"
"No," Sada hissed. "We're going. Brigitte has the Honda out front."
"Spoil sports," Kathleen muttered but allowed herself to be guided out the exit.
Brigitte saw them approach, jumped out of the driver's seat and folded it down, so Sada and Courtney could crawl through into the back.
"I'll drive," Kathleen ordered. As soon as Brigitte was seated in the front passenger seat, she accelerated down the city streets towards I-93.
"Don't worry," she said cheerfully. "I'll get us back to school."
"It's after curfew," Courtney wailed. 
Kathleen turned her head. "I know but what else could we do?" she retorted. "It's not my fault you got yourself lost. We couldn't just leave you."
"Me?" Courtney said. "I wasn't lost. You were."
"Well, whatever." 
"It'll be okay," Sada said. Her calm voice soothed Courtney's emotions. "We can go up the back stairs." 
"We'll be home before lock out," Kathleen said as she turned onto the interstate. She grinned and accelerated above the speed limit. Within seconds blue and red lights flashed in the rear view mirror and a siren sounded. Kathleen's eyes turned wide in panic and she sped up.
"Stop!" screamed Courtney. She grabbed the girl's shoulders. "For God's sake Kathleen, stop." 
The police car kept pace in an adjacent lane. "Will the driver of the Honda please pull to the curb," a loudspeaker crackled through the night air.
"We'll lose him here," screamed Kathleen as they flashed under the large sign indicating an exit.
Whether it was the speed, the alcohol, or Kathleen's inexperience, nobody ever found out but the Honda did not complete the turn. Courtney's mind blurred with vague memories of a screech of brakes and flashing lights before she blacked out.
*
A flashlight shone in her eyes and screaming reached her ears. It sounded like Kathleen. Courtney struggled to move but throbbing pain cut through her mind and she found it difficult to breathe. 
"Hello, there young lady," said a kind voice. "Just lie still. We'll get you out soon. The seat belt saved you." The highway patrol officer turned. "We need help here. There's a lot of blood."
Courtney lost consciousness again. 
When she woke she found herself on a stretcher with a paramedic holding a satchel of clear liquid above her head. The Honda looked wrecked with the far side squashed in against a concrete wall. Skid marks gouged deep ruts across a grass strip and steam rose from the engine. 
One other stretcher was beside her. It was Kathleen. Their eyes met and the other girl burst into sobs and reached out. Courtney found a cold limp hand to squeeze and wondered where the other two were. 
*
"Sada and Brigitte were killed that day," Courtney whispered. "A concrete support beam crushed their side of the car and they never had a chance. Kathleen was hardly hurt but I was cut up a bit."
"I'm sorry." Renee's eyes were filled with compassion. "Have you kept in touch with Kathleen?"
"Yeah," Courtney replied and gave a little grimace. "I wish I hadn't."
"So what happened next?"
"I was suspended for a week. Mom had a blazing row with the principal, withdrew me from the school and I went to the state school at home. It didn't work out though. Laura was a freshman at the same school and caused trouble. Mom and I couldn't get on, so one day I walked out." Courtney stared through the darkness at her companion. "I thought that would solve my problems but I was wrong. My God, was I wrong."
*


CHAPTER 3
Lem stopped, wiped a hand across his perspiring brow and searched around. The flashlight beam showed an almost vertical section of loose rock above him. He grunted. It would be impossible to go higher. Far below, one tiny flashlight showed where the other two were while overhead the blue glowworms sparkled across the ceiling. A faint movement of cooler air tumbled from the tunnel above and stirred particles of dust in the limestone. Lem coughed and made one last inspection across the face before he decided to return to the others.
The slip on the far side was steeper and unstable. He turned and was about to retrace his steps when his flashlight beam caught something orange. It appeared to be clothing. Lem frowned and made his way forward. When the area lit up his casual interest focused. 
Lying with one arm and his head out of the rubble was their guide. His head tilted back at a grotesque angle and open eyes bulged from a ghostly face.
"Sam." Lem gasped and scrambled through the loose soil. 
He reached the body in seconds. Sam was dead and by the look of the pallid, gray skin, had been since they'd slipped. Lem sighed, pulled the jacket from the debris and laid it across Sam's face.
"Sorry, Sam," he whispered. "You did not deserve this."
He squeezed the stiff arm and made his way back. 
*
"It's bad news, I'm afraid," Lem said to the others. "Our guide never made it." 
Courtney sucked on a bottom lip before turning and reaching in the backpack. She took out three fruit bars and handed them around. "So what're our chances, now?"
"Probably no different. Sam's death explains the longer wait, that's all. We'll be found, I guarantee it."
"Did you find a way out?"
"I'm afraid not. There's a sheer cliff and loose stuff everywhere. If we try to reach the upper cave we could bring the lot down on top of us."
"So what will that rescue team do when they arrive?" Courtney's voice sharpened.
"They'll have equipment," Renee cut in. "There may be a different way in. I'm sure there'll be experts who know what they're doing."
"Like Sam?" Courtney asked.
Lem glanced at Renee and raised an eyebrow.
"Courtney was telling me a little about herself," Renee said. "I'm keen to hear what happened, if you don't mind listening."
"Not at all," Lem replied. It was obvious she wanted to get the girl's mind off their situation. "And what about yourself?"
"Yeah," the teenager said. "You've told us nothing. Why are you here?"
"I slipped down this whopping great hole," Renee said.
"I know that," Courtney retorted. "You know what I mean."
"Sure. I'll just bore you both, I'm afraid."
"Try us," Lem replied. 
"Well, I'm a junior lawyer, glorified secretary, chief bottle washer and pen pusher, really." She gave a little laugh. "Well, key pusher in front of a computer monitor, it is."
"And I'm sure very talented," Lem said.
"Maybe, if I'm ever given a chance to try."
"So the old bastards rule the roost where you work, too," Courtney added.
"Not really. The old bastard, as you call it, is a woman in her thirties who succeeds in making everyone around her feel inferior but damned if I'm going to grovel."
"Good for you, Renee," Lem said. "Somehow, I can't imagine anyone getting the better of you."
"No." She sighed. "But it isn't easy, you know."
*
It was ten to five when Annette Usborne placed the twenty-page document on Renee's desk and fixed her steely eyes on her. "The layout of this will for Mrs. Stein is incorrect. You know we indent paragraphs."
Renee swore under her breath and glowered at the junior partner. "It is the legal standard layout of wills," she explained. "Modern procedures do not indent paragraphs but double-space them instead."
"That may very well be but in our firm…" Annette continued.
"Then get Lois or one of the secretaries to do it," retorted Renee. "I'm busy at the moment." This was a small matter but the constant pinpricking over the last six months was getting to her.
"She's gone home," hissed the other woman. "I agreed to take the will for Mrs. Stein to sign this evening. She is one of our most valued clients, you know."
Normally, Renee would have grimaced, taken the document and redone it. This time she stopped and turned to the immaculately dressed woman standing by her desk. "Then do it yourself, Annette."
"Why of all the..." Usborne began.
"I am not a secretary or typist," Renee replied in a controlled voice. "I am a qualified lawyer. If you are so concerned about changing modern layout, I feel sorry for you."
Annette Usborne's face turned white with anger and her jutting chin shook when William Usborne Senior walked into the open office. Annette's father was in his mid-sixties, prim and of the old school. He was, though, scrupulously fair and in Renee's eyes, far more genuine than either his daughter or son, William Junior. Unfortunately, the rumours were that the elder William would retire at the end of the year.
"Trouble?" he asked and raised his bushy gray eyebrows.
"Look at this, Dad," Annette retorted and handed the will to her father.
William Senior took the document and turned to Renee. "Do you mind?"
"Not at all." 
The elderly man sat in the seat for Renee's clients and took reading glasses from his top suit pocket. He read every word of the document, while his daughter glowered and Renee sat tight-lipped in anticipation.
"You did well," he said when he reached the end. "Old Clara was adamant her eldest daughter would receive nothing in her estate. How did you talk her around, Renee?"
"I told her if she cut Gloria out, the will could be contested in family court and there was a high chance the action would be successful. I had to show her the findings of several court actions to convince her."
"But, Daddy..."
"Oh hush up, Annette." 
"But the layout."
The old man glanced back at the sheets. "It's different than our usual format, I must admit," he said. "But I like it. I'm sure old Clara will be able to follow it with ease." He looked at Renee. "I like the terminology you use, Renee. Much superior to the flowery language we usually put up with, isn't it?" He chuckled, stood and turned to Annette. "Now what was the disagreement?"
"Nothing."
"Problems from your side?" he continued as he turned to Renee.
"Not really," she said in a low voice. "Annette didn't agree with the layout, that's all."
"Didn't she?" William Senior replied. He frowned at his daughter and walked out.
The junior partner stood, red-faced and grim and waited for Renee to speak. Instead the younger woman looked up. "If you're really that concerned, I'll redo it before I go home, Annette. It's all on memory so will take only a few moments to alter."
Silence reigned while she watched Annette and waited for a first reaction.
"No, it doesn't matter," Annette replied in a whisper. "As Dad said, I'm sure Mrs. Stein won't notice the difference. Have a good evening, Renee."
She turned and strutted out.
*
As Renee drove north on I-5 from Mount Vernon, the small city where she worked, her mind relived the situation. 
"Damn woman," she muttered as she headed inland up the Shagit Valley. This latest episode was a pyrrhic victory with Annette now openly hostile. William Senior was an enigma. He had never helped her before and rarely said more than the casual greeting on most days. A couple weeks earlier he'd forgotten her name and referred to her as Jennifer, a girl in the typing pool. 
It was after six when she arrived home at the farmhouse she shared with her father. She parked in the barn, spent a couple moments talking to Zona the dog and walked inside. The modern open-space kitchen smelt of a cooking roast and a late middle-aged man glanced back from stove to smile.
"Hello, Renee," he said. "Was today any better?"
"Different, Dad," she replied and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Old William stood up for me. Mind you, Annette isn't going to improve." She sighed. "It's as if she purposely finds fault in everything I do."
"She's envious, perhaps even jealous, Sweetheart," Jack Bonnett said in a low voice. He shut the oven door and limped across to her. She glanced up with empathy in her eyes. Dad tried hard to lead a normal life but since the stroke last year that paralysed his left side, he found it difficult.
"Jealous of me, Dad? But why?"
"You're young with higher qualifications than her. She's an old maid with little to look forward to except the silly firm and rows with her lazy brother."
Renee frowned and leaned forward. "How do you know, Dad? I never told you anything about William Junior."
"You didn't have to," Jack replied. "Not after that staff party a few months back. I know the guy made a pass at you."
Renee flushed. "But how?"
Jack Bonnett smiled that half smile caused by partly immobile lips. "I also know you turned him down flat and came home early. I wondered what brought on the tears that evening."
"The sod has a young wife and two kids," Renee retorted. She stopped and frowned. "Have you been spying on me, Dad?"
"Not at all." Jack changed the topic. "Will you take the roast out of the oven, sweetheart? I'd hate to drop it."
Renee glanced at the beautifully cooked meal, grabbed the oven gloves, took the steaming food and set it on the stovetop. "You've done enough, Dad. Sit down and I'll serve it."
Jack sat in the chair his daughter vacated. "But I enjoy doing it."
He switched his attention to the news on a small television in the corner, while Renee served out two generous portions. 
Jack's eating was mainly one-handed but through sheer willpower, he managed movement on his paralysed side and insisted on holding a knife between the curled fingers.
"Can I cut your meat, Dad?"
Jack glanced up and whispered, "Thanks, Sweetheart." He used to argue and attempt the impossible himself but since accepting his disability, he had made better progress. A few weeks earlier he would have been unable to open the oven door, let alone roast a meal.
As they ate he began to talk. "I've never really liked those business clubs, too snobbish for me but lately I've found I enjoy the company of old guys like myself at The Puget Sound Club in Mount Vernon. You know, we have a few beers, play cards…"
"I'm pleased. I'm glad you got into the habit of going every Wednesday. That's what you need, rather than becoming a hermit out here on the farm." She stopped and noticed her father's coy expression. "Okay, what have you done, Dad?"
"I was looking through the club's register a few weeks ago and noticed William Usborne Senior was a member. I introduced myself and let the old guy beat me at cribbage. Since then we've become quite good friends. He plays lousy cards, though."
"Dad," Renee sputtered. "What did you say?"
"Not a lot. I merely mentioned I was thinking of transferring all my legal affairs to his firm because my daughter worked there. Later I added I'd changed my mind, since she was going to leave because she was under utilized. It was a pity their firm would lose someone of your high qualifications and…"
"Dad!"
"Come now, Renee." Jack turned serious. "There's little I can do for you now. Let your old Dad help you this way."
"Oh Dad, you are the limit."
The young lawyer reached over and hugged her father. He held her with his one good arm. "Your mom would have been proud of you, Sweetheart," he whispered. "I am too, so don't you let those young upstarts grind you down. It will come right, I assure you."
Renee gulped. Her father still talked of her mother even though she'd died a decade earlier. "Thanks, Dad."
*
"So that's really it," Renee said to her two companions. 
"And you're still with the firm?" Lem asked.
"Yes." Renee sighed. "Mind you, Old William decided not to retire and makes the place bearable. Also, I'm doing some court work now, mainly civil cases."
"And the brother who made that pass at you?" Courtney cut in.
"He's still there but leaves me alone. The last I heard he was having a fling with one of the secretaries. I feel sorry for his wife. She's quiet and unassuming."
"And your dad?" Lem asked.
"He's at home," Renee said. "Poor Dad. He was such an active person. I think he's lonely." She glanced up. "He's the reason I'm here. During my annual leave, I decided to potter around the farm but Dad insisted I have a real holiday, as he called it. So here I am, lying in a cave hundreds of feet under a mountain with a busted ankle. I must say that I enjoy the company. It's strange but I feel as if I've known you both for years, not just a few hours."
"Emergencies can do that," Lem said. "I feel the same."
"Time is funny," Courtney whispered. She stood and brushed her dusty clothes off. "My God, I'm getting all sentimental now. The cave must be getting to me."
"Probably." Renee caught Lem's eyes and smiled.
*
Their meal was sparse but nobody complained. Even worse was the dwindling supply of water. They would run out within a day so decisions had to be made. Courtney was all for trying to find a way out but her spontaneity diminished when Lem asked what direction they should take. They were in the centre of a huge area with little or no distinguishing features. The slip that appeared as a blot of blackness without glowworms was their only link with the outside world.
"What do we do?" Courtney asked pessimistically. "Nobody is coming now. If they were, they'd be here. It's up to us."
"You two go," Renee said. "There might be a way out. If you find it, you can send someone back for me."
"No," Lem replied. "If we go, we all go."
Courtney stared at Lem, then Renee. "Funny, I thought you might say that."
"Don't you agree?" Lem replied.
The teenager rubbed a hand along her face and sighed. "In the last few months I trusted nobody. Nobody cared about me. I was one of a hundred. If I walked away, someone would jump into the space I left but here…" She gave a tiny smile. "Let's say, I wouldn't want to be the person all alone down here and I don't think Renee should be left either."
"Thanks Courtney," Renee said. "If it wasn't for my ankle, I'd be the first one walking out."
"So we wait a little longer." Lem said.
"How about morning?" Courtney suggested. "If nobody is here by nine, we hitch Renee on our backs and walk out. Okay?"
Lem glanced at Renee. She nodded. 
"Okay," he said and glanced at his watch. It was after seven in the evening.
*

CHAPTER 4
Five serious-faced spelunkers made their way out from Misty Depths Catacombs after a four-hour expedition. They plodded through the small crowd of bystanders, past a row of parked four-wheel drive vehicles along to where two tents had been erected in a small forest clearing. 
"The whole of level F beyond grid reference three has gone." The leader, an elderly Native American man, reported to state trooper Gary McKnight at the smaller tent. 
"Is it hopeless, Chuck?" 
Chuck Nguyen frowned. "I don't think so. The two levels we explored have dropped away. Level G is impassable but it was only a narrow access route."
"Meaning?" the sergeant asked.
"Well, Gary. Too much soil between the levels has disappeared. If it had stopped at level G, it would have backed right through F and even E but didn't. There's a massive hole down as far as G."
"So where did it go?"
"My guess is that there's another cavern further down. It would have to be big to take the whole landslide. Now, if that is the case there could be extra space as well."
"So there could be survivors?"
"Exactly but we won't reach them from here." Chuck walked to a cross section map of the cave unrolled on a table. He pointed to the bottom of the map. "That's where it has all gone. Now if you place this beneath the topographical map..." He rolled the sheet aside to expose a second map. "The slip is under Eagle Point Plateau."
"It would be a long way down, Chuck," one forest ranger said.
"Yeah but the quickest way in is straight down. We need to get one of those drilling rigs."
"Right. I'll see what I can do." Gary McKnight respected the old man's knowledge and would lay pretty good odds that he was dead accurate in his suggestions.
*
"Excuse me, Sergeant." 
McKnight looked up to see a young national park ranger standing at the tent flap. "Yes, Stephanie."
"There's an old guy out here who says he's the father of one of the missing women. He's distressed and wants to talk to you," Stephanie Jelgersma replied.
"What's his name?" 
"Bonnett. Jack Bonnett. Poor guy is half paralysed. His daughter, Renee, is one of the four missing." She grimaced. "I tried to put him off."
Gary was about to say he was too busy but saw Stephanie's face. "Okay. Give me ten minutes to get my calls through, then show him in."
*
"So what are my daughter's chances, Sergeant?" Jack's chin quivered with emotion.
"Better than I would have thought an hour ago, Mr Bonnett. There's a massive cavern beneath the explored passages. Your daughter and the others could very well be down there."
"And how do we find out, sergeant?" Jack leaned his dominant arm on the small table.
"The military have satellite images available and are getting a computer enhanced readout produced."
"Image," muttered Jack. "What good will that do?"
"The satellite takes infrared readings, so a large cavity beneath the present cave would show. We can compare the latest readings with those taken before the landslide. We can pinpoint the size and position of any cavity there."
"So if we find this new cavern, how does it help?"
"We're bringing in a bore to drill. When it reaches a cavity we can listen for sounds of survivors or lower a speaker. If we find survivors, we can send water, food and medical supplies down."
"But getting them out? They can't climb up a six-inch hole."
"We'll go in through the existing caves. The computer readouts may find a natural entrance to the lower cavity. We'll find them, Mr. Bonnett."
"Dead or alive," Jack whispered.
"Yes," the sergeant replied with empathy. "There's nothing more you can do. Why don't you go to the other tent? A canteen has been set up and you're welcome to a hot drink. As soon as information comes through we'll tell you."
"Thank you, Sergeant," Jack turned, leaned on a walking stick, swung his malfunctioning limb in front of him and limped out.
"Poor guy looks heartbroken," Stephanie commented when Jack was out of earshot.
*
Renee's eyes were showing a vision of red. She knew she'd been asleep but this wasn't a dream. She forced her eyes open and gasped. A dazzling light filled the cave.
Courtney screamed in excitement. 
Lem heaved a sigh of gratitude and gently shook her shoulder.
"They've found us, Renee. That was a flare."
Seconds later, darkness returned. No, it wasn't completely dark. The glowworms had switched off but way in the distance was a twisting spiral of white. When the second flare burnt out, their world became black, pitch black. 
"We're here!" shrieked Courtney. Her voice reached a high crescendo that echoed through the cavern.
"Nobody will hear you," Lem warned. "That flare came from well above us."
But he was wrong. As soon as her screams echoed it was replaced by a sound.
"Hello. Hello." An eerie voice bounced in from the distance like a loudspeaker at a fairground. "Are you okay?"
"Okay... Okay... Okay..." came the echoes from three different directions.
"My God, yes!" Courtney hollered again.
"Yes... Yes... Yes..." her voice repeated.
A garbled voice replied. 
"We can't understand," Lem shouted. "What did you say?"
The speaker sounded again, while the three strained to make sense of the words.
"I think I know," Renee whispered in the silence that followed the last echo. "They want us to go to where we see the flare."
Immediately, in the direction of the first flares, an orange one lit up the cave. Lem took a small compass out of a pocket and held it flat in his hand.
"You're two hundred yards northeast of us," he yelled.
It took several repeats before the second flare died and the voice continued.
Renee frowned. "I think they want us to make our way to it, since the cave at our end has collapsed."
A small light, like a dangling twenty-watt bulb, flickered in the distance. It descended until it hung like a distant light on a foggy street.
"Well," said Lem. "Shall we go?"
Renee found herself Lem's arms supporting her 
"You okay?" His voice vibrated in her ear.
"Yes but what about you?"
"We'll make it. Just lean on me and tell me if your ankle hurts."
Renee clung on and limped forward. She couldn't put any weight on her right leg but managed a sort of hobble. Len glanced down at her and without a word let her go and turned with his back to her. 
"Climb on my back and hold on," he said.
Renee almost protested but realized that to do so would only hinder rather than help her companions. She reached up and found herself carried forward at a walking pace. She glanced across to find Courtney strutting beside her with three backpacks hitched over her shoulders at a weird angle. The girl's eyes were wide with excitement. 
The youngster placed a spare arm around Lem's waist below where he held Renee and said in a hushed voice, "Do you mind?"
"I thought you didn't like touching others?"
"Yeah, well I changed my damn mind. Girls are allowed to do that, you know."
"Sure," Lem said and laughed.
Renee smiled as the trio plodded forward towards the distant beacon of hope.
*
It took more than twenty minutes and if it wasn't for the glowing bulb, the trio would have become hopelessly lost. The cavern was gigantic with no walls in sight. They reached the light to find it twenty or more feet above.
"I swear you put on fifty pounds since we started walking here," Lem said and placed Renee down against a slab of rock.
She smiled and hobbled up on one leg, while Lem straightened himself and Courtney slung the backpacks down. 
"We're beneath the light," she yelled and received an instant reply.
The light was lowered with a microphone so their shouts became ordinary speech. Information was exchanged with a state trooper who introduced himself as Gary McKnight.
"We're sorry to hear the news about Sam but we're glad the rest of you survived," the sergeant said after Lem's report on their situation, " I have a doctor here who has suggestions about Renee's ankle. We have a number of emergency canisters for you." He chuckled. "The folks here call them metal frankfurters."
And indeed they were. A line of shiny stainless steel cylinders appeared from above, all dangling one beneath each other. Courtney ran and grabbed the lowest one to coil in. They had colour-coded screw tops with the first one containing a pamphlet on what was enclosed. The blue-topped cylinders contained water, the green, food, red, medical supplies and so on. Others contained clothing, sleeping bags and even a tent. Courtney pulled a rolled up newspaper from the last cylinder and held it out for the others to see.
Survivors found in Misty Depths Catacombs, the front-page headlines screamed around a coloured photo of the rescue team in operation.
"In a race against death..." Courtney read. "They did exaggerate a little, didn't they?" She handed the paper to Lem.
"We even have a CBS news team up here," Gary's voice cut in, "I'll switch you over to Leanne, our doctor."
A woman's voice came through the speaker with questions about Renee's leg. 
"We'll send down a mobile support, Renee," she said. "It comes in two sections that are clamped around your ankle and inflated to make it more comfortable"
"Thank you," Renee replied. "My ankle is numb at the moment unless I bump it."
"Right. The brace will help." 
It was painful but Lem did an excellent job. In spite of her fear, Courtney was a great help and held the clamps in place around the swollen ankle while Lem attached the cylinder of compressed gas and opened the valve. Renee gritted her teeth as pain, sent spasms of agony through her leg. When finished, Lem strapped four clips together to complete the process.
"There we are, Renee," he said and held her moist hand. "How about a quick hundred yard dash?"
"After lunch," she gasped and squeezed his fingers. She managed a smile as Courtney wiped her damp forehead with a dampened tissue. 
*
The tent was roomy and soon Renee was zipped in a lightweight sleeping bag and dozed off. Courtney took a bundle of clothes sent down and realized they were almost perfect in size. Someone in the rescue team had been thorough. She disappeared inside the tent to change and came out a few moments later looking fresh. Lem took the opportunity to have a shave and also changed into clean clothes.
"We were getting a bit stinky, weren't we?" she said. "All I need now is a hot, steamy shower."
Lem grinned. "Or better still a ride out."
"Yeah," Courtney replied but her voice turned sombre. "And you can both go home."
"Possibly but nothing stays the same, does it?"
"No, I guess not." She glanced at Lem. "If you don't mind I think I'll slip into a sleeping bag."
"Sure. See you in the morning."
"There's space in the tent for you, Lem. I'm sure Renee won't mind if you come in." Courtney glanced at the darkness beyond the overhead light. "You know, with those drips it's raining out here. Far more than where we were."
"I noticed," Lem replied. "It's colder, too."
"So will you come in?"
"Why not? Give me a yell when you're ready."
He wandered over to the dangling microphone. "Hello," he said. "What happens now?"
A cheery voice from a woman called Stephanie replied. "Crews are using satellite maps to find a way in, Lem. They'll be starting in the morning but it may take a while. Is there anything else you need?"
"Courtney wants a shower," Lem said with a chuckle. "Renee is asleep and I'm about to turn in. Thanks for the tent and gear."
"No problem. There'll be someone manning this site all night so don't hesitate to call if there's an emergency." The voice hesitated. "Wait a tick, Lem. A message is coming in."
Lem heard the tap of computer keys before Stephanie's bright voice came back. "There's a message from a Nikki Erksberg. Your wife is it, Lem?"
Lem couldn't keep the coldness from his tone. "She was. What did she say?"
"She rang earlier, said she was glad to hear you're safe and will try to get here tomorrow. She added that Patrick has returned to New York. Does that mean anything to you?"
"Yes. Thanks. Hear from you in the morning. 'Bye," Lem replied. "So the loving wife returns to rescue her husband from the bowels of the earth," he muttered to himself. "That's so typical."
"Problems, Lem?" a gentle voice sounded.
Lem jumped in fright and swung around to see Renee standing behind him with a curious expression on her face.
"My wife sent her regards."
"But you aren't pleased?"
"Not really. Nikki and I are separated."
"And?"
"Oh nothing. I just didn't expect to hear from her, that's all."
"I'm sorry," Renee replied. "I didn't mean to encroach on your private life."
"You aren't," Lem replied and broke into a grin. "I'm sounding as mysterious as Courtney, aren't I?"
"Yes," Renee said in a blunt voice. "You've told us nothing about yourself, you know."
"Suppose not."
"We want to hear all about you, every grimy little detail," Courtney interrupted. She smirked at Lem from the opened tent flap. "After all, we've both babbled on about ourselves, so why shouldn't you?"
"Sounds fair," Lem replied. "But only if you pour the coffee." 
"It's a deal." The teenager laughed.
A few moments later the trio were snug in the tent sipping coffee and munching a bag of doughnuts.
"I run a small company called Epsilon Products," Lem began. "Epsilon is the fifth letter in the Greek alphabet and looks like a capital E." 
He took a couple small business cards out of a pocket and handed one to each. Renee studied the stylized red E in the corner and smiled at Lem. "I like your trademark."
"Yes, I worked out the company name and designed it. We're sort of a fifth level firm that makes components that fit into other equipment. At the moment our biggest selling item is a catch used in luggage doors on the Boeing 777 and 737 passenger aircraft. We specialize in small parts and underbid the larger firms," Lem explained. "So far our philosophy has worked."
*

 CHAPTER 5
"For God's sake, can't you stop doing that," growled Nikki Erksberg across the breakfast nook.
Lem sighed, stopped banging the teaspoon on the coffee mug edge and returned to his breakfast. This was typical. Everything was wrong lately. Nikki was an attractive woman but her eyes were cold, always cold. In the previous six months it was as if a candle had slowly been snuffed out. He wiped the corners of his mouth with a tissue and stared at his wife.
"That's it," he stated in a calm, firm voice, similar to one he might use at the factory.
"What?" 
His eyes found hers and he shook his head. "You may wish to continue this façade but I can't," he continued. "It's obvious we are not getting along and when it gets down to you screaming at me because of the way I stir my coffee, I wonder what is wrong with you."
"Oh, don't be stupid, Lem," Nikki replied but her tone was calmer. 
"Stupid is it? Tell me. When do we enjoy each other's company? When have we gathered each other in our arms and embraced for no reason than to express our love?"
Lem knew that this strong-willed person was not used to him starting an argument. Usually, he would stand and walk out. 
"Oh, for Christ's sake, Lem," Nikki retorted. "We aren't teenagers with our hormones going out of control."
"No, we aren't," Lem answered. "And neither are we lovers." He coughed. "Or even friends. We don't talk anymore, Nikki, about anything. We have our meals. The house is clean, neat and empty."
"That's not true." Nikki stared with cold eyes now determined. 
Lem looked at his wife. "We'll talk tonight. I have to get to work but I will be back by six. We can go to a restaurant. How about that?"
"No, Lem," Nikki replied. "I won't be here when you get back."
Lem stopped mid-stride on his way to the door and turned. "What do you mean?"
"Just what I said. You're right about everything. My firm offered me promotion if I move to our New York headquarters. I decided to go but I'm leaving now. I'll get an apartment downtown for the next few weeks and shift to New York at the end of next month."
"Just like that."
"No, Lem, not just like that," Nikki retorted. "All you do is spend time at that stupid factory of yours. Sure, you built it from nothing but at what cost? Don't you dare say it's my fault."
"No, I guess it isn't." Lem wanted to say more but knew their marriage was over. "If you need help, just ask."
"Thanks. We did have good times, Lem."
Their eyes met for a second and Lem noticed the coldness was gone from his wife's eyes, those eyes that once sparkled when he was near, almost seemed warm again.
"Take care," he said and walked out.
*
"And did she move out that day?" Renee asked.
"Yeah," Lem replied. "That was the last time I saw her. Oh, she rang up a couple times. I found out later there was more to this transfer than a promotion. She moved in with one of the bigwigs in the firm, this Patrick fellow. The guy is decades older than me but was rolling in money, something Nikki liked." He shrugged. "From what I heard, it appears they have since split up."
"Are you going to back to her?" Courtney inquired.
"No. Not now. Our marriage was finished anyhow."
"So why is she coming here?" Renee asked.
"I have no idea but it could be the chance to get her name in the media. You know, the anxious wife waiting for her entombed husband."
"So what else have you done?" Courtney added.
"Not a lot. I spent more time with the firm. Of course, that could be another reason for Nikki's reappearance. Epsilon Products picked up that massive order for the aircraft door latches and we never looked back. She has shares in the company."
Renee studied the man sitting with them. "And I wouldn't mind betting it was your effort that made your factory so successful," she said in a quiet voice.
"Could be. A bit of being in the right place, too. I did a business degree and brought in some innovations we had learned, things the Japanese did twenty years ago but we are only starting in this country."
"Tell me about it. I'm interested."
"I know it's the middle of the night but I'm famished." Courtney gave Renee a sideways grin and slipped away. "I'll get us something to eat."
"Oh, there were problems," Lem started. "It's often harder to change people's attitudes than physical things..."
*
Lem arrived at work to find the foreman waiting in the office. Mike Mackenzie was with the firm when he took it over and was one of the old school, efficient and conscientious but hesitant to change.
"We have a problem with the new assembly unit, Lem," he stated in his usual blunt manner.
"People or machinery?" Lem asked. "I thought you were pleased with both."
"Oh, I am," the older man said. "The three operators took their training to heart and are great. I only hope they stay with us. The trouble is we are too efficient."
Lem almost laughed but saw his manager's serious face, so instead he sat and waited for Mike to continue.
"We are putting through seventy units an hour. That's more than one a minute. The old speed was one every minute and a half."
"So? Isn't that why we invested in the new machine?"
"Yes but as you know, the assembled units go on to be tested for stress or faults. The tester can't cope with the speed. We have a huge backup of units waiting and the pile is getting bigger. They're stacked on the floor."
"I see," Lem replied. "I'll come and look."
The Asian girl sitting in front of the console smiled at Lem when he arrived at the new assembly unit. It was completely self-enclosed and looked more like a television studio than a factory floor. Five monitors showed various states of the production, while other screens filled with data showing speed, stresses, temperatures and a host of other information.
"Mike said we're too efficient, Suzi." 
"We are, Mr. Erksberg. We've been operating two hours and the tester has just finished yesterday's back load."
"So we're churning out over a thousand units a day?"
"One thousand two hundred and five went through yesterday's two shifts," Suzi said. "But only six hundred and eighty made it through the tester."
"And the failure rate?"
"Almost zero."
"So why don't we bypass the test?"
"We can't," Mike cut in. "The Boeing Company insists on it being carried out."
"Fair enough," Lem said. "So what is the output with this bottleneck slowing production?"
"Up twenty percent."
"So overall, we're still better off than before."
"Yes but there's still the bottleneck," Mike grumbled.
"Run this assembler for sixteen instead of eighteen hours a day. That'll give the tester time to clear the back load."
Mike's face darkened, while Suzi appeared apprehensive.
"What about Suzi and the other girls?" the foreman said. "They'd lose an hour or more in wages."
"Is the end product as good as it was?"
"Better," said Suzi.
"So your efficiency hasn't dropped and we'll still make our forecast profit on each unit."
The young woman nodded.
"Right," Lem said. "We'll pay you full time but when you've produced enough in your shift to keep the tester at full speed, you can go home. You and Mike work out the exact time."
"Gee, thanks, Mr. Erksberg. If I can pick up my kids an hour early, it will save me babysitter money."
"You can't do that," Mike growled.
"Why?" Lem turned and glowered at the man. "You said yourself we're producing more units with less failures."
"But the other workers?"
"As long as efficiency doesn't drop, the same can apply to everyone."
"What about our collective contract?"
"Change it," Lem replied angrily and stalked off.
*
"He never appreciated that under the old rules, the company would have gone bankrupt years ago and he wouldn't have a job," Lem concluded. "Anyhow, it worked out well and Suzi goes home an hour early on most days."
"And Mike?" Renee asked.
"Oh, he's still complaining, almost in spite of himself. He's a good worker, though. He has his moan but when new ideas come in he follows them through and has added a couple of his own innovations." 
"So you're from Seattle, too?"
"Yes. By the look of those stickers on your backpack I reckon we must have booked our trip here through the same travel agent. I can't remember you on the chartered flight, though."
"I didn't fly in," Renee replied. "I drove across." She glanced at her companion. "I'd love to see your factory sometime."
"And I'd love to show you around." Lem squeezed her arm. "How's the ankle?"
"Fine. There's no pain. You're as good as any doctor."
"Well, look at the splendid patient I have," he whispered, caught Renee's eyes and flushed bright red as he stood up. "I'll see how our young friend is getting on with that snack."
*
Although there was continuous darkness in the cavern, Renee's biological clock told her morning had arrived, that and the sharp shake on the shoulder.
"Phone call for you, sleepy head," Courtney said. "My God, can you snore."
Renee glanced at her watch. Eight-thirty. She sat up, rubbed her eyes and yawned.
"Well, are you coming? You're wanted."
"Can't you or Lem take it?"
"No."
"Okay, then." Renee found her crutches, crawled out of the tent and hitched herself up. A moment later she was by the microphone.
"Hello, Renee here." 
"Sweetheart," came the voice. "How are you?"
"Daddy?" Renee gasped. "What are you doing in Wyoming?"
"As soon as I heard I flew out, Sweetheart." Even though the speaker crackled, Renee recognized a shake in her father's voice. "You took a bit of finding, you know. How are you coping?"
"Fine, Dad."
"But with a damaged ankle?"
"I have great friends down here looking after me Dad." Renee grinned at Courtney. Lem appeared with a towel hanging around his neck. "I'm all strapped up and it's warm down here. Now that we're found it's just a matter of waiting to be brought out, isn't it?"
"Oh, Sweetheart, I'm so glad you're okay."
"You look after yourself, Dad," Renee said. "I'll see you soon."
"Right..." Jack's voice rambled on for another five minutes before he signed off and Stephanie came online.
"It will be awhile before we can get to you all, Renee," she said. "We're sending more supplies to you soon so get ready for another frankfurter chain."
"Okay," Renee replied and switched off to see Courtney gazing at her.
"Your Dad sounds like a nice old guy."
"He is."
"You're lucky, damn lucky. I wish my Dad was out there." 
*
Sergeant Gary McKnight was impressed with Jack Bonnett and glanced at Stephanie as the elderly man limped outside. "I didn't want to alarm him but we have a problem. It's a bit of a time bomb down there."
"How come, Sergeant?" 
"I've been talking to some professor at a university in California who's been studying the infrared photos of the caves. That large red blob our friends are in is more than a cavity. He pointed to a copy on the desk. See how the colour changes to a deeper red?"
Stephanie leaned over the sheet. "I can see a slight difference," she said. "What does it mean?"
"This particular readout measures density. The colours are reversed for clarity. The darker the colour, the less dense the ground layers. Red areas show gaps in the strata. In other words, the caves."
"Okay. I understand. That's how we found this lower cavity."
"But it shows more." McKnight grunted. "That slightly darker mass below them is yet another cavity. See the thin cream line?"
The officer nodded.
"That's the floor of the cavern they're in."
"But it's only halfway. They aren't at the bottom."
"Exactly but worse still. The scientists I talked to said the lower cavern is not filled with air but another gas."
"What sort?"
"We don't know but the guess is methane. It appears from successive readings that it is leaking into their cavity. A worse scenario is that it could be compressed and if disturbed could ignite to blow up the whole cavern. A spark from drilling equipment or electrical gear could ignite it."
Stephanie whispered, "So what do we do?"
"We're monitoring the air content. Their morale is good, so we don't want to do anything yet. Meanwhile, a route in has been found. It will take a day or more to reach them and as long to bring them out." Gary nodded grimly. "Our job, Stephanie, is to keep their morale up. Let Jack Bonnett talk to his daughter whenever he wishes."
"And the other two, Sergeant?"
"Lem Erksberg's wife is coming but we have not been able to trace the girl's parents. It seems she was a runaway who has been in the state only a couple weeks doing casual work in a motel." 
*
The day that followed became an anticlimax with the trio having to bide their time and wait. More supplies were lowered, including oxygen cylinders with accompanying masks. 
"Just in case," Gary McKnight replied when Lem inquired why the oxygen was needed.
It was well into the night and Courtney was snoring when Lem rolled over in his sleeping bag and saw Renee was also awake.
"I think I'll go for a stretch and look at the glowworms," she said. 
"Can I come?" Lem replied in a hushed voice.
"I'd like that." 
Lem held Renee's crutches, while she used her bottom to slide her sleeping bag out the front of the tent. She accepted his help, staggered to her feet and placed the crutches under her armpits.
"Thanks, Lem. It's good to be mobile again."
"Take it carefully," Lem replied. "Remember, your ankle is probably broken."
Renee smiled and nodded.
They moved slowly across the hard floor with Renee manipulating her crutches successfully. Their world was silent and within a few moments the light faded into the distance like a foggy streetlight. They stopped and Renee dropped the crutches aside, leaned against a massive stalactite and reached for Lem's hands. Without a word he moved forward, tucked his massive arms around and hugged her close.
"Lem," she whispered. "Will we really get out of here?"
"I think so."
*
She was so close he could smell mint toothpaste on her breath. Without thinking he bent forward and found soft lips pressed against. That first kiss became frantic as she wriggled into him and he could feel soft breasts rubbing against his chest.
His body immediately responded.
But he knew how lonely he was. He wanted this young woman. More than anything in the world he wanted her. It was more than physical attraction he was sure but something that he hadn't felt for years.
Expecting a sharp rebuff, he moved a hand up and placed it on her breast.
"Oh, Lem," she whispered but did not move away.
Nervous fingers lifted up the sloppy jersey she wore and whether it was by design or luck he did not know but her blouse came with it. He could see heaving white breasts hidden by a scanty black bra. She kissed him again, an almost violent French kiss. 
Now Renee was helping. With a shy smile she undid his shirt buttons and tugged it off. Nothing was said but her warm eyes of passion focused on his as she wriggled back a step, undid her bra and let it drop to the ground. 
He reached forward and slowly ran his open palms over her breasts and held her nipples between his fingers. By now they were on the ground with redundant clothing and all pretence thrown aside. 
While her fingernails scratched his bare back, she moved against him with passion Lem found difficult to control. My God. All thoughts to hold back and relish the moment were overridden by the sperm that bloated his organ. He held onto her quivering buttocks, moved forward and entered her in gigantic, frenzied thrusts.
*
"Your ankle?" Lem looked worried as they redressed and he searched for the crutches. "I hope I haven't hurt you. I should have stopped."
"Why?" Renee said with a smirk.
"It's just that..." He held the crutches out and helped her to her feet.
She put her arms around his neck. "I believe we needed each other and it happened. I'm proud what we did, not ashamed."
He bent forward to kiss her soft responding lips. 
They walked hand in hand back to the light of the camp, found their sleeping bags and slipped in beside the still sleeping teenager.
*

 CHAPTER 6
It was almost eight o'clock when Renee awoke to see Courtney staring at her in the dull light from the outside bulb. 
"Lem's gone to have a shave," Courtney said. "I wonder why." She fixed Renee with her blue eyes and swished a piece of blonde hair off her face. "Did you enjoy the big fuck last night?"
"What?" Renee replied. Courtney's frank manner was disconcerting.
"Don't try that big innocent talk with me. I know you were screwing the hell out of each other for over an hour."
"Not that long," Renee said as blood flooded her cheeks.
"Shit, you did it. I was only joking."
"Hush up, Courtney. There are some things I don't wish to discuss."
"Did he rape you?" Courtney's voice became strangely hushed.
Renee was about to take the comment as a joke but hesitated. Something about the girl's demeanour made her frown. 
"No," she said in a serious voice. "We made love. It just happened but I wanted it that way. Do you know what I mean?"
"No," Courtney growled. "Men don't love. They fuck and damn the consequences."
"Have you had a bad experience with men, Courtney?" Renee chose her words carefully. She knew if she was flippant or sounded inquisitive, the girl would retreat into herself. 
"Men," Courtney answered. "It's really the reason I decided to cut my last ties with my old life and head out here."
"Go on, I'm interested." 
"Well, as I told you, I cleared out from home. What I didn't add was that Kathleen came with me. We thought we'd travel south to Florida. You know, no winter, beaches, surf and jobs everywhere." She laughed sarcastically. "It didn't work out that way."
*
"I'm sick of it all," Kathleen said as she glared at Courtney over the old stained table in The Shaky Skeleton, a bar where the manager didn't care that the girls were underage.
Courtney sipped her beer and screwed up her nose. It tasted awful but she was not about to admit this to Kathleen. Ever since the accident, these places made her nervous.
Kathleen stared at her half empty glass and muttered, "I'm being sent to another boarding school next term. I told Mom I wasn't damn going and all hell broke loose. The old man backed her up, too. I've never seen him so angry since I was a kid." She gulped down the remainder of her drink. "Want another one?"
"No thanks." 
"Suit yourself," the other girl retorted and wandered through the crowded room for a refill. She returned with two drinks. "Just in case you change your mind." She grinned, plunked herself down and glared at her friend. "What was I saying?" 
"You had a row at home. At least you still have your own father. Mine's gone."
"Yeah, I heard about your mom's boyfriend and his little slut of a daughter you have to put up with. My God, I'd wring her damn neck if it was me." 
"So what do I do?" Courtney said.
"I'm leaving," Kathleen replied in a hushed voice. "Wanna come?"
*
"I thought it was a joke but Kathleen had it all worked out," Courtney said to Renee." She had a new Toyota to replace the wrecked car. One Saturday morning in early June we headed a thousand miles south down I-75 and ended up in Florida." 
"Didn't your parents realize what had happened?"
Courtney shrugged. "I'm not sure. Kathleen didn't seem to worry and I was so screwed up I didn't think about it." She sighed and gazed at the glowworms. "We intended to keep going to the Florida Keys but went across to Jacksonville instead. It was too big, so we went south to a town called Saint Augustine. The beach has white sand that goes for on for a hundred miles, I'd say. It's a beautiful area but was crowded with the summer influx by the time we arrived. Do you know the area?"
"No. I've been to New York and Niagara Falls but nowhere else in the east."
"Anyhow, that's when we got tired of driving. In Saint Augustine we found a campground that rented RVs as mobile homes. They were a bit tatty but the rent was reasonable and we were allowed to stay as long as we liked. Most campgrounds have a three-week restriction over the summer." 
"So what did you do?" 
"Went job hunting," Courtney growled. "I soon found out how the other half live." 
*
Much to Courtney's relief, the manager of the White Sails Restaurant gave the girls' resumes a cursory glance and seemed more interested in their physical attributes than any academic qualifications they may have had. Perhaps this was just as well for the documents were faked.
"You're lucky," he said without a smile. "We're short staffed so we can take you on."
He took out a document and pointed to the main clauses. "You get fourteen dollars and twenty cents an hour with ten percent deducted from your tips to distribute to the kitchen staff. Watch the British tourists. They aren't used to tipping and may need a polite reminder." 
Courtney shuddered. This cold man was not her idea of a good employer. However, after a spending the week searching, their optimism had disappeared. Dozens of inquiries, a lesser number of interviews and one embarrassing moment when a woman called to confirm their high school record, made them ready to take anything available.
"Your hours start at 6:00 p.m. and include cleaning up after the restaurant closes. After 2:00 a.m. there's a small overtime allowance." The manager appeared grim. "This rarely happens. The uniform you wear is provided but can be worn only on the premises, so you change when you arrive. Jake Cadasso is the kitchen manager and your immediate superior. You can start this evening."
*
"We need to find cheaper accommodations," Courtney muttered to Kathleen three weeks later. "By the time taxes are deducted, our income barely covers the cost of hiring the RV and food. There's nothing, not a cent left over. I've had to dig into my savings to pay my share of the car expenses."
"I know, but where can we go? The other workers are no better off. Sylvia lives in a truck parked in the service entrance of the restaurant and Marianne shares a pokey apartment with eight others."
"Eight?"
"Yeah. One of those extended Hispanic families. Compared with them, we're well off."
"Only because we had a bit of capital when we arrived," Courtney grumbled. "My three thousand is down to one. In a month there will be nothing left. To be frank, what we earn does not cover living expenses. It's stupid."
"So what do we do? I'm not going home."
"Ask Jake for a raise. There's that clause in our contract about us being entitled to an extra supplementary benefit over the holiday season because of higher living costs. It won't be much, I know but every bit counts."
"You can," Kathleen replied. "That man gives me the creeps. Oh, I know he's friendly enough but I don't trust him more than our slimy manager."
"I will," Courtney retorted. "And I'll do it tomorrow." 
*
Courtney stopped and took a sip from a bottle of water before glancing at Renee. "Through Jake we got the raise. I thought he was a nice guy and I was flattered by the attention he paid me. Every night after old Hrabowski left, that's the manager, the staff had a few drinks together before we went home. One perk of the job allowed us to finish opened bottles. It was relaxing and nothing serious happened until that night."
"Did he come on to you?" Renee asked sympathetically.
"The bastard did more than that," Courtney replied and burst into tears. 
"I see," Renee added and placed an arm around the youngster. "Would you like to talk about it?" 
She expected a rebuff but Courtney sat back, took out a handkerchief and wiped the tears away. "Yes, Renee, I would." 
Renee faced the tent flap over Courtney's shoulders when Lem appeared. She caught his eye and nodded towards the troubled girl. He slipped silently away.
"Jake asked if I'd like to go to a nightclub for an hour or so and reckoned nobody would care I was under age, so I accepted," Courtney began. 
*
It was the early hours of the morning when Jake and Courtney headed back to his car after a breathtaking round of three nightclubs. Though apprehensive, she was never challenged to show proof of her age but this could have been because Jake slipped some bills into the bouncer's hands at two places. It was a hot, steamy night and Courtney was relaxed and slightly under the influence of wine.
"I've got a few friends at my apartment," Jake said. "How'd you like to drop in for a coffee, then I'll run you back to the RV park?"
"Sure," mumbled Courtney.
A few moments later Jake pulled up outside a high gabled house, one of dozens that lined the street. He led her up a flight of stairs to the apartment. The inside was old but relatively tidy.
"The others will be along in a moment," the man commented casually. "Go on in." He held the door open.
Inside, Jake's attitude changed. An expectant look came into his eyes. As the teenager walked up the tiny corridor, he grabbed her shoulders, swung her around and kissed her passionately on the lips. Courtney was surprised but responded and didn't object when he led her to the couch in the sitting room. His hands went up her arms and pulled the blouse to her shoulders before plying fingers reached into the gap between her breasts.
Very quietly she took his wandering hand and removed it. "Stop it," she whispered in a frightened voice. "I think you'd better stop. I don't want to go all the way."
Jake said nothing but stood up, walked back and locked the door. He returned and grinned. "Take your bra off."
Courtney stared at the man in horror as she realized what he insinuated. "I don't want it." She quivered and attempted to maintain control. "Take me home, please, Jake." 
He laughed and moved forward with steely eyes looking directly at her. "You owe me, kid."
Without warning he lunged out, grabbed her in a vice like grip and none too gently paralysed any defence movements. Courtney screamed but was ignored and the rest became a blur of sheer terror. The man had a hand over her mouth, swore when she bit him and moved it down to her throat. 
She could smell his stinky breath, all alcohol and cigarettes and gulped for air. The grip on her throat relaxed but by now she was on the floor. Courtney shrieked as the man exposed himself and moved in. 
"You bastard." She wept as he ignored her pleas to stop and completed his foul deed. Hot tears of terror and humiliation poured down her cheeks, the long sobbing tears of one physically and emotionally violated.
*
"I ran to the bathroom and by the time I gained enough courage peep out, Jake had gone," Courtney muttered. "I found a cab at the corner and returned to the RV." 
"Oh, my God." Renee gasped. "I'm so sorry, Courtney."
"Kathleen just laughed and said it was something that everyone did and if I wasn't such a prude I'd realize that," Courtney added in a whisper. "We had a frightful row. I called her a little slut, packed up my bags and walked out. I guess I partly blamed her for everything that had happened." 
"From what you told me about Kathleen, I'd say you're better off without her." Renee said softly. "What happened next?"
"That afternoon, after wandering around in a sort of daze, I found one of those free clinics. They couldn't have been nicer. I was given this course of morning after pills, some injections to prevent VD and sent on my way. 
I took a bus to Jacksonville and drifted west through youth hostels and campgrounds until my money was gone. I was too ashamed to contact home and ended up here in Wyoming where I got my job at the motel. The pay's nothing much but the manager is a decent guy and I have a free cabin. I've been here almost a month."
Renee nodded.
"Damn baby, aren't I?" Courtney continued as tears rolled down her cheeks. "Thanks for the shoulder to cry on." 
"More like a friend wanting to talk things over." Renee gazed at the downcast ones opposite her. "But a good friend. Understand?" 
"I think so." 
"Look, when we get out of here, why don't you come back with me to Seattle? I reckon we could find you a job in the district."
Courtney looked up and whispered, "I'd like that." She reached forward, hugged Renee and gave her a kiss on the cheek "You and Lem deserve each other. Don't let him get away after we're rescued."
*

 CHAPTER 7
The diner adjacent to the campground where Renee's Dad had hired a cabin was crowded with hordes of tourists on summer vacation and the curious attracted by the plight of those in the cave.
Jack loved a full cooked breakfast and had piled his plate high with fried eggs, tomatoes, frankfurters and fries, as well as toast and coffee. He did, however, have trouble carrying the tray from the counter to the one vacant table near the rear of the room. With his usual determination he hitched his walking stick beneath an armpit and used his good hand to hold the tray against his stomach. All went well until he arrived at the table. It now required a balancing act to set the food down. He let the stick go. It clattered to the floor but Jack's good hand was strong and he held the tray securely. 
All he had to do now was lower it to the tabletop. This he accomplished and thinking how Renee would have complimented him, turned to recover the walking stick.
"You did well," a stranger's voice said, "but can I recover your stick for you?"
Jack looked down at a chubby woman with short gray hair. "I would appreciate the help, thank you, Madam," he said. "I never realized how much my daughter does for me until she's not around."
"Oh, call me Amy," the woman replied. "Amy Ryburn." She rested her own tray on the table, stooped, picked up Jack's stick and placed it by the wall before glancing around the crowded room. "We were both making for the same table."
"Then take a seat. Jack Bonnett's the name. Thank you so much for helping an old fellow out."
Amy nodded and sat down. "Bonnett? I know the name. Of course, the other girl trapped in the cave is Renee Bonnett."
"My daughter," Jack replied. "I had to be here." He shrugged. "Not that I can do much."
"And how are they?" The woman sounded like more than someone being polite. There was apprehension in her voice. "I only arrived late last night."
Jack studied Amy. "Do you know Renee?"
"No," Amy replied. "Courtney Howlett, the other girl with her, is my granddaughter. I was contacted by the police yesterday and flew straight out."
"I see," Jack replied slowly. "You're going through what I am." He reached across the table with his right hand. "I'm glad we bumped into each other, so to speak."
Amy's hand was soft with well-manicured nails but her grip was firm. She flushed softly. "I must confess it wasn't a coincident, Jack. When I arrived last night I was told you were here and I followed you into the diner."
"I'm glad," Jack replied with a smile. "It gets so impersonal here. Sure, the police and parks people couldn't be more helpful but they have their hands full."
Amy looked at Jack with warm hazel eyes. "So tell me about Renee."
"She's a lawyer," Jack began proudly. "A wonderful girl..." He gave his table companion a glowing summary of his daughter's accomplishments before stopping mid-sentence. "Here I go again. Sorry, I shouldn't be rambling on. I'm sure your granddaughter is every bit as successful."
"No," replied Amy. "She could be, I'm sure but she dropped out of school and ran away. I've been trying to trace her for weeks."
Jack frowned. "Where did she go?"
"I've no idea," Amy said. "Elizabeth, that's my daughter and Courtney's father broke up and Lizzie moved in with another man. Hank, her father, is overseas in England. This man Lizzie moved in with had his own family and the kids didn't get on with Courtney." Amy stirred her breakfast cereal and sighed. "He's a pleasant enough chap but you know how it is when two families are brought together."
"I've heard," Jack replied. "And is Elizabeth here?"
"No," Amy replied angrily. "She had the silly idea Courtney wouldn't want her, so I told her if that was the case I'd come." She glanced up and smiled. "Teenagers can be difficult these days but what else could I do?"
"I'm sure this young lass will appreciate you being here."
"We'll see. My own daughter had everything but never appreciated a thing. I had hoped Courtney wouldn't grow up the same." She ate more breakfast before continuing. "Perhaps it was all my fault, I don't know. Anyhow, I tried to help Courtney but it seems she's gone down the same track as Elizabeth."
"But you don't know that."
"Well, she ran away and heaven knows what she's like now. The things you hear that happen to young girls. When I heard she was here, it seemed a blessing but now..." She ran a hand over her mouth and gazed at Jack with moist eyes. "There's some rumour about poisonous gas blowing up before they can be rescued."
"There are always rumours," Jack said in a whisper. He, too, had heard the story and was worried. "Look, I'm driving up to the cave after breakfast. I've got the farm's Chevy Blazer that Renee brought, at my cabin. Would you like to come?"
"Thank you, Jack," Amy replied. "I've got no transportation and would love a ride." She frowned. "But how do you drive?"
"Stick the automatic in Drive. My good side is all I need for the accelerator and brake." Jack grunted and dug into his breakfast. He glanced up and saw that the woman looked interested, rather than just nosy or condescending, so he continued. "Still want to risk coming with me?"
Amy smiled. "Of course."
Jack grinned. The woman seemed pleasant but he felt self-conscious. Except for Renee, of course, he had little to do with the fair sex since his wife died. He was discreet but sized the woman up. She was probably in her late fifties, obviously wealthy but seemed genuine in her concern about the wayward granddaughter. 
Jack reached for his coffee and sipped. "Damn thing's cold," he muttered to himself and felt embarrassed when Amy took the mug and walked to the counter. She returned a moment later with two steaming hot replacements.
"They didn't mind," she said. "I like my coffee hot, too." 
*
"Dad," Renee said through the microphone. "We have a little problem with Courtney. She's distressed."
"What is it, Sweetheart?"
"She feels alone. Could you ask the police if they managed to trace either of her parents? I think she needs them."
"Is that so?" Jack replied. "Can I talk to her?"
"I'll get her. Won't be a moment."
Courtney frowned as she switched on the microphone. "Hello, Mr. Bonnett."
"Do you know a Mrs. Amy Ryburn, Courtney?"
"She's my grandmother but how do you know about her?"
"Let's say I've been in contact and she's worried about you."
"Grandma? Did she call here?"
"She thinks you won't want to talk to her," Jack continued. "I told her that was a load of old rubbish and you'd be thrilled to have her near. Am I right?"
"Of course I'd talk to Grandma," Courtney said. "I always got on well with her. Next time she phones can you get the call transferred down here?"
"Nope," said Jack. 
"Why not?" Courtney was disappointed.
"No need. Can you wait a moment?"
"I'm not going anywhere," Courtney retorted and glared at Renee, who could hear the conversation over the speaker.
"Honey, is that you?" Amy spoke. 
"Grandma!" she screamed. "Where are you?"
"Here, Honey. Right above you with Jack."
"Oh, my God." The girl gasped and burst into tears. "You came all the way out here from home?"
"When I found out I took the first plane out."
"For me?" Courtney's voice broke.
"Of course, Honey. I have only one granddaughter, you know."
"Oh, Grandma. Thank you so much but where's Daddy or Mom?"
"We're trying to contact your dad. Mom sends her love and will try to make it out here as soon as possible."
"Yeah. I'm sure," Courtney muttered. "But you're here, aren't you?"
"I sure am, Honey and I'll be here when you come out. We can catch up on everything. I've missed you, Courtney."
"You have?" 
"Of course. I wrote several times but your mother said she didn't know where to forward the letters. You were naughty, disappearing like that."
"Yes, Grandma," Courtney replied but her eyes were glowing.
*
The eastern access to the cave proved to be a problem. The labyrinth of unexplored tunnels came back on themselves, petered out, or became so narrow nobody could proceed.
One possibility was a large cavern shaped like a horizontal exclamation mark with the point dropping vertically to another twisting tunnel. If instruments could be believed, it ended up close to where the three victims were trapped.
"I don't like it," Dave Foy, the bearded spelunker muttered, as he squinted into the flashlight beam showing the chasm below. "We're below the cavern and this next section is lower still. I wouldn't be surprised if the air is foul. There could be a leak from that gas reserve the satellite picked up."
"So what do we do?" Police Officer Kelly Brausch replied.
Dave wiped his hands on his jacket and grunted. "This is where we need to use Rex." 
He squatted, took a large pack off his back and opened it. Inside was Rex, a remote exploration vehicle. It was about fifteen inches long and with its two bulbous lenses at the front and oversized lights on each corner, looked like a grotesque insect on six balloon tires. Dave placed the vehicle in a fishnet cradle and hooked it to a rope. With Kelly's help he dangled the cradle over the vertical drop and lowered it down.
Rex disappeared into the depths for almost the full length of the rope before it went slack to show solid ground had been reached. 
"Okay, Kelly get it going, then switch the controls to the guys above."
"Right." The police officer pressed a button on the remote control; four powerful lights blazed far below and bathed the tunnel beneath them in a shadowless white light.
The pair gazed at the small monitor. Rex was in a narrow cave large enough for a human to stand upright. The floor sloped up to the west at a thirty-degree angle.
"It looks promising," Dave muttered. "Let's head back. We've done our bit."
They turned and made their methodical way back to the surface.
*
Fifteen minutes later an ear-splitting roar shook the speakers in the control vehicle parked on Eagle Point Plateau. A vision of a fireball of gas filled the monitor screen before it flickered and died. The whole mountainside shook.
Far below, the earth moved, the ceilings buckled and fell. Countless millennia of natural formations collapsed like a faulty building in a Turkish earthquake. Layer upon layer tumbled, the surface dipped and shook, while surface crews could only hold on and watch.
A gentle slope of mountainside just beyond the small base camp vented smoke before the earth moved again. Thousands of cubic feet of the surface quivered and imploded. Trees, rocks and soil sunk for hundreds of feet into a moonlike crater of debris, smoke and dust. The mountainside trembled and a second landslide tumbled into the subsequent gap, until the gentle forested slope was no more.
In its place was an inverted cone of sheer cliffs that disappeared into the bowels of the earth. Hissing, groaning rocks replaced the thunder, the quivering soil slowed and stopped as the caverns filled and held. Incoming soil backed up, slid down ravines or other slopes, until gravity stopped the momentum and dust flew into the air to join the smoke and ash.
Dave, Kelly and the others discovered later that the landslide did something humans with all their resources would have had difficulty achieving. A million tons of limestone, rock and soil contained and smothered the explosion, so it never reached the surface. Only a cloud of fine brown dust blew into the air and dropped over the mountain.
Kelly and Dave were lucky to escape death that morning. Fifteen rescue workers were trapped in higher tunnels but radio contact was maintained. Everyone survived the explosion and the subsequent collapse of the caves with little more than ringing ears and thumping hearts as adrenaline worked overtime to supply terrified minds. Confusion reined and rescue crews waited for aftershocks. 
*
"What was it, Jack?" An ashen-faced Amy asked when she staggered to her feet beside the collapsed tent that served as rescue headquarters.
"Something went terribly wrong," he replied in a hoarse whisper choked with emotion. "There was an explosion." His one good arm encircled the woman beside him. "I don't think it came from below but around the mountain. Look."
The pair gazed up at a cloud of brown dust bellowing into the sky beyond the firs.
"My Courtney," Amy whispered. "Could they have survived?"
"I don't know," Jack replied, his own face like chalk, "but pray to God, they did." 
He held the weeping woman while his haunted eyes stared at the dust. His gaze shifted and saw others rising to their feet. Stephanie stood dazed with blood streaming down her face. Another man staggered, groaning and disoriented, while a third crawled from beneath the tent canvas. Orders filled the air but it was not over yet, for the earth had begun to shake again.
*
"We've got the electricity going," Gary McKnight told Jack and Amy. He pointed to a gauge needle that had swung to a yellow curve. "So the cavern must still be there."
It was over an hour since the explosion and the father and grandmother were standing beside the mobile generator. Most of McKnight's team had gone to help in rescue efforts but the sergeant had decided it was important to make contact with Renee, Lem and Courtney, so had kept a skeleton crew at the drill site.
"But the phone and speakers are dead," Jack grumbled. 
"Equipment failure," Gary explained. "A crew is feeding a new line in now. If they're conscious we'll find out within a few moments. Excuse me." He glanced up as a man wearing a hard hat walked in. "Any luck, Nathan?"
"As you can see, we got the power on," Nathan replied. "The main pipe has been squashed and nothing will get through. I'm hesitant about trying to clear it with the drill. We could sever the power line."
"So what do you suggest?"
"We need to move the rig a few feet and drill a new hole."
"But how do we find out if they're alive?" Amy said. "They could be lying there injured, suffocating...anything."
"They have light," Jack replied. "So at least they'll know we're okay. I'm sure this gentleman will get through as soon as it's possible."
Gary nodded. "If that's the best way, then do it. You're the engineer, Nathan."
"Right," the man replied. He glanced at Amy and raised his helmet a fraction. "Sorry, Ma'am. As soon as we have news, we'll tell you."
"Thank you, Nathan. I know you're doing your best and it is appreciated." She turned back to the elderly man watching her. "I'm glad you're here to share the burden, Jack. Somehow, it makes it easier."
Jack ran a shaky hand over his stubble and held her blue eyes. "Me, too," he replied in a soft voice. "I wish I'd met you in better circumstances." 
He gave a twisted smile, nodded at the sergeant and limped out of the tent. Dust still rose above the firs but the sun poked out beyond it from a deep blue sky. Jack stopped and stared. If only Renee was safe. The waiting and not knowing was unbearable. 
A rustle from behind made him turn. Amy stood with an apprehensive expression. "If you want to be alone with your thoughts I'll leave, Jack." 
"No, Amy. I'm not good at talking to ladies but would like you to stay. What say we go and watch the rig being shifted?"
"I'd like that."
As they walked down the path her hand slipped through his arm. Jack glanced down, smiled and stepped forward with hardly a limp. Inside, his thoughts turned to confidence. Renee was safe, he knew now but other emotions, suppressed for years, stirred. 
"Thoughts?"
"Just thinking about my daughter." Jack lied as his leathery face heated. "She's a lawyer, did I tell you?"
"You did, Jack." She laughed. "You must be proud of her."
Their solitude was interrupted when the huge tractor unit that carried the rig burst into life. Two workers used oversized wrenches to unbolt the pipe protruding from the ground rock. Another man waved, sixteen massive tires gripped and the steel tower crawled forward. Within a few moments the truck had manoeuvred to a new spot twenty feet away, commands were shouted and the drill itself was raised, locked in a vertical position and the cutting head turned. 
It descended, the rumble turned to a howl and particles of dirt and dust spun into the air. Water, used to cool the cutter, sprayed everywhere but was ignored by the crew as they carried out their appointed duties.
For better or worse, the fate of those trapped below would soon be known.
*

 CHAPTER 8
When the earth shook, Renee gave an involuntary shudder and glanced up from the book she was reading. What began as a slight shaking of their overhead light was within seconds a rolling tremor. Seconds later the area jolted violently and was accompanied by a rumbling like thunder during a summer's storm.
"What's wrong?" she asked.
"Trouble!" Lem yelled.
Courtney screamed when the light went out and the trio were plunged in darkness, a total blackout. This lasted mere seconds.
"Oh, my God," Renee hissed.
The whole area to their east lit up in a bright flash, so strong she had to shade her eyes.
"Lightning," screamed Courtney. "But how, down here?"
The whole cavern was lit by a pulsing red and yellow glow. The rumbling continued, accompanied by sudden movement of air. A gust that sucked towards the light turned to a gale, which buffeted Renee's face. Words were torn from her mouth, hair flung into her eyes and the book pages flapped.
Choking dust twirled, stung her eyes and entered her nose. She could not breath. It was blocking everything. Where were her crutches? They'd been blown aside. Magazines, plastic bags and other light objects flew through the air and the tent flapped. Only heavy restraining pegs held it secure.
She sputtered a rasping cough to clear her throat and sucked in dust-laden air, only to find herself choking again. Her eyes could barely function as tears tried to flush them clean. Her lungs protested. She heaved and gasped like an asthmatic. The more she tried to breathe, the worse it became. 
She forced her stinging eyes open. Everything was lit up, so every stalactite and stalagmite stood out like a monstrous Greek temple. Desperate, Renee attempted to stand but her broken ankle would not support her weight and she was pitched sideways onto the ground.
Panic set in. 
But help was at hand. A muscular arm grabbed her and she was half carried and half dragged into the flapping tent. Lem shouted something in her ear.
"Oxygen," he yelled. "Put on the mask."
She felt his hand place a small plastic mask over her face. There was a faint hiss inside her head and cool fresh air entered her raw throat. She could breath!
"Take it slowly." Lem's muffled voice punctured her senses. "The air is being sucked away."
Renee opened her eyes, rubbed the stinging tears aside and glanced around. Orange canvas flapped above the dark blue floor. Courtney was coughing beside her but had managed to pull the tent door zipper down.
Renee breathed that fresh, delicious oxygen into her lungs and squeezed Lem's hand. "Thank you."
But there was no time to say more. Another gigantic rumble made her jump in terror and the world blacked out. Total blackness surrounded her as if someone had punched out her eyes but all other senses were on overdrive. She felt dust even inside the tent. The taste of grit filled her mouth, her eyes smarted and she could smell scorched milk.
Scorched milk, how could that be? It wasn't, of course but there was a distinct aroma of burnt objects. 
A light came on, a local friendly light. Lem had turned on his helmet flashlight.
"The tent!" Courtney screamed.
Renee frowned before she understood. The flapping stopped. Everything became quiet but this was only momentary. When the flapping began again it was less powerful and only buffeted the canvas gently but while the air was still dust-laden, it felt different. 
Lem removed his mask and a pale smile came to his lips. "We have air. I think we can breathe without the masks."
Renee removed her mask and took several tentative breaths. The air appeared fresh. The wind slowed to a breeze and finally nothing. Lem looked as if he'd grown a ginger-beard and Courtney was wide- eyed and open-mouthed.
"What was it?" the youngster gasped.
"An explosion followed by a cave-in, I think," Lem answered. "It sucked our air away and the following landslide collapsed the cave to our east and sealed us in." 
"But we can breathe," Courtney argued.
"There must be an entrance somewhere in the direction where we fell in. Perhaps the earthquake made a hole."
Renee replied, "New air from the upper cave rushed into the vacuum. That was the changed wind direction."
"I'd say so," Lem concluded.
Renee found Lem's arm around her and noticed he also held the shaking teenager. She began to speak but stopped. Another earthquake had arrived. The tent shook, some equipment outside clanged, the shake subsided and silence returned to their lonely prison.
"Oh, Lem," Renee cried. "Is it over?"
"I think so. Stay here and I'll slip out for a peek."
He squeezed both their arms and walked away.
"I was petrified," Courtney confessed. "When I couldn't breathe I thought that was it."
Their conversation was interrupted when Lem returned. "It's a mess out there but the air is fresh. Even the hot stink has gone. However, the light doesn't go on and all contact with the surface is broken." He produced a flask. "Here, quench your throats. The food is all over the place." He sat and grinned. "There'll be no more earthquakes, though." Nobody said a word and his expectant look turned to disappointment. "Well, aren't you going to ask why?" 
"I know why," Renee whispered.
"I don't. How?" Courtney shrieked in exasperation.
Renee pulled back the tent flap. "The glowworms have lit up." She frowned. "I'd forgotten but just before it happened, I'm sure they switched off. I glanced up from my book and saw it. Seconds later the quake started."
"So it must be a good sign," Lem added. 
"But how would a tiny insect know?" Courtney asked.
"They knew," Lem replied. "And I reckon they know it's okay now."
And so it was. No more tremors arrived, the air remained pure and a million glowworms covered their artificial sky like friends offering guidance and support. Ten minutes later the light came on but the microphone and speaker remained silent.
"Well, back to being Robinson Crusoe," Lem said.
"Yeah and two Girl Fridays," Courtney replied. 
*
The day passed slowly, an anticlimax fuelled by the apprehension of not knowing what was happening outside. During the afternoon the light flickered in a distinct rhythm.
Renee frowned and clicked her fingers. "Of course. Have we a pencil handy?"
"I think so," Courtney replied. She rummaged through one of the containers, produced a note pad and pen and handed them to Renee. 
Meanwhile, the light flickered a steady pattern.
"Someone is sending us Morse Code," Renee said. She wrote the short and long flickers down as dots and dashes.
While the others watched, she continued for several moments before grinning. "One message is being repeated." She held up the note pad. "Now I have to work it out."
"They've stopped." Lem nodded at the light that glowed without a flicker.
But Renee wasn't listening. She wrote letters down, frowned, scratched a few out and replaced them, before she smiled and studied her effort. "Here it is. I learned it years ago as a girl scout. It fascinated me and I still know most codes. Daddy would have remembered that." She read the message. "Turn off light two times."
It was Courtney who rushed over and pressed the tiny switch above the bulb. They were plunged into darkness. It returned when she pressed the switch again and repeated the manoeuvre.
They waited but the bulb glowed without a blink.
"Do it again," Lem said.
After the third time they stared at the bulb and waited.
"Shit!" Courtney whispered when it flickered on and off once more.
Renee grabbed the pen and again jotted down the code. A few moments later she handed the note pad to Lem who read it.
"Drilling new hole. Old pipe blocked...take time. Do not worry if ceiling shakes. Love, Daddy."
*
Jack broke into a broad smile when, for a second time the amp gauge on the generator flicked back, stopped and resumed its original position.
"They're alive," he hooted in excitement and placed a sloppy kiss on the woman next to him, then realized what he'd done and broke into profuse apologies. 
"Why apologize, Jack?" Amy was excited, too. "If we can't show our emotions at a time like this, when can we?"
"Yes but..." Jack flushed and looked at Gary for support.
The trooper grinned and shrugged. "Well, you'd better work out the next message old timer. I thought Morse code had gone out of fashion years ago."
"Probably has," Jack replied, "but this just shows the newfangled things aren't always the best."
He sat, wrote out his message, scratched out unnecessary words and assigned the code to it.
From the messages that arrived from Renee, Jack and his companions found that the three were safe but curious about the cause of the explosion.
"Tell them not to move away from their present site," Gary advised. "It'll take awhile for the new access hole to be drilled and we don't know how stable the cavern is."
"Right," Jack replied, his eyes aglow. 
*
Afternoon turned to evening and the pair were still by the generator when Stephanie arrived. 
"The drill hit an unexpected piece of hard strata and has had to slow down. The foreman reckons they won't be through before morning." She smiled at Jack. "Why don't you two go back to the campground?"
"But what if messages come through?" Jack protested. 
"We had a copy of the code sent to us," the officer continued. "I'm here all night and if a message comes through I'll work it out." She placed a hand on Jack's shoulder. "It'll take a little longer but I'm sure we can decode any message."
"Come on, Jack," Amy persuaded. "Exhausting yourself won't help anything." 
"No, I guess not." Jack smiled when Amy handed him his walking stick but he hesitated and turned. "Can I ask one favour?" 
"Sure."
"Could you drive the Chevy back to camp? When I'm tired my bad side shakes and I find it difficult to drive."
"Of course but on one condition."
Jack frowned.
"Oh, Jack," Amy said and squeezed his arm. "I was going to invite you for dinner at the trailer I rented. It has a full kitchen unit." She hesitated before continuing in a quiet voice. "Like you, I hate waiting around. Cooking is my way of occupying my mind but to do it just for myself..."
"You know, I love cooking, too," Jack replied. "It's one way I help Renee. When she gets home from work late and she's tired, I have a meal waiting."
"So you'll come?"
"Yes, love to," Jack replied. "I get sick of those diner meals all the time. There's nothing like home cooking, I say."
*
It was a wonder Renee's and Courtney's ears didn't burn, for all evening Jack and Amy discussed their offspring with pride. 
"We're wrapped up in our kids, aren't we Jack?" Amy said. "I've missed Courtney over the last few months."
"Renee has always been there for me."
"So, what else do you do, Jack?"
"Well, the farm became a burden so except for a couple home fields, it's leased out. I potter around." 
Amy listened as Jack talked and she told a little of her own life. She had been a widow for three years and had only one daughter. She smiled. "Thanks for listening to me ramble on."
Jack returned the smile. "I enjoyed it." 
And he had. When he drove the short distance to his cabin an hour later his thoughts were on the pleasant evening. Amy was different than his late wife in many ways but in others she was the same. He sighed. It was stupid to compare the living with the dead. She was a pleasant woman who shared the same near tragedy. Once Renee and Amy's granddaughter came to the surface he'd probably never see her again. He chuckled. It was a great evening, though.
*

CHAPTER 9
"Watch the birdie," Courtney yelled when Renee woke up.
The waking woman's senses were on full alert but there was no danger this time. Instead she saw an impulsive grin and Courtney with a digital camera in her hand.
"Where did you get that?"
"It came down through the new hole they drilled. If you weren't such a sleepy head, you and old Lem here wouldn't have missed the fun."
Renee turned; noticed Lem was still asleep and returned to her young friend. "Okay, what fun?"
"I've been talking to everyone," Courtney said with a smirk. "Grandma, your dad, Gary and Stephanie. Everyone. You never told me your father has a real twinkle in his eye."
"Courtney." Renee sounded exasperated. "What are you babbling on about?"
"Okay but I couldn't help having fun. Here, hold the camera." Still perplexed, Renee took the instrument while Courtney disappeared only to reappear seconds later with a laptop in her hand. She plunked it on a backpack at the end of Renee's sleeping bag and turned it so the screen could be seen.
"Hi, Sweetheart," said a familiar face from the screen.
Renee gasped. "Daddy?" 
"Courtney was right." Her father chuckled. "You certainly know how to sleep. I can't see much now, though. Only the inside of the tent."
Renee grabbed the camera and aimed it at the girl. "This is public nuisance number one, Dad," she said in a sombre voice. "I guess you've already met her."
"Oh, yes," Jack answered. "She's told me everything."
"I hope not," Renee whispered with her hand over the microphone part of the camera and switched her eyes to her companion. "You didn't..."
Courtney shook her head but continued to smile mercilessly. "What's it worth to shut up?" she sniggered.
Renee tried to remain tight-lipped but failed miserably. She broke into a broad smile and grabbed the girl in a sudden headlock.
"Renee," Courtney screamed. "Stop it. You're hurting." 
*
Lem sprung up in alarm as pandemonium broke out. The two females were just about knocking the tent over, the younger one screaming, kicking and flinging her arms, while the other lay sedately with her broken ankle sticking out from the edge of the sleeping bag. She had her arms around the bundle of energy trying to break free. It was his turn to be confused.
"So that was it," a dishevelled Courtney explained a few moments later. "The new hole they drilled is wider than the original, fifteen inches they told me." Her eyes caught the monitor and she lost her train of thought. "Oh, my God." She gasped.
"Hi there, honey," Amy said from the screen. "You're looking well."
Courtney stared at the camera. "Hi, Grandma," she replied in a humble voice. "You look no different."
"You do too, Honey. You've grown into a beautiful young woman, I see. I like your hairstyle. Longer hair suits you."
"Oh, Grandma." The girl seemed pleased at the attention given to her. 
*
Once the levity was over, Gary came on screen with a report on their situation. "The whole eastern sector of Misty Depths Catacombs exploded and caused a spontaneous collapse. There's now a gigantic crater where the caves were."
"What happens now?" Lem asked.
"We've decided to bring tunnelling equipment. We'll dig through the section where you fell in. It could take two or three days, I'm afraid."
The trio gazed at one another with mixed emotions before Lem said; "I guess we can hold out but what about Renee's ankle? She's comfortable with the clamps but the bone beneath hasn't been set."
"I know," the sergeant replied. "I'm sorry but there's little else we can do."
"At least we're alive and in good health," Renee said. "I am curious about something, sergeant."
"What is that, Renee?"
"The gas that exploded. Did you know it was there?"
"You were sitting right above a grotto of compressed gas. It could have blown your cavern up at any time."
"You knew?" Lem retorted.
Despite his professional manner, the sergeant looked uncomfortable. "We never told you earlier because your morale would have plummeted. Engineers here assure me the risk of another explosion is minimal."
Amy appeared on the monitor. "We were told of the risk and it was our decision to keep it from you. That's because we love you."
Courtney bit her bottom lip. "All those people are there to help us," she said after the laptop was switched off. "I never realized Grandma cared." She shrugged. "I never thought about her over the last few months. Even earlier, she was someone who visited, said nice things, always gave me a present, and then disappeared on an airplane. I got on with my life and took her for granted, I guess."
"It's times like this when we need a family," Renee replied. 
Lem nodded and rubbed the girl's hair. "And what else came down the new hole, my girl?"
"Food, clothes and more newspapers," she replied. "I almost forgot. There's a hot breakfast waiting. Come and get it before everything turns cold."
She turned and disappeared outside.
Renee turned and grinned at Lem. "Is it my imagination or is Courtney becoming quite a character?"
"I think she always was but the tough times she went through suppressed it."
"And yourself?"
"What do you mean?"
"Your wife didn't turn up," she whispered.
"Good. I don't need her."
"So who do you need?"
"You." 
Renee looked up and saw serious, wide eyes gazing into hers. "You aren't joking are you, Lem?"
"No. Am I being an old fool caught up in this artificial situation?"
"Lem," Renee's voice was intense. She manipulated herself up and flung her arms around his neck. Her tongue ran across the top of her lips, she gave Lem a bruising kiss on the lips and wriggled in close. They kissed with passion before Renee pulled back. "Does that answer any doubts you have?" she whispered, kissed him again and ducked out of the tent. 
*
It was late evening and Jack was about to change and crawl into bed when he heard a knock. His immediate thoughts were that something must have gone wrong. What other reason would there be for someone to call at this hour? He rushed to the door and flung it open. 
Amy stood there.
"What happened?" Jack asked. 
The woman smiled apprehensively. "Nothing, Jack. It's just me. Can I come in?"
"Of course." His worried emotion changed to that of curiosity. "I was finishing off a sketch and time slipped by. I guess you saw my light."
Amy appeared nervous with her writhing hands but her lips showed determination. "Will you hear me out? Please, Jack."
"I thought you enjoyed our evening together." 
He shut the door and waved at the spare bed that acted as a couch.
"I did," Amy whispered as she sat. "But I began to think about tomorrow."
"The rescue? They're all well, Amy," 
"It's not them." Amy's eyes bored into Jack's. "It's us."
"What do you mean?"
"Tomorrow they'll be out, no doubt Renee will be taken to the hospital to have her ankle set but then we'll go home."
"I guess you're right." 
"I am. You'll go to Seattle and I'll return to Grand Rapids in Michigan." She stopped. "I doubt if Courtney will come with me." Her eyes turned to Jack and he saw her chin quiver.
"Go on," he said.
"I'm almost sixty, Jack and not good at this."
"At what?"
Her hands reached out to grab his. "My daughter is thirty-seven, granddaughter eighteen and I've been a widow for several years. It's just…" She stopped, dropped Jack's hands and stood. "It doesn't matter. I'll get back to my trailer. Sorry I interrupted."
Jack grabbed Amy's arm. "There's more. Tell me, what is it?"
Amy turned with tear-smudged eyes. "I want you to make love to me. I thought if I didn't tell you tonight, you'd leave tomorrow and I'd never see you again." 
Jack stood rock still as he assimilated the information but apart from a slight twitch of his left eye, his reaction was neutral. "I don't know," he replied in a monotone.
Amy gave a gasp and stepped towards the door. "I'm sorry. I've been a fool. I..."
"You don't understand," Jack blurted out. "My feelings for you are the same, Amy. If only I'd met you before my stroke I'd be the proudest man around to... you know. Oh hell." He groped for words. "I mean, with my disability I don't know if I can perform the way men should. I've never tried since my stroke."
"But the rest of what I said?"
"Don't go home. Come with Renee and me back to Washington State." He broke into his twisted smile. "I reckon it wouldn't take much to persuade your granddaughter to come too. She seems to be getting on well with Renee."
Amy whispered, "You aren't just feeling sorry for me?"
Jack sat down as something embarrassing happened in his groin area. Stirrings never felt for a decade were beginning to surface. "I'll need to change," he muttered and glanced poignantly at the double bed. "Did you..."
The sentence was never finished. He could only gap when Amy slowly removed her blouse and jeans. Beneath she wore slick pink pyjamas that hid nothing. She put her arms around Jack's waist and kissed him on the lips. 
"I'll help, Jack."
The light went out and they crawled between the sheets. Jack discovered his fears were unfounded. Moments later, he proved his capabilities and made desperate love to the passionate, moaning woman beneath him. Afterwards, they sat up, cuddled, kissed, fondled and talked. Finally, Jack fell asleep and his dreams were of pleasant things, hope, happiness and a chubby woman near him. 
Morning arrived and the sun streamed in the cabin window. Amy, fully dressed and smiling, held a steaming mug of coffee. He took the coffee, placed in on the table and reached out to squeeze her arm.
"God, I'm glad you came last night. I would never have scraped up the nerve. You know how conservative our generation is?"
"Yes. The two stiff whiskies I took gave me courage," she replied and bit her lip as if her confidence had gone. "Jack, if the offer is still on, I would like to go back to Seattle with you, for a little while, anyway. Things have happened so quickly."
"I know. The offer still stands but there's no hurry now, is there? We can take one day at a time."
"Yes, we certainly can." 
*
When the rescue team arrived, Renee and the others had already packed up and were waiting near the spot where they had originally fallen in. Five people dressed in bright protective clothing appeared and descended down ropes to meet them. Introductions were given and she was strapped onto a stretcher. She smiled at her friends of the last few days and was pulled up to a ledge. Once there, she could see a well-lit corrugated iron cylinder twisting back through the collapsed area. 
"You know," she said to Lem as she was jostled along by the four people holding the stretcher. "Last time I was here, you were just a stranger walking along behind me, offering advice every now and then."
"Yes," he replied. "And I remember wondering how I could possibly keep up with that dynamic woman in front of me." He glanced at Courtney who held one side of Renee's stretcher. "And stay ahead of the keen young lady breathing down my neck."
Cameras, reporters and spectators vied for positions when they appeared at the surface. Jack's tanned face had a wide grin and he had an arm around Amy, who appeared shorter in real life than on the monitor.
"Grandma," Courtney yelled. "I'm here, Grandma."
"Oh, Courtney," Amy replied and burst into tears when Courtney let a medic take over her corner of the stretcher and rushed to her. It was hugs and tears with Amy gushing the way grandmothers do.
Renee turned and saw her father a few feet away. ""Daddy, thank you for being here the whole time to support me." She reached up, kissed her father on the cheek and squeezed his good hand. 
"That's what fathers are for, Sweetheart."
Renee glanced to where Lem had stepped back. "I want you to meet Lem, Dad. Lem, meet my Dad."
Jack turned and gave the younger man an enthusiastic handshake. "So you're the reason my daughter has a twinkle in her eye, Lad." 
Lem smiled. "I guess so, Jack. We all pulled together pretty well down there."
"So I gathered." Jack chuckled and winked at Renee. It was as if he knew everything that had happened.
Their conversation was interrupted by an over enthusiastic television reporter who brazenly pushed in and began asking questions. After answering a barrage of them for a few moments Renee switched her eyes to Lem and noticed his expression had changed into an annoyed frown. He gazed over her father's shoulders. 
"What is it, Lem?" she asked with alarm in her voice.
"Why did she have to come?"
"Who?" She wanted to sit but was held in place by the stretcher straps.
"Nikki, my wife, is here," Lem muttered. "She's pushed her way past the security guards and is heading this way."
*

 CHAPTER 10
"Courtney," Renee hissed. "Will you undo these damn stretcher straps. I want to sit up."
The girl glanced at her, over to Lem and at the woman striding towards them.
"Sure, Renee," she whispered. "But you aren't going to like what you see."
She undid two leather straps and helped Renee to a sitting position. "If it's any comfort, I don't think Lem is pleased his wife has turned up. I've never seen him looking so annoyed."
Renee nodded and saw the reason for Courtney's comments. Nikki Erksberg was a slim brunette, probably no older than herself, with long shoulder-length hair that tumbled down on a crisp navy blue business suit. She wore a frilly lemon-coloured blouse and a tight skirt. As the woman walked closer, Renee could see a well made-up but pouting face that changed to a smile when the woman noticed herself under scrutiny. The smile never reached the cold, determined eyes.
Compared with this stranger, Renee felt unkempt and dirty. Worse, though, was another emotion that gripped her. Was it fear or apprehension? This was no stranger but Lem's wife. The thought sent her mind churning and she realized what was wrong. She was jealous. With this attractive woman as his wife, why would he be interested in her?
Renee felt a hand on her shoulder and glanced up to see Courtney gazing intently at her. "You're better than that stuck up bitch," the girl whispered. "And don't you forget it."
Another hand grabbed hers and squeezed so hard she almost gasped. She turned and saw Lem staring at the woman but at the same time he squeezed her hand.
"Lem," Nikki called and without hesitation flung her arms around him and kissed him on the lips. Cameras flashed and she turned to smile at those around.
Renee burned. Lem's hand was gone and throngs of people crowded around. She knew what was happening. This woman wanted the limelight. It was one big show for the media. At least, she hoped it was.
She caught Courtney's eyes and saw the youngster put a finger to her lips and a hand behind her ear. Listen to Lem, her body language said. The youngster slipped away, tugged her grandmother's hand and said something Renee couldn't hear. Amy touched Jack and the three turned and engaged the reporters in a conversation.
That was it! Dear Courtney was distracting the media. It worked, too. A moment later the small crowd had shifted their attention to the others and Lem was alone with his wife.
Renee glanced at the men holding her stretcher. "Thank you. Can you leave us for a moment, please?"
"Sure, Ma'am," one replied. "The helicopter will be here in a few moments and we'll fly you out." He folded down a set of wheels under the stretcher so Renee remained at waist height and moved away. She could hear everything Lem said to his wife.
His first words were controlled and neutral. "Okay, what do you want Nikki?"
"I've come to see my husband rescued after being entombed beneath the earth."
"Come off it, Nikki. Keep the crap for the cameras."
"Okay," the woman replied and swished her hair back. "It's about my shares in Epsilon Products. I want to invoke the buy back clause."
"For how many?"
"The full five hundred thousand, Lem," Nikki retorted. "I need the money and want to get out of your depressing little business."
"You know I haven't the finances to buy you out."
Nikki shrugged and took a document from the purse she carried. "It was made up yesterday," she said and handed the paper to Lem. "In the terms our original agreement you have the sole right to purchase my shares. Yesterday they were worth a dollar and twenty-seven cents per share. You're doing well, Lem. They were below a dollar nine months back." She smiled coldly. "If, after thirty days, you don't wish to purchase them, I have the right to find another buyer." Her smile turned to a smirk. "I have an offer."
"From whom?"
"Allied Pacific Manufacturing."
"You wouldn't." Lem's cold expression darkened into fury. "After all these years."
"Why not?" Nikki whispered. "That's it. Buy me out or I sell to Allied Pacific. It's as simple as that. Thirty days, Lem. You know who my attorney is." She hitched on another artificial smile and disappeared through the throng of spectators.
Lem turned to embrace Renee. Not caring that the ominous eye of a television camera was in the vicinity, he kissed her passionately and held her in his arms. "There's something I never had the nerve to say down there."
"And that is?"
"I love you, Renee. I realize that more than ever. It wasn't just taking advantage of the situation because we happened to be stranded there."
"I know." She smiled and kissed him back.
*
The afternoon shadows were long when Jack, with Amy beside him, drove the Chevy Blazer into the small city of Casper, a hundred and sixty miles south of Misty Depths Catacombs. They turned off I-25 and found East 2nd Street where the Wyoming Medical Center, the city's major hospital, was situated.
The pair was barely in the main door when Courtney rushed up. "Grandma and Jack," she called. "We've been waiting for hours. What kept you?"
"It's okay for you," Jack muttered. "You three get whipped down here in a helicopter but your Grandma and me had to pack up and drive here." He glanced at the teenager's excited face and broke into a grin. "But how is everyone?"
"Lem and I were declared fit and discharged. Renee has been in the operating room getting her leg fixed. She's just come around and Lem is with her. Come on, follow me."
Ignoring the stare of a brisk looking woman behind the reception desk, Courtney bounded up the corridor, stopped, realized she was going too fast for Jack and waited.
"I'm right behind you," the elderly man said. "Keep going, young lady." He turned to Amy when Courtney again surged ahead. "Inherited her grandmother's enthusiasm for life, didn't she?"
" Could be," Amy replied with a smile. "I've never seen her so bouncy. She's grown up and is not the high school kid I remembered, Jack."
"Come on," the subject of their conversation called back from a junction in the corridor. "Turn left here."
In a small side room, Renee was lying on a bed with her plastered leg held aloft by a sling and counterweight joined by ropes slung over a metal frame above the bed. When the three arrived she was in deep conversation with Lem and never noticed her new visitors until Jack gave a polite cough.
"Daddy," she called and broke into a broad grin. "How did you get here so quickly? Did you fly down?"
"Nope. Brought the Chevy," Jack replied. He bent over and kissed his daughter. "So how's the leg?"
Renee screwed up her nose. "They had to break the bone and reset it. I'll be in plaster for six weeks but the doctor said I'll be discharged in a couple days."
"Luckily, the bone was not a complete fracture but much of Renee's lower leg was squashed and bruised," Lem added. "They said the mobile clamps we used were successful in preventing more serious injuries."
"And the expert way it was applied," Renee added. "The doctor made a special mention of that, didn't he Lem?"
"I guess."
An hour slipped by with everyone chatting and catching up with news. The helicopter flight, automobile journey and even the weather were mentioned but nothing about the future was discussed. It was as if nobody wanted to disclose innermost thoughts.
Renee was curious about Amy but assumed she was there to be with her granddaughter. Since their rescue she hadn't talked to Courtney, so did not know whether the youngster still wanted to return home with them. Also playing on her mind was the confrontation between Lem and his wife. She gazed at him before drowsiness overcame her and she dropped off into a dreamless sleep.
*
Breakfast was in progress the next morning when Lem appeared in Renee's room with a massive armful of flowers. "Flowers for a beautiful lady." 
"Oh, Lem, they're lovely. I'll get a nurse to bring a vase in." She took a sip of coffee before glancing up with a smile. "How did you get in so early? "
"Easy," he said. "As long as you look as if you know what you're doing, nobody intercepts you. I just nodded at the security guard at the front door and kept walking." He produced a tiny parcel from his pocket, adding in a solemn voice as he handed it to her, "Happy Birthday."
"Birthday!" she exclaimed. "It's not my birthday."
Lem shrugged. "What's a few months between friends? Call it a peace offering, if you like."
"What for?"
"My wife turning up." Lem turned serious. "You must have been so embarrassed."
Renee frowned, then remembered the present and undid the pink paper to reveal an exquisite gold chain bracelet. She lifted the bracelet and slid it over her wrist. "You didn't have to do this." She reached up and kissed him. "You aren't responsible for your wife's behaviour."
"No but I want to explain," he replied. "That's why I slipped away from the others and came here early."
"But this bracelet? Where did you get it?"
Lem flushed. "Courtney told me if I didn't damn make an effort and get something for you after the way Nikki behaved, you'd think I was just a lecherous old man who took advantage of you."
"That sounds like Courtney." Renee laughed. "But she was wrong, you know. I never thought that."
"Well, she practically dragged me downtown last night and this is the result." He smiled and reached for Renee's hand with the new bracelet on. "Mind you, I was thinking along the same lines myself. She gave me a bit of a shove."
"And I love it." Her eyes met Lem's. "I am curious about those shares Nikki spoke of and why you were so annoyed."
Lem sighed and sat on the bed. "Allied Pacific Manufacturing is one of those multinational companies and one of our main competitors. When we beat them in this latest contract, they filed a lawsuit against us on pretence that we knew what their tender was and undercut them. We found later it is just a ploy to persuade our minority shareholders to sell to them in a hostile takeover bid."
"And they need Nikki's shares, as well?"
"Yes. I rang my accountant last night and he said that if APM. can get Nikki's shares they will have enough to take control. The silly thing is, our company is a drop in the ocean for them."
"So what would they do if they did take you over?"
"Close us down. They need our contracts but aren't interested in continuing the factory as a going concern."
"I see," Renee replied in a lawyer's tone. "It is lucky you have that buy back clause so Nikki can't just sell the shares to this other firm."
"Yes." 
"But why is your wife so vindictive?"
"I would say she's just bitter but my accountant, Ashley, has a different slant. Apparently, Nikki needs money urgently. He heard she has massive debts to pay off. I have no idea what they are, over extension on the share market, gambling or some shady deal, I guess. She is quite capable of anything. My wife is a selfish greedy woman, I'm afraid."
"So you'll have to buy her out."
"That's the trouble," Lem confessed. "It's necessary to fly back to Seattle today to arrange the finances." He grimaced. "I'm taking a flight out at nine."
Renee looked disappointed for a moment but changed her expression to a smile when she noticed Lem appeared downcast. "You go and sort it out," she said and reached for his hand. "I'll be fine. With Dad and Courtney here I'm thoroughly spoiled. I'll call as soon as we arrive home. At least you're in the same state. Now if you lived in Miami…"
"That's a point." His frown turned to a smile.
After he left, Renee felt deflated. Deep in thought, she ran a hand over her new bracelet and failed to notice her second visitor walk in the room.
"I thought I'd be first but saw Lem on his way out," Courtney said and handed Renee a small box of chocolates. "Not as flash as the flowers and your bracelet but I wanted to thank you as well."
"I love chocolates but it wasn't necessary," Renee replied. "You did as much for me as vice versa."
"No, I didn't." Courtney grabbed a piece of toast Renee hadn't eaten and bit into it. "You both helped in all sorts of ways." She frowned. "There's something strange going on, though."
"You mean something else?"
"Yes. Grandma has got the hots for Jack."
"Oh, don't be silly," Renee responded.
"Yeah, well you tell me why she's coming out to Seattle and all they could do last night is say stupid things at each other. I was so embarrassed I couldn't look anyone in the face. Didn't Lem tell you?"
"No."
"My God. Is the man dumb or something?" The teenager rolled her eyes. "All this hot news and he never says a word."
"Oh, Courtney." Renee laughed. "We had other things to discuss. He has to go back to Seattle early."
"Yeah, I heard his wife is trying to bleed him dry."
"More or less." Renee brought her arm out from under the blanket. "He did say you helped him find my bracelet. Beautiful, isn't it?"
Courtney grabbed Renee's hand and fingered the bracelet. "I never picked that one."
"You didn't?"
"Hell, no." Courtney gasped. "This one cost over a grand. I had no idea he wanted to spend that much and made a sarcastic joke about buying half a dozen when the sales lady held it up. I thought he'd bought a cheaper one for about two hundred bucks. Even that amount seemed a lot."
"I had no idea it was that valuable."
"Believe me, girl, it is. Aren't we lucky that cave tunnel collapsed?"
Renee agreed. She wondered what other news would be forthcoming.
It came a few moments later when Jack walked in and after Courtney discreetly disappeared, muttered that Amy might be staying in Seattle for a while. "She wants to get to know Courtney," he said in a defensive voice.
"Daddy, I know. Courtney told me."
"About what?" Jack asked with a scowl.
"That you and Amy are good companions." She laughed. "Got the hots for each other were her words."
Jack flushed. "That young lady does use expressive terms." He hesitated. "Do you mind if she accompanies us back home?"
"Of course I don't. Why should I, Dad?"
"Well, with your mom gone only a little while…"
"That was years ago, Dad, not a few months."
"I suppose it was," Jack said with a twitch of sadness in his voice. "It doesn't seem that way." He broke into a smile. "Anyhow, Amy and I are just good friends."
"Sure, Dad." Renee grinned, flung her arms around his neck and kissed him.
*
Though dwarfed by aircraft factories within the vicinity, the Epsilon Products buildings were impressive in their own right. The modern glass mushroom shaped administration block sat in front of a rectangular structure as long as a football field and half as wide. Along its windowless walls were a series of massive roll down doors numbered alphabetically. Doors E and F were open with three vans cluttering the access lane in front.
Lem frowned. With the air-conditioned interior, the doors should be closed. He headed his pearl white Cadillac Deville, one of the last things he purchased with Nikki's approval, between well-kept lawns and gardens to Door E.
"What's wrong, Mike?" he asked when his foreman appeared, looking more serious than his usual.
"More problems with the new assembly unit, Lem," Mike grunted. "Come in and I'll show you."
"This is all I need."
"It's not the machine itself but the roller diversion that bypasses the tester when it's overloaded," Mike confessed, "
Lem nodded, slung a hard hat on his head and walked to where several engineers stood around various pieces of disassembled machinery.
Mike introduced Lem to Frank Fromont, the engineer in charge, who began his explanation of the problem. "As you know, Mr. Erksberg, the output of the new production unit is too fast for the tester."
"Sure," Lem replied. "I thought we had solved that by decreasing the production run and allowing the tester to catch up." He stared at the pieces lying around in a haphazard manner. "What went wrong?"
"A switching mechanism seized when a unit jammed it. There was a pile up back to the assembly unit but it failed to switch down. More units jammed and by the time the assembler was shut down, a dozen or more assembled units were wedged in and caused a short circuit." Frank nodded to the buckled pieces of steel on the floor. "We had to bring in a new component to replace the damaged section."
"This is under the manufacturer's guarantee, I hope," Lem replied in a quiet but serious voice.
"It is."
Lem turned to his foreman. "How does this affect production?"
"If we can be back on line today we should meet our quota. Luckily, we were well ahead of our estimated run rate."
"And when will it be on line?" Lem turned back to the engineer.
"It's almost ready," Frank answered. "After testing and dummy runs you should be back in production by five."
"I've brought the morning crew to start a midnight shift," Mike added. "And the afternoon shift will switch to morning. By tomorrow afternoon we should have caught up."
"Thanks." Lem smiled for the first time. "I'll leave it to you then. Have you noticed if Ashley's arrived?"
"Yes, your accountant is waiting in your office."
*
Ashley Armstrong, a tall bespectacled man of similar age to Lem, glanced up as he walked in. They were friends and over the last few months the accountant had been very supportive. He smiled faintly as Lem sat down and yawned.
"I heard all about your sojourn down in the cave," he said. "I knew you wanted to have a break but that was ridiculous."
"Yes." Lem couldn't help grinning.
"And who was that young redhead they showed you cuddling up to outside the cave mouth?"
"Renee Bonnett is a local lawyer." Lem frowned again. "But how did you know about her?"
"It was on KIRO local news, close-up shot, too. She's a real honey."
"More ammunition for Nikki."
"Yeah, it's an evil wind and all that stuff."
"What do you mean?"
"If you weren't stuck down that hole in the ground and I didn't know you better, I would have believed you orchestrated this whole factory breakdown."
"Why would I do that?"
"Well," Ashley said. "The manufacturing machinery was defective but the rumour went around that the units you were making were the problem."
Lem swore again. "More problems. You know how particular the Boeing Company is?"
"It's not them. They were given all the information and realize your units weren't deficient. It's the minor shareholders who panicked over the last three days."
"So?" Lem scowled at his friend.
"As of an hour ago, Epsilon Products shares dropped twenty cents, which means, My Dear Friend, that the buy back from your wife will be a hundred thousand less than yesterday."
"But is it legal?"
"It is. Your wife's lawyer stipulated the price had to be this afternoon's. The shares have been riding so high, I think he suspected a fall but they played their cards too close this time."
"She won't like it."
"So what? If they'd suddenly gone up by ten cents, do you think she would have offered you a refund? My advice is to buy her out and spend another hundred grand on other shares. That'll give you a clear majority in the company."
"But the money?"
"Oh, the bank has approved a loan. It's ready for your signature."
"Who started the rumour it was our product that was inferior?"
"No idea," Ashley replied. He brought a web site up on the firm's computer. Moments later the screen displayed Epsilon Products shares at a dollar and six cents. "They've dropped another cent. Want to buy now or wait an hour or so?"
"Now."
"Those extras, too?"
"Why not?"
Ashley's fingers tapped out a purchase order, codes were entered and all of Nikki's, plus the extra hundred thousand shares were transferred into Lem's name and the purchase price transferred out from the bank loan.
"I hope you're right," Lem muttered after Ashley completed the entry. "If they keep dropping, I'll be bankrupt."
"Want to bet they'll be up by the time you've finished your afternoon coffee break?"
"I know you never bet unless something is a certainty."
*
Ashley was right. After dipping another cent, by mid-afternoon Epsilon stocks were trading at a dollar and ten cents and by the close of day were up to a dollar and twelve. Indications were they'd soon be back to their record high before the plant mishap. Lem had made thirty-six thousand dollars in a few hours.
"Just about pay the interest to my bank," he retorted when Ashley rung his apartment that evening with the news.
Lem hung up and glanced around the empty kitchen. He was about to go down to a local restaurant for supper when his phone rang again. Perhaps it was Renee phoning.
"Hello. Lem speaking."
"You contemptible bastard," a woman screamed. "If you think you can get away with this double cross, you had better think again. Trading with insider information is illegal in this state, you know. Also, that pathetic performance on the local news with that redhead. My God, Lem, you've got a lot to answer for."
"Oh hello, Nikki." Lem's calm voice hid his true feelings. "I thought you might call.'
*

CHAPTER 11
As the Chevy Blazer approached the small city of Missoula, halfway back to Seattle, Renee gazed wearily at the interstate stretching into distance and regarded the foggy mountain peaks. It was beautiful country but travelling all day had worn her out. Her ankle itched inside a cast that had been placed on it when it was found that it was broken. She glanced at Courtney, who had relieved Jack and taken over driving two hours earlier and back at her father and Amy. The older passengers were asleep in the back seat.
"This is a good spot to spend the night," she said as she studied the map on her knee. "Take the first exit left onto East Broadway. There's a swag of motels to choose from."
"Right," Courtney replied.
Twenty minutes later, everyone was relaxing in a pleasant motel called Pine Tree Inn. A small swimming pool was available on the motel grounds and within moments Courtney plunged into the refreshing water, while an envious Renee looked on.
Two youths homed in on the teenager but their inevitable display of physical prowess by hooting and splashing around the pool only received a curt response. 
"Stupid nerds," Courtney growled as she slipped out of the water and wrapped a towel around herself.
Renee was about to make a light comment but saw her friend looked annoyed rather than flattered by the attention. "Don't worry about them. I'm sure they're harmless enough." 
The teenager rubbed her wet hair and glanced at Renee. "I guess," she said in a solemn voice. "I've had my swim, so let's go back to our unit. I'm sure Grandma and Jack will want a hand to unload all the junk from the wagon."
Courtney helped Renee from the lawn, handed her the crutches and headed back. One youth attracted her attention again but she flashed him a dark look and turned her back on him. 
Renee swung her crutches out and caught up to the girl who had reached the corner of the motel building. "Are you okay?" 
Courtney stopped and turned a pale face at her companion. "When those boys were goggling at me, I felt scared, Renee. It's stupid, I know. It's a beautiful evening, people are all over the place, you were there but I was gripped by a sudden fear that they'd grab me or something." Her chin quivered as she continued. "It sounds ridiculous but I wish we were back in the cave, just you, Lem and me. Nobody could reach us there and I felt secure. Tell me I'm neurotic but I can't help how I feel."
"You aren't," Renee replied. "It's a natural reaction and nothing to be ashamed of."
Courtney caught her eyes and smiled. "Thanks. Will you promise me something?"
"Probably. What is it?"
"Don't tell Grandma anything about what happened to me. She's a dear and I love her but...well, you know."
"I know. As far as I'm concerned, everything is confidential and I'll tell nobody, unless you wish."
"Thanks, Renee. You're a real pal." Courtney took one of Renee's crutches and placed an arm around her back. "I reckon I'm going to like it out west," she added with a whimsical gaze in her eyes.
*
The arrangements for the evening produced a new surprise. Their motel unit had two single beds in the lounge and a double bed and single bed in a separate bedroom. She assumed she'd be sharing one of these spaces with her father but was taken back when Jack and Amy moved their bags into the bedroom.
Jack noticed his daughter's astonished look and followed her outside when she went to get something from the Blazer. "Renee, you said you didn't mind if Amy and I were friends," he said in a hushed tone.
"I know, Dad," Renee replied, "but I thought it was just that, not sharing a bedroom."
"So nothing happened between you and Lem in the cave?" Jack added with his eyes firmly fixed on his daughter. 
She flushed a bright red and bit her lip. "What has that got to do with this situation?" 
"If it can happen to you, Sweetheart, why can't the same happen to me?" Jack continued. "I may be a cripple but I'm not about to lay down and die."
"Oh, Daddy." Renee gulped. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it like that. It's just that..."
"I've never shown an interest in women since your mother died. That's true, Renee. I was afraid my disability would turn any woman away. It's been lonely at times and without you I don't know how I would have coped. But, like your meeting Lem, I found my life has changed. Perhaps the Good Lord planned it for us this way."
Renee stood back deep in thought. Her father had never been religious; in fact since her mother's death he had never mentioned the topic.
"Perhaps, Dad," she replied cautiously.
Jack coughed in embarrassment. "If you feel awkward, Courtney can share with her Grandma and I'll bunk down in the lounge with you."
Renee hesitated again and tried to come to terms with her emotions. Somehow the idea that her father might be sexually attracted to someone seemed wrong. But this was childish. Why shouldn't her father have a normal relationship? 
"I'm not a monk, Sweetheart," Jack continued. "Any more than you are a nun. I have no objections about your involvement with Lem. In fact, I've always felt guilty about you staying home and caring for me instead of having a normal social life."
"I didn't mind, Dad."
"Of course you didn't. And I love you because of this but think ahead to next year, the year after, five years down the track. You have your whole life ahead, Sweetheart and if you can share it with a young man like Lem, I don't want to be in your way." He reached out and tucked an arm around Renee's shoulders. "But neither do I want to spend my time by myself. Humans aren't meant to be alone."
Renee nodded. Her father had never talked this way before. 
"Shall I place Courtney's backpack in the bedroom?" Jack asked.
"No, Daddy," Renee forced a smile. "Of course not. Courtney's great company at night, anyway."
She turned, found tears in her eyes and a strange emptiness churning inside. Jack noticed and limped the few paces across the sidewalk that separated them. "Go and call Lem, Sweetheart," he suggested. "I'm sure he'll love to hear your voice."
"You were always like this Dad," Renee responded. She took a handkerchief out, blew her nose and wiped the rogue tears from her eyes.
"Like what, Sweetheart?"
"Just so understanding. You can read me like a book and I'm so selfish in return."
"No," Jack interrupted. "You're never selfish. Not ever." He kissed her cheek and squeezed her shoulders again. "Now go and phone Lem, right now."
"I will, Dad." 
She kissed her father and reached for her cellphone. She took Lem's business card from the pack wrapped around her waist, found his home number and punched it in.
It was answered on the fifth ring.
"What do you want, now?" Lem's curt voice came over the line.
Renee's heart lurched and she almost hung up without talking. "Lem," she spluttered. "It's Renee. Have I rung at an inconvenient time?"
The change in Lem's voice was immediate with anger replaced by relief. "Renee. Oh God, am I glad to hear from you. Where are you?"
Renee gave Lem a brief summary of her day.
"Oh Renee," Lem responded. "I've been thinking about you all day and hoped you'd call."
"So why the snarl at the beginning?"
"Nikki," Lem replied. "The hysterical woman has rung me three times and I'd just hung up on her five minutes ago. I thought it was her again."
"Why? Couldn't you raise the money to buy her out?"
"Oh yes, that went through okay." Lem laughed. "She didn't like what she received. Reckoned I was swindling her. She's going to serve a warrant out against me, take me to the Supreme Court, petition the Governor and God knows what else."
"But why?" 
Lem repeated his news, while Renee listened intently.
"And did your accountant know this would happen?" she asked.
"After the breakdown and rumours went around, he guessed our shares would fall before rising but there was no way that he could predict we'd have an equipment failure."
"And he never started the rumour?"
"No, My Dear Attorney."
Renee had to smile. "Okay, I know I slipped my business cap on. It's just that if your wife could prove he manipulated the situation to force the shares down, she may have a case."
"I know." Lem's voice turned serious. "That's what she swears she's going to do. If I don't give her another thirty thousand, she's going to file a criminal charge against Ashley and me. I told her to go ahead and hung up on her. That was two calls back. She rang again, screamed abuse, so I hung up again."
"I see," Renee replied. "I'll forgive you for being abrupt, then." She relaxed and switched the conversation back to her father and herself with Lem providing the supporting ear. 
They spoke for such a long time that the cellphone beeped to indicate her card would soon expire. "I must go." Renee said a quick goodbye and was about to click off when she heard Lem talking.
"Can I take you out for supper on Thursday evening? I hear there are good restaurants near your place."
"But we're sixty miles from Seattle."
"That's no problem," Lem replied with a chuckle. "I'll find you. I'll be there at six. Okay?"
"It's a date," Renee said and tried to conceal a tingling feeling inside.
"And Renee. Thank you for calling. It's the most welcomed call I've had all day. Remember, I love you."
"I love you, too, Lem." Renee responded as the line went dead. She turned to where Courtney had jammed herself beside her and listened to her last comments. "Don't say a word, Courtney. Not one word."
"I only..."
"Not one."
Courtney grinned, gave a shrug and shouted in exasperation. "I just wanted to say, Grandma is taking us out for supper but if you aren't interested…"
"I am." Renee laughed as she swung out with her crutches. "I'd forgotten how hungry I am."
*
It still wasn't noon when the Blazer turned from I-90 into Spokane after a journey of just under four hours. However, instead of stopping there as they had originally intended, the four travellers continued. They headed onto Highway 2 that took a more northerly course across Washington. It was a long but beautiful journey with Courtney and her grandmother enraptured by the scenery of high peaks and fir forests as the scenic highway wound through the Cascade Mountain Range for over a hundred miles. By evening they had reached the west coast and Jack took over the driving. Fifty minutes later they turned inland, travelled the last few miles along a valley and turned down a long drive between fields of potatoes. At the end, surrounded by trees and a wide expansive lawn, was a two story wooden farmhouse. The drive circled around to the back where a traditional barn filled the backyard.
"It's lovely," Courtney whispered.
Renee, though, had her eyes on a brand new, pearl white Cadillac parked in front of the barn. She frowned. "More estate agents." she muttered as they pulled in behind the other automobile.
"I don't think so," Courtney replied. "I can see someone you can't."
Renee swung around, stared across her friend's shoulder and broke into a smile. "It's Lem."
Renee was out of the Blazer and hobbling forward without remembering to grab her crutches. Lem met her halfway between the two vehicles and grabbed her in his arms.
"So this is the right place?" he said.
"Yes," Renee replied. She reached up and kissed him on the cheek. "But how come you're here?" 
"Well, I happened to be in the neighbourhood and thought I'd drop in."
"Sixty miles up the interstate." She gazed at the Cadillac. "You didn't have to hire this flashy auto, though."
"It's not hired."
Renee was surprised. "It's yours?"
Lem nodded and flushed. 
"Look," Courtney screamed from the Cadillac's door. "It's all leather inside. Can I sit in it, Lem?"
"Sure. Take it for a drive, if you like."
"You mean it?"
"The key's inside."
Mere seconds later the Cadillac reversed and headed down the drive, while Renee, with Lem's hand firmly in her own, headed for the house. When they reached the back veranda, the family dog came bounding up the drive with its tail thumping.
"Zona." Renee laughed and rubbed the dog's ears. "How are you, boy?" She glanced at Lem, who stood near with a slight smile. "This is Arizona but he's usually called Zona."
"Hi, Zona," Lem said and rubbed the dog's back.
Large brown eyes inspected him, looked across at Renee and back. The tail that had stopped wagging began again when it was obvious she approved of this stranger.
"Welcome home. Zona and I came over to feed the cat but didn't expect you until tomorrow." A different voice interrupted them.
Renee looked up to where a woman in her mid-forties appeared. "Oh, hi Diane," she said and turned to Lem. "This is Diane Ellis, our neighbour from across the road. Diane has been looking after Zona and keeping an eye on the place."
"I recognize you from the TV news, Lem" Diane said. "I saw your car here and came to check but a young girl drove it out." 
"I see you're a good neighbour," Lem replied and shook the woman's hand. "I should have realized nothing can escape you country folk."
"And Courtney just had to take the flashy auto for a drive," Renee said.
The trio headed indoors where Diane was introduced to Amy and invited to stay for coffee. Courtney arrived with a look of achievement, tossed the car keys at Lem, said a quick hi to Diane and rubbed Zona down. Again, the dog looked at his mistress with intelligent eyes before accepting the newcomer.
Renee smiled at the familiar kitchen. It was good to be home and to have Lem with her was a special bonus. However, she noticed that when Zona glanced at Amy, his eyes turned from excitement to apprehension and for a moment his tail stopped wagging.
*

 CHAPTER 12
The November day was cold, wet and depressing. Renee pulled the cape over her damp hair, zipped her jacket and raced from her Cavalier Sport Coupe through the puddles to the mall. It was good to get away from the restraints of a plastered ankle and to drive and do other normal things in life. 
She reached the mall and brushed back her cape. Courtney was to be here but was nowhere in sight. Oh well, Plan B. Whenever they missed each other the agreement was to meet in a nearby food court. She walked there with a slight limp, a legacy from her accident, bought a coffee and small slice of pie and found a vacant table.
As she sat gazing at the crowded tables, her mind switched reviewed the last few months. Having Amy around was good for her father but it did have its downside. Oh, she was genuine enough.
She sighed, ripped open a packet of sugar and stirred it in her coffee. Perhaps she should try harder. After all, it was only little issues that were difficult, being tidy for example. She'd always been one to relax at home and spread things around. Since her dad's stroke the top floor had become her own. She used one bedroom like an office and spread documents and papers everywhere.
She grinned at the exasperation she had felt when she arrived home one evening to find a new desk shifted in and the place immaculate. Even potted plants and new curtains were placed in the sunny bay window. It was lovely but she felt her privacy had been violated and though she attempted to hide her disapproval, her father knew how she felt. However, instead of backing her as he usually did, he remained silent. By default, this gave Amy the go ahead to make other changes. The place wasn't home any longer.
Renee sighed and sipped her coffee.
"Okay, what is it that keeps you oblivious to everything around, Grandma, work, or your last romp with Lem?"
Renee jumped in fright. "Courtney. I wish you'd stop that terrible habit of sneaking up."
"Sneaking. I've been standing here patiently for five minutes. You were in a trance. If I didn't know better I'd swear you were on the downside of an Ecstasy pill."
"Thanks."
"Well?" Courtney repeated. She placed a tray of food on the table and pulled out a chair. "Is it me?"
"Of course not. Remember when you said you wished we were still down in the cave in our own little world, just us and nobody else."
Courtney nodded.
"I feel a little like that now."
"Just you and Lem?"
"You, too. It wouldn't be the same if you weren't there."
"But no Grandma or those pains at work."
"Exactly." Renee flushed and regretted her honesty. "I'm sorry. Amy is a great person and I think Daddy loves her."
"I know." Courtney sighed. "I've noticed the tension and I guess I don't help. It's happened before, you know."
"What?" 
"Grandma. She starts off being loving and oh so kind." Courtney rolled her eyes. "Then she takes over. There was another old guy back in Michigan she moved in with. It lasted almost a year before his family intervened. They accused her of being after his money and…" She shrugged. "Anyhow, Maurice, that was the guy's name, followed his family's advice and booted her out." 
"You do explain things beautifully, Courtney," Renee replied with a chuckle.
"Well, he did," the girl growled. "Mind you, Grandma was better off without him. I was trying to show she's no angel, that's all."
"I think Dad and her get on okay," Renee added. "It's my relationship with her. I don't want to hurt him."
"You haven't. That, I'm sure."
Renee stared earnestly at her companion. Their bond filled a vacuum from her earlier life. They were real friends, something she hadn't experienced since high school days.
"Oh, hell." Courtney interrupted her thoughts. "Here you go again."
*
On Friday the office problems were put in perspective. Even Annette Usborne's constant complaints could be tolerated. The elder William was still in charge and it was only his friendship and support that kept Renee at Usborne, Usborne and Westendarp and of course, the more interesting workload. She spent much of her time on civil cases with her success rate in court noted by the increase in approaches to the firm for representation.
"So you'll be in court on Tuesday?" Annette asked as the women filed the last documents.
"Yes," Renee replied. "The Escantia case. Rosa Escantia just snapped after years of abuse." She shrugged. "A manslaughter charge is totally unfair, let alone second degree murder."
This was Renee's first major criminal defence case. The firm had been appointed by the court to defend a Hispanic migrant worker accused of killing her husband. There was no doubt she had stabbed the man but when Renee sifted through the evidence and with some difficulty obtained the woman's confidence, a violent history of wife abuse was uncovered.
"And you have nothing to pull out of the hat?"
"Not really. We will stress the abuse she suffered for a decade and why she reacted after her husband thrashed her because his supper was cold. Unfortunately, she is still in a highly emotional state. If the DA gets her rattled I'm afraid her chances of an acquittal are slim."
"And you've briefed her on this?"
Renee bristled. "I have. She realizes the importance to remain calm."
"Okay." Annette smiled for first time. "I know you're doing everything possible to help the poor woman. Thank you."
Renee glanced up but the compliment seemed genuine. "Thanks Annette," she said. "It is difficult to stay detached in this case but that is the only way we can help Rosa."
"See you on Monday, then?"
"Sure. 'Bye."
She gathered up her inevitable briefcase and took the elevator to the basement car lot. Thoughts of another weekend with Lem made the downpour outside almost seem exciting.
*
The storm buffeted the Cavalier as soon as she turned onto the street. The traffic was heavy, driving at a snail's pace and motorists had headlights on. Renee pressed the radio button to an easy listening station and grinned. It was always classical music that played at home now.
She swore when a light turned yellow, braked and squinted though the swishing windshield wipers. Someone waved from the curb, a figure cut in front of oncoming traffic and flung the passenger door open.
"Just about missed you." Courtney panted. She slung a backpack in the back and jumped in.
"I wasn't going home."
"Good. Seattle it is," Courtney replied and switched the radio to a rock station.
"I'm staying with Lem," Renee protested. "Anyhow, you can't just take off to Seattle. I'll drop you at the bus depot."
"You take off every weekend and leave me to deal with Grandma," Courtney argued. 
"But you work on Saturday."
"I swapped my shift and will do next Wednesday instead." 
The turnoff to the interstate appeared but Renee pulled to the curb. She turned to face her friend. "I'll take you home," she said in a determined voice. "You can't just come to Seattle."
Courtney stared back. "Look, I won't get in the way. I can be discreet." She produced a sodden pamphlet from her raincoat pocket. "I'm doing what you suggested anyway."
Renee had to smile. "Okay, what is it?"
"That community college in Seattle. If I enrol now, I can complete the year and receive my high school graduation diploma. I explained I missed out only on the last month and got the info from my old school." 
"That's grand but why this sudden decision?"
"The college telephoned me and said there was a vacancy but I have to confirm my application and bring my references and resume to an interview. I knew you were going there, so here I am."
Renee stared at the swirling wipers but made no attempt to move the car forward. "Does Amy know about this?"
"Grandma? No. Why?"
"Well, don't you think you should tell her? How do you think she'll feel when you don't arrive home tonight?"
"I thought she annoyed you."
"Me, yes but this is about you. She cares for you, Courtney. Look, I want you to call and tell her everything you told me. If you don't, I'm driving this car straight home."
Courtney glowered, shrugged and took a cellphone from her pocket. She punched in a number and waited. "Grandma," she said a moment later. "Courtney here…."
She repeated her news and listened for a long time. Her expression told Renee nothing but the conversation appeared to switch to the cost of the community college. "I can get a student loan, Grandma…. Yes... Of course… Why? You will?" Courtney's voice became excited as she listened again. "Thanks, Grandma but you don't need to, you know. Yes, Renee said it was fine to stay with her. See yah Monday."
She clicked off and brushed a strand of wet blonde hair from her eyes. "You're always right, aren't you?"
"Why? What happened?"
"Grandma was delighted and said she would pay the full cost of college fees. Reckoned it was far cheaper than two terms at Miss Shelton's, anyway. So Seattle, here we come."
"But what about a change of clothes?"
"All here." Courtney nodded at her bag in the back seat.
"So it wasn't a sudden decision, was it?"
The teenager reddened. "Well, sort of. They phoned me yesterday but I thought if I told..."
Renee shook her head. "Oh Courtney, you are the limit but for God's sake, switch the radio to my station."
"Sure, Renee." The girl grinned impishly. "A classical station, wasn't it?"
*
Lem drove his Cadillac into the parking spot next to the Cavalier, gathered a bunch of flowers from the seat and headed for the elevator.
"Hi, Lem," said a youth, one of the building's assistant janitors. "Who's the bunch of flowers for, Renee or the other gorgeous creatures attracted to your apartment?"
"What others, Chris?" Lem replied. He was used to the cheeky comments.
"That slick honey blonde who came with Renee and a sophisticated brunette all dolled up looking for you an hour back. I must admit she looked as sour as hell. She waited awhile then left."
Lem frowned but realized who the two women were. He expected Courtney but wondered why Nikki had called. Oh well, no doubt she would return. He glanced at his flowers, smiled, placed them in the car and walked out of the basement into the street. Five minutes later he returned from a small flower shop a block away with a second identical bunch. Armed with both, he headed to his apartment.
Except for a light reflecting from the kitchen, the interior was in darkness. Lem pulled his shoes off and sneaked up the tiny entrance lobby and peeked in the kitchen door. Renee and Courtney were deep in conversation with their backs to him. He tiptoed forward and with a bunch of flowers in each hand cuddled the pair.
"Flowers for two beautiful ladies," he whispered, squeezed them close and waited for a reaction.
He got one but it was unexpected. Renee ducked to the right, while Courtney swung around, placed her arms around his neck, cuddled up provocatively and plastered a sloppy kiss on his lips.
Poor Lem blushed and glanced desperately at Renee for assistance.
"Well, play with fire." Renee laughed.
"That was to thank you." Courtney kissed him again on the cheek and let him go.
"What for?"
"I know it was you who got me into Northside Community College," Courtney responded. "I found a copy of the letter they wrote to you."
"And flowers for us both, you old romantic," Renee added. She took the bunches and kissed Lem's still flushed face.
"You heard me come in?"
"Not really." Courtney laughed. "Chris rang over the intercom and told us you were on the way."
"There's no loyalty around this place."
"More like his excuse to talk to Courtney." Renee chuckled. "The poor boy had to glue his eyes back in place when we arrived."
This time it was Courtney who attempted to cover her flushed cheeks by glaring at Renee. "Rubbish," she growled. 
Lem grinned, felt at peace with the world and momentarily forgot about his wife's visit. He caught Renee's eyes and saw the love reflected there. My God, in her business suit she looked more beautiful than ever.
*

CHAPTER 13
Courtney was up and dressed by seven and though she'd be the last to admit it, felt nervous. Her interview at Northside Community College wasn't until ten that morning so there was plenty of time. The others were asleep, so she decided to watch the latest clips on MTV. Out of consideration, the tiny overhead television was turned down to a dull roar and the girl mimicked the gyrations of the singer when she heard the doorbell ring. She frowned, tiptoed out and peeped through the spy hole.
"Oh shit," she whispered. She recognized the woman. It was Nikki Erksberg.
Neither Lem nor Renee were up, so consoling herself that at least it wasn't a mugger, Courtney opened the door and peered through the gap allowed by the security chain.
"Good morning, Mrs. Erksberg," she said sweetly. "And how can I help you at this early hour?"
The woman outside stared and took a hesitant step back, before she wiped a hand over her lips and cast frosty eyes over Courtney. "You're the girl from the cave," she said in a controlled voice. "What are you doing here?"
"Not what you think."
Angry eyes linked before Nikki continued. "I need to see, Lem," she ordered and stepped towards the door.
However, the security chain was still attached and the youngster was not about to be intimidated by this overbearing woman. "I'll see if he's awake or wants to see you," she retorted and closed the door.
The master bedroom was dark and silent. Courtney waited, wondering whether to wake Lem up but decided against it. She glanced at a wall clock, waited a moment and went back to the door.
"He doesn't want to see you," she said through the gap in the door.
Nikki's response was unexpected. Instead of yelling as Courtney expected, the woman's face drained of colour and her chin shook. "Please," she said in a whisper. "I must speak with him. It's important." 
Courtney responded in a gentler tone. "You'd better come in," she said and unlatched the chain. 
"Thank you," Nikki replied softly.
At that moment, Lem walked into the living room. "It's okay, Courtney." He turned to his wife. "Have you been drinking again, Nikki?"
The woman shook her head but Courtney realized Lem's observation was correct. There was a distinct smell of stale gin in the air and she noticed that Nikki's voice was slightly slurred. The woman sat on the edge of the couch. Her eyes apprehensive, she stared at her husband's uncompromising face. "Your jacket, Lem. I must have it."
"What's important about my jacket?"
"You don't understand." Nikki said. "It's the only place it can be. Can you get your hiking jacket? You know, the one I bought you for your birthday."
Lem frowned. "Yes, I know the jacket you mentioned but I can't give it to you, I'm afraid."
"Why?" The frantic woman sobbed.
"It's lost," Lem replied. "I was wearing it in the cave. It's probably buried under tons of rock."
Nikki stared at Lem. "It can't be anywhere else," she whimpered. "I searched everywhere. It was a terrible night, I remember and I grabbed your jacket. I must have put it in one of those pockets."
Lem raised his eyebrows at Courtney. "What are you talking about, Nikki?" he asked in a more compassionate voice.
"Something of mine I put there," Nikki cried. "That's all."
"I'll get some breakfast cooked," Courtney muttered and made a hasty departure.
"I think we need to take Nikki home. Can you get Renee for me, please?"
"You don't understand," Nikki replied.
Lem turned. "You need help, Nikki. I told you months ago. If you are not prepared to help yourself, there is little I can do."
A faint cough interrupted the trio and Courtney looked up see Renee standing in her dressing gown at the door.
"Hello, Nikki," Renee said softly.
"Oh, you're here," Nikki retorted. The tears were replaced by aggression as she swung back to Lem. "Forget about everything. I should have known better than to expect sympathy from you."
"We'll drive you home," Lem said in a resolute voice. "You're in no fit state to drive."
"I got here, so I can get home." 
Lem turned to Renee. "Can you come, please?" 
Courtney sized up the situation and noticed Renee nod as she replied. "Of course. Just give me a moment to get dressed."
Lem turned to Courtney. "Can you follow us in Renee's car? I really think it is better if Renee comes with me."
"Sure, Lem." 
*
The drive across Seattle was completed in almost complete silence. Nikki sat in the back and could have been asleep if it wasn't for the odd cynical remark she uttered whenever opportunity arose. Renee studied Lem's body language. He acted grim but she sensed sadness in his poise as if he'd been through it all before. Their gazes held and he smiled slightly.
"It's not too far now," he said.
They were in a suburb Renee didn't know. Large modern houses were everywhere. After another five minutes Lem turned into a large home set behind a row of mature trees. A brown tiled roof with attic windows curved in three levels above a cedar wood exterior, long veranda and bay windows. The yard sloped downhill with a view of Puget Sound and the mountains of Olympic National Park on the distant horizon.
"Lem," Renee whispered. "What a wonderful view. Is this your place?"
"Mine, Dearie," Nikki growled. "Don't think you can get your greedy little hands on it."
Lem ignored the oaths from the back seat, turned to Renee and nodded. "Yes. When we came here the whole area was raw hillside. Our house was one of the first. That's how we got the trees. I had a choice of lots and picked one with them."
"They're beautiful," Renee said. "The whole place is somehow just you, Lem."
"Yes. It was my hobby home, I guess…gave me something to think about."
His eyes met Renee's and again he appeared sad, almost haunted. She smiled and squeezed his leg.
"Come on, Nikki," Lem said like a schoolmaster with a naughty child. "We'll get you inside. Have you any food in the house?"
"Of course," Nikki retorted but hesitated. "Not a lot. I always eat out now, anyway."
They were interrupted when Courtney roared in, leaped out of the Cavalier and rushed across the drive. "Holy shit," she exclaimed as she took in the view with a swing of her blonde hair. "Is this your place, Lem?"
"Was," he said philosophically. "Let's get Nikki inside and I'll slip down to the market for some food." He turned to Nikki. "You don't mind if we have breakfast here, do you?"
"Why not?" Nikki responded and turned to Renee. "Want to have a look around?" She smiled.
The woman's sudden mood changes unnerved Renee. She glanced at Lem who grimaced but gave a discreet nod. "We'd love to see your gorgeous garden and home." She tugged her friend's wrist. "Won't we Courtney?"
Courtney caught her gaze. "Sure, I'd love to."
*
After a surprisingly pleasant breakfast, Nikki excused herself, left the kitchen and was found five minutes later, sound asleep in a small downstairs bedroom.
Lem sighed and walked outside. "Come on. Let's go home."
Renee objected. "Lem, you can't just leave her here. It's obvious something upset her and she's going to have a terrible hangover when she wakes up."
"I guess not." Lem relented. "It's just that…oh hell." He turned, walked back inside and sat at the kitchen table. 
"It's all happened before, hasn't it?" Renee said quietly.
Lem nodded. "Nikki has been an alcoholic for years. We thought we had it conquered and she was dry for two years. Those were the good years but it didn't last." He switched his attention to Courtney who was taking in every word and smiled. "We all have problems, don't we?"
"I guess," the girl replied, "but why was she like that?"
Lem shrugged. "Why is anyone the way they are? When we were first married, I thought she was happy. Sure, she drank a little at social events but nothing to excess. One day I came home from work to find her out cold on the floor. Apparently, she had been secretly drinking for months but hid it well."
"But why did she have a relapse after so long?" Renee asked.
"She had a miscarriage and took it hard. Her personality changed, she began seeing other men and…well, our marriage went downhill. The rest you know about."
"But we still just can't leave her," Renee argued.
"I agree," Courtney said. "She seemed really upset about something to do with your jacket. You were pretty cold. I've never seen you so mad."
"I was thinking of Renee."
"Me?" Renee gasped. "What have I got to do with it?"
"You are the best thing that has happened to me," Lem whispered in a serious voice. "I don't want Nikki to come between us. When I saw her in the room, I just wanted to get rid of her, that's all."
"But you offered to drive her here and asked us along. Why?" Courtney chipped in.
"I couldn't let her drive in her condition and thought if I was alone with her she might make advances." Lem coughed. "Even if I rejected them she could still say I'd come on to her." He gazed at Renee. "She is quite capable of spinning any sort of story."
"And you thought I'd believe her?"
"Not really," Lem replied and broke into a smile, "but I didn't want to risk it."
"Oh, Lem," Renee replied. She walked over, placed her arms around his neck and kissed him on the lips. "Thank you."
Lem kissed her back, grinned at Courtney and stood. "Look, I'll call Petra, that's her sister. How about that for a compromise?"
*
Petra Garity was an older rotund version of Nikki. She arrived half an hour later and greeted Renee and Courtney courteously but was, naturally enough, concerned about her sister. After seeing Nikki was asleep she returned to the kitchen and accepted an invitation to have coffee.
"Did you find the jacket for her, Lem?" she asked a few moments later as she stirred her half-filled mug for the third time.
"No but what is all the fuss about it, anyway?"
"I'm not sure," Petra replied. "All I know is that Nikki is in deep financial trouble. Do you know this Patrick McQuilkin?"
"Not personally."
"There's more to it than just an affair gone bad," Petra replied. "The man has some sort of hold over her and she's scared stiff. That's why she was so upset when she didn't receive as much as she thought in your settlement. She wasn't just vindictive towards you but needed the money."
"And she's drinking again," Lem said. "I guess it all goes together. As soon as any stress comes along, she turns to the bottle."
"But how will the jacket help?" Renee asked.
Petra looked up and shrugged. "As far as I can work out she put something valuable in the jacket pocket, or thinks she did. She's pretty confused, so chances are there's nothing there at all."
"What is it?" Courtney burst out.
"A necklace or bracelet Patrick McQuilkin gave her and now demands back."
"But if it was a gift it's her property," Renee replied.
"You tell her that," Petra responded. "I tried."
"I see," Lem replied. "If she won't tell you, Petra, she'll tell nobody. You've been her one stable influence over the years."
"You were too, you know," Petra said and switched her attention to Renee. "Lem couldn't have done more to try to save their marriage, you know. She's my sister but I was surprised he didn't walk out years ago. He's a good man."
"I know he is," Renee replied.
"Hi, cut out talking about me as if I'm not here," Lem protested and ruffled Renee's hair. He turned back to Petra. "Anyhow, thanks for coming over. We'll be off now. Courtney has an interview at ten."
"Oh, shit," the teenager glanced at her watch and gasped when she realized it was twenty to the hour in question. "I forgot how late it is."
"Don't worry," Lem replied. "The college is only a few blocks from here."
With their priorities changed, the three thanked Petra and made a hasty departure.
*
The community college was a buzz of activity with Saturday classes in full operation.
After they found a parking spot, Courtney said, "See you guys later."
Renee glanced at Lem and smiled. "Sometimes I feel so old and I mother her, while at other times she's like a kid sister giving me advice."
"Make it permanent, then," Lem whispered. He avoided Renee's eyes and watched Courtney, who had turned to wave before disappearing inside the building.
"What do you mean?" Renee replied.
"Move into my apartment and bring Courtney. I can't board her by myself." He flushed. "I'm still old fashioned, I guess."
"But my work? It's a long drive back to Mount Vernon everyday."
"Not impossible, though. Also, it will give your father a chance to work out his situation. I have a feeling he's torn between Amy and yourself. He would never ask you to leave but needs a life of his own."
"S'pose." Renee bit her bottom lip. "Oh Lem, I'd love to be with you all the time but can I think about it over Christmas? Courtney won't start here until January."
"Sure. All our lives are in a state of flux, aren't they?"
Renee smiled and leaned so her head was against his shoulder with his arm tucked around her. "All positive, Lem," she whispered.
*
Forty minutes later Courtney appeared and almost skipped across the car lot. "It's a go." She laughed. "But they want to see you inside."
"Who, Lem or me?" Renee asked.
"Both of you," Courtney said. "You don't mind, do you?"
"We're honoured," Lem said in a serious voice. "Come on, Renee. Let's go and see the professor."
A woman met the pair, introduced herself as Doctor Dorothy Infield and showed them into a modest office refurnished in the 1930s style. Somehow, this enhanced the college as a place with character and personality. 
"No doubt Courtney told you we are happy to accept her as a student," the dean began. "Thank you both for coming in." She reached for a folder. "There's a slight discrepancy here. Courtney told us her grandmother had agreed to pay her full tuition fees, so she won't need a student loan, yet she named you as her next of kin." She glanced up. "Are either of you related to her?"
Renee glanced at Lem. "No. We're just friends who care for her."
"We received an interesting report from Courtney's original school, a private girls' school, I believe. They hinted there were domestic problems but neither of you are mentioned in this information. Can you elaborate?"
Lem glanced at Renee. "Do you want the full story, Doctor?" he said.
"Please," Doctor Infield replied. "The students who come here are often extremely bright but for one reason or another, have had problems in their lives. If we know their history, it can help us to help them. Courtney appears to come into this category. Anything you say will, of course, be completely confidential."
"Okay," Lem replied. "We were complete strangers until…" With Renee's help, he told the dean Courtney's story.
"So when we came home, she came too," Renee concluded. "I guess we've given her the security she needs. She didn't want to tell her grandmother about the attack and her mother cannot be found. I guess that's why she named us on her application form."
Doctor Infield nodded. "It's a story far too common, I'm afraid. She is a fortunate young lady to have met you both. You don't mind being her next of kin on our records, then, I take it."
"No," Renee said and Lem nodded.
They shook hands with the dean and returned to an impatient Courtney sitting in the car. "God, you were ages. What kept you?"
"Mainly waiting." Renee lied and handed the girl a copy of the registration. "You're now an official high school senior at Northside Community College. I must say I'm impressed with the place."
"Yeah, it's cool," Courtney replied and turned her blue eyes to Renee. "So are you going to move in with Lem and give me the spare room?"
" Cheeky." Renee laughed. "We'll see."
"Lem, tell her," Courtney pleaded. "She doesn't get on with Grandma, anyhow."
"Women," Lem retorted. "You sort out what you want and I'll go along with it."
"Fair enough." Courtney turned to Renee. "Well, my girl. You'd better get your A into G, hadn't you?"
"We'll see," Renee repeated and gazed out the windshield deep in thought as she drove to Lem's apartment.
*

CHAPTER 14
Monday morning was the usual rush. Renee dropped Courtney off at the supermarket where she worked and headed for the office. Even though it was eight-thirty, the place was empty. Nobody was in the front office and the lights were off.
Renee frowned and headed through the empty room. Again, everything was quiet with the computers blank and silent. It was like a Sunday, not Monday morning. She reached her own office and was about to walk in when she heard a cough and turned.
A pale and drawn Annette Usborne stood at the door. "I tried to text you, Renee," she said in a soft voice, "then sent you an email. Didn't you get the message?"
Renee could see something was wrong. "What is it, Annette? I've been in Seattle all weekend and my father never bothers to use the computer to get email messages."
"It's Dad," Annette said and her lips quivered.
"Is he ill?"
"Worse than that. He had a heart attack yesterday morning and died. We've closed the business today. I guessed you may have missed my message and came down here, just in case." 
"Oh, my God," Renee responded. "I'm so sorry, Annette. Is there anything I can do?"
"We have an answering phone switched on but perhaps you could stay for an hour in case anyone arrives. As you can see, all the office staff has been told not to come in."
"And your Dad's funeral."
"Thursday. Can you carry on with Rosa Escantia's case tomorrow?"
"Sure." 
"Thanks," Annette said and burst into tears. "There was no warning. Dad was only sixty-four. I thought he'd have another twenty years."
Renee grimaced. Death at any time was tragic but when it arrived without warning... She placed an arm around the weeping woman and guided her to a seat. "Are you sure there's nothing I can do?"
"Please stay," Annette whispered.
"I can stay all day if you wish Annette."
"No." She took a handkerchief out and dabbed her eyes. "I know we haven't got on very well and even Dad realized at the end that my brother is a chauvinistic slob with no skills, whatsoever." She glanced up. "He told me you were an asset to the firm and made me so annoyed."
"Why?" said Renee in a whisper.
"Dad was the old school. You know, you have a son to follow in your footsteps, take over the firm and become yourself for the next generation. He never discouraged me when I decided to become a lawyer but never encouraged me either." She stopped and cried quiet tears. "Poor Dad. I think he realized years ago William wasn't suited to be a lawyer. That's why he gave us equal shares in the firm after he bought out old Doug Westendarp. He had to support his son but acknowledged me, too. Then you were employed, so keen, qualified and…"
"If your father was so sexist why was I employed?"
Annette glanced up. "You're a young attractive redhead. It was your good looks and curvy figure that got you the job." She sniffed back more tears. "I'm afraid my father was that way inclined."
"Oh hell," Renee responded.
"But you proved to be an excellent lawyer," Annette continued. "And I was jealous. I had managed to prove to Dad I was better than William and you came along and outperformed me in almost every way. That's why I've been so critical of you and outright nasty at times."
"You have," Renee replied. "I've considered leaving but you're a good lawyer, Annette. I always knew that."
"So will you stay with the firm? It's going to be a tough battle with William Junior in charge."
"In charge?"
"Probably." Annette sniffed. "Dad still owned fifty-one percent of the company shares. William and I have twenty percent each and the rest is owned by a handful of Doug's relations. Knowing Dad, I'm sure he'll leave his shares to William. Old traditions die hard, you know."
"I see," Renee replied. "With William Junior in charge, I don't think I'll last long." She glanced up and smiled. "But I'll stay in the meantime. Okay?"
"Thanks." Annette briefly touched Renee's arm and left.
*
Defence Attorney Renee Bonnett looked as nervous as her client when the jury filed back into the courtroom that Thursday afternoon after only two hours deliberation.
"This can be a good sign," she whispered to Rosa Escantia but they both knew it was probably the opposite.
The jury took their seats and the foreperson, a middle-aged white woman, who throughout the trial had sat tight-lipped and listened to the evidence without any sign of emotion, stood up. It looked bad!
Judge Rebecca Telles read the small piece of paper handed to her by the clerk and cast her eyes around the court. The mainly Hispanic spectators were seated in two distinct groups with Rosa's friends and relations on one side, while her late husband's relations filled the seats opposite. 
"When the verdict is read there will be no reaction from the gallery. All emotion and reactions will be restrained, or the court will be cleared before the verdict is given," the judge ordered and nodded to a young man beneath the bench. As he'd done throughout the trial, he translated her words into Spanish.
The judge's eyes searched both sections of the crowd and took the nods and body language as an agreement. "Very well. Has the jury reached a verdict?"
"We have, Your Honour."
Renee's heart thumped in her rib cage.
"To the charge of second degree murder, how do you find the defendant?"
"Not guilty, Your Honour."
Renee glanced at Rosa and saw her pale lips twitch ever so slightly as the woman riveted her eyes on the jury chairwoman. A faint murmur switched off as soon as the judge glanced across the gallery.
"To the lesser charge of manslaughter, how do you find the defendant?"
"We, the jury, find Rosa Elvia Escantia not guilty." The woman's words echoed through the silent room and were immediately translated into Spanish.
"What does it mean?" Rosa blurted out.
"You go home, Rosa," Renee replied. "You're free."
Only then did Rosa burst into shuddering tears and plunge her face between her hands.
"This case is dismissed," Judge Rebecca Telles said. "The defendant is free to go."
"Thank you, Miss Bonnett," Rosa said through her tears. "I believe God was beside me when you were appointed as my attorney. God bless you, Renee."
"We did it together, Rosa, " Renee replied and smiled to acknowledge the lifting of eyebrows from the district attorney across the room.
Fifteen minutes later, Renee was surrounded by dozens of women from Rosa's extended family who wanted to shake her hand. Males, though, were conspicuous by their absence, except for one elderly man who pushed through the crowd and grasped Renee's right hand with both of his. His leathery face, calloused hands and bent body made him appear ancient before his time but his brown eyes were alert and clear.
"Rosa is my youngest daughter," he said in heavily accented English. "If it was not for you..." His words changed to Spanish but Renee had some knowledge of the language and knew the old man was overwhelmed with emotion in his attempt to thank her.
"Rosa was a victim," she said quietly. "When the jury realized that, they knew there was no crime to answer for."
"But the gringo jury, especially that head señora with her flashy clothes didn't care about us," the old man continued.
"Whether she cared or not, didn't matter," Renee explained. "They were there to decide what the truth was and they did."
"But without you, they would have never been told this truth. I thank you from the bottom of my heart, Señorita Bonnett. Ricardo was an evil man who beat my Rosa many times and only laughed at me when I tried to stop him."
He squeezed Renee's hand so hard it hurt, slipped an arm around his daughter and the pair walked out into the gray Washington day.
"You can be proud, Sweetheart," A familiar voice said.
Renee swung around and smiled. "Dad," she said. "I didn't realize you were here."
"I've been here since Tuesday, Sweetheart," Jack replied. "How could I miss seeing one of the state's top attorneys in action?" 
Renee felt as if all her years of study had suddenly bore fruit. She was a professional who had won a major criminal case. "Oh Daddy, you're exaggerating again." She rushed across and hugged her father then took out her cellphone. "I have to tell Lem." 
"Oh, he's just arrived," Jack said. "He drove up from Seattle, picked up Courtney from Burlington and returned here."
Renee smiled again. There was nobody in the world she would rather see than the great hulk of a man at the door and the blonde teenager beside him.
"Hi, Big Time Attorney, are you still speaking to us plebs?" Courtney called out.
"Have you an appointment?" Renee replied and laughed.
"Several," Lem walked up, folded his arms around her and placed a firm kiss on her lips. "That was appointment one. Appointment two..."
"Okay, I get the idea. I need to return to the office for a few moments. Perhaps you could all follow me there."
*
The reception at the office was a complete antithesis of the warmth experienced earlier. Annette intercepted Renee in the foyer and abruptly guided her into a side interview room. Her face was like thunder and her hand shook as she held a document.
"My God, Renee. I poured my heart out at you on Monday and you knew all along."
"Knew what? I have no idea what you're talking about, Annette."
"Dad's will," the woman almost screamed. "Don't say you didn't write it. It has your style over every page, the modern language, no indented paragraphs…everything!" She slapped the document on the small desk.
Renee swallowed. "I have never seen nor had anything to do with your father's will. Look at the witness signatures if you don't believe me. Why would William Senior confide in me, anyway?"
"Because you're a major beneficiary, that's why!" Annette stood with hands on her hips and eyes focused on Renee.
With her own anger rising Renee could not stop the shocked expression that paled her face. She held the other woman's gaze, felt for a chair behind her and sat down. "I had no idea," she whispered.
Annette never focused elsewhere. Her expression changed from outright hostility to curiosity to almost acceptance. For seconds she held Renee's gaze before she broke contact. 
"Oh Jesus," she swore and sat in the second chair. She pushed the will at Renee. "Read it," she whispered.
"No, it's a family document," Renee replied. "Tell me about any sections that apply to me."
"My brother is furious." Annette gave a thin smile. "He's going to the highest court in the land to have the will declared null and void."
"But why?"
"Dad left eleven percent of the company shares to you, Renee. You never knew?"
"No idea at all," Renee replied and switched to her lawyer mode. "I am honoured, of course but that is hardly a controlling interest."
"But it is. There's more. The remaining forty percent has been put in a frozen trust for five years. Only after that time will it be divided between my brother and me. The trustees are three old business friends of Dad's." Annette heaved in exasperation. "But you read Clause 27 B."
Renee picked up the will and read the clause mentioned. In the course of the five years these shares are frozen, I name Miss Renee Bonnett as the sole owner of the proxy voting rights. She may use her majority voting rights to guide the firm in any direction she wishes, except to sell the company. At the end of five years, the shares and voting rights will revert to my two children. By that date, I hope they will have learned how a law firm should operate.
"Somewhat sarcastic," Renee whispered and read several other relevant clauses before she looked up. "I knew absolutely nothing of this, Annette."
"Why did Dad suddenly back you up on everything in the last few months, then?" Annette's tone was still suspicious.
"My Dad." Renee explained how her father and William Senior had become friends at the club.
"Oh, I see," Annette replied in a more reconciliatory tone.
"If your brother appeals this will, everything will be frozen until the outcome is decided. It could be tied up for years."
"Dad thought of that, too," Annette said in a resigned voice. "He anticipated this action and had it covered. Look a Clause 49."
"Tell me."
"Basically, it says the trustees of the will are directed to hand the management of this company over to you until all appeals are decided."
"And if I turn down the offer?"
"The trustees become a managing committee. In either case, William and I are frozen out for five years or until the will is nullified. Dad knew the law. I'll give him that much."
"I never wanted this. I'll have to think about the implications."
"Well, it's better than I thought," Annette confessed. "If William had taken over we'd be insolvent within a year, I can just about guarantee that."
"And what about everything else? Your dad's home and personal things?"
"I misjudged him, Renee. It's split down the middle. William and I get half each, so I did better than expected. My pride was pricked when I thought you knew what Dad did." She smiled. "But even you couldn't fake that look of surprise when you heard the news."
"Well, I'm sure we can work together and we can tackle William from a point of strength, can't we?" Renee added.
*
William Junior's reaction to the news was different than Renee expected. He walked into her office on Friday and glowered.
"I suppose the firm is now Bonnett, Usborne and Usborne," he said sarcastically and sat down. "No doubt my sister told you all the exciting news."
"She did," Renee replied. "However, I see little reason for anything to change."
"But it will. You can bitch over everything as much as you like, Renee but you won't have me to kick around." He laughed sarcastically. "Didn't Nixon say something like that when he resigned?"
Renee studied the man and saw someone stone sober. That, in itself, was unexpected. He had a resolute expression with a jaw that protruded, his hands folded formally across his crisp new suit.
"Go on, William."
"I'm getting out. I'm selling my share of the firm, Dad's house and going east."
"But you can't," Renee protested. "Your father's will restricted sale of shares."
"Dad's bit for sure," William corrected. "But you forget that I own twenty percent of the company outright. I can do whatever I like with that and I choose to sell. You and my pathetic sister can squander what's left to your heart's content. I know you had it sorted out between you, anyway. You rolled your eyes at the old man and he was putty in your hands." He lowered his eyes to gaze at her bosom. "Or did you let him bed you a few times to get his attention?"
If the comment was aimed at making Renee annoyed, it worked. She flushed a bright red, stood and pulled her suit jacket closed, so her blouse beneath was covered. Her eyes turned ice cold and she fixed them on the man.
"Have you finished?"
William smiled. "Well, actually no. I know all about women like you who ooze sex and use their bodies…"
"Get out!" A high-pitched voice from behind the pair interrupted. "Sell your shares and good riddance to you, I say. You're damn lucky to get anything from Dad. You deserved nothing."
Renee was angry but nothing compared with Annette Usborne who stood at the door with her face contorted in rage. "You're a dirty-minded playboy who thinks everything is done with that corrupt organ between your legs. We aren't all like that, William, so just get."
William attempted to make another rude innuendo but failed. Instead, he glanced back at Renee and shrugged. "Stupid bitches," he muttered and walked out.
"I heard everything," Annette said. "I'm sorry, Renee. He's a real bastard, isn't he?"
"Yes," Renee whispered. "I feel so sorry for his wife."
"Me too," Annette confessed. "But he's solved our problem, hasn't he?"
"What's that?" 
"Saves you firing him, doesn't it? We could never have worked with him. He did little enough with Dad keeping his eye on him. With that influence gone he would have been impossible."
Renee nodded. "So we can build the firm, together, can't we?"
"I hope so," Annette replied. "If you want to try, I am prepared to meet you halfway."
"No bosses, just partners," Renee added. "Those are my conditions. It would have been impossible to operate like that with William Junior but I think we can work well together."
"Yes," Annette said in a quiet voice. "The best law firm in the Northwest."
The obnoxious Usborne son was forgotten as the two lawyers kicked off their shoes, relaxed and discussed their future together.
*

CHAPTER 15
The weekend had arrived, a cold blustery December evening with rain thrashing windowpanes of the Bonnett farmhouse. Inside, the central heating worked efficiently and the occupants were snug and warm. Jack stood in the bedroom and waited in anticipation. He heard the shower turn off and knew what would happen. Every Friday it did.
Amy walked in the room with a towel wrapped around her body, while she used a second towel to rub her damp hair dry. She glanced at Jack standing by the bed and without a word dropped the bottom towel. Nude and still red from the hot shower she stepped into Jack's arms and kissed him frantically on the lips. 
Seconds later the two were on the bed and forty years poured from Jack's life as the woman aroused him more than he thought possible. "Oh, Jack," moaned Amy as his thrusts reached a climax.
But at the height of passion, Jack's mind saw Sally smiling at him. His dear wife and Renee's mother clung to him and kissed him softly.
"You're my man, Jack," she whispered and held him close for a few tender moments of intimacy before she sprung out of bed.
But this heaving, desperate woman in the last stages of her own climax was not Sally but Amy. She smiled into Jack's face, gave him a quick peck on the cheek and disappeared from the room.
A moment later she returned dressed in a shapeless nightgown and slipped back in bed. "Night, Jack," she said, rolled over and fell asleep.
It was over. That was the trouble. Amy was his lover; he was sexually attracted to her but that was it. He did not love the woman.
Many of her habits annoyed him. He had told this to nobody, not even Renee.
"What is it, Jack?" Amy's voice interrupted his thoughts. 
"I'm just thinking about us," he replied. 
Amy jerked up, switched on the side lamp and swung to face him. "What has your daughter been saying, Jack?" she said in a cold voice.
"Nothing." 
"You've spoilt her. My God, I guarantee she hasn't even thanked you for thinking of selling the farm and investing in her firm."
"No, she never said a word."
"There you are."
"Because I never told her, Amy. She doesn't know anything about it. Anyhow, William Usborne's shares haven't been placed on the market yet."
Amy stared at him. In the dull light, she did not look the sexy woman of a few moments earlier but a wrinkled, demanding lady.
"Is that so?" she muttered. "You're a fool if you pour hundreds of thousands of dollars into a failed business to prop your daughter up. Her boyfriend is practically a millionaire, anyhow. She doesn't need the money."
"And you do?" Jack interrupted.
Amy stopped and glowered. "What do you mean, Jack?"
"I think you know," Jack continued. "It's not working out, Amy. It's nothing to do with Renee, Courtney, or anybody else. It's us."
Amy shivered and a faint gasp came from her lips. "After the sex we've just had?"
"That is marvellous, Amy. Making love to you is the most wonderful thing that's happened to me for a decade." He stopped, saw the hurt eyes but decided he had to continue. "But that's it, Amy. Our sex life is what keeps us together. You're a fine woman who has helped me through a difficult time of my life."
"But?"
Jack gulped. "I respect and like you, Amy. I appreciate everything you've done for me and how you've helped Courtney." He hesitated. "It's just physical attraction, I'm afraid. I like having sex with you. You're a dynamic woman."
"An object of your lust."
"It's not just that. I like having you here, your company, the wonderful changes you've brought into my lonely life."
"But you don't love me," Amy whispered.
"That's about it. And I don't believe you love me either."
"But who does love at our age, Jack?" Amy's voice changed to a plea. "You can't live on memories. You have to live for the moment or shrivel up and die."
Jack glanced away but remained silent.
"It's Renee. She's a little vixen sucking you dry, Jack."
"And Courtney is a little angel?" Jack felt anger surge through him. "All you do is scream at each other."
"Renee's warped her mind, too."
Jack turned. "Let's not bring the girls into it. They're just side issues, aren't they?"
Amy heaved a loud sigh and nodded.
"I tried, Jack," she whispered.
"You did." Jack wanted to say more but the words dried up. What does one say to a woman in this situation?
"I'll leave tomorrow." Amy's blunt statement filled the air. She clicked the light off. "Night, Jack."
"Goodnight, Amy."
He felt annoyed with himself but relieved. Though the words weren't spoken, he was sure Amy was interested only in having a nice home around her. She had hinted about assets in the east but thinking back, she had contributed little to their finances. That was not fair but he knew she had not hesitated to pay Courtney's college fees.
He rolled over and dropped into a troubled sleep. His dream was not of the woman beside him but his dear wife. He relived the final moments in the hospice. Sally had looked at him with her tiny hand in his and said, "You're my man, Jack." Those were the last words she had uttered. Moments later she had dropped into a coma from which she never awoke.
Even though it was only a dream, tears rolled down his cheeks.
*
The next afternoon Jack drove Amy to the airport at Bellingham and waited in embarrassed silence as she had her luggage and tickets sorted.
"I'll be fine," she said to break the impasse. "Courtney's mother will meet me and I'll stay with her awhile."
"You've had contact with her? I never realized that."
"Oh, yes," Amy said in a quiet voice. "Lizzie is still living with Selwyn Benson. I told her about Courtney being here and she's so relieved she is safe. However, she doesn't want to talk to her."
"But why?"
Amy shrugged. "I guess she's still hurt. Anyway, I abided by her wishes." She took a letter from her purse. "Will you give this to Courtney? It explains a few things." She stopped and gazed into Jack's eyes. "I'm sorry about last night, Jack. Renee is an excellent daughter and you can be proud of her."
"I know. And so is Courtney."
"Look after them, Jack," Amy whispered. "Will you drop me a line sometime or get Courtney to write?"
"Yes."
"And Jack, visit Diane Ellis. Your neighbour has a romantic interest in you, you know."
"What? She's at least fifteen years younger than I am."
"But a lonely woman. Believe me…"
Amy's sentence was interrupted by the final boarding call. She kissed him on the cheek and was gone.
*
Jack drove home deep in thought. He switched his thoughts to Diane, his neighbour for years. She had been a widow for five and had always been part of the district, someone to chat to on occasion. She fed the cat and took Zona when he was away. In return, he fed her animals when she left her farm. They were good neighbours and she was so young, more Renee's generation than his…well, sort of in the middle.
When Jack reached home he gritted his teeth and turned right instead of left, up a long drive. At the end was another farmhouse, remarkably similar to his. He climbed out of the wagon, walked to the back porch and froze. This was stupid. He swung around and was about to return to his car when the door opened. Diane stood there.
"Hello Jack," she said. "I thought I recognized your Blazer. It's good to see you."
"I've just dropped Courtney's grandmother off at the airport and nobody is home. Renee won't be back until Monday evening." He stumbled over his words and tried to find an excuse for being there. "I noticed your road fence was down. I reckon a car ran into it and thought you might like me to patch it up."
"In your town clothes?" Diane's expression was unreadable.
"Yes, well." Jack was flustered. "I saw it just now. I'll go home and change, of course, then come back."
He turned and limped away. The limp was more pronounced when he was apprehensive.
Diane stepped forward and touched his arm. "You must be hungry, Jack," she said in a soft voice. "Going all the way to Bellingham and back, I bet you never ate anything."
"Well, no I didn't..." Jack smiled.
"Come in," Diane said. "I was about to whip something up for myself. Have lunch with me. Then we can go and inspect the fence. There's no hurry." She smiled. "It's been down for ten days, you know. The field is shut for the winter, so I didn't worry about it."
Their eyes met and a message transmitted across that farmhouse porch. Jack nodded and walked into the warm kitchen. 
"When is Amy coming back?" Diane asked in a too casual voice.
"She isn't," Jack whispered. "We've still got Courtney, though. She's starting college in Seattle after the New Year and…" The tension drained and he continued. Diane was the neighbour across the road…but was she? He glanced up and their eyes met again.
My God. Amy was right. He coughed and reddened.
Diane noticed and flushed. "I'll put the coffee on," she said, catching his gaze. "I'm glad you came, Jack." She brushed his hand.
Somehow, that tiny brush of skin against skin made Jack feel strange and sort of excited. Amy was forgotten, Sally a distant memory but Diane Ellis, a neighbour for years, was here now. The jersey and jeans she wore looked so…everything was happening too quickly.
*
When the Cavalier screeched to a stop in the driveway on Monday evening, Jack knew the teenager was at the wheel but his mind was on other things. He walked out and stood sheepishly on the back steps. His explanation for Amy's absence was ready and he hoped the words would come out right.
Renee stepped out of the passenger's side of the car with a compassionate expression, walked across to him and tucked both arms around his waist.
"I'm sorry, Dad," she said. "Amy rang me at work a couple hours ago. She said to tell you she arrived safely at the airport and was met by Elizabeth." She paused. "Oh Daddy, if your breakup was because of me, I'm so sorry."
"It wasn't, Sweetheart," Jack replied. "It was nobody's fault. The chemistry wasn't there, that was all. I realized I was a lonely old man infatuated by the attention Amy provided."
During the conversation Courtney remained silent three steps away with her head bowed. Blonde hair hid her face.
"Excuse me, Sweetheart," Jack said and walked to the youngster.
He placed an arm around the girl but did not expect an immediate reaction. The girl clutched him, her chin shook and she burst into tears. 
"You know, Courtney." Jack stroked her hair. "At times it seems I have two daughters, two beautiful young women that I am so proud of. What happened between your grandmother and me doesn't affect our friendship one bit."
"Oh, Jack." The girl looked up, wiped her eyes and broke into a smile. "Renee said you'd be like this but I wasn't sure."
"Is that why you're so distressed?"
"It's just the memories." Courtney sobbed. "Whenever I feel wanted or needed, something happens to screw it up. It's been like this since grade school. It's as if I'm one big nuisance to everyone."
"Well, you aren't," Jack said. "And I know Renee agrees."
"She does," Courtney replied. "But when I saw you waiting on the steps, I thought you'd want to talk to Renee and I would be in the way. If it wasn't for me you would not have met Grandma, so it was my fault."
"Nothing was your fault, Courtney," Jack continued. "By the way, there's a letter from your grandma on the mantelpiece in the living room."
"Thanks Jack." She smiled at Renee and walked inside.
"So what really happened, Dad?" Renee asked.
Jack shrugged. "It had been coming on for a long time. You know I hate classical music and a house too tidy. She was the visitor but tried to take control of our lives."
"Oh shit," came Courtney's voice from the back door. She stood there with the opened letter in her hands.
"What's wrong?" Renee swung around in alarm.
"The letter is not from Grandma but Mom. She says she's still with Selwyn Benson and will marry him when Daddy's divorce comes through."
"That wasn't unexpected, was it?"
"No but the next bit is." Courtney bit her lip and looked as if she was about to burst into tears again.
"What is it?" Jack asked.
"My college fee. Grandma never paid it. According to Mom's letter, she had no money."
"Then who did?" Renee asked.
"Selwyn," Courtney whispered. "Mom's boyfriend paid."
Jack glanced at Renee and shrugged. "I guess that's because he loves your mom."
"They may have regretted how they treated you before you ran away," Renee added.
"Yes." Courtney sighed as she folded the letter and tucked it back in the envelope. "You could be right." She turned her eyes to pair. "I'd rather be here, though, if you still want me."
"Courtney." Jack tried to appear serious. "We're not going through all that again. If I remember, it's your chore to feed Zona tonight. The poor dog has been out in the barn yelping ever since you arrived. Bring him inside if you like."
"Yes, Daddy," Courtney replied. Her face broke into a grin as she stuck the letter in a pocket and ran across the yard towards the barn. Just before she went inside she turned and shouted, "I love you both, you know."
Jack chuckled and placed his arm around his daughter's shoulders. "I have some other news, sweetheart. Nothing big but it's important to me."
They turned and walked inside.
*
Phil, Diane's married son who farmed a property up the valley with his wife and two young children, called the week before Christmas and approached Jack while he was doing chores in the barn.
"I've never seen Mom so happy," he said and reached out to the older man. "I wanted to say thanks, Jack. We go back many years." He chuckled. "I remember when I was at school with Renee. She's five years older than me and seemed so sophisticated and self-assured. I reckon I had a bit of a crush on her but I guess from her point of view, I was a cheeky kid to boss around."
"I remember," Jack said. "Those were good days, Phil. Your Dad and I used to help each other and after he passed on I kept helping your mom." He gazed out the open barn door at yet another drizzly day. "It's funny, sometimes you search the world for happiness when it's there beside you all the time and you don't realize."
"Yes, Mom always kept her feelings to herself," Phil continued. "Look after her, Jack and if it goes any further I fully approve."
"Aye Lad but it's more Diane looking after me, I'm afraid." He gazed at the young man. "With our age difference and all."
"I mentioned that to Mom but remember this, Jack. If Dad was still alive he would have been as old as you." Phil grinned. "Perhaps Mom likes older men."
"Could be," Jack said and glanced into the yard where a worried looking Diane had appeared. "You'd better tell your mom what you just told me."
"Hello Phil," Diane said in a hesitant voice when she joined the pair. "Is there a problem?"
"No, Mom." Her son laughed. "I was telling Jack, I hope Renee doesn't start bossing me around again like she did when we were kids on the school bus."
Diane saw the approval in her son's eyes and slipped an arm around Jack. "Thanks Phil," she replied quietly and received Jack's kiss.
*
After that day, the neighbours became inseparable with their affection for each other deepening. Diane, Jack found out later, had been attracted to him for years but being of conservative rural stock had kept it to herself.
The two families with Courtney spent Christmas together and two nights later, with the families away enjoying themselves. Diane invited Jack to spend the night at her place.
The meal they had was superb but she was extremely nervous when she excused herself and reappeared in the living room fifteen minutes later dressed in a pink dressing gown.
"I love you, Jack," she whispered, "but I'm scared."
"Don't be," he replied and drew her into his arms. The dressing gown slipped off her shoulders to expose a black, almost transparent negligée beneath.
"Cheeky Phil gave it to me for Christmas," Diane said in an embarrassed voice. "I hope…"
"Don't talk." Jack undid the tiny silver ribbon that zigzagged down the cleavage of her breasts.
Their tiny kiss on the lips became passionate and they walked hand in hand to the bedroom. The gentle foreplay of shy partners turned into excitement and exhilaration when both wanted fulfilment and cast their clothes and inhibitions aside. 
But was something wrong? Diane wept in the darkness and clung to him. For a moment it seemed she was physically hurt and he felt ashamed. It wasn't so.
"No, Jack. I wanted and needed you," she whispered and tucked her head in the nape of his neck. "I've been alone all these years and…" She glanced up so the whites of her eyes glowed in the dull light. "I was too shy to tell you how I felt, then you arrived with Amy."
"I didn't know. Amy provided an outlet for a lonely old man but later I realized that was all it was." He kissed her gentle lips and ran a finger along the tears on her cheeks. "No more tears, Diane."
"No more tears," she replied and cuddled close.
*

 CHAPTER 16
On the first Thursday in February Courtney sat tight-lipped and nervous in the dean's office at Northside Community College. She knew there was nothing to be worried about but all authority made her apprehensive.
The woman in the armchair looked up from the sheet she'd been reading and smiled at the new student. "And how have your first few weeks been, Courtney?"
"I've enjoyed it Doctor Infield…I'm sorry, Dorothy." Courtney stumbled. It was hard to get used to calling the staff by their first names, something encouraged in the liberal college. "It couldn't be more different than Miss Shelton's Academy."
Dorothy Infield smiled and started the interview. "As you know, Courtney, this personal profile of all students in the high school diploma classes is entirely confidential. Our little chat is part of the process of helping you get the most of your time here."
"I understand."
"Every answer is voluntary. If you don't want to reply say, 'pass' and we move on. It is no reflection on you if that happens."
Courtney nodded and glanced up. The dean had an infectious smile and her nickname around the campus seemed quite appropriate. Everyone called her Granny. She looked like everybody's grandmother, fifty, gray-haired and rotund.
"Good. We'll get started then, shall we?" Dorothy held up the questionnaire. "I must congratulate you on your presentation, Courtney. It's copperplate and your command of the English language and spelling is excellent. You should see some of the styles our students have."
"It was something they stressed at Miss Shelton's Academy," Courtney said offhandedly but felt proud of the compliment.
Questions of a general nature were asked first and it was ten minutes before personal matters were reached. "You listed the most important males in your life as Lem and Jack and checked family and friends in the relationship category." The dean looked up. "I know Lem but who is Jack?"
"He's Renee's father." 
"And you listed her as the most important female in your life?"
"That's right."
"And you have no partner or steady boyfriend?"
"No." Courtney's voice quivered slightly and she hoped this wasn't noticed.
The dean jotted a note on the sheet and switched to other questions about Courtney's health, whether she smoked, took drugs and other routine and less embarrassing matters. The questions on the car accident and the reason she walked away from home were more probing. Several times Courtney considered saying 'pass' but decided to answer.
It seemed as if Granny knew everything about her. Courtney squirmed in her seat and thought of her time in Florida. 
"Back to your answer about other important people in your life. I notice you wrote 'Grandma', then crossed her name out and substituted 'Diane'. Is there a reason for this?"
"Not really," Courtney replied. "Grandma has gone back to Michigan and I see more of Diane, that's all. She's Jack's partner." 
"And you don't include your parents on your list?"
"No and I'd like to pass on any explanation."
Again, the dean made no comment and continued with questions that involved subjects Courtney was taking and other academic topics. Finally, Dorothy read the last page of Courtney's questionnaire. She smiled and glanced at the teenager.
"In this section you said you're interested in participating in our mutual help program where we buddy two students together to help each other. Do you still want to do this?"
"Sure."
"Good but why did you add the comment, females only?"
Courtney flushed and said nothing.
"Pass if you wish."
"I was raped." Courtney burst out and tears flooded her eyes. "Except for Lem and Jack, I hate all males."
The dean took a box of tissues from a drawer, slid them across the desk and waited while Courtney cried silently for several moments, before regaining control of her emotions. "I'm sorry, Doctor Infield. I should be able to cope by now."
"There's nothing to be sorry about, Courtney. I'm sure your friends have told you that."
The girl nodded and blew her nose.
"Would you like to tell me about it?" 
Courtney almost said pass but saw empathy in the dean's eyes. In hesitant sentences she began at the car accident when Brigitte and Sada were killed and continued to her time in Florida, the rape and meeting Renee and Lem in the cave.
"At least I'm didn't get pregnant like Linda Wycherley." She sobbed at the end. Linda was another student and rape victim in Courtney's class who had returned to college after an abortion.
"True," Dorothy said without further comment on the other girl. "Thank you for telling me everything, Courtney. You're lucky to have friends like Lem, Renee and Jack."
She reached in the drawer and brought out another personal profile document and turned to the back page. "Look at this, Courtney."
In the mutual help section of the questionnaire the student had agreed to participate but had written in block capitals 'No Males'.
"Would you be interested in being a buddy to this student?" she asked.
Courtney glanced at the neatly written page. "I suppose. What happened to her, or is it confidential?"
"There is one problem," Dorothy replied. "This student is not female but a young man a little older than yourself."
Courtney glowered but stopped and reread the page in front of her. She glanced at the dean and bit her bottom lip. "Can you tell me about him?"
"Like your history, his details are confidential. I can say, though, that like you he is a victim of abuse and does not trust males. Unfortunately, he hasn't had three wonderful friends to help him and has become quite a loaner. I assure you he is a gentle young man who needs a friend."
"Is he gay?"
"No. If you are prepared to meet him but don't want to be his buddy, you can walk away. Once again, this will be no reflection on you. There are several other girls I could buddy him with but I think you are the best."
"Why?"
"Your personality, Courtney. You are bright and outgoing. I know you are already one of the most popular girls in your home class."
"Am I?" Courtney smiled for the first time in half an hour. "I didn't realize."
"You can provide the friendship Ken needs at the moment."
Courtney paused. She didn't know any student by that name, not that this was unexpected. There were four home classes in the high school section of Northside Community College with a total of a hundred students.
"I'll meet him but promise you nothing. I'm not comfortable with guys."
"They aren't all chauvinistic, sport crazy, girl-chasing beer guzzlers, Courtney. Ken is none of these."
"Okay."
"Good, I'll see if Ken agrees and get back to you. Meanwhile, please keep everything we said confidential." The dean stood. "Your grades and assignments to date are excellent. You are a most welcome student here. Thank you."
The interview was over. Courtney shook hands and walked out with mixed but mainly confident feelings to find a friend waiting.
"Hi, Linda," she said.
"You were in there forever," the other high school senior replied. "How was Granny? I've got my interview tomorrow."
"Fine," Courtney replied, "but I'm famished. Let's head for the cafeteria."
The two walked down the corridor, chatting as they went. In her short time at Northside, Courtney had made a circle of friends. Her earlier fear that she'd be a year older than everyone hadn't materialized. Only Linda and a handful of others were younger. The students ranged from their late teens to Renee's or even Lem's age. When one is eighteen, thirty is truly ancient.
*
That afternoon at four, the weather was terrible. A northerly squall hit Seattle with hail and sleet. It pelted the campus. Though she didn't expect him, Courtney looked across the car lot in case Lem's Cadillac was there. It wasn't and she was about to head out to the bus when she heard a toot.
"Renee." She laughed when she saw the Cavalier a few yards away. "Come on, Linda, we've got our ride."
She ran to the auto and flung the passenger door open. "You can drive Linda to her apartment, can't you?" she said and without waiting for an answer, dived into the back.
"Sure. Hop in, Linda, before you get soaked," Renee said. She drove in bumper-to-bumper traffic toward home.
"How come you're here?" Courtney asked.
"I had a client to see in Seattle, so worked it out. I didn't have to make an extra trip."
"Renee's a top criminal lawyer," Courtney said proudly to Linda. "I'm going to study law next year."
"Are you?" Renee replied.
"And why not?" Courtney retorted. "Don't you think I can?"
Renee laughed. "Courtney, I'm sure you can, as long as you don't chatter all the time."
"She does, doesn't she?" Linda added in a soft voice. "It was like a bombshell hitting our class when she bowled in."
"Oh, shut up," Courtney retorted and continued to chatter about her interview. She did not mention being budded up to a male student. 
*
After dropping Linda off, Renee drove home to the apartment. With Dad and Diane firm companions, it hadn't been as difficult as she had expected to tell him she was going to live with Lem in Seattle. Courtney would stay with them.
So for the last month, their lives were reversed. They spent the week in Seattle and the weekend on the farm. Lem and Courtney insisted on accompanying her home and it worked out well. As long as she gave herself plenty of time, even the daily trip up the interstate wasn't too bad, since most traffic travelled in the opposite direction.
"So what else happened in your interview with the dean?" she asked.
"How do you know there was more?"
"Just a guess," Renee responded. "But there was, wasn't there?"
"Yeah. I was a cot case again and bawled like an idiot."
"So what?" Renee shrugged. "I'm sure Doctor Infield understood."
"She couldn't be better," Courtney admitted. "I didn't intend telling her what happened but it sort of slipped out."
"And how do you feel now?"
"Better but she's paired me with a guy. I should have refused."
"Has she?" Renee's eyebrows shot up.
"Yeah." Courtney told all about the buddy scheme.
"It sounds like a good idea. Linda seems a nice girl, too. You're getting quite a group of friends."
"Linda had the same problem as me," Courtney added. "Worse actually. She had an abortion a few weeks back."
"The poor kid."
"Yeah," Courtney said in a hushed voice. "She's only sixteen. Doctor Infield said I was lucky to have you and Lem and I agreed. Seeing some of the other students made me realize how fortunate I am. You know, two girls in my class are pregnant and one is a paraplegic. She broke her spine in a car accident not a lot different from the one I was in."
"I think we're all fortunate," Renee said. "We could have been killed or seriously hurt in that cave."
"So how's the ankle?"
"It aches in this cold weather but isn't too bad. I tire if I walk too far."
"We help each other, remember."
Renee glanced at her young friend, smiled and switched her attention back to driving. They would be home in twenty minutes and she couldn't wait to get there. Her ankle ached like a throbbing tooth and had all day. This was the real reason she was back early. Annette had insisted she go home and take Friday off.
*
When Courtney saw the nametag and walked up to Ken Freidhurst in the tutorial room, he was completely different from her mental image of a short runt of a kid in horn-rimmed glasses. The youth was well over six feet tall, slim, had a mop of dark hair above a clean-shaven face and was dressed in casual clothes.
"Hi Ken," she said in an unusual husky voice. "I'm Courtney Howlett, your new buddy. I guess you were given my name."
Ken nodded. "Hello Courtney." He waved at the guide sheet all the students had been given. "I guess we'd better get on with it."
They sat at a table and went through the questions. After ten minutes Courtney threw her hands up in horror. "What a load of old crap," she said in exasperation. "This is worse than back at school." She shoved her paper over at the boy. "Look, fill in the bits about yourself that you want to tell me and I'll do the same with your paper and let's talk about something interesting."
"Like what?" Ken replied in a hesitant voice.
"Hell, I don't know," Courtney retorted. "What do you like in life?"
"Cars, computers, hiking..."
"Well, that's a start. Have you seen Lem's Cadillac? He's my best friend's partner."
"That pearl white one that cruises in on wet mornings?" Ken's eyes lit up.
"Yeah." Courtney laughed. "Lem drops me off on wet days." She shrugged. "That's most days at this time of the year, isn't it? What sort of car have you got?"
"An old Mustang. It's bit of a heap but all I can afford. I'm fixing it up."
"Oh, my God. I love Mustangs." Actually, she wouldn't know one if she tripped over it.
Ken glanced at her and broke into a smile. "You're different from what I expected."
"How?"
"Just different. The girls here talk about designer clothes, labels and boys." 
Courtney tossed back her blonde hair and studied her fellow student. For a male, he seemed pleasant. "Is your Mustang out in the lot, Ken?"
"Yeah. Do you want to see it?"
"I'd love to." Courtney gathered up their questionnaires only half completed, tossed them on the lecturer's desk and headed for the door. "You'll get wet." Ken towered above her.
"Who cares," Courtney said with a shrug. "I've got a jacket."
*
After that day, Courtney found she enjoyed Ken company and along with Linda they spent hours together doing things teenagers enjoy. It was a loose arrangement with no demands. Courtney had no idea what Ken's problems were, nor did she tell him of her own. They were friends who trusted society again.
One evening Renee returned home from work to find it was Linda cooking supper, while Ken chatted with Lem about a new computer software program and Courtney was on her bed reading. Lem and Renee's apartment became home for them all and a place to hang out away from the sterile dormitory of Northeast Community College where the other two lived.
"The apartment's getting too small," Lem shouted later that night above the roar of heavy rock music screaming from the living room compact disk quad speakers. "I had forgotten how much space teenagers take over."
"So you'd rather be by yourself in your solitary apartment," Renee said and flung her arms around his neck.
"I didn't say that," Lem replied and kissed her salty lips. "But there must be a happy medium somewhere. What I need is my house back. Perhaps I could do a straight swap with Nikki."
*

CHAPTER 17
The woman placed the camcorder on a tripod, adjusted the lens to view the living room couch and set a ten second delay. She squinted through the viewfinder one more time and limped to the seat as recording began.
Nikki Erksberg rubbed her hand over a blackened eye, down a broken cheekbone and fingered a cut lip. But she was determined and for perhaps the first time in a week, cold sober.
"Lem," she said and wiped her bloody lip again. "This video is to right some of the wrongs and to explain. I hope you forgive me, even though I find it hard to forgive myself." She swallowed, pushed back a strand of hair and gazed at the green light of the camcorder. "I look a sight, don't I? Patrick McQuilkin's threats turned into reality, I'm afraid. Last night he attacked me." Her lip quivered and she held her blouse up to show a dark blue rib cage. "His boot caused that," she whispered and continued speaking in short sentences to describe the violent beating.
"I have two weeks to find another hundred thousand dollars, or he'll come back and finish the job." She coughed, extracted a handkerchief and wiped blood from her lip, before her eyes focused on the lens. "But he won't ever touch me again, Lem, I can assure you that.
"'What happened?' you may ask. It was only a few days after I moved in with this monster that I found he was not the man I thought. I tried to cope in my usual way and gambled my savings away and more. Patrick paid my debts but after we broke up, demanded his money back. I never had the money, Lem. The extra I received when you bought out my shares in the factory would have just about cleared them."
Nikki attempted to smile but it became a scowl. "However, as you know, there was that shortfall when the value dropped. I blamed you at the time but now realize it was beyond your control. I would never have sold to Allied Pacific Manufacturing. I love our company too much to throw everything away. So what have I done? I declared myself bankrupt, so this wonderful house my video is being filmed in, the home we built together, is safe. I also updated my will. The house is yours, Lem, along with the few other personal items I still own. The necklace Patrick tried to get back was given to me. If you ever find it, it comes under the personal property category in the bankruptcy act, so he can't touch it…"
The woman continued speaking in a clear, precise voice with only brief stops to sip from a small glass of water or dab her bleeding lip. Finally, she smiled at the camera. "Have a good life, Lem. Renee, if you're watching this video, look after him. He is a wonderful man. I found that out when it was too late. I love you, Lem and always did. Please forgive me for what I am about to do but I don't want to carry on."
Nikki clicked the remote, the green light darkened and her repose dissolved. With tears streaming down her swollen face she stood and walked over to the liquor cabinet.
Shaking hands found the last bottle of gin, two mouthfuls were gulped down and she went to complete her assignment. She reached for a tiny sheet of scented yellow paper, wrote a brief note to Lem and tucked it in with the original video.
It was done.
Nikki put on a thick coat, gloves and a scarf. She methodically checked the house, set the alarm, locked the door and walked out to her car that waited in the drive.
Without looking back, she drove down the road, dropped her two packages off at a mailbox and headed for the interstate. It was a clear, cold afternoon and the winter sun dazzled her eyes, as she turned west. Nikki shrugged. One more inconvenience wouldn't affect her much longer.
*
She took the interchange from I-5 to I-90 over the floating bridge and headed east out of Seattle. Once a dozen miles beyond the urban area, traffic thinned sufficiently for her to achieve her objective.
She wiped her painful eye, reached for that ever-faithful bottle of gin and took one last mouthful. For a moment she savoured the rich, tantalizing taste and swallowed.
"I'm sorry, Lem," she said as she pulled to the fast lane and accelerated.
The modern automobile held the road well but floated when the speedometer touched ninety-five. In her last warped piece of determination, the woman wanted to reach a hundred. Her eyes glued on the road ahead and the dial edged over… ninety-eight, ninety-nine. Yes, one hundred.
A twenty-six-wheeled semi-unit swept into view on the adjacent lane. This would do.
Without hesitation Nikki Erksberg swung her vehicle across the lane, the outside wheels lifted and dropped with a shudder but she gripped the steering wheel and maintained control.
The huge silver vehicle towered in front. Nikki laughed in that last microsecond of her life when she noticed the speedometer hover on one hundred and five. Methodically, she steered the auto into the rear of the Mack semitrailer.
*
Lem answered the door of his apartment to find two police officers standing in the foyer.
"Mr. Lem Erksberg?" 
"Yes, Officer," Lem replied with anxiety. Renee still had not arrived home from Mount Vernon and ominous visions raced through his mind.
"Can we come inside, Lem?" The second officer, a woman about Renee's age spoke in a quiet professional voice.
"Of course." Lem showed the pair to the living room where Courtney was lying on her stomach surrounded by assignments. She glanced at the uniformed officers and paled.
"You can talk in front of Courtney," Lem whispered. "In fact, I would like to have her here, if that is possible."
The policeman looked at the girl and his colleague and nodded. "There's been an accident on I-90 involving a member of your family, sir."
Courtney gave a stifled gasp and Lem stood rigid. Thoughts evolved faster than words possibly could. The police officer's sentence was diagnosed and filtered, while adrenalin erupted in his veins and his heartbeat tripled. I-90, the words screamed in Lem's mind. Why would Renee be on the wrong side of the city? He hardly heard the rest of the conversation.
"Your wife, Lem" the policewoman said.
"My wife." Lem's voice shook as he stepped back, found an armchair and fell back into it. "You say my wife?"
"A woman we believe was Mrs. Nikki Erksberg was killed when her vehicle collided with a semitrailer, fourteen miles east of the city. We need you to come and identify her body."
Nikki! She said Nikki…not Renee. Lem's drained face quivered and he found Courtney's wide relieved eyes looking into his.
"It's Nikki, not Renee," she said.
"Yes," Lem replied in a monotone. He turned to the police officers. "Yes, I'll come with you." He turned to Courtney. "Will you stay here and tell Renee when she arrives?"
"Sure, Lem. You go ahead."
"Lem should be back within the hour," the policewoman said kindly. "Would you like me to stay with you?"
"No," Courtney replied. "I'll be fine. Renee is due home soon."
"Right," Lem said. He placed a hand on the girl's shoulder, squeezed it and followed the officers out of the apartment.
*
When Lem arrived home an hour and a half later he was met in the main foyer by Renee, her blue eyes filled with compassion. She walked up, slipped her arms under his, kissed him and thanked the officers for their help.
"Courtney told me," she said and held the trembling man, while he kissed the top of her hair and clutched her so tightly she could barely breathe.
"And was it Nikki?"
Lem nodded but could not bring himself to talk. His face was pallid and shoulders slumped as he rubbed his stubble chin into his lover's soft face and kissed her again.
"Come on, Sweetheart," Renee said. "Courtney has the elevator waiting. You know, she's prepared a meal for us."
"Bad, was it?" Courtney asked as Renee guided Lem into the elevator.
"Terrible," Lem muttered. "Far worse than anything I imagined. I could recognize only her hair and shape of her face…the rest was…" He swayed and only Renee's hug stopped him from falling.
"It's okay, Sweetheart," she whispered. "Don't talk about it."
When they reached the apartment, Lem attempted to smile at Courtney but he reacted to the vision of the remains of his wife and nausea swept over him.
"Excuse me." He gulped and rushed to the bathroom.
"Here sip this," Renee whispered a moment later and handed him a glass of wine. She held him in her arms until a he felt a little better and he told of the terrible mangled body that was once Nikki.
*
When the video arrived in the following day's mail, Lem read Nikki's note but refused to watch the tape until Renee arrived.
The pair discreetly waited until Courtney went out with Linda and Ken before they watched the video in grim silence. At the conclusion, Lem turned the machine off and though it was close to freezing outside, walked to the apartment's balcony. Renee followed to comfort him.
"It was like a ghost talking to me," he stated after Renee persuaded him to return to the warmth of the apartment. "I saw her battered body yesterday and today she was talking to me. She looked terrible but she was alive. If only she had sent the tape first and waited, I could have helped her." He swung around. "Why didn't I help her when she came pleading to me? I could have paid her debts and found the necklace. She could still be alive right now."
"You don't know that," Renee replied. "You may have prevented it, or she may have done it in a week or a month. Don't blame yourself."
She placed an arm on Lem's shoulder but he did not turn as he usually did to hug her. Instead he stared at the darkened television screen in silence.
"She may have been drunk," Renee persisted.
"No, Sweetheart," Lem said and held Renee's hand. "She had alcohol in her bloodstream but it was below the legal limit, enough to indicate she was not drunk. It was suicide and not an accident."
"How do you know?"
"The police said there were no skid marks behind the semitrailer. Her car ran straight into the rear at such a speed the momentum carried it into the rear axle." He turned and his voice broke. "The police said she would have been dead before the wheels squashed the car. She was barely recognizable, Renee but came back again on this video."
"And you still loved her?" Renee added and bit her lower lip.
Lem glanced up but said nothing.
"Did you still love her, Lem?" Renee cried. Her own eyes filled with tears, while his remained dry.
Lem turned and pulled her against his chest. "No, Renee. I love you. I told you after we were rescued from the cave. That was the truth then and still is. When we were first married I loved Nikki but that was a long time ago. You are the woman I love and need." He reached down, kissed her lips and for the first time his eyes moistened. "Can we go to bed?"
"Yes," Renee whispered, took Lem's hand and led him to the darkened room.
*
Fifteen minutes later there was a tap on the door. Courtney, still dressed in her street clothes, walked in, saw the blankets strewn across the floor and hastily retreated. Lem flushed but Renee recovered, dressed, threw Lem his pyjamas and stuck her head out the door.
"Come in, Courtney," she said.
The girl looked across the corridor with an ashen face. "The videotape was in the player. Oh Renee, I saw it." She burst into tears. "I couldn't watch it all."
"We were talking about it," Renee replied. "What say we all have coffee in the kitchen and help one another get through this."
"If you want me." Courtney smiled through her tears.
"We do," Lem interrupted from the bedroom door. 
He stepped forward, tucked his arms around them both and kissed them affectionately on the hair.
*
Courtney opened her eyes and wondered where she was. It was dark, she could hear the faint sound of a music CD turned low and felt the presence of people. It wasn't an ominous feeling.
Were they back in the cave?
They never had the CD there. She forced one eye open and could see lights ahead. Her head was leaning against somebody and an arm was around her shoulders. For a second she froze. Someone was touching her. It wasn't Renee. She knew that. She jerked awake and remembered she was in the middle of the front seat in the Cadillac. She could see Lem's bulky figure to her left, so he couldn't be holding her.
"Are you awake, Courtney?" a new voice said. The hand around her shoulder moved away. "You fell asleep on my shoulder."
"For the last fifty miles," Lem added. "We're past Burlington and heading up the valley."
Courtney looked right and saw Ken's self-conscious face. "You don't need to move your arm, Ken," she said in a soft voice.
It was the first time Ken had accompanied them back to the farm for the weekend. The blonde girl smiled. It was so secure between the two men. She reached up and squeezed Ken's hand when he returned it to her shoulder.
"You'll like Renee's dad and Diane," she said as her eyes met Ken's.
"We're here," Lem added. He turned the Cadillac into the long driveway.
Renee's car was already parked in the open barn and floodlights flashed on. Lem drove in beside the Cavalier and the trio walked across the yard to where Renee waited under the veranda.
"Ken," she said. "So Courtney did persuade you to come. I'm thrilled. She gets tired of having only us oldies around for two days."
"Yeah, I do." Courtney lied, flashed Renee a thank you smile and grinned at the boy standing shyly at the step bottom. "Come on, Ken. I'll introduce you to Jack and Diane."
*
An hour later the delicious supper Diane had cooked was over. Courtney and Ken, accompanied by Zona, disappeared into the sitting room to listen to a new CD.
"I wouldn't have believed it," Jack commented. "Courtney and a young lad. Very pleasant boy, too, though he doesn't say much."
"Give him time, Dad." Renee laughed and turned to the older woman smiling at her. "How was your week, Diane?"
"We're both fine," Diane replied and turned to Lem. "We're so sorry to hear about the accident and loss of your wife, Lem. Is there more we can do?"
Lem smiled. "We're fine. I'll be glad when Monday's funeral is over though. The delay because of the police pathologist's late release of Nikki's body didn't help but they couldn't be more helpful." He kissed her cheek. "Friends like you and Jack make it so much easier."
Jack and Diane had rung them three times after having been told the tragic news. There was not a lot they could do but Lem valued their concern and kindness. After hearing Courtney was deeply affected by Nikki's suicide, it was Diane who made the suggestion that Ken should be invited to the farm, so the teenager could have some company.
"There's one little item," Jack said.
"Yes," Renee replied and couldn't hide the twinkle in her eye.
"You know, don't you, Sweetheart," Jack retorted.
"Know what, Daddy?" the redhead replied. "You mean having Diane's car in the barn has a special significance?"
"My God, the modern generation. To us, it is a big step to live together. One didn't do those things in the sixties and seventies."
"But it's the new millennium, Daddy." Renee laughed. She winked at Lem. Her father was quite a heartthrob with two women in less than a year.
"You don't mind?" Diane said timidly. "My son took a bit of convincing."
"That little runt I used to boss around on the school bus," Renee said. "I see I'll need to have a word with him." She noticed her neighbour looked apprehensive and hastily added. "Diane, I'm thrilled. It should have happened years ago."
It was good to be home on the farm for the weekend. The years of security this old building offered made the tragic week easier to bear. Her hand slipped into Lem's and their eyes met. She was certain he felt the same.
*

 CHAPTER 18
The crematorium was full with family, friends and business associates paying their respects to the woman who died in such tragic circumstances. Jack and Diane were among the mourners and Lem was surprised to see that Ken accompanied Courtney. The young guy showed compassion and thoughtfulness often missing in one so young.
After the service Lem took his position outside the main doors to have a few words with those who wanted to offer their personal sympathy, while Renee and the others waited across the lawn.
One middle-aged gentleman dressed in a dark suit and hat caught his eye. He was unknown to Lem but looked distressed, a solitary figure away from the clusters of mourners spread across the forecourt. Lem excused himself from an acquaintance and walked over.
"Good morning," he said and introduced himself.
The man looked up and wiped red eyes with a crisp white handkerchief. "Hello Lem," he said in a hushed voice. "The service was beautiful. Pastor Vinay has just the right touch for this sort of tragedy, doesn't he?"
"He does." Lem agreed and wondered what to say next.
"We did meet once at one of Nikki's staff dinners but I don't suppose you remember me," the man continued.
"I am afraid not." Lem apologized.
"Pat McQuilkin," the man said.
It was as if a lightning bolt hit. Patrick McQuilkin, that woman beater and big-time swindler, was this distressed gentleman. Lem's thoughts must have shown in his face because his companion gazed inquisitively at him.
"Are there problems, Lem?" he asked in a sympathetic voice. "I'm sorry. This is your wife's funeral and having someone like me here must be an embarrassment. I was under the impression Nikki and you were divorced when we began…err…our affair."
Lem swallowed. His mind raced and he realized something wasn't quite right. This man's attitude was wrong. If he had been responsible for that massive attack on Nikki, why would he come to her funeral? Why did his body language portray someone in deep distress?
"I'm sorry," Pat McQuilkin said and squeezed Lem's arm. "I shouldn't have come to this family service. I can see you're overwrought."
Lem forced his surprised expression into a slight smile and replied. "No, it's me who should apologize. It's just that everything I'd heard made me build up a different picture of you. You're welcome and I appreciate the effort you made to come." What now? There was too big a mystery to let McQuilkin drift away. "Tell me," he hastily continued and tried to make his voice sound casual. "When was the last time you saw Nikki?"
Pat rubbed his chin as if deep in thought. "Quite a while." He frowned. "Now I remember. You were on the national news when you survived that cave disaster, weren't you?"
"Yes."
"It was before that." He sighed and stared over Lem's shoulders. "Our relationship was over but I was an old man who tried to cling. She walked out and said she was going back to you. Did this happen?"
"No," Lem replied cautiously. "I had another partner by that time."
Either this man was one confident con artist, or he was telling the truth.
"Have you seen her recently?" Pat inquired. Again, his voice showed genuine empathy.
"Off and on." Lem decided to take a gamble. "She had some sort of debt and told me you helped her out."
Patrick shrugged. "She went to Atlanta and ran up massive gambling debts," he said in a quiet voice. "I settled them for her. She had become quite distressed."
"Quite?" Lem pressed.
"Okay." The man fixed Lem with a firm gaze. "We're not fooling each other, are we, Lem. She had a drinking problem and this led to the other things. I thought I could help her and did for a while, then she…" He stopped and stared back at the crematorium before continuing. "I guess to her, I was just an old man with money."
"And the diamond necklace?" Lem cut in.
"I gave her one, yes," Pat replied without hesitating. "I suppose she told you I asked for it back."
"She came looking for it," Lem told a half-truth. 
Patrick nodded. "She told me it was lost but I didn't believe her. If you find it amongst her personal items, I would appreciate having it returned. It is a family heirloom with more sentimental than monetary value."
"Certainly." 
Their conversation was interrupted when Renee walked across the lawn and stood quietly beside the pair. She gave an apologetic smile to McQuilkin and turned to Lem. "Sorry, Dear. There's another old aunt of yours who would like to have a few words."
"Sure, Renee," Lem replied and turned back to Patrick. "I must go but why don't you come up to the house? We have refreshments there for the mourners. The address is on the service song sheet."
"I'd like that." He shook Lem's hand again, raised his hat to Renee and walked to a large cream automobile parked in the far corner of the lot.
"There's no aunt. I just thought you might want to be rescued," Renee said when the man was out of earshot. She grinned. "A true gentleman who owns a Rolls Royce. Is he an old relation or business acquaintance?"
"Neither," Lem replied in a neutral voice. "That was Patrick McQuilkin."
"What?" Renee gasped.
"And I have a feeling Nikki's video was a figment of her imagination."
"Rubbish. There was no way she could have faked those wounds, Lem."
"Oh, that part's true but I don't think Patrick did it."
"Why?" Renee turned and watched the Rolls Royce drive away. "Just because he acted like a gentleman."
"No, it was more than that," Lem replied. "Everything pointed to a person genuinely distressed. I'm usually a good judge of character and fed in a few pointed questions. Even his explanation of why he wanted the necklace returned sounded authentic."
Renee glared at him. "You asked him about that diamond necklace?"
"Well, why not?"
Renee relaxed and smiled. "Okay, Lem. It makes everything a mystery though, doesn't it?"
"Yes. I've invited him up to Nikki's house."
"Our house," Renee corrected. "Remember, we're moving in next week."
"Oh, you little money-grabber." Lem laughed and kissed her forehead. "Anyway, why don't you drift up and get Patrick McQuilkin involved in a conversation. We can compare notes afterwards. Don't mention the video, though and warn Courtney about him. She's well-meaning but could spout something."
*
By early afternoon, the mourners had departed and the family was alone in the kitchen of the house that had reverted to Lem's ownership. After saying farewell to Jack and Diane with a promise to be back at the farm early on Friday, they sat down.
"Can I show Ken around now, Lem?" Courtney asked. "After all, if Linda and him are going to come and stay here with me, we'll need to pick our bedrooms."
"All separate." Lem warned her and received a sharp blow across his shoulders.
"Cheeky." Courtney ran to where Ken waited. "Lem said we could have the whole top floor," she said in a voice loud enough for Ken to hear.
"Did you?" Renee asked with raised eyebrows.
"Not really but it's not a bad idea," Lem replied with a shrug. "The upstairs is self-contained with a little kitchen unit. The downstairs bedroom has never been used, so it can be ours."
"Are you uncomfortable about returning?" Renee asked quietly. 
"Not really," Lem replied and changed the topic. "You certainly got Patrick McQuilkin talking. What were your impressions?"
"Like yours," Renee said in a serious voice. "He is either an extremely good actor or Nikki lied."
"But why would she bother if she was going to kill herself? It doesn't make sense."
"Perhaps she believed it herself," Renee suggested. "She was attacked and perhaps, in her mind, it was Patrick who did it."
"Or someone he employed." He sighed. "I don't know. Honestly, I don't."
"So we find someone who can help us," Renee said. "At work we have contact with excellent private investigators."
"I don't know."
"Well, we can't forget about it. Nikki was attacked and under considerable duress. We thought Patrick McQuilkin was responsible but now have our doubts. If it wasn't him, then it was someone else."
"Okay," Lem said, "but keep it discreet and don't run up big expenses. It's too late for Nikki now."
"Lawyers are always discreet, Sweetheart."
She leaned back in her chair, sipped the coffee and gazed around the huge ranch-style kitchen. Courtney's squeal of delight filtered down the stairwell and Lem lapsed into silence. It was good to have the funeral behind them.
*
Cameron Lowe was like the private detectives often portrayed in cheap paperbacks. His clothes were casual as was his body language when he sat down.
"Two nights before her death," he began in a slow voice, "Nikki Erksberg was attacked at two in the morning in one of the less desirable parts of town. She was found distressed and wandering, then taken to an emergency clinic for treatment. The medical report states there was sperm on her body and clothes. The police wanted to investigate the incident as a possible rape but she refused to file a complaint. At the time of this attack Patrick McQuilkin was in New York. I can find no evidence that any of his associates or employees were involved. He is a ruthless businessman but never steps over the line."
"Have you anything else?" Renee asked.
"Yes," Cameron said and turned a page of his report. "Nikki was a patient in the Bayview Sanatorium for patients with emotional problems but discharged herself before her six-week treatment was finished. That was awhile back." He grimaced. "The clinic is tight-lipped about her stay and refuses to release information. I do know she left with one of the male patients, a Templeton James Sanders. The police are looking for Sanders for a series con jobs involving women but he has disappeared. It is believed he preyed on women at this clinic by posing as a rich businessman recovering from a breakdown. The local authority is investigating the sanatorium for a list of improprieties stretching back several years and their license may be suspended."
Renee screwed up her nose but made no comment as she read the three pages Cameron handed to her. "It all fits in. Have you anything about the necklace, Cameron?"
"McQuilkin told only part of the story. It was indeed a family heirloom as he said but it's worth over quarter a million dollars. His insurance won't pay out since they are querying whether it was a gift or loaned to Nikki. I guess with her death, it will be impossible to prove either way."
"Thank you. As usual, you've been thorough."
"Yes," Cameron replied and grinned. "I've billed the firm and an itemized invoice is enclosed. There's the usual company discount, of course."
"So there should be, after all the work we send your way," Renee answered with a smile. 
After he left, Renee reread the report, jotted down several side notes and rang Lem's office.
"It sounds as if Nikki was making up the part about Patrick," Lem said after Renee read him the relevant sections from the report. "It sounds typical. Patrick McQuilkin became a convenient scapegoat to play to my sympathy. If she'd only been honest I could have helped her."
"Possibly but I doubt it. "
*
It was after five-thirty and Renee had slipped her coat on when Annette walked in with a mysterious expression.
"We need to have an extraordinary board meeting," she said.
"When?" Renee grumbled. This was the last thing she wanted at the moment.
"Now will do," Annette responded. "We only need to approve a small item. I'd do it but as majority proxy shareholder you have the right to veto my recommendation."
"Go on." Renee sighed. She took off her coat again and sat down.
"There is a buyer for William Junior's shares. He wants to buy the total twenty percent and has offered the current share price. William has accepted but needs the board's approval and that is you."
"Is it another law firm?"
"Nope," Annette replied. "A retired farmer."
"What?"
"Yes, a guy called Jack Bonnett. Ever heard of him?"
"Dad...but how can he?"
"It seems he sold the farm to a neighbour."
"Oh, my God, the old devil. He never said a word."
"So I guess we become Usborne, Bonnett and Bonnett now," Annette said with a chuckle.
"So this can be an official board meeting?"
"It can."
"I would, therefore, like to abstain from casting a vote."
Annette frowned. "You can't do that, Renee."
"Oh, I can. I have a conflict of interest."
"Okay. I contacted the minority shareholders and have their proxy votes." She reached in her satchel and brought out a wad of papers. "William is entitled to one last vote and his proxy is added to my twenty percent and the minority shareholders. It comes to, now let me see…" She licked a finger, thumbed through the papers, grabbed a pencil and jotted the numbers on a sheet of paper. "You abstained, three voted against and forty-two voted for accepting Mr. Bonnett's offer. I declare the said gentleman the owner of twenty percent of our company."
"I'm going to have to speak to my father. He loved the farm. It wasn't necessary to do this."
"Can I bring up one more item before we close the meeting?" Annette asked without even a glint of a smile.
"What now?" Renee glowered.
"I want to table the motion that we employ another lawyer to replace William Junior."
"Okay," Renee replied. "I second the motion and vote in favour but have a funny feeling I've been conned into all this."
"It's all legal." Annette laughed for the first time. "Jack gave me special orders to say nothing."
"And you don't mind?"
"Not at all. Jack stated he'd be a sleeping partner."
"But to sell the farm," Renee repeated. "The old sod."
*
Three weeks later a fresh-faced but highly qualified young woman joined the firm of Usborne and Bonnett. Like Renee a few years earlier, Suzanne Norwood's enthusiasm was infectious but unlike Renee's arrival, the new girl's youthful vigour was encouraged and accepted.
In many ways, though physically different, Suzanne reminded Renee of herself. The chubby brunette was quiet but confident. She was popular with the office staff and the firm, now entirely female, moved forward without traditional hierarchy. Even Annette, after a few gentle reminders, realized Suzanne did not need to be treated like an office girl.
Renee's concern about the farm weren't realized when she found Jack had retained the house and two home fields. The major change was for Diane, who moved out of her home to live with Jack. Phil and his family shifted into her house and he became manager of his mother's property.
Back in Seattle, Courtney, Linda and Ken took over the top floor of the house but Courtney spent more time downstairs than up and much to Lem's annoyance, the quad speakers ended up in the lounge.
"Courtney doesn't want you to feel left out, Sweetheart." Renee chuckled after the final wiring was completed and the teenagers disappeared upstairs to get some CDs.
"Thanks," Lem muttered. "Music seems to be the one thing that doesn't transcend the generations. In my day…"
"If you loop me in with the Beatles and Elvis, I'll scream," Renee retorted.
Lem broke into a grin. "I'm not that old." He lunged at her.
Renee anticipated his move, ducked beneath his arm and ran, laughing, up the stairs with Lem in hot pursuit.
*

CHAPTER 19
The late season snow hit Seattle with vengeance but Lem and the three teenagers managed to make it to the farm before the valley road was closed. Courtney, Ken and Linda, who had joined them for the weekend, revelled in the winter activities. By midmorning a massive snowman sat on the front lawn and the trio had departed with three toboggans to slide down a hill at the back of Diane's property.
The trudge up the slope was difficult but the resulting drop looked exhilarating.
"It's steep," Linda said doubtfully as she gazed at Phil's farmhouse below.
Even Ken seemed reluctant to try the slope. "Perhaps we should try the other side first." He nodded to a gentle section on the other side.
"Well, I'm going here," Courtney announced. "Back home in the east we did this every year."
She lay on the toboggan with her arms and legs overlapping and pushed off. For a second, the sled hardly moved but suddenly pivoted down the steep section and Courtney accelerated at an enormous speed. She screamed in exhilaration as the runners bounced over the icy surface, hit a small mound and tumbled sideways into a snowdrift. 
Courtney scrambled to her feet, brushed snow off and waved at the two tiny figures up the hill. "Come on," she screamed.
Ken's journey followed the tracks left by Courtney's toboggan and if anything, was faster and more controlled. He tore by Courtney and bounced another twenty yards, before he, too, lost control. He went one way, the toboggan the opposite and both ended in snowdrifts.
Courtney was about to slide over when she glanced up to see Linda sliding down the icy surface in a perfect manoeuvre to scream past them all to a ladylike stop well beyond Ken.
The three met, laughing and headed back up the hill.
"I'll outdistance you this time." Courtney bragged and launched herself into a power dive. The toboggan shot down the well-marked track in a hum of metal against ice. She hit the same mound as the first time, toppled and crashed ten yards short of Linda's distance.
For two hours they tobogganed and had the inevitable snowball fights before another black cloud appeared, the heavens opened and a fresh batch of snow came tumbling down. The trio staggered, exhausted but happy, across the road and into Jack's cellar.
"My God," Courtney gasped as she peeled off a layer of wet clothes and held her frozen hands in front of the furnace door. "I reckon I've bruised every bone in my body."
"Then have a spa," Renee cut in.
"All of us?" Linda replied and glanced at a drenched Ken, whose cold cheeks reddened slightly.
"You two go," he muttered as if he'd realized for the first time he was a different gender from his friends.
"There's no need," Renee said. "I've got some old bathing suits upstairs the girls can fit into and I'm sure we can find something for you, Ken."
The tiny room was constructed like a log cabin with exposed beams and wooden decking around a four-leaf clover shaped spa. Renee had anticipated their arrival, for the covers had been removed and steam rose from the hot bubbling water. Heat from the adjacent furnace made the enclosure akin to a sauna and for the weary, cold teenagers, this was frosting on chocolate cake.
Renee returned a few moments later with towels and suits. "They may be old fashioned but who's to see. Dad even built a changing room for girls and boys at the back. When I was a teenager my friends and I spent hours here." She grinned. "I reckon it was the attraction rather than me."
*
"This is the life." Courtney sighed a few moments later as she leaned back in her corner and allowed the bubbles to flow around her body. 
"It is," Linda replied. "Fancy, it's snowing outside and in here we could be in Hawaii." She flicked water at Ken, who leaned back and shut his eyes. "What are you dreaming about?"
Ken opened his eyes and smiled at the girls. "How great everyone is." 
"Thanks, Ken," Courtney said with a laugh. "You aren't too bad either." She studied her friend and saw that he wasn't speaking in jest. "Oh Ken," she continued in a hushed voice. "Have you had a bad time?"
Ken glanced up and nodded. "Pretty tough."
"Me too," Linda added in a serious voice. "I hated everyone before I enrolled at Northside College but they helped me so much. Now, I'm here with you two."
"Do you want to talk about it?" Courtney asked. "I ran away, you know." She glanced at the others and began to talk. The words flowed about her life, how Renee and Lem helped her and her gradual recovery. "I think of Renee, Lem and Jack as my real family now."
"You can't pick your own family, can you?" Ken said softly.
"No," Linda agreed. Her eyes were wide and her chin trembled slightly. "When it came to the crunch, instead of helping, my parents kicked me out."
"Why?" Courtney gasped.
"I got pregnant and my parents wouldn't allow me to have an abortion." The girl's voice quivered but she kept talking. "They're religious and oppose abortions. 'You got yourself in this trouble, girl,' my father said. 'It is God's will that you bring your child into this world.' The bastard."
"But you had one," Courtney said.
"Yes." Linda brushed a wet hand over her face and sighed. "I was determined not to have my life ruined and approached a school nurse for help. She referred me to a clinic and in the end, a judge made me a state ward and signed the papers allowing it to go through."
"No regrets?" Ken asked.
"No," Linda replied and bit her lip. "It may sound callous, my parents called me a murderer but I made my decision and stuck to it."
"What'd your parents do then?" Courtney said.
"They disowned and won't speak with me." Linda's voice broke but she swallowed and looked at her friends. "I dropped out of school and was an emotional wreck for a while. The state agency I was assigned to got me into Northside. I'm really only a junior but as you know they start only with seniors. I will repeat it next year if I don't graduate."
"But you will," Ken added. "I know your grades. You're one of our top students."
"Thanks Ken," Linda whispered. "I hope I do."
"And you, Ken?" Courtney asked. 
Ken looked around the steamy room. "There's so much love here. I have never had as much fun as we're having now. I finally believe there are decent people in this world."
"I know how you feel," Courtney added. "You should have seen me before I met Renee and Lem." She smiled. "You know, Lem touched me on the arm in the cave and I went ballistic and practically accused him of coming on to me."
"Were you attacked or raped, Ken?" Linda said in a blunt voice. "It must be terrible for a male."
"No," Ken said and shook his head. "Only violence. Back as far as I remember my father thrashed me for the slightest thing." He passed a hand across his eyes and looked at the girls.
"Go on," Courtney said.
"My father was violent with Mom, too. She withdrew into herself, accepted the punishment he dealt out and never tried to help me. It was as if she regarded physical violence as natural. Last year I decided to break the cycle and promised myself I'd never hurt another person but it was difficult."
"To realize everything you learned as a child isn't normal is hard," Linda whispered. "It's hard to change."
"But you did, Ken," Courtney said.
"Yeah," Ken replied. "That's why I don't relate to the guys. One called me a nerd because I won't play football or basketball. I felt different and lonely." The last word could hardly be heard against the bubbling water sounds. "Then Granny approached and told me the new girl needed a buddy and here we are."
"The three dropouts," Linda lamented.
"No," corrected Courtney. "The survivors."
The three lapsed into thoughtful silence, lay with their heads back and stared at the wooden beams overhead.
"We've gotten serious, haven't we?" Ken interrupted. 
"Yeah," Linda replied, "but I'm glad we talked."
"Because we're friends," Courtney added. 
*
Upstairs, Renee watched Diane bring a gigantic pie out of the oven. The older woman was strangely quiet as if there was something on her mind.
"What is it Diane?" Renee asked.
"Is it so obvious?"
"That you're nervous. It is. If you have a problem, tell me. We've been friends and neighbours as long as I can remember."
"But this is different," Diane confessed. "I mean with your dad and me."
"So you're living with Dad. He hardly limps now and I've never seen him looking so happy."
"He wants to marry me," Diane blurted out and stood as still as a statue with her eyes on Renee.
"And you don't?" Renee answered with a puzzled look.
"I do," Diane whispered. "I want to marry Jack more than I want anything in life but you're so close to him. I don't want to come between you both." She placed the pie on the bench and glanced away. "I think I've loved your father for years, Renee."
"Then marry him with my blessing." 
"So you don't mind?"
"Course not. Frankly, I think Dad is lucky." She screwed up her nose. "I have to admit I wasn't impressed with Amy. Courtney reckoned her grandmother was only after his money."
Diane smiled but made no comment.
"Oh Diane," Renee continued. "When do you plan the big day?"
"Soon." Diane smiled. "We feel uncomfortable living together. My parents would have called it living in sin."
"Yes, the hypocritical fifties. God, I'm glad I'm alive now and not then."
"I suppose. I really grew up in the sixties when we were all becoming more assertive."
Renee grinned. "I'm glad you two are getting married, Diane."
"Thanks," Diane replied. "And for the woman to woman talk, too. It's good to just chat." She glanced up when she heard voices from the stairs. "The troops are coming, I believe."
Courtney and her friends bounded in, dressed and fresh. "We're having another toboggan run after lunch." She looked into Renee's eyes. "And you can come, too."
"Why not?" Renee agreed and smiled at Courtney's surprised look. "I used to toboggan down Diane's hill every time it snowed. Tell me, did you manage to avoid that little hump three quarters of the way down?"
"She didn't." Linda laughed. "Ran slap bang into it."
"Only the first time." 
"It was a spectacular crash." Ken chuckled. 
"Traitor," Courtney retorted and dug him in the ribs. "You wait. I'll show you next time."
*
"Renee," Diane said later that evening after the teenagers had retreated to watch television. "Will you be my bridesmaid?"
"If you really want me," Renee replied. "But I was thinking of someone who'd be enraptured to be asked."
"Courtney."
Renee nodded. "Just a suggestion. As I said, I'd be thrilled to do it if you really prefer me but..." She stopped when Diane laughed. "Okay, what did I say?"
"Oh, nothing. You said what Jack predicted you would."
"And you don't mind?"
"No. It solves a small problem, actually. I have a feeling that Phil's wife, Leanne, would be envious if you were asked and she wasn't. If I have Courtney, she won't mind. Trying to please everyone can be hard at my age."
Later in the evening, Renee heard a yell of excitement from the other room and not one but two teenage girls came rushing in. "Do you know what's happened?" Courtney gasped, while Linda stood back with a wide smile.
"No." Renee replied in an innocent voice. "But I'm sure you're going to tell me."
"Diane wants us to be bridesmaids," Linda interrupted. "Both of us."
"I see," Renee replied. "Both of you, what did you say?"
Courtney stared at Renee and frowned. "You had a say in this, didn't you? I can tell by your condescending tone."
Renee laughed. "I can honestly say I had no idea Diane was going to ask you both to be her bridesmaids."
Later Diane confessed she never had the heart to ask Courtney in front of Linda, so had dashed off to confer with Jack about what to do. "He said to ask them both. Lem's agreed to be our best man, so Jack asked Ken to be his second groomsman." 
"And what did Ken say?" Renee asked.
"Well, you know young men. He reckoned he'd have to think about it but changed his mind when he heard who the bridesmaids were. I think he's as thrilled as the girls but doesn't like to admit it.
*
Jack and Diane were married a month later in a local valley church with their small family wedding a large event. The bridesmaids in long sky blue frocks and the bride in traditional white stole the afternoon but in Courtney's eyes, Ken's crisp grey suit was every bit as attractive.
"Well, Sweetheart," Jack said to Renee later in the evening at the old-style district dance that followed the reception. "It's your turn now."
"Yeah, I guess, Dad but at the moment with my career and Lem's business..."
"I know." Jack chuckled. "As long as you're happy, Sweetheart." He turned as Diane stepped up and slipped an arm through his.
"Did you see Courtney?"
"No," Renee replied.
"She's dragged poor Ken onto the dance floor but I admit he's doing pretty well."
"I noticed Linda is fighting the boys off," Jack added. "She's a real heartthrob isn't she?"
Renee glanced across the dance floor to where the younger guests had taken over. Someone changed the CD, so disco music blared. The volume had been turned up, coloured lights flashed and hot bodies pulsed the beat. In the middle was Linda, shoes and jersey gone, holding the bridesmaid's gown up, so she wouldn't trip over herself. Further out, Courtney and Ken could be seen chatting as they danced.
"Aye, Diane, I think it's time we left," Jack said. "I love having these young ones around but can do without their music."
*

CHAPTER 20
Though it had been at the back of her mind all week, it was after midnight when Courtney decided she wanted Ken. She had stuck to fruit juice all evening and in her wicked scheming, encouraged her friends to sip wine from the flasks that peppered every table. Ken needed to overcome his shyness. She wanted Linda out of the way.
Her plans almost ran awry when the younger girl staggered into the ladies' powder room, violently ill.
"Oh shit," the youngster muttered. "I feel terrible."
Courtney coughed and felt ashamed. What had she done? Because of her selfishness, anything could have happened to Linda. Any of the boys hanging around could have taken advantage and the poor girl would not have remembered what happened.
She filled a tumbler with water and handed it to Linda. "Look, sit here. Don't leave. Understand? I'll go and find Renee."
"Sure, Courtney." Linda plunked herself down in an unladylike fashion on a small wooden stool in the corner.
"Oh hell," Courtney replied and slipped out, straight into a youth waiting outside. "What are you, some sort of pervert?" she yelled. "Go on…get home. Linda's not coming out."
He grinned sheepishly. "Right, Courtney. Well, I suppose I'd better go. Tell Linda I'll give her a call tomorrow."
"Sure, now go." Courtney looked around the hall where the few remaining guests were cleaning up. Ken and Lem had a broom and were helping Renee sweep litter and downed streamers into a pile.
"Renee, get over here!" Courtney hissed. 
"What is it?" She was a little tipsy but by no means drunk.
"Linda's been as sick as a dog. I reckon she needs to get home. If one of those guys offers to give her a lift, anything could happen."
Renee nodded. "Oh hell. I should have watched her."
She brushed past Courtney to where the girl still sat on the stool with her head between her hands. After guiding the youngster to an adjacent medical room and laying her down, she returned and swept annoyed eyes over the blonde girl. 
"What are you doing, Courtney?" she accused. "Linda doesn't usually drink and I noticed Ken is in little better condition. Yet you're stone cold sober."
"Nothing," the girl muttered and glanced at the floor.
Silence reined before Courtney glanced up to find her companion's eyes focused on her. "I meant no harm. I just want to…oh hell, you know."
"Go to bed with Ken and thought Linda would be in the way?"
"Something like that?"
"And is Ken in on this little scheme?"
Courtney shook her head.
"Well, don't you think he should be consulted?"
"He's ready. He's had a stiff dick all night."
"Oh, Courtney." Renee sighed and warmth returned to her eyes. "You're a beautiful young woman, so it's only natural he's aroused. That doesn't mean he'll come onto you."
"Isn't that what it's all about?"
"If you want a one night stand, yes. If there's more to it and I believe there is, what's the hurry?"
Courtney pouted. "Because I'm scared Renee. I love Ken. Part of me wants it to happen, while a second part makes me shudder in pain and revulsion. Memories of what Jake did come back. If I don't try, I'll never know." She blinked her moistened eyes. "You and Lem are at it all the time and seem happy afterwards. Tell me, it is always painful?"
"No." Renee spent several minutes explaining things that books or magazines rarely mentioned, the difference between love and the physical act. "Are you prepared?"
Courtney dug her hand into a pocket of her bridesmaid's dress and pulled out a package containing a condom. "Yes," she whispered.
"Good," Renee replied. "And where were you going to do it?"
The girl shrugged. "The Mustang, I guess."
"It's freezing outside, Courtney. My advice is to see what Ken wants and consider his needs. If he agrees, go back to the farm and use your bed. I'll keep Linda here. It will be an hour or more before we get everything tidied up." She placed her arm on Courtney's shoulder. "Remember, Ken has emotions to cope with, too. If nothing happens, it's not because he doesn't love you. In fact, it's probably the opposite."
"So you don't object?"
"You're an adult, Courtney. You can make up your own mind on these matters."
"But would you do it if you were me?"
"Probably," Renee admitted in a hushed voice. "In many ways the decision you're making is the same as when I was in the cave with Lem."
Courtney broke into a smile and hugged her friend. "Thanks, Renee. I'll apologize to Linda in the morning. It's not that we aren't good friends..."
"I know," Renee replied.
*
Courtney hardly said a word as she drove the Mustang back to the farm but she could feel her heart thumping in her rib cage. Ken sat beside her, looking as nervous as she felt.
They drove into the barn and walked through the chilly darkness to the house. It was only after they reached the kitchen when Ken wrapped an arm around her. She turned and cuddled against his chest, smiled and pretended not to notice his expanded fly.
"Ken." She gulped. "Let's go to the bedroom." She took the condom from her pocket and handed it to him. "Put this on. I want you to make love to me."
Ken held the package and flushed. "You do?"
"Of course. Why not?" Courtney retorted, then remembered Renee's words and grabbed both his hands. "I love you, Ken and I want you. But if this isn't the right time, I can wait."
"Of course I do," he stuttered. "It's just that I thought…"
"Don't think. Just act," Courtney whispered and led him to the bedroom.
*
After a frenzied session of lovemaking Renee awoke to find Lem snoring beside her. It was Sunday morning so there was one more day to relax before the onslaught of another week. She slipped out of the sheets and into her pyjamas, before she headed to the bathroom. The shower was running behind a closed door, so she tapped on it.
"Can I come in?"
"There was a rattle of a latch being slid back, the door opened and Linda stood there with a towel around herself.
"I'm so sorry, Renee," she said. "I remember being sick in that toilet then I woke up in Ken's bed. That scared the shit out of me until I realized he wasn't there." She glanced up. "Where is he, anyhow?"
"With Courtney in your room."
"They haven't…"
"Probably."
Linda frowned. "And what happened to me?"
"Nothing. We brought you home and tucked you in bed. How are you feeling?"
Linda grinned. "A thumping great headache but it serves me right. Apart from that end bit, I really enjoyed yesterday. You know, I felt really important when I stood in that church beside Jack and Diane."
"You were," Renee said. "Look, the whole house will be snoring for hours yet. I was going to take Zona for a morning walk, along one of the trails at the back of the farm. Would you like to come?"
The sixteen-year-old smiled. "I'd love to. Here, slip into the shower, while I dress."
*
Twenty minutes later an excited dog ran ahead of the pair up the hill. A mist from earlier had lifted and water dripped from the foliage. They trudged forward in silence and savoured the moment, before chatting. Renee explained what had happened but instead of being annoyed, Linda chuckled.
"I knew she was thinking of doing it but she seemed afraid. Spiking my drink, though. That was a bit over the limit. All she needed to do was give me a shove and I would have disappeared."
"What about Mark?" Renee asked cautiously.
Linda screwed up her nose. "Mark. Who's he?"
"The boy you were dancing half the night with ...one of Diane's nephews."
Linda gasped. "I don't remember him." She flushed. "Did I do anything stupid?"
"No." Renee laughed. "Just danced in your stocking feet, that's all. You were the life of the party for a while."
"I've been merry before but never had this happen." She patted Zona's head and stared over the damp valley. "I don't want it to happen again. How can people call it fun if they have no memory of what they did?"
"Beats me," Renee replied. "That's life, I guess."
She glanced at the girl and compared her with Courtney. In many ways, the two were the same; they had been caught up in situations beyond their control and had attempted to cope. Linda was more serious than Courtney but also appeared to be coming to grips with her life.
"It's so beautiful out here in the country," Linda whispered. "And at this time of day everything is peaceful. It makes me want to forget the terrible things that go on."
"Yes," Renee replied. "I was brought up in the valley but still enjoy the tranquillity of a morning like this." She turned and watched as Zona tore off to chase something in the nearby trees. 
"Renee," Linda continued in a serious but hesitant voice. "Can you help me?"
The older woman turned and studied her young companion. The girl stared out at the panorama below but her thoughts were elsewhere.
"Of course. I'll help in any way I can. What's the problem?"
"Not personal help. I know you would do anything for us kids. It's professional help I need." 
"My profession?"
Linda turned and bit her bottom lip in nervousness. "Yes," she said quietly. "I need a lawyer but I've got no money."
"Don't let that worry you. What do you need help with, Linda?"
"My parents," Linda replied. "Now that I had an abortion, they're asking to have me returned to their care."
"And you don't want that?"
Linda nodded. "You, Lem, Jack and even the dean at Northside have helped me. I've broken away and don't wish to go back." She sighed. "My life was a little like Ken's."
"How?"
Linda stopped and turned away again. "My parents are autocratic and violent. I was never allowed to think for myself or even have an opinion. It was obey or be punished. As a little kid I was whipped with a belt or shut in my bedroom for doing something other children took as natural."
"Like what?"
"Playing in the park," Linda replied. "I wasn't allowed to go near a public playground because there were so-called naughty children there. One sunny Saturday when I was ten I went and used a swing. Nobody was around except my little brother and me. He told Daddy." Linda stopped and sighed again. "Oh, I don't blame Daniel. He was as terrified of my parents as I was. Anyhow, my father took a long switch and belted me across the back. I screamed and cried but it never helped. There are still traces of the scars."
"I see," Renee replied and pursed her lips in anger.
"One other thing," Linda said. Her eyes were dry but reflected inner turmoil. "I've never told a soul."
"Wait a minute," Renee said and noticed the girl's face turn white and her lip quiver. "There is one small point."
"Go on."
"I not interested in a fee but would you like me to be your lawyer?"
"Yes, please."
"Good. We have what is called client confidentiality. Anything you tell me is confidential and protected by law. It's like a doctor and his patient. Nobody can force me to divulge what is said between us. Can you understand that? "
"I think so," Linda said.
"Good. Now what are you going to tell me?"
"I'm not like Courtney," Linda said in a strong neutral voice. "I was not raped. In fact, I had several boys who had sex with me from the time I was fourteen. I enjoyed it. For a few moments there was someone who would love me. The inevitable happened in the end and I became pregnant. The father could have been any of three boys." She stared into Renee's eyes and for the first time, tears appeared. "I'm not a prostitute, Renee but I was what one would call an easy lay. All I wanted was love and that was a way of getting it."
"And getting drunk?"
"That happened quite regularly. It was another way for me to forget. Guys would get me drunk and have sex with me. I didn't mind. Courtney had nothing to do with my drinking binge last night."
"And now, Linda?"
"What do you mean?"
"Do you still have casual sex?"
"No," Linda said. "Not since my abortion. I promised myself I would work hard to get a decent education and not drink or have sex. Yesterday was the first time I broke that promise." She reached down to pat Zona who sat patiently beside the pair. "If I hadn't passed out, I might have gone off in a car with that nephew of Diane's."
"But you didn't." Renee studied the girl again. Something was wrong. She could tell by her body language.
"I will represent you to try to prevent your parents regaining custody, Linda but you must tell me everything, the lot. You're holding back on something, aren't you?"
The girl nodded.
"What is it?"
"I've been raped. Many times."
"By whom?"
"My father," Linda replied and burst into a flood of tears. "Ever since I was twelve, he did it. He stopped a year ago when I threatened to go to the police. I would have, too and he knew it." She sobbed and ran up the trail.
Renee followed, caught the girl, swung her around and held on. Linda buried her head in a soft shoulder and cried long, shuddering tears that gradually subsided into silent weeping.
"You're a brave girl, Linda," Renee said in an empathetic voice. "I'll do everything I can to help you. There are several things we can do so don't despair. It will turn out okay."
"I tried to cope by myself," Linda whispered. "Then I met Courtney, you, your dad and Lem. I realized there were decent people in the world who would help me but I never had the nerve to ask, until now."
"And we'll all help you, Linda," Renee said. "That's a promise."
She turned and with her arm around the teenager, headed down the trail. Zona ran beside them and looked up at Linda with his large brown sympathetic eyes.
"Oh, Zona," Linda said and squatted down to pat the Labrador. "You are the loveliest doggy in the world, aren't you?"
"Woof," came the almost human reply as Zona wagged his tail.
*

 CHAPTER 21
When Renee arrived home in Seattle on Wednesday night she had a look of quiet confidence.
"Linda," she said. "Can we have a word?"
"Sure, Renee." She stood up from the assignment she was doing on the living room floor with Courtney and Ken.
"It's about your parents," Renee began when they were in the kitchen.
The girl's face dropped. "Go on," she replied cautiously.
"Cheer up, it's good news."
"I hope so." Linda sighed.
"I've placed a court injunction on your behalf. Your parents are not allowed to have contact with you until the custody hearing is heard."
"And when will that be?"
"In six to twelve months."
"That long?"
"I'm afraid so. There's one other thing. The court has put you under private foster care as of Monday."
"What?" Linda gasped. "I'm being forced into a foster home?"
"You are a minor, Linda. That's all I could do."
"I don't want to go." She raised her voice to a scream. "It's not fair. I'm happy and safe here."
Renee glanced at Lem, grinning from across the table. "Do you want to know the name of your new foster parents?"
"No," Linda retorted. "I'm not damn well going."
"A Mr. Lem Erksberg and his partner, a Renee Bonnett, are your temporary foster parents."
"I said I don't care." The words sunk in and she turned with her mouth open in astonishment. "Huh?"
Renee repeated her reply and glanced at Lem. "I don't think she wants us, Dear."
"Pity," Lem replied. "She's a good kid. I think…" He got no further as the sobbing teenager flung her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek.
"Oh Lem." She rushed to do the same thing to Renee. "I knew you wouldn't let me down. I just thought...."
"It's not permanent, I'm afraid," Renee warned. "A judge at the court hearing makes the final decision."
"I know but this is more than I'd hoped for. I'll go and tell Courtney." She kissed the pair again and rushed into the living room.
"One happy girl." Lem observed. "What will happen in the end?"
"I'm not sure," Renee said. "Linda will be seventeen shortly and by the time the case is heard she'll be well on her way to her eighteenth birthday. The judge could postpone any decision until then. At that point she's an adult and any ruling becomes redundant." She smiled. "That's what I'm aiming for at the moment, rather than an outright decision."
"Why?"
"This is an unusual case since Linda's parents are together. Most custody cases involve separated parents fighting over a child. In the few cases like this that I have researched, the minors are returned to their parents unless the child's well-being is seriously affected."
"Well, doesn't this apply to Linda?"
"Yes." Renee sighed. With Linda's agreement, she had told Lem everything. "But what proof do we have? I don't want to put her through the trauma of testifying against her father."
*
Over the next few months, hectic life continued for Renee, Lem and the three teenagers. The biggest event during this period was the decision to open a branch office of Usborne and Bonnett in Seattle. More and more family cases were referred to them from the city. With the shift to a new office on the mezzanine floor of Northworld Hypermart, only a few blocks from their homes and the college, came a change of name to Law Bonus, the last word formed from their names. Business became so brisk in the city that Suzanne Norwood shifted south with Renee, while Annette continued traditional services in Mount Vernon.
Epsilon Products completed their contract with Boeing and against intense competition, won a new contract for internal latches in the 737-800 series passenger jet.
After Jack's wedding, Linda immersed herself in schoolwork. She coped easily with the senior program but for reasons unknown to Courtney and Ken, wanted to prove something to herself. She refused to drink alcohol and withdrew into herself. Invitations to accompany Courtney and Ken when they went out were politely refused and instead she would turn up at Law Bonus and help the secretary with photocopying and odd jobs. In the end, Renee offered her a part-time job that she readily accepted. She spent several hours a week helping out.
Finally, summer arrived and with it the end of the senior high school year.
*
On the last Monday of the academic year, the auditorium was filled to capacity for the high school graduation that was independent from the other college graduations.
After brief speeches from the principal and guests, Doctor Dorothy Infield walked to the rostrum and smiled at the hundred and five graduates. Though small in number compared with high schools throughout the city, the students here were every bit as proud and striking in their light blue graduation gowns.
Courtney sat only a few seats away from Ken, while Linda with her surname Wycherley, was near the back of the student body and in front of the public guests. She glanced back and tried to see Renee and the others but couldn't. It was time for her line to move to the off stage assembly area. The gowns of her companions glistened in the light and her own felt cool with its smooth, silken material and the tassel from her mortarboard bobbing in the periphery of her vision. 
"Courtney Elizabeth Howlett," the announcer said. In almost a trance, she stepped out in front of hundreds of guests and shook hands with Doctor Infield.
"Congratulations, Courtney," Dorothy said. "When you leave the stage, please go into the backstage area."
Courtney's heart thumped. That meant she was due a special award but for what she had no idea.
"Thank you, Doctor Infield," she replied and amidst the applause from the gallery, received her diploma.
Fifteen minutes later Linda joined her in the dim back room. "Linda," Courtney whispered. "My God, you're here, too. Do you know what you won?"
"No idea but I knew you were here when you didn't come back off the stage. God, I'm nervous."
They waited and more students appeared until there were close to twenty standing or sitting in the room. Most appeared excited but a few attempted to hide their feelings and remained remote or serious.
A hush crossed the room when one of the professors walked in. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said and a ripple of laughter went through the group. "The front row of the auditorium has been cleared for your use. From there you will be called to the stage. After you receive your new award you move to the rear of the stage where seats are provided."
Courtney grinned at Linda and made sure they sat together for the remaining part of the ceremony.
"Our first Merit Certificate is for our oldest graduate, Mrs. Mary Jensen," Dorothy announced. "We will not give you Mary's age but suffice it to say she is over eighteen."
The audience clapped and chuckled as a silver-haired grandmother walked onto the stage and received her certificate.
"And our youngest graduate, sixteen-year-old Linda Wycherley."
Linda smiled at Courtney and followed Mary up.
More certificates were awarded before the dean moved to a side table with several trophies and cups sitting on it.
"The judges of the English Department essay on a current issue stated the final five selections were of extremely high quality but the winner stood out for her persuasive style, excellent structural skills and overall presentation. The winning essay is entitled, Being Lonely in a Crowd by Courtney Howlet. Step forward please, Courtney."
Courtney's heart raced as she made her way forward, received her award and found herself beside Linda. Their eyes met and Linda gave a nervous smile as the seats around them filled and the auditorium broke into thunderous applause.
"Finally," Doctor Infield announced. "The Robert Peching Memorial Trophy for the top student of the Northside Community College's high school graduation class goes to our youngest student. Miss Linda Wycherley has topped the school with an 'A' in every subject and a top mark of ninety-two percent in chemistry."
"Oh hell," Linda whispered as Courtney squeezed her arm.
She received a huge silver cup and a massive bunch of flowers while the auditorium erupted into claps, hoots and cheers. It was obvious she was a popular winner.
"Would a member of Linda's family please come forward to be with her?" the announcer said over the address system.
*
When the announcement asked for a family member to come forward, Linda glanced back and saw Courtney nod.
"Look," her friend mouthed.
The spotlight focused on one man who stood. He walked with a distinct limp but held his head high. Linda strained her eyes and recognized the gaunt figure. Jack was making his way forward, took the stairs one step at a time and was there beside her.
"Hello Sweetheart," he said in his gruff voice. "Can I be your grandad?"
"Oh Jack," Linda replied. She placed her arm through his and turned to face the dean. "This is my chosen grandfather, Jack Bonnett. I need nobody else with me today."
"I understand," Dorothy replied and shook the man's hand. "It must be a proud moment for you, Jack."
"Aye, it is. I have two grand friends with me here on stage," the elderly man replied as he tucked an arm around the sniffing youngster and turned to wink at Courtney. Then, with old-fashioned dignity, he extracted a crisp, white handkerchief from his top pocket and handed it to Linda. "Here, Sweetheart. Wipe those tears from your beautiful face. This is a time for our top student to rejoice. You make an old man so proud."
"Thank you, Jack." Linda sniffed. She wiped away the tears. The smile returned to her face as lights flooded the auditorium and she waved at the cheering crowd.
*
"We now invite family members of our other graduates on the stage to come forward," the public address system blared.
Courtney could see Lem and Renee but someone was with them. As the trio walked closer she shook and tears sprung to her eyes.
The three arrived and a grey-haired man appeared on stage with a broad smile.
"Daddy. What are you doing here?"
Hank Howlett took his daughter in his arms. "I've come to see my daughter graduate, Pumpkin."
Tears flowed from Courtney's eyes. Pumpkin. Daddy called her that at grade school. "But how?"
"Lem contacted me about your graduation. I flew in from London."
"London, England?"
"That's right, Pumpkin."
"And you came across the world just for my graduation?"
"Lem contacted me and told everything about you, Courtney. So here I am."
"Oh Daddy," Courtney said and burst into tears again. "Thank you for coming."
She turned to Lem and Renee standing beside her and hugged them. "Thank you."
"That completes the formal graduation service, ladies and gentlemen." The public address speaker interrupted. "If the graduates and guests would like to move through to the student cafeteria…"
Shouts, screams and cheers drowned out the message as the graduates stood in unison and mortarboards were thrown traditionally into the air. Students embraced one another in celebration and tears of joy flowed freely throughout the auditorium.
Courtney turned, found Ken, kissed him passionately and dragged him to meet her father. Linda hugged Jack and Diane and the group moved off the stage to follow the crowd into the cafeteria.
*
Renee, who tried to maintain a professional neutral view, studied the reactions of her friends to Hank Howlett's arrival. Courtney was enraptured and spent all of Tuesday showing her father around Seattle. Ken withdrew into himself but said the proper things while Lem and Linda were suspicious of the man's appearance.
"Oh, he's pleasant enough," Lem confided when they were in bed that night. "But why now?"
"Why not, Sweetheart?"
"When I contacted him a few weeks back, I received a formal and curt reply. So much so, I didn't tell anyone. Then we get this phone call and here he is. Now, if he's the loving father he wants us to believe, why didn't he help Courtney earlier? You can't say he didn't know where she was all this time."
"He'd just separated and was probably stressed out." 
"Enough to ignore your only daughter for almost two years? He never sent her birthday or Christmas cards. At least her mother did that."
"I agree," Renee responded. "But Courtney is so excited, let her enjoy having him around. When he goes home, she'll carry on with her life." 
"We'll see," Lem replied. "I hope she doesn't get carried away in her enthusiasm and do something she may regret later."
He kissed Renee warmly on the lips, turned off the light and dropped off to sleep. She lay in the darkness thinking. There was something not right about the situation. Perhaps she could get their firm's investigator to probe. Cameron Lowe had that knack of turning up things an average person would never find.
*
Renee arrived at work on Thursday morning to see Cameron sitting with his feet on her desk, blowing cigarette smoke below the We're a smoke free office sign. 
"I tried to keep him in the reception area and stop him from smoking," their red-faced receptionist apologized.
"Don't worry, Anne," Renee replied. "You'll see a lot of Cameron. He doesn't believe in protocol but he's one of the best investigators in the state. Just let him have his way."
"Hi, Renee," the man being discussed called out. "I was in Seattle on another job and thought I'd drop in. I like the flashy office."
"Yes, it is nice." Renee took off her coat and sat in the client's chair. "Did you find out anything?"
"Plenty. Your Hank Howlett has ulterior motives, all right. He came back to the United States to apply for a British work permit. British immigration laws state applications must be made from outside the United Kingdom. His permit expired and he is reapplying."
"Okay but how does that affect Courtney?"
"Howlett's a resourceful guy," Cameron continued. "He obtained her high school graduation results and had them recognized by the British. She is enrolled at Cambridge University, one of the most prestigious universities in the country."
"How did he get the university to accept her without her knowledge?" 
Cameron shrugged. "Forged her signature, I guess."
Renee grimaced. "But why? "
The detective leaned back in the swivel chair and grinned. "Prestige, Renee. The Brits are class conscious and regard Americans as brass foreigners. Now imagine if you have a daughter in one of the icons of 'Old Money'…Cambridge University. It will enhance your social standing considerably. The girlfriend too." 
"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" Renee retorted. "Who's the damn woman?"
"Lady Jane Hunter-Browne. Browne with an 'e'. She's divorced from her husband, Sir Jonathan Hunter-Browne but naturally wants to keep her title and standing in the aristocratic society." Cameron's sarcasm was heavy-handed.
"So this uncouth Yank has no show with her unless he can aspire to society's expectations?"
"That's about it. Having a daughter at Cambridge gets him on the first foot of the ladder," Cameron replied. "It will help his work permit application and standing in the firm that employs him. He's a high paid regional manager for a British electronics firm."
"Thanks for all that, Cameron. What do I owe you?"
The detective grinned, stood and ground out his cigarette in a potted plant water container. "It's on the house. Just toss me more of your court work over the next few weeks."
"Done," Renee replied and reached for his hand. "I do want more on Linda Wycherley's father."
"Yes. A sad situation. There are a couple of leads I'm following on that gentleman." 
Renee studied her colleague. When Cameron got his teeth in somebody there was no letting go. She almost felt sorry for Linda's father. Almost, but not really. The bastard deserved everything that he was going to get.
*

 CHAPTER 22
The argument that evening after Hank dropped his daughter off and returned to his hotel was the most serious Renee could remember since she knew Courtney. The girl came into the house on an emotional high after her father had told her of the plans to take her back to England and enrol her at Cambridge University. However, she must have read Renee or Lem's subdued body language, for she immediately flew on the defensive.
"What's wrong?" she shouted. "I thought you'd be thrilled for me and look at you both. You'd think I'd committed a mass murder or something."
"Going home with your father is one option you can take, Courtney," Lem said in a quiet voice. "But there are others."
"Like what?" Courtney retorted. Her eyes looked wild and hurt.
"You may get accepted for Washington State and we know you can study for a degree at Northside College."
"You'll be leaving your friends here," Renee added. "Have you talked about this with Ken?"
"Not yet," Courtney said in a quieter voice. "I wanted to tell you first but I was wrong, wasn't I?" She glared at Renee. "I thought you were my friends but I was damn wrong. You don't care about me."
"Oh Courtney," Renee replied.
"Well, you don't. You only care about what is keeping me here in Seattle." She flung her arms out in exasperation. "There's a whole world out there. This is a chance of a lifetime. Do you know Cambridge is one of the top universities in the world?"
The biting comments cut deep and Renee flushed. She bit her lower lip and stared at Lem for support.
"Okay, Courtney," he said in a whisper. "Tell us what will happen if you go to England."
"I'll be with Daddy and attend Cambridge University."
"But you can't do law," Lem continued.
"Why?" Courtney screamed. "Why the hell not?"
"It's a different country. British laws are different than ours. Anything you learn there won't be recognized here."
Courtney glared at a serious Lem and Renee with her downcast eyes. "Well, I'll do something else," she replied but a quiver of doubt showed for the first time.
"Do you remember Selwyn?" Lem pressed.
"Of course." Courtney regained her momentum and spat the words out. "What the hell has he got to do with anything?"
"He paid for most of last year's education."
"I didn't ask him to."
"No but he did it just the same."
"He had a guilty conscience because of the way his little monsters treated me."
Renee stared at Lem and realized what he was trying to do. "You said it was his children that drove you out?"
"Yeah. So?"
"What about Lady Jane Hunter-Browne's children?" She had no idea whether the woman had children and was counting on the fact that Hank had never told Courtney about her, or if he had, mentioned nothing about a family.
"How did you know about her?" Courtney whispered with the confidence in her voice dissipating. "Daddy said it was a secret and not to mention her to you."
"Do you think she will welcome you with open arms in her house?" Lem asked.
"She doesn't live in a house," Courtney retorted. "It's a semi-detached bungalow."
"And do you know what that is?"
"Well, no," Courtney replied. "A big house like this one, I guess."
Lem frowned. "A semi-detached bungalow is a line of houses all joined together. Often they go straight onto the street. England is a crowded country not a lot bigger than Washington State." Now he had the girl's attention he continued to press his point, explaining how she could be cut off from everyone and if things went wrong, could be isolated in a foreign country.
Renee watched Courtney's face as Lem talked. It appeared he was beginning to convince her.
"So all we say is to weigh everything up," Lem concluded. "Talk to Ken and Linda. Phone your Grandma and talk to her. It's not true that we're trying to hold you here and you know that, don't you?"
Renee noticed his eyes bore into Courtney who nodded. "I didn't mean it that way. I thought you'd be as thrilled as I was but now…" She glanced up and saw Renee's face. "I don't want to hurt you, Renee."
"That's okay. When does your dad want you to make up your mind, Courtney?"
"He's going home at the end of next week and wants me to go with him."
"Would you mind if we spoke to your dad about it?"
"Why?" Courtney's voice jumped to the defensive.
"To discuss your choices. Nothing secret. You can be there, too, if you wish."
"I suppose."
"And talk to Ken," Lem added. "How do you think he'll feel if you go away? You've done so much for him. Think what would happen if you left him."
"He'll get another girlfriend," Courtney said in an unconvincing voice. "Perhaps Linda. I reckon she's sweet on him."
Renee caught Lem's eyes but his concerned expressions did not change. She knew they had made Courtney stop and think. If they pushed more it could be counterproductive.
"The decision is yours, Courtney," Lem said. "We can advise and help you but remember, everything we said is because we care for you. Think about that, won't you?"
The girl nodded. "Yeah, okay." Then she left the room. 
"I think we handled it the right way. If we'd told her what her father's real motives are I don't think she'd believe us," Lem said.
"The trouble is I think the next time she sees her father, he'll make her forget any doubts we've planted in her mind."
"Then I'll speak to him first," Lem replied grimly. "Perhaps he needs to be told a few home truths."
Renee grimaced. "Okay but be diplomatic."
"Oh, I will but it's more than he deserves," Lem retorted.
*
The Grand Pacific International was a high-rise hotel that catered to the business community, a perfect place for someone of Hank Howlett's standing but the decor didn't impress Lem. Though he could afford this type of place as easy as Howlett, he preferred more family-type accommodation.
As soon as he walked into the main foyer, uniformed staff attended to Lem. Perhaps it was the Cadillac that attracted their attention. He grinned and wondered whether the reception would have been as prompt if he had arrived in Ken's old Mustang.
"Mr. Howlett is in the games room, Mr. Erksberg. Shall I page him for you?" An immaculately dressed man behind the reception desk responded to Lem's inquiry.
"No, point me in the right direction," Lem replied in a cold voice. Snobbery did not impress him one bit.
"As you wish." The man sniffed. "You will require a visitor's pass." He handed Lem a small gold card. "We usually wear a tie in the games room." He glanced at Lem's polo neck jersey.
Lem stared at the man with ice-cold eyes. "I am not impressed by your attitude…" He dropped his gaze to the man's nametag… "Mr. Buenom, I do not have time to worry about your dress code. Either show me where this Games Room is or direct me to the manager's office where I will file a complaint about your lack of courtesy."
Two minutes later he was standing beside a pool table where Hank had finished playing a game.
"Lem," Hank said. "What a pleasant surprise."
"We need to talk," Lem replied in a monotone. "About Courtney."
Hank was about to say something but hesitated. "She told you about my offer, I guess. Come to the bar. The Blue Room is private and we won't be disturbed."
After a minimal amount of small talk Lem stared into Hank's eyes. "Have you any idea what your daughter has gone though in the last year?"
Hank frowned but his attempt to look angry or be in command of the conversation failed dismally. "I know she ran away, got lost in a cave and was taken under your wing. I appreciate the help you have given her but…"
"She was violently raped and on the verge of suicide when we, as you put it, took her under our wing," Lem replied in a curt voice.
"Rubbish," Howlett retorted but his eyes avoided Lem's. "Courtney always did have a vivid imagination."
Lem glared at his adversary, reached for the briefcase he had with him and brought out a pile of documents. He found one and placed it on the small coffee table in front of their armchairs. "A patient report from the clinic Courtney visited in Florida."
Hank picked up the document and read it silently for several moments. "Oh Jesus. I didn't know."
"The only family member who came to her assistance was your mother-in-law. We have cared for your daughter and your wife's partner paid her college fees."
"Thank you for that," Hank replied. "If you need any financial reimbursement for Courtney's care…"
"That will not be necessary."
"But that does not change the offer I made to Courtney. I am giving her a chance that will help make up for the terrible things she suffered."
"You weren't there when she needed you the most, Hank," Lem said. "When two complete strangers provide the love and care her parents neglected to give her…"
"Now see here," Howlett interrupted.
Whether the anger was genuine or feigned, Lem didn't know but he was too annoyed to care. "We know about your affair with a Lady Jane Hunter-Browne, your application for a new British work permit and the fact that Courtney is already enrolled at Cambridge."
Howlett's face darkened. "How?"
"Renee is a lawyer with considerable means at her disposal." Lem held up another document. "A private investigator's report."
"How dare you. I've a good mind to…"
"This is confidential and known to nobody except Renee, me and now, you. I believe the contents are true but if you wish to file a complaint with the proper authorities, you are within your rights."
"That isn't necessary," Hank replied in a quiet voice. "Okay, I neglected seeing Courtney but I was in Britain, Lem. I didn't know where she was until Amy contacted me."
"When was that?"
Hank looked as if he was about to make another angry retort but stopped. "Okay but the offer to Courtney was genuine. It still stands."
"Tell me," Lem continued. "How did you enrol Courtney without her signature? She is legally an adult now, in England as well as here, so she would need to sign the form."
Howlett glowered but said nothing.
"We have told Courtney nothing about this, Hank, nor do we want to. However, if you continue to push her to go back with you, we shall have to reconsider our position. I'm sure the university wouldn't be too pleased to hear the circumstances involving her enrolment."
"That's blackmail."
"Is it?" Lem replied. "I call it helping a young woman beginning to cope with her life. She has a bright future, Hank. Don't spoil it for her."
"I wasn't going to."
"For God's sake, man." Lem retorted with his anger rising. "Think of your daughter for a change and not some social standing you may aspire to in a foreign country." He stood and placed his glass down. "Thank you for the drink." Without a backward glance, he stalked out.
*
Courtney looked across the Mustang at Ken, who stared straight ahead even though the vehicle was parked at the curb of a city street.
"Well, aren't you glad for me?" she asked.
Ken turned toward her. "I don't want you to go, Courtney," he said and stared out the windshield again. "I know it's mean but that's how I feel."
Courtney pouted. It was turning out wrong. First Renee and Lem were cold on the idea, Linda went further and told her she was a stupid idiot giving up everything and now Ken.
"It's not definite," she said and placed a hand on Ken's leg.
Ken turned, placed both hands on her cheeks and kissed her on the lips. Then, without another word he climbed out of the car and walked up the sidewalk.
Courtney followed but it took several moments before she caught up with him. She grabbed his arm and stopped him. He turned and Courtney saw his face was awash with tears.
"I love you, Courtney," he said. "Without you, I am a nobody but you won't be interested in a big cry baby will you?"
Courtney felt a pang of emotion grip her as she stared at the silent tears running down her friend's cheeks. He was crying for her. He needed her. She realized the reverse was also true and the idea of going across the world and leaving him, Renee, Lem and even Jack, Diane and Linda, lost its appeal. She had more friends now than anytime in her life. She couldn't leave them.
She tucked her arms through Ken's and hugged him close. "Oh Ken. I feel so proud that you care." She kissed him softly on the lips. "Come on. Let's go home. Perhaps the letters from Washington State have arrived."
They drove home and into the drive to find Linda waiting for them. "They're here," the girl screamed. "I got in."
She held two large yellow envelopes out to her friends and Courtney could see the Washington State University's icon printed across the top left corner.
She felt another rush of adrenaline. Her nervous fingers could barely open the envelope but she managed and withdrew a thick wad of literature. The slim white front page grabbed her attention.
"Dear Miss Howlett," it began. "We have great pleasure in advising you…"
"I got in!"
"Me too," Ken replied. A slow grin swept across his face, he tucked his arms around both girls and kissed them each on the cheek.
Linda chuckled, then turned serious. "But what about your father's offer?"
"Oh that," Courtney said with a casual shrug. "Who wants to go to England, anyway?"
*
Renee never heard what was said but Cambridge wasn't mentioned again and Hank returned to England early. Courtney was on a new high but this time it was about how her friends and her were going to fit into the huge Washington State campus. On Saturday afternoon, Renee, Lem and Courtney drove Hank to SeaTac International Airport, said all the correct things and watched as he walked out of their lives.
"We have an hour and a half wait," Lem said. "Let's go and have a meal together. It's on me."
Courtney blew her nose and turned away from the departure doors where her father had disappeared. "Why are we waiting?"
"I agreed to pick up a colleague," Lem replied. "You aren't in a hurry, are you?"
"No," Courtney said and smiled. "You know, when I was about twelve I had screaming sessions with Daddy all the time. I think that's why he sent me off to Miss Shelton's Academy. Mind you, Mom and him weren't getting on too well at the time."
"Nobody's perfect," Renee replied, caught Lem's eye and glanced at an overhead monitor that showed the flight they were waiting for had arrived. 
Mere seconds later a familiar voice called out. "Hi there, Honey. Are you going to give your Grandma a welcoming kiss?"
Courtney, who had her head engrossed in a glossy magazine, jumped in fright. "Grandma!" she exclaimed and leapt to her feet.
She ran towards her grandmother but stopped mid-stride and gasped. A slim brunette woman in her late thirties stood beside Amy with an apprehensive smile.
"Mom," Courtney whispered.
Her hesitant step turned into a run. 
"Oh Mom," the girl cried in delight. "Come and meet Renee and Lem. I'm so thrilled to see you." She turned. "You too, Grandma."
"Courtney," Lizzie Howlett replied as she held her daughter. "I swear you've grown two inches and I love the way you've got your hair. When Renee phoned Mom and invited her over, I had to come too. I hope you don't mind."
"Mind," Courtney screamed. "My God, Mom, of course not. I've got so much to tell you. Wait until you see Lem and Renee's house. It's so cool and…"
Renee squeezed Lem's hand. Everything was working out.
Unlike Hank, Lizzie and Amy stayed at Lem's place. Amy appeared no different and even asked about Jack and Diane, while Lizzie became as popular with Linda and Ken as she was with Courtney. They visited the university together, looked through Lem's factory, took in some markets on the waterfront, visited the Seattle Needle Tower, went on a night ferry cruise and even took a seaplane flight over the city.
Five days later, the pair departed with a promise never to stay out of touch again and an assurance by Courtney she would visit her mother before the summer was over.
"Well, one of our extended family is sorted out," Renee said to Lem that evening. "Two actually. Ken seems content. There's only Linda now."
"She's a resourceful young lady," Lem replied. "And with her top notch lawyer, I'm sure she'll come out a winner."
"I hope so."
Lem smiled. "Oh, I forgot to tell you that Pat McQuilkin wrote me a letter. It seems he is still trying to find that necklace and is offering a reward if we can find it for him."
"Is he now?" Renee grinned. "But what can we do about it?"
"Go and look for my jacket."
Renee chuckled but looked into Lem's eyes and realized he was serious.
*

 CHAPTER 23
Clarence Squartrili, the plaintiff's lawyer, pulled his jacket around his oversized stomach, glanced sideways at Renee and addressed the bench. "We believe Miss Bonnett should disqualify herself from this hearing since she is fostering Linda Wycherley and has a vested interest in the outcome, Your Honour."
Judge Johan Koberstein scratched his chin and looked down from his bench over small circular glasses like a principal at a school assembly. He glanced briefly at a report in his hand and across the room at Renee.
"Your response, Miss Bonnett." 
"It is true Linda has been placed under our care but I fail to see how this can prejudice this sitting, Your Honour," Renee began. "This is not a civil trial but a hearing to ascertain whether or not my client should be returned to her parents' care. Our position is that she should not be but whether she continues to be placed in our care is a different issue." 
"I don't entirely agree, Miss Bonnett," Judge Koberstein commented, "However, I'll make a note of your comment." 
He turned to the nervous girl sitting beside Renee. Linda was dressed in a modest navy blue skirt and jacket with a white blouse that made her look younger than her years. "Miss Bonnett is the person you want to represent you, Linda?"
"Yes, Your Honour," Linda replied in a clear voice. "I want nobody else." 
"What is your age, Linda?"
"I was seventeen two days ago, Your Honour."
"Indeed," the man replied. "And I guess you received gifts for your birthday?"
"Yes."
"What did you receive?"
"I object to this question." Clarence Squartrili stood and shouted. "It is entirely irrelevant."
The judge turned. "You will sit down Mr. Squartrili. May I remind you this is not a trial but a hearing. You do not have to impress a jury here, young man."
Renee suppressed a grin. Squartrili was forty-five if he was a day and was known throughout the profession as Slimy Clarie for his devious methods.
The judge turned back to Linda and raised his eyebrows for her to continue.
"Mainly clothes, Your Honour," she said. "Renee and Lem bought me a portable CD player and three CDs. My boyfriend gave me a prepay cellphone." 
"What did your parents buy you, Linda?" 
"Nothing."
"Nothing?" the judge repeated.
He turned his gaze across the room to where the Wycherleys stood. Linda's father was a small insignificant looking man with receding hair. He wore a conservative black suit with a white shirt and dark tie. The cut of his clothes, though crisp and tidy, looked quaintly old-fashioned with wide lapels from a bygone era. Lydia Wycherley was a large woman, dressed in a calf-length skirt, while a light blue scarf covered her hair.
"My clients don't believe in birthdays or Christmas gifts, Your Honour," Clarence Squartrili interrupted. "It is against their religious beliefs." 
"But you do?" the judge asked Linda.
The girl flushed. "Yes, Your Honour. I have rejected my parents' narrow-minded religious views." 
"Object." Clarence Squartrili interrupted. "Miss Wycherley is giving an opinion, not stating a fact." 
"Mr Squartrili," the judge replied in an ice-cold voice. "I have allowed half a day for this hearing, not a week. Your constant interruptions before the opening statements have been made are irritating." He turned to the nervous girl. "He does have a valid point, Linda. You should not give an opinion in your answer unless specifically asked for one." 
Linda nodded and cast her gaze at the floor.
"Thank you," Judge Koberstein said. "You can make your opening statement Mr. Squartrili." 
The lawyer stood and waited a moment before starting. "This is a continuance of the original court order, Your Honour. The court made Linda Wycherley a state ward and allowed her to have an abortion against her parents' wishes. That happened and though they strongly disagreed to this taking place, Vadimere and Lydia Wycherley believe in forgiveness. They have forgiven Linda and want her to return to the family home under their care." 
The lawyer's deep voice continued with explanations for the Wycherley's religious and social beliefs and he noted that Linda's pregnancy was not the result of her promiscuous habits, something not known in the original hearing.
Renee glanced at Suzanne Norwood who was assisting her. The man had done his research well. When her turn came to make a statement, she stood so she could see and be seen by Linda's parents.
"In our country, Your Honour, we pride ourselves on freedom and the right of individuals to observe their religious beliefs without discrimination. The Wycherley family has every right to practice their faith in any way they wish and that is how it should be." She stopped and her blue eyes bore into Vadimere Wycherley until the man glanced away. "We also believe that minors need to be cared for and protected. Their parents or caregivers have the right to pass their values and believes onto their children. When these children reach adulthood they can continue or reject these beliefs as they wish. Linda is seventeen, so is still a minor. She, therefore, still has to be cared for by an adult. We do not contest any of these points. We do not contest her parents' religious beliefs. We do not contest their right to pass these beliefs onto their children…" 
She stopped again and gazed around the silent room before continuing in almost a whisper. "However, parents do not have the right to break the state's and country's laws when they are caring for their children. We will show that Vadimere and Lydia Wycherley overstepped these rights and therefore, should not be allowed to have their daughter returned to their custody. We shall further present evidence of how Linda has blossomed since being removed from their influence. One example." Renee stopped again and smiled at the girl. "She is just seventeen but has graduated from high school in the equivalent of her junior year. Not only that but she topped her graduating class and has been accepted into Washington State University in the academic year commencing in September." 
*
Two hours later, Clarence had completed his case. Linda had been reduced to tears and made to look like a wayward slut who had run wild and rejected her parents, slept with any boy available and indeed, didn't know who the youth was who impregnated her. 
Renee was equally ruthless in her cross-examination. However, Clarence Squartrili emerged from a sordid and harrowing experience with a confident smirk on his face. "So, Your Honour," he concluded. "Even after that and the abortion, Vadimere and Lydia are prepared to forgive their daughter and take her back into the family home with her three younger brothers." 
Renee began by calling Linda to the stand. "You are wearing suitable attire beneath your blouse, I believe, Linda?"
"Yes," the girl replied. She had been briefed on what would be asked and was ready.
Clarence Squartrili half rose but saw Judge Koberstein's frown and refrained from making an objection.
"Please remove your jacket and hold up your blouse, so the judge can see your back, Linda," Renee said in a kind voice.
The girl exposed her tanned back to show three faded welts across it. "Where did the scars come from Linda?"
"My father thrashed me with a switch," Linda answered. Tears appeared again in her eyes.
"How old were you at the time?" 
"Nine or ten. I don't quite remember." 
"Was this for flirting with boys, Linda?" 
"No," Linda whispered. "It was before I knew anything about boys and sex." 
"What was it for, Linda?" 
"I went to the local park and played on a swing with Daniel, my brother." 
In spite of himself, Johan Koberstein jerked up, asked Linda to explain the circumstances in minute detail and examined the girl's wounds with renewed interest.
"That was six years ago, Linda?" he asked in a hushed voice.
"Yes, Your Honour."
"And you still have the scars?" It was a rhetorical question but Renee could see she had gained sympathy from the judge.
"Did you do this, Mr. Wycherley?" the judge asked Linda' s father in a harsh voice.
"It is possible, Your Honour," Vadimere Wycherley muttered. "We did have to discipline Linda at times." 
"A thrashing that leaves scar tissue six years later because your daughter played on a swing at a park?" Koberstein's mannerism portrayed disgust. He turned to Linda. "You can place your jacket back on and return to the witness stand, Linda." 
"There are more serious accusations against Vadimere Wycherley," Renee added. "I would, however, like to approach the bench to discuss them." 
"Why can't it be heard in the open hearing, Miss Bonnett?" Johan Koberstein was the neutral judge again.
"Because of the delicate nature of the evidence, I would like you to decide on the suitability of presenting it openly, Your Honour."
"Comment, Mr. Clarence Squartrili?" 
The plaintiff's lawyer frowned at Renee but her expression was unreadable. "As long as I can be present, I don't object, Your Honour."
"Very well. We'll meet in my chambers. This court is adjourned for twenty minutes." 
*
"Okay, what have you got in your little bag, Renee?" Clarence growled when the three were together in the small office.
"I have evidence to support my statement," Renee replied. "We invoked the privacy act, so Linda could gain access to her old medical records." 
"Go on," the judge said grimly.
Renee took out a photocopy of a medical record and laid it on the judge's table. "This record was hushed up and I believe a large sum of money was paid to have it destroyed. Luckily, a junior doctor in the clinic sneaked a photocopy of the report and filed it under Linda's name."
"What is it?" Clarence Squartrili asked.
"Sperm taken from the pubic hair of my client when she was fourteen was examined. She was a suspected rape victim at the time and indeed she was." 
"Continue," Judge Johan Koberstein stated. His mouth was a thin line and eyes were like steel.
"The sperm is from her father," Renee said. 
"Oh hell," Clarence Squartrili replied. He turned to her with new respect in his eyes. "How did you get this, Renee?" 
"I have contacts," Renee replied without a trace of a smile.
"You were correct in asking for this closed session, Renee," the judge added. "Tell me, if we took matters further could your client go through the anguish of being a witness in a criminal trial?" 
"We discussed it, Your Honour. She is prepared to testify against her father if it came to trial." 
The judge glowered at Clarence. "Comment, Mr. Squartrili." 
"If everything Miss Bonnett says is true, I will recommend this case is closed with Linda Wycherley remaining a state ward in her present foster home. Can I have time to study these documents?" 
"After I have read them," the judge retorted. "We'll reconvene at three this afternoon. Meanwhile, Clarence, please advise Mr. Vadimere Wycherley of his rights. If what Miss Bonnett has stated bares out and I believe it will, I shall be issuing a bench warrant for his arrest on the charges of sexual violation of a minor and incest." 
The reconvened court session lasted two minutes and the three o'clock session was also brief.
"Linda Wycherley," the judge said. "You are to remain a state ward until your eighteenth birthday and placed under the continuing foster care of Miss Renee Bonnett and Mr. Lem Erksberg. Do you have any comments?" 
Linda stood with her body shaking. "There is one request, Your Honour," she whispered.
"And that is?" 
"My mother, Your Honour. I believe she was a victim as much as I was. Can she visit me if she wants to?" 
The judge looked across the room to where a devastated Lydia Wycherley stood with her face a picture of torment. Clarence Squartrili had told her everything and her husband had been arrested.
"Do you wish to have contact with Linda, Mrs. Wycherley?"
"Yes, Your Honour," the woman sobbed.
"So be it," the judge declared. "You can have visitation rights but only when one of Linda's guardians or an adult they nominate is present. You are not to approach her in a public place and must give two days notice whenever you wish to visit. When in contact, you will not discuss religious beliefs or influence her on moral issues. If these conditions are not met, the right to see your daughter will be withdrawn. Do you understand the conditions, Mrs. Wycherley?" 
"Yes," Lydia whispered and she looked at Linda. "I'm sorry, Love," she sobbed and surrounded by several women dressed with scarves on their hair, left the courtroom
"This hearing is closed," Judge Johan Koberstein ordered.
Linda turned into Renee's arms before she moved on to Courtney, Ken and Lem, all in court to support her.
"Oh my God." She sobbed. "Thank you, Renee." 
"Come on. We can go home." 
"My home, too," Linda whispered.
"Yes, Linda," Lem added. "As long as you want, it is your home, too." 
Arm in arm, the five walked from the courtroom into a warm Seattle summer's day, climbed into a pearl white Cadillac and headed out the car lot. AS they drove away, Renee noticed a frail, handcuffed Vadimere Wycherley being hustled into a parked police wagon.
*
Linda never had the trauma of being a witness against her father, for at a lower court hearing the next day, he pleaded guilty to the charges filed against him and was remanded in custody to a higher court hearing a month later for sentencing.
"So what happens now?" she asked Renee when she was told the news.
"Your father will get between seven and twelve years in jail. With good behaviour and the usual parole conditions, he could be out in four or five." 
"I see," Linda replied in a solemn voice. Her eyes reached to Renee. They were dry but serious. "The worst part was feeling utterly alone. There was no way to stop it." She sighed. "We did at the end, though." 
"And that took courage, Linda. Remember, you were a victim. I think at the end your father knew that and this is the reason for his guilty plea." 
"Possibly," Linda replied. "He won't be able to cope with imprisonment, you know. It will kill him." 
"And do you care?"
"Strangely, I do, not for what he did to me or how he treated Mom but he was part of my life for fifteen years. I can't forget him, Renee. There were good times, you know. Is that wrong of me?" 
"No," Renee whispered. "It shows what sort of person you are, Linda. We're all so proud of you." 
"And I'm grateful for everything you've done for us all, Ken, Courtney and myself. We love you and Lem. If you ever need our help you only need to ask." 
"I'll remember that," Renee replied in a humble voice. "Thank you." She smiled at her youngest charge and reached out to squeeze her hands.
*

 CHAPTER 24
"My God, I'm exhausted," Courtney exclaimed as she watched a weary Linda pack up for the day. The two girls were employed at Law Bonus for the summer vacation and had completed another week's work. "I never knew there was so much paper work to do."
"Yeah," Linda replied. "I wonder what they did before there were computers."
Renee walked in and smiled at the girls. "So you still want to be a lawyer, Courtney? It's ninety-five percent hard work and five percent glamour."
"I do. And Linda is, too."
"Are you, Linda?" Renee looked surprised. "I thought you were interested in technology and electronics."
"I know but after the hearing I realized how important your occupation is. They talk about justice and freedom but it doesn't just happen, does it?"
"How do you mean?" Renee replied.
"Take me," Linda said quietly. "If you hadn't fought for my rights, the law would have sent me back to my parents and my father never would have been punished." She gulped. "He may have started attacking me again. The right things don't happen automatically, do they?"
"No," Renee said. "They don't."
"Jake never got caught," Courtney added. "I'll bet he's still in Florida attacking women and getting away with it because they're too poor or scared to get help."
"Possibly but he might be caught," Renee responded. "Nobody is beyond the law. As for poor people, I guess half my clients would fall into that category, you know."
"That's what we want to do, isn't it, Linda?" Courtney said. 
The younger girl nodded and reached for a stack of documents piled in front of the computer. "Perhaps by the time we graduate, all this documentation will be replaced by voice-controlled computer records. You know, 'Computer. Give me a two thousand word summary of all custody cases Miss Renee Bonnett has won in the last two years.'"
"Yeah," Courtney added. "And judges will be replaced by computers fed information."
"But who feeds the information?" Renee asked.
"Other computers." Linda laughed. "On second thought, perhaps I should go into electronics after all."
*
Across the city Lem walked into the factory's panel and paint shop and found Ken hard at work sanding down his Mustang. The youth had a vacation job at Epsilon Products and Lem let him bring the car to be repainted. Every lunch hour and after work for over a week, Ken had been hard at work preparing the vehicle.
"It's looking good," Lem said when Ken switched off the sander and removed his safety goggles.
"Yeah, it's almost ready for the undercoat," Ken replied. He wiped a grubby rag across his sweaty brow, stood back and admired his work. The Mustang was in pristine condition with every dent and scratch removed.
"So what colour is it going to be?"
"Fire truck red with a black strip along the side," Ken said. "Courtney picked the colours. I was going to have yellow but reckon red will be pretty cool."
Lem grinned. Ken and Courtney seemed serious about each other and both were like different people now. Of course, Courtney always chatted a lot but Ken had been a real introvert.
"By the way," Ken interrupted. "Who owns that RV over there?"
He nodded at a medium-sized RV parked across the garage. It had been repainted a two-tone blue and one of Lem's employees had added French Maiden in curly yellow letters above the windshield.
"Well, actually it's mine," Lem responded. "Want to have a look inside?"
"Sure."
The RV was self-contained with a shower cubical and toilet unit. Along one wall was a tiny sink, while the nearside held two couches and a table that folded out.
"The bedroom is at the back," Lem explained and pushed open a narrow door adjacent to the shower unit. Beyond was a bedroom with a double bed and a small but serviceable wardrobe. "The couches in the main room slide out to become beds. It was a four berth but I've added an extra bunk above the driving area." 
He walked to the front and opened a curtain to show a top bunk in a curved space big enough for someone to lie down.
"Why five bunks?" Ken asked.
"Well, I can hardly let you squeeze in with Courtney every night, now can I?"
Ken frowned, then he realized what Lem was saying. "You mean you're planning a vacation for us?"
"That's my idea." Lem chuckled. "I reckon we can head up to British Columbia, through the Rockies to Alberta and back down to the States. I want to revisit those Wyoming caves where I met Renee and Courtney. I'm planning on two to three weeks. Interested?"
"Am I what?" Ken replied with a grin. "What do Renee and the girls think of the idea?"
"I've no idea," Lem replied. "It's our big surprise. I've persuaded Renee to take a vacation but she doesn't know about French Maiden. So don't say anything yet. Okay?"
"Sure," Ken replied with a smile. He spent several moments examining the fittings before he went outside and walked around the RV. "Did the name come with it?"
"No. It was called Mamma and Poppa but that didn't sound like us, so I changed it.
"But why French Maiden?"
"Well," explained Lem with a chuckle. "Renee is a French name and she is a maiden, isn't she?"
"Of course. I didn't realize. She'll love it."
"I hope so." Lem replied and broke into a wide smile. He had bought the RV in rundown condition months ago but had only recently decided to renovate it. "I plan to bring it home on Sunday. The paint will be dry by then. If everyone agrees we can head off late next week."
*
"There it is." Linda shouted. "I've never been out of Washington State before, let alone the whole country."
French Maiden had been waved through United States Customs and was passing the Peace Arch on the border. Ahead was another customs but this had a massive red maple leaf flying from the flagpole.
Lem pulled the vehicle to a stop. Linda stared, fascinated at the different uniforms and grinned at the young Canadian officer who stuck his head in the driver's window.
"All Americans or Canadians aboard, Sir?" He asked Lem but was gazing at Linda and Courtney who shared the front seat.
"Americans," Lem replied.
The customs officer asked a couple more questions, glanced at Lem's passport and waved them through after a pleasant, "Welcome to Canada. I hope you have a enjoyable stay."
Linda was astounded. "I thought they'd make us get out, check our identities and search the RV," she said as Lem accelerated.
"He spent his time sizing you up and down," Ken said.
"Yes," Lem added. "There's nothing like a pretty face to make it easy. I reckon if Ken was with me they'd have had us in a side bay for half an hour and have all the wheels off the RV."
"Would they?" Linda was all eyes and quite serious.
"He's teasing you." Renee laughed. "It's usually quite straight forward going over the border but they do have random checks at times."
I-5 now became Highway 99. A massive sign stated the distances in kilometres rather than miles, the car license plates were increasingly British Columbian but everything else seemed the same.
It had been a hectic week after Lem had brought the RV home. As Ken had predicted, Renee was thrilled with the surprise. She was somewhat overwhelmed by the size of French Maiden but had been persuaded by Lem to drive it a short distance. They spent the first night on the farm with Jack and Diane and left at six in the morning to head north.
It was only a little after eight-thirty and the traffic was bumper to bumper as commuters headed to work. Lem took a highway east to avoid Vancouver itself, joined the Trans-Canada Highway 1 and headed towards towering mountains ahead.
Now they were in Canada. It felt as if their holiday had really begun.
*
Ten days later, after stays at Jasper, Calgary and across the provincial border in Saskatchewan, the five headed back into the United States through Montana. After several more days when they stopped at remote campsites, they drove into the same campground in Wyoming that Renee and Lem stayed at before the accident in Misty Depths Catacombs. Even though it was almost a year since they were trapped in the cave, Renee felt as if it was the next day.
The log cabins looked the same, barbecue grills smoked and picnic tables were full of people munching food. Children were everywhere, while harassed parents tended to their chores.
"You know," she said to Lem as he pulled French Maiden next to the administration building. "I reckon those are the same two old guys sitting at that picnic table gossiping."
"Probably are. Often vacationers come back year after year to the same place to meet old friends. I'll go and find our site number."
Moments later they were in one of the circular lanes not far from the cabin Renee had originally stayed in and the three younger members of their party went off to orientate themselves.
"Well, Sweetheart," Renee said. "It's a long way to come on the off chance of finding a jacket but I'm glad we did." She lifted her sun hat and wiped a hand over her tanned face. "My God, it's hot. I hope the swimming pool isn't too crowded."
*
The next morning, Lem rented a Jeep Wrangler and the five set off to Misty Depths Catacombs. The road had been widened and the top parking lot was extended around a new national park office erected at the site. Even though it was still early, a dozen vehicles were parked and people were in a group listening to a guide giving instructions.
Renee accompanied the others into the office and looked around. The small but practical, building smelled of new paint and included an entrance foyer with one wall made into a notice board.
"Look Lem," she said as she tucked her arm through his. "They've got a map of the caves."
Lem nodded and walked across the room. "Look at this." He traced his finger across one section of the map. "It shows the lower cavern where we were trapped. See, that's where we fell in…"
"Excuse me," a stranger's voice interrupted. "It's Renee, Lem and Courtney, isn't it? Lem phoned last night about visiting the site of the cave-in where you were trapped."
Renee turned to see a woman national park ranger smiling at them. "Why yes. We couldn't resist returning."
"I'm Stephanie Jelgersma," the ranger replied. "I helped in your rescue."
"Of course," Courtney said. "You kept our morale up by talking to us over the speaker and later we could see you on that tiny television monitor."
"That's correct," Stephanie replied. "As you can see, we have made quite a few improvements here."
"Yes, I noticed they've included the cavern we were in on the wall map," Lem replied.
"The tunnel they bore through to rescue you has been widened and the aluminium cylinder has been reinforced and made into a permanent structure. At the end they have built wooden stairs down to the lower cavern." She waved her hand. "It's quite a tourist attraction. People come from all over the country to see the glowworms."
Lem frowned. "But what about the higher levels where the slip occurred?"
"They're closed to the public. A few locals have gone in to inspect the damage but with this new section open, the rest has been left." She glanced up. "I know you told us you wanted to go there. Is there any special reason, Lem?"
"I lost a jacket in the area, that's all," Lem replied. "I think I dropped it before the avalanche. Why, is there a problem?"
"I'd like you to speak to Chuck Nguyen, if you don't mind. He's one of the Native American elders who took part in your rescue last year."
Renee noticed Lem's glance and grimaced. There was uncertainty in the woman's tone. 
"Of course," Lem said. "When can we meet him?"
"He's waiting in the break room," Stephanie replied. "We can go through."
The elderly man stood as they entered the room, shook hands with everyone and fixed his gray eyes on Renee. 
"You're the young lady unfortunate enough to break an ankle in the fall when Samual was killed?"
Renee smiled slightly. "Yes. I'm so sorry about Sam. That was a tragedy. Was he related to you?" 
"My grandson," Chuck Nguyen replied. "He's the reason you should not go back into the cave."
"Why?" Courtney interrupted but clamped her mouth shut when Ken caught her eye.
"I'm sure there's a good reason for your concern, Chuck." Renee sounded like a lawyer. "We would like to hear it, please."
"One of our ancient legends states that when a member of the tribe is killed in a tragedy, their spirit remains in the area to guard their mortal remains. For reasons unknown, Samual's life was lost in the accident and you were injured." The old eyes turned to Courtney. "I believe you were hurt, too, my young friend."
"Me?" Courtney shrugged. "Not really. I was knocked out but otherwise, fine."
"And you, Lem?" The Native American's eyes shifted to the man he was talking to.
"I survived intact," Lem said.
"We believe there is a reason behind all tragic deaths," Chuck continued. "The Great Spirit took Samual that day but spared all of you with a warning."
"My broken ankle," Renee replied.
"Exactly. You are an astute young woman, Renee. It is our belief that if you return to the spot of the tragedy within twelve full moons, the episode will be repeated. There have been only eleven full moons since Samual's death." He stopped and waited before continuing in a hushed voice. "You may not be so fortunate the next time."
Courtney paled slightly. "You mean, there will be another avalanche and we'll be in it?" she whispered.
"It may not take that form, Courtney but the signs are there. Do not tempt fate. Come back after the next full moon and all will be well."
Lem spoke for the first time. "We'll be back at work then, I'm afraid."
"It is your decision," Chuck added. "I can only warn you."
"What a load of old rubbish," Linda burst out in an angry tone. "It's just superstition."
"Possibly, young lady." Chuck's eyes rested on the youngest member of the party for the first time. "But someone of your tender age should not be so cynical."
Linda's face went crimson, while Renee fixed her with a serious gaze but said nothing.
"I'm sorry," Linda apologized. "I did not mean to show disrespect."
"No offense taken." Chuck smiled at Linda. "My concern is not for you or your young companion." He glanced at Ken. "Or Lem for that matter. You three are not affected and may enter the cave in perfect safety."
"Why me?" Lem asked. "I was in the avalanche."
"But were unhurt, Lem," continued Chuck. "The Great Spirit chose to ignore you. Only Renee and Courtney were given the warning. They are the only ones who should not trespass in the cave, or even be in the vicinity." He stood and rested a hand on Lem's shoulder and stepped towards the door. "I'll leave you to discuss my warning. Thank you for the courtesy of listening to an old man." 
At the last moment the elderly Native American turned and fixed his eyes on Linda. "I can see you had a great tragedy in the past, Linda Wycherley," he said in little more than a gruff whisper. "However, I can predict a successful future for you, my young friend. You shall become a great leader in your chosen career." He smiled and before he disappeared added, "Law isn't it?"
"How did he know my last name and that I was thinking of studying law?" Linda gasped and turned to Renee. "Did you tell him?"
"No," Renee replied. "You heard everything I said to Chuck."
*

CHAPTER 25
After Chuck left the break room, Lem glanced at his companions, all of whom were silent.
"Don't worry too much about Chuck," he said. "It's an old superstition."
"I don't agree," Renee replied. "There's more to it than that."
"Oh come on, Renee. I agree with Linda. I've never known you to be affected by silly beliefs before."
"I was thinking more about Chuck than what he said." Her wide blue eyes stared into his.
"What do you mean?" 
"The point is that he believes it."
"So?" It was Courtney who spoke.
"He came to warn us. He didn't have to come. There was nothing in it for him personally."
"Okay, the old guy was being kind but why should that make any difference?" Lem was annoyed.
"As a lawyer I meet people with all sorts of beliefs, devout Catholics, Jews, clients who believe in faith healing and so on. I have learned to respect their different faiths and opinions. It's the same with Chuck. How do you think he would feel if we ignore his advice? I have Native American clients. How do you think they would react if they knew I ignored their beliefs and protocol?"
"That's a silly argument," Lem retorted. 
"Renee is right." Stephanie was still in the room and spoke. "If you ignore Chuck and go into the cave, he will say nothing, nor will other members of his family." She stopped and glanced at Lem. "He will be offended, though. Native Americans are a proud people who are widely discriminated against."
"And I am not prepared to be like that," Renee added in a determined voice. "I am not going in that cave today."
"Okay," Lem broke into a smile and reached out to touch Renee's arm but she pulled away.
"I mean it, Lem," she said in a stern voice. "I am not prepared to hurt an old man's pride because of yours."
Lem sighed and looked back at the ranger. "If I went in the cave, would Chuck be offended?"
Stephanie shook her head. "No. Only Renee and Courtney are involved."
"What do you think, Courtney?" Lem asked.
"I support Renee," she said. "Old Chuck lost his grandson in the cave-in. The least we can do is respect his wishes."
"He's a strange old guy," Linda added. "When he looked at me I felt he could see inside and read my mind." She shuddered. "I don't know how he knew so much about me."
"A good guess," Ken added. "After all, he would know Renee is a lawyer, so chances are you would be interested, too."
"Okay then," Lem said. "I still want to go in the cave. Who's coming with me?"
"I will," Ken said and glanced at Courtney. "You don't mind?"
"Of course not." The girl smiled and looked pleased to be asked. "But I'm part of Chuck's premonition, so I'll stay with Renee."
"And you, Linda?" Lem asked.
"I'd love to go in the cave," she said in a doubtful voice.
"Then go," Renee said. "Courtney and I will be fine. We can go back to the campground or do a forest hike and come back in three or four hours to pick you up."
With the agreement reached, the group went into the parking lot where Chuck was waiting with two younger men from his tribe. Renee walked up with her hand held out.
"Courtney and I are not going in the cave," she said as she shook the old man's hand and held his intense gaze. "We respect your wishes and thank you for coming here today."
Chuck's lips turned ever so slightly into a trace of a smile. "I can see why you're a respected and successful lawyer, Renee Bonnett. It takes courage to respect those who are different than you. When I am in your city, I shall respect your customs. Thank you." He turned to the man standing a step behind her. "Don't be angry with her, Lem. She is a jewel that you can be proud of."
"I am," Lem replied and reached for Renee again.
This time she did not pull away but tucked her head under his chin. His arms went around her waist and he held her close.
*
Stephanie led Lem, Ken and Linda into the Misty Depths Catacombs. Courtney turned to Renee.
"I have an idea," she said. "There's a new road to where the explosion was on the eastern side. Why don't we drive there? Stephanie told me the view is awesome. A whole section of the mountainside collapsed on itself and took the forest and everything with it."
Renee frowned but let Courtney lead her inside to examine the wall map. The red line zigzagged up and around the mountain to another parking lot. She read the words written beneath. Gravel road. Four-wheel drive vehicles only. Closed in winter. Top mile is one way with passing bay. She glanced up. "I don't know." 
Courtney measured the line against the scale. "It's only a bit over three miles."
"Yeah, straight up," Renee retorted.
"Come on. It's a beautiful day with no wind and not a cloud in sight." She walked to the counter where a young guy was only too keen to chat.
"The road is gravel but in good condition," he said in answer to her query. "The top section is narrow but you can see well ahead. The view today will be fantastic and there's a forest trail that circles the crater. It's about an hour's walk. If you're going there, go now. During the afternoon it gets crowded." He grinned at Courtney and handed her a glossy pamphlet of the area.
"Well," Courtney said enthusiastically to her friend. "We can take the walk and still be back in time to meet the others."
"Okay," Renee relented. "But I drive."
Courtney screwed up her nose but it was obvious that she didn't really mind. She ran out to the Wrangler and disconnected the soft top. Renee made no comment but was relieved to see that there were two roll bars and roof frame joining the windshield. 
As soon as they left the car lot, stones from the gravel crunched the underside of the jeep. It was steep. Renee grinned at a sign that stated Sound Your Horn as she drove through a tunnel cut under a fir-covered peak and headed around a tight corner. Now, unexpectedly, the road ran downhill in a long zigzag and disappeared into the firs. They drove around yet another corner where the view from the road showed nothing except the sky and the valley below.
"Look," screamed Courtney as she held one of the crash bars and half stood, restrained by her seat belt. "I can see the ranger building and cave entrance. My God, it's hundreds of feet below."
Renee didn't look. She had her eyes glued on the road. It was now one way and there was no sign of any passing bay. Four heavy tread tires gripped the dusty gravel and the vehicle growled forward in low gear. 
*
The loud roar of a diesel engine working to capacity hit their ears and another vehicle, followed by a bellowing cloud of dust, screamed around the corner above.
"Renee," Courtney screamed. "Stop!"
But Renee had already applied the brakes and pulled to the right wooden safety rail.
Thundering down at them was a massive pick-up truck, all gigantic wheels, high-suspension and bull bars. The screech of brakes out-blasted the engine roar and Renee had a glimpse of a startled face and white hands wrestling with a steering wheel.
The pick-up swayed towards the cliff side on it's right, the driver over-corrected and the vehicle was upon them. There was no room. An outside bar clipped the stationary jeep, steel grated against steel and the smaller vehicle was slammed against the rail. The pick-up's outside wheels mounted the side of the jeep, jolted it and slid off. The truck lurched away but returned a microsecond later to collide into the rear of the jeep. The momentum pushed them through the barrier in a shower of splinting wood.
The scream of a roaring motor and smell of burning rubber filled Renee's senses. She knew they were falling but could see only a blur. Pain shot through her body. Everything happened so quickly she could not comprehend the other sensations fed into her mind. All she could see could see was blue sky. The road, safety rail and pick-up were gone.
They were dropping. The sky disappeared and was replaced by a smudge of dark green as fir trees raced towards them. Renee's stomach reacted as the jeep hit the ground twenty feet below the road, bounced and slammed down again in a jaw-splitting thump.
Courtney's high-pitched scream hit her ears.
They hit the ground again but all Renee could see was an air bag an inch in front of her eyes. Her gasping breath could not find enough air. Without warning, the jeep slewed sideways and toppled. There was another tremendous jolt and the sky appeared again.
Oh shit. It was beneath them. This sensation was worse than the cave avalanche.
Renee didn't realize until later but the jeep rolled right over. The roll bars worked perfectly and saved their lives. With the wheels beneath it again, the sturdy vehicle bounced and skidded to a halt against the trunk of a gigantic fir tree. Beyond was a vertical drop into the valley hundreds of feet below.
She opened her eyes and struggled for breath. There was nothing but twisted steel around her. She attempted to move but pain, familiar pain, shot up her right leg. Though she couldn't see it, she knew her ankle was broken again.
She glanced to the right and saw a mop of blonde hair pressed against an air bag.
"Courtney!" she screamed but there was no reply.
*
Linda gazed at the ghostly white walls reflected in her helmet light. Apart from them, all she could see was Stephanie's silhouette in front. Behind were Lem and Ken. She wasn't scared but it was not the place she would want to be alone.
"How's it going back there?" Stephanie's voice had that hollow echo as it bounced off the walls.
"We're still here." Lem's voice bounced back.
"The cave gets low and narrow for a while but then opens out," Stephanie warned.
Low...my God. Linda was not expecting anything so tiny. She was the smallest there but found little space to manoeuvre. How could Lem cope? She crawled forward on hands and knees until her flashlight beam showed space above and a slight breeze tickled her cheek.
"You can stand now." Stephanie's reassuring voice echoed.
Linda scrambled to her feet and turned to see Lem's face as a shadow behind his bright flashlight. He was lying on his stomach with only his head and shoulders visible. He shifted and his eyes became visible.
"Renee's too much of a good cook."
"Why?" Linda asked.
Lem grimaced. "I must have put on a bit of weight over the last year. I seem to be stuck."
Stephanie took charge. She wedged herself past the teenager and squatted by Lem. 
"Try going back," she suggested.
Lem grinned and wriggled his shoulders. For a second his shoulders lifted and dust made a thousand pinpoints of floating flakes in the flashlight beams. His lips pursed in effort and pieces of loam crushed in a pile by his shoulders and slid to the ground. He continued different manoeuvres before he heaved and collapsed onto his stomach.
"It's no good," he said and glanced up with an embarrassed smile. "My arms are pinned in by the walls and I can get no grip with my feet. I'm really wedged in, I'm afraid."
*
When the jeep smashed through the safety rail, Courtney bounced against the roll bar. She would have been crushed beneath the vehicle as it rolled but she was pulled back by her seat belt.
Her head ached but she realized the car had left the road. She could see Kathleen holding the wheel of the Honda but where were Sada and Brigitte?
"Sada! Brigitte!" she screamed. There were red flashing lights and the stink of hot oil and blood everywhere. Warm blood. Her own! 
A flashlight shone in her eyes and screaming filled her ears. It sounded like Kathleen. She struggled to move but throbbing pain cut through her mind. Lights flashed outside and she found it difficult to breathe.
"Hello, there young lady," said a kind voice. "Just lie still. We'll get you out soon. The seat belt saved you." The highway patrol officer's head turned. "We need help here. There's a lot of blood."
The teenager lost consciousness.
She awoke to find her eyes firmly closed. Where were the flashing lights? And the policeman? God, her head ached. She passed a hand across her face and it came away sticky. She could smell something burning. Something hot was shining on her. She forced her eyes open to find it wasn't dark. The sun was blazing down. No, it was gone. Instead there was a cloud of black smoke across her vision. She could smell the stench of hot flames but they were not burning. It was such a strange sensation.
"Courtney!" A voice from a million miles away pierced her brain. She focused but it wasn't Kathleen staring at her. Someone else was there, a person she should know… a kind face… someone with red hair and bright blue eyes. This was a friend, she realized that but she couldn't attach a name to the image. "Courtney," her friend said. "Can you hear me?"
She could smell other things now...fir trees. That lovely aroma of Christmas trees flooded her mind. She could see the blue sky and that concerned face, normally confident and happy but now her friend looked worried. What was there to worry about?
God her face stung. Courtney shut her eyes and without warning, her memory flooded back. She opened her eyes and smiled.
"Hi Renee," she croaked. "Chuck was damn well right, wasn't he?"
*
After more frantic manoeuvres, all Lem seemed able to manage was to wedge himself in tighter. He was good- humoured about his predicament and listened as Stephanie shouted suggestions to Ken behind him.
Linda watched but felt redundant.
"Shall I go ahead and check what's there?" she asked.
"You can," Stephanie said. "But be careful. As far as I know the tunnel will become blocked or drop into the cavern below. Don't take any risks."
"It won't be blocked," Linda replied. "Otherwise there would be no air movement. There's a distinct breeze coming towards us."
"That's a good point," Stephanie commented and switched her attention back to Lem. "Can you turn sideways, Lem. If you could do that... " Her voice drifted on but Linda had stopped listening.
She took a few steps forward, noticed the area widen slightly and the roof disappear into darkness. She turned, could see the other flashlights, so walked to a bend ahead. Darkness closed behind her. She shivered, more in anticipation than from the cold and decided to return. It was deadly quiet but the soft breeze hit her cheeks.
"Three more bends, Linda," she said to herself. There were no side tunnels so she wouldn't get lost.
With thumping heart and one hand running along the wall for reassurance, she moved forward around another bend, the second and finally the third. Without her flashlight, it would be pitch black. No, this wasn't right. Linda reached up and clicked her flashlight off. Claustrophobic darkness enveloped her and she was about to switch it on again when her expanding pupils noticed a gray haze.
Though fearful, Linda was curious. She edged forward and around the next corner.
She gasped and stopped dead still.
The tunnel disappeared into blackness and she could feel the breeze again but it was coming from between her legs. She could feel the wall on her right and reached in the opposite direction with her left hand. Yes, the opposite wall was there.
A sound made her leap in fright. Voices. The faint rumble of voices appeared to float with the breeze from below.
And there were lights. Millions of blue dots, like stars on a clear summer's night, spread in a tremendous dome above her. Of course, she was in a cavern and they were glowworms.
Dozens of feet below, three flashlights shone and the voices returned. Fascinated now, rather than scared, Linda sat and edged herself forward a few feet on her bottom but stopped. The floor beneath her had gone. There was just a drop into darkness and the people way below. They would be the group she saw at the parking lot when they arrived and this must be the cavern Lem, Renee and Courtney fell into. 
Linda smiled. She still had her flashlight off and felt like an aerial spy watching the tourists. The voices were so sharp she could almost distinguish the words. A few moments later, the tourists moved away, until everything became dark again, except, of course, for the heaven of glowworms above.
Linda lost all sense of time but realized she had been playing spy for quite a while. She wondered about Lem's predicament, decided she had better return and crawled backwards. She stood, turned back the way she had come and clicked on her flashlight.
"My God," she squealed and her heart leapt into her throat. 
Something was lying on the ground.
Terror gripped her until she forced herself to move her head so her helmet flashlight focused on the object. She held her heaving chest and stared transfixed, then as quickly as the emotions appeared they dissipated, for she realized what was there.
She chuckled and bent down to pick up a bulky jacket. It must have been lying there for a year. With a cheeky grin, she put it on. The garment was so large it went around her twice and reached beyond the bottom of her shorts. She was certain it was Lem's jacket. Nobody else would have one this size.
Feeling proud of her discovery, Linda set off to find the others.
*

CHAPTER 26
"Well, at least I got out the correct side," Lem lamented after he managed to free himself from the narrow section of the cave.
He grinned at Ken and rubbed dust off his clothes. "Want to go through?"
"Not really," Ken admitted. "But I can't leave the other two."
He squatted and was about to crawl through the gap when Stephanie called out that they were coming back. It was a smirking Linda who appeared first. She slid out with an object tucked beneath her.
"Look what I found?" she said in an unsuccessful attempt to remain serious and held the bulky fabric up.
"My jacket," Lem exclaimed. "What a little beauty you are."
Stephanie returned and they all watched grinning while Lem went through the pockets. He produced a jack-knife, two handkerchiefs, some candy bars, a set of keys and several pieces of paper. "Well, Patrick is out of luck. There's no sign of a necklace. It was a long shot, anyway."
"But you got your jacket back," Ken said. "It looks like a pretty good one to me."
"It's an old favourite," Lem admitted and burst into laughter.
Linda gave him a curious look.
"I was thinking of Chuck's premonition," Lem explained. "If I got stuck so firmly, imagine what would have happened to Renee and Courtney if they'd come with us?"
"I see what you mean," Linda replied. "The roof could have caved in or anything."
Ken laughed but the ranger gave a slight smile and didn't join in the banter. 
"I'm glad it worked out okay," she said. "Come on. Let's head back. We've been down here over two hours."
Lem glanced at his two younger companions and raised his eyebrows. The locals seemed serious about the Native American's rites and customs. He gave Linda and Ken an affectionate hug and followed Stephanie along the tunnel.
*
The party arrived at the surface fifty minutes later to a scene of frantic activity. People stood everywhere. Police and park vehicles were parked haphazardly. A rescue helicopter hovered overhead. Lem frowned and watched as a police sergeant met them.
"There's nothing to worry about, Mr. Erksberg, but I'm afraid that members of your family have been involved in a traffic accident, " the officer said in a sombre voice.
"What happened?" Ken interrupted in a shout. "Tell me, what happened to Courtney?" His eyes, as wide as saucers, never left the police officer. "She's not dead, is she?"
Lem glanced up and noticed a coroner's hearse parked beside the police cars. The vehicle's rear doors were open and officers were clearing spectators away so the helicopter could land.
An officer walked up and interrupted them. "Excuse me, sergeant, I've been told to tell you they're going to unload the two body bags here and take the wounded to Wyoming Medical Center in Casper."
"No." Ken staggered so severely he almost fell. "It can't be?"
The sergeant turned to the shaking youth. "It's not what you think, Son," he apologized. "I'm sorry about the confusion. The fatalities are from the other vehicle, which exploded. The jeep was pushed off the road and rolled into a ravine. Your friends had seat belts on and are not seriously hurt. Miss Bonnett has a broken ankle and Miss Howlett, facial lacerations."
"Thank God," Lem replied, his own face white. He stopped and stared at the sergeant. "Broken ankle, you say?"
"Yes," the man replied. "We believe Miss Bonnett broke her right ankle."
"Oh shit," Lem whispered.
He wrapped his arms around Linda and Ken as they watched the helicopter land and medics wheel two plastic-covered bodies out.
"There's room on board if you three would like to go to the hospital," the sergeant shouted above the helicopter's engine roar.
"Right." Lem sprang into life. "Come on, kids. Let's go."
Inside the small cabin, Courtney, who had a large Band-Aid across her right cheek, smiled as Ken rushed in and seized her in his arms.
"Whoa, there big guy," she shouted. "I'm okay. Just a few cuts, that's all. It's poor Renee who's broken her ankle."
Across the cabin Renee looked up. "I'm sorry, Lem. It happened so quickly. This pick-up ran us off the road and…"
"Shut up," Lem retorted and bent down to hug her in his arms.
A medic shut the door, the engine roared and the helicopter lifted off.
*
Renee limped from the emergency room with her right leg in a heavy bandage but it was not in plaster. "It wasn't broken," she told the others. "Only sprained and bruised."
"Tell them the rest." Lem said.
"Well, I've had quite a bit of pain over the last few months. The surgeon said it's a pinched nerve damaged during my original accident. The dislocation and bruising put extra pressure on this nerve, hence the sharp pain."
Courtney's face had swollen and she supported a bandage around one arm and her waist. She grinned. "I know exactly how it feels. The doctor said I had two cracked ribs but there's little they can do." She smiled at Ken. "Bruising hugs are strictly forbidden."
"Kissing is still allowed, though," Ken added in a deadpan voice and reached over to kiss her one cheek that wasn't covered in a sterile dressing.
"Ken!" Courtney screamed. "Not in front of these old guys."
"We found out something else. Nothing to do with the accident," Lem said and glanced at Renee who flushed slightly.
"It appears I'm pregnant," she whispered.
"Oh my God, you aren't?" Linda gasped.
"They gave me a thorough examination," Renee continued but stopped when the girls rushed to hug her.
Ken, meanwhile, stuck a hand out to Lem. "You've got a twenty-year contract there, Old Fellow," he said with a slight smirk. "Cost you a couple of hundred thousand bucks over all."
"Yeah, well," Lem replied and gripped his friend's hand. "I guess I'd better call our last agreement off and head for Europe."
"Don't you dare," Renee retorted and produced her left hand to show a diamond engagement ring. "We thought it would save the embarrassment of sorting out a surname for junior."
"How did you get that so quickly, Lem?" Courtney asked. "Don't tell me you just whipped down to the jewellers."
"Tell them, Lem." Renee saw Ken's quizzical expression and burst into laughter. "No Ken, I will not be a nagging wife."
"I've had it for over a month," Lem admitted. "This seemed to be a good opportunity."
"Yeah," Linda teased. "Catch a girl when she's vulnerable."
"Barefoot and pregnant," Courtney retorted. "Going to keep her in the kitchen, Lem?"
Renee realized she was indeed bare-footed. She limped back to the examination room to recover her shoes.
*
The next surprise came the following day when they were back in French Maiden preparing to head home. Renee was packing clothes and picked up Lem's jacket. The odds and ends had been removed from the pockets but she rummaged through again and took out odd bits of paper. There were the usual things, a credit card receipt, checkout counter slips and candy wrappings. In an inside pocket was a piece of folded pink paper that looked like an invoice. She unfolded it and read the contents.
She grabbed Lem. "Look at this, Sweetheart."
Lem stopped and glanced over Renee's shoulder. "What is it?"
"A receipt for a safety deposit box in a Seattle branch of the Bank of America. It's made out to Nikki Fromont."
"That was Nikki's maiden name," Lem said and grabbed the paper. "This could be it." He read the carbon copy but it didn't tell a lot more. There was a number, Nikki's name and a fifteen-month-old date. He studied the small writing on the back of the receipt and read one section out loud. "Keep your access number in a secure place. In the event of your bank card being lost, this number, as well as proof of identity, is required for access to your safety deposit box." Lem glanced up. "Interesting. Perhaps Patrick will get his necklace back after all."
*
Whether it was a family heirloom or not, Lem and Renee didn't know but the diamond necklace they withdrew from the box glittered in their hands.
"My God." Renee gasped. "This is worth a fortune."
"Quarter a million or more," Lem replied as he ran the glittering diamonds through his fingers.
"So what do we do with it?"
"I don't believe a long drawn out lawsuit on whether it was a gift to Nikki or not is worthwhile. If you agree, I think we should tell Patrick we have it."
"I'm not greedy," Renee said. "But I do think Linda deserves some of that reward he hinted at. After all, if she hadn't gone on and found your jacket, it could still be lying in the cave. I doubt if any of us would have bothered to go back again."
"Agreed," Lem replied. "I'll give Patrick a call."
                                  
*
The meeting with Patrick McQuilkin was held in Renee's office with Lem and Linda present. The elderly man's eyes lit up when Renee brought the box out from the firm's safe, placed it on her table and opened it.
"Yes," Patrick whispered and lifted the necklace up. "It originally belonged to my grandmother." He turned and smiled at Linda. "You found his jacket that had the invoice in?"
"Well, sort of," Linda replied in a shy voice. "I happened to be the one who stumbled over it."
"Were you all there?" McQuilkin pressed.
"Yes. Ken and Lem were in the cave with me. Courtney and Renee went up the mountain and were in the jeep accident."
Patrick coughed. "So you earned the right to receive the reward."
Linda flushed. "I guess," she said in a shy voice.
"I believe you're starting at Washington State University in the new academic year?"
"Yes." 
"That is a remarkable achievement at your age," Patrick complemented. He fixed the girl with a long stare. "I never waste money, Linda but believe in sound investments."
Linda glanced at Renee and Lem but they appeared as perplexed as she was.
Patrick smiled. "I am prepared to pay your full tuition fees as long as you complete your degree in the usual four years. After that, you're on your own. Do you agree?"
"The lot? That's tens of thousands of dollars. I was going to take out a student loan."
"Yes," Patrick replied.
"Thank you, Mr. McQuilkin."
Patrick turned to Renee. "Could you make up a contract, Renee?"
"Of course."
"Oh, one other thing," Patrick added, almost as an afterthought. "Make out two similar contracts for Ken and Courtney. Since you good people have taken these youngsters under your care, I think it is only fair to treat them all the same, don't you?"
"Three contracts for full university fees for four years?" Renee was surprised.
"Better add a bit for living expenses," Patrick said with a smile. "Say ten thousand a year each for four years."
"Of course," Renee answered in a monotone and caught Linda's bewildered eyes. "I'll have it drawn up and ready for signing tomorrow."
*
"I can't believe it," Linda said after Pat McQuilkin shook everyone's hand, gathered up the diamond necklace and left. "He must be a multi-millionaire."
"Something like that," Lem replied. "Nikki knew how to pick her boyfriends, I'll give her that much."
"Can I use the phone, Renee? I left my cellphone in the car and want to call Ken and Courtney," Linda continued, her voice brimming with excitement.
"Sure," Renee replied. "Go ahead."
She watched the seventeen-year-old grab the telephone, reached over to Lem, found his hand and squeezed it so hard her fingers hurt. Somehow, she knew Patrick McQuilkin had made a sound investment in supporting their three charges.
*
The trial was halfway through the second day when Judge Ward interrupted the plaintiff's attorney with an abrupt, "I am declaring a fifteen minute recess and wish to speak to Mrs. Erksberg in my chambers." He glared at the defendant's attorney. "You, too, Mr. Pyratt."
Renee frowned and turned to the fifteen-year-old girl beside her. "It'll be okay, Tania," she said in a confident voice that she didn't feel. "There's some technical hitch, that's all."
"I hope so," the girl whispered. Her dark eyes looked haunted.
Renee swung a rotund body from the bench and limped across the courtroom. Every time she became tired her ankle ached but at least the baby had stopped kicking. She was determined to finish the case. It was so important, not only for Tania but the precedent it would set. She sighed and brushed a sweaty hand across her brow.
Once they were in the small anti-room the judge turned to Renee like a stern high school principal. "How many cases have you handled in this court over the last three weeks, Renee?" 
"Four," she replied, "but this is the only major one."
"And how long do you intend to stay here today?"
"Until the end of the hearing," Renee replied as she stood with a shaky hand gripping the edge of the judge's desk.
"Oh, sit down," Maurice Ward retorted and almost pushed Renee into an armchair.
Renee nodded, swung her body around and let go to collapse into the soft leather.
"How long is it before your infant is due?" the judge asked in a softer voice.
"Ten days."
"And your leg?"
"I know it's there."
"Well, I'm declaring you unfit to continue," Judge Ward said. "You are going home even if I have to call a cab to get you there."
Renee protested. "I have to bring my client to the stand. It is imperative I handle her with discretion, or she will freeze and everything we've gained will be lost."
"Get Suzanne Norwood to do it. She's a capable lawyer, Renee...a carbon copy of yourself in many ways. I'm sure she is well informed on what your approach will be."
"She is," Renee sighed.
"Mrs. Erksberg," the judge retorted. "You've won this case and we are now going through the motions. Don't you agree, Mr. Pyratt?"
The opposing lawyer gave an embarrassed cough. "As the respondent's attorney, I..."
"Can it, Peter," Ward interrupted. "You haven't a snowball's chance in hell and you know it."
"The girl may slip under my cross-examination," Pyratt replied, saw Renee's tired face and smiled. "Okay, Renee. I agree your client deserves to win. Get Suzanne to do the closing arguments and leave Tania off the stand. I'll tidy up my side and we'll save ourselves three hours."
"Thank you, Peter," Judge Maurice Ward said and turned back to the pregnant woman. "Do you need a cab, Renee?"
"No, I can drive myself."
"You will not." The judge reached for the telephone. "Who do I call?"
"Lem is in Everett renegotiating a contract with Boeing, so will be out of touch." Renee sighed. 
"Trouble? I noticed the big extension being built at Epsilon Products."
"No," Renee replied. "It's the opposite in fact. A while back Lem won a massive contract with the Airbus consortium. We also won another Boeing contract." She grinned. "So the two competing airplane companies will be using Epsilon components." 
"I'm pleased but that doesn't solve our immediate problem. I don't think you should go home to an empty house."
"I have the kids' cellphone numbers. They'll be at Washington State but one could be free."
"Good." The judge took the address book Renee handed him. 
*
Twenty minutes later Courtney arrived and escorted Renee to her car. "God, you look awful. I'm taking you straight to your doctor."
"No." Renee grimaced. "The maternity hospital, I think."
Courtney turned and stared at the redheaded mother-to-be. "Are you sure?"
"Yes." Renee managed to smile. "I'm getting pain in more places than my leg."
She leaned back and let Courtney concentrate on getting through the afternoon's traffic. A misty rain fell over the city and traffic moved at a walking pace. Courtney cursed and Renee bit her lip as another spasm of pain shot through her body. "They're getting closer."
"I know. I'll get you there."
The light changed to green, Courtney cut across a lane, ignored blaring horns and accelerated. She wasn't about to let her best friend down.
The End
*


EAGLE'S CLAW LAKE
Ross Richdale
Doctor Reid Tucker's intention to spend the summer at a remote cabin at Eagle's Claw Lake in northeast Washington State with only his dog, Cinders, never eventuates. 
On the trip there, pilot Kate Meltz flies the amphibian to a commune at the other end of the lake. While waiting on board, Reid pulls a desperate and distressed teenage girl, Lorie Somerville, from the water. This begins a frightening chain of events as fanatical commune leader, Peter Littlejohn, tries to find Lorie and prevent her from leaving. Though Littlejohn doesn't find Lorie on the aircraft, he sabotages it so the trio are left stranded at Reid's cabin. 
It soon becomes obvious that the place is more than just a remote religious commune. The girl is terrified of being caught and begs Reid to look for Jennifer and Sassy, two of her friends who have also escaped. 
But why has Erika Somerville, Lorie's elder sister, returned to Eagle's Claw Lake and found savagely beaten in the commune's cabin cruiser? 
*

CHAPTER 1
Timber Wolf Air did not even have a counter in the terminal at Felts Field Municipal Airport but Reid Tucker eventually found a sign directing prospective customers to an office a hundred meters beyond the building. At least the sign shaped stylized timber wolf looked professional.
"Well, I'm at the right airport this time," he muttered to nobody in particular and headed outdoors. It was early morning and still quite chilly with a drizzle hanging over the airport.  He grinned at the expectant look of his Black Labrador waiting, without even a leash on, at the corner of the rental car lot and noticed his trolley filled with his luggage had been left untouched. Cinder was a placid creature but when asked to guard something, she did it with vengeance.
Reid rubbed the dog's ears, spoke a few kind words and pushed the trolley along the pavement. With his wild black beard he seemed to compliment the Black Labrador that followed him through the throngs of people. Most hastily stepped aside to let him through but one irate businessman stopped in front of him.
"Can't you read?" he glowered. "Dogs are not permitted in the airport grounds. I have a good mind to report you to the authorities."
Reid stopped and fixed his eyes on the man. "My dear sir," he replied in a surprisingly cultured voice. "If your safety is affected so adversely by my companion here, by all means go ahead and do it. You will find a security guard just inside the main entrance."
The man flushed when a couple of bystanders chuckled and turned away. "Damn hippie," he muttered and disappeared.
Reid returned the grins of the small group around, patted Cinders on the head, and continued towards his destination. In his eyes, Cinders was worth a hundred of the stupid bureaucrats he'd just spoken to. Oh, he'd had his day of wearing suits and ties but he doubted if he ever would do so again.
The covered walkway stopped without any sign of the Timber Wolf Air Terminal so Reid pulled his jacket collar up and strolled on until he came to a second sign and arrow pointing towards a hanger with a small floatplane parked on the apron in front. This looked hopeful.
Adjacent to the hanger was a small office with the stylized wolf painted above the door. Reid told Cinders to stay with the trolley and entered the building. The interior smelt of fresh paint and had the appearance of being recently renovated. He was about to knock on an inner door when it opened and a young woman glanced out and smiled. She looked about twenty-eight, was quite tall, slim and had short dark hair. Unusual though, was the baseball cap and mechanic's coverall she wore and a smudge of grease across her cheek.
"You aren't the pilot they sending me?" she asked.
"Sorry," Reid replied. "I was told you could help me. I was redirected here from Spokane International Airport. I had tickets with Resolution Air but it seems they've just disappeared."
The woman grinned. "Well, I'm all that remains of Resolution Air. They went bankrupt and I bought two of their airplanes and ground facilities." She nodded around and smiled again. "So how can I help you Mr. ..."
"Reid Tucker. Call me Reid."
"Hi Reid. I'm Kate Meltz, managing director and chief pilot of Timber Wolf Air." She held out a hand that had a strong grip.
"I need to get to Eagle's Claw Lake. I've rented a cabin on the north arm for the summer season."
"I know it," Kate replied. "The place is somewhat remote..."
"It's what I want," Reid replied with a shrug.
"Okay," she replied. "You're in luck, Reid. I'm flying the Canadair out to the Elf Commune on the south arm after lunch." 
"Elf?" Reid queried.
"Eagle Love Family is the commune's full title," Kate replied, screwed her nose up and added, "Strange lot. They'll be your neighbours but I doubt if you'll see much of them. They're one of these self-sufficient places, a hundred or so men, women and kids. I fly them in supplies once every couple of weeks and bring out stuff they have to sell, mainly cheese from their farm and hand-woven rugs, you know the sort of stuff." She shrugged. "As I said, you're lucky. I was due to fly in yesterday but my plane has been held up. This will be cheaper for you than a special flight in the Beaver." She smiled again and nodded at the aircraft out the door. "I honour Resolution Air tickets, too."
"Great," Reid replied. "What time?"
"Noon," Kate replied. "That's if my plane arrives. It's been up in Vancouver BC getting an overhaul and was promised back today. Yesterday, actually, but now it's today."
"And you don't mind flying my dog?"
"Reid," laughed Kate. "I fly anything. Half my passengers are hunters with dogs."
*
When Reid returned just before noon he was pleasantly surprised. A bright yellow amphibian aircraft sat in front of Timber Wolf Air's hanger. The Canadair CL-215 had high wings; twin piston engines and was the size of a commuter airliner such as Saab or a vintage DC 3. The fuselage, though, was squarer in design with the underside shaped like a cabin cruiser. Floats extended down from the wing tips. Two wide doors on the nearest side were open and ground staff was loading piles of equipment from a small tractor and trailer unit.  Reid spied his luggage wedged between the gear.
"Well Cinders," he said to his dog. She stood beside him with her tail lashing and wide brown eyes gazing up as if she understood every word. "It looks as if we'll be in our new home tonight, after all." 
However, Kate Meltz looked worried as she walked out from the hanger and changed direction towards him. "No pilot's come, I'm afraid," she said. "I couldn't even entice the ferry pilots to stay around a few days. I think the idea of landing on water scared them away."
Reid nodded at the Canadair. "It's bigger than I expected. I suppose it needs two pilots."
"Usually," Kate replied. "I would take the Beaver but the Elf Commune has heavy stuff they want transported that won't fit in the smaller plane. I'm licensed to fly the Canadair solo but would prefer a co-pilot, especially now I have a passenger." 
"Oh, I don't mind," Reid replied and broke into a grin. "I would imagine you're quite capable." He was becoming impressed with his chatty companion.
"Okay," the young woman replied. "The weather will be closing in later this evening so we'll head out as soon as everything's loaded."
*
Eagle's Claw Lake did, indeed look like a claw with three long narrow forks of water joined at one end in a mountainous valley filled, except for the lake, by endless fir forest. As Kate dipped the CL-215 and approached the nearest fork, Reid noticed an area of cleared land at the upper end of the fork. Half a dozen buildings, cultivated gardens and several green fields hugged the steep hillsides and smaller triangular flat section intersected by a mountain stream. A road or track followed the river to the apex of the triangle before disappearing into the firs. At the lakeshore, a crossroad followed a small beach area to a wooden jetty that reached out over the water.
"It's like a small town," Reid commented as the view disappeared when the amphibian circled down.
"Military camp, more like it," Kate replied with a touch of cynicism in her voice. "You know the whole area is ringed in a high fence topped in razor wire. " She stopped talking for a moment as she concentrated on levelling the amphibian off ready to drop onto the lake. "They told me it is to keep the bears and other wild animals out but it is more to keep the locals in." She shrugged. "Not that there is anywhere for them to go even if they decided they wanted to leave."
"As bad as that?" Reid observed.
Kate glanced across at him and smiled. "Oh, I guess not. They're friendly enough when I come but never invite me up for a cup of coffee. The head guy gives me the creeps. Anyhow, you can see for yourself in a few moments. Take my advice and don't tell them you're shifting into old Shelton's place."
"Shelton?"
"The old hermit whose place you're renting. He died a couple of years back. As far as I know, it's been empty since then. I would imagine some relation owns it now."
"You could be right," Reid replied. "I rented it through this reality firm and have an option to buy."
Kate caught his eye but made no comment. She reached across to the twin throttles and, with the casualness of an expert, lowered the amphibian onto the lake. The craft surged forward, bounced a couple of times and came to an almost abrupt halt in the water. Kate opened the throttles a little, the nose rose and they surged forward like a boat with white wake fanning out behind them. A moment later the amphibian circled around, engines were cut and it drifted the last few meters to the jetty where a man reached for an unseen handle and tied the nose to a pole. The rear or the craft was pulled in and they were parallel to the jetty with the port wing stretching across the wooden decking. The outer float cleared the surface by a mere half a meter.
"I'll give them this much," Kate grunted. "They built this new jetty to handle the CL-215 perfectly. This section floats on the surface so I can come in close no matter how high or low the lake level is." She glanced at Reid. "Remember, don't mention you're going to be a neighbour."
"Sure," Reid replied.
He followed her to the front hatch and opened it. Two men stood there and, with a minimum of conversation, unloaded their gear into an ancient trailer hitched to a tractor of similar vintage. Reid was introduced and was met by cold eyes but firm handshakes.
"New pilot for Miss Meltz?" one man asked.
"Yes," Reid lied. The man was quite unlike what one would expect. In the remote hinterland, visitors were usually welcomed and regarded as a source of information. These two were as grim as guards at a top-secret military establishment.
He jumped down onto the jetty and offered to help load the trailer.
"Thank you but no," the eldest man replied. "We don't require an assistance."
"Okay," Reid shrugged and stepped back. As he did so he noticed the women. They were across the gravel road behind the tall chicken-wire fence Kate had mentioned on the way in. Most looked as young as the men were old and wore identical red tartan skirts that reached below their knees, white blouses and had long hair tied back under blue hair scarves. Their faces all looked similar, thin with no make up and large hollow eyes. They stood silently in a line with children ranging from babies to teenagers. Only two of the youngsters gave a quiet smile and one girl wiggled her fingers in a secret wave.
Reid caught Kate's eyes and saw her briefly shake her head. He nodded but still caught the young girl's eyes and smiled. Inwardly, though, he fumed. He'd seen refuges like this from a stint he'd had as a medic in Bosnia, even down to the thin frames and soulless faces, the faces of people with no control over their lives. In disgust, he turned, climbed back in the CL-215 and strolled back to where Cinders sat mournfully in her animal cage.
"No, Girl," he said. "I know you hate the cage but you wouldn't want to get out here."
Somehow, the beautiful lake had become sinister and foreboding, the blue water looked black and the silence, ominous.
He turned and saw Kate's head appear in the door. "Got to you, did it?" she whispered. "I thought it might."
"Yeah," Reid responded.
"Look, I'll be about ten minutes. There's a small backload of stuff on the jetty if you wouldn't mind loading it then you could shut the rear door. The Elf commune always pays me in cash, always exactly the right amount and always in crisp new bills." She chuckled at Reid's raised eyebrows. "No it's genuine money. I checked it the first time. Damned if I know where they get it from, though. I suspect they have a floatplane of their own but I have never seen it. There's no other access. The nearest road would be twenty kilometres away and that is only a forest access road."
"Interesting," Reid replied. 
He watched as Kate slipped out of her coverall. Beneath she had a neat maroon jersey and dark skirt that covered an attractive figure. She saw Reid's gaze and flushed. 
"More of the protocol," she explained as she reached for a pair of black low heeled shoes and replaced the boots she had been wearing. "They don't like women in trousers or jeans beyond the main gate. It was only after my third visit they even let me inside their compound and that was only when I wore a skirt."
"You look nice," Reid said.
Kate appeared annoyed for a second until she noticed Reid's genuine expression and smiled back. "Thanks," she said in a whisper. "I'm not used to compliments nowadays."
The ten-minute wait became twenty, then thirty. Reid loaded the boxes of cheese, several large cardboard boxes the size of a refrigerator and two crates of fresh vegetables. He shut the back door and sat down beside his dog to wait.
*
It was Cinders who heard the noise first. Her ears shot forward and she gave a low growl.
"What is it, Girl?" Reid asked. 
The dog was looking at a closed hatch, not the door Reid had recently shut. This was a smaller opening about a meter square on the starboard side away from the jetty.  Reid frowned and listened. A slight tapping sound reached his ears. "You're right, Girl," he said. "Perhaps a log has drifted in against the plane. I'll check it."
He walked across to the hatch and gazed through the tiny porthole built into it. Outside was nothing except water and distant trees across the inlet. He was about to turn back when he jumped in fright. A sharp knock rung out from the metal at the bottom of the structure.
He frowned and swung the hatch up on its overhead hinges.
"Help me, please!" quivered a voice.
Two enormous blue eyes stared up at him from the water. A tanned face, long wet blonde hair and full lips were those of a young woman, hardly more than a girl. She clasped a small handle below the hatch and appeared to be having difficulty treading water.
"Your other hand!" Reid said, grabbed the frozen hand and yanked the surprisingly heavy girl up.
She came out, fully clothed in clinging blouse and skirt, and managed to get a bare foot on the bulkhead and propel herself inside. For a second she lay down gasping and shivering before she turned and gazed at the cargo door and jetty beyond.
"They mustn't find me," she cried. "If I'm found I'll be thrashed or worse. I can't..." A rush of tears replaced her words.
Reid nodded grimly. He searched around for something to help, spied Kate's coveralls and wrapped them, like a towel, around the girl's shaking shoulders. Her lips were shivering from cold and her eyes looked anxious.
"Your name young lady?" Reid asked as he slammed the hatch down and stepped across to shut the other door. Somehow it seemed safer with the view of the jetty shut out.
"Lorie," the girl replied, " Lorie Somerville." she gulped.  
"Okay Lorie," Reid replied. "You are safe with me. Nobody will hurt you."
"They will," the girl cried. " They'll forcibly remove me and even a big guy like you can't stop four or five of them."
"And you risked a beating and freezing water to swim out here?" Reid replied.
The girl nodded miserably with her eyes downcast. It was as if her courage had evaporated.
"Okay, so we hide you," Reid replied in a soft voice.
He searched around. The interior was half filled with his gear and the boxes he'd just loaded. With a few heaves he pulled the boxes forward so there was a gap in front of the rear wall. "Get in there, Lorie," he said.
She nodded, sprung into action and within seconds was squatting behind the cargo. Reid shifted it back but grimaced. It was an obvious place to search but what else could he do?
"Cinders," he gasped and opened the dog's cage door. 
Cinders bounded out all licks and wagging tail.
"Sit, Girl" Reid ordered. "Guard Lorie, Cinders. Understand!"
The brown eyes stared up and the Black Labrador sat on her back haunches in front of the cargo. The tail stopped wagging and remained straight out behind her. Nobody would touch a thing unless she was called her off. Cinders was a pet but also an excellent guard dog who had been trained with military precision.
They were only just in time.  Without even a knock, the jetty door swung open and three men walked in. "We need to search the plane," the old guy who had originally spoken to Reid said. He glared around. "Why is the floor wet?" he hissed.
Reid, though, was not intimidated. "Can I help?" he asked.
"One of our flock is missing," the same man replied.
"So why would he come here?" Reid snapped purposely using the wrong gender.
"Your visit is too much of a coincidence. This girl is a highly neurotic girl. She can not survive on her own."
"So she's gone for a walk along the shore or to the back of your farm? I have not seen her."
The man glowered and stepped towards the boxes. However, a low growl interrupted his intentions.
"I wouldn't," Reid snapped. "Cinders there is protecting my gear."
"Call it off," the man ordered but stopped as Cinders rose and growled again.
"You are on my employer's airplane," Reid stated in a cold voice. "This is our property, not your land. I respected your customs on the jetty. Here, you can respect mine. I have not seen your missing girl. She is not here. Surely if she had come to look over the plane, your man would have seen her." He glowered at the second man who had, he now realized, been watching the plane since their arrival." As for the wet floor, I opened the door and got some water for Cinders to drink."  Reid then decided to bluff and gave a casual shrug. "However, if you wish to move all the boxes, I'll give you a hand." His eyes held the older man's gaze.
For a moment the cold stares held before the man spoke again. "And you never saw a young woman in our uniform on the shoreline or outside the fence?" he asked.
Reid never flinched. "Only the group watching us unload," he said, "They were all behind your gate."
"Perhaps I was wrong then," The man turned to the other two who returned from inspecting the cockpit. "Joseph, go and search the barn; Jacob, the shoreline."
"Right, Peter," both men replied. Reid was sure there was a sadistic gleam in their eyes as they departed.
Peter turned to Reid and now sounded almost friendly. "If you see her, please tell us," he said and held out his hand. "As I said, she is a highly disturbed young woman half way through her treatment. To stop at this stage could be very detrimental to her health."
"Sure," Reid replied as he gripped the hand.
*
He watched as Peter walked away and smiled when Kate appeared a moment later and scrambled aboard. "Trouble?" she asked.
"You are perceptive. Why would there be trouble?"
"Peter Littlejohn and his henchmen are always trouble," she replied. "Also you look tense about something."
Reid grimaced. Usually he had complete control over his emotions but this woman seemed to be able to read him like a book. "I'll tell you when we're in the air. Shall we go?"
Kate frowned but said no more.
 A moment later, they were racing forward across the lake's surface with engines screaming at almost maximum revolutions. Water cut out behind until the violent shuddering stopped, the lake sunk away and they were airborne.
"Oh damn!" Kate muttered above the howling engine noise, mere seconds later.
"What's wrong?"
"Look at the clouds," she yelled.  
Reid stared out the front windshield and saw the object of Kate's concern. The sky to the north was an inky black and already large drops were hitting the amphibian.
"I don't think I'll be able to get you down and get off again," Kate yelled. "We need to climb up above the mountains and head back to Spokane."
*
The storm hit the Canadair with fury.  Rain turned to hail so violent, the wipers could barely cope while the craft bucked and rocked. Reid could only nod and put his trust in his pilot.
Kate held onto the controls and turned the craft ever so slightly into the storm, one wing lifted and she succeeded in turning in a semicircle. The wings shook and both motors screamed as yet another squall hit them.
"What's wrong?" a frightened voice called from the door.
Kate frowned but never moved her eyes off the scene outside. "Who the hell is she?" she screamed.
"Our passenger," Reid replied with a slight grin. "Meet Lorie Somerville. She's hitched a ride back to Spokane"
Kate glanced back for a second and suddenly burst out laughing. "Oh my God, Lorie. You did it!"
"You know each other?" Reid asked.
"Sort of," Lorie shouted as she pulled herself into the third seat in the cockpit and held on with knuckles that were almost as white as here face. "It was Kate who suggested we go up the beach and swim back to the plane. She said you would help us get aboard."
"We?"
"There were two others but they chickened out." 
Conversation was interrupted as the sky ahead lit up in blue streak lightning that cut across the airplane's nose. Mere seconds later, the thunder rumbled, the Canadair CL-215 shook like a leaf and the port motor spluttered. Kate frowned and reached forward to a different control, the engine roared for a second, spluttered and cut out.
"Hell!" she muttered.
For five minutes the two passengers could only wait as their pilot did everything possible to control the airplane. The starboard engine continued to function without even a cough but two attempts to restart the port one failed. Another streak of lightning lit the cockpit but the thunder took slightly longer to rattle their ears.
"What can you see below?" Kate screamed to Reid. "My instruments tell me it should be water. I can't make any height and the starboard engine is overheating."
"Water!" screamed Lorie. "I can see white caps."
"Hang on," Kate yelled back. "We're going down."
With infinite care she throttled the good engine back and manipulated the controls so the amphibian dropped. It hit the water with an almighty bump, Lorie screamed and Reid felt something snuggle between his legs. It was Cinders who must have decided his company was necessary at the moment. Kate opened the throttle but the plane pulled sideways and the offside wing dipped.  She changed tactics, cut the throttle and the plane dropped sickeningly into the choppy waves.
"We're down," Kate gasped and edged the throttle forward. "What can you see?"
"Trees," Reid yelled. "About twenty meters away to our left." 
"Just water on my side," Lorie shouted from immediately behind Kate.
"Good. Thanks!" the pilot replied. "You two are as good as any second pilot."
"I doubt it," Reid answered as he gazed out through the bucking side window. "Look!"
"What is it?" Kate replied.
"There's cabin and jetty in a sort of inlet."
"Your new home, Reid," Kate replied. She grinned for the first time and wiped a strand of hair out of her eyes," and it looks as if you're going to have a couple of guests for the night."
*

CHAPTER 2
Whoever had chosen the site of the jetty and accompanying building had done it well for, although the lake itself had choppy swells buffeting the amphibian, once they had taxied around the tiny headland the water was calm. Even the rain stopped as fast as it had arrived and a gap showing in the black sky. The sun appeared and a gigantic rainbow glowed across the cloudbank.
"This often happens," Lorie explained to Reid. "We have a downpour and half an hour later the sun is shining." She gulped. "In summer that is. It's always snow during the winter and the lake freezes over."
Kate interrupted. "I'll get in as close to the jetty as I can and will shut down," she shouted but never turned her face away from the outside view. "There are two coils of rope hanging by the front cargo door.  One is tied on at this end so it can be used to pull the plane in. The other can be tied to the front and the jetty. With one engine out of action I haven't got my usual manoeuvrability."
"I'll do it," shouted Lorie. 
Reid gazed at the water outside the opened door. Though the small shingle beach was just beyond the CL-215's wing tip, the water was deep.
"You will not. Not after your last freezing swim. I will."
"Let me!" Lorie pleaded and before an argument could develop she placed the loose coil of rope around her shoulder, grabbed the other rope end and jumped. It was deep. She disappeared beneath the surface and came up spluttering with her red tartan skirt ballooning up around her. Her eyes caught Reid’s; she smiled and kicked backstroke style to shore. She scrambled up the small bank and pulled the rope in until it was taut, walked the few meters to the jetty with the amphibian swinging slightly around so the tail pointed to shore.
"That young lass has got guts, you know" Reid shouted at Kate, realized that without the engine noise, this wasn't necessary so continued in a normal voice. "She was terrified before but gritted her teeth and kept going."
Kate's voice came back from the cockpit. "You either become that way or become completely servile at that commune," she replied. "If the others had Lorie's guts we would have three of them right now, instead of one."
"More likely there would have been three caught," Reid added. "I doubt if I could have hidden more than one."
"True," Kate called back. 
*
Lorie used her initiative and tied the rope to one of the jetty supports and scrambled up on the jetty itself. She reached up, grabbed the port wing and walked up the jetty with it. The amphibian swung around so the fuselage came in parallel to the structure and bumped against three old tractor tires tied to the planking. Reid stepped off without even getting his feet wet and smiled at the shivering girl.
"You did well," he said, reached out an arm and gave her a tiny hug.
It was obvious this small gesture made Lorie pleased. She placed wet hair against his chest for a moment and glanced up at into his eyes. "At the commune we were just expected to do the right thing," she whispered. "Nobody ever touches us." She stopped and swallowed. "I mean we are not we allowed to touch anyone without it being sinful?"
"Is that so?" Reid replied.
"My girlfriends and I used to just hug and hold each other at night when we were lonely and it felt so nice to be held but..." Again she stopped but still remained in Reid's arms.
"Come on," Reid said quietly. "Let's get the plane tied up, shall we? You must be freezing again."
"Who cares," Lorie replied. "I'm away from there. I'd swim the length of the lake to get away, if necessary. Thank you, Reid. You just don't know what it is like to be just a thing." 
Suddenly she swung around and kissed him on his bearded cheek, flushed a bright red and almost skipped away to tie the remaining rope onto the steel eyelet under the nose of the airplane. She lopped the other end around a jetty pole and Reid helped her tie the plane securely to the jetty.
Reid now examined the cabin that was to be his home. It was more modern than he anticipated with a steep A-frame roof like a Swiss chalet. There was a door to the right, one window on the left and a pentagonal attic window above. Half a dozen steps linked the cabin and the jetty. The whole cabin was wooden with only the window, doorframes and roof facing boards painted white. Everything else was stained a natural brown. Faded red curtains were pulled across the downstairs window while, at the rear; fir trees boughs grew over the roof.
Though smelling musty through lack of use, the inside was surprisingly clean. The whole front was an open-plan room with a stone hearth on the right. Sitting on this was an enormous potbelly stove with exposed cylindrical chimney that stretched up through the ceiling. The far end of the L shaped room was a kitchen with the usual facilities. Off this was a tiny bathroom and toilet and steep stairs leading up, Reid guessed to bedrooms. The floor was bare but covered in several large oval shaped mats while sheets covered the furniture.
"It's lovely," Kate remarked.
"They told me there's a generator in a cellar at the back," Reid said. "If you two would like to get things sorted here, I'll go and see if I can get it going then I'll light the stove." He nodded at the pile of dry wood stacked neatly on the hearth.
"Can I?" Lorie asked with her eyes almost shining.
"Of course," Reid replied and caught Kate's eyes. Lorie would be about sixteen, he guessed but seemed to be very young in her mannerisms. But no, he was wrong. In others she seemed old before her time.
"Like the commune she's got to you, hasn't she?" Kate remarked an hour later when the potbelly stove was blazing away and the pipes behind it had heated enough water for Lorie to have the first bath.
"The opposite," Reid replied. "The commune felt foreboding and ominous. Lorie is like a breath of fresh air or a butterfly released from a cocoon."
"A good description," Kate replied. "Do you know she just told me she has never used shampoo before? Luckily, I always carried an emergency bag of clothes in the plane so I shampooed her hair and have given her some shorts and top. Her size isn't too different than mine." She glanced at Reid. "Her hair was quite dirty and she has a nasty rash over her body, too."
"I see," Reid replied. "Perhaps I can help there. I'll get my bag."
He walked across to where his gear had been piled by the kitchen sink and pulled out a very professional bag. Inside was a whole selection of medical supplies from tablets and ointments to a stethoscope.
"That's handy," Kate commented. "Have you a doctor as a friend?"
"Well actually, I was a doctor," Reid replied in a whisper. "Still am, I guess."
"Are you?" Kate replied. "I knew you weren't just a drifter, Reid. And how long have you had your beard and scruffy hairdo?"
"A few months," he replied. "Oh, I used to be so prime and proper, short hair, daily shaves, even a flash house and wife to go with it."
"But now?"
"Gone," Reid replied with a shrug. "I have Cinders." He smiled at the dog stretched out asleep in front of the pot-bellied stove. "She's all I need for a while."
"How do I look!" squealed a happy voice that interrupted the pair before Kate could reply.
Lorie stood in front of them all red from the hot water. She was dressed in shorts and top with her hair wrapped in a towel. As they watched, she pulled the towel aside to reveal damp hair just touching her shoulders rather than waist long as it had been.
"I gave Lorie a haircut," Kate said in a modest voice. "It was so long and knotted."
"You look just like a film star," Reid laughed.
"Do I?" Lorie replied and again seemed to absorb compliments like blotting paper. She flushed, "You're just kidding me, aren't you?"
"No better than a film star," Reid continued. "They're always too painted up."
"And my clothes fit you quite well," Kate added.
Lorie bit on her bottom lip. "I've never worn shorts before. It was another great sin at Elf. Are you sure it is okay?"
Reid noticed for the first time that the girl's arms were only tanned from her elbow and legs from below the knee. The rest of her skin was as pale as a European gets after a long, cold winter.
"Far better than I look in them," Kate said and changed the topic. Reid said he's a doctor who may be able to help with that nasty rash you have." 
"A doctor?" Lorie gasped and frowned.
"Is something wrong with that?" Reid replied quietly.
"No, of course not," the girl replied. "We weren't allowed doctors, that's all."
"And if people got ill?" It was Kate who spoke.
"The elders prayed for them and they got better."
"And if they didn't?" Kate persisted.
"They died," Lorie whispered. "Mom died. She was all I had." Her face contorted and tears bubbled from the corners of her blue eyes. She turned and ran, sobbing into the bathroom.
"I'll go," Kate said and placed a hand on his arm Reid. "I think this is why she wanted to leave the commune.
Reid nodded. "Poor kid," he said and wondered what other deprivations the youngster had been exposed to at the commune. He'd read about these places but this was his first direct contact with anybody from one. During his time as a doctor he'd seen many abused patients and Lorie showed every symptom of emotional and even physical abuse."
He shook his head and wandered over to the smaller bottled gas stove in the kitchen where a large pot of stew was bubbling away. The smell premeditated the room and he realized how hungry they must all be.
"Your turn," Lorie's voice again interrupted his thoughts. Reid turned and saw the girl, red eyed but smiling, looking intently at him.
"What for?" Reid replied.
"Haircut. If I can have one why can't you?"
Reid grinned. "Oh, I don't know, " he protested.
"I'll do it," Kate cut in. "Just the hair, though. You can sort your beard out yourself."
"You don't mind?" Reid replied.
"My dear Doctor Tucker, when you get to know me a little better, you'll find out I never say anything I don't mean." She smiled.
*
Nightfall, with the recently arrived daylight savings, arrived quite late in the evening and Lorie was asleep on a massive old couch with an arm around Cinders. Reid, with haircut and trimmed beard was helping Kate complete the washing up of dishes.
"So what is your story, Reid?" Kate asked in a quiet voice. "You're too nice a person to squander your life out here in the wilderness. What happened to you?" She stopped and placed a hand over her mouth. "I'm sorry, it's really none of my business."
"No, I don't mind," Reid replied. "In fact, like our young friend here, it is nice to have someone who is interested. We all keep our little secrets don't we?"
"We do." 
"It was just burn out, I guess," Reid sighed." Let's finish the dishes, I'll make us a cup of coffee and tell you.
"I'd like that," Kate replied as she dried another plate.
*
The court trial was in its fourth day in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Defence Attorney Jonathan Mossop tugged on his black robe and faced the jury with his final summing up. "Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury, you now have to weigh up the evidence of this case and decide whether Doctor Reid James Tucker is guilty of the crime of manslaughter by failing to provide adequate supervision of staff, wilful negligence for the same reason, lesser charges or, indeed, is innocent. The prosecution's case is based on the accusations of Consulting Surgeon Marcus Kalmus, at the Northern Lights Hospital whom, you know has already been proven guilty of negligence and causing the deaths of Mary Anne McAlfir and Josephine Elizabeth Smaus.
My client was a not accomplice, Ladies and Gentlemen. In fact, if it was not for his astute observations, the unlawful operations performed by Kalmus and the other surgeon who is awaiting trial may never have reached the light of day. Kalmus has accused my client of being an accomplice in a crude attempt to defend his own actions and seek revenge. His statements to this court have not been substantiated by facts." Mossop paused and purposely glanced at the jury.
"Doctor Reid Tucker was appointed managing director and head surgeon of Northern Lights Hospital three years ago and, in that time, built the hospital from one that the locals avoided, if possible, to a vibrant hospital with an excellent reputation and surgical department. As character witnesses told us, this was against tremendous odds with the Board of Trustees continuing a long standing feud on whether to provide a general facility for the local citizens or to concentrate on more exotic surgery for, what I would call, wealthy customers. I'd hardly call them patients.
Reid would not let this feud overflow into the wards and was highly regarded by all except a few who found their powers in the hospital community eroded. This included Doctor Marcus Kalmus, a man who wanted to use the hospital's facilities for personal gain. When his unethical operating procedures were discovered, he attempted to shift the blame onto the hospital in general and my client in particular."
The Defence Attorney stopped and eyed every jury member in turn. "This trial should not even be happening, Ladies and Gentlemen," he said. "Everything is based on the statements of a convicted man who found he had lost his standing the medical profession and has set out to get his revenge on the one person who, in his warped eyes, caused his downfall. It will not work Ladies and Gentlemen. Reid is not guilty. He did not participate in this crime in which these unfortunate women lost their lives. 
Ask yourselves this. Where was his motivation? Why would he tear down the reputation of the establishment he was trying to build up? Why would he rip apart the social structure of the hospital community he was trying to cement together?' The attorney paused for almost a full minute. "The answer, of course, is that he wouldn't.
Remember, too,  that unless it is proven beyond doubt that my client had full knowledge of the methods being used by these surgeons and gave his approval or even, as my learned colleague was quick to suggest turned a blind eye at their practices, he must be found not guilty. I charge there is no proof at all, merely an accusation from a man already proven to be dishonest. Remember too, the crimes committed by Doctor Kalmus dated back five years, that is two years before my client was appointed to the position at Northern Lights Hospital." Jonathan rolled his eyes in disgust. "I don't see the previous chief surgeon on trial here." 
The Defence Attorney waited again in the hushed courtroom before continuing. "Reid Tucker should be given accolades for his efforts to built a viable district hospital against tremendous odds, not standing here accused of a crime he was instrumental in stopping. He is innocent of all accusations and that is the only conclusion you can make. Thank you."
He strolled across in front of the jury bench, turned, gave Reid Tucker a brief smile and sat down.
"Thank you, Mr. Mossop," The judge stated and  turned to face the jury. "This is a difficult case, Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury, based mainly on circumstantial evidence and the reliability or otherwise of the conflicting statements of Doctor Kalmus and the defendant," he began. "You must weigh up the evidence presented to you over the last week..." The judge continued his summary for another fifty minutes before ordering the jury to retire and reach a verdict.
Reid Tucker grimaced and glanced at Jonathan Mossop. The case against him was quite damning with the circumstantial evidence built up and made plausible by the outright lies made by his former colleague, a man hell bent on sabotaging every improvement he'd made in the hospital.
He shrugged. It was too late now, anyway. He'd never go back to the place. Sure, he had friends there but it had wrecked his career and his marriage but for what? 
"Don't worry, Reid," Jonathan interrupted. "I'm sure it will turn out okay." 
Reid's shrugged. "It is too late, Jonathan. Quite frankly, I don't care any longer."
 He stood and walked out of the courtroom towards the holding cells. His career of fifteen years was over. Even if let free, his reputation was in tatters. All the good he'd done or tried to do would be forgotten. It was as if his efforts over the years had never happened.
Society in heartland America could be very unforgiving. 
*
Eight hours later the jury filed back into the courtroom with the jurors' eyes avoiding Reid so there was no way he could read any message. After the usual formalities, the chairperson stood to announce the verdict.
"To the charge of Manslaughter of Mary Anne McAlfir and Josephine Elizabeth Smaus we find Reid James Tucker not guilty, Your Honour," she said in a clear precise voice. "To the charge of Failing to Provide Adequate Supervision we find the defendant not guilty." The woman coughed before continuing. "To the lesser charge of Failing to Account we find the defendant guilty, Your Honour. "
Reid just stood and stared ahead without any outward sign he had even heard the verdict and only his eyes fluttered when the judge started to speak. 
"You have been found guilty of the charge of Failing to Account," he stated after the usual preamble. "Throughout the trial I have been impressed by your fortitude, compassion and complete frankness. Also I am impressed by the effort you put into your position as administrative head as well as practicing physician of an inner city hospital reflecting the multitude of problems prevalent in our community. However, you unwisely, shall I say, failed to account for the operations being performed illegally at the Northern Lights Hospital. I don't believe you intentionally broke the law but ignorance of the law cannot be a defence in itself."
The judge's eyes linked onto Reid who never noticed compassion in the gaze. "Reid James Tucker you are hereby convicted of the crime of Failing to Account and discharged. Court is dismissed."
That was it. Reid frowned and glanced at his attorney. "What happens now?" He asked.
Jonathan Mossop smiled. "It means you can go, Reid. Even though you are convicted on that lesser charge, the judge decided not to impose any punishment."
"I see," replied Reid, He knew he should be thankful but wasn't. In some ways it only continued the state of limbo he had been through for almost a year. All he thought was that, Ashleigh; his wife had not even bothered to attend the court that day; nor any other day, actually.
He turned and walked away, a lonely figure with no penalty to pay to society but with a shattered life ruined because he had tried to help others. 
* 
Reid drove home, walked in the door and glanced at the woman waiting by the living room door.
Ashleigh Tucker was a woman with enormous hazel eyes that always reflected her personality. Reid remembered when they sparkled and laughed as they ran along the Florida beach together. They would chase each other through the surf and cuddle on the sand. He always loved holidays at the beach. But in the last few years, the eyes had turned cold and impersonal. They were like that now.
"They let me go," Reid shrugged.
"I see," Ashleigh answered in a neutral voice. "I'm pleased for you, Reid."
"Are you?" he replied. "If they'd put me away it would have solved your problem, wouldn't it?"
The woman's eyes turned hard. "That's not fair, Reid," she retorted. "I stuck by you through everything. Hell Reid, it affected me, too you know? That horrible hospital."
She glanced down, walked across the room and sat on a kitchen chair. When she looked up her eyes brimmed with tears. "When I walked in the market opposite the hospital, the woman would turn their trolleys and find another aisle. I suffered, too, you know."
Reid found another chair by the table and also sat down. "I realize that, Ashleigh," he said. "I tried..." 
Ashleigh reached across and took his hand. Her eyes looked into his and softness Reid hadn't seen for years returned. "I know, Reid," she replied. "You tried. You've always tried. Right throughout your career you tried and the more you tried the more you got trodden on. These last two years have been sheer hell. I can take no more."
"I'm resigning from the position," Reid said.
Ashleigh stared at him. "It's too late Reid," she whispered. "Perhaps if we'd had children." She stood up and walked over to gaze out the window.
Reid shrugged. The present conversation wasn't unexpected. He knew it was only out of mutual loyalty they'd stayed together until the trial. Without it, they would have probably departed when the trouble first began, or even earlier.
"What now?" He continued.
His wife turned. "I'm moving out Reid. I've won a teaching position in Rochester that starts in September. I was going to tell you last week but..."
"I know," Reid replied. "I saw the letter. Perhaps it's the best way."
"It's the only way, Reid," Ashleigh replied. Her eyes found his again. There was a flash of kindness before the old cold stare returned. "The packers are coming tomorrow."
Without another word, Reid turned and walked into the back yard to be immediately greeted by a bark. Cinders rushed up to him with her tail wagging and large brown eyes staring into his.
"Well, Girl," Reid said as he squatted down and rubbed the dog's ears. "I guess there's only us now. I think we're going to be close companions for a while." 
*
Reid glanced up to see not only Kate's but Lorie's eyes fixed on his. "It's a pity humans aren't as loyal as pets,' he said.
"The cow," the teenager snapped. "She could have stuck by you."
"I guess," Reid replied, "Our marriage had really been that in name only for a number of years."
"Like ours," Lorie snapped." Peter has two wives and is about to select his third. The man disgusts me but I've been told he likes me. The other women just laugh at me and said I should be honoured to be able to bare his child."
Kate looked aghast. " And how old are you, Lorie?" she asked.
"Sixteen, come June," the girl replied. "We are untouched until our sixteenth birthday and after that we are regarded as women."
"What's that?" Reid said, his eyes hard.
"The men can select us for, well ... you know." She flushed and rolled her eyes. "Oh it is all well organized.  We are told it is our duty." She frowned. "It's all prescribed in The Oracles. Everything is prescribed in The Oracles."
"What's that?" Kate asked.
"The book that explains the Bible. We have the Bible and The Oracles. Peter wrote it when he became leader."
"It's disgusting," Kate snorted. "They should all be arrested."
"... So you're still a virgin? " Reid said in a quiet voice.
"Yes," the girl replied without even a hint of embarrassment. "We have what is called a Womanhood Celebration. It's the only birthday we're allowed to celebrate."
"...And the boys," Kate asked, in spite of herself
"They have to wait until they're eighteen before they're allowed to be a man and can mate. I don't know why they have to wait two extra years."
"The bosses don't like the competition," Reid felt so angry that even Cinders looked up in alarm.
"One of the last things Mom told me was to escape before I turned sixteen," Lorie added in a sombre tone. "The others who tried are usually caught and given a public caning. One girl disappeared and they brought back her body weeks later. It seems she got lost in the forest and froze to death." She stared wide-eyed at Reid and on to Kate. "I can never go back. I'd rather die first. Please let me stay with you two."
*

CHAPTER 3
Reid smiled when Lorie screwed up her nose and rubbed the arm where an injection had just gone in.
"And you say that will stop me getting a whole multitude of diseases?" she asked. "How does it work?"
Reid gave an explanation of the procedures and reasons behind them and was amazed how Lorie understood quite sophisticated details. On many topics, she was very knowledgeable while on others she remained completely ignorant. One of these was medical items. Apparently no medicines or drugs of any sort were used at the commune so, at least, the place appeared to be drug free. She had, though, none of the normal children's immunization programs such as those for smallpox or polio. Luckily, her rash appeared to be no more than an allergy to wild berries they gathered and ate with abundance.
"I'm giving you some general supplementary tablets to take, Lorie," he said. "They'll build up your iron intake."
"Iron?" she asked. "You mean like nails?"
"The same chemical but we won't have you swallowing nails," Reid laughed.
"I'm dumb aren't I?" Lorie said with a pout. "I know nothing. I've never seen television and don't even understand things first graders know all about."
Reid said nothing but handed a medical book in his hand over to the girl. He pointed to one paragraph. "Can you read it?" he asked.
Lorie nodded and read the paragraph out orally with amazing expression and only stumbled over a few of the medical terms. "See, I told you I was dumb," she said after the second stumble.
"That passage," Reid said quietly,  "could not normally be read by an eighteen year old and even I have trouble pronouncing those words you stumbled over."
"Really?" Lorie replied with a smile. "I've always loved reading and we'd often make up and write little skits together." She giggled. "Some were quite naughty and us girls only shared them together in our quarters. No men were allowed there, not even Peter."
"So you are not dumb, Lorie" Kat, who had been listening to the conversation, interrupted.
Lorie smiled. "Can I ask one thing, Kate," she asked.
"Sure."
"Those shortie pyjamas. I noticed you had in your bag. Can I wear them tonight?
"Sure can," Kate laughed. "I was going to wear the heavier ones, anyhow."
Reid grinned and stood up from the bed where he'd been sitting. "I'd better leave you two ladies and retreat to my room," he said.
 "Why? " Kate gave Reid a searching look.
Reid flushed. "I'll go and make us all a cup of coffee," he said. "Do you want me to bring it up?
"At the very least," Kate replied.
"Oh, and switch your flashlight on," Reid added. He glanced at his watch and saw it was after eleven. "I'm going to check the generator. I may have to turn it off until the morning."
He disappeared downstairs and found Cinders waiting, all eyes and wagging tail. "Hi, Girl," he chuckled. "You've been asleep for hours. Now I suppose you want supper, too?"
Ten minutes later, he went back upstairs to find Kate and Lorie sitting up in bed. 
"How do we look?" Lorie giggled as she wrapped bare arms around her knees sticking up under the blankets.
"Beautiful," Reid breathed but he was looking at Kate and was sure she had applied some fresh makeup and their was a distinct whiff of perfume in the air.
*
At dawn, Reid awoke feeling more refreshed than he could remember and thought of the previous day. Funny, this time yesterday he didn't even know Kate or Lorie existed. It was funny how one's life could suddenly change.
"Come on, Girl," he said. "Our morning walk. Okay?"
It was a tradition that every morning he'd take Cinders walking. They'd spend an hour together before the world awoke doing things a lonely man and his dog enjoyed; walking, chasing sticks or even a swim together. Afterwards they would return home to breakfast, ham and eggs or crunchy variety dog food, none of that namby-pamby stuff.
They were sixteen minutes along the shoreline on a small animal track when the real world returned abruptly to Reid. He heard it first, and then saw a high-powered motorboat appear from the direction of the lake's northern fork. 
"Oh hell!" he hissed to Cinders "Come on Girl. We're going back.
Even as they zigzagged through the firs, Reid heard the boat come closer and stop. He stole a glance through the boughs and noticed it was on their side of the tiny peninsular. The cabin was across the opposite side. If the occupants of the boat came ashore here, he'd be cut off from the girls.
"Damn," he whispered and held Cinders by the collar. 
She sensed his tension and stood as silent as a statue but with all senses on full alert.
There were at least four men aboard and one was Peter. His silhouette was recognizable anywhere. A jumble of voices crossed the water but no words could be distinguished. However, their intentions became clear when the men brought oars out and began to paddle the motorboat around the point.
My God, if he hadn't taken this walk the men would have been on them before they even realized a boat had arrived.
"Come on, Girl!" Reid whispered and headed home.
After a steep climb and equally steep descent over the peninsular, Reid arrived gasping for breath, scratched and sweaty at the front deck. It had taken only a few minutes and he hoped he was in time.
"Guard the door, Girl," he ordered. "If anyone comes bark, Girl. Bark like hell. Understand!
Cinders ears, eyes, lolling tongue and thumping tail showed she did.
"Good Girl," Reid said. He glanced out but the inlet was still empty and silent. In seconds he was upstairs shaking Lorie and Kate, just as Cinders began to bark.
"Kate," he whispered after he explained what was wrong. "Get downstairs and remove anything that could be Lorie's, especially her clothes. I think they're in the washing machine."
"Right, Reid," she replied.
"What about me, Reid?" Lorie stuttered. Her face showed she was terrified. "They'll come up here, I know."
"But you will not be here, Sweetheart," Reid said. "Put on Kate's coverall. You're going to climb a tree."
Lorie's reaction was as fast as Kate's. Without asking why or where, she jumped out of bed and slipped into Kate's clothes.
"Okay," she whispered. "I'm ready."
Reid moved to the small balcony at the rear of the cabin. The tiny deck outside was overgrown with fir tree branches. One had grown so close they could barely squeeze out the door. 
"Can you climb it?" he whispered.
Lorie nodded.
"Climb up as far as you can but stick to the main trunk. Don't take any risks. When you are as far up as you can get, move around the side away from the cabin. Make sure your feet aren't showing."
"Right, Reid," the girl whispered, squeezed his hand and, within seconds, was out of sight.
Reid shut the door, returned and pulled up the blankets on Lorie's bed so it looked unused in and headed down stairs. Meanwhile on the other side of the building, Cinders continued barking and growling.
*
"Call your God damn dog off or I'll shoot it," Peter snarled at Kate who had opened the door.
He looked mean and one of his henchmen lifted an ominous handgun up ever so slightly.
"She won't obey me," Kate replied in a cold voice. "It's Reid's dog. "
"Get him and the girls while you are at it," Peter hissed. "It will save an awful lot of unpleasantness."
Kate stood deviant but her mind raced. Girls! Why had he spoken in the plural? "Only Reid is here," she replied. "Wait one moment. I'm sure he is awake after all Cinders' barking."
"I'm here, Kate," a husky voice cut in and Reid stepped out.
"We're coming in," Peter snapped. "I told the girlfriend, here I'd shoot the dog if you don't call him off." He leered at Kate still dressed only in floral pyjamas and made no attempt to disguise his gaze.
"Shoot him and the National Guard will be swarming over your commune before the day is out. That's a promise." Reid replied in a slow determined growl that sounded a little like Cinders. His eyes bore into Peter and the fists clenched at his side were so tight, muscles on this neck throbbed. "I am a captain in the local reserve unit and we look after our own. You may be able to intimidate your so-called flock, Mr. Littlejohn, but don't try it with me."
"The airport authorities know my CL-215 is here," Kate added. Her voice was also strong but she felt nervous. "If I don't call in by before seven thirty this morning, a search plane will be over looking for us."
"We want our girls," Peter hissed. "Call your dog off."
"Hush, Girl. Come here!" Reid whispered.
Cinders immediately stopped growling and ran to stand beside Reid. Both eyes moved from Littlejohn's face to stare at the man holding the gun. Teeth bared and hair still stood up on the Black Liberator's back. She was quiet but ready to protect her master.
"There is nobody here," Reid said. He stood aside and Cinders followed. "Search the place if you wish, then get out and leave us in peace."
"We will," Peter replied but made sure he avoided Cinders on the way in. One man went with him and the third stayed on the deck. The fourth, Reid assumed, had stayed by the boat. For a religious group, they were amazingly militant in their methods." 
Kate avoided Reid's eyes but her hand went out and squeezed his. 
*
Forty minutes slipped by before Peter returned to the veranda where Reid, Kate and Cinders remained.
"It appears I was wrong," Peter stated. "There is no evidence of our girls. I apologize for the inconvenience."
"So that's it," Reid replied. "You leave a nasty taste in my mouth. Anyhow, why is it so necessary for your girls to be returned?"
"This is a hostile wilderness, Mr. Tucker. "
"I agree but your methods are despicable. If you'd come asking our assistance instead of threatening us at six o'clock in the morning, we would have only been too pleased to help find these young women. My advice is to call the state police and report their disappearance. Search crews and aircraft can cover a far greater area than you can in your boat."
"How did you know we had a boat?" Littlejohn asked suspiciously.
Reid never blinked. "You never came by airplane, it is too far to walk so how else could you have come?" he replied.
"True," the man acknowledged. "I only hope they never left the lake shore. One of our girls died when she was lost in the forest only a few months ago. We don't want it to happen again."
"So how many are missing?" Reid asked. "Back at your commune, you told me there was only one girl."
Peter frowned, glanced at his men and turned to face Reid again. "A few," he muttered. "We believe they had planned to leave weeks ago and would attempt to approach your aircraft. In hindsight, I think your plane was a diversion and they went inland. There is a trail leading back to a forest road but it's at least a day's walk," he said with almost a smile. "Don't worry, I have a jeep checking that route. The chances are they have all been found by now."
"So if they are found and want to leave your commune, will you let them?" Kate asked.
"If you had a fifteen or sixteen year old daughter, would you let them her just leave your home, Miss Meltz?" Peter replied. "It is a vulnerable age."
"No, I guess not," Kate replied innocently. "It's a big world out there."
"Exactly," Peter replied. " I hope this small incident won't spoil our contract for airlifting our supplies."
"It shouldn't" Kate replied. "You're one of my few regular customers."
"Good. I hope your aircraft can be repaired and you can get our produce to market before it spoils."
He turned, nodded to his men and they left. Moments later the boat they heard the faint sound of a motorboat moving away..
"And how did he know the CL-215 was crippled?" Kate said to Reid.
"A thoroughly evil man," Reid replied. "I wouldn't put it past him to have sabotaged the airplane."
"My thoughts, too," Kate replied. Her frown turned into a smile. "My God, I expected them to return dragging a screaming Lorie with them at any time. Where is she?"
"And I thought they'd find her clothes," Reid replied after explaining where he'd sent Lorie.
"They're in the toilet cistern," Kate laughed. "I'm glad none of them flushed it as I doubt if there was much water left. It's the only place I could think of at such short notice."
"Oh Kate, you are one bright lady," Reid laughed.
"No problem," she replied but appeared to flush slightly.
"Come on, Girl," he said to Cinders and walked out to search the jetty and shoreline. It was not beyond Peter to drop a man off to spy on them. However, even with Cinders' help, nobody was found and he returned to find Lorie and Kate both dressed and waiting expectantly for him. 
"Nobody around," he asked 
Lorie looked serious. "You know, they were right under the tree I was in. If they had looked up, I'm sure they would have seen me. God, I was terrified but I remembered to keep my feet in out of sight."
"And you're safe now," Reid replied. " We're all going to look after each other until we're safe and back in Spokane," he said. "That's a promise."
*
When Kate walked out to check the amphibian she saw that the CL-215 wasn't floating beside the wharf at a grotesque angle with the nearest wing tipped up at an angle of eighty degrees and the far one below the surface. Even as she watched, the craft shuttered, there was a groan of stretched ropes and the fuselage sank beneath the water.
Kate jumped down the steps, tore along the jetty and was about to leap in the still open rear cargo door when two powerful arms grabbed her.
"Leave it Kate!" Reid said in a quiet voice.
"Let me go! I have to get to the radio," she screamed. She flung an arm out but was held and could only stand, ashen face and watch the airplane slide beneath the surface.
"The water is deep," Reid continued in a kind voice but he still held her in a vice grip. "If you'd climbed aboard you'd have been trapped inside."
There was another eerie groan of ropes followed by an enormous twang. The rear mooring rope spun off the top of the small pole it had been looped over and whip-lashed across the fuselage. In the same instant, water reached the cargo door and water poured inside.
"See, you would have been caught," Reid said quietly.
Kate stopped fighting but instead, turned slightly and let Reid hold her trembling body. They watched as the yellow fuselage dropped beneath the surface, a gigantic bubble rolled out the door and the wing over the jetty hit the decking. There was a scream of metal against wood and the wing slid away. Rope held the forward rope but water now covered the entire fuselage and wings. 
"The rope is holding the nose up." Reid said.
Kate's throat trembled as she continued to stare at the sunken plane. "How could they?" she finally whispered. "What harm have we ever done them?" 
"Because you stood up to Peter," Lorie replied. Their youngest companion had followed them down to the jetty and now stood beside them with a white face and trembling lip. "He is insane, I am sure. He bends people's minds but cannot accept that he is a mere man." She put out a hand to hug Kate. "Anyhow, that's what Mom told me not long before she died." 
"I sunk everything into that plane, my entire a fortune," Kate whispered. "Everything! I sold my home and raised two mortgages to buy it and start the company. When Resolution Air collapsed, I was told I was wasting my time and money trying to run a profitable business but I thought I could do it. " She stared up at Reid. "I was a fool, wasn't I?"
"No," Reid replied. "Anyhow, I'm sure the plane can be salvaged and you must have insurance."
Kate nodded. "Our radio has gone, though. Nobody will worry about the plane being overdue. When I last reported in I confirmed we were safe and would probably not return for a couple of days. I thought, I could get the engine sorted out today and would fly out. Serves me right for being so arrogant. I should have asked for a rescue craft yesterday."
"This is an entirely different situation," Reid added. "We couldn't predict the plane was going to be sabotaged."
"And they'll be back," Lorie whispered. "They wrecked the plane to keep you here. When they don't find me, they'll know I'm with you. There's nowhere else I can be."
"But the others!" Kate said
Lorie flung around so quickly her newly cut hair swung out. "What others?" she gasped.
"Peter said they were looking for others who were missing."
"Oh my God, Jennifer and Sassy did it! They told me if I got onto the plane they'd run away and try to get to the cave."
'Where's that?" Reid asked.
"We found a small cave in the middle fork," Lorie explained. "One thing we were allowed to do was to go out in kayaks in the weekend. I guess they knew that we couldn't go too far. One day we set out on an all day expedition and followed the shoreline right around into the middle fork. Half way along was this tiny cave sort of hidden behind rocks. It became our secret place and we said if there was ever any need we could meet there." She stared at Kate with wide eyes. "I'm sure nobody at the commune knows about it and that's where the others would head."
"I see," Reid replied and turned to his companions. "Let's go inside, sit down and get everything sorted out," he said quietly. "The last thing we want to do is to panic and do something we may regret afterwards."
"The plane's stopped sinking," Kate gazed out at the stationary aircraft. The top engine mounting, propeller blades, tail and nose were above the water but the wings and fuselage were submerged. "I guess we're lucky the water wasn't too deep near the shore."
*
"It is no good worrying over the things over which we have no control," Reid said to the others as they sat around the kitchen table a few moments later. Cinders had been left on the jetty with instructions to bark if anything appeared. "We cannot fly out nor can we contact anyone. However, it won't be too long before the lack of radio messages alerts someone back in Spokane something is amiss." He turned his eyes to Kate. "Is there anyone at your base or home who would be likely to contact authorities when you don't radio in?"
"There's nobody at home," Kate replied. "I live in an apartment by myself. At work there are only the two part time ground staff who are new and Merve. He's the mechanic who came across from Resolution Air with me. He's an older guy who is somewhat laid back." She grimaced. "Don't get me wrong. He's an excellent mechanic but doesn't worry about the administration. He has been doing quite a large job on the Beaver's engine. My guess is, he'll just keep doing that and not worry too much about my non-appearance until at least tomorrow."
"And the airport authorities?"
"The same. There are dozens of smaller airplanes that fly in and out of the airport. I never had a commercial airport as my destination and there are seven or eight lakes and ranch airstrips where I could have landed. Again, tomorrow with be the earliest any one would suspect the CL-215 is down."
"And at that time, will they come here first?"
"Oh yes," Kate continued. "They knew I had landed here. That was confirmed when we arrived."
"One day is a long time to just wait," Lorie added. "If Peter comes back we'll only get ten minutes warning at the most."
"Not if we're on the opposite shore," Reid replied. "My suggestion is we go across to the other side of the northern fork."
"How?" Kate replied. "If we paddle those kayaks stored under the deck, we could be caught in the middle and it must be kilometres to walk around the shoreline."
"A small cabin cruiser goes with the place," Reid replied. "I was told it is quite ancient but has an outboard motor that the reality agent had serviced. The firm holds a trust over the property. I know they said they had also upgraded the generator and filled the oil tank.
"So we a can go and look for Jennifer and Sassy!" Lorie interrupted. Her eyes looked excited.
"We'll see," Reid replied. "First things first. I have a small tent and a sleeping bag. I had intended to do some overnight hikes but I never guessed I'd have two pretty companions with me."
Kate smiled. "So let's do it. I get nervous just sitting here. "
*

CHAPTER 4
Evening devotions at the Elf commune normally lasted an hour but already an hour and a quarter had slipped by with no slow down in the proclamations of Brother Luke. The chapel was full as over a hundred adults and children watched in silence. The women, all in red tartan skirts and white blouses sat on their knees to the right while men in black trousers, white shirts and blue ties sat on benches to the left. Only children below five were absent in the crèche under care of two women who had special dispensation to be absent from the devotions to care for the youngest members of the sect.
"...And the great evil has arrived My Brothers, My Sisters," the man screamed with his gray beard jutting out as he stretched his arms wide. "Satan rode in today on the wings of the yellow airplane." He stopped and glowered out at the congregation and dropped this voice to a husky whisper. "Oh, you couldn't see him but he was there squatting on the fuselage and ready to seize our young flowers and corrupt them..."
Sassy couched in the fifth row and stole a sideways glance at Jennifer. Her companion was tight lipped and looked determined. A soft hand reached out and squeezed hers.
"...At this moment Brother Peter with John and Paul are out searching for our kidnapped flower, Junior Sister Lorie. Her mind was corrupted, My Brethren; corrupted in the form of the Devil incarnate himself. You saw him in the aircraft, the man with the young woman who piloted the aircraft. We now know he was a surgeon, My Blessed Friends, a man who takes a knife and cuts into your body to perform his foul deeds..." The wild eyes stared around the chapel. "We believe, at this very moment ... this very moment," the voice rose in volume to another scream, "our young flower is being violated like a vampire sucking blood from a child..."
In spite of her earlier promise to herself, Sassy was scared. What if it was true! She bit on her lower lip, swished her hair back and mouthed rather than whispered her real name. "My name is Sassy Rosenblatt and my friends are Jennifer Mears and Lorie Somerville. We can think for ourselves. We can be free..."
Sassy's silent words were interrupted when the back door of the chapel opened and a man in a flowing white robe marched forward. Luke stopped mid sentence but the congregation did not move their eyes from the floor. To glance up in this shrine when a brother was entering was a sin. Only after the man reached the pulpit and Brother Luke stepped back, did the eyes rise to focus on Brother Peter.
"We shall pray for the soul of Junior Sister Lorie," he whispered. "We were too late. Her soul has been clasped by the devil. She is lost!" He stopped and reached for a pair of black shoes. He screamed and held the shoes high. "his is all that remains of our beloved Lorie!" He stopped and waited a full two minutes in the hushed room. "She is no more of our world, Sisters and Brothers. She has gone to make a pact with the Devil..."
Sassy switched eyes and caught Jennifer's who, ever so slightly shook her head.
"Lies!" Jennifer mouthed but the pale face showed doubt.
Twenty minutes later the congregation filed out of the chapel and returned to the dormitories.   Tomorrow, at dawn a special service would be held to cast aside this devil and pray for Lorie's soul.
The two girls placed on long night attire they wore every night but underneath they still wore their day clothes. Beneath their beds each had a sack tied with a ribbon that held everything they needed; food sneaked out over two weeks, warm clothes and the few personal items allowed. As well, there was a third sack, Lorie's, the one she never had time to gather before the brave swim across to the amphibian.
Sassy knew that at eleven the living compound fence was electrified, the same time as the lights in the dormitories were turned off and the Elf communion expected to sleep before the five thirty rise and call to devotions. However, they also knew that there were a few brief moments, fifteen at the most, when the 'protectors' stopped manning the gates and did a routine patrol outside the boundary fence. Their powerful flashlights could be seen every night checking for predators, usually nothing but animals that strayed in from the forest.
Even though Sassy thought sleep would never come, she must have dropped off for she jerked up to find Jennifer shaking her.
"Ready?" her friend whispered.
Watches were not allowed but Sassy pulled an ancient alarm clock from under her pillow and checked the fluorescent hands. Twenty to eleven! My God! It was time to go. She nodded, slipped out of bed, yanked off the nightgown and replaced it with a black jersey, usually only worn in times of mourning. Shoes were quickly pulled on and the sacks grabbed from beneath her bed.
"Let's go," she whispered.
*
Getting out of the building was easy enough. Though the doors were locked they climbed out through a toilet window where they had earlier broken the latch and oiled the hinges so it opened without a squeak. Outside, though, it was different. A half moon shone down from the dark sky with a million stars, a chilly breeze hit their faces and only the dark silhouette of the adjacent building gave them an idea of where to go.
Sassy's heart raced and she was sure the crunch of her footsteps could be heard a kilometre off. She could hear Jennifer's heavy breathing as they made their way across to the other block and followed it around. In front, was a grassed area and the main gate with a tiny guardhouse the protectors used in wet or snowy weather. Sounds were accentuated. Water lapping on the shore sounded almost too close and a swishing noise made Sass jump until she realized it was only the fir tree branches. She let go her last security, the edge of the building and walked directly forward across the grass in total darkness. She counted her steps as they'd done in the practice session. Eighty-three steps would take them to the small warning wire with the main fence a few meters beyond. In daylight it seemed so easy but in this eerie darkness the grounds were totally different. They made it across the grass, though, stepped over the wire and reached the fence. 
Light flashed outside and male voices could be heard.
"The guards!" Jennifer hissed. "Lie down."
Sassy did and sank onto the damp grass.
The voices came closer and two flashlights shone like beacons but seemed to be aimed along the top of the fence. Unless directly caught in a flashlight beam, they would be invisible in the darkness. She hoped!
After the men passed, Sassy squeezed Jennifer 's arm and they were off, heading towards the gate.
"What was that?" Jennifer whispered.
Sassy stopped with all senses on full alert. The fence and the fir trees beyond could be seen to their right. In front, it was inky black but from here came the sound of water lapping on the shore. Another noise, though, was the reason for Jennifer's question.
A low sound, half way between a sob and a moan came from near the guardhouse. Sassy's apprehension turned to terror. Though not superstitious, the months of sermons about the devil and dark forces did affect her judgment. Perhaps there was a devil and he was waiting for them!
"It's the pit," Jennifer whispered. "Someone's in the pit! I'm going to check."
"Don't!" hissed Sassy but she was too late. Jennifer had already disappeared into the darkness. God, she was alone!
She swallowed bile and set off across the lawn towards the noise. The pit was a punishment hole in the ground beside the guardhouse with a heavy grate placed over the top.
The two girls dropped to their knees and crawled the last few meters towards it. The moans were now quiet sobs, obviously male and it sounded as if the man was in pain.
"Can we help?" Jennifer whispered when they reached the grating.
The moans immediately stopped and Sassy edged forward to see a white face and round eyes staring up. The man's mouth was open in fright and a dark stain showed down his right chin.
"Who is it?" he whispered in a hoarse croak. "I told you before I don't know where Lorie is. I never helped her escape. All I wanted to do..." He hesitated ... "You aren't the protectors are you? You're girls!"
"Jennifer and Sassy," Jennifer said. "Lorie's friends."
"Go back!" the man hissed. "If they catch you, you'll get a caning."
"You mentioned Lorie," Sassy whispered.
"I only tried to tell her something before she swam out to the plane"
"How do you know about that?" the girl replied.
"We all know. At least the dozen or more of us working along the shore saw her wade in and swim towards the airplane. Afterwards we were all accused of helping her and I ... " He stopped and gave a gasp. "I tried to run off."
"And?" Jennifer whispered.
They shot me in the shoulder with a crossbow, dragged me here and tossed me in. Tomorrow I have to go before the elders."
"And your wound?"
"It isn't so bad as long as I don't bump it. My whole shoulder is just sort of numb."
Sassy looked at Jennifer and realized who it was. "It's Doug!" she said. "Remember, Lorie got into trouble because they were holding hands in the school gym. He reckoned he was just helping her over the wooden horse."
 Now they knew who it was, Sassy relaxed a little. Doug was a senior but a classmate because the high school students were all taught together in their small commune school. 
"Come on," whispered Sassy. "We can't stay here gossiping. We have to go."
"No," said Jennifer. "Doug helped Lorie so we will help him. Give me a hand to lift the grating."
"Are you crazy!" hissed Sassy.
"You go if you wish," Jennifer retorted, "but I am not going to leave Doug here. My God, he's in agony."
"Okay but if we're caught we'll be the ones down there, tomorrow."
The grate itself wasn't heavy but getting Doug out proved to be more difficult. He only had the use of one arm but finally managed to work his way up the pit side while the girls pulled his good arm. Gasping in agony he arrived at the top and was almost dragged the last few meters across a pile of clay to the grass. He staggered to his feet and managed a grin.
"Well girls," he said. "We're in this together now. If we're caught we'll all the thrashed and you will be put in the expurgatorial treatment."
Sassy trembled. Rumours of the treatment were well known. Of three women who had endured it, one died within a few weeks and the other two were reduced from happy cheerful people to haunted creatures who refused to talk of their experience.
"Well, let's go," Jennifer hissed. "The protectors will be around the perimeter soon and the fence will be turned on."
In spite of Sassy's misgivings, the rest of the breakout was straightforward. The gate was not even latched so, within moments they were across the jetty and following the shore along the bay.
"We have a canoe around the point," Sassy explained. "You know, one of those larger Indian ones. It is better than the kayaks as it is open and our gear can fit in."
"Then what?" gasped Doug as he stumbled along.
"We have a secret meeting place in the middle fork, a cave. We have a few supplies stacked there and with our sacks, we should have enough food for a week or more."
"And after that?" Doug pressed.
"We're hoping Lorie will come with Miss Meltz and the other pilot and rescue us."
"Okay," the youth replied but his voice didn't sound very optimistic.
They had just reached a small stream where the canoe was hidden when the compound behind burst into light and a siren howled.
Sassy stared at the others. "They found we're gone, already," she gasped.
In a frantic dash followed by Jennifer and wounded boy she crashed through the firs and found the canoe moored to a tree trunk that hung out over the water. She and Jennifer helped Doug in, passed over the three sacks and slid in themselves. They pushed off shore and paddled out.
"Keep near to shore," Doug advised. "It's pretty dark. If they send a boat out we'll see it before they see us..."
"Right," Sassy replied and pulled on the paddle, swung over to the other side with the double-ended instrument and started the rhythmic pattern that propelled them forward. Jennifer and herself were quite experienced and between them they were soon moving at a fast pace through the water.
Behind, the siren stopped howling but Doug, who was facing the rear said he could see people running in the lit up gate area. "They'll see I've gone," he grunted. "There's no sign of any boat yet. It'll take them a few minutes to get it on the water. Everything is locked up."
"Yeah, to protect us from wild animals," Sassy muttered sarcastically as she dug the paddle into the water and pulled. "I suppose a moose is going to unlock the boat shed and smash up their precious boat."
They again lapsed into silence as the girls concentrated on the paddling. The canoe rode low in the water and it was heavy work. Sassy's arms and shoulders began to ache and she could tell there wasn't as much assistance coming from Jennifer's paddle but she was not going to stop. She gritted her teeth and pulled the paddle again.
"We'll be at the top of the fork in sixteen minutes," she panted. "I remember that pointy rock we just went by."
"Head in behind it," Doug hissed. "They've got the boat out and it's coming this way!"
They were beside the rock within seconds. Sassy with Jennifer's help, clung to sharp protrusions and pulled the canoe in close to the rock. Nearby, the powerful roar of the outboard motor dropped to an idle. A searchlight came on and hovered over the water. 
"Pull back!" Jennifer hissed but Sassy waved for her to keep quiet. She knew a slightest movement would be seen.
"They couldn't have got this far," a voice rolled across the water. "Try the stream. They could have gone up around the first bend there."
"Or straight out," another voice added. "They'd expect us to search the shore..." The searchlight swished around and lit up the lake water further out, the outboard motor accelerated and the boat curved away.
For several moments the three waited in silence until the chugging engine noise disappeared.
"It the tremendous paddling effort you both put in that got us this far up the lake," Doug whispered. "I'd say it is safe to keep going but keep in close to shore. We aren't out of trouble yet."
"Right," Sassy whispered.
She pushed away from the rock and began paddling with Jennifer now helping with her own frantic paddling. The lights disappeared behind and soon they were alone with the lake shimmering in pale moonlight, the contrasting inky black firs and the sky like an enormous inverted basin punctured by the stars. Slop! Slop! The paddles rang out and an owl hooted in the distance. At one stage, green eyes stared at them from shore but Doug assured the girls it was only a small animal of some sort. Again, Sassy's arms and shoulders ached while Jennifer's puffing became more audible.
"Have a rest," Doug whispered. "We must be close to the middle fork by now."
"We're in it," Sassy replied with a touch of pride. "Look out and you can see the outline of the far shore. The main lake was too wide for that."
"Congratulations," Doug replied and reached out to her arm. Sassy jumped as the warm fingers squeezed her skin for a moment and let go but she realized it was a sign of appreciation and nothing sinister. "How are you going to find your cave?" the boy continued.
"We tied a strip of cloth on a branch where we turn up this small inlet. It looked so clear in daylight we thought it was almost too obvious but now, I don't know," Sassy replied. "Everything is so different at night."
"Okay, I'll keep an eye out for it."
"It's on the other side," Jennifer said. "We have to cross the inlet first and then it's at least two hundred meters in."
"I know," Sassy retorted, "but the inlet narrows further on. We need to stay on this side for a while, then we won't be in open water for so long."
Doug chuckled.
"What's wrong?" Sassy snapped.
"I was just thinking what brave girls you are. Out of everyone in our class you two are the best there are."
"You mean it?" Sassy replied, thrilled by the compliment. 
"I do," Doug replied. "Most of the others are either informers, are like indoctrinated zombies or are too scared to move. That includes the boys. If anything, they're worse than the girls. That's why the elders get away with what they do."
They paddled on and crossed the inlet as time slipped by. Sassy was about to suggest they turn back when Jennifer gave a tiny squeal of delight. The marker material was in sight.
"I'll get it," Jennifer laughed and reached up as they paddled under the branch.
Moments later they pushed aside undergrowth and entered a small lagoon. The trees almost touched overhead so they operated almost from memory and found a small gravel spit that was their destination.
"We can pull the canoe up here," Sassy explained. 
A few moments later they found the cave. Sassy clicked the flashlight on and the area burst into bright light. "It twists back a tiny way and opens out," she said as she shone the beam in the thin rectangular entrance. "I think water drains through it after rain though last time we were here it was dry"
"And everything is where we left it," Jennifer added and pulled away a small almost invisible piece of twine that stretched at waist height across the entrance. "Nobody's been here."
Doug grinned. "I'm impressed," he said.
"Now we wait and hope Lorie remembers we agreed to meet here," Sassy replied. She turned and noticed the boy's face for really the first time. As well as having a wounded shoulder, his cheek was bruised and swollen. He looked cheerful enough but pale and tired. "Come on, Doug," she continued quietly. "We'll have a look at your wound."
*

CHAPTER 5
The Wanderlust was old with paint flaking from its wooden hull but it was waterproof and moved surprisingly fast with the new outboard motor. It was stacked with as many supplies as they could carry and Reid had even tied one of the larger kayaks diagonally across the top of the small cabin.
"In case we get stuck or have a breakdown," he said when Lorie asked why it was needed.
After ten minutes of chugging east further up their fork they saw nothing more of life than a flock of disturbed Canada Geese. Cinders loved the boat and stood with her front paws on the side gazing silently at the birds. She was under orders to keep quiet but her tongue hung out the side of her mouth in almost a droll. Lorie couched in the sunshine with an arm around the dog and gazed at the fir forest that hugged the lakeside.
Only Kate looked downcast. She sat on the opposite side of the outboard from Reid staring at the water and had not spoken for several minutes.
"What is it, Kate?" Reid finally asked.
"Oh, I don't know," she replied, caught his kind eyes and shrugged. "It's just the airplane. It's as if my whole life is sitting on the lake bottom with it. I tried so hard to get the company established." She glanced up. "I was a pilot in Resolution Air, you know. The guy who ran it had everything going for him but blew it."
"How?" Reid said in a quiet voice.
"He got greedy and began to cut corners and carelessness turned into outright dishonesty when he began to fake records," Kate replied. "He'd fly a plane out in the morning, fly all day around northern Washington and only record a small fraction of the flying time." She shrugged. "It caught up with him after the Cessna had a small accident and the Federal Aviation Administration found it was thousands of hours overdue for a major overhaul."
"So what happened?" Reid added.
Kate stared out over the water ahead. "He blamed me for everything and, without a word, skipped the country before he had to face criminal charges," She pouted. "He took Phillipa, the office secretary with him. I found out later they'd been having an affair for almost a year and that was while he was engaged to me." Her eyes finally looked up at Reid. "Everything happened within a few weeks. He cleared out, the company went under and Dad died. Dad was a widower and my inheritance helped to pay for the airline. The CL-215 was going to be my main source of income. It was really a wreck and I spent over three hundred thousand getting it upgraded and now it's gone."
"Not really," Reid comforted. "It'll be raised."
"I know but it'll need another complete recondition before it is declared airworthy. The insurance covers the basic cost of the plane but not another recondition. I haven't even paid for the last one. I was counting on the earned revenue to pay for everything."
"I see," Reid replied. "So you need a bit of capital investment?"
"Failed airlines are a dime a dozen," Kate shrugged. "Nobody would be interested. The only way out is to be taken over by one of the larger local airlines that want my landing rights rather than the airline itself. I have international rights to fly up to Kelowna and Kamloops in British Columbia and they are a gem to hold. They'll sell the CL-215 for spares and stop serving the lake communities, not that there are many… "She stopped and grimaced. "I'm sorry, with what poor Lorie had to put up with and also yourself I should be thankful for what I have."
"It's so hard when no matter what you do, someone else stuffs it up," Reid replied. "I found it is often the honest, considerate people who are the ones trodden into the dust. The ruthless bastards are the ones who get on. What's that old saying? While the liberals display doubt, the rednecks are certain they are right."
"Exactly," Kate whispered. She turned and gazed back as the peninsular in front of the cabin disappeared from view. The wake from the outboard motor made a wide V curve across the water and the air seemed so clear it was as if one could reach out and touch the towering mountains behind the trees. "It's so lovely here, I can see why you came," she whispered.
"I thought so," Reid said. "Just Cinders and me."
Kate turned and nodded. "I wouldn't want to be here alone, though. Scenery like this has to be shared."
"I was going to share with Cinders. Dogs are great companions and never judgmental," he added softly.
"But now?"
Reid smiled slightly and glanced at his companion. "My perspective has changed, I guess." He switched his eyes to the shore ahead, moved the boat out around a partly submerged tree trunk and cut back the throttle. "We're well out of sight of the fork entrance. I think we can cross here without too much of a risk."
"Okay," Kate replied.
A quarter of an hour later they were moving slowly up the south shore and almost in sight of the cabin. This shore was flanked by wide shingle beaches that were a disadvantage as the trees were further back and the Wanderlust was in full sunlight rather than shaded by trees. After a brief discussion they pulled ashore and continued along the tree line by foot.
"I can see the cabin," Lorie who was with Cinders a few meters ahead of the others, called. "Oh my God!"
"What is it?" Reid rushed forward and reached for the field glasses he had earlier slung around his neck.
"We were right," Lorie whispered. "A boat is tied to the jetty near the tail of the airplane and I can see several people walking around."
Reid caught up to Lorie, raised his field glasses and grunted. An agitated looking Peter came into focus. It looked as if he had just returned from the cabin and the man was gesturing at two other men on the jetty. "I wish I had a listening device," he muttered. "I'd love to hear what he is saying."
"It won't take him long to realize we have a boat," Kate added. "He'll be cursing that he never wrecked it too."
She was proved right when another man emerged from the direction of the boathouse and Peter followed him back. He appeared again moments later and looked up. Lorie, who was using the field glasses, flinched. "He's looking directly at us!" she hissed.
"If we keep under the trees and don't let the sunlight reflect off the glasses, we should be safe enough," Reid replied. "The glasses are army surplus and are pretty powerful."
Kate handed the instrument back and nodded. "I know but it's still scary to know he is so close."
"So what do we do?" Kate asked.
"Wait and watch," Reid replied. "Except for making sure our boat is hidden, there is little else we can do at the moment."
*
The day drifted by and the only change across the lake came around an hour later when the boat left and began a slow patrol along the northern shoreline away from them. Unfortunately, two men were left at the cabin.
"Well, that's something," Kate said. "That's the longer way back to the commune."
"And closer to the mountains so there are quite a few streams to check," Reid added. "If they try examining every stream mouth it will keep them occupied all day. I have a feeling that they won't bother. After all they can afford to wait."
"But we can't get out into the lake," Kate added. "There are cliffs around from us and we'd be completely exposed." She shrugged. "Where is there to go anyway?"
"To look for Sassy and Jennifer," Lorie pleaded. "I know where they'll be."
Reid glanced at Kate and shrugged. "Show us on the map, Lorie," he said. He brought out a large-scale map of the lake he'd found in the cabin and lay it on the ground.
The lake did look like an eagle's claw but could also be described as a capital E with the Elf Commune in the south-western corner. Reid's cabin was on the north coast about half a kilometre across from where they were now and a couple of kilometres from the top end of the E. The middle fork was a skinny wriggling section on the east coast a kilometre north of the commune. It cut across about two kilometres and would only be about three hundred meters across in its widest part while the main lake was over  a kilometre wide at its widest point by over ten kilometres around the west coast or outside part of the E.
"The cave is here," Lorie said. She knelt on hands and knees and pointed to a small inlet about three hundred meters up the northern side of the middle section. It's not marked but I'm sure that's the place."
"Almost three kilometres from here around this coast," Reid muttered.
"And past the cliffs," Kate added. "The fork entrance would be less than a kilometre from the commune, too."
"That's the only place they would be," Lorie said with disappointment in her voice. "Anyhow, where else can we go?"
"We didn't say we wouldn't try to find your friends Lorie," Reid replied in an understanding voice. We don't want to be trapped by Peter and the others, that's all. If we're caught it will help nobody, will it?"
"Guess not," the girl replied.
While the two talked, Kate studied the map. "You know the stream that feeds into the lake splits with a smaller section going to the middle fork while the rest feeds into this one."
Reid followed Kate's finger on the map and saw the two forks almost met at the end and, as she had noted, stream split into a Y and fed into both sections. "Interesting, "he said. "Can you remember seeing the area from the air?"
"Vaguely," Kate replied. "The stream is not very large but there is an extension of the valley there so I doubt if there would be rapids. Why?"
"Let's go up our fork to the end and see if we can get through. If we can, we can go down the middle fork using the back door, so to speak."
"And if we can't?" Kate replied. "It'll be a pretty rough shoreline if we have to walk."
"We stay the night on shore somewhere and reconsider our position. With Peter going in the other direction now is as good a time as ever to head back up our fork."
*
Thimble Creek at the end of the northern fork was wide and free of large boulders. Water tumbled over smooth stones and entered the deep waters of Eagle's Claw Lake. The only problem was it was shallow and hardly more than half a meter deep when Wanderlust crunched to a halt. Reid had stopped the outboard motor earlier and tipped it up and the three had been using the kayak paddles to punt themselves along.
"Now what?" Kate gasped. All around, the firs hugged the shore and there was no sign of the tributary that flowed into the middle fork.
"Take the kayak down, load everything into it and tow it with a rope," Lorie suggested. "With the boat empty we might even be able to float it again."
"A great idea," Reid replied. He had similar ideas himself but didn't want to take away Lorie's pleasure of being able to contribute.
"Look, I'll take the field glasses and slip back to that last bend where I'll be able to see half way up the fork." Kate added. "If anything comes I should be able to see it at least ten minutes before they get here." She took Reid's smile as approval and slipped overboard. "God the water's cold," she shivered and wadded ashore.
"Are you going to help Kate, Girl?" Reid said to Cinders.
The dog looked at Reid, out to Kate, gave a tiny yelp and plunged into the water. She paddled ashore, ran up the small bank and shook herself dry all over a laughing Kate who rubbed her ears, glanced up, gave a wave and disappeared in the firs with the dog on her heels.
"Okay, Lorie, there's work to do," Reid chuckled.
Lorie proved again to be a great help. Without hesitating, she lowered herself into the water and guided the kayak Reid handed to her down on the water, giggled as it almost floated away and held it by the side of the larger craft. Within moments, the kayak was full, Reid lowered an anchor in case the Wanderlust decided to start floating and also climbed overboard.
Once his weight was off the boat, it lifted and was almost afloat. "I reckon if I take off the outboard we'll do it," he said.
It took three trips to get everything, including the outboard motor, ashore but in the end the boat did float. Reid smiled in satisfaction and wandered back to find Kate.
"Nobody's coming," she said. "We could be alone in the world."
"I wish we were," Reid replied and reported of their progress.
They began to walk slowly back. Kate smiled as Reid slipped his arm around her shoulder while Cinders almost tripped her up trying to walk just that little bit too close.
Lorie ran to meet them. "The other creek is just over that little mound. I can see where they join. It's not far at all. I already carried some of our stuff across ready to load." She screwed her nose up. "The motor was a bit heavy, though."
"You know," Reid said to Kate, "We might just keep this young lass around for a while. She just about pays for her keep and board, don't you think?"
"Probably," Kate replied. "Mind you she sure eats a lot…"
"Kate!" Lorie retorted. "It was you said I had to…" She caught their eyes and laughed. "Okay," she finished. "I'm not used to being teased. We weren't allowed to do it, not even in fun."
"Well, you can now, Lorie," Reid replied. "That's the sort of things friends do."
"And we're friends, aren't we?" Lorie replied in a serious manner. "I mean I'm not just a burden, am I?"
"No," Kate replied. "We're friends, Lorie, good friends who will keep on looking after each other."
"Well, let's get the boat into the other creek, then," Lorie replied and tied the kayak to the rear of Wanderlust.
Forty minutes later, three shivering wet individuals had the boat in the new stream and Reid had bolted the motor back on. This stream was narrower and, therefore, deeper while ahead, the lake stretched away with firs growing right down to the water's edge.
"Well, shall we go?" he said. "With a little bit of luck, we might find Lorie's friends before nightfall."
He pulled the starter cord; there was a splutter, a cloud of blue smoke and the outboard roared to life to drown all their speech. They headed forward with the kayak bobbing along in their wake. Almost transparent water, green trees and a slit of bright blue sky again became their world. Ahead was the unknown but, at the moment, Reid felt more secure and hopeful.
*
"Oh, Doug," Sassy wailed. "What else can we do for you?"
The young man attempted to smile but it was more of a gasp of pain as he attempted to sit up. His shoulder wound was bloated with oozing pus soaking out through the bandage the girls had applied. Perspiration dripped off his forehead and a large lump had begun to appear beneath his armpit.
"We should have prayed for him," Jennifer said in a quiet voice. "Perhaps we're being revenged for running away."
"Oh don't be stupid!" Sassy snapped. "That sort of talk won't help Doug one little bit."
"That's what they do back home," Jennifer argued. "What do you know, anyway?"
"I know Doug was shot with an arrow and for some reason his shoulder has become infected. It was probably that terrible pit he was tossed in. I'll take the bandage off and bathe it in hot water again."
Jennifer nodded. "Okay," she replied. "I'm sorry, Sassy. It's just that I feel so guilty. We've missed three devotion times and Doug has got worse. They seem to be connected, somehow."
"There is no reason why you still can't have devotion here if you want to," Sassy replied in a more tolerant voice. "It doesn't have to be in the chapel."
"Do you want to?" the other girl asked with a slight tremble in her voice.
"No," Sassy replied," but from what Lorie's mother told us, that doesn't matter. In the world outside the commune we have a choice. I chose not to do it but if you choose otherwise that is fine. It's called democracy, Jennifer. We choose for ourselves and do what we think is right not what Peter or the other elders force us to do."
Doug reached up and took Jennifer's hand. "That's true, Jennifer," he said. "If you want to go and pray for me, I will feel proud."
Jennifer smiled and withdrew her hand. "We shouldn't even touch each other, should we?"
"I think many of the things we've been told are untrue," Doug replied. "There is nothing wrong in touching a friend."
"I'll boil some water," Jennifer said. She went and stoked up the small fire they'd risked lighting in a small dip near the cave and placed an old aluminium kettle on it. "We'll bathe the wound again"
Sassy sighed. When she had earlier wrapped Doug's wound up, Jennifer couldn't even bare to look. It was difficult for them all and this just waiting for Lorie who may never come made everything worse. Somehow their plan had stopped here in the cave. This was going to be their salvation, but it wasn't! Sure, they hadn't been caught but things they hadn't even thought about were affecting them, Doug's illness, nowhere to wash clothes not to mention having to create a toilet to use.
They helped each other do what they could for Doug after he dropped off into an uneasy sleep. The wound was still weeping and even began to smell bad. Sassy took the old bandage down to the lake and washed it off before bring it up to soak in the boiling water. She added soap powder and watched the suds bubble up. 
"This will kill the germs," she said. "We've only got two bandages so will have to use it again."
"Will Doug, die?" Jennifer asked in a whisper.
"I doubt it," Sassy replied but her earlier optimism had disappeared. It was late afternoon and already quite cold. Another night like the last one could be more than Doug could handle and, of course, Lorie was nowhere around.
It seemed hopeless but it wouldn't help to confess her thoughts to Jennifer. 
"Look, I'm going for a bit of a walk out to the lake," Jennifer said. "Will you be okay for ten minutes or so?"
"Sure," Sassy replied. "I'll start some supper. We've got plenty of vegetables, eggs and milk so I'll make us all something warm and appetizing."
Sassy smiled and decided Jennifer wasn't a liability. Her friend was an excellent cook and she knew that without her company she'd be quite frightened out here in the wilderness.
Five minutes later Jennifer rushed back into the cave with her face terrified. "Quick," she gasped. "There's a launch out in the lake and it is heading right this way. We need to hide... Now!"

 CHAPTER 6
"What about the fire?" Sassy gasped.
"Leave it. There is no time," Jennifer hissed. "Come on. Let's hope they don't bother to search thoroughly."
She ran across to Doug who was still asleep, gently shook him and explained what was wrong. 
"Right," he replied and with Sassy's help, staggered to his feet.
It was pitch dark around the first corner of the twisting cave but nobody dared turn on a flashlight. Sassy led and ran her hand along the wall until it disappeared and a slight puff of colder air buffeted her face.
"Here," she whispered and felt her way into a small side cave. 
This was barely wide enough to squeeze through but they knew it opened out after a few meters. They had explored this side tunnel earlier and found it continued on for an unknown distance. Now, though, they squatted down in complete darkness and waited, afraid that their footsteps would echo back to the main cave. 
 Sassy reached for both her companions' hands and found them cold and sweaty but reassuring as nothing could be seen except total darkness. Her friend's breathing could be heard and the damp smell of soil whiffed past her nose.
She heard a dog bark, so loud her body jumped and heart began thumping in her rib cage. It was mere meters away but, though scared, sound reasoning impregnated her mind.
Pets were regarded as unnecessary at the commune and they didn't even use farm dogs. Nobody there owned a dog! 
*
As soon as he cut the motor, the smell of wood smoke hit Reid's nose. This was the fourth tiny inlet they had searched and Lorie's earlier confidence had become uncertainty as the whole north side of the middle fork was indented with bays, inlets and tiny creeks tumbling down from the forest.
"Smell it?" he said to his companions.
"This is it!" Lorie exclaimed, her voice tinged in excitement. "It must be!"
"Take it quietly," Reid warned. It was late afternoon, the whole fork was in shadow and everything dim. He reached for Cinders and stroked her head. "What can you smell, girl? Is anybody here?"
Cinders glanced up and gave her tail two wags before she stared at the shore with nose ears and eyes on full alert.
"I'll jump ashore and pull the boat in," Reid said.
"Okay," Kate replied. "Be careful."
Reid nodded, grabbed the mooring rope and stepped from the back deck across to a flat rock. His momentum pushed the Wanderlust out but she tugged the rope and walked forward until she could see beyond the rock she had stepped out on. In front, was a tiny shingle area and a dry creek bed. The distinct smell of burning wood was stronger here but there was no fire in sight. He glanced down and saw several footprints in the damp pebbles. Two were smaller but one looked as large as any he would make.
"Lorie," he called back. "You said your friends would wait for you here. Were any men?"
"No," Lorie replied in a worried tone. "Only girls my age, Sassy definitely and possibly Jennifer ...  Why?"
"Look here," Reid replied when the other two caught him up. "That one set of footprints is too big for someone Lorie's size."
"Perhaps they were caught," the girl gasped.
"Okay," Reid replied in a grim voice. "It is no good just guessing. Someone has been here so we need to find out what happened. Agreed!" He turned; saw Lorie's frightened eyes and Kate's apprehension.
"Go on," Kate whispered.
Reid nodded and turned to Cinders. "Search, Girl!" He directed. "Find the girls. Follow the footprints."
Cinders set off at a rapid pace with her nose to the ground. Within seconds they found a commune canoe dragged into a little dip and covered in amateur fashion with a few dead fir limbs. Half a dozen steps further along was the cave and the embers of the fire they had smelt. 
"It's our cave, "Lorie said. "I'd know it anywhere."
"But no people," Kate observed. "You could be right, Lorie. Peter or one of the others must have caught them."
But Cinders did not hesitate. She continued on up to the cave mouth and inside. The trio followed and found the signs of recent occupation including dirty dishes and a still warm kettle. Three sacks were sitting against one wall and a girl's black jersey was looped over a rock. 
"It looks tidy," Reid observed as he moved the flashlight around. "There's no sign of a struggle."
"Look at Cinders," Lorie whispered. "She's not stopping."
"Go Girl," Reid said. "Bark if you find anything."
Seconds later the bark made everyone jump in fright.
"I'll go," Reid whispered and followed Cinders up the side cave with his flashlight blazing.
*
Seconds later the two parties met. Sassy and Jennifer wide apprehensive eyes turned to relief when Lorie appeared behind Reid and the panting Black Labrador.
"Sassy, Jennifer!" Lorie screamed and rushed forward. 
Tears, hugs, explanations and introductions followed before everyone returned to the main cave and only Doug hung back looking tired and worried.
Reid noticed and turned professional. "I'll look at your wound, Lad," he said. "Kate will you get my medical bag from the boat, please."
"Sure, Reid," she replied and left the cave.
"Reid's not a pilot. He's a doctor," Lorie explained.
Jennifer frowned. "A medical doctor?" she asked.
"That's right, Jennifer," Reid replied and sensed her nervousness. "I know you were taught we aren't needed but I assure you I'll do nothing to Doug without his permission."
"No, that's fine, Reid," the girl replied. "If Lorie trusts you, that's good enough for me. It's just so hard to find everything we've been taught is wrong. It's as if my whole life has been a lie."
"No it's not," Lorie interrupted. "Just some things were, not everything. We've spent hours talking about it over the last two days."
"And I don't mind you helping, Reid," Doug added. "In fact, I appreciate anything you can do. The girls were marvellous and I'm sure without their help it would be worse."
"Okay, let's see." Reid began to unwrap the bandage.
With Cinders keeping guard by the Wanderlust, Reid concentrated on helping Doug. Kate held the flashlight and the commune girls watched. Even Jennifer was engrossed as Reid began his examination. 
"You did everything right," Reid stated quietly and smiled up at Jennifer. He turned to Doug. "How far away were from the bow that shot you?" he asked.
"I'm not sure," Doug replied. "I was running and suddenly it felt as if I'd been hit by a fence post. I stumbled and it was only then I heard the sound of the gun go off. After that, I remember very little. Just pain, shouting voices and I felt my shirt become soggy. I must have blacked out, I guess."
"I see… Unfortunately, Doug, a piece of the arrowhead is still embedded in your upper arm. That is why it has turned septic. I'll have to get it out."
"Okay," Doug whispered but failed to hide the quiver in his voice.
"Don't worry," Reid replied. "I can give you a local aesthetic. It won't hurt."
"A needle into the skin!" Jennifer gasped and turned whiter than Doug's pale face.
"It's not a sin, Jennifer," Lorie defended. "This is not the devil at work. He's a kind man helping us. Understand?"
"I believe Lorie," Sassy supported. "We haven't been able to help Doug and you don't want him to die, do you?"
"Of course not," Jennifer whispered.
"Look," Kate interrupted. "What say you and I go out and see how Cinders is getting on, Jennifer. We can't do anything to help, anyway."
"Okay," the girl agreed. Like Sassy and Lorie's before it was cut, she had long hair that hung down over her face and wore the commune uniform. Her features, though, were darker than Lorie's with brunette hair and olive skin. In many ways she looked like a frightened child rather than a mature teenager and never complained when Kate's arm went around her shoulder and guided her away.
Kate looked up. "Do you want to come, too Sassy, Lorie?" she asked but both the other girls shook their heads and switched their attention back to Reid who had produced a needle and tiny bottle of clear liquid from his bag.
"There will be a slight prick and your arm will go numb but you'll have the funny feeling it is all puffed up," Reid explained to Doug. "What happens is that your mind gets no signal from the area and replaces this with its own, that of something all swollen up. We call it pins and needles." He continued with his description and found his audience clinging to every word.
The two girls  watched  with fascination as Reid made a tiny incision with a scalpel. He ignored the blood that flowed and used tweezers to dig into the wound. Sassy gasped but held the tiny basin out when asked while Doug gritted his teeth, looked out into the darkness and squeezed Lorie's hand.
"It's done," Reid said a moment later and dropped a tiny fragment into the basin. "They had steel tips on their arrows. When it was pulled out this was left behind. Now I'll put in a couple of stitches and get you wrapped up, Doug. It'll be sore for a while once the aesthetic wears off but by morning the swelling should have gone and within a week you'll be fine. I'll give you a tetanus shot, too if you agree"
"Give me whatever is needed thanks, Reid," Doug replied. "Between you and the girls, I have so much to be thankful for, I don't know where to begin."
"It's okay," Reid replied. "Just get better and afterwards we'll all get away from this horrible commune. That's a promise from me."
"And I reckon you're a guy who keeps his promises," Doug replied with a grin.
*
"So how many motor boats does the commune own?" Reid asked an hour later. It was dark, quite cool but they'd all eaten a solid meal and were sitting in the light of an old kerosene lamp Sassy had brought with them.
"Only one that I know of," Sassy replied. "There could be more, though. The boat shed is outside the compound and we were never allowed near it. The kayaks and canoes we use are kept in a different place."
"What are you thinking, Reid?" Kate asked.
"So far, those guys have really had everything their way. They scuttled your airplane, driven us out of my cabin and effectively cut off our communication with the outside world. Doug's been shot and the girls made outcasts. I think it is about time we did something. To sit here is useless. We'll either  be found or run out of food."
"But by tomorrow, someone will realize the a CL-215 is late. I'm sure search aircraft will be over soon after that," Kate replied.
Reid shrugged "Unless Peter contacted Spokane and told them the plane is at the commune with say mechanical repairs and won't be back for a week. It would be perfectly plausible, wouldn't it?"
"I never thought of that," Kate admitted.
"The lake is only about ten kilometres long," Lorie cut in. "Eventually they must find us. " 
"So what, Reid?" Doug asked.
"We hit back," Reid snapped. "They've proved to be utterly ruthless. Look at the way you were treated. If they catch us, I doubt if we'll survive. It would be so easy to fake the sunken plane as a crash and have a few drowned bodies floating around. "
"Reid, don't!" Lorie gasped.
In the flickering light all three of the commune girls looked pale and scared. The exhilaration of finding each other and being free had gone. Now, the grim reality of their situation had to be faced.
Kate nodded with her lips creased in a thin line and eyes determined. "And now is the time, Reid," she said softly. "The longer we wait the more the stranglehold will tighten. What do you suggest we do?"
*
It was after midnight when the canoe paddled along the south coast of Eagle's Claw Lake next to a beach and from exactly the opposite direction from where the pair hoped they'd be expected. Everyone, including Doug and Jennifer wanted to help so a compromise was made with everyone taken in Wanderlust out to the main lake, across to the western shore and south for a kilometre to a small bay and beach. Here, Reid and Lorie continued in the girls' canoe that had replaced the kayak. Kate had wanted to accompany Reid but understood his logic of remaining on the boat with Jennifer and Doug. If they hadn't returned by four, Kate would then head back to the cave before daylight arrived. 
The commune was in total darkness but, with the help of the moon, the pair could see the western corner of the compound fence. Here they paddled ashore and pulled the canoe up on the sandy shore.
"Don't touch the fence," Lorie warned in a harsh whisper. "It's charged."
"Okay," Reid replied and stared around. To his left the lake was black, ahead the fence could be seen fading away into darkness while, overhead, half the sky was star-studded and held the moon while the rest remained black. "Come on, Girl," he whispered to Cinders. "Remember, quiet. No barking. Understand?"
Cinders did and walked silently along between her master and the blonde girl dressed again in the black jersey and wearing Kate's jeans. They reached the boathouse without a problem but found the wooden doors open and, after an inspection more by feel than eyesight, they realized it was empty.
"Hell," snorted Lorie. "They're probably at your cabin waiting for us."
"Possibly," Reid whispered. "Of course, the boat could be tied to the jetty ready for an early start in the morning. Come on. We'll keep going."
They moved forward in eerie stillness. The sounds were all natural, water lapping on the shore, the wind in the firs ahead and the occasional hoot of an owl. It was chilly but so clear, Reid was sure that if anyone was by the fence they would see their silhouette. Also, Cinders would forewarn them of anyone nearby.
But all remained still.
"The jetty!" Lorie whispered needlessly when the wooden structure loomed like a ghostly skeleton out of the gloom.
"Okay," Reid whispered back. "We need to be very careful. I would not be surprised if some sort of trip wire or warning device is rigged up somewhere." He turned to Cinders. "Search, Girl. Find anything but no barking. Okay?"
Again Cinders obeyed. Her nose went down and she moved ahead a burst, waited for the pair to catch up and continued forward in a zigzag type sweep of the shore. They were at the base of the jetty when Cinders stopped, her hair rose and an almost inaudible growl came from her mouth.
Reid patted her head in acknowledgment, reached back to where Lorie's hand slipped in his, and moved quietly forward. Something had disturbed Cinders but he didn't know what. 
Though expecting something, the cough made him jump in fright. It was above them on the decking and only a few meters away.
They froze. Footsteps sounded on the wooden planking, the heavy tread of boots. So there was a guard, after all!
"Take Cinders, go under the deck and wait," Reid whispered in a terse order. "Don't call out if you hear me talk. Understand?"
Lorie stared at Reid with her teeth biting on a bottom lip but nodded and reached for the dog's collar.
Now alone, Reid retreated inland, scrambled on all fours up a small embankment and reached the road. He squinted around. Nothing could be seen inland except the tops of fir trees that shaded anything in front from the moonlight. There was the fence and compound beyond and the slight scrape of metal against metal. The tree boughs sighed and water lapped below. Reid turned and smiled slightly. A boat was tied to the far side of the jetty.
Now could he cover the twenty or so meters to the boat without being noticed? He had the trees behind so would form no silhouette but all it needed was his foot to crunch on a loose piece of gravel and that would be it. If the guard was alone, he would be alert to the slightest sound; a lonely jetty in the middle of the night would make the most confident person apprehensive. The chances are the man would be armed, too. Reid grunted and decided to take a different approach. He slid back down the bank and moved back towards the fence another dozen steps, swallowed and stepped purposely out on the road.
Nothing moved!
He stepped forward and headed towards the jetty. "Aye," he called out. "I was told to come and replace you. Anything happen?"
By now he'd reached the deck and assumed his adversary was only a wee way ahead.
"Shit, don't do that," a voice replied. "You scared hell out of me."
The man had been leaning against the side of the boat and now stepped forward out of the gloom.
"There's been a change of plan," Reid said. "Peter wants you inside. I'm to take over."
"Me. What for?" The voice sounded worried.
"Who knows?" Reid replied. He never slackened his stride and was abreast of the man before any suspicion arose.
The man's eyes stared at Reid. "Who the hell..." he began but managed no more words as a heavy wrench swung out and sliced down on his head above the ear. Reid knew has anatomy and was sure only one heavy blow would be required.
It was!
With barely a moan the guard collapsed forward into Reid who grabbed the shoulders and lowered him to the ground. 
"Lorie," Reid whispered over the side. "Come on up but be quiet. There may be more than one guard.
She did so well; it was only when a wet tongue licked his hand a couple of moments later that Reid realized the pair were with him.
"Reid!" Lorie whispered, her voice trembling. "There's something thumping on the boat. Cinders heard it as we came up."
*
My God, she was right. A muffled thump, thump came from the middle area of the boat, probably in the area of the cabin. 
"Well it worked once. We'll do it again," Reid whispered. "We're going to walk casually aboard. When I talk, just say anything but keep your voice calm and low without it being a whisper. Okay?"
"Sure Reid." Lorie replied and responded to the slight squeeze he gave her shoulder by bending her head into his chest. His young friend was proving to be a very resourceful young lady. "On three," he whispered.
"...And where on the boat did you reckon you left your shoes?" he said. His voice sounded loud but, he hoped, casual.
"The cabin," Lorie replied. "I'm going to be in deep trouble if I lose them."
"You are already in trouble now," Reid continued. "Coming out here in the dead of night. If I report you..."
"Don't please, "Lorie pleaded. "I only..."
They were on deck and stopped. Everything was quiet and even the thumping had stopped. But, no, there was a noise. Cinders was growling, her head stretched forward and hair along her back bristled. 
Someone was on board. It was time!
Reid handed the wrench, still in his hand, to his companion, reached in his jacket pocket and pulled out a tiny flashlight. He stepped forward, switched the light on the world blazed out as if a skyrocket had lit up. Head in the glaring light were three steps that led to a small door. Reid moved quickly, turned the handle and ran his shoulder into the door. Eighty kilograms of brute force hit the door but it swung in so easily, Reid almost lost balance as he stumbled inside.
The interior was as bright as day in the flashlight beam and it took only microseconds for the man to absorb the scene in front. A woman in her twenties was lying on a narrow bunk opposite the door. Puffed blackened eyes stared out beneath a tangled mass of hair. Her arms and legs were tied to the sides of the bunk sides. A second glance showed that as well as the woman's battered face her arms were bruised, her blouse was ripped so underwear was exposed and her jeans were half off, ruffled and dirty. She was gasping for breath like an asthmatic and the petrified eyes that held Reid for a second moved on to the girl behind him.
She stopped the wild breathing and just stared. "Lorie!" she whispered and burst into sudden tears of extreme emotion.
If Reid was astonished, it was nothing compared with Lorie's reaction. "Erika!" she cried, with the words barely forming in her throat. "But how can it be! I was told you were dead." She turned to Reid and gasped. "Erika is my older sister. I haven't seen her since before Mom's death." 
*

CHAPTER 7
Kate stared out over the silver water and shivered. The moon had descended and the sky to the east was now red with the approaching dawn. She gazed at her watch for the third time in as many minutes. Four thirty had long come and gone but she refused to head back to the cave.
"You're keen on Reid, aren't you?" Sassy said as she came and stood at the end of Wanderlust.
"Me," Kate retorted. "He's a nice guy but I don't really know him any more than you do."
"Oh yeah," Sassy continued in a quiet voice. "So I guess you're clinging the hand rail with white knuckles and staring out at the water because you're worried about Lorie?"
Kate turned and fixed her eyes on the younger woman. "Of course I am," she replied in a quieter voice, then smiled. "Oh hell, Sassy. Is it that obvious?"
"That you have the hots for Reid?"
Kate smiled. "If you put it that way…"
The girl ran a strand of hair through her fingers and replied "He's a great guy but we can't stay here much longer, you know. In half an hour it'll be so light we'll be in full view of the camp. Everyone there will be up soon and walking across for morning devotions in the chapel."
"Ten minutes," Kate replied. "Then I promise we'll return to the cave. Okay?"
Sassy nodded. "Fair enough," she replied and turned as Jennifer approached.
"Are we going?" Jennifer asked nervously. "Doug has finally fallen asleep on the bunk and..." He voice trailed off as she gazed out across the lake and uttered a sigh of delight. "Shall we start the motor?" she asked.
"Why?" Kate snapped again.
"The canoe's coming," Jennifer replied. "Look!"
Kate swung around and stared out over the water but saw only a dozen ducks fly off the surface. A series of quacks floated through the air.
"They've been disturbed," Jennifer replied. "That is in direct line with the jetty so it must be the canoe. Every morning on the way to chapel, I'd look out and watch the ducks. They made me feel free, somehow. I got to know their movements quite well."
"Oh Jennifer," Sassy scoffed but her tone turned to delight. "My God, you're right!" she gasped.
Far out on the lake a light flickered, three times, stopped and was followed by two longer flashes. This was their prearranged signal meaning Reid was safe but wanted to be picked up.
Kate grinned, gave Jennifer a massive hug and grabbed the starter cord. It took three pulls before the cold motor, chugged, almost stopped and roared into life.
"Get the anchor up, you two," she yelled. She grabbed the steering arm and waited while Sassy and Jennifer ran to the bow and pulled the anchor up.
"Okay!" called Sassy.
Kate opened the throttle and Wanderlust charged forward, bumped for a few seconds until the nose lifted and accelerated towards the position the flashlight signal had come from. Seconds later the canoe appeared like a black cardboard cut-out in the red dawn. Doug joined the others on the aft deck with his wounded arm in a sling. He held the rail with his good hand to steady himself and looked as excited as Kate.
"There're three people!" Jennifer exclaimed again before the others could distinguish individual shapes in the canoe. "A woman."
Sassy accepted Jennifer's comment and dug Kate in the ribs. "She's got eyes like a eagle," she whispered.
"Yeah, and good hearing, too," Jennifer shot back.
"You're right," Kate added. "There are three in the canoe."
She accelerated Wanderlust forward until they were almost to the canoe, cut the throttle and waited as the boat rode the swell from its own wake and watched the wash buffet the canoe.
"Here, help with Erika," Reid shouted up. "She's a little sore so be careful."
Everyone leaped to action. Doug held the mooring rope from the canoe that Lorie had thrown up to him, Jennifer bent over and held the rear of the canoe while Kate took the stranger's hand and almost hoisted her aboard.
The woman caught her eyes and smiled while Kate frowned to herself. Erika looked strangely familiar. Of course, though shorter, older and slightly chubbier, this could be Lorie. She had the same oval face, hair colouring and cheekbones.
"Kate," Lorie said after she hoisted Cinders aboard and jumped onto the deck. "Meet Erika, my big sister. She came all the way here to get me out of the commune but was caught by Peter when he was searching for us…"
"Hello, Kate," Erika interrupted in a soft voice that even sounded a little like Lorie. "I hope I won't be a burden."
"The bastards beat her up," Reid snarled. "Really bad!"
He pulled himself aboard and was about to start tying the canoe behind Wanderlust when Kate reached forward from behind and tucked her arms around him.
"I thought you were caught," she whispered as he turned around. Her lips quivered and tears appeared in her eyes.
Reid ran a tongue along his bottom lip, held Kate close and brushed her hair. "Don't cry, Kate. We're safe; I've wrecked their boat motor and tossed their spare outboard motor in the lake. It'll be a while before they'll be mobile."
Kate nodded, pulled back and took out a handkerchief. She wiped her eyes. "Well, we'd better get going," she replied.
"Kate," Reid whispered.
She looked up. "Yes…"
Reid reached forward and gave her a bruising, passionate kiss. She responded and, for a moment, the others in the boat were forgotten. Finally, Reid held her back by the shoulders and smiled. "Can I go out and come in again?" he asked.
"Why?" Kate replied.
"Well, with that sort of welcome, I just want to do it all again."
"Oh Reid," Kate whispered, flung her arms back around his neck and buried her face in his neck, before turning up and kissing him again.
Meanwhile, it was Jennifer who guided Erika down into the cabin, sat her on the bunk and placed an arm around her shoulders. "We were told you were dead," she said softly. "What happened and why did you risk coming back?"
"It's a long story," Erika sighed. "I came back as I knew Lorie would be sixteen next week and I didn't want her to go through the three years of hell I endured before I managed to escape." She wiped a hand over her face. "I wanted to rescue you, Sassy and the younger girls too, Jennifer, but you ended up rescuing me. Ironic, isn't it?"
"It was Lorie who made it all possible," Jennifer replied. She sat down and filled Erika in on details the older woman hadn't already heard earlier.
*
On deck, Lorie glanced at Reid and Kate embracing, turned and saw Sassy standing by a bashful Doug and realized Jennifer had helped Erika. "Well, Girl," she said to Cinders, "if we don't do something, we'll be here until lunch time."
She squatted down, gave the Black Labrador a hug and walked across to the idling motor. With Cinders beside her she opened the throttle so suddenly, everyone aboard staggered.
"Sorry everyone!" she called and headed the boat up the lake. The red sky had turned to a pale blue and, in the gap between the eastern mountains, the first rays of sunlight appeared.
"Where to, Reid?" she shouted above the roar of the motor.
"Straight up the centre of the lake," he yelled back. "We're heading back to my cabin."
Lorie swallowed and switched her attention back to the boy beside of her. She reached across and deposited a tiny kiss on his cheek. Both flushed in embarrassment but Doug responded with an equally small peck back. To the pair, used to an absolute ban on fraternization between the sexes, this was a whole new experience.
"I was so worried about you," Doug whispered.
"Were you?" Lorie replied. "Why silly old me when you had Sassy and Jennifer to look after you."
"They're great, too," Doug replied, "but…" He stopped and looked into her eyes. "We're going to be just ordinary people, Lorie, free to be ourselves. It will be hard, I guess, we'll make mistakes but they'll be our own mistakes to make."
Lorie nodded, glanced across, saw Sassy grinning at her and Cinders wagging her tail. Even the dog seemed to approve.
*
The trip north was trouble free with Sassy taking over the controls while Reid went inside the cabin to give Erika a professional examination.
"I believe you have a couple of cracked ribs," he said. Though his probing fingers were gentle, Erika squinted in pain. "I'll bandage them but there is little more I can do. How did it happen?"
Erika heaved. "I was kicked in the ribs after Peter knocked me to the ground.
"You were sexually violated, weren't you?" Reid added quietly.
"Yes," the woman whispered.
"Multiple?"
Erika bit on her lip, nodded and her whole body shuddered. "Don't tell, Lorie, please. Reid," she gasped.
"If you wish but she is a very understanding young lady. Do you want to talk to any of the others?"
"Kate," Erika whispered. "Can you leave us alone for a moment?"
"Of course," Reid replied, "I won't be a moment." He walked out to the deck and found Kate waiting.
"How is she?" she said.
"Physically bruised and battered. She's baring up well but was subject to gang rape by Peter and those other men." 
"Oh hell," Kate whispered. "Does Lorie know?"
"She guesses but Erika wants to hide the truth from her. After I found her in the boat I suspected this had happened but we never discussed it in front of Lorie."
"I'll go to her," Kate replied. She squeezed Reid's arm and slipped into the tiny cabin.
Lorie slipped over from where she was sitting with Doug and grabbed Reid's arm. "They all did it to her, didn't they?" she whispered.
Reid grimaced. "She won't allow me to say," he replied.
"To protect my feelings?"
Reid nodded. As a doctor he had to respect patient confidentiality but as a friend he felt if Lorie knew what had happened, it would help both sisters.
"Can I go and talk to her?" Lorie asked.
"I'll see," Reid replied and slipped back inside to find Erika sobbing quietly in Kate's arms. "Lorie wants to see you," he said when she looked up. "Would you like her to come in?"
"When I was sixteen, she was only nine, so beautiful and tall for her age with long blonde hair. I vowed then I'd never expose her to these filthy animals." Erika managed a tiny smile, "I would like her here, thank you Reid."
"I'll get her," he replied, poked his head out the door. Lorie appeared and grabbed her sister in a tearful hug. "You looked after me for years, Erika, " she sobbed. "Let me do the same for you, now, please. I'm not a child any more."
"No you aren't, but you'll always be my kid sister," Erika whispered.
Reid tapped Kate on the shoulder, caught her eyes and they both slipped out into the morning light. The others remained quiet but looked sympathetic. To their right, huge cliffs towered above them and Reid realized they were almost half way up the lake. He moved back and sat by Sassy.
"When you get the north fork, go straight across," he said. There's a headland before the cabin. Pull in there and I'll take Cinders ashore and cut across to the cabin. I don't think anyone will be there but it pays to be careful."
" Right, Reid," Sassy responded.
*
Cinders proved her worth yet again when she stopped at the edge of the path near the jetty and growled. Reid glanced down and saw a thin strand of wire stretched across between two trees at waist height 
"So what have we got here?" he mumbled to Kate who had insisted on accompanying him.
With infinite care, the pair managed to trace the wire to the bough of a tree. From there it looped up over three more branches, on through the branches of three more firs and down to the ground where it connected to a junction box, along with other incoming wires. A larger single cable continued along to under the decking at the front of the cabin. 
Reid grunted, crawled under and found the cable was connected to a tiny instrument, similar in size to a cell phone.
"What is it?" Kate asked as she squatted in the confined space and brushed a spider's web out of her eyes. "Explosive?"
"No," Reid replied. "It's a radio transmitter. I guess if someone touches a wire it sends a signal telling our enemy that we've arrived home. No doubt the other wires are connected to the cabin doors, across the jetty or other places we'd walk."
"So what do we do?"
"Disconnect its battery, if we can without triggering it."
"And as soon as you touch it, a signal will be transmitted," Kate replied. "Even if you disconnect it the harm would have been done."
"Suggestions?" Reid replied.
"Jam the junction box. This instrument looks quite sophisticated but the junction box is probably just a circuit breaker that makes a contact when the wires shift. If we can wedge it open no current will pass onto this device."
Kate's theory proved correct. The junction box was homemade and it wasn't too difficult to bend back the contact arm. Reid felt in his pocket, produced a ballpoint pen and wedged it into the gap. Afterwards, he used a small jack knife to cut the incoming strands of wire.
"There may be more," he said and sent Cinders searching. However, nothing was found and everything else in the cabin or around the sunken amphibian looked untouched. 
"The place has been done over by professionals," Reid muttered after they searched the cabin. Everything has been moved and placed back in its original place. For a religious cult, these guys are amazingly resourceful. The trouble for them was, it is impossible to re-establish dust over unused objects. Everything is far too clean," He grimaced. "I have the strangest feeling incapacitating their boat won't keep them away for long. We shouldn't stay here any longer than is necessary."
"But where else is there to go?" Kate replied. "There's only the cave and that would be useless in the long term. At least we have facilities here."
*
"We can go out the way I came in," Erika suggested when everyone met in the cabin's living room half an hour later. 
"Yes, how did you get in here, Erika?" Doug asked. "I thought the only overland route was south from beyond the commune's farm and even that is really only a walking trail." 
Erika pointed to the map they'd spread out on the table. "My jeep is stuck about five kilometres north of here on the trial where I was caught. " 
" But how did you get so close?" Lorie asked
"I was devious and determined," she replied and began her story...
*
"This road leads nowhere, Ma'am," the forest ranger said and grinned at Erika who sat in the driver's seat of the old jeep. "Where were you heading?"
Erika turned on the charm and smiled. "Isn't this State Highway 20 that leads into 97? I thought I'd take the scenic route across to 97 before heading up to Canada."
"No, Ma'am," the ranger replied and scratched his cheek. "You sure went wrong. The highway is about sixteen kilometres back. Didn't you realize that when you hit the gravel? This is a dead end road. You'll need to turn around."
"Oh hell," Erika sighed. She was on the road she wanted to be on but wasn't going to tell the ranger that.
"Have you a map, Ma'am?" the ranger continued. "I can show you a loop road that'll take you across to 20. It'll save you five kilometres or so."
The ranger was very helpful but Erika was becoming increasingly frustrated. She was already running an hour late and didn't really relish sleeping the night in the jeep on a deserted forest road.
"So it's a kilometre up and to the left?" she said, after pretending to follow the instructions.
"That's it, Ma'am," the ranger grinned. "Be careful though. There are no signs. If you go straight ahead or to the right you'll end up on private forest roads that really just go in circles. Get into those and you'd be really lost," He glanced up. "I think we're in for a bit of rain too. Would you like me to follow you back to the junction?"
Erika froze. That was the last thing she wanted. However, she smiled again and leaned forward out the window so the cleavage of her breasts could be readily seen "No, you've been most helpful," she cooed. "My husband's an old jeep nut. We bought two of them from a lumber mill and I was following him home." She smiled again and looked into the ranger's eyes. "No wonder I couldn't see him in front. Anyhow, he said he'd wait at 97 for me. I guess he'll be there by now. There's no mobile phone coverage here but I guess you know that."
The whole story was a fabrication but Erika hoped, plausible.
"Okay then, Ma'am," the ranger replied and tipped his hat. "I reckon you only lost half an hour or so." He glanced at the old vehicle. "You can't beat these old army surplus jeeps, can you?"
"That's what Frank says but having half a dozen of them is getting a bit too much." She started the motor, waved and drove away..
Five minutes later she reached the junction but continued straight ahead for two kilometres. She was now in thick forest and the road ended at a chained and padlocked gate. An old faded sign read "No entrance. Private Lumber Road"
Erika stopped, pulled a massive pair of metal cutters from a toolbox behind her seat and, in a very unfeminine manner, cut the padlock chain and yanked the gate open. 
An hour later the storm arrived.
*
"That'll be the one we hit when we flew in," Kate said after Erika stopped and took a sip of coffee from her mug.
"If we'd only known you were coming," Lorie whispered. "It was our fault, you know. If Peter wasn't trying to find us he'd never have gone up that trail and found you."
"But you didn't know, Lorie so don't blame yourself for anything," Erika said.
"So what happened?" Doug cut in.
"I knew this cabin was here and had planned to make it my base," Erika continued, "I thought it would be empty after old Shelton the hermit died. He used to visit the commune on occasions to get supplies. Anyhow, I got caught in the storm and bogged down in mud. That night I did sleep in the jeep and by morning the weather was better so I continued on foot. I was just about out and ran slab bang into Peter." She sighed. "I don't know who got the biggest fright, him or me. I ran for it but never stood a chance. The rest you know. I think they were going to use me try to flush all of you out."
"But they didn't have to... " Lorie almost shouted. "Why do they do those terrible things?"
"Because I was there," Erika replied with a shrug. "Simply because I was there." 
*

CHAPTER 8
After a meal and freshen up everyone pitched together to help make the cabin as comfortable as possible. Kate accompanied by Sassy, Jennifer and Cinders went down to inspect the amphibian and also said they'd take the boat back to the boat shed. At the moment, it was tied to the jetty in sight of anybody who might come by.
Though she didn't complain, Erika looked to be in pain and only made a token protest when Reid ordered her to rest. Lorie stayed with her and talked about the gap in their lives and did what she could to make her sister comfortable. Doug's wound needed dressing and Reid was pleased to see the ugly blue inflamed section looked a more healthy red and his swollen gland had decreased in size.
"You really need more painkillers but I haven't got that many," Reid apologized. "I need to keep Erika on them for as long as possible."
"Then use them for her, Reid," Doug replied. "I can cope. Compared with yesterday, it's a hundred percent improvement."
"Yes," Reid admitted." Keep it clean and you should be okay. Like Erika, I don't think you should do too much walking today. We don't want the wound to begin bleeding again."
"But we'll need to walk out," Doug protested. "I don't trust the elders one bit. Even if they have no boat, they could walk or paddle kayaks here in a few hours."
"If we're lucky, with their alarm disconnected they won't suspect we're here and will spend their time searching for the cave," Reid replied. "We punched holes in every kayak and canoe we found. There was another smaller motorboat, too. I tossed a handful of sugar in its gasoline tank and turned on all the valves in the storage tanks. They'll have no gas."
"There's more in the commune," Doug replied. "They have gas and diesel for the tractors and couple of vehicles they use. It wouldn't surprise me if they had another boat there, too. There's a big implement shed that is fill of equipment."
"Well we can't move out today, even if we wanted to," Reid said. "You could probably make it but Erika needs time to recuperate. "
"So what do we do, Reid?" Lorie asked. She had just come down from the loft bedroom where Erika was resting and joined the conversation.
"Rest up and leave at dawn tomorrow. I think we'll be safe enough today but I wouldn't like to risk a second day here. With a little luck we could be at Erika's Jeep by mid-morning. She said it was sunk in a mud hole but between us we should be able to get it out..."
The group's conversation was interrupted when the door burst open and Kate closely followed by the girls, burst in. "An airplane's coming!" she gasped. "It's flying in low up the lake." 
 "Search and rescue?" Reid replied with excitement in his voice.
Kate frowned. "That's the trouble," she replied. "It isn't a plane they'd use. It's one of those old biplanes used for crop dusting, an Ag-Cat, I think."
"Biplane," Lorie said. "You mean it has four wings!"
"Oh hell," Doug gasped and stared at Lorie. "You remember it, too."
"Why, what's wrong?" Reid replied.
"They had one at the commune crop dusting only a few weeks back," Doug replied. "There's a strip at the back of the farm they use."
"So it could be someone from the commune? " Reid asked.
"That's what we suspected," Kate replied. "We had just put the boat away and shut the boat shed doors when we heard it. I thought it was a boat at first."
"So we stay out of sight," Reid said.
Doug nodded. "It could be a local crop dusting company searching for us."
"But we can't risk it," Kate added. "If it is innocent, the pilot will see our sunken CL-215 and report it,"
"And if not..." Jennifer whispered.
"Don't worry," Kate replied. "It's a land plane. There is nowhere near it can land..."
The sound of the airplane, like that of an old World War 2 movie of a fighter attack, suddenly howled almost directly above them. There was a tremendous roar and a bright yellow fuselage flashed over only a few meters above the firs.
"Stay away from windows," Reid directed as everyone stared at each other.
The howl retreated, changed tone and became loud again. Reid squatted by the window and gazed out. The biplane was circling high out over the lake. As he watched, it reached the top of a curve and dipped back in from the east. It screamed down so the wheels almost touched the lake surface and flew straight in; so close everyone automatically ducked and Cinders growled through her throat. At the last moment it pulled up over the jetty and cabin with blue fumes streaming from the engine exhausts.
"Well, he's seen my airplane," Kate grunted. "That's for sure."
"And it's the enemy," Doug added. "A friendly pilot would have circled, waved his wings or something. This fellow roared in trying to scare us."
"It flashed at the back," Jennifer added.
"How do you mean?" Kate asked.
"The sun flashed off something in the cockpit. Glass or something."
"Field glasses," Reid snorted. "What's the bet someone in the plane was studying the cabin using field-glasses?"
As quickly as it came, the airplane disappeared up the northern fork and Reid gazed out over the lake, deep in thought.
"Well, we remained hidden," Sassy said to break the silence.
"No," Jennifer corrected. "They know we're here. All the curtains are pulled back and the upstairs balcony door is open."
Reid grinned at the girl. 
"Why, what's wrong?" She responded. Her cheeks burned red.
"You are our thinker and observer aren't you, Jennifer?" he praised. "That was exactly what I was about to say."
"I guess," she responded modestly but her eyes reflected an inner pride. "I'm not as brave as Sassy or Lorie but like to think things out."
"She was always like that," Sassy added. "Often, we'd think of doing stupid things and Jennifer would give us a more sensible ideas."
"So what do you suggest now, Jennifer?" Kate added.
"Leave," the girl said without hesitation. "Peter and the elders will be here today, armed to the teeth and probably surround us."
"We can make it to my Jeep," a new voice interrupted and everyone glanced up to see Erika at the bottom of the stairs. "It's steep and windy but the trail either follows the river or is under firs. There is no way we can be cut off. In both directions there are steep foothills leading to the mountains."
"Will you be up to it?" Kate asked.
"Yes," Erika responded. "If Doug can do it, I can."
*
By mid-morning the seven people and their dog were well up Forbes River, as the map named the stream running into Eagle's Claw Lake, and Reid called a halt. It had been one constant climb with the river now flowing through a steep canyon far below them. The lake filled the middle background in front of two snow-covered mountains. It looked serene and empty with no boats, airplane or other signs of human habitation. Reid was weary and the zigzagging trail ahead seemed to continue its relentless climb up the steep hillside.
Doug said little about his shoulder but Reid noticed his patient grimaced in pain whenever his arm was jarred. Erika, though, was in far worse state and could barely walk. He squatted down beside the exhausted woman who had taken a sock off to expose an enormous blister on her heel. 
"I'll get you some ointment and a Band Aid," he said. She smiled up in appreciation and sighed.
"It was easier going down than up," she commented. "I'm slowing everyone down, aren't I?"
"Not really" Reid added and squeezed her shoulder. "We'll rest and have some lunch. I think the urgency is over now. Does the trail continue climbing for long?" 
"We're almost at the first summit," she puffed. "It then drops down to the river and rises again on the other side. The steepest part is over. We can make it."
Reid smiled, finished attending to Erika's blister, walked over to where Kate was leaning against a rock and plunked himself down.
"So what's Jennifer got to say about the weather?" she asked. Like everyone else Kate was wet with perspiration and her blouse just clung to her skin.
Reid grimaced. "I've no idea. I haven't talked to her. Why?"
"Clouds are building behind the mountains," Kate replied. "They're black and thick. It'll be snowing there right now. Unless I'm mistaken we've only got an hour or even less before it reaches us."
"Snow?" Reid asked.
"Probably not at this lower altitude but it'll be wet and cold, straight in from Canada." She glanced up and added, "I'll keep an eye on Erika She's just about all in."
"I know," Reid replied. "Doug is not too good, either. The three girls are fine, though. I reckon they're fitter than I am."
Kate smiled and gazed across the dip they'd stopped in. Sassy and Jennifer were lying down gazing at the sky, Doug had his free arm around Cinders who was munching a dog biscuit while Lorie had just handed her sister a flask of water. She glanced up, saw Kate looking at her, and smiled.
"Us Somervilles are tough," she called. "We'll make it."
*
The refugees were over the ridge and descending the other side towards the first river crossing when the storm stuck. Large drops the size of a fingernail plopped on the dusty trail out of an inky black sky, the sky across the lake lit up in forked lightning and, seconds later, distant thunder crackled.
That was their only warning, for seconds later the downpour arrived, straight down in the volume of a waterfall, saturating everything below. 
"Oh, my God!" Lorie gasped as she stared out from the shelter of the firs. "I'm glad we weren't caught in that lot." 
"And who wanted to keep going down the open trail?" Jennifer replied above the hiss of water hitting the ground nearby.
"Okay," Lorie replied with a pout. "You don't always have to be right, though."
"It'll pass," Kate added. "These thunderstorms in the mountains are pretty localized. "
She was wrong! Instead of the expected ten minutes, the downpour lasted forty before it slackened and was replaced by a cold breeze that lowered the temperature ten degrees. 
Reid glanced around at everyone. Between his clothes and those the girls brought from the commune, they had enough raincoats for everyone but there was a shortage of warmer garments. Spirits, though, were high and even Erika seemed more refreshed now they were on a downhill section.
Their first real hurdle came half an hour later when they arrived at the river to find a raging torrent of muddy water stretching from bank to bank without even rocks in sight,
"Well, we won't even attempt to cross that," Kate said as she glanced upstream.
On their side, the water lapped the trunks of the firs that grew from an almost vertical cliff. Across the opposite bank the scene was similar with the trail disappearing beneath more trees. Downstream, the river widened a little but again water stretched from bank to bank. The choppy surface swirled in whirlpools with broken branches and larger trunks carried along as the water surged by.
"I think we should stay here the night," Reid said. "With the river this high, nobody will be able to ford the first crossing back near the lake so we're as safe here as anywhere. I reckon we should move away from the trail though, just in case."
The others agreed and split into two groups to look for a possible campsite. There was nothing near the river but by retracing their steps for a couple of hundred meters they came to a small dip that curved back from the trail. The trees weren't too close together and a small grass section next to an area of rush-covered swamp appeared.
"That top part under the trees looks promising," Doug remarked to Lorie and Sassy, the pair with him. "It's flat, quite dry and can't be seen from the trail."
"Aye you others," Sassy yelled. "We've got a place. Over here!"
The others arrived and they all worked together to pitch Reid's one little tent and stretch out a plastic tarpaulin Reid had found at the cabin to form another crude shelter. The girls' sacks and Kate and Reid's more professional looking backpacks were unpacked and spread out. Rain had seeped into one of the sacks and some spare clothes were damp. Luckily, their supply of blankets were dry, the food was all in plastic bags or containers and in good order. As well, they had Sassy's kerosene lamp and a small gas cooker Reid had originally intended to use on overnight hiking expeditions.
"I thought there would be only Cinders and myself, not seven of us," he grinned as he lit the cooker and placed a pot of canned stew on top.
"I'm sorry your solitude was destroyed," Kate replied with a slight grin across her face.
"Don't be," Reid replied. "At the moment, I think I have far more wonderful people with me than I have met in years." He glanced around. "All of you," he added when he noticed Jennifer's eyes observing him.
She smiled and continued unpacking a pile of plastic plates from one of the bags. "If it wasn't for Lorie and later Sassy, I'd still be back at the commune getting ready for evening devotions right now," she said as if she felt a need to explain herself. "You know, I was too scared to stay but terrified about going. Now, I feel warm inside and, no matter what happens, I'm glad I came."
"Me too," Sassy replied. "If you told me a week ago I'd be sleeping one night in a cave and the next in the forest, I would have said you were crazy."
"And I was going to pull out of society with only Cinders to trust," Reid added. "I couldn't have been more wrong."
"You mean you can't trust Cinders?" Lorie laughed.
"Cheeky!" Doug chuckled and took the opportunity to place an arm around Lorie's shoulder.
She turned, smiled and reached up to squeeze his hand. "I'm so glad we're all here," she whispered.
"Oh hell," Sassy interrupted. "Come on, you lot, give us a hand to put up a clothes line under the firs. If we don't dry our clothes it's going to be a long, miserable day tomorrow."
She tossed a damp towel at Lorie and screamed as Doug intercepted it and flung it back into her face. 
Kate glanced at Reid and smiled. "They bounce back quickly, don't they?" she said.
"They do," Reid replied and, like Doug a few moments earlier with Lorie, took the opportunity to reach out and place his hands on Kate's waist.
She said nothing but moved back so her head was under his chin. He held her closer and rubbed his beard into her hair. The smell of her damp hair, skin and clothes filled his senses and Jennifer's earlier comment about being all warm inside jostled his mind.
"And Erika?" Kate whispered.
"I think she is over the worst but only time will repair the psychological wounds."
The subject of their conversation was, at the moment, stirring the stew and chatting to Jennifer while further away Cinders was hindering the others trying to erect the clothesline. 
"No!" screamed Sassy. "The rope isn't for you to chew, Cinders. It's to hang our clothes on."
She tossed the rope end to Lorie who grabbed and held it up over her head as Cinders made a massive jump to intercept the object, did a sort of backwards flip and ended up beside the pair with her tongue dripping saliva and tail thumping like a windshield wiper. 
"Cinders likes the company, too," Reid chuckled and kissed Kate's hair.
*
Reid was cold and stiff when he awoke and realized where he was. The smell of the firs was so powerful for a moment he never noticed the faint whiff hair shampoo but seconds later he heard soft breathing and felt a warm body slide under the blanket next to him. He silently cursed Cinders and opened his eyes. It was not like her to allow anyone close.
However, the fingers that touched his hands were soft and the voice determined. "If you tell a sole what is about to happen I'll deny it in the highest court in the land," Kate whispered and ran fingers down his arm.
"Oh hell, Kate," Reid whispered. "What's wrong?"
"Not a thing," she replied and grabbed his hand and held it to her opened jacket. Lips met and foreplay was forgotten as they made almost violent love.
She kissed him quietly on the lips and clung on tightly while he stroked her hair. Lips met again and he ran a finger up her cheeks to find them moist with tears.
"What's wrong, Kate?" he whispered. "Did I hurt you?"
"No, you silly man," she replied. "You ...oh hell, Reid what must you think," Kate replied, kissed his lips, slipped out of the blanket and stood up. He could hear rather than see her getting dressed, felt her wriggle into him, kiss his lips and she was gone. 
There was silence for a moment before another voice cut through the still night air. "God, Man, what have you got that I haven't?" It was Doug who had been asleep a couple of tree trunks away.
"You never heard a thing," Reid replied. "Nothing! There were only the trees in the storm. Understand?"
"Sure Reid, " Doug laughed. "Sure beats lying out here in the cold by yourself, doesn't it?"
"And don't you get any fancy ideas," Reid warned. 
"Sure, Boss," Doug replied. "See you in the morning."
"Night," Reid replied. He rolled over, lay in the silence and thought of Kate. 
*
Dawn arrived with a roar. Reid leaped in fright and apprehensive stared out beyond the trees. The Ag-Cat screamed over and headed upstream. Moments later silenced reined but everyone was awake with the harsh reality of the morning filled his mind. 
It was so cold, everyone's breath puffed out and the girls stood wide-eyed with blankets still around their shoulders.
"Come on," Reid said softly. "We'll have a hot breakfast and head on out. I'm sure the river will be down by now."
Kate walked up to him, looked in his eyes and kissed him softly on the lips.
"Hi." she said quietly and slipped away.
Lorie looked at Sassy who looked at Jennifer. 
"Did we miss something?" Lorie asked.
"Perhaps," Jennifer replied and the three girls all burst out laughing and grinned at Erika who was also smiling.
Reid turned and flushed when he realized the girls were scrutinizing him.  "Come on," he snapped. "We need to get going. You don't all need to stand around gawking."
"Right, Reid," Lorie replied. "I'll open a can and feed Cinders. She seems to be the only sane one here at the moment."
*

CHAPTER 9
Reid stared at the raging water. Sure the flattened grass and mud-strewn bank showed that the water level had gone down over the night. The river, though, was still a dirty brown with the surface water swirling in tiny whirlpools.
"It's not deep," Jennifer said, "No higher than our bottoms, I'd say. As long as we help each other, we'll be fine."
"Sure," Lorie replied but with no confidence in her voice. "We might make it but what about Erika and Doug with his sore shoulder?"
"We cross," Reid said a few moments later after all the alternatives were discussed. He glanced at Erika who stood quietly at the rear of the group. "I'll carry you on my back," he said.
"I can walk it, Reid," she replied.
"No, as your doctor, I do not want you getting a chill. It is strong medical advice."
"Listen to him," Kate added.
"And I'll help," Doug added. Though lighter than Reid, he was of similar height and towered above the women.
"And I'll help support you, too," Kate added. "We'll need some poles to help steady ourselves but if we link arms we should be stable enough."
After some scrimmaging around the river edge they found some suitable tree limbs to use. Kate tied two of the girls' sacks together and flung them around her neck like an enormous life jacket. She was also wearing her backpack and looked quite laden.
"You can't take all that across," Reid argued.
"And why not?" she replied. "You're taking Erika"
"Okay, but it you slip let them go or they'll drag you under." He turned to the girls. "Will you three be okay, together?" he asked. 
They all nodded.
"I'll leave Cinders with you. We'll take Erika across first. When we get across you three come across together. The one carrying my pack should be in the middle and one of you will need to carry the other sack. Cinders will be able to swim." He glanced at them all. "Or would you rather I came back for you?" he added.
"No, we'll be fine, Reid," Sassy replied "You just get Erika safely across."
She looked at her two friends and nodded. Even Lorie, who usually made the decisions, was contented to follow her advice while Jennifer, in her usual way, was studying the conditions.
"Go downstream fifty meters, Reid," she suggested. "It's wider there but not as swift or deep."
Reid nodded with a smile and turned to the others. "Well, shall we go?"
He crouched down; Erika climbed on his back and clasped his shoulders. Doug stood beside the pair and placed his good arm across Reid's waist under Erika's posterior. Kate stepped in the other side, linked her own arm into Doug's and seized a pole with her free hand.
After a couple of remarks and a light-hearted comment by Doug, they stepped into the freezing river. Water seized their legs and attempted to drag them away. Brown foam ripped at their knees and splashed higher. 
"Slowly," advised Reid.
Kate nodded; felt forward with the pole, found a secure hold and, in unison, the three stepped forward while Erika acted as a sort of navigator from her higher position. Five minutes later, they were half way across; the water was up to the hem of Kate's shorts but the current here seemed less severe.
However, a moment later, Doug staggered and lurched sideways. He recovered but his body jostled the others. Kate staggered, used the pole to steady herself and grasped Doug's arm tighter. The bags around her neck pulled and her fingers slipped. They were, though, still linked with Doug's and the grip held. Erika attempted to help by boosting herself up higher on Reid's back while he stopped mid-stride and steadied himself. Together, the four managed to maintain their position while water sloshed around with tiny waves building up on their upstream side.
"Sorry, my foot hit a loose rock," Doug muttered.
"All okay?" Reid asked.
"I think so," Kate replied.
"Okay," Reid acknowledged. "We're almost there."
They stepped out again, more cautious but also optimistic. The water became shallower and suddenly, they were there, on the opposite bank. Erika slipped off Reid's back, gave him a hug and helped Kate unload the gear she carried.
"My God, you must be frozen," she whispered.
Kate was wet to the buttocks and even the two men had saturated legs and shorts where the water had splashed up. The sacks and backpack, however, were dry and everyone had a satisfied look.
*
The three girls across the river glanced at each other. Jennifer, who was the tallest hitched Reid's backpack on and grinned at the other two. "Right," she said softly. "Shall we go?"
Lorie and Sassy both nodded while Cinders looked up at them, then across the river at Reid.
"Go Girl!" Sassy cried.
Cinders' tail wagged; she gave a tiny yelp and plunged into the water. She disappeared beneath the current, came out and with a strong dog paddle headed across. It took her less than a third of the time of her master to complete the crossing but, in that time, was swept sixty or more meters downstream. Once ashore, she ran out, shook herself wildly so water sprayed everywhere and ran straight up to Reid for a well-deserved cuddle and pat.
"Us now," Sassy said nervously and rolled her commune skirt up under her panties.
She stepped in beside Jennifer, linked arms behind her back to Lorie who had the last sack slung around her neck. Sassy swallowed and gripped a long pole with her free hand.
They were off. Sassy found herself on the downstream side of the trio and noticed that Lorie had most of the current splashing up as high as the shorts she was wearing. Jennifer, like herself had rolled up her skirt but so far it remained dry.
"On step at a time," Jennifer said.
The current was stronger than Sassy anticipated and so cold she was sure her toes had begun to freeze. She fixed her eyes firmly ahead to where the foursome and Cinders stood watching and encouraging them. The distant voices, though, couldn't be distinguished above the roar of water but knowing they were there, helped.
When they were a dozen steps from shore the water deepened and Sassy found the stones beneath her feet slippery. Water swirled around their legs like an enemy trying to rip her away.
One more step and another! They were almost half way and not far from where Doug staggered when it happened!
From upstream, there came a screaming howl of a high revving piston engine and the Ag-Cat appeared. Four wings, the fixed undercarriage and yellow tipped propeller seemed to head straight for them. The howling motor silenced Lories scream as, in those few seconds, the airplane dipped and plunged at them. The wheels missed their heads by several meters but, to Sassy, it was sheer terror. She gripped both Jennifer and the pole as the downdraft, shrieking engine and now the stench of hot exhaust fumes engulfed her.
Her body toppled forward in an over-reaction and she stepped back.
The Ag-Cat disappeared but so did the others. Sassy found herself falling, she dropped and freezing water seized her. She was tossed away, stones scraped across her legs and an elbow bashed into a rock.
Water poured into her mouth and she spluttered but it did not go away. Thoughts flooded her mind. She was beneath the surface and couldn't breathe!
Panic seized her. She lashed out but all around was dirty foamy water. Water ran in her mouth, her eyes, and her nose. It was so cold and her clothes clung into her skin. Her lungs sent out a spasm of pain and her head hit something solid, so hard she saw stars, bright white stars like sparks. Black blotches appeared and replaced the sparks.
The brown became blue. Her head was out of the water. She coughed, spluttered and sucked in air before being dragged beneath the surface again. More stones banged her body and limbs. She fought to grip something but it was too difficult. Again, she panicked and her chest felt as if it would burst.
But her extended hand felt something sharp. A rock! She gripped it and, in doing so, halted her tumbling thrust down the raging torrent. Her arm ached, it pulled at her socket but she held on. Her clothes looked funny and she noticed her skirt, still stuck in her panties, had ballooned out and seemed to hold her up. Water splashed by her mouth but she sensed she had stopped moving. Her arm ached, a spasm of pain shot from it and she almost let go.
But didn't!
Thoughts became rational and she knew that if she put her legs down she would be able to stand up. The water wasn't over head height.
Sassy rolled slightly and reached forward with her other hand to grip the sharp rock. It cut into her hands but the rough surface could be held. Slowly now, while still coughing and attempting to spit away horrible tasting water, she lowered her feet and managed to stand.
Only then did she focus on the shore and realized it was only meters away. A fir tree limb was above her and a long black haired body rubbed beside her. A rough tongue licked her face. It was Cinders!
My God, Cinders was with her!
But there wasn't only the dog. Massive arms seized and held her so tightly it hurt. A drenched bearded face appeared from out of the water, centimetres from her eyes.
"We're here, Sassy," Reid gasped. "You're fine, Lass. I've got you."
Helping hands hauled Sassy to the bank where she collapsed onto the grass and went into a coughing fit. A towel was tucked around her neck and someone held her close. Only then, did Sassy react. Her whole body started to shiver, face turned pale and her lungs heaved as if they were still trying to suck in enough air and her stomach turned queasy.
"You're okay now, Sassy," Kate, the person holding her, soothed. "Just relax and take slow breaths."
Suddenly, another though rushed into her mind. "Lorie and Jennifer," she sobbed. "Where are they?"
"We're here and both fine," Lorie replied. "Doug plunged in and hauled us ashore while Reid went after you."
"My God, you should have seen him go," Jennifer added. "He plunged in like an Olympic diver and Cinders followed."
"Thank you "Sassy spluttered. "And the plane?"
"It's still out there, somewhere," Kate answered. "I think it's circling around.
"Yeah and I hope the bastard runs into the mountain," Lorie spat.
They all stopped and listened. The roar of the airplane could be heard downstream but appeared to be going away. Within a minute the roar became a rumble and afterwards, only the gurgling of the river could be heard.
"Come on," Reid said. "We're all wet and cold. I think we should all change into something dry and have a hot drink."
Sassy glanced around and smiled. The men were as saturated as she was and the others were a little better. Even Cinders looked like a half-drowned rat as she stood with her brown eyes wide and her tail lashing.
"No Cinders," she laughed. "We didn't do it all for your entertainment." She turned and became serious. "Thank you, Reid," she said "Thank you everyone. You are real friends and I love you all." She wiped her eyes, hugged everyone in turn and crouched down to grab Cinders in her arms. "And you came to help, too, didn't you, Girl."
"Yes, and she is becoming utterly spoiled," Reid laughed.
*
Half an hour later they were all in dry clothes and on their way up the next hill, this one less steep and everyone was in good spirits except Erika who became silent and dropped to the rear. Kate noticed and waited for her to catch up.
"Do you want to rest, Erika?" she asked in a concerned voice.
"No, I'm okay. I was just thinking about everything. That's all."
"Is there anyone out there waiting for you?" Kate pressed. "I mean back in Spokane."
"Nobody," Erika whispered. "When I left the commune I found the outside life so difficult I..." She shrugged. "I went wild I guess. The guys I was with were the wrong sort."
"How do you mean?"
"Oh, you know, all very nice until I went to bed with them then they either began trying to boss me around or moved on. I thought Gary, the last guy I was with, was different, but he wasn't." She sighed. "Actually, we had a terrible row when I told him I wanted to get Lorie away from the commune. He just screamed he didn't want any kid sister around and things went from bad to worse."
"So you're homeless?"
"No," Erika replied. "That was half the trouble with Gary. He was living in my house and didn't like the idea of sharing it with Lorie. It was lucky I never married him, I guess. When I left the commune, Mom told me to visit her lawyer in Spokane but wouldn't elaborate. He told me she owned a house in Spokane and had put it in Lorie's and my name five years earlier. That was unusual as the commune members are expected to turn everything they own over to the Elf Trust." She glanced at Kate.  "The lawyer said it originally belonged to my grandparents."
"It sounds great," Kate replied. 
"The trouble is Peter is not going to let us just drive out.
"What do you mean, Erika?" Kate responded. 
 Erika glanced across at her companion. "Peter Littlejohn is a fanatic, Kate. He is not about to give up trying to stop us. He has too much to lose. The pilot would have also seen my Jeep. My bet is they'll be coming in from the other side to cut us off. Even if we get to the Jeep there's several kilometres of forest roads before we get to that back road where I met the ranger, then another half a dozen kilometres to the highway."
"So we keep an eye out," Kate responded. "I'll go and talk to Reid."
She moved forward ahead of the group to find Reid a couple of hundred meters ahead at a top curve surveying the valley below with the field glasses. Ahead, the trail could be seen come out far below beside the river. 
"Oh, hi Kate," he said. "The trail looks wider down there. I guess that is the beginning of the road Erika attempted to drive along. "
"She reckons Peter will have someone there to cut us off and probably a group coming up behind. Several fit men can go at twice our speed. Our two wounded are doing extremely well but I don't like to press them too much. Erika must be in constant pain. Her bruised legs are quite swollen. Doug's wound is better but still mighty tender. The plunge in the river wouldn't have done it any good. And now poor Sassy is putting on a brave front but she had a terrible fright. So what do we do, Reid?"
She glanced back and saw the others had caught up and were gathered in a semicircle around them. 
Reid squatted down and took the crumpled map from his back pocket.  It was a large-scale topographical map and showed the area in minute detail. He laid the paper on the ground and placed two small stones on the top corners to stop it curling up in the breeze.
"We're here," he said and pointed to the spot on the map. "The difficult part is over. It's downhill then along that old dirt road. Right Erika?" He glanced up.
"Yes," Erika replied and also squatted down. She studied the map for a moment before pointing to a windy logging trail in the top corner. "The Jeep would be here."
"About four kilometres to go," Reid muttered. He scratched his beard, deep in thought. "Why don't we go straight down through the forest?"
"We'll get lost," Kate replied. "Once we get in the trees we won't even be able to see the sun and could end up walking in circles."
"It's downhill," Jennifer interrupted. "As long as we continue down we must come out at the river."
"But there could be cliffs," Lorie suggested.
"No," Reid replied. "They'd be marked on the map. The contour lines aren't too close together either."
"Meaning?" Jennifer asked.
"The steeper the land the closer the lines. This section is no steeper than the big hill we climbed yesterday." Reid grinned. "I've got a compass, too so as long as we take our bearings we should be okay." He turned to Erika. "Do you think you can manage," he said. "There may be difficult parts."
"I'll manage," she replied in a determined tone. "This trail is far too exposed."
*
The journey down through the forest was difficult and nerve racking. As Kate remarked to Reid, everything looked the same, the ground was quite bare but the dead needles everywhere were slippery on the steep slope. There were ridges to climb down and low boughs from the trees to avoid. On the positive side, the temperature was moderate and they were completely hidden from the meandering Ag-Cat that was heard twice during their descent.
It was mid-afternoon when he called a halt. They were on rolling but mainly level ground and, if Reid's calculations were correct, close to the river and half a kilometre from the Jeep.
"I want to scout ahead and see if any commune thugs are here," he said. "We'll walk out as far as the road but keep out of sight. Everyone can rest up while I explore."
"Not by yourself, you don't," Kate snapped.
"I want you to stay with the group," Reid said and stared, unblinking, at her. Their eyes held for a moment before she ran a tongue over her top lip and nodded.
 Lorie glanced at Doug who shrugged, Erika obviously wasn't in condition to help and Sassy appeared hesitant. 
"I'll come, Reid," Jennifer said. "And why not?" she snapped when the other girls looked at her in surprise. "I'm as fit as anyone."
"Good on you. We'll take the smaller pack with a few essentials." Reid replied before anyone else could comment. He opened his own pack and extracted a handgun. "I hate these things but it may be necessary. Have you used one, Jennifer?"
"No," she whispered nervously.
"I'll show you the basics but we won't go firing any shots off here. Is there anything else?"
"What do we do if you don't return?" Kate said in almost a whisper. Again, her eyes held his.
"Okay," Reid sighed and reached out for her hand. "Let's sit down and discuss every possibility. I think that is fair on everyone. We've got this far by being cautious. I don't think anything will go wrong now, but it may."
They all nodded and sat down around the map. Everyone had input and all suggestions were considered. Disagreements were few and mainly came from Kate who didn't want Reid to do anything risky, or cautions from Erika about how to act if any contact was made with anyone from the commune.
"Don't trust them for a second," she said in a quiet voice. "Hesitate once and they'll be all over you." She stared at Jennifer. "We have a conscience. They don't! Remember that, won't you?"
"I will," Jennifer replied with sheer determination replacing the earlier nervousness.
"And we'll leave Cinders with you," Reid proclaimed and held his hand up when Kate opened her mouth to speak. "That's final!"
"Okay, Reid," Kate replied but looked worried.
*
Every caution they took was necessary as Reid and Jennifer slunk through the fir trees beside the logging trail. They were on a gentle slope and took the uphill side above a small cutting. At the bend they stopped, crouched and peered around to an empty road and another bend.
"Right," Reid whispered and they moved forward to repeat the process at the next bend.
This time, though, it was different. The old khaki Jeep sat in the middle of the road with its inside back wheels sunk down to the axle and front hood tilted up about thirty degrees. The pair's eyes moved around and Jennifer grabbed Reid's arm.
"Sniff," she whispered.
He did. The air was scented with firs that made one think of Christmas. There was a tang of damp earth and, yes, one more smell. Reid frowned and sniffed again.
Though nothing was visible there was a distinct smell of marijuana smoke in the air. 
"Hypocrites," Jennifer hissed.
 "Why?" Reid whispered back.
"At the commune all tobacco, alcohol and drugs are banned. They are an evil habit created by the devil to warp our minds and numb our souls," she muttered as if the passage was embedded in her mind. "The Oracles Chapter 6, clause 49," she added to confirm Reid's suspicions, "but we don't need that anymore do we?"
Reid grinned and squeezed her shoulder.
"They're there," Jennifer hissed. "See!"
Reid couldn't see anything remotely like a person. He squinted and then followed Jennifer's gaze. On the far side of the Jeep was a tiny semicircle of hair. Someone was on that side. The hair moved and a man appeared beside the hood. He took a couple of puffs on the cigarette he was smoking, flicked it away and stared directly at them.
Jennifer gave a silent gasp and held her mouth with her hand while Reid remained frozen to the spot.
"I'm going for a leak," the man said and another voice from inside the Jeep replied. So there were at least two men!  
He stood, holding a powerful looking automatic rifle and walked up the trail in their direction, then across to the downwards side of the road and disappeared in the firs.
Reid nodded and indicated Jennifer should follow. Again the girl looked determined and gave a faint nod. Reid slipped off the backpack, took out the handgun and crept forward.
A moment later they were back around the bend where they slipped across the road and moved towards the man's position. He was there, urinating against a tree trunk. Jennifer flushed and hesitated. Reid clicked the handgun's safety catch off and crept forward until he reached the man.
"Just let the rifle drop to the ground and place your arms wide, he hissed.
The reaction was instant "What the hell!" came the response. The man swung around and saw the handgun pointing at him. He next saw Reid, then Jennifer and hastily pulled up his zipper.
"Your rifle!" Reid hissed.
"Hello Abraham," Jennifer added in a grim whisper. "Waiting for us, were you?"
Abraham's eyes were that of utter contempt but he lowered the rifle and spread his hands out with the fingers wide.
"How many are there here?" Reid spat.
"Only me," Abraham grunted. His eyes stayed on Jennifer.
"Lies," the girl replied. "Who's in the Jeep?"
Her voice was so cold even Reid glanced at her in astonishment. Abraham shrugged but licked his lips in apprehension.
"Daniel," he finally said.
"And where's James?" Jennifer hissed. "You three are always together."
"Gone back to the lumber yard in our wagon," he muttered. Again eyes never strayed from the girl.
Reid nodded. It seemed feasible as no other vehicle was around. Damn, he should have looked for tire marks but it was too late now.
"Kick the rifle this way but do it slowly," Reid said.
Abraham nodded and placed a heavy boot by the rifle and pushed, rather than kicked it forward so it only moved a meter or so.
Reid grunted handed the handgun to Jennifer and said. "Remember Erika's words and squeeze the trigger, don't pull it."
"What do you mean?" Abraham suddenly retorted. A flash of fear crossed his eyes. "Don't give her the gun."
Reid scowled and watched the pair. Something he didn't understand was going on. He moved sideways so he didn't hinder Jennifer's line of sight and prepared to reach forward for the rifle, again without taking an eye off the enemy. 
*

CHAPTER 10
The counter attack was expected but still came so quickly that Reid almost failed to move away in time when a massive boot kicked out. It would have hit his head if he had reached for the rifle. Instead it hit nothing; Abraham propelled himself forward with a growl akin to a savage grizzly bear and was almost upon Jennifer when she fired.
Again everything was instantaneous. The man was hurled back, screamed and the report vibrated through the forest. Reid grabbed the rifle, gave Jennifer a quick nod and tore out to the road where Daniel had just leapt from the Jeep. Reid, though, had the rifle in his hand ready and aimed.
"I wouldn't!" he snarled as the man began to raise a second weapon. "Drop it!"
Without warning, the handgun fired from behind and another scream filled the air.
Jennifer appeared with her face like chalk and the handgun still in her hand. "He rushed me," she said. "If I'd hesitated he'd have got me. I think he's dead." 
"Cover this guy," Reid spat. "If he moves, shoot!"
The girl nodded and raised her weapon with both hands, just as Reid had taught her a mere half-hour before. There was no quiver, no remorse but ice-cold determination of a desperate young woman who was not about to lose her freedom. 
Abraham wasn't dead but moaning and lying on the ground in a pool of blood. One arm appeared limp while blood squirted out from his stomach. He was trying to hold it with his one good hand.
"The bitch shot me," he gasped.
"Twice," Reid replied without sympathy. "Lie still and I'll come and patch you up soon."
Reid went back to the road where Jennifer waited with her handgun still aimed at second man. "I'll take over," he said. He reached across, gently took the gun from her hands, clicked the safety catch on and put it in his shorts pocket. "Go back and get the others."
"Abraham was the one who beat and raped Erika," Jennifer said in a monotone. "He is well known for his sadistic treatment of the women at the commune and is in charge of discipline." She glanced up. "Daniel is just as bad."
Reid studied the man by the Jeep. He looked bearded, about forty but not as ruthless as Abraham. "Okay, Daniel," he said. "Move to the front of the Jeep, undo your trousers real slowly and lower them to your ankles. Then turn and place both hands on the Jeep's bonnet."
"Sure mister," Daniel replied and began unbuckling his belt. He looked worried.
Cinders arrived first, followed by Kate who ran up the road, stumbled, caught herself and continued on into Reid's arms. "When I heard the shots I thought it was you," she cried, plastered him with kisses and almost knocked the rifle from his grasp.
Reid kissed her on the forehead, held her close but kept Daniel in his vision. "Don't even think of moving," he hissed at the man.
Meanwhile, the others appeared and soon Daniel was searched, escorted over the road and made to sit with his back against a tree trunk. "Guard him, Cinders," Reid ordered.
The dog stared up at her master, sat on her haunches and bared her teeth at Daniel. A low rumble came from her throat.
"I wouldn't move if I was you," Reid warned and returned to where the others were inspecting a moaning Abraham.
Erika just stood and stared down at the wounded man. "It's a pity, Jennifer's aim wasn't lower," she stated, her voice if anything, colder than the girl's had been. "If it was up to me I'd let you lie here and bleed to death. It's about what you deserve."
She brushed a hand down her hair, turned and walked back to the road. "I'll watch Daniel," she said.
"And I'll slip up to the next corner and keep an eye out in case anyone else arrives." Doug added.
"Listen for that Ag-Cat, too," Reid advised and walked through to examine Abraham.
One bullet had gone clean though his upper arm but the second made an ugly stomach wound. "You'll need hospital treatment," Reid said as he bound the man's stomach.
"The disciples don't believe in it." Lorie said quietly and held the man's dark stare. "But, of course you don't smoke pot either do you, Abraham?" 
"Bitch!" the man hissed between the gasps as Reid pulled the bandage perhaps a little too tight.
"Shouldn't it be, 'Bless you, My Daughter?" Sassy added sarcastically. "For a man of God you have a lot of the devil in you, Abraham. Perhaps you need to attend one of Peter's re-education courses."
"Piss off," Abraham retorted with his eyes like venom.
"Gladly," Sassy replied, gave Reid a slight grin and disappeared back up to the Jeep.
She found Jennifer sitting on a grassy knob and plunked down beside her. "You did well, Jennifer," she said.
"I was terrified," the taller girl confessed. "I've never fired a gun before. When I hit him he just snarled like and animal then the second time, he lunged at me. If I'd hesitated..." Her face was still white and her hands now shook. "I just spewed in the grass over there" she whispered.
"So what? Sassy replied. "I'm proud of you, Jennifer. We all are. I don't think I could have done it."
"You would have, just the same as you survived when you slipped during the river crossing," Jennifer added. "When it came to the crunch, I'm sure any of us would. I just happened to be the one here at that moment."
"Possibly but I'm still proud to call you my friend."
"Thanks, Sassy. I appreciate that since it was me who was too scared to follow Lorie out to the plane."
"And if we'd all gone, we wouldn't have Doug with us, now, would we?"
"No, I suppose not," Jennifer replied and broke into a smile. "So everything is working out, isn't it?"
"Yes," Sassy replied. "It is."
 While the fit members of the group tried to free the Jeep, Erika and Doug kept the two prisoners under surveillance. Abraham just sat looking miserable but Daniel seemed to have gained some of his confidence and kept making abusive almost arrogant comments to irk the pair.
"So Baby Boy has to hide behind all the ladies' skirts, does he?" he snickered at Doug. 
Doug flushed and it was obvious the jaunting was having an affect. That was until Erika took the matter into her own hands and very deliberately moved a cartridge into the chamber of the rifle she was holding.
"Doug, here has more courage than you cowardly animals any day," she snapped.
"So he can't even defend himself," Daniel sneered. "We're going to have fun with you girls when you're all caught. You'll never get the Jeep out so it's only a matter of time." He grinned. "Your little sister has got quite a figure hasn't she?"
His next words, though, were interrupted when the rifle fired and dust beside the man showered into his face. He sprang up but stopped dead still when he saw the rifle aimed directly at him.
"Nobody will touch Lorie, Sassy, Jennifer or myself, " Erika hissed. "If you think I'll just stand here and let you thugs capture us, think again Daniel. If any of them come close, you'll get the first bullet. I have nothing to lose."
"Oh come now... " Daniel taunted but his words turned to a howl as the rifle fired again and he stared, horrified at his hand what was a squirting blood from the bullet hole that had gone right through and embedded itself in the bank behind.
"My father taught me how to aim when I was a child," Erika said in a whisper. " 'Erika, never hold a gun unless you are prepared to use it,' Daddy always said to me."
Daniel's face turned ashen as he stared again at his maimed hand. "You bitch," he gritted as his face contorted in pain.
"The next one will be lower," Erika added and turned as the others rushed in to see why the rifle had fired.
"Is everything okay?" Reid immediately sized the situation up and turned to Erika. "Did he attempt an attack?" he asked
"Only threats," she replied. "If he thinks he can abuse the girls, I'll kill the bastard," she added. "Nobody is going to hurt them."
"The bitch just up and shot me," Daniel screamed.
Reid turned to Doug who looked quite shaken. "What was it all about, Doug?" he asked.
"Daniel threaten to screw Lorie and the others when we are caught again," Doug replied. "I have no doubt that is exactly what he would do if we are captured."
"She's a maniac!" the injured man howled again and turned to his companion who was leaning against the bank a few meters away with a quiet smirk on his face. "Tell them in graphic detail what we'll do with the little bitches when we're back at the commune?"
"And risk another bullet in me. No way pal," Abraham replied. "I'd take Erika seriously, if I was you."
Reid glowered at the pair before turning back to Erika. "These semi-automatic rifles have a very fine trigger, don't they?" he said quietly.
"What do you mean?" Doug screamed again and grimaced with pain as blood continued to pour from his wound. "It was deliberate. She purposely shot me in the hand..."
"I'll get my medical kit," Reid added and turned back to Erika. "You don't mind continuing to guard them do you?"
Erika's eyes met Reid's. "I don't mind, Reid," she replied. "I think we have the situation under control."
It was Kate who intercepted Reid in the trees as he pulled the medical kit from his backpack. "Is it wise leaving Erika with the rifle?" she asked.
"In ordinary circumstances I'd say no," he admitted, "Here though, I can think of nobody better."
"If she kills them we'll all be accomplices," she argued. 
"Oh, if she was going to kill them she'd have done it by now," Reid replied. "Only those two don't realize that so won't try anything, will they?"
"Not if they're filled with bullet holes," Kate snapped. Her eyes flashed for a second before she relented. "Okay, Reid," she added in a quiet voice. "I guess the tension is getting to me, that's all."
"I know," Reid replied. "I was thinking about the Jeep. All we've managed to do is to get it stuck further in the mud. Perhaps we're going about it the wrong way."
"Okay," Kate said and appeared relieved the topic was changed. "What do we do?"
"Ask Jennifer," Reid replied with a grin. "It is her idea."
So while Reid went to patch Denial's hand Kate went back to the Jeep. It was still firmly stuck with mud half way up the wheels and splattered debris everywhere that they'd tried to place in front of and behind the vehicle.
"So what do we do?" Kate asked Jennifer. "Reid said you had a good idea."
"Well," the girl replied. "We've tried going forward and reversing but the wheels just spin. The ditch we dug to drain off water is working but there is still be plenty of mud left."
"So?" Sassy interrupted.
"Go down the side bank," Jennifer said. "I had a look and there is just wet grass there, not mud. If the Jeep hits the grass at least one of the four wheels should be able to grip and that is all it needs."
"But it may roll," Kate warned. "The slope is quite steep."
"We have seat belts and a roll bar," Jennifer added. As long as everyone pushing stays above the Jeep, nobody will get hurt and the driver should be okay. Even if it rolls it will only go a few meters and be stopped by those firs." She nodded at the fir trees about twenty paces down the outside slope. "Even if that happens, we'd be no worse off that we are now."
Reid returned and another small argument began. He insisted on driving but Kate pointed out his strength was needed to push, none of the girls could drive so she was the only one left.
"Okay," Reid uttered, "but make sure your seat belt is tight. If the wheels grip just keep going. Okay."
Kate nodded, sat in the driver's seat and started the engine. Reid and the three girls grabbed the inside rear section and, on his signal, pushed as Kate let out the clutch. The tires again spun and mud arched up from all four wheels to splatter the chassis and pushers behind. This time, though. Kate steered towards the slope and kept the wheels moving just above idling speed.
The wheels still spun but the vehicle didn't sink like on the previous two efforts. The Jeep jerked; Reid shouted and attempted to lift the rear corner. The girls followed his lead, grabbed the rear and lifted instead of pushed. The old vehicle was solid and heavy but they did something right.
There was another shudder and the Jeep slithered sideways before the right front wheel found solid ground to grip. The vehicle plunged ahead but was on full right lock so turned in a semicircle and bolted, like a runaway horse, down the slope. Kate, all eyes and jutting chin, held the steering wheel and just touched the accelerator a fraction. She was in low ratio, four-wheel-drive so extra acceleration wasn't needed. The vehicle toppled dangerously, slithered right around so the rear was now faced the trees below and the nose pointed back up to the trail.
Kate held on with grim determination and steered into the slide until motion in that direction ceased and the Jeep stopped bouncing like an untrained mustang. She moved her foot off the accelerator and depressed the clutch to disengage the engine. The Jeep stopped and would have rolled back down the slope but Kate realized her mistake and, with teeth firmly embedded beneath her teeth, engaged gear and accelerated. There was a howl from the engine, a cloud of black smoke belched out the exhaust pipe but all four wheels gripped and propelled the Jeep up the bank. It hit a small mound by the road, bounced, tires spun for a second, gripped and propelled everything forward.
Kate maintained control, though, and drove the Jeep sedately along the trail a dozen meters and stopped!
Sassy reached her first, all smiles and laughs. "That was some driving, Kate," she laughed. "Do you know the old girl just about did a flip?"
"Did it?" Kate gasped. She smiled and wiped perspiring hands down her shorts as the other three appeared.
"Keep the engine going, Kate," Reid suggested. "You girls get all our gear and toss it in. It's going to be a tight fit but we have our wheels." 
He gathering up the two backpacks and strapping them on the tiny roof rack. The tent and sacks went in the rear and Reid gazed at the muddy girls grinning at him.
"I'll sit in the front with Kate but will need one of you on my knees. The rest can squeeze in the back."
"I will," Sassy, the smallest by a whisker offered and smiled. "That's if Kate doesn't mind."
Kate studied the girl. She was covered in mud with even her hair and face plastered. "Just this time," she replied in a deadpan voice. "Try to keep your grubby hands off the upholstery."
"I'll get the others," Reid chuckled and walked around the bend to where the prisoners were being guarded.
"Erika, Doug," he said quietly. "You're needed up at the Jeep."
"So you never got it out?" Abraham snorted. 
"Yeah," Daniel added. "You've got nowhere to go." He almost grinned but stopped when Erika's cold eyes rested on him.
"Guard them, Cinders!" Reid ordered.
He ignored the men and followed his friends back. Someone had already thrown the men's backpacks out on the bank and, except for Sassy standing by the Jeep, they were all crammed in waiting.
"Right," Reid said, curled his legs in the passenger's seat and grunted as Sassy crawled in on top.
"Ready?" Kate whispered.
"Almost," Reid replied, stuck his head out the window and gave an ear-splitting whistle.
Cinders appeared around the bend at full speed and didn't even slow as she jumped into the back where Lorie grabbed her and Jennifer slammed the door. Kate had one quick glance around to see everyone was there and engaged gear. There was a shudder, another cloud of exhaust smoke belched from the worn engine and they moved forward, one overloaded Jeep filled with refugees heading down the deserted logging road.
*
Initial chatter turned to silence as Kate concentrated on the driving and the others immersed themselves in their own thoughts. It was now late afternoon and probably only an hour from dusk.
The dirt road was windy and slippery with surface water filling the dips and mud everywhere else. However, the Jeep coped and headed down through a valley of almost black forest before ascending up a saddle. After a twenty-minute climb they reached the summit and Kate pulled off onto a small grass area. There was another valley ahead surrounded by forested hills cut by the zigzagging road.
"You can drive now, Reid," she said. "That was harder than flying the CL-215
"Okay," he replied. "My knees are numb with this massive weight they have to carry."
Sassy grinned, hit his shoulder and clamoured out to meet Cinders and the others already on the grass stretching cramped limbs. 
"There's trouble ahead," Reid snorted a moment later.
All eyes turned to where he was studying the road in the valley with his field glasses. Way in the distance a vehicle was approaching.
 "James!" Erika hissed. "He'll be coming back to pick the others up."
"Yes, sooner than I would have liked," Reid grunted
"So we hold him up," Lorie added. "We've got the rifle and outnumber him"
"I'd rather hide and let him go by," Reid replied.
"But where?" Kate added. "The verges are too steep. If we drive off the road we'd never get up again. There's nowhere in the last couple of kilometres where vehicles could pass, let alone hide. This is the first wide spot."
"So we keep going," Reid said. "It'll be a good twenty minutes before that vehicle gets to us. We may find a spot. If not, we'll be ready for him. We have the advantage that he will not be expecting anyone. Remember, there's no mobile phone coverage here."
Five minutes later they were between fir trees but a firebreak had been left on each side with a broad grass strip. The steep downward slope had levelled and the road was quite exposed.
"There!" Sassy yelled as she bent down so she could see through the top of the windshield.
Reid slowed to a crawl and glanced out his window. Off the road were a cluster of rocks poking up above grass and thistles.
"It'll do fine," Reid replied. "Not perfect but far better than I expected."
He stopped the Jeep, jumped out and walked ahead for a way before returning. "It's feels solid, too but I think if everyone gets out it'll be better."
The Jeep's tires made an obvious trail of flattened grass and the vehicle was only partially hidden when Reid drove behind the outcrop. All they could hope for was that the driver approaching would be concentrating on the road ahead and not see them. It was a risk but better than an open confrontation.
They all lay on the damp grass or crouched behind the Jeep and waited. Reid had the rifle and Kate, his handgun, just in case.
The wait was short. Less than five minutes later, there was the growl of an engine and a large Toyota Landcruiser appeared. It was travelling slowly but there was no sign that it was about to stop.
Reid caught Kate's eyes for a second before he turned and studied the Landcruiser. There appeared to be only the driver aboard. It came closer until it was abreast of them but there was no braking or gear change as it went by the flattened grass. Nothing happened! The Landcruiser continued and a moment later, disappeared behind the firs.
"All aboard!" Reid said with a broad smile on his face. "Next stop, Spokane."
*

CHAPTER 11
"Home," Erika said and pulled the Jeep she had driven for the last fifty kilometres up the service lane and turned into the tiny back yard as security lights switched on. Ahead was a tall wooden house with a large veranda and outside steps leading down from an upstairs balcony. When the stiff and exhausted seven walked in they gazed around the modern open plan kitchen with conflicting emotions. The three girls looked bewildered and Lorie gasped her sister's hands.
"And this was Grandpop's place," she said. "Oh my God. I never dreamed there was a glorious house like this that belonged to our family."
"It's half yours, Lorie," Erika replied. "That's what Mom wanted."
Sassy stared at Jennifer and also seemed to be awe. "Is that the television, Erika," she asked and nodded at a corner screen.
"No that's my computer," Erika replied. "The television is in the living room next door. Do you want to see some?  We have proper stations here, not just those religious video tapes like at the commune."
"Can we?" the girls cried, almost simultaneously.
"Why don't you three have first showers?  I never turned the hot water off so there will be plenty of it. There are two showers, one upstairs and one along the corridor. There's also a bath if you'd like one."
"I'll get our sacks," Lorie yelled in excitement and ran out to the Jeep while Erika went to find some towels for them to use.
Kate, though, was quieter while the two men looked almost miserable.
"You can all stay," Erika said when she walked back in the room holding an armful of towels.
"No, I'd better go home to my apartment," Kate said quietly. "I'll need to get to the airport tomorrow. There's plenty that needs to be sorted."
"Yeah, and I can't encroach," Reid said. "There's a motel downtown that doesn't mind pets. I stayed there for three nights last week. If you let me borrow the phone I give them a call."
"And I suppose you're going to walk out, too?" Erika replied abruptly and stared at Doug.
Doug sighed. "I guess," he mumbled and glanced at the floor.
Erika placed the towels on the table, walked across and grabbed his hand. "You are going nowhere, Doug," she said. "There are four bedrooms here so you can stay."
"But I have nothing," Doug replied. "No money and not even any clothes. I can't just live off you, especially since you have Lorie and the other two girls. It's fair on nobody."
Reid turned to Doug. "Listen to her, Lad," he said. "It won't be easy but you're wanted here. We can check out the situation with State Welfare tomorrow. There must be emergency benefits to help the four of you from the commune."
"There is," Erika added. "I was helped when I came out."
"And who are you to talk?" Kate said in a hurt whisper. Her eyes turned to face the tall bearded man.
"What do you mean?" Reid replied.
"You said a moment ago you were going to a guest house then tell Doug to stay here. Doesn't that seem odd?"
"I have no place in Spokane," Reid replied quietly. "Remember, the cabin at Eagle's Claw Lake was going to be my home."
"And you're too proud to let us help you, too. You tell Doug one thing yet you act just as stubbornly yourself."
"I..." stumbled Reid. "It's just that, I thought..."
"Oh God, Reid" Kate snapped. "Do I have to spell it out to you?"
"What?"
"I have an apartment about two kilometres away, I live by myself and I'm inviting you to share it." She turned to Doug. "You, too Doug if you want to come."
Doug smiled and glanced at Reid who looked completely embarrassed. "If you don't mind, I think I'll take up Erika's offer," He glanced at the blonde woman. "I'm going to pay my way, okay."
"And you, Reid?" Kate whispered.
"I'll ask Cinders," he replied. "I'm not sure if she'll like being in a tall condominium block."
"Reid!" Kate retorted. "If you don't want to come just say so."
Reid smiled, grabbed her in his arms and kissed her on the cheek. "It's just so funny," he said. "I've felt as if I've known you all for years, not just a few days. Coming back here is so exciting but then. Oh hell..."
"Like the day after Christmas," Erika replied softly. "You know, you really look forward to something, it arrives and passes by. You feel deflated somehow."
"That's it," Reid said. "We were thrust together and I thought that now we're back in Spokane, Kate has her business and her life. I just didn't want to impose."
"Well, you haven't," Kate snapped.
"And neither have you, Doug," Erika added. She turned to Kate and Reid. "Look it's almost eleven and you both look as exhausted as I feel. I will be offended if both of you don't stay here tonight. Tomorrow, we can have one of our discussions about what we are going to do for Doug and the girls. I'm going to file a complaint with the police, too. I don't see why Peter and those others can continue on after everything they did." She grinned, "One of the spare rooms has a double bed, you know."
"I'll discuss it with Cinders," Reid replied. He tried to keep a straight face but failed when everyone burst out laughing. "Okay," he said when he saw Kate nod. "As long as you let me cook breakfast."
"It's a deal," Erika laughed. "Now let's unpack and I'll light the gas heater. It's a bit nippy, if you didn't notice. Afterwards we'll sort out the bedrooms and I'll see what there is in the cupboards to eat. "
"I'll help," Kate replied.
"And I think we'll need to give your shoulder a good bathe and rewrap it, Doug," Reid said. "We don't want an infection to creep in."
"Sure doc," the young man replied and grabbed a kitchen chair to sit on.
*
 Their lovemaking was frantic, long and fulfilling but finally Reid jerked up to realize he had been asleep and Kate was snoring peacefully in his arms. It was dawn and the view outside the upstairs bedroom window showed a deserted suburban street lined with seventy year-old houses, all in immaculate condition with neat lawns and cared for gardens. A street light was still on and glowed orange while the only occupant of the deserted scene was a ginger cat who slunk across the road towards a neighbour's house. Reid kissed Kate on the cheek and slipped out of the blankets.
Five minutes later he walked along the pavement with Cinders at his side. The world was at peace and as he liked it. In an hour he knew, the streets would be filled with automobiles carrying their drivers to work at some unknown destination, telephones would buzz and computers begin to spit out a million and one email messages.
His mind reflected back to the lake and the events that unfolded. Of course, it hadn't changed. Peter was still there and the commune was functioning as it always did. Just four younger members had left and, no doubt would be replaced by new recruits, more lonely women seeking help or young men who couldn't cope with the strains and stresses of normal society.
He patted his dog and walked around a corner to find a small park ahead. The grass was moist with morning dew and three chipmunks ran around looking for morsels of food beneath a trashcan dangling from a pole.
"No Cinders, let them be," Reid said when the dog's ears shot forward at the sight of the tiny animals. "This is their home. We're the intruders here."
They reached a lone park bench where Reid wiped away moisture and sat down. He took out a tennis ball, heaved it across the grass and watched as his dog ran after it, made an almighty jump in the air, missed but, without hesitation, scooped the ball off the ground and came bounding back.
It was only at the very last moment that Reid noticed two girls slip in on each side of the bench beside him.
"Hi Sassy, Jennifer," he said. "I never heard you coming. Did you both sleep well?"
"We followed you but you were so absorbed with Cinders we didn't want to interrupt," Jennifer said in a quiet voice. She looked at Reid and held her bottom lip with top teeth in apprehension.
"But you want to talk?" Reid said.
"How did you know?" Sassy replied, also in a hushed voice that seemed to fit the early morning conditions.
"I guessed," Reid relied with a shrug. "Well, fire away."
"We're scared, Reid," Jennifer said.
"Of what?"
"That you'll walk away and leave us," Sassy said her voice louder and spoken with urgency as if she wanted to get everything out before she lost her nerve. "You have made it with Kate, Lorie has Erika and even Doug has Lorie. They're smitten on each other but we have nobody, we know nothing about life here in the city, we have no home, no family, nobody..."
"Except you, Kate and Cinders." Jennifer turned to show eyes flush with tears. "We don't want you to just go away back to the lake or whatever. Are we being selfish after everything you've already done for us?"
"And you both feel the same?" Reid asked.
Both girls nodded. Jennifer picked up the tennis ball Cinders had just deposited at her feet and threw it across the park. The throw lacked power and sort of dropped after a few seconds, right into Cinders' waiting mouth.
"See, I can't even throw a ball properly," she whispered.
"But you all planned an escape from the commune and rescued a severely beaten young man. You paddled a canoe to a cave and stayed there surrounded by nothing but danger. That took sheer guts, Jennifer," Reid said quietly. He put both arms out and hugged each girl. "You, Jennifer, anticipated every idea I had and more so. You girls have nothing to feel but pride."
"What about love?" Jennifer continued. "We just want to be loved with our faults and all. We were taught we were nothing, sinners constantly being bad. No matter what we did or tried to do it, was wrong." Her tears now rolled unhindered down her face. "You know they even had a tiny building away from the compound where we had to go when we bleed, I don't even know the right word..."
"Menstruation," Reid whispered.
"We were ashamed of our own bodies," Sassy continued. "We were evil and on Earth only to serve the men and have children. Nobody was allowed to touch another person but we used to creep into each others bed and just hug each other."
"If we were caught we'd be thrashed," Jennifer sobbed. "Some of the women were as cruel as the men. One delighted in belting us with a cane. I think she got pleasure from seeing us weep.
"But Jennifer never did," Sassy said. "Not once did she cry like she's doing now. It made Sister Madeline so angry she'd just hit out again."
"But I did," Jennifer added. "I'd shut myself in the toilet and howl my head off. Nobody saw, that is all."
"And you're afraid I'll just leave you with Erika and you'll never see me again?"
"That's about it," Sassy replied.
"Let me tell you something," Reid said. "I've found more love in the last few days than I've had in years. I, too, had a hard time and all I wanted to do was disappear from society with my dog. You see, I'd lost my trust of humans, all of them. I had a wife, a profession, respect and it crumbled away but now..."
"You have Kate," Jennifer whispered.
"Yes and you two, Lorie, Doug and Erika. Love is a funny little word that means lots of things; it's not just how I feel about Kate. I love Kate, I am sure and I love Cinders. I love you too, Jennifer and you Sassy. I love you all so much I don't want to leave you and I'm not going to retreat back into my lonely world again." 
He glanced at each of the girls in turn and squeezed them in close with his massive hands. "You can stay with Erika or you can come and stay with Kate and me. One day, I know you'll want to go out and make your own lives but I want to be there for you and be part of your family." Reid stopped for a moment and threw the ball out for his dog. "I was a very lonely man but now I have you all. So you see, I'm being selfish now, aren't I?"
"No," Jennifer whispered. "You're being the father I never had."
Two heads, one brunette and one auburn, tucked into his bushy black beard and remained there. The Black Labrador trotted up and dropped the sloppy tennis ball on the ground, saw nobody was about to throw it out again, so sat down right across the six damp shoes beneath that park bench that was alone, no more.
*
The first day back in the city had twists and turns that left the seven completely bemused. Erika and Doug both filed complaints with the police force that had jurisdiction over the area of Eagle's Claw Lake. That, though, became their first problem. Local police said it was out of their area, state police insisted half the lake was federal land and therefore not their responsibility and the federal authorities stipulated that crimes against a person or property were the responsibility of the Washington State authorities.
Finally, a very pleasant local police sergeant took all their statements and promised to initiate an inquiry.
"I must admit, Miss Somerville," he said. "Your charge of multiple rape against the three men you named will be difficult to prove. Did you have a medical examination?"
"Reid examined and helped me. He is a qualified medical practitioner."
"But there were no swabs obtained that a medical laboratory could test?"
"Sergeant," Erika snapped angrily. "We were a hundred kilometres from the nearest town, I was in fear of my life. If it wasn't for Doctor Reid Tucker and my sister rescuing me, I don't believe I'll be alive today." 
"So you were attacked on the forest road after your vehicle was stuck?"
"Yes. A local forestry officer can verify I was on the road leading into Eagle's Claw Lake"
"But you haven't his name?"
Erika shook her head miserably.
"You were forced onto this boat where the alleged offences took place. Later that evening Doctor Tucker and your sister just happened to board the boat that was tied up outside the commune where your sister was living."
"Yes, I told you that," Erika whispered.
The sergeant looked up at her. "I'm actually on your side, Miss Somerville," he said in a kind voice. "There have been murmurs about the Elf Commune but yours is the first actual complaint. I believe if we pursue the abduction, we may stand a greater chance of building a case. With Mr. Doug Rogers' complaint and statements from your sister and the other girls, I believe we can proceed."
"Believe!" Erika replied.
"I shall do what I can, Miss Somerville," the sergeant replied, stood up and extended his hand. The interview was over.
*
"I had the same trouble," Doug said that dinnertime back at Erika's place. "They asked where the arrow fragment Reid dug out of my shoulder was."
"...And like a fool, I never kept it," Reid added.
"Who could expect you to," Kate added. "My God we had other things to worry about. I have other news, too. I don't know whether it is good or bad."
She had been back at the airport all morning and had just returned.
"Go on," Reid said.
"The airport authorities did send out a search plane yesterday afternoon. It flew over the lake and, you know what?"
"The amphibian was gone?" Erika suggested.
"No, it was floating by the jetty as if nothing was wrong. I'll show you." She reached in her brief case and bought out an aerial photograph. It was dated 1600 hours of the previous day and showed the CL-215 floating beside the jetty. It looked perfectly normal. 
"And look at this," Reid snorted. Standing on the decking in front of the cabin was a figure waving. "Damn cheek. I'm sure that's Peter."
Kate grimaced and studied the photo. "Could be," she said. "Oh, I have one more bit of news. My new pilot arrived and he's an old friend from Resolution Air. I tried to get Andy Hadfield earlier but he was following up another offer over in Seattle. It fell through due to his age, I think. He's just over fifty and most airlines like younger pilots. Anyhow, he came back, realized I was stranded somewhere and used the Beaver to do all our regular flights. "
"That is good news," Reid replied. "But what are you going to do about the amphibian?"
"Andy is taking another pilot who does odd contract work and Merve, my mechanic, out there tomorrow if the weather's okay. I don't relish going back."
"Well, that's something," Reid said and glanced around the kitchen. "By the way, where are the girls? It's not like them not to be joining in our discussions."
"Far more important stuff," Erika laughed. " I gave them all a credit limit and my credit card. They're buying clothes and Sassy and Jennifer are getting their haircut. Lorie reckons hers was so well done, she didn't need another one."
"And the State Welfare?" Kate asked.
"We have an interview tomorrow. I'd like you both to come, if you can." Erika replied. "It's been a busy morning. Oh yes, Sassy and Jennifer were very apologetic and bashful but told me they wanted to live with you two. They said you knew about it, Reid."
"Yes, well. I did say I wouldn't desert them and they could choose." He glanced at Kate. "I was going to speak to you about it but with everything else..."
"They told me," Kate replied. "Everything ... even down to Cinders chasing the tennis ball. I told them they'd have to share a room and help with chores. My apartment is a lot smaller than this house but there are two bedrooms."
"Lorie was disappointed but when I told her Doug was staying here, she cheered up, " Erika added.
"I still feel guilty about that," Doug said.
"Well don't be!" Erika replied. "It's good to have a man around the place." She grinned. "As I said, I loaned the girls money to buy clothes and personal things. You can have the same amount."
"But I can't," Doug protested.
"Buy a razor," Kate laughed. "At the rate you going, you'll soon have a beard as long as Reid's."
"I didn't like to ask," Doug flushed as he ran a hand over his stubble. "I must admit I do feel somewhat itchy." He grinned, accepted the bills Erika handed him from her purse and disappeared outside, only to stick his head back in again a second later. "Cinders wants to come with me. Can she?"
"Sure," Reid laughed. "You'll need her leash, though. The markets don't like dogs." 
"Right," Doug yelled and disappeared again.
"Oh, there's one other job," Kate said and smiled at Reid.
"What?"
"The whole four of them want to learn to drive. I said I'd ask you."
"Oh hell," Reid muttered. "One I can handle, but four!"
"You can borrow the Jeep," Erika replied innocently but winked at Kate.
*
The visit to the State Welfare produced another surprise. The three girls and Doug were already on the organization's list with Doug drawing an unemployment benefit and the girls receiving an obscure benefit for caregivers of abandoned children. All of these were sent regularly into bank accounts with Doug's, because he was eighteen and classified as an adult, in his own name.
"I know nothing about it," he muttered.
The woman, with Pauline on her nametag, glanced up at the seven gathered around her desk and turned the monitor so they could see it. "Is that your signature, Doug?" she asked and pointed to the on screen document.
"Looks like it, "Doug replied. 
"Well, you have a bank account at the Bank of America, main Spokane branch. Your welfare check is paid into there and has been since last year."
"Have you Doug's bank account number?" Reid asked.
"Sure," Pauline replied. She grabbed a business card and copied it down. "The most recent payment went in yesterday," she said.
"Now the girls. Can their welfare be transferred to them personally," Kate asked.
"As they're under age, I'm afraid it must go to an official caregiver."
"I'm Lorie's sister," Erika said and opened her purse. "I have birth certificates."
Pauline examined the documents "You want Lorie's care transferred to yourself," she asked and tapped on her keyboard after Erika nodded "Do you have a bank account number?" she asked.
"Sure," Erika replied and supplied the details.
"Right," Pauline said. "That's sorted but the other two girls situation is more difficult. I assume you're not related."
"No, but we're not going back," Jennifer snapped.
"...And you're both obviously over twelve," Pauline said. 
The girls nodded and gave a slight giggle. Again the woman typed on her keyboard and the adjacent printer spat out two official looking documents.
"I can take a statement from you both that says you wish to transfer your caregiver from," she squinted at the screen before glancing up. "… a Sister Madeline Stalinga, to whom?"
"Doctor Reid Tucker," Jennifer said straight away while Sassy had begun to say Kate's name. 
"Make it Kate," Reid said. "She has a permanent home."
"Okay," Pauline concluded. "A case worker will need to interview you all and inspect your place of residence but there should be no problem. The transfer will be through within a week."
*
At the bank, Doug found he had a little over five hundred dollars deposited in his name but a monthly automatic withdrawal had been made to the Elf Commune Trust. He cancelled this and withdrew three hundred dollars in cash.
"I never thought I could pay you back so soon," he said and handed two hundred dollars to Erika.
"No, Doug, you get established first." she replied with a wave of her hands and refused to take the bills. 
"Now we need a lawyer," Reid said as they walked out to the Jeep and Kate's car. "This is a clear case of false pretences. Do any of you have one?"
"My lawyer is pretty good," Kate replied.
She grinned as Jennifer and Sassy piled into the back of her car, where Cinders was waiting, while the others walked across to the Jeep.
"I have a feeling that the commune is going to find it's days of doing whatever it wishes has come to an end," Reid snorted. "If we can't get them one way, we'll use another." 
*

CHAPTER 12
"Oh, My God!" Lorie screamed as she stared out the window of the Canadair CL-215 as Felts Field Municipal Airport disappeared below them.
 Two weeks had slipped by and the airplane was back in service after a surprisingly brief time. Reid sat in the cockpit with the pilot but Erika and Doug were both absent. Doug had picked up a low paid job at the local market until he decided what to do with his life. He'd completed school and Erika was trying to persuade him to go onto college. Though the girls were already enrolled at a local high school for their sophomore year in September that was months away and summer now stretched out endlessly ahead.
Sassy gripped the edge of her seat and grinned nervously at Jennifer who appeared the most confident of them all. 
"After all," Jennifer said. "Kate's flown the airplane dozens of times. It's not about to crash now." 
"Yeah, Yeah," Lorie snorted as she continued to gaze, awesome-struck, at the city below them. "You're just too damn practical at times, Jennifer. You're as bad as Cinders"
The dog lay unconcerned on an old blanket in front of the passengers squeezed into canvas seats at the front of a load of supplies. It was their first fight, ever. Kate invited them on 'the milk run', as she called it that visited half a dozen remote settlements, all necessitating lake landings.
*
If the takeoff from the city runway was scary, their first landing twenty-five minutes later on a lake had the girls hanging on like grim death as the CL-215 hit the surface, bounced and hit again. All they could see was white water rushing past and hear the engines roar. Afterwards the aircraft wallowed in the surf and new feelings filled the girls' sensations, seasickness.
"Oh damn!" It was the confident Jennifer who had turned a ghostly white and reached for a paper bag.
The other two would have laughed but were too concerned about holding their own breakfast down as the amphibian turned and taxied along the shoreline towards a small Native American village that looked remarkably like the Elf Commune buildings. On closer inspection, though, the village was nothing like the commune. Buildings were built haphazardly around and there seemed to be people wandering aimlessly around with little to do.
"Why do those men walk funny?" Jennifer asked in an innocent voice as two youths staggered along a dusty road behind the jetty.
"They're drunk," Lorie retorted.
"Oh, the demon drink," Jennifer replied.
Lorie stared at her friend. "I suppose you could say that," she replied. "At least they have a choice. We didn't," she added.
"True," Sassy added. "You can choose to do bad things as well as good."
"But why do they do it?" Jennifer asked again. "I wouldn't do anything that made me stagger around. What's the fun in that?"
"Perhaps you should try it one day and find out," Lorie replied. "I'm going to."
"Lorie!" exclaimed Jennifer in horror.
"Well, there are worse things," the other girl replied. "But how will we know about anything if we don't try."
"Kate and Reid don't get drunk," Jennifer snapped. "If we end up like them we won't have done too badly. That's why kids get into trouble. They won't take advice and have to just try everything out for themselves."
"Oh Jennifer," Sassy laughed. "Don't take everything so seriously. You can't change people. That was the trouble with the commune. We weren't expected to think, just obey. "
"Sure," Jennifer replied. "There's so much to learn, that's all."
They wandered around for a while, chattered with a few of the locals until they saw Kate waving them back to the airplane. A few moments later, the engines started and they were off and flying adjacent to snow covered peaks.
Reid came back and told the girls to go up to the cockpit. "Eagle's Claw Lake is coming up," he said. "Kate thought you might like to see it."
"We aren't going to land, I hope," Jennifer whispered.
"No," Reid replied. "Timber Wolf Air has withdrawn from servicing the commune. Kate said it's not worth the risk, especially since we're filing a lawsuit against them for damaging this plane."
While they talked the other two girls rushed forward and raced for the co-pilot's seat. Sassy won and Lorie had to be content to squat on the seat behind her and gaze out at the lake just coming up.
"There's the road where we escaped," Sassy called out.
"And Reid's cabin," Sassy added. She turned to the pilot. "Can you fly lower, Kate?" she asked.
"Sure," Kate replied. "Our next destination is only a few kilometres west so what say we buzz the commune?"
"Buzz?" Sassy asked with a frown.
"Fly in fast and low, so they get a fright," Kate replied.
"Why not?" Lorie laughed, "But not too low. I'd hate to crash.
*
With the three girls tucked around gazing at the scene below, Kate slowed the CL-215 and followed the curve of the lake southwest over the water and only a little higher than the cliffs on their left. They swept around the headland close to the cave where the girls hid and headed straight towards the Elf Commune.
"Oh my God!" Sassy cried as it unfolded below them.
They could see the jetty, buildings, roads and the farm below. Tiny faces stared up at them and a few arms waved.
"Probably shaking their fists," Lorie snorted as the aircraft roared over.
Jennifer said nothing but had her eyes were glued to the window. It was only when Kate gained altitude and the farmland disappeared behind them that she turned and faced the pilot.
"Can we circle back, Kate?" she requested. "There's something I want to check."
Kate turned and frowned. "I wasn't going to," she replied doubtfully.
"It's important," Jennifer added.
Lorie frowned and stared at her friend. "You saw them, too," she said in an equally hushed voice."
"What?" Sassy snapped.
"The uniforms," Jennifer said. "Look at the women's uniforms."
Kate was now flying higher and checked all the gauges. They had plenty of fuel and time, with little wind, so a return run was quite feasible. "Okay," she relented. "But this is the only time. We have three other places to visit before we head home, you know."
She dropped the port wing, pulled around in a steep turn, levelled and came in over the forest behind the farm. There she turned ninety degrees and headed directly for the lake ahead.
Their time over the commune was hardly more than a minute but all three girls stared down at a line of women filing to the chapel.
 "Oh hell," Sassy said. "You're right."
"What!" Kate replied. She never had time to look and, even now, had to keep her eyes ahead as they flew over the lake and began to climb and circle before the northern mountains came too close.
"They are wearing red head scarves," Jennifer said. "Normally, they wear white or black, if someone has died and the commune is in mourning."
"So what does the red signify?"
"The blood of Christ," Lorie said. "It is a sign that some major decision or change of doctrine is about to be announced by the elders. Everyone has to wear red headscarves while the decision is being made. Usually it's for about a week. I can only remember it happening twice before."
"That's right," Sassy added. "The first was when Peter was appointed our new leader to replace old Matthew who died and the second was later when they brought in a series of new sins and regulations."
"And lowered the age of womanhood from seventeen to sixteen," Jennifer added. "Some of the older girls thought they were so smart," She grimaced and added, "until afterwards." 
"It wasn't long after that when Suzanne disappeared," Lorie added.
*
Their curiosity was further aroused when they landed at an adjacent lake at another small Native American community. Randolph, one of the village elders, was with three other men and Reid helping to lift a new generator from the amphibian onto the back of an ancient pick-up when he noticed the three girls.
He placed his edge of the crate on the pick-up and wiped a sunburned hand under his wide brimmed hat. A crinkled smile unfolded from his leathery face. "I know you three," he said in a slow voice. "You're the girls who caused all the commotion over at the commune." He gave a chuckle. "They got their comeuppance when you four just disappeared, didn't they?"
"Why, what happened? "Sassy asked.
"The head honcho came in here and practically accused us of kidnapping you four," Randolf squinted in the sun and glanced around. "Where's the boy?" he asked.
"Doug's got a job in Spokane," Lorie replied.
"That's spot on," Randolph continued. "Anyhow, I told Peter if he treated his young charges decently, they wouldn't need to walk out. We just about came to blows over that." He sniffed in disgust. "He's bad news, that one. It's all in the eyes. He'll never look you in the eyes as if there is always has something to hide."
"So what's happening at the commune now?" Kate asked. "Is anything different?"
Randolph rubbed a hand over his chin. "Funny you should say that, Kate," he drawled. "Something's going on there but I'm not sure what."
"Why are you suspicious?" Reid asked.
"Well, after our big row over the kids, we stayed away from them." He shrugged. "Not that we have a lot to do with them anyhow."
"Go on," Kate persuaded.
"Well, only a week back Peter and Luke, I think the other guy was, rolled in here in their Jeep and offered to sell us all their cattle, three hundred of them. The price was a bargain so we bought them. When they were leaving they said the strangest thing."
"What?" Kate responded.
"They said we could leave them where they were as they weren't going to need the farm land any more. We could graze the cattle there over summer. I found out later they'd only restocked last year and sold the cattle to us at a lower price than they originally paid for them. It's mighty strange, if you ask me."
"It is," Reid replied. "Have you heard or seen anything else?"
The elderly man shrugged. "It seems that after you girls left there was some tightening up. We heard of a protest by the women that went wrong. Some were beat up mighty bad, it was whispered. No proof, though. Just rumours we picked up when we went to inspect the cattle we bought." He sighed. "I did see one girl with an almighty black eye and bandaged arm.
"Who was it?" gasped Jennifer.
"I'm sorry, I don't know her name. She'd be a bit older than you, about twenty, I'd say." 
The girls stared at each other. It could be anyone. There were sixteen to twenty women at the commune who could fit that description.
Randolph continued chatting but didn't add any more information. They were invited for lunch and conversations with other locals told them much the same. There had been a clamp down at the commune and the farm animals were being sold off. One guy commented that usually the commune had land ploughed to plant crops by early summer but a couple of fields had been left half done.
Something different was happening or about to happen at the Elf Commune and the three girls all suspected it was something sinister.
"Everything looks bad," Jennifer said when they were on their way back to Spokane. "The women wearing red, cattle being sold and unploughed fields. They always had crops planted by now. It was one of the main sources of income for the commune."
"And that beat up woman," Lorie added. "Usually, it is only the kids who are given hidings, not adults. "
"I bet it's because we left," Sassy added. "They had to blame someone. They'd say it was the devil on the loose and find a reason to blame someone."
"It sounds like the seventeenth century when women were declared witches," Reid observed.
"It does," Kate replied in a quiet voice, "but what can we do?"
"I'm not sure," Reid replied, "There must be someone with authority to go in and check on what's happening. If the local police aren't interested, we'll find someone who is. I don't think we should just ignore them. Imagine if they had something terrible planned and we find out after it is too late."
He caught Kate's eyes and saw she looked as concerned as he felt. The three girls, too, all looked apprehensive and back at him for guidance. He smiled at them. "Cheer up," he said. "I'm sure there is someone in Spokane who will help and I'll find out who it is."
*
The help came from far closer than they expected. When Erika heard the news, she frowned and asked who had been contacted.
"Nobody, yet," Reid replied. "I was about to go to the police precinct. That sergeant we spoke to seems to be the best."
Erika sighed. "I wasn't meant to say anything but I think I can help. Just give me a moment. I've got a call to make."
She sounded mysterious but would say no more as she found a number in her address book and punched in a number.
"Extension 786, please," she said. Her eyes glanced around at the others while she waited. "Wallpaper music," she snorted and waited again before the extension was answered.
"Good afternoon, Erika Somerville speaking. It's about the Elf Commune. You asked me to contact you if there were any new developments... Yes... No, I'm not personally in danger," Her eyes grinned at Kate. "No she's here and everyone except Doug. He's still working. They've just returned after a flight over the lake..." Erika continued with a brief summary of everything she'd been told. "I can," she said after listening for a moment. "I can certainly vouch for them all." She listened again before she placed a hand over the receiver and glanced around. "Can we go downtown, right now?"
Kate looked at the others and nodded.
"Okay," Erika replied. "Give us forty minutes... Bye." She hung up.
"That was Rodriguez Parnel. He's a FBI agent I have been helping over the last year." She looked directly at Reid. "It's all classified information and I signed a secrecy clause and wasn't permitted to tell anyone anything.
"But now?" Reid replied.
"I think you've all been cleared as not being a security risk."
*
The office was unmarked and on the eighth floor in an unpretentious building two blocks from downtown Spokane. The building did, however, have a sophisticated security system and stern faced guards rang ahead before they were allowed to enter the elevator.
Their wait in the foyer was brief and they were shown in a sterile office where two men in civilian suits invited them all to take a seat. Erika introduced the taller of the men as Captain Rodriguez who in turn nodded at the second man, a military type with close clipped gray hair and serious eyes.
"This is Inspector Jack DeHaven from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police," he introduced.
Reid frowned as he shook the man's hand. "Canadian?"
"I'm based at Edmonton, Alberta," DeHaven replied in a soft voice but did not elaborate. 
A few more pleasantries were exchanged before the girls were grilled with very thorough and searching questions about their life in the Elf Commune, how they escaped, their reasons for leaving and finally what they had seen that day.
"Have any of you heard of Fort McMurray?" the Canadian asked when the interviews were over and everyone was drinking a welcomed cup of coffee.
Kate frowned for a moment. "Isn't that a small city north of Edmonton?" she said.
"You know your geography, Kate," Jack DeHaven replied. "Over three hundred kilometres north and really one of the last outposts of civilization. North of Fort McMurray is wilderness It's a cold desolate area, frozen for much of the year and infested with insects during the brief summer."
"So what is the connection?" Reid asked.
"The Elf Community has an outpost somewhere there," Parnell Rodriguez explained. "Hence Jack's interest in our commune. We believe their intentions are to shift everyone from Eagle's Claw Lake, north. What you just told us this afternoon seems to confirm what we suspected."
"But why?" Lorie asked.
"Once there, it would be a impossible for anyone to escape. They can do whatever they wish. We have other information about this so-called Peter but I'm afraid it is classified at the moment. Suffice to say both our countries are keen to get this gentleman in our clutches. It seems now, that we cannot afford to wait any longer." Rodriguez continued.
"Peter Littlejohn and some of the others have been seen in Fort McMurray," the Canadian added. "However, we have not found where their new commune is. We do know, though, there is a skeleton group already there, twenty or so, we think."
"A lot of thinking and guesses," Reid said quietly.
"We had a spy but she disappeared," The FBI man glanced at Erika and onto Lorie. "It was Jane Somerville, your mother."
"But Mom's dead!" Erika gasped. 
Rodriguez glanced up. "I'm sorry," he said.
"But why are you confiding in us?" Reid asked.
"Circumstances have changed," Rodriguez replied. "We thought we had time to develop a plan but it seems we now have to move quickly." He stood up. "Remember everything said in this room is classified information. Even a casual comment made to a friend could get to the wrong ears. Thank you for coming. We'll be in touch."
*
Even though it was a warm, fine evening, Jennifer and Sassy forwent the chance to go walking with Reid and Cinders around the suburban streets near Kate's apartment. Instead they hung around the kitchen while Kate prepared a meal.
"Okay girls, what's on your mind?" she asked.
"Is it that obvious?" Sassy replied.
"Turning down a walk with Cinders and not watching one of your favourite soap operas on television is unusual," Kate replied with a grin.
"Okay," Jennifer said and sat on a bar stood beside the raised serving bench. "There are a couple of things."
"Fire away," Kate replied.
"You've taken us in here and made us welcome. We love it here, Kate. This apartment is more than we ever dreamed of, you look after us, spent money on us, take us around and let us be ourselves."
"But?" Kate replied with a frown. She placed the saucepan of potatoes on the stove, sprinkled salt across them and also sat down on a stool.
"A bank statement arrived for my account today," Sassy said.
" Your benefit should be coming through," Kate said. "If not I'll..."
"That's it. The money is there, all of it," Jennifer added.
"So?"
"You are taking nothing, Kate. You provide everything yet take nothing in return," Jennifer added. "We want to pay our way, Kate, and don't want to be charity cases." She screwed her nose up. "I overheard Reid saying almost the same thing to you the other night."
Kate suddenly broke into a smile. "And do you two realize how you have also helped me with your fabulous company? It's not all one way, you know."
"We want to help with expenses," Sassy replied. "We don't want all our benefits. It is for you, not us."
"Okay," Kate responded. "If you wish, we can transfer some of the money back to my account but I definitely won't take it all."
"Thanks," Sassy replied and reached across to hug Kate. "You're are a real pal. So is Reid."
Jennifer, though, hung back. "There's something else, Kate," she said doubtfully.
"Go on," Kate responded.
"All that news today with the FBI guy. It's just that..." She hesitated and bit on her bottom lip.
"They only told us because they want us to do something," Sassy continued in a rush of words. "Jennifer and I reckon they're going to plan a raid or something on the commune and will ask us to go back to show them where everything is."
"We don't want to go back," Jennifer whispered. "Oh I know you'll say we'll be protected but you don't know what they are really like. We're scared something will go wrong and Peter or the others will catch us and... Oh hell." Her face turned white. "I'm scared Kate. Really scared..."
"She thinks we'll be caught and raped," Sassy added. 
"You've been raped?" Kate whispered.
"No," Jennifer replied, "But that was only because we hadn't turned sixteen. The code of behaviour at the commune is strictly adhered to and nobody in the junior dormitories is touched. Last year at this time, Geraldine, one of the older girls refused to move when she became sixteen but Sister Madeline dragged her away, literally kicking and screaming. She never seemed quite the same after that and wouldn't tell us much about happened. What she did say made us even more terrified of becoming sixteen." She glanced at the calendar hanging on the wall. "It was going to be the twenty-first of June, actually."
Kate gave a tiny smile. "Why that's grand, Jennifer. We'll celebrate," She turned to glance at the other girl. " And when is your birthday, Sassy?"
Sassy frowned. "It's not Jennifer's proper birthday or mine. At the commune, everyone becomes a year older on one date. Lorie, Jennifer and myself all would be declared sixteen at seven three am on June twenty one, the Summer Solstice."
"Oh hell but when are your real birthdays?"
"We have no idea," Sassy whispered. "Other birthday dates were not recognized." 
"I see," Kate replied softly. "We'll have to do something about that, won't we?"
"But how" Sassy replied. 
"All births are registered. We only need to look up the records and find your actual dates of birth." Kate replied in a resolute tone. Once we've found out we'll have our own celebration whenever it is your real birthday. Now come on, help me get supper served. I don't know about you but I'm famished."
Jennifer glanced at Sassy who smiled back and walked across to the stove. Supper was bubbling away and steam drifted up to the extraction vent.
*

CHAPTER 13
The Timber Wolf Air Beaver was a single engine floatplane that was used by several local companies so if seen over Eagle's Claw Lake nothing would be out of the ordinary. At least, that is what Kate and her friends hoped. Other precautions were taken just in case, with Kate flying the aircraft in from the north and over Reid's cabin before looping around the central arm of the lake. She landed close to the cave where Sassy and Jennifer had originally taken refuge but taxied to the southern shore to let the passengers off.
Lorie glanced nervously at Kate before she followed her sister, Parnell Rodriguez and another FBI agent, Ralph Yates onto the small beach. "Perhaps I should have stayed back home with Sassy and Jennifer," she said. "It's easy to be brave back in your apartment but now we're here, all the memories return."
"You'll be fine," the pilot replied. She reached out and gave her friend a squeeze on the arm before smiling at Reid who sat in the co-pilot's seat and waited while the other men unloaded equipment from the rear of the Beaver.
Parnell pushed the tail of the airplane around and the four watched as the engine roared and the Beaver moved out into the inlet. It turned east into the wind and accelerated forward. Wake surged out from the floats and it lifted into the air but remained below the foothills as it disappeared around the rugged shoreline.
"Right," Parnell said. "There's about a kilometre's walk along the shore then we head inland a couple of hundred meters to the cave. Once there, we'll be away from any prying eyes."
Lorie glanced at Erika and bit on a lip. She had volunteered to help as she knew where the sleeping dormitories were and the names of all the children, whereas Erika's knowledge of everything was somewhat dated.
Parnell and Ralph had remained tight-lipped about the reason for the visit so all Lorie knew that it was important to remove the children from the commune and, as well, persuade as many adults as possible to accompany them. There were forty-two children under sixteen who slept in the children's dormitory and another dozen women and five men that the girls and Doug had listed as probably being interested in leaving.
Apparently, the area beneath the commune was a honeycomb of caves, many unexplored but others had been made into the tunnels that linked the commune buildings. Agents had been surveying these catacombs for weeks now and had discovered a north-western entrance, the one they were walking to now. They had also found a way into the tunnel linking the dormitories with the chapel. It was through here that they hoped to rescue the children.
"Matters have come to a head," Parnell had explained the previous day. "We need to get in, quickly and get the children out. That is why we want your help. If they see someone they know they won't be as scared as if a group of strange men arrive."
Lorie was disappointed that Sassy and Jennifer seemed reluctant to come but had caught Kate's eye and never made a comment. Now, though, standing on the beach in the late afternoon light she really understood their nervousness. 
"There's no hurry," Parnell reassuring voice said after the sound of the airplane disappeared. "It is more important to remain hidden. Keep yourselves on alert and if you see a boat just freeze and warn everyone. Movement is highly visible from anyone out on the lake but someone standing still is more likely to blend into the background." He grinned. "That's why I asked you to wear dark clothes."
*
For forty minutes the four followed the shore without seeing another sole. The shadow from western mountains already covered the lake and thick firs to their left offered room for a quick retreat, if necessary. However, the hillside was so steep it was almost impossible to walk through the trees.
Lorie trudged beside of Erika and the pair spoke in soft voices as they moved along. "This is where we paddled the canoe," Loire pointed out. "I'm sure when we go around that next headland we'll be able to see the commune."
 "You're right but we'll move inland before there," Parnell replied. "We follow this creek bed up through a valley. It's more of a canyon really. The cave entrance is at the end. In the spring thaw water tumbles down but, at the moment, there is a mere trickle."
His words proved correct for, once beyond the shore, they followed the narrow twisting canyon up through rocks and were surrounded by almost vertical fir covered walls. It was hot work and Lorie found herself covered in perspiration and tiny mites hovering around. She felt pleased that she managed the steep sections as well as Erika and the men. In fact, she could propel herself up between rocks quite easily while Parnell had to grunt and heave his heavier frame through the narrow sections.
The climb took another half an hour until the canyon petered out into a broad valley of firs.
"Right," panted Parnell. "Let's stop and have a rest. I don't know about you lot, but I'm exhausted. The cave entrance is only a hundred meters further on." He glanced at his watch. "We have about an hour of daylight and then several hours wait before we enter the dormitory around midnight."
"So how about telling us the whole story, now," Erika said after they'd all removed backpacks and canisters of water were handed around. "After all, there's nobody here to tell, is there?"
 Parnell glanced at Ralph who gave a little shrug. The younger FBI agent leaned back against the bank and glanced at Erika and Lorie. "Does the summer solstice on June twenty-one mean anything to you, Lorie?" he asked.
 Lorie nodded. "That's when we were to be declared sixteen," she replied in a hushed tone. "Everyone is declared a year older on that day. We have special ceremonies to mark the event."
"That's what we learned," Ralph continued, "However, everything has been brought forward a month, probably because of your escape."
 Lorie nodded. "Okay but why the urgency? The three of us who were to be declared women all escaped. The next two girls younger than us are only turning fourteen."
"There's more, though," Parnell added. "Those red scarves you saw when you flew over last week confirm what we had suspected..."
"And that was?" Erika interrupted.
"Peter is about to declare Armageddon this Sunday and prepare the commune for The Last Judgment. As I said, it's been brought forward."
"Oh I see," Erika whispered and turned pale.
"Well, I don't," Lorie snapped. "What is it?"
"The end, Lorie," Erika explained. "Everyone at the commune has been told the world will end tomorrow night and they must leave before then."
"How?" Lorie persisted. "On some gigantic spaceship or something."
"Your soul, Lorie." She took her sister's hands. "Surely you were told about it."
"Yeah, sure," the teenager replied. "We were always told of the battle between God and the devil and only the believers would survive."
"But the opposite will happen unless we step in," Ralph added quietly.
Lorie frowned. "How?" she asked.
"Everyone will be expected to commit suicide tomorrow evening," Erika whispered. "Even the children and babies will be given poison to swallow then the whole compound will be set ablaze."
"Oh hell!" Lorie gasped.
"It's even worse." Parnell's eyebrows creased into a frown. "Our dear disciples, Peter, Abraham and the others are going to quietly slip away. An amphibian is due to land shortly and will be waiting to evacuate them and a few of the loyal women, their so-called wives, out. They plan to fly to their new commune up in Canada. It won't be mass suicide but really mass murder."
*
The cave interior was well marked with tiny phosphorescent arrows at every intersection to show the way. After an initial descent down a steep cliff where a wire rope had been secured to the wall, the rest of the cave was level but twisted and turned with side passages going off everywhere. Without the arrows, Lorie was sure they would have all been hopelessly lost. She shone the flashlight Parnell had given her, upwards but the beam did not show any ceiling. In contrast she could almost touch the two walls with outstretched hands. It was single file territory and she was second to last but had the comfort of having Ralph behind.
 Their hushed voices echoed around and a fine dust was stirred up by their footsteps as they plodded forward. The section they were in at the moment had damp walls and droplets of water ran down to trickle through cracks in the floor. It was cool but not cold. In fact, if it wasn't for the worry about what was to happen, the journey would have been a pleasant hike.
When they came to a sharp corner after almost an hour's walking, Lorie gave a gasp. Concrete blocks replaced the left wall in front.
"Right," Parnell called back in a hushed voice. "We're on the outside of the tunnel that connects the dormitories to the chapel. We follow it south and end near the children's dormitory." He gave a tiny chuckle and removed his backpack. "They were considerate enough to put in large air vents into this cave. We've unscrewed the one closest to the children's dormitory."
"We wait here until midnight," Ralph added. " Keep very quiet. Our voices could be carried through the vents into the tunnel." He nodded at a small alcove across from the concrete blocks. "This is where we left some gear."
 Parnell nodded at three large containers Lorie hadn't noticed in the corner. "There's a radio and other equipment there to defend us," he said. "There's also food, water, clothing and a medical kit. When you arrive back, take it all with you and continue on to the third intersection and wait. It will be safer there as any noises the children make won't be heard." 
*
"Sister Madeline Stalinga?" Ralph Yates hissed as he grabbed the woman around the mouth and whispered in her ear. "This tiny needle you feel pressed against your neck will put you asleep for twelve hours if you move one centimetre. Just nod if you understand." The woman's terrified eyes looked up at him and nodded. "We know all about the raspberry drink you were going to give the children as a treat in the morning, Stalinga." His eyes bore into the woman.
"But how?" Her white face turned gray.
" Special Services, FBI, Madam," Yates spat. "You either cooperate or we leave you here. Of course you'll be asleep..."
"You can't!" gasped the woman.
"So you care about the souls of forty two children but don't worry about you own, Sister," Ralph continued sarcastically. "Isn't that sacrilege?"
"It's a fake," the woman whispered. Her eyes darted sideways in an unsuccessful attempt to see the needle. "The children..."
"Oh, we know. You answer the questions I ask and if you hesitate for one second, in goes the needle. Got it?"
 "Yes," Stalinga squeaked.
"How many other adults are in this block?"
"None!" the woman replied.
"Liar!" Yates replied and pushed the needle, ever so slightly into the flabby neck.
"Four. There's four!" the woman almost screamed. "Guards are outside the doors at each end of the block and two women are in the nursery to care for the babies."
"Good," Ralph replied and relaxed the pressure on the needle. He followed with questions at such a speed the terrified woman never had a chance to hesitate so probably told he truth. 
Finally the FBI man grunted and pushed the needle in. "We can't have you telling anyone we're here now, can we?" he grunted as the woman attempted to scream but failed and slumped unconscious onto the floor.
Lorie looked at the agent in terror before Ralph explained. "This knockout drug only lasts an hour. There'll be plenty of time for her to escape even if they blow the building, tomorrow." He smiled slightly at her. "Do you know what to do?"
 "Yes," Lorie whispered. "Wait exactly ten minutes, turn the lights on and start getting the children up."
"That's right," Ralph replied. "Don't worry, those outside are expecting it. The adults here were due to wake the children and give them all the raspberry-flavoured poison. I believe the dosage also includes an aesthetic to knock the children out."
 "How do you know all this?" Erika gasped, as she stood pale but determined beside Lorie. 
"I'll tell you later," the man replied. "I have to dispose of the guards outside the doors and the women in the nursery. See you soon." 
He squeezed Lorie's arm and was gone.
*
"Come on," Erika whispered and Lorie followed her to the tiny pantry at the end of the dormitory. 
They were in the girls' dormitory and everywhere were the slumbers and snorts of sleeping children. However, nobody appeared to be awake. Lorie suspected that some were but did not want to bring attention to themselves. They reached the ablutions room adjacent to the dormitory where, in spite of herself, she gasped. On the bench was a massive punch bowl filled with red liquid. Tumblers were neatly arranged in orderly rows around it. The smell of raspberry filled the air but it was also accompanied by another pungent smell. 
"Almond," Erika whispered. "The poison smells like almonds."
With her face white with fury, Erika grabbed the bowl but it was too heavy to lift so she tipped it over the edge of the bench. The fluid swished out onto the wooden floor in a gush like a small tidal wave and splashed onto her jeans. She ignored her wet attire, lifted the now empty container to the sink and flushed it out with the faucet turned on at full speed.
"The noise!" gasped Lorie as she stared at the water splashing onto the floor and red liquid running away in two long lines beneath the outside door. Her sister's fury surprised her.
"In five minutes the lights go on, anyhow," Erika retorted and again ignored her wet clothes. " I'll go across to the boys' room. You stay here. Remember, be calm."
 "Look who's talking," Lorie retorted. "I know what to do. We've been through it a dozen times."
 The tension was getting to them both. 
A moment later both men appeared and said all the adults in the block had been given knockout drugs.
"Are you okay?" Parnell asked when he noticed Lori's grim expression.
"Yes," she replied and glanced at Lorie. 
"Sorry about the outburst before. Seeing that terrible stuff made me so angry, I sort of snapped, that's all," Erika whispered.
"That's okay," Lorie replied. 
Parnell cut in. "I've known hardened police officers to react the same way. I would have been more concerned if it hadn't affected you, but now is the time to hide your worries from the children. Can you do it?"
"Yes," Erika replied quietly. "We'll be fine, won't we Lorie?"
Lorie swallowed bile and nodded. She felt anything except fine but was determined to do everything asked of her.
*
"Hi Guys," Lorie said in an enforced light tone as the lights come on. "Do you remember me?"
"Lorie!" called a dozen voices. "But why..." The bubble of voices filled the room and several of the older girls leaped out of bed.
"You're in jeans and jersey," one youngster cried out in an amazed voice. "Oh Lorie, I knew you'd come back,"
 "Hi Rebecca," Lisa replied and relaxed a little when the ten year old smiled. "Now, listen everyone, I will explain later but you must all get dressed in your warmest clothes. I want the older girls to a go and get the babies from the nursery. The Sisters there will be asleep so won't stop you."
  "But," argued one of the older girls, "If the disciples come..."
"Do it!" Lorie hissed with her calmness forgotten, "or would you rather be dead, Julie?"
"No, of course not but..."
"Come on, Julie," a tall dark haired girl in the next bed said. "You know we can trust Lorie. Why would she risk coming back here if it wasn't to help?"
  Lorie glanced in appreciation at the girl who supported her. "Thanks, Yvonne," she said. "Can you organize the babies? Just see they're wrapped in something warm. Okay?
"Sure, Lorie," Yvonne replied and turned to those around. "Well, you heard, Lorie, Snap to it!"
*
Fifteen minutes later, again exactly on time, the lights went off but forty-two children and babies were assembled in a long line in the darkened corridor. Except for two infants crying, all was hushed and everyone's eyes stared at the two men holding the only lights, two small flashlights switched to show only a dull red beam.
"We are going down the tunnel that leads to the chapel," Parnell said in a quiet voice. "I want no talking and, unless you're holding a baby, I want you to reach your hands out to the people in front and behind you. If you're near someone holding a baby, grab her clothes or arm. Okay! "
"It is perfectly all right to touch the person near you," Erika added. "It does not matter if you are a girl or boy. We're all friends here and friends are allowed to touch each other."
An embarrassed giggle went through the darkness but hands were grabbed and, everyone waited. 
"Are you okay?" Parnell whispered to Lorie. "Ralph has gone ahead to check the tunnel and I'll be the rear guard. You lead the children down to the cave and Erika can go behind them, "
"I'm okay," Lorie replied. "But what about the adults in the other building? You said they were going to be given a chance to come."
"Another squad is coming in for them," the man replied. "Our main concern is these kids. When you get to the cave, keep going to that third intersection and wait there. Erika has a radio so we can keep in touch. Remember before lose sight of an arrow look for  the next one."
"Right," Lorie replied and swallowed nervously as the man slipped away.
She knew Erika was at the rear but felt somehow alone. "Okay, Yvonne," she gulped. "Follow me."
She moved forward down the ramp and into the tunnel with the others following in single file. Once inside, there were small red pilot lights that gave an eerie glow but made it easier to see. The tunnel curved slightly to the left so when they reached their destination, both entrances to the tunnel were out of sight. Lorie stopped and turned to Yvonne.
"We came in through this air vent in the wall," she whispered. "Give me a hand to pull it out."
"Right," the younger girl replied.
Together, they grabbed the two sides of the rectangular grating and pulled it out to reveal an opening about half the size of a small window. Lorie grinned at the children, wriggled back into the opening and let herself down. Her feet found a protruding rock and from there she knew it was only a short drop to the ground. She held the metal edge of the vent for a second, lowered herself down until toes touched the ground and let go.
"Yvonne," she called up a second later. "Get the smaller children and I'll give them a hand. It's dark down here but quite safe."
The other girl's face appeared, looking apprehensive but excited. "Okay," she whispered. "It'll be Trevor first."
The legs of a little boy about six appeared, Lorie reached up, grabbed his waist and gave a grunt as he just let go and flopped into her arms. She stood him on the floor and noticed his grinning face.
"Where's our raspberry drink, Lorie?" he asked. "We were told we were all going to have a raspberry drink when we woke up and were very good."
"Oh, Trevor," Lorie replied and tried to keep the tremor out of her voice. "When we get out of here I'll buy you the biggest soda you have a ever seen and it'll be any flavour you like. Okay?"
 "Sure Lorie," the little boy replied. "We missed you, you know; Sassy and Jennifer, too. It isn't the same without you all."
"And I missed you, too," Lorie whispered and ruffled the boy's hair. "Now, can you move a little so we can get the next person down?" 
She glanced up as two feet and a red tartan skirt appeared. It was one of the girls. Tiny hands appeared and another small body, lighter than Trevor flopped into Lorie's arms.
"Hi Noeline," she said and plopped the little girl next to Trevor and reached for the third child.
 The line of children seemed to take forever but after about half were in the cave, Erika's head appeared and the babies were handed down, past onto bigger children to hold and the rest of the children followed. Finally, Erika appeared with the grating held above her head...
"I had a radio message from Ralph," she called down. "There's some delay with the other squad. He said to pull the grate back and go to our original meeting place. Parnell and himself will meet us there." 
She rested her feet on the outcrop of rock and used both hands to pull the vent into place before, with Lorie's help, she stepped down into the cave. Eyes followed her and several children could be heard sniffing back tears. Crying was discouraged at the commune but, in many ways, the self-control by these youngsters was more heartbreaking than if the tears rolled.
Erika flicked on her flashlight, still set on the red beam and smiled around at the children crowded in the confined space. "Right," she said. "Now we want another big line. Join hands again and follow Lorie. Okay?"
"Yes, Erika," three dozen voices whispered and Lorie felt two hands grab hers. Both Yvonne and Trevor both wanted to hold onto her.
She glanced down. "Okay Trevor, you can be behind me, then Yvonne." She smiled at the girl who let go and grabbed the little boy's hand so she was third in line. "Away we go."
*

CHAPTER 14
After making a quick reconnaissance of the dormitory and a brief check outside, Parnell found nothing out of the ordinary. The unconscious adults were made reasonably comfortable and he was about to follow Erika and the others through to the tunnel when his radio buzzed.
"Rodriguez."
"Home Base, here," came the reply, "Arrival of takeover force has been delayed due to low cloud. Estimated time of arrival is now 0500 hours. An aircraft flying south from Canada has been tracked from Edmonton, Alberta and ETA at Eagle's Claw Lake is 0530 hours. This may also be affected by the low cloud base with visibility at dawn expected to be down to sixteen meters."
Parnell reported that the children were in the caves but no adult dormitories had been entered.
"Leave them," said the remote voice. "Keep the children in the caves until advised. Do not attempt to walk them out down the canyon. Helicopters will arrive when the weather improves."
Parnell frowned. A surprise attack was becoming less likely as he knew the commune assembled in the chapel at dawn less than half an hour after the force was due. 
"The commune members may have moved to the chapel by that time," he replied. "Also the adults in the children's dormitory will be awake by then. It is paramount that you get here earlier or there may be a bloodbath."
"We'll try, Parnell," the voice replied in a more reconciliatory manner. "But there are no guarantees. If all else fails care of the children is your major concern. The adults are on their own. Use plan B if the enemy enter the caves."
"Okay," Parnell replied and rung off. "Damn!" he muttered, for he knew there were many adults who were not volunteering to take their own lives but what could he do? It would be foolish to expose their presence and risk having the children found. 
 He slipped into the children's dormitory, locked the doors but left the keys inside the locks and checked the five adults again. It was strangely quiet and the air was cold and still. Something seemed wrong! Maybe it was his imagination but something tickled his mind. Why would they wake the children in the middle of the night to administer the poison? Surely it would be logical to administer in the morning.
"Oh hell," he snapped to himself. That was it. The building would be blown up before the final meeting in the chapel. If the children were already dead any adults who had second thoughts would be so overcome with remorse they wouldn't hesitate to take their own lives.
"The bastards!" he swore and glanced at his watch. That was why Stalinga was so terrified. Even being put out for a short while would be too late if the building was going to be blown early.
But what about the adults here? He couldn't just leave them. He made a sudden decision and ran through to the nursery, lifted the first women over his shoulder and carried her out the furthermost exit. At the rear all was dark and a white fog hung around the ground but he knew there was a small shed across the lawn. He stumbled forward and slung the woman behind the building. In the next ten minutes he moved all the others and glanced at his watch, twenty to two. Knowing how the commune minds worked, they probably had the building due to blow on the hour. He had to hurry.
Moments later he was in the tunnel and found there was a massive steel door just inside the entrance. He shut and latched it, while noticing the latch only operated from the interior, and headed forward. Ralph was not waiting at the vent as arranged nor were there any signals visible to show he'd followed Erika and the children into the caves. 
Parnell took his radio, pressed a remote button and hissed into it. "Ralph, where are you?"
Ralph's voice came straight back. "Along the tunnel where it intercepts the other one. Something's strange is happening. Can you get here?"
 "Right. Be with you in a couple of moments."
"Keep damn quiet and show no lights," warned Ralph. "See you soon."
*
 "What is it?" Parnell asked when he found his companion lying on the floor and peering around a ninety-degree bend.
"The men have all filed past," Ralph whispered. "They were dressed in dark suits as if they're going to a wedding."
"Or funeral," Parnell spat. "I have a feeling everything has been moved forward several hours and isn't at dawn as we suspected."
"It fits in," Ralph replied and peeped around the corner again. "Oh My God, the women are coming," he hissed.
The two men watched as the women approached, all dressed in their usual red tartan skirts and long sleeved white blouses. The scarves on their heads were red. Fifty or more filed past in two lines and disappeared towards the chapel.
"Well, that's it," Parnell whispered. "Our orders are to look after the kids."
 "Wait," hissed Yates. "There are more coming."
 The noise came first; scuffling feet, clanging, low weeping and intermittent moans as another line of women appeared. This was different, though. About sixteen women, mainly young by their appearance were stumbling along in pairs with their hands bound behind them and to a long chain along between them. Several were crying and, even as the men watched, an older woman, obviously a guard lashed out at one mere girl with a switch.
"Move!" she snapped as the girl with pitiful eyes and attempted to defend herself.
*
 Parnell caught Ralph's eyes and nodded grimly. "We're going in," he hissed. "On three."
 Both men were professionals and no other discussion was necessary. Three seconds later, they stepped quietly out in front of the line abreast of them with heavy calibre service automatics held ready to fire.
 "FBI!" snarled Rodriguez. "Everyone will stop and sit down. Now!"
The line stopped and the front guard opened her mouth as if to scream but nothing came out. Yates clipped her on the side of the head with his weapon and she collapsed, bleeding to the floor.
"Sit, I said!" Parnell hissed and pointed his weapon at the second guard. "These weapons have silencers and we will not hesitate to use them."
The woman's face drained of all colour but she dropped her switch and sat down. Meanwhile the women tied together also stumbled down onto their knees. Expression ranged from relief to uncertainty. 
 "I'll keep an eye out up the corridor," Ralph whispered and slipped away.
 "Now, if you wish to survive you will undo these young ladies hands," Parnell directed. "Nobody will speak. If anybody attempts to call out it will be the last sound you'll ever make." He almost grinned when he realized it was all a bluff. If the women were about to commit suicide they had nothing to lose. Luckily, though, the flustered women never thought of it that way.
The four remaining guards nodded and began to untie the prisoners. 
"We objected to what they intended to do but were being forced to take part, anyway," one of the women prisoners whispered.
"And your name, Ma'am," Parnell asked.
"Geraldine," she replied. "Did Lorie get help?"
 Parnell nodded. "And I assume it is the Armageddon pact you're talking about."
 "You know?" hissed a guard but swivelled back when the FBI glowered at her and raised his weapon a tiny fraction.
"Everything," he grunted. "Including the hoax.
"Hoax, what hoax?" Geraldine asked.
 Parnell stared at her. "I'll tell you later. Right now we need to move quickly."
 "My baby!" howled one of the other prisoners as she rubbed her swollen wrists after the ropes came off. "They're going to kill all the children!" She reached out for Parnell and burst into tears.
"It's okay," he replied tenderly.
He glanced up as Ralph returned and indicated all was quiet. 
 "Right," Parnell ordered. "Bound and gag the guards."
The former prisoners reacted immediately. Guards were seized and, none too gently tussled up and almost choked as their own scarves were knotted around their mouths.
"Bring them and we'll leave then out of sight around a corner," Parnell ordered and nodded up the side tunnel. "We're going back up here."
  The women guards were propelled forward as the newly freed prisoners followed Parnell back up the tunnel. Several women stepped back and affectionately guided the some of the more distressed victims along and talked reassuringly to them. They had almost reached the vent when, above them there was clap of thunder and the whole tunnel shook for several moments, a few thuds banged on the ceiling and silence returned.
"The dorm!" Geraldine screamed. "They've blown the children's dorm and the kids are inside." Her face and that of her companions was that of utter terror until the FBI agent's slight smile sent a message through to her. "The children aren't there, are they?" she whispered.
"No," Parnell replied. "They're safe and waiting with Erika and Lorie. We got them out in time."
"Oh my God, thank you," another slim blonde woman who was barely twenty sobbed. "We tried to stop the slaughter but..." her voice trailed off.
"I know," Parnell answered in a kind voice. "But come on. We still aren't out of danger."
*
"Sassy, are you awake?" Jennifer's voice called softly across the dark bedroom.
"I wasn't but what is it, Jennifer?," came the sleepy reply. 
"I thought I heard footsteps in the kitchen."
"Oh, Jennifer," Sassy replied as she sat up in bed and turned the bedside lamp on. She squinted in the bright light and stared across at her friend in the other bed. "It's okay. We're in Kate's apartment, half way up a condominium block with an alarm and two locks on the door. Just because she called last night and said Reid and her were grounded somewhere up near the Canadian border because of low cloud, doesn't mean that every pervert in the city is about to head this way."  She was about to say more when a very faint creak came from outside their door. Her face drained of colour and she stared at Jennifer. "I heard it?" she whispered.
Jennifer sucked on a bottom lip and stared, wide eyed at the door. 
Sassy slipped out of bed, tip-toed towards the door, hesitated, smiled reassuringly and continued forward while Jennifer pulled her blankets up to her chin.
*
Sassy, though, never reached the door!
It was flung back and the main bedroom light flashed on. "So the wayward little devils thought they could just up and leave, did they?" The male voice boomed. "We have a little unfinished business, don't we girls?"
Sassy shrank back but not before Abraham, the disciple Jennifer had shot near Erika's Jeep, reached out and grabbed her arm. In a second the hold was around her waist and she was flung down across the bed.
"Let me go!" she screamed.
"Oh, I will," the man whispered. "It's the other little trollop I want." He flung Sassy aside like a rag doll and leaped at Jennifer, grabbed her by the arm and around the neck in one move. With one yank she was pulled out of bed and crashed to the floor.
"Nobody gets the better of me, Jennifer, my sweetie," he chuckled, "Your night attire is not regulation one for girls to wear," he chuckled as she kicked, screamed and tried to beat him off. The man pulled her close into him, so close his unshaven face tickled her chin and kissed her cheek. "But you're a woman now, aren't you Jennifer? You know I was going to choose you as my fourth wife. Now isn't that a privilege?"
"Leave me alone, you creep!" Jennifer shouted. The words became distorted and almost a screech as the man held her throat and forced her head back.
 The man was briefly interrupted when Sassy launched herself at the man. But it was to no avail. Abraham just rose, Sassy careered across the room and crashed against the dresser.
"You bastard!" she hissed as she staggered to her feet and wiped a hand down her face. It came away sticky with blood.
Jennifer had no time to get away. She was seized and her continuing screams were stifled when the fingers on her throat became so tight she could barely breathe. She understood, though, the seriousness of the situation. The man was openly fondling her beasts now and the free hand reached up the inside of her leg. Her mind froze in fear and utter revulsion but she was unable to move away.
"Yes, young madam, you'll do fine," the man sniggered and Jennifer barely heard his voice muttering to Sassy. "Jennifer, is about to become a woman, Sassy." He chuckled, "and depending on how she cooperates decides whether you should become one, too. Don't bother to try to use the phone. It's disconnected."
He chuckled again but in doing so, his hold on Jennifer relaxed ever so slightly. She kicked out, connected with the man's groin and broke free. She hardly realized the hysterical screams were her own as she headed for the kitchen and outside door.
 Abraham caught her half way across the kitchen and grabbed her pyjama top, ripped it open and threw her petrified to the floor. "Bitch," the man snarled squeezed her exposed breast until the pain was almost unbearable and held her until consciousness almost disappeared before letting her breathe again as he unbuckled his belt. 
"No!" Jennifer shrieked when she saw the male organ pushing out the material of the man's trousers but the only response was a sharp slap across the face. 
"I like a good fight," he whispered. "You will now cooperate."
A new sound reached her ears. The firm grip holding her slackened  and  as Jennifer leaped away in she saw  a black shape tear across the room from the balcony and land, full force on the would-be rapist. Abraham was a powerful male but his strength was useless against a growling, snapping, slobbering Black Labrador that seized his arm with such a bite, the skin was ruptured and blood poured out onto the carpet.
Abraham lashed out with his free arm but Cinders turned, let go the one damaged arm and seized the opposing wrist. The man staggered, collapsed to the floor with kicks and screams every bit as terrified as Jennifer's own ones were mere seconds before.
"Call it off!" he screamed with his one bloody arm now trying to protect himself. "For God's sake call it off!"
*
Sassy stood by the door with a chalk white face and just stared at the one sided fight.
"Stop, Cinders!" she ordered in a quiet voice. "Jennifer is safe now."
The dog immediately stopped and sat back centimetres from Abraham cringing on the floor. Her eyes looked up at Sassy, across to Jennifer sobbing by a chair and back to the man.
"Guard!" hissed Sassy. She turned to Abraham. "Don't move! If you do, Cinders will rip you throat out as if you're a spring chicken." It was a lie, of course, for she had no idea what the dog might do. She turned to her friend. "My cell phone is under my pillow, Jennifer. Dial 911 and asked for the police." 
Jennifer wiped her eyes, nodded and walked around the inanimate man. She reached to the bedroom, found the tiny yellow instrument and pressed in three digits.
"Can you help us, please," she said and burst into hysterical tears.
*
The police patrol car was outside the condominium within fifteen minutes and two officers arrived. 
"Our dog saved us," was all Sassy could say as the officers walked in to find Abraham lying on the floor where Cinders had first attacked him.
"And yourself, Ma'am?" one officer asked.
"He was after my friend," Sassy replied. "I was just flung out of the way."
The second officer, a woman, turned to Jennifer who still stood weeping by the inner door with her hand holding the torn pyjama top together. 
"So this man attacked you but was stopped by your dog?" she asked in a quiet voice.
 "He was about to..." Jennifer replied and burst into tears again.
"But he never managed to violate you," the officer added in a kind voice.
"No," Jennifer sobbed. "He would have if Cinders wasn't here."
"It was premeditated," Sassy added. "We know him."
"I see," said the first officer. "Can you call your dog aside, Ma'am?"
"Here, Cinders! Good Girl," Sassy called and, again, the Black Labrador instantly obeyed. She stood, walked across and sat beside the girl, seemingly without a care in the world. Even her tail began to wag as Sassy rubbed her head.
"That dog is an uncontrollable monster," Abraham shouted. "It was an unprovoked attack and I demand the vile creature is put down before some innocent child is killed. I was merely visiting my charges to see how they were coping..."
"So one has a blooded face and the other is so terrified she can hardly talk, not to mention a pyjama front with the buttons ripped off," the woman officer interrupted in an icy retort. "I am arresting you on the charge of wilful assault and issue the usual warning. You have the right..."
Within a moment Abraham was handcuffed and out the door while Sassy walked across to tuck an arm around Jennifer. "Come on," she said. "What say we go and sit down? I'm sure the officers will want a statement from both of us. I'll turn the coffee on."
Jennifer nodded and squatted down. She wrapped her arms around Cinders and just clung on while the tears rolled down her cheeks. 
*
Inside the cave, Lorie stared at Erika when they heard a muffled roar above them and several pieces of rock clattered to the ground.
"What is it?" she gasped.
"An explosion," Erika whispered. She glanced around at the frightened children. "Probably the dormitory."
"What now?" Lorie whispered.
"We wait," Erika replied but her face looked worried. "It is no good going back. If we get separated it will just make things worse."
 "Okay but I don't like it. What if Parnell and Ralph are lying wounded somewhere. If we don't help..."
"They're professionals," Erika replied. She glanced back up the cave and reached for Lorie's arm. A tiny red flashlight beam was moving towards them and, at the same time, her radio cackled into life. 
"Erika," she hissed into the instrument.
Moments later the FBI men appeared with the commune members they had rescued. Geraldine, at the forefront, rushed forward and swept one of the babies into her arms. Other mothers found children and Parnell noticed some of the women gathered seven or eight children of a similar age around them. Nobody was omitted and every child had an adult to relate to.
"Many of the children are orphans," Erika explained to the FBI men a few moments later. "The women you rescued are mainly the younger ones who spent time as caregivers and teachers for the children." 
 Lorie interrupted. "Not all the younger ones are here, though," she added in a grim voice... "I'd say a little over half. I guess these are the ones who questioned the way the commune was run."
 "Okay, thanks," Parnell replied. "We can't go back for any others and have been ordered to make our way to the cave mouth. There we'll wait until dawn. Helicopters are coming to pull us out."
"Like the last days in Saigon," Ralph added in a whisper and grinned at Parnell when the woman stared blankly at him. "That was before your time, I guess," he added. "My Dad told me all about it."
*

CHAPTER 15
"The only problem is the weather," Ralph reported to Parnell. It was still an hour before dawn and he'd just returned from making a surveillance of the route out. "As far as I could see, there is a thick ground fog and misty rain over the lake."
"That's similar to the radio report I received?" Parnell replied. "We should be safe enough in here as long as we aren't followed."
"I'll removed all the arrows our men put in," Ralph replied and held out a handful of the phosphorescent arrows. "I've already taken the ones behind us and replaced them with the new ones in case we need to retreat..." 
"How are they different?" Erika asked.
"The original arrows can be followed by anyone, even children. The ones we're replacing them with only show if lit by an ultra violet light. An ordinary flashlight won't show a thing." His lips curled up almost into a grin. "The floor is rock hard so won't show footprints except in the damp sections. There we'll try to brush them out as best we can."
"Okay," Erika replied. "The children are organized into small groups with an adult in charge so they should be no trouble." 
"Fine," Parnell replied and turned to Ralph. "If you and Erika lead, I'll come up the rear. "
 He turned as Lorie and Geraldine came up
"We're all packed and ready," Lorie said. "All the children have eaten, been to the toilet and the gear is distributed around. Most of them are in good spirits."
 The group that now numbered close to sixty, moved forward in a long line with younger children holding adults' hands and twenty or more flashlights bouncing off the walls. With the two FBI men covering the front and rear and with the labyrinth of twisting tunnels they moved through, the chance of anyone seeing the lights was remote. It was more important for the children to have the security of seeing where to go. Ralph again disappeared ahead but gave Erika a tiny radio receiver so they could keep in touch.
"I'm at the entrance," he radioed back fifty minutes later. "There's a misty rain but the fog seems to be lifting. Take your time. I doubt if we'll be leaving for a while." His voice hesitated. "That climb up using the wire rope could be difficult for the children," he added. "I'll see if I can get something sorted out."
"Right," Erika replied. 
She placed the instrument in her pocket and gazed back along the line. Behind her, Lorie smiled and still looked a bundle of energy. The children, though, were weary and some of the women close to exhaustion. Though none complained, it was obvious several were finding the walk difficult after their initial treatment and wounds...
"I think a break for breakfast would be a good idea," Erika said when they arrived at another intersection of tunnels with a wide area the size of a classroom. She called a halt and everyone fanned out and found a place to sit and relieve stiff limbs. 
"We are well provided for, aren't we?" Lorie commented as she slipped off her backpack and began to unpack.
 "We are," Erika replied.
 There were twenty backpacks in all and everyone held three food cartons containing sandwiches, fruit and energy bars wrapped in tinfoil. Plastic canisters of water and several flasks of hot coffee were also available. Other gear included spare clothing of various sizes, first aid kits, toiletry items and other assortments 
Once everybody was settled, several mothers took the chance to breast feed tiny infants while others listened to the children and examined their feet. Blisters were plastered with lotion; Band-Aids applied and wet socks replaced with warm dry ones from the reserves. Tired faces glanced around but morale was high and the conversation, light. 
*
Outside, dawn approached and, with it, the fog lifted like a blanket so the lake was clear but the surrounding hills and mountains remained invisible. Ralph received a radio report from Erika and estimated the party was about twenty minutes behind him but this did not include the time it would take to climb the steep section. He tested the wire rope, found it secure and supplemented it with a nylon rope. His idea was that a small seat could be made for smaller children and they could be hauled up while supported by an adult. It wasn't perfect but all he could do with available equipment.
He slipped into an oilskin jacket and made his way up to a ridge behind the cave entrance and surveyed the area. Above was the blanket of white fog, below the lake looking still and dark but of more interest was the commune itself stretched out in the pale morning light. Flames and bellowing smoke poured skywards from one building and people, rows and rows of them were assembled on the waterfront, either on the jetty or along the beach outside the fence.
"Strange," Ralph muttered to himself and brought a powerful pair of field glasses to his eyes.
 Several things were unexpected. For one, it was not the children's dormitory ablaze nor, indeed, the chapel, but a large rectangular building behind it. Ralph pulled a map from his pocket and examined the contents. The burning block was labelled, Administration offices. The queues of people included both sexes but the women now wore white scarves over their hair and the men had changed into working clothes. 
As he continued to watch a tractor and trailer laden with suitcases chugged out the gate and those on the jetty moved aside to give it room. It was driven to the end of the jetty and the faint chug of the motor stopped. Ralph turned and saw a second tractor, also loaded with gear come out the main gate.
 The FBI man made a quick count of the people on gathered around. There were eighty or ninety, with probably two-thirds women. Taking into account the children and adults they had rescued, that was close to everyone in the commune. 
So the suicide pact had not gone ahead! Whether this was as a result of the children being rescued or the whole pact a hoax from the beginning, Ralph had no way of telling. He did know, of course, the poisoned raspberry drink was in the children's dormitory ready to be administered and the women they'd rescued had been badly treated. Probably what happened was that the women they'd drugged had awoken and warned the leaders the children had gone and, of course the women they had with them, were missing. It was merely a guess but Ralph surmised there were hastily rearranged plans and everyone was now being prepared for evacuation.
 He cursed and reached for the radio. "Can you get the helicopters in?" he asked after reporting everything. "The fog has lifted twenty meters or more and visibility below is 20/20."
"We're still fog bound at base," the voice came back. "Will send the task force out. ETR is twenty five minutes."
"Hurry," Ralph retorted. "Something's happening down there and I think it will be soon."
*
 No sooner had he stopped talking when a loud rumble sounded up the lake and a massive four-engine flying boat touched down on the main arm of Eagle's Claw Lake. It stopped after an amazingly short run and turned to taxi towards the jetty.
"Oh shit!" the FBI man swore and barked into the radio.
"Describe it," the controller requested.
"Four piston engines with a radar dome and observation windows in the nose. There's a high tail and... Oh my God!"
"What?"
"It's Russian. At least it was. There is Cyrillic writing along the fuselage."
"Any registration numbers?" 
"The old Soviet CCCP has been painted out but I can make out the digits; 8794. It's Russian all right."
 While he was speaking, the flying boat slowed and swung around. A powerboat appeared from the far side of the jetty and headed out to circle around near the cockpit of the airplane. A head appeared out an opened window, hands were waved and two of the plane's engines switched off. Slowly, under the power of the inboard engines the massive machine manoeuvred in parallel to the jetty. The remaining engines stopped and crew appeared in two open hatches to throw out ropes. Within minutes, the flying boat was secure and towering above the jetty. A gangplank stretched to shore and three people walked off to be met by several men in business suits.
Ralph focused his field glasses on the group. The new arrivals looked very ordinary Europeans, two men and a woman while one of the commune men was Peter Littlejohn.
"What's happening?" the radio crackled.
"The airplanes at the jetty and, by the look of it, everyone is getting ready to board. How long until the task force arrives?"
 "Still twenty minutes. Heavy fog at this end is hindering progress."
"Well, you'll be too late." 
 There was a brief silence before the voice came back. "Civilian radar found no trace of your intruder. It must have come in low from Canada. We're onto the military tracking stations and will confirm their flight path when it is known."
"That won't do any good now," Ralph snapped.
"The air force are sending up interceptors."
 "To shoot down a plane load of women?" Ralph yelled. "I think the Canadians need to be contacted."
"Will do. Report in if the craft leaves... Wait, I have info on the registration. The aircraft was sold to a Canadian private owner a year back. The name is..."
The person was unknown to Ralph but the Canadian ownership confirmed what he suspected. The commune members were going to be evacuated to the new commune somewhere unknown in northern Alberta.
He watched as the lines of commune members filed forward and entered the bowls of the flying boat, gear was lifted in through the second hatchway and a third tractor piled high with gear drove out the main gate. At their rate of progress, everyone and everything would be aboard within a few minutes.
*
After spending the night at a small settlement to the east, Kate found the morning weather conditions clear enough for her to fly out just after dawn. The Beaver landed at Spokane's municipal airport twenty minutes later but her original intention to switch to the CL-215 and fly onto Eagle's Claw Lake was thwarted when the local control tower advised that the lake was still fog bound. There was little else she could do, therefore, except go home and wait.
When the airplane swung in beside the Timber Wolf Air hanger, the first thing she saw was two girls and a dog standing at the edge of the tarmac. "It's Sassy and Jennifer," she said to Reid. "What are they doing here so early in the morning?"
Reid stared out at the pair who were waving frantically. "I guess they were anxious because we didn't get home last night," he replied.
 Their apprehension turned to concern when the Beaver's engine spun to a stop and they noticed the girls' appearance.
"Oh my God, Sassy, you look terrible! What happened?" Kate exclaimed as she climbed down from the cockpit.
Sassy had cleaned herself up but had a blackened eye and pieces of Band-Aid plastered across the bottom of her chin. Jennifer, in comparison, would have looked quite ordinary, if it wasn't for the tears in her eyes.
"Jennifer came out worse," Sassy explained in a quiet voice. "Abraham broke into the apartment and attacked her."
"He did what!" Reid snarled.
"Cinders saved me," Jennifer sniffed and wiped her eyes. "Oh Reid, Kate. It was terrible. We thought it was so safe at the apartment but he broke in and attacked us both..." 
The words tumbled out and between them; the girls related the full story.
"The police were so good," Sassy added. "They took us to the hospital for a check up and then back home. When they left, we tried to clean the blood up but there is still a stain on the carpet. We didn't want to stay alone so took a cab here to wait. Is that okay?"
"Of course," Kate replied. "How terrible. We thought you'd be safe here," She tucked her arms around both girls and also managed to rub Cinders' head. "Come on, we'll go home and see what's happened but don't you worry about any stains. It is far more important that you're both okay."
*
Except for the wet carpet where the girls had tried to remove bloodstains and the unkempt appearance of the girls' bedroom, Kate's apartment looked surprisingly ordinary.
"Do you know how he got in?" Reid asked after he had searched around.
"The police said he must have picked the door lock. We had it locked but never pushed the top bolt across as we thought you might get back late and would need to get in," Jennifer said. "It was stupid of us, wasn't' it?"
"You weren't to know," Reid replied. "Anyway, he sounded so determined, I doubt if that would have stopped him."
"I was so scared," Jennifer added and attempted to smile. "Why was he so awful, Reid?"
"Revenge because of what happened up at Erika's Jeep, I guess," he replied. 
"It was more than that," Sassy added. "He had one thought in mind and that was to get Jennifer. He wasn't even interested in me. I was just flung aside. He muttered something about Jennifer being picked as another of his wives."
"And you told the police all this," Kate added.
"Yes," Sassy replied. "They said they'd like to speak to you when you arrived home, Kate but I think it is because this is your apartment."
"Okay," Kate replied. "I'll give them a call. She picked up the phone, pouted in disgusted when she noticed the cut wire and borrowed Sassy's mobile phone. After a few moments she rung off and stared at the others with a strange expression on her face.
"Well!" Reid asked.
"It seems our Abraham is really a Sean McHardy, a wanted terrorist who has been on the run since he escaped from jail in California several years ago. He is known to be particularly violent and has a history of attacking women and girls. The good news is, he'll be sent back to California to continue his prison sentence."
"Oh hell!" Jennifer whispered. 
"And I bet Peter and those others are no better," Sassy retorted. "God, I hope Lorie and Erika are okay."
"So do I," Kate whispered. "We all do."
*
"Damn!" Ralph swore.
The last women were aboard the Russian flying boat and the men seemed to have decided to leave one trailer load of supplies on the jetty. Peter glanced at the sky, gave one last look at the commune and burning administration block before he muttered something and followed the few men left on the jetty clamoured aboard. There was a massive cloud of black smoke when the engines burst into life, a crewmember in his distinctive flying jacket rushed along, undid the mooring lines and was hauled aboard just as the craft moved forward.
 It taxied away from shore, turned its nose up the lake and moved slowly forward. The engines howled and, like a bloated whale, the flying boat accelerated, waves cut out behind and the nose lifted. Spray shot everywhere and finally the hull lifted like a hydrofoil.
Ralph stared, fascinated. It looked as if the ungainly beast would never be able to lift itself from the water. The howling motors became a crescendo of mayhem and the hull rose higher in the water until it sort of bounced, wings wobbled and the craft disappeared behind the hills beyond the middle arm of the lake. It was not for long, though, for seconds later it appeared above a nearby gap in the hills, turned north and disappeared in the fog bank until the rumble of its motors was replaced by a high shriek from the opposite direction.
 The FBI man turned and saw three F15 Eagle fighter jets, throttled in, wingtip-to-wingtip from the valley beyond the commune.
"You're a bit late, little buddies," he snorted and turned to go back into the cave.
 *
Erika and Lorie scrambled out the cave mouth, shivered in the cool breeze and glanced around at the view. In the last hour the fog had largely disappeared and the sun peeped through to dry the foliage.
"Look down at the commune," Ralph said. 
"Oh my God!" Loire exclaimed as she took everything in. 
The administration building was a blackened ruin but the fire was almost out with no other buildings affected. Everywhere were police and military personnel who had fanned out from seven helicopters lined up on a field at the rear of the dormitories.
"The place is empty," Ralph added. "Not one person has been found."
"What about bodies?" Erika asked.
"None," the FBI man added. "Even those women we tussled up are gone. There are signs of a hasty departure everywhere and one other strange thing."
"What's that?' Lorie added.
"The raspberry drink you tipped out in the toilet of the children's dormitory has been replaced."
"What?" Erika snapped. "How?"
"The punch bowl and the tumblers are back, all neatly arranged and the bowl is full of raspberry drink."
"And?" Erika added with a scowl across her forehead,
"Its ordinary raspberry extract mixed with water and the floor beneath has been washed and reeks of disinfectant."
"Oh hell," Lorie gasped.
 "All signs of the women's bad treatment have gone, too. There's no blood, rope, ripped clothes or signs of anyone being mistreated. The women's dormitory is immaculate, almost too neat..."
"So they're running scared?" Erika grumbled.
"Oh yes," Ralph added. "All signs of any explosives has gone, too but this is where, in their haste they failed."
"How was that?" Lorie asked.
"They could remove the evidence but tiny residuals of plastic explosive are everywhere. Apparently, every building was wired with a huge concentration beneath the chapel." He grimaced. "I'd say their intention was mass suicide all right and the resulting fires would have been so intense, it would be impossible for experts to count the number of corpses."
"So nobody would realize some of the commune members escaped." Erika gasped.
"Exactly," Ralph replied. "Our worry is that they'll try to do it all again at their new destination. Their flying boat is at present flying between the mountains of British Columbia but is being traced by satellite. As soon as it lands we'll know where it is. The Canadians are on full alert."
"But we're no better off," Lorie whispered.
"Yes we are," Ralph said and smiled at the teenager. "We have all the children here plus the women we rescued. As well, there are another hundred or more who would be dead by now if we hadn't acted. You have plenty to be pleased about, Lorie and you can be proud of your contribution."
 Lorie nodded. "I guess you're right," she said and tucked an arm around her big sister. "So what now?"
"The helicopters are going to take everyone back to the commune's farm. A tent village will be erected, as we  don't want anyone back in the commune itself until everything is examined. There may be booby traps, poisoned water supply and food or all manner of nasty tricks. It could take days to check everything."
"I'm going the other way," Lorie chuckled and pointed down the other estuary.
 In the middle arm of Eagle's Claw Lake, a yellow twin-engine amphibian was gliding in over the water. The words Timber Wolf Air could be seen written along the fuselage and the stylized wolf on the tail almost grinned at them.
"How did they get here?" Ralph gasped. "I wasn't told they were coming."
"Flew in low beneath the fog, I'd say," Lorie laughed. "Your sophisticated equipment isn't that flash after all."
*

CHAPTER 16
"Well, Kids," Erika said to all the children sitting at the bottom of the wire rope. "We have a choice. Either we can all go back through the cave to the dormitory or climb up this steep part and get a helicopter ride back."
  "What about Peter?" a boy of about ten called out. "He's going to be mighty angry with us."
"He's gone," Geraldine replied in a quiet voice. "Everyone except us here now, has gone."
"To heaven?" asked a tiny girl.
"No Deanne," Erika said in a quiet voice. "They didn't want to stay here any more so flew away in a big airplane."
"Like the one you went away in, Lorie?" another little girl asked.
 "Much the same, "Lorie said and smiled at the youngster.
"Except for the office that caught on fire, the whole commune is there and we can go home," Erika continued. "Won't that be nice?"
The silence was unmistakable as the children glanced at each other until another child spoke up. "You said all the disciples and sisters have gone?"
"That's correct."
"And we won't get punished?"
"No. You've done nothing wrong," Erika replied. "In fact you've all been very brave."
"Then that's okay, then," Deanne replied. "We missed morning devotions, you know. God is going to be so angry with us."
Erika glanced at Geraldine. "I don't think so," she said. "He understands."
"But what about the helicopter?" someone called out and the conversation reverted back to Erika's first question. "I want to ride in the helicopter."
 "Yes," chorused half the group so the decision about what to do became unanimous.
The climb was achieved with comparative ease. The children proved to be remarkably agile and the only problem came from a couple of the women who swung too close into the wall. However, Ralph and Parnell helped so, within half an hour, everyone was out on the ridge above the canyon just as a massive Sikorsky S-61N helicopter landed.  Someone slid open the door on the side slide opened and half the children were helped aboard.
 When it was full the ungainly craft rose and was immediately replaced by a second one. Everyone squeezed aboard but Lorie was hesitant. "I wanted to go to Kate's amphibian," she said to Ralph who was the last aboard.
"You'll see them," he chuckled. "We've been in radio contact and told them the commune is empty. They're going to taxi around to the jetty."
"Good," Lorie replied and, like almost everyone else aboard, held on nervously as the engine howled and the helicopter rose straight up, swung its tail around and headed back towards the lake.
*
By the time the CL-215 was tied up at the jetty, Lorie and Erika were standing waiting for those aboard to disembark. First there was Cinders who bounded off with tail thumping and jumped up at Lorie. She cuddled the dog in her arms and but her smile turned to a frown when she noticed Sassy for the first time.
"Oh hell, Sassy." she gasped. "What happened to you?"
"Nothing really," the girl replied. "You should see what happened to the guy who did it."
Jennifer interrupted. "Cinders attacked Abraham and just about chewed his arm off."
"What?" It was Erika who spoke.
By now Kate and Reid had joined the group and the full story came out and other news was exchanged before they all stopped and stared around.
"So you stopped a tragedy," Kate said in a solemn voice. "Parnell and Ralph filled me in over the radio."
"And by the sound of it, Cinders did too," Lorie replied. She glanced around. "By the way, where's Doug."
" He's working today but did ask about you.," Kate replied.
"Oh well," Lorie replied in a disappointed voice. "I thought he might come, that's all."
Kate glanced knowingly at Reid. In actual fact, Doug hadn't shown any interest in accompanying them although she knew he could have easily had his work hours changed. Life away from the commune was affecting them all in different ways and Doug was beginning to drift away. It was natural enough, she guessed. 
She studied the three girls. In many ways, they were sophisticated beyond their years but in others, were as innocent as twelve-year-olds. That was why Jennifer was so devastated about being attacked, even the chatty Sassy was subdued and now it looked as if Lorie was going to be hurt over Doug. Everyone was affected by the recent events and, from what the FBI had told her; there were still many problems to solve. 
She caught Lorie's eyes and the girl smiled.
 "It doesn't matter, Kate," she said. "I've still got Erika, you and Reid, haven't I?"
"As well as Sassy and myself," Jennifer added in a quiet voice. "I think we'll go through dozens of guys but we'll be friends forever, won't we?"
Lorie glanced at her taller friend, stepped across and tucked an arm around her shoulders "Oh Jennifer," she whispered. "Here you are, violently attacked and I'm worried about Doug. You must think I'm just a hard hearted bitch."
"No," Jennifer replied. "I think you are the bravest friend one could ever have. If you hadn't swum out... but we know about that and now ... God, we're a screwed up lot aren't we?"
"So who's perfect?" Sassy snapped.
"Kate," Reid whispered with a grin across his face and received quite a sharp jab in the ribs from the lady in question.
"That sort of comment will get you everywhere, old fellow," she laughed, gave him a sudden kiss on the lips and tucked her head into his neck. "But come on, let's go and see what has happened to the commune."
*
It was late afternoon before the FBI declared the children's dormitory safe and available for use. The women who had been rescued all received medical attention with Reid helping two police nurses examine them. They were all suffering from bruising and were very thin, almost to the point of being undernourished, but had no other serious medical problems. All of them wanted to stay at the commune to help the children. So far, except for a few problems caused by the burnt out building, the commune was in excellent condition. The power supply operated and water supply was free of contaminants. Even the food appeared to be untouched but was not used until further tests were made.
 At six in the evening, after Kate declared she needed to return to Spokane as the plane was required for a morning run, she was surprised to find, not only Reid but the three girls and Erika all wanting to return to Spokane with her.
"The commune depresses me," Sassy said. "With the disciples and the bossy sisters gone it might become quite good but I'd never want to live here full time again." She screwed her nose up. "I hate the clothes we had to wear." 
"What about you, Jennifer?" Kate asked as she sat in the pilot's seat and noticed the teenager beside her. 
Jennifer went quiet for a moment before she spoke. "Your apartment was so secure then Abraham broke in," she said quietly. "I thought I'd be scared too return but I'm not." She gazed out the windshield. "It's people who are important, not places. With all of you, I feel..." She turned to face Kate, "Oh I don't know ... part of a family I never had, I guess."
Kate nodded and was quiet for several moments as she concentrated on flying the amphibian out. The CL-215 lifted off the lake's surface and headed southeast before she realized Jennifer had sat down in the seat behind her. Reid, as was becoming a habit, occupied the co-pilot's seat while Lorie, Sassy and Erika were in the main cabin with Cinders.
"I think we make a pretty good family, you know," she said. 
"So I won't have to return to the commune?" Jennifer whispered.
"Of course not," Kate replied. "Not unless you want to. From what I heard, Geraldine and the other woman are going to stay and try to make a go of everything and I'm sure the FBI and police will provide protection until Peter and his cronies are found. But you made your break and everything is organized; your welfare payments, custody, enrolment at school and everything else will just continue as it was."
"Thanks," the girl replied and smiled. "I'll go and tell the others."
She stood and slipped away through the small door connected to the main cabin. 
"Deep waters," Reid commented.
"Yes," Kate replied. "She was probably the hardest one to really get to know but is one great kid."
"They all are," Reid replied and gazed, deep in thought, out at the mountain peaks. The Russian airplane must have landed somewhere by now but they did not know where so everything was still in a state of flux. "It be good to get home," he sighed. "I'm feeling quite exhausted yet I only have to relax while you do all the hard work." 
*

CHAPTER 17
The woman awoke from a deep sleep and realized straight away that something was wrong. For one, the light was on in the living area and her body clock told her it was the early hours of the morning. She glanced at her small bedside clock and saw the tiny phosphorescent hands point to three thirty-five. Now why would any of the commune members visit at this time?
 She sat up, turned on her bedside light and stared at the door. 
"Okay, who is it?" she called.
 Two women appeared, both known to her and both grim and determined.
"You're going on a trip, Jane Somerville," the first said and turned to her companion. "Grab her arm, Sister Carmel."
"Like hell you will!" Jane cried, threw the top blanket at the women and dived off the end of the bed. Though confined to her prison for months, she had made a point of keeping fit on an exercise machine she'd been allowed to have and was a match for the women.
She was out through the archway in a second before she thought about where to go. The door was shut and there was only the cave outside, anyway. She turned and glowered as Carmel and her cohort encircled her.
"So you'd rather stay here to starve to death," the leader hissed. "Come now, Jane. Use a bit of common sense."
"You are not injecting me!" Jane retorted.
"Oh, but we are," Carmel hissed and grabbed her.
The fight was brief but violent with Jane kicking hitting, scratching and punching. If there was one opponent, she could very well have succeeded but with two, the odds were impossible. Moments later she found herself in a wrestling hold on the floor while Carmel smiled grimly and brought a hypodermic needle into sight.
"In the arm, Mother Francis?" she asked the panting woman still trying to control the squirming Jane.
"Of course and hurry. We've got problems upstairs, you know." Francis snapped.
Jane stared at the pair. They were two of the commune's most fanatic and sadistic females, worse than Peter, Abraham or Luke. With the men there was always a chance of a reasonable conversation but this pair... She decided to change tactics, stopped struggling and let herself go limp.
"That's better," Francis hissed and tugged up Jane's nightgown sleeve.
 However, just as Carmel moved the needle up to the victim's forearm, she lashed out. There was a sharp prick in her arm but she had the pleasure of seeing the needle snap and clear liquid drip onto the floor.
"We should just leave you to the rats. If Peter wasn't so..." Her voice became a mutter and Jane shook her head. Everything was spinning. Oh hell, the drug must have entered her blood stream. The contorted face of the women grinned at her and the wrestle hold was relaxed. Now was her chance!
Jane tried to lash out but her limbs did not react, the room became like liquid with the archway pulsing. She tried to mutter but even her tongue felt numb and the world went white.
*
She woke with a terrible headache, vomit in her throat, no idea where she was nor how much time had past. She swallowed and opened her eyes. It was dark, the air dank but she was alone. A thin line appeared in the blackness, a rectangle of feeble light. It was the outline of a door!
Jane swallowed the terrible bitter taste in her throat and shook her head. It cleared a little and senses revealed other items. She was dressed in the commune blouse and skirt but also had her jacket on. As well, she was wearing heavy shoes and socks. This was unusual after months of just having only slippers to wear.
 She stretched her arms out and touched walls, three of them all within  an arm's reach with the door in front. It must be a closet or cupboard of some sort, perhaps the one in her room. But, no, it was a smaller than where her clothes were hung. She realized her legs were cramped so staggered to her feet and reached up. Yes, the ceiling was also within an arm's reach.
God, she felt terrible. Blotches of purple competed with the blackness of her vision and she felt so sleepy everything was probably a dream.
 Something, however, nudged Jane's mind. She remembered the nocturnal visit, the brief fight and the needle. Yes, the needle dripping liquid onto the floor, the prick in the arm... Perhaps only some of the drug entered her system and if she could stay awake now... Yes, she must stay away. It was essential to stay awake. But she couldn't!
*
When Jane awoke again, she felt a little better. Her throat was parched and the headache a dull throb but she immediately remembered where she was ...or had been. It smelt the same. She felt out with her hands. Yes, it was the same place and she was still in the closet.
 This time, though, she was on full alert. She stood and spent several moments feeling the door. Hinges were on the right but there was no handle. It felt like wood, rough grain wood and not the solid texture of the fittings back in her rooms. In fact, it felt quite fragile.
Other memories came back. The women were quite agitated and Francis had mentioned something about trouble upstairs. Now, if she was unconscious and they were panicking about something, couldn't they have just heaved her in the nearest closet?
Jane grimaced, leaned against the back wall of the closet and kicked the door with all her might. There was a creak of timber but nothing happened. The sound was encouraging, though. It was a sort of echo rather than the dull thud of something solid.
Jane lashed out again, and again... a third time, a fourth until her leg ached and lungs heaved in the effort.
"Come on!" she panted and kicked once more, half way up the left side opposite where an outside latch would probably be place.
 There was a twang of metal and her foot was moving forward at such a speed it kept going!. She'd succeeded! The door was open and bright light filled her prison.
*
Jane poked her head out and searched around. Expectations of instant discovery did not eventuate. Across the small room was a window with sunlight coming in. Sunlight! The relieved woman almost cried. She had almost forgotten how wonderful it appeared.
 She searched what appeared to be the interior of a storage shed but it was empty. Only a pile of dust and wood shavings were scattered across the floor. She noticed, though, that the window was clean and free of spider webs. The shed had been used recently.
With heart fluttering she slipped across to the window and peeped out. There were fir trees only a few meters away, a small grassed area and the trees, nothing else. Jane turned, saw a closed door and groaned in disappointment. It was shut and probably locked; the window was minuscule so she was probably still imprisoned.
Expecting the worse she turned the old brass handle and pushed the door. It opened without even a squeak of the hinges.
 She could go. She was above ground and free! 
*
Jane realized if anybody saw her, they would be enemy and also the chances of overpowering or avoiding them was infinitesimal. Thought of survival over a longer term of time did not enter the equation.
She absorbed the outdoor smells like an addict and relished the aroma of the trees, moisture in the air, grass, flowers, damp earth and wood smoke. Life, itself, had returned in those few glorious seconds as she walked outside onto a small gravel path. The sun was high in a blue sky so she estimated it to be the afternoon. She walked to the edge of the building and her thrill turned to instant fear. 
 Shouts and voices were coming from beyond the shed. She dropped to her knees and peeped around the corner. In front, was a small beach, deep blue water and, less than a hundred meters away, an amphibian with its two propellers still and hull tied to a long jetty unfamiliar to Jane. Men and women stood around tractors loaded with suitcases and other equipment near an opened door of the aircraft. While she watched, a man climbed aboard the tractor and backed it off the jetty, swung around and headed away out of sight.
Jane shrank back and headed in the opposite direction and saw a wire fence.  This made her a little more optimistic as it was obvious she was outside on the beachfront of the lake. The shed she'd come out of was the size of a one-car garage so she was soon at the other end. Again, she took the precaution of dropping to her knees before leaning forward to look around.
 "Oh hell!" Her gasp was audible. Two women in the commune uniform were walking up the path straight towards her.
Jane almost panicked. She stood, stepped back and tried to decide where to go. In one frantic move she was on her knees and pushing through the boughs of the nearby firs that reached almost to the ground. The tang of needles hit her nostrils as she crawled forward and found a steep bank ahead. She grabbed a branch and pulled herself up to the next tree trunk. The trouble was it was too open. If the women heard her and followed through the initial low boughs, they'd see her for certain.
Jane grabbed a tree root higher up the bank, hauled herself up and just kept going.
*
In her mind, the tormenters were right behind. She was free and intended to stay that way. Adrenaline flowed and with a superhuman effort she pulled herself up to another fir and another. Her feet slipped, knees became grazed and the rough stones embedded in the dry needles. Every so often, a small root or branch would come away in her hands and once she slipped back on her knees for several meters but she continued on until utter exhaustion made her halt.
She stopped, heaving in exertion and took stock. Both hands, an elbow and two knees were grazed and bleeding and perspiration poured off her face. Her back was wringing wet and a sharp pain cut across her rib cage. As well, her heart was thumping rapidly and she found it difficult to catch a breath.
She grasped a bough, sat down on the uphill side of a fir and forced herself to breathe in a slow rhythm. In this way she managed to slow her racing heart, the stitch appeared less painful and rational thoughts returned. 
Now her internal noises had subsided she listened for other sounds. There were no voices, no footsteps or branches being pushed aside. It appeared she had not been seen or followed. But for how long? The pair would have discovered her disappearance by now and the logical place for her to be would be in the trees. A search party could easily surround her and everything would be lost.
She decided to keep going up hill away from the living hell of the commune, if it was the commune! She stood and, at a more leisurely pace, continued climbing for almost an hour, she guessed. She never had a watch; the sun was out of sight so there was no way to tell the time. She was hot from the physical effort, her lungs began to gasp again and leg muscles ached. A gap appeared in the trees ahead and a small patch of sky came into view. She was almost at the summit or a ridge. With a little luck she would see the commune or lake and be able to take her bearings.
 With this new motivation, she pulled herself up onto another protruding root and made her way forward. She walked out of the trees onto a small grassed area. It wasn't the summit or even a ridge but an overgrown slip. In other ways, though, it was exactly what she wanted for far below she could see the lake stretching in both directions. The section in view, though, looked different. It was long and narrow, really not much wider than a river. Across the water, more fir forests rose above a tiny shingle beach and further back still, snow covered mountains hugged the skyline.
 Jane just stared. "Where am I?" she gasped in alarm. Nothing looked familiar.
Jane realized she was hungry, in fact so hungry her empty stomach rumbled and added its complaint to the others her body was protesting about. She sat down in that tiny clearing and gathered her thoughts.
"Think, girl," she muttered to herself.
What had happened? She remembered being attacked by Francis and Carmel, the needle being thrust aside and the room spinning but now more visions were returning. She was being dressed; no she dressed herself and was provided with the new walking shoes. They felt so heavy on her feet after all this time. Afterwards, she was led out through the cave and upstairs. They were in the administration building and it was still dark outside. They went outside and everything was fire and fluttering lights!
Jane stared at her arm and saw a long scorch mark. She felt a tender and sore area on her cheek. The building they'd left had been aflame. She remembered the searing heat and the women screaming at her to run.
 She frowned for the next memory was different. There were people everywhere, waiting in front of a gigantic airplane with four engines roaring. It was a military type machine with a glass nose and two wide hatches open along the side.
 She remembered feeling violently ill but there were no more memories. The next memory was the most recent one of waking up in the closet she'd escaped from.
"Oh hell," Jane muttered.
 She wasn't at Eagle's Claw Lake at all but somewhere different. Probably, Francis had given her a second needle to knock her out. She could have been asleep for hours or even days. There was no way of telling. Rumours of a new Elf Commune in Canada had even reached her in the prison. Some of the women who visited with her meals talked too much, not that she minded. The company for a few minutes helped to relieve the boredom of her existence.
So what choices were there? Basically, she could stay in the fir forest and die of starvation or return. If they were at this new camp, the reason for her imprisonment didn't matter any longer. She'd be reprimanded and possibly beaten but still be alive. Erika and Lorie could be at this new camp, too. Jane smiled for the first time. What a surprise there would be when they found she was alive.
With those thoughts in mind, she studied the lake below. The sun was now shining down the lake so she must have come southwest from the camp. If she went straight down and headed away from the sun, the camp would not be far away. She would swallow her pride, walk in and surrender to the commune members.
"Okay, girl," she muttered to herself, pulled the zip of her jacket up and headed down through the trees.
*
"I'm sorry, Lorie. I didn't mean to end up this way," Doug said in a quiet voice. "We've been good friends and I hope we can remain that way. It's just that Jessica is closer to my age and..."
"Just go!" Lorie screamed. "Take your bloody clothes and go. That's what you want to do, isn't it?"
Doug shrugged and glanced up at Erika for support.
She, though, was uncompromising. "Now you have a new girlfriend, Doug, it may be difficult if you continue to stay with us," she said in a neutral voice.
Doug pouted. "She's not a girlfriend, I mean, not a steady one. It's just a girl I met at the market and we went out to a bar and..."
"Yeah, and I'm too bloody young to go into those places," Lorie replied. "I can't help it if I'm only sixteen. Back at the commune I would have been considered a woman and you wouldn't have even got a look in, Doug but now I'm not good enough for you." She glanced at him for a second, burst into tears and ran from the kitchen.
"I'll pay you for my share of the expenses, Erika," Doug said and brought two bags, already packed, from his room.
Erika nodded. "That's okay, Doug," she said. "Remember, we still have a lot in common and you're welcome back any time."
"I know," the youth replied. He gave Erika a slight hug and kiss on the cheek. "Anyhow," he added in almost a confessional whisper. "I'm closer to your age than Lorie's, aren't I?"
 Erika stared at him. "What do you mean?" she replied.
"Nothing," Doug replied but couldn't look her in the eye. "Let's just say if I'd stayed here in your home, things would have got complicated."
Erika bit on her bottom lip. "Just go," she said. "You've hurt Lorie and I am not going be contribute any more to her distress."
"Right," Doug replied.
He gathered the two bags up and disappeared out the door. Erika walked to the veranda and watched as he walked out to the sidewalk and climbed into a tiny blue Volkswagen. She saw the glimpse of a woman at the wheel; Doug waved and drove away out of their lives.
"So what now?" Lorie asked from the door.
"It's as Jennifer said. Boys will come and go but we have our friends forever but we're more than just friends, Little Sister, we're family." She tucked her arms around Lorie and held her a moment. "But, come on. Kate said we had to be over in her apartment by eight. It's almost that now."
Lorie nodded. "It's hard to imagine I knew nothing except life at the commune," she said. "There's so much to learn."
"And you're doing well," Erika replied. "Oh yes, I've got you a little something. It's in the bedroom."
 Lorie frowned with curiosity and went though to the other room. There was a squeal of delight and she came running back with a new pair of top brand sneakers in her hand. 
"Erika!" she laughed. "These cost a fortune. How did you know I wanted them?" She sat down, threw her old shoes off, pulled the sneakers on, did the laces up and almost waltzed around the room. "You got the size right, too," she chuckled. 
*
That evening back at Kate's apartment, even Cinders seemed to notice the importance of the moment and lay down on the mat with a head on her front legs but large brown eyes were taking in everyone's body language.
"It's about your mother," Kate began. "We think she is still alive and is with the other commune members up in Canada..."
"I see," Erika replied in a hushed voice while Lorie just sat with a concentrated frown across her brow. "You have more, don't you Kate?"
"Yes," Kate replied. "She was being kept a prisoner in a cave beneath the burnt out administration block. The room where she was held was found but by then she'd gone."
"So how do you know it was Mom?" Lorie snapped.
"The FBI found a letter addressed to you two."
"What does it say?" Erika gasped.
Kate glanced around the room. As well as the two sisters, Sassy and Jennifer also sat with bewildered expressions as Reid brought out the letter and handed it to Erika. "There was a covering letter to your lawyer but it really only asks the firm to try to trace you both. The main letter is sealed and hasn't been opened."
"Not even by the FBI?" Lorie asked.
"No," Kate continued. "We were asked to give it to you. Would you like us to leave you to read it in private?"
Erika took the letter and glanced at Lorie who was biting her bottom lip in nervousness. "What do you want to do, Lorie?" she asked.
"Open it," Lorie replied. "I want Kate, Reid, Sassy and Jennifer to hear everything. What affects us is important to them too." She watched as Erika slit the envelope open and took out the pages of handwritten notebook paper."
"It's Mom's writing," Erika whispered. "I recognize her style."
 She began to read while Lorie watched over her shoulder.
"Oh. my God," Erika exclaimed as she reached the end of the first page and passed it to Lorie who, in turn, placed it on the table for everyone to see.
"She was there all the time," Erika continued. "Apparently Peter wanted her to sign the rights of the commune over to him but she refused to do it. It was, and those were her own words, a stalemate..." She pointed to the third paragraph of the sheet on the table.
"I don't understand," Lorie gasped as she read the page through to herself. "What are these rights she's talking about?"
"Here it is," Erika said in a hushed voice. "I'll read it out..."
The truth is, old Matthew who died a few years ago before Peter became the commune's leader was your grandfather who started the original commune back on 1974. I was eleven at the time and remember how it all began. Mom had died and Dad's idea was to have a Kibbutz type commune and invite young mothers, homeless people and others to join. It wasn't even a religious based commune. That only came later but I'll tell you the full story when we meet again. Erika and Lorie, if you are reading this I'm sure we will meet again. I cannot be held forever and, fortunately Peter and his cohorts need me alive...
 "The bastards," Lorie whispered. "How dare they keep Mom a prisoner and tell us she'd died."
Erika continued to read from the letter.  Dad was an astute businessman. He was very keen on community property and the ideals of everyone sharing their material processions but he was also a realist and kept many of his personal finances separate from that of the commune, hence the house in Spokane, I hope by now has been transferred to your names. If not..." Erika read ahead silently and glanced up. "She just included the lawyer's a name here..."
"Go on," Lorie snapped impatiently. "What did our grandfather do?"
Erika turned to the third page and read it silently before glancing up. "He owned the whole farm and commune property that he had in a trust for all ELF members to use and share but there was a time limit. It was a loan rather than outright gift."
"Interesting," Reid breathed.
Erika glanced around at the attentive group before switching her eyes back to the document. "The original contract expired last year and reverted to become our family's personal property. Unless, Mom agreed to extend the loan, which she obviously didn't do, the original contract expired and the commune's use of the buildings and farm also ended."
"Okay, so what?" Lorie asked
"The whole commune belongs to Mom and us, one third each," Erika whispered. "If Mom never extended the loan the commune had until mid year to move out." 
"And that's about now," Reid grunted.
"Anything else?" Kate asked.
 "Not really," Erika said. "Mom did not know what was happening and could only guess about any outcome and asked us to speak to the lawyer she addressed the other letter to." Her hand shook as she read the last bit. "Poor Mom," she sniffed. "This last paragraph is quite heart rendering. I don't think she really thought she would get out."
If you get this letter too late and Peter and the others succeed in getting the title for the commune, please forgive me, Sweethearts. I've tried so hard to protect what is yours. I hope you have the house to live in and have a wonderful life. I guess Lorie is not the little girl any longer and you, Erika are a woman. If you haven't already, please leave the commune. Evil people who are using the façade of a religious cult for their own mean to poison it. I love you both dearly, and beg your forgiveness for having failed you...Your loving Mom, Always. Jane Somerville.
 Erika sighed and placed the last page on the table. "It was dated only last month," she whispered.
"Where is she?" Lorie shouted. "We have this letter but where is she?"
"Probably with the rest of the commune up in Canada," Reid said.
"Or they killed her!" Lorie cried. Her eyes stared around and lower lip quivered beneath her pale face,
"No, I don't think so," Reid replied. "If they were going to do that, they'd have done it months ago. Your mother knows even more about them than she is saying here, something that protects her from them."
"Like what?" Erika also looked apprehensive.
"I don't know," Reid replied, but whatever it is..."
He stopped when the telephone rang and everyone swung around as Kate went across and answered it. She talked for a moment before thanking the caller and turning to the others.
"That Russian plane used by the commune has been traced by satellite and landed somewhere in north-eastern Alberta." 
"Somewhere?" Erika queried.
"Well it seems the destination was not near Fort McMurray after all. The airplane flew east of the reconnaissance area the satellite was covering. They have to either wait for the satellite to do another orbit or switch to one of those long-range stationary satellites but these don't give such a high intensive image.
"But haven't they picked up other contacts?" Reid asked. "I mean radio, phone or email messages."
"That's it," Kate answered. "Since they've flown out of the satellite's range, there's been no news what-so-ever. It seems that they are purposely trying to avoid contact with the outside world. The only thing they know is that the aircraft is not now flying. It must have landed on a remote lake somewhere." She gave a slight smile. "We're reassured that as soon as it takes to the air again there will be an immediate trace. Earth bound military early warning systems as well as tracking satellites are all alerted to keep a surveillance of the area. It's only a matter of time."
"But what about Mom?" howled Lorie and tears, that had just been beneath the surface for the previous half hour, burst from her eyes and slid down her cheeks. "She mightn't have any time. We have to go and find her!"
*

CHAPTER 18
Though it was just after five in the morning, the sun was already climbing the sky east of Dawson Creek, a small city in British Columbia eight hundred kilometres north of Spokane. The three Canadair CL-215 amphibian aircraft that flew in a loose formation over the mountains and endless forests all had bright orange tails but two carried the words Canadian Armed Forces in two languages and maple leaf ringlets on their fuselages. The third, flying slightly above and behind the military craft supported the now familiar timber wolf on its tail.
"You're lucky we're north of the border otherwise you wouldn't be here," Kate said to the three teenage girls crowded behind the pilot's seat.
"Why?" asked Sassy. She flushed a little when the co-pilot, Andy Hadfield, caught her eye.
"Well, the FBI would have used their own aircraft and not chartered us to fly them to the commune," Kate explained. "These are great airplanes but cost a mint to run. We could never have afforded to fly up here ourselves."
"And it's lucky we have a charter license to fly to Canadian destinations," Andy added. "I have a funny feeling the food and other supplies we have aboard will be appreciated by the commune."
 There were three other passengers aboard. Reid and Erika sat in the main cabin chatting with Ralph Yates, the FBI agent sent by Parnell Rodriguez to accompany them. In only three days this small force had been organized. Satellite records had traced back Peter Littlejohn's flight in the SH-5 flying boat to an entirely different lake from that where the commune's northern outpost had been started. Darkwater Lake, a mere dot on the map east of Dawson Creek on the Alberta side of the provincial border was one of hundreds that covered this vast remote interior. A land of snow and ice in winter, during the brief summer season the waters melted and turned to swamps, lakes and rivers festooned with swarms of insects. It was a hostile land, largely roadless, that stretched north to the arctic in the world's second largest wilderness. The large-scale map of the area showed this lake as being half the size of Eagle's Claw Lake and completely surrounded by dense fir forests. Nothing on the map indicated any cleared land or buildings. However, an enhanced satellite photograph taken only hours before showed a small clearing in the northern corner with two buildings and jetty tucked in between the trees. 
The three airplanes droned northeast for almost an hour before Kate's radio crackled into life and a male voice informed her they'd be reaching their destination in ten minutes. In their agreed plan, their CL 215 would land after the military craft and stay away from shore until an all- clear was given. No radio contact had been made with the commune members and it was only the satellite photographs that proved anyone was even there. Twenty or more minute dots on the image had been enhanced to show a group of people assembled in front of a rectangular building.
It was a stressful time and Lorie, in particular, was nervous with the thought that her mother could be below and she'd see her face to face.
"Will Mom recognize me?" she whispered to Erika. "I was a mere kid when I last remember seeing her. I'd have only been about twelve but I remember her as if it was yesterday."
Erika smiled. "I'm sure she will," she replied. "You're a young woman now, Lorie but your face is the same, not as chubby maybe..."
"I was a bit of a pudgy, wasn't I?" Lorie added. She stared out the porthole at the endless forests as their airplane lost altitude. "God, what a desolate area. It's as if the world is just trees and rivers that just go on forever. I'd hate to crash here. Imagine what it would be like in winter?"
Erika nodded, reached out, squeezed Lorie's hand and smiled. "Everything will be fine," she whispered. "I'm sure it will be."
*
Jane stopped and stared across the narrow lake at the opposite fir trees. Something was wrong! She had been following the shoreline for hours but had found nothing. There was no commune, cleared space or any signs of another living sole. Ahead, the tiny beach she had been walking along came to a sudden halt. Firs ahead grew right down to the lake, so close, their lower limbs hung over the water. She glanced glumly around and found a small clump of grass to sit on. Even though, she'd tried to keep fit in her prison, her limbs were stiff and sore. Small gnats hovered everywhere and her stomach was so empty she felt nauseated.
"Oh hell!" she muttered and glanced back at her footprints in the sand. It was obvious she had come the wrong way, or had she? The theory she originally had was wrong, that was for sure, so she tried to think of a rational plan. Just going back might not help. Perhaps she had come down a different hillside and this was a completely different lake. 
 "Choices, Jane," she muttered to herself, a habit she had formed after her months of confinement. "I can go back but it'll probably be dark before I reach the position where I came to the lake. " 
She smiled just a fraction. The precaution she'd taken of tying a strip of material on a log might prove to be a lifesaver after all. She stretched her legs out, gently massaged her calf muscles and rejected the idea of climbing the hill behind her. There was no guarantee she would reach a clearing and the possibility of being lost in endless trees sent shivers up her back.
God she was hungry! Also, now she'd stopped moving it was becoming cool, almost cold. Her clothes coped at the moment but when the shadows turned to darkness in a couple of hours she could be in trouble.
Jane stood and walked as far as she could out to a tiny rocky point and studied the shore ahead. Beyond this steep section was another narrow beach. The thought of going back was depressing so she decided to continue on. If nothing happened she would have to find shelter, spend the night in the forest and trace her steps back. Once the decision was made she felt a little better. At least there was water to drink. She cupped a little in her hands, drank the crisp liquid and headed into the trees.
 The climb wasn't difficult and, by staying on the upside of the tree trunks, she made slow progress until a beach again appeared below. Jane almost slid down and heaved in relief when she was back on level ground. However, there was now another obstacle. A stream was tumbling into the lake and would have to be crossed. It looked wide and shallow and her shoes were already damp so she plunged forward. Freezing water gripped her legs almost as high as her knees and the stones beneath were slippery. However, she forced herself to be calm and careful. 
My God, she'd dreamed of being free and now she was. Free but utterly alone in the middle of a stream that ran into a lake that could be a million kilometres from civilization. She stepped forward, noted that there was quite a strong current, and wriggled her foot to make it secure before moving her other leg forward. In this way, Jane made her way methodically to the bank and another strip of coarse sand along the lake.
 After about fifty meters she walked around a ninety-degree bend and gasped. The lake was wider here and looked familiar. Perhaps she had walked right around and the commune was ahead. With this renewed hope, she stepped forward and ignored her squelching shoes.
*
With no watch, it was impossible to tell how long she walked along the lonely shore. The lake became wider still and the beach changed direction towards the setting sun. When she moved out of the shade the sunlight made her blink but the higher temperature was welcome. Her body, though, began to protest again, with back pains and sore shoulders adding to the stiff leg muscles.
 She plodded on.
Time slipped by and the shadows returned as the sun sank below the distant mountains. The mountains! Jane gasped, wiped a grubby hand across her brow and stared at their silhouette. They looked familiar, too. She sighed. No they weren't! The jagged sections were not as she remembered the mountains north of the commune at Eagle's Claw Lake. 
Oh damn! The beach ran out. There was another headland to cross. Jane sighed and headed up into the trees. But this was different. There was a trail to follow, grass had been flattened and, Oh My God, footprints!
 The relieved woman quickened her pace and followed a steep incline. The sky, now a pale blue was ahead. After a steep climb that left her gasping for breath she found herself on a tiny ridge with views in both directions. Behind was the beach she'd walked along but it was the view ahead that excited her.
 Below her, sitting on the edge of the lake was a cabin. A small wooden jetty stretched out over the water behind it several pieces of junk and litter lay scattered around. The place looked as if it was in use but no people or animals could be heard or seen.
"Hello!" Jane screamed with unhidden relief in her voice. "Is anyone there?"
She broke into a stumbling run down the wide path that led to a wooden walkway between the jetty to the front of the building.
*
When it appeared, Darkwater Lake looked similar to but smaller than Eagle's Claws Lake with a crescent shaped strip of water surrounded by fir forest stretching away in every direction.
 When asked by the pilot of the leading armed forces plane, Kate brought her CL-215 down well back from the other craft and taxied along until they were about close to a strip of shingle in front of the dense forest.
"We have to wait here until the military do their thing," she explained when Lorie asked why they weren't going straight to the commune. "They don't want civilians getting in the way." She smiled at the girls who were again crowded into the cockpit. "You can help Reid take a mooring line and tie it on something ashore. He's probably got the rubber dinghy launched by now."
"Okay," Sassy replied and grabbed Lorie's arm. "Come on," she said, "Mooching in here won't help."
Her voice suddenly became loud as Kate killed engines and the roar reduced to a faint throb of the propellers slowing down. Seconds later, though, a smaller high-pitched engine kicked into life through the opened cockpit window.
"Who's coming?" a voice yelled and the girls saw a bright yellow dinghy idling beside the forward hatch. Reid sat with a cloud of exhaust fumes from the outboard motor surrounding him. 
The girls grinned at each other, all shouted, "Wait for me!" in unison and evacuated the cockpit in a burst of enthusiasm.
"Where do they get their energy from?" Andy chuckled as he switched off some of the instruments and removed his headphones. "One minute they look completely exhausted and the next they're ready to go and save the world."
Kate grinned. "Yes," she said. "I think they have years of unused energy bottled up inside them wanting to get out. I admit I have trouble trying to keep up at times."
The two pilots watched as Reid's dinghy, now loaded with four passengers, circled around to the bow of the amphibian. He tied a rope to a hook and headed to shore. The girls, and not caring that water splashed everywhere, jumped ashore and grabbed their end of the rope.
A few moments later, the CL-215 was floating so close in; one wing was over the shingle beach.
"What a bunch of nerds," Jennifer commented as Erika, followed by the other women, stepped daintily ashore without even getting her feet wet. Andy and Ralph remained aboard to monitor any incoming radio messages.
*
It was now a time to explore their small landing area. They had landed on the western shore so the morning sun bathed them in sunlight. The temperature was still cool, though, and the lake water freezing. Ancient firs, untrimmed and matted together towered above them, looking impregnable and unfriendly.
"I see how this lake got its name," Kate muttered. "That water on the opposite shore looks almost black."
"Yes," Reid replied. "It's pretty deep, I'd say. Even here it goes straight down."
"Desolate," Kate shivered. "I can't say I like it very much. At least Eagle's Claw Lake has personality. This is like the end of the world, all dark colours and so quiet. And this is summer. Imagine the place in winter."
"Yeah," Reid replied. "It would be thirty below." He slapped at insects circling around and tucked an arm around Kate's shoulders. "I can't see a commune even surviving the winter here, let alone being able to become self sufficient. I doubt if much can grow. The growing season would only be a few weeks, if that."
"Perhaps that was the idea," Kate whispered. She stared up the beach and saw Erika and the girls were out of earshot.
"What do you mean?" Reid replied.
"Well, there was their foiled mass suicide. Now, if the commune members were just left here and never survived the winter, wouldn't Canadian authorities just put it down to an unfortunate accident of foolish outsiders trying to handle the sever conditions?"
"I see what you mean," Reid replied. "Twenty years back without the sophisticated satellite tracking they'd have never been found. Years could have gone by before anybody even found any remains."
They watched as the others returned from a brief exploration of the shore. 
"There's no way out," Erika commented. "The beach just fizzles out and then there's just trees. I guess we could walk through them, if necessary, but I wouldn't like to do it."
*
At the other end of the lake, two-dozen troops in full camouflaged fatigues were finding the thick forest a real hindrance. Low boughs caught on their uniforms while backpacks and rifles had to be held close as the men and two women circled around the rear of the commune buildings. They were the advance party whose orders were to surround the buildings.
The lieutenant in charge grunted as another branch swung across and struck his arm. "If they wanted a prison, they came to the right place," he snorted to the sergeant beside him. "It's taken us half an hour to go less than a hundred meters."
 "But we've made it, Sir," came the reply. "There's a clearing ahead."
"Right. We'll fan out then. Remember, nobody is to move out of the trees until the signal, then we all go in together."
 Within ten minutes the boundaries were sealed and a brief radio message informed them the boats were waiting beside the two CL-215s for an all-clear.
Their caution, though, was unnecessary as commune members were gathered on the jetty. No weapons were evident and the men in the group were conspicuous by their small numbers as they stood in a line behind the women dressed, as usual, in red tartan skirts and white blouses. Expressions on everyone's faces were of relief rather than fear and even, when the troops sprung out from the trees with rifles ready, the commune members merely waited.
"I am Lieutenant Norman Shelton of the Canadian Armed Forces," the officer snapped. "If any of you have arms they are to be placed on the ground. Who is in charge here?"
A woman in her forties glanced at her companions and stepped forward. "You're too late, Lieutenant. The leaders have gone. We have no weapons and no wish to fight you."
Shelton frowned and looked almost surprised. "If this is a trick, Madam and you are hiding your leaders..." he warned.
"I am the leader, I guess" the woman replied. " My name is Annette Bulmer," She gave almost a shy smile.
"Where are the others?" Shelton asked. "We have a list of people we wish to interview."
"You're too late," a second woman answered." They abandoned us, Lieutenant Shelton. We have no communications equipment and only enough food for a month. Everything else has gone."
"We were left to perish here, Lieutenant," Annette continued. "I don't know how you found us but, by the grace of God, you are the answer to our prayers."
 Shelton frowned and turned to his sergeant. "Send a detail to search the buildings and remain on full alert. The so called leaders here are known criminals and highly dangerous."
"Yes, Sir," came the crisp reply. The sergeant gave a brief wave to the encircled troops and half moved cautiously towards the two buildings while the others stood on full alert covering them. Unseen, another ten troops were still hidden in the trees and ready for any unexpected counter moves.
 It took thirty minutes before the sergeant reported the buildings were empty and secure. There was no evidence of explosives or booby traps.
 Shelton nodded. If his sergeant said the buildings were clear they would be. These were crack anti-terrorist troops used to operating in inner city high-rise buildings and left nothing to chance. 
"Give the all-clear, Sergeant," he ordered and turned to Annette. "We have brought supplies for you Ma'am; food, clothing and other materials. Tell your people they are free to carry on with whatever they were doing and we apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused."
 Annette merely nodded. "Your precautions were justified, Lieutenant Shelton," she said in a serious voice. "If Peter and the other were here, I'm am sure there would have been almost fanatical resistance and lives would have certainly been lost."
*
As the Timber Wolf Air amphibian was loaded with the bulk of the supplies, it was guided into the jetty while the two Canadian Armed Forces CL-215s anchored off shore.
Erika waited by the forward hatch as the gangplank was lowered and surveyed the sea of faces waiting to on the jetty. Nearly all were familiar but there was no sign of her mother. She tried to hide disappointment from her eyes, as she knew Lorie was watching. "Come on," she said and stepped off the amphibian to where Annette Bulmer waited.
"You're looking well, Erika" the new commune leader said and turned to the girls. "And Lorie, Jennifer and Sassy. My, I'm sure you've all grown. How are you all?"
"Is Mom here?" Lorie spurted out.
Annette frowned. "What do you know about her?"
"Just that her death was a lie," Erika said. "We heard she was held beneath the administration block as a prisoner."
Annette's surprise looked genuine. "She was?" she whispered. "I didn't know. "
"So she's not here," Lorie gasped.
"I'm sorry, Lorie," Annette replied, "She isn't but may have been."
"What do you mean?" Erika retorted. She tucked an arm around her sister's shaking shoulders.
"The flying boat we came here in had two cabins. We were all in the main one and never had access to the forward one. Peter and the others kept going back and forth. We were sure others were at the front and thought it was the prisoners. It was only later we found out they had escaped back at Eagle's Claw Lake. Your mother could have been in the airplane without our knowledge."
"So where is she now?" Lorie demanded. Again her eyes were wide in frustration and worry.
"If she was in the airplane, she would have been on board when the leaders flew out."
"Couldn't she be in a cell here?" Lorie persisted.
"There aren't any cells, Lorie," Annette replied. "Only the two buildings you see and three small implement sheds that house a generator and pumps. I'm sorry, dear, but if your Mom was here, we'd know." She grimaced and glanced around. "As you can see, we are surrounded by forest. If your mother is alive she must be either in the plane with Peter or still back at Eagle's Claw."
"She isn't there!" Lorie retorted. "We searched. Oh hell!" She turned to Erika. "We came all this way for nothing!"
"Possibly," Erika replied and squeezed Lorie's hand. "But don't give up, yet. I doubt if the flying boat will get far. You never know, she may be sitting in a warm airport terminal somewhere worrying about us."
"Yeah, and pigs might fly," Lorie snorted. She swallowed, brushed away tears before they formed and strutted off the jetty.
"We'll look after her, Erika," Jennifer said quietly and, with Sassy, ran after Lorie while Erika turned to Annette. "So how is everyone here?" she asked and turned the conversation to wider issues in an unsuccessful attempt to hide her own frustration. 
*

CHAPTER 19
The door of the cabin was unlocked so Jane pushed it open and stepped inside. Though she continued to call out there was no response. The room, though clean, had the slightly musty smell of one that had been shut up, curtains were drawn and the furniture pushed back along the walls.
Jane turned on a light switch but when nothing happened it didn't really surprise her. By the look of the fittings the cabin was supplied with electricity from somewhere so, the chances were, a generator would be somewhere around. The kitchen, though, made her smile. The cupboards were filled with supplies; cans of food, packets of dried milk, coffee, baking materials, a box of vegetables, another box of apples and other fruit all crammed on every available shelf. Another box contained cans of dog food. It looked as the people who stayed here had recently restocked. Perhaps it was a weekend hunter who stocked up for the summer and would arrive back by floatplane. 
Jane grimaced. She had no idea what day of the week it was!
Further searching found the bedrooms had been in use with a man's clothes filling one wardrobe. The beds were made but the sheets and appeared ruffled and used. There was, though, no note or indication where the owner might be or how long he had gone. She hunted around for a cell phone or radio, found none but, on the positive side, found the generator in a tiny cellar and a tank almost fill with fuel oil. The starter batteries worked and after a couple of splutters, it burst into live and all the lights came on.
Jane's conflicting emotions turned from jubilation to disappointment then hope as she took stock of the situation. She was safe, now had food and someone would be returning at some stage. Her immediate safety was assured and it seemed unlikely that the occupier was connected to the commune.
"Well, Mister," she said as she walked back into the kitchen. "I'm sure the wilderness hospitality works out here and you won't mind me making myself at home."
First she had to eat, and then get herself dry, warm and clean. She grabbed an apple to munch, sat down, took off her wet shoes and socks and sat back for a moment to relieve aching bones. Her intentions were to cook a hot meal but now the pressure was off, she succumbed to weariness and drifted asleep.
*
Jane jerked awake to find lights blazing and a chill in the air. It was dark outside the two windows where she had pulled back the curtains. The outside door was ajar and moths fluttered around the light bulbs. She must have been asleep for hours!
She stretched, stood up and called out but again there was no reply. The outside darkness, though, made her confidence wane as she almost crept to the door and stared out. There was only the faint lapping sound of water slapping the jetty and a sigh of wind in the trees. A million stars shone overhead in, what must be a cloudless sky. Straight ahead it was black and Jane guessed that was a hill beyond the lake.
 She was used to being alone but this expanse of wilderness made her suddenly afraid. This was so different from the months of being confined in a cell; her heart suddenly pounded and perspiration soaked her back. Her hands became damp and she began to feel faint. Agoraphobia, the fear of open spaces, seized her. She gasped, slammed the door and found a latch to click across. In a state of panic, she crossed the room and pulled curtains across then ran through a small corridor to a back door but this was already shut and bolted.
 For a minute she stood holding the kitchen doorframe and gasped for breath like an asthmatic with eyes darting everywhere and ears attune to every sound. But the sounds were friendly and helped. She knew the swishing noise was the wind in the trees, the faint chopping sound, water outside but what was the gurgling noise? Jane stared around. It was coming from the kitchen!
She forced herself to become rational. She was safe, probably far safer than she'd been for months. If she hadn't found this cabin she'd be in the pitch-black forest now, without food. Food! God she was still hungry. She stared across the room, laughed and her fears evaporated almost as quickly as they arrived. There on the mat was the half-eaten apple she was munching when she fell asleep.
Jane swallowed and walked through to the kitchen. The gurgling sound came from a tank next to a wood stove. She reached forward and touched it. The pipe was hot. My God, she had hot water and it was water bubbling in pipes.
Emotions changed again, fear changed to exhilaration and, seconds later settled back to a guarded confidence. She even smiled and openly laughed when she found another sign of civilization. Above a corner shelf was a wall clock, one of those battery driven ones and it was going. The time said five to eleven. It was late but somehow the knowledge that it wasn't yet midnight made her feel even more secure.
 She plucked up more courage and walked around the house, checked window latches and turned off lights in the two rooms she wasn't using. Next she returned to the kitchen and found a pile of dry wood beside the stove and a box of matches waiting to be used. Moments later she had the small fire blazing away and two saucepans bubbling on top. One contained vegetables and the other the contents from a can of beef stew.
 After a delicious meal and a hot shower, Jane went into one of the small loft bedrooms, found a bunk and, just dressed in underclothes, crawled in under warm blankets and again dropped asleep. She never even noticed when, at midnight, the generator switched off and the cabin plunged into darkness.
*
Reid glanced up at Kate and sighed. "How many more patients are there," he asked. "Everyone here seems to suffer from some sort of complaint."
"You've done wonders, Reid," she replied  "There're only two more, another woman who is running a high temperature and is covered in that rash that swept through the commune and a young guy who tried to fix his own cut arm and it's turned septic."
"Okay." Reid smiled. "Send the man in first. The woman can be given the usual antibiotic injection. You can do that."
"Me!" Kate gasped. "I'm a pilot, not one of your underlings."
"But you're learning fast," Reid complimented. "I'd have asked Erika to help but she looks stressed out and the girls are a little young."
  In a little over two hours Reid had seen close to forty commune members whose medical problems ranged from bruises and cuts, to one young woman in an advanced stage of pregnancy. Most common though was a variety of virus that lead to the victims haven't an itchy body rash, high temperature and throbbing headache. The stress and worry the members had gone through had not helped this.
 The pair had learned that Annette and three other older members who had been voted in as the new leaders after being abandoned by the elders had worked tirelessly trying to help the ill ones but medical supplies had run low and commune rules forbade artificial stimulants. It was only after a great deal of persuasion that Reid had convinced most commune members the drugs he prescribed would be helpful. As it was, several of the older women still refused any medical help except warm water and clean bandages.
"So what happened to you?" Reid asked the man in his early twenties as he unwrapped a grubby bandage on his arm to show a long wound that was purple and swollen.
"My name's Cooney," came the reply and a free hand was held out to shake Reid's. "I had a bit of a disagreement with Peter. The bastard hit me with one of those whips."
"And..." Reid asked.
"I was trying to get him to take everyone on the flying boat and, at least drop us off near a town." Cooney grimaced as Reid pulled the last piece of bandage away and began to clean the wound. "He said I could go with him but all those not of the inner circle were sinners who had to prove their worth by surviving here. It was God's orders."
"But you didn't believe him?" Kate said in a quiet voice.
"No," Cooney replied. "Most of us have seen through his deceit for months now. After the girls escaped, everything came to a head and attempts to reform the commune really split us into two camps." He glanced at Kate. "You saw how those women were treated back at Eagle's Claw Lake, didn't you?"
 Kate and Reid both nodded. 
"In my eyes, they were the brave ones who spoke up. Others agreed with them, and I guess I was one, but were too scared to act."
"I see and what of the commune members we have here, now."
"Most see things as Annette and I do. The few who are still trying to cling to the original ideals are disillusioned but stubborn. Even they, though, realize we can't stay here once summer is over. Before you came, we had no alternative so their ideas still influenced many but now..." he shrugged. "I don't know."
"So that is why were having a meeting in an hour," Kate said. "The police officers will explain what it will be like here in winter and you will all be given a choice of staying or returning to Eagle's Claw Lake."
"But nothing is there," Cooney said. "The place has been razed to the ground. It was aflame as we left..."
"Only the administration block was destroyed," Reid said. "Everything else is fine. The women and children there are being protected by local police officers and FBI agents."
"Oh hell," Cooney gasped and stared, wide-eyed at Reid. "If that's true, we've been fed more lies. We were told the women were all taken off to a remand prison and the children forcibly removed, separated and placed in foster homes throughout the state. That's why many of the mothers here are so distressed. They think they'll never see their children again."
"Well," Kate added grimly. "We'll just have to set that record straight, won't we?"
"But what about Jane Somerville?" Reid added. "Annette told us she hasn't been seen here but could be in the flying boat."
"Annette is one of the real genuine ones we have," Cooney replied. "She and the other women we voted as our new leaders were all that kept us going over the last few days. She never gave up and..."
"...So Jane has never been seen?" Kate interrupted.
"Not as far as I know," Cooney replied. "I'm sure if she was here, Annette would know. We all heard the rumour Jane was still alive but that is all."
Kate glanced at Reid and grimaced. Everyone else they'd spoken to had given a similar reply. Perhaps Erika and Lorie had built their hopes too high.
*
The massive HAMC PS-5 flying boat was of Chinese, not Russian manufacture and had been sold to Aeroflot, the Soviet Union's only state airline three decades earlier for service north of Vladivostok. After the collapse of the communist regime, the aircraft had sat for months in an abandoned base on the shores of the Sea of Japan before being sold to a Columbian syndicate. It, however, was too large and conspicuous for smuggling drugs north to United States so was sold to The ELF Commune, complete with Canadian registration on condition that Peter forwarded the load of drugs aboard to a Seattle syndicate after it was delivered.
After leaving Darkwater Lake, Peter and his inner team had spent several days hiding out at another remote lake in the comparative luxury of an upmarket hunter's lodge owned by Canadian business people who used the retreat for just about everything except hunting. Now, though, the last stage of their plan was in action and the PS-5 was on a flight west over British Columbia 
Suddenly, the pilot swore and turned to Peter beside him. "The Canadian military air control want to know our identification and flight destination," he muttered. "What do I reply?"
"Damn!" Peter snorted. "I thought that by staying low and following the mountain passes we would avoid being picked up on radar." 
He thought for a moment and considered another bluff. However, this was stretching their luck just that little bit too far. "Ignore them and head west to one of the remote lakes. There must be dozens to pick from. We'll sit out the night and fly over to Vancouver Island in the morning."
His intention was to refuel on the western shores of the island at a remote lumber camp where he had connections and head south over international waters to Central America. The phase of his life as prophet and leader of the religious commune was over. The members he'd abandoned at Darkwater Lake could rot in hell as far as he was concerned. Everything of value was in this aircraft behind him right now. Turning the members' cash to gold bullion over the previous two years had been a brilliant idea.
 He grunted. Perhaps it had turned out okay after all. The mass suicide would have created worldwide publicity but the movement of a small commune to Canada was not news and would be hardly mentioned in the media. Of course, his identity would need to be changed again but that was a minor inconvenience.
His thoughts were interrupted when the pilot frowned at another incoming call. "This is a last request, he said.
"Ignore it!" Peter snapped. "Drop lower between the mountains and find that lake."
"You're the boss," the pilot shrugged but looked worried.
*
Eight minutes later, four CF-18 Hornet attack jets appeared from out of nowhere and surrounded the flying boat. Peter could clearly see the blue and red maple leaf ringlets on the fuselages. The pilot paled and clicked a switch so an incoming voice filled the cockpit.
"This is the Canadian Armed Forces. You are directed to head for Prince George and land. The coordinates are..."
"Shit!" Peter snarled. "What if we continue to ignore them?" 
"I wouldn't advise it,' the pilot replied. "The Canadians are pretty ruthless and have had to contend with aircraft smuggling Asians in from the Pacific. We'll get one more warning and they'll shoot us down."
The warning came, all right!
 The fighters peeled away but seconds later there was an enormous hiss of a rocket and the area in front of the windscreen exploded into a ball of orange flames. The flying boat shuttered as superheated air buffeted it. Seconds later, a Hornet screamed over and circled up until it was a mere vapour trail in the sky.
"Unless you respond by radio and alter course to Prince George, the next rocket will hit your starboard engines," a crisp voice came through the radio speakers.  "We cannot guarantee that your aircraft will be survive this attack."
"Acknowledge and change course," Peter barked but his scheming mind was already forming another plan. After all, they were flying a Canadian registered airplane. They could be held for failing to file a flight plan but little else.
*
When the PS-5 lumbered into a Prince George military airfield, a dozen armed personnel carriers immediately surrounded it. Troops, in full combat gear, fanned out in a circle with weapons directed at the aircraft.
Peter gulped and attempted a smile at Francis, Carmel, John, David and the others of his inner circle. He stepped out with his arms extended wide and was immediately seized and forced to the ground. 
A man in civilian clothes walked up and stared down at him. "I am Inspector Jack DeHaven of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police," he said in a cold voice. "Your aircraft and all the cargo aboard are hereby seized by the Canadian Federal Government. You, Peter Thomas Littlejohn, also known as Jonathan Samuel Griety, are under arrest on a multiple of charges including the illegal flying of aliens into Canada and attempting to smuggle gold bullion over international borders. As well, the states of Washington, California and Montana are seeking extradition rights against you to answer warrants in their territories." DeHaven turned to a uniformed police officer standing beside him. "Handcuff him, Constable," he snapped.
"Yes, Sir," the young woman replied and clapped cold steel around Peter's wrists.
Across the tarmac, Carmel, Francis and the others were all suffering a similar indignity as RCMP officers and the Canadian Armed Services men and women carried out their duties.  
 Jack DeHaven grunted and watched as a police van drove in through the outer cordon and the passengers from the HAMC PS-5 hustled aboard. The operation was a success but Jane Somerville was not aboard.  He was sure, though, it would only be a matter of time before she was found. This part of the operation was over. Now he'd take an airplane across to that lake in Alberta. He'd been kept fully informed on what was happening there but wanted to see the situation for himself
*
It was late afternoon when the floatplane glided in over the fir forests, landed on Darkwater Lake and taxied up across the jetty from where the Timber Wolf Air CL-215 was moored. The two military amphibians had returned to their base with most of the troops, except a small rear guard platoon that had set up a row of tents along the shoreline. 
Jack stepped ashore and was met by Ralph and a small contingent of people including the two Somerville sisters. He walked across and reached our to shake their hands. "I'm sorry," he said quietly. "As no doubt you know, we arrested Peter Littlejohn and confiscated his aircraft. Unfortunately, your mother wasn't aboard. Are you quite certain she isn't here somewhere?"
"Look around, Inspector," Erika replied. "Except for this small cleared area, there are only fir trees. None of the locals have seen her here, on the airplane or at Eagle's Claw Lake."
"I do have some news," DeHaven replied. "One of the arrested women, you'd know her as Sister Carmel, squealed like a pig when she thought we'd place a murder rap on her shoulders. She insisted they brought Jane out of the cave before the administration block was set alight. It seems they doped and left her in one of the sheds near the jetty, She doesn't know what happened after that as everything was in a bit of a panic when they were all ordered onto the flying boat."
"So we know no more," Erika replied. "Mom might have been put on the airplane, but what of the time gap from between when they left here and were forced down at Prince George?"
"They stayed at a hunting lodge east of here, one of those flash outfits executives use as a retreat for conferences and so forth. Like here, the only access is by float plane."
"That could be it?" Lorie interrupted. "She could have escaped from the plane and be there all by herself."
"Could be," DeHaven replied. "But I would imagine there would be permanent staff living there. We have a plane flying in right now in another surprise raid. As soon as we hear anything we'll tell you."
"Thank you, Inspector," Erika replied. "I realize you're doing all you can and it is appreciated."
"So where is everyone else?" Jack asked and gazed at the empty clearing around the buildings.
"There's a commune meeting," Reid replied. "They're having a closed session to discuss and vote on what they want to do. We told them the children and the other women were safe back at Eagle's Lake but Lieutenant Shelton who's in charge of the troops here hasn't told them about the SH-5 being forced down and all those aboard arrested. He is waiting for further orders."
"A wise precaution," DeHaven grunted. He gazed around. "Desolate, isn't it?" he added and nodded to two police officers standing beside him. "Guard the jetty and let nobody near either airplane," he ordered.
"There're already guards posted," Ralph assured. "Lieutenant Shelton is very thorough. I doubt if he'd trust his grandmother to do the family cooking."
"And so it should be," the inspector retorted. "Okay, while they're having their meeting you can show me around. Afterwards, I want to interview the remaining leaders. There are still many loose ends to tie up."
Flanked by his staff, he strutted off the jetty followed by Erika and her friends.  Reid slipped back to tuck an arm around Lorie.
He caught her sad eyes. "It hasn't really been bad news," he said quietly. "Nothing found out so far has shown your Mom to be hurt.
"I guess," Lorie replied. "But if she is safe, why hasn't she contacted us? The police here or at home would pass on any message, wouldn't they?"
Reid nodded but looked no more confident than herself.
*

CHAPTER 20
Annette Bulmer sighed and gazed at the commune members. What seemed to be a logical choice was turning out to be a long drawn out argument with the final vote showing twenty-three members wanted to stay at Darkwater and continue the commune along the same lines as at Eagle's Claw Lake.
She coughed after the secret votes had been counted and waited for the mumbles to drop.
"Okay," she said. "We've discussed everything, the terrible conditions expected in winter, the lack of time to establish a farm, if indeed one will even be functional here and what we'd be going back to."
"But our ELF commune has been violated," Sister Marionette, who refused to be called anything else, argued. "The animals have been sold to the Native Americans and everything is owned by the Somerville sisters and their mother, if she is still alive." She swung her head around defiantly to glance at the congregation. "I don't believe she was even held prisoner nor that Peter has deserted us."
"Yes," added one of her supporters, an elderly woman in her sixties, "It is the devil at work. We have only the Canadians' word of what happened. Peter said he would return with implements and supplies. God will protect us. We have to overcome these adversities and pray for guidance."
"We did and the Canadian forces found us," Annette replied quietly. "That was a miracle, Mary." Her eyes bore into the women. "We don't expect you to change but we cannot leave just a score of you here, alone. Come back to Eagle's Claw Lake and there, you can set up a separate commune if you don't like our changes."
"But it is not ours," Sister Marionette retorted. "What's to stop the Somerville sisters from selling everything? They are, after all, heretics who chose to abandoned the Real Way."
"Come off it, Marionette," an angry male voice sounded from the rear of the room. "Imagine where we'd be now if they and their friends hadn't decided to help us."
"They're sinners," Mary whispered.
Annette glowered. They were getting nowhere. "I propose the motion that, as Peter and the elders are not present, the decision of two thirds of our congregation here today is binding to us all, as set out in our original constitution," she stated in a quiet voice.
"You can't!" screamed Sister Marionette, her eyes angry and desperate.
"I second the motion," the same male voice came from the back, "I also wish to add the amendment that if this motion is passed, those opposed are forcibly taken back to Eagle's Claw Lake and released there to do as they wish."
The room erupted into mutters, rumblings and even angry shouts but finally Annette restored order, the amendment was passed and attached to the original motion. In the final vote only twelve opposed and another ten abstained.
"It has been passed," Annette announced. "I shall tell the authorities here, we would all like transport back home. Will you please begin packing your possessions?"
She glared around. "Unless there are any other items, I declare this extra special meeting of the Eagle Love Family closed and suggest we have another meeting to write a new constitution one week after our return to Eagle's Claw Lake."
Her lip quivered with emotion but she avoided Mary or Marionette's eyes, turned and walked out into the evening light.
"We're going home," she said angrily to Erika who met her outside the door, "It wasn't unanimous."
"Don't worry," Erika replied softly. "Some people cannot cope with change. Who was it, Mary or Marionette?"
"Both," Annette answered. "Oh, I know I shouldn't be angry but..." she sighed and glanced over to see Lisa, Jennifer and Sassy a few steps away. "I also spent my life serving the commune but it took those three and yourself to show that we had strayed from the original ideals your grandfather set up." She switched her attention back to Erika. "I am also afraid. It's as if my whole life has been a lie."
"Don't be, Annette," Erika answered. "Without those criminals running the place, the commune will survive stronger and freer than ever before. With people like yourself as leaders it will become a place of love, rather than fear, again."
Annette nodded. "Thanks, Erika," she said quietly and turned to meet the others filing out from the building.
Most smiled at her, some came up for a quiet word and several embraced her. Even the frosty looks from Mary's eyes as she swept by did not stop Annette from feeling that she had made the correct choice for everyone.
*
Everyone was having breakfast when a rumble of aircraft engines sounded above and the massive HAMC SH-5 landed. When it moored off the beach up from the jetty, two strangers in Canadian Armed Forces uniform appeared and paddled ashore in a rubber dinghy.
Jack DeHaven met the pilots and shook hands. "Thanks," he muttered. "So everything is arranged?"
"Yes Sir," the pilot replied. "We've been cleared to remain with this flying boat and transport the people here back to Washington State. The American authorities have given us flight clearance."
"And afterwards?" DeHaven asked.
"As you directed, Inspector. You were correct. The plane has illegal Canadian registration so remains confiscated by the Federal Government. Once legalities are sorted out, it will be sold and any profit from the sale returned to the commune."
"Good," DeHaven grunted. "We'll get loaded and get this lot back south of the boarder. They won't be our concern, after that."
*
Lorie stared out the windshield of the CL-215 as Kate flew low around the perimeter of Lake Darkwater. The shoreline, though, was no different than she expected. The water was met by dense firs and, except for a few stretches of shingle beach and a small river feeding the eastern end, desolate.
"What about that other lake a few kilometres away?" the girl asked.
"It's no different, Lorie," Kate replied. "I've got fuel for one low run over then we have to leave. Okay?"
"It doesn't matter," Lorie whispered. "Just head home." 
Kate nodded and reached for the throttles. The two engines roared and the Timber Wolf Air airplane increased height to head south. It was mid-afternoon and the other aircraft had already departed. The lake looked deserted and alone, as it became a spot on the landscape behind them.
Lorie sat in the seat behind Kate and studied the scene below in silence for almost five minutes before she swished back her blonde hair and left the cockpit.
"Poor Kid," Andy commented and caught Kate's eyes. "It's so hard having your hopes built up and then swept away."
"Yes," Kate replied," but her mother isn't at Darkwater Lake, that much I do know."
*
Cinders bounded out of the kennels where he had been boarded while her master had gone north and ran with tail lashing from Reid on to Kate, the girls, Erika and back to Reid again.
"Yeah it's been a while, Girl," Reid laughed, "but tomorrow when we head back up to Eagle's Claw, lake we'll take you with us."
Cinders gazed at him with her large brown eyes and wolfed as if to say she didn't want to be left behind again.
Because of their fuel supply Kate had decided to return to Spokane rather than have an extra landing at Eagle's Claw Lake. They had also agreed to spend the night at home and transport their load of supplies to the commune in the morning. Radio contact with the flying boat had assured them everyone was safely back at the ELF commune and the women and children there had met the returned members enthusiastically.  No news of Jane Somerville, though, was forthcoming.
It was early morning, therefore, when everyone except Ralph and with the edition of Cinders left Felts Field Municipal Airport and headed north on the almost routine run to Eagle's Claw Lake. Lorie and Erika's subdued moods reflected on the others but little was said for what else was there to say? They all felt for the two sisters but a growing pessimism filled the aircraft.
 The weather was clear as Kate flew in from the northeast with the intention of following the northern arm of the lake around before landing near the commune. As usual, all three girls were crowded in the cockpit taking in the scenery.
"All I wanted to do was leave the place, but it's like returning home," Jennifer commented.
"Yes," Sassy added. "It's so beautiful here compared with Darkwater. That place was awful. Even in the commune I expected a wolf or something to jump out from the trees at me..."
Lorie suddenly gasped and grabbed Kate's shoulder. "Look!" she said.
Kate frowned. Nothing seemed unusual.
"Reid's cabin!" Lorie continued. 
Everyone stared out the port window to where, far below, the cabin sat bathed in summer sunlight. The jetty, boat shed and everything were crisp and sharp in the morning air.
"There!" Lorie yelled.
"Oh My God," Kate whispered. "I can see it."
From kitchen chimney at the back of the cabin, a small puff of white smoke rose into the air. 
"Someone's there," Lorie gasped. "Kate can we go down and look."
"Get Reid," Kate replied and glanced up a moment later when he walked in. "What do you think?" she asked.
"Nobody should be there," he replied. "I still have the leasehold until the end of summer and I know the agents aren't doing anything until I bow out." He glanced at Lorie. "It could be anyone, though. Hikers or hunters..."
"Where's their floatplane?' Lorie retorted. "It's too far to walk."
"Someone from the commune, perhaps," Andy suggested from the co-pilot's seat.
"Exactly," Lorie replied and her eyes sparked in anticipation. "It must be Mom."
Kate smiled. "Well, we'll land and have a look but don't built your hopes too high, Lorie. There could be a dozen reasons for someone to be there."
 After they landed, nobody came out to meet the amphibian as it nudged the jetty and Reid scrambled ashore with a mooring rope. Cinders and Lorie who ran towards the cabin immediately followed him. 
"Lorie," yelled Erika from the hatch door. "Wait!"
"Let her go," Reid advised. "If it's a stranger, Cinders will look after her and we're mere seconds behind."
"Okay, Erika replied. "I don't want her to be disappointed, that is all."
*
When she arrived at the front door, Lorie lost her nerve. It was shut and everything remained silent. She gripped Cinder's collar, bit on her bottom lip and knocked.
 Nothing!
She glanced back and saw Reid wave. The others were still in the amphibian. She knocked again and was sure she heard a cough. With infinite slowness, she turned the handle and pushed the door open. Everything inside looked familiar and she could smell the aroma of burning wood. It was warm and cosy with the sun pouring through the windows.
"Hello!" she called. "Is anyone here?"
Somehow she expected no reply and jumped in fright when there was a reply.
"Coming!" A woman appeared at the kitchen door. "I'm sorry. I was asleep. Was that really an aeroplane...?" She stopped and stared. "Oh my God! It can't be..."
Lorie gasped. The woman's face was covered in a red rash but she recognized it at once. "Mom!" she screamed. "Do you know me, Mom?"
"Lorie!" Jane Somerville whispered. "Oh, My Darling you've grown into a beautiful woman. Oh My God! How did you get here?"
 Mother and daughter ran across the room, met in the middle and grabbed each other while tears off sheer emotion burst from both their eyes. 
"Erika's here, too, Mom," Lorie managed to get out, "and this is Cinders, our dog. We saw your smoke Mom. Kate wouldn't...oh hell..." She burst into tears again.
Jane held her daughter and wept. After all this time her daughter was here in her arms, her beautiful little Lorie. But she wasn't little any longer but a mature young woman actually taller than herself. But the long blonde hair was as she remembered. "Oh, My Darling," she sobbed and looked over her shoulder to receive another shock.
Erika stood there, her face awash with tears.
"Hello Mom," the elder Somerville daughter whispered and stepped forward to hug them both.
*
"It's the same virus half the commune members came down with," Reid said sympathetically a hectic fifteen minutes later. " I'll give you an injection and your fever will be down within an hour." 
 Introductions were over and Lorie still cling to her mother. "How long have you been here, Mom?" she asked.
"Several days, "Jane replied. "I just stayed put and waited. I knew it was safe and had food for weeks. Yesterday morning I woke up with this terrible headache and rash all over me. I though I must have walked through some poison ivy or something ... " She smiled and squeezed Lorie's hand that was still in hers. "I had no idea I was still at Eagle's Claw Lake." She glanced up at Reid. " So you worked out I must have gone over the hill to the middle spur and followed it around here. In retrospect it seems so logical but at the time..." She smiled. "My God, I am so glad to see you all ...I heard the airplane land but thought I was hallucinating. It happened to me a lot in the cell. It got so bad at one stage I could hardly tell the difference between reality and my dreams."
"This is real, Mom," Erika said and hugged her mother again. "It was Lorie who never gave up. She said we'd find you, and we did! We love you, Mom and are going to make everything up for all those horrible months. We got your letter and..."
"My letter," Jane responded. "What letter?"
"The one you wrote in your cell and hid with your paperbacks," Lorie explained. "That was when we knew for certain, you were still alive."
Jane frowned. "Oh I see," she whispered. "Peter told you I was dead, did he?"
"Yes," Erika replied. "That was before I escaped from the commune and found our lawyer. We're living in your house, Mom. It's there for you."
"Oh My God," Jane responded, yet again. "There's so much to catch up on," She turned and smiled at the faces around her, some familiar and others, until now, strangers but there was love in that cabin that morning and she realized she'd never be alone again. Even the Black Labrador with big brown eyes and thumping tail entered her heart and made her welcome.
*
The Elf commune looked little different when the CL-215 arrived fifty minutes later but the atmosphere was a complete contrast to any of the crew or passengers' previous visits. For one, the gate was wide open and people rushed down to the jetty to meet them. Jane was greeted like royalty and dozens of willing hands helped to unload the cargo. Children shouted and laughed and the vast majority of the adults were wearing jeans or even shorts.
 After everything possible was told to everyone, Kate and her companions were ushered into the dining room and treated to an enormous meal while, again, children ran everywhere, and teenagers came up to chat and long lost friends spoke to Jane or the girls.
"The first thing to go was the electric fence," Annette said when she finally got them on their own. "All the stringent rules go next. If people such as Mary wish to continue wearing the commune uniform and have twice daily chapel meetings, they may along with anybody else who wishes to attend." She smiled. "Knowing human nature, I think they'll have a very tiny audience for the first while but people will drift back. We're also going to have to do some urgent thinking about the coming winter. The vegetable gardens that are usually flourishing at this time of the year have gone..."
"How?" Kate asked.
"Somebody let the cattle in and they ate or trampled everything." She screwed her face up. "Other things were destroyed too but, luckily, nothing too severe. Except for the burnt out administration block, the buildings are all in good condition, the generator works and the water supply is sound. We'll need to spend some of our capital to buy in food and other supplies but, with care, we'll be fine."
"And what of Marionette, Mary and those others made to return against their wishes?" Reid asked.
"They've been told of the changes we anticipate making, they'll be allowed to participate in the decisions but the majority decision will prevail. If they disagree we've given them a choice of leaving or using one of the buildings as their own commune, you know, a group within a group. There they can continue exactly as they did before but without the compulsion and fear where everyone had to conform."
"You sound very tolerant," Jane said in a quiet voice. "I'm afraid I would not have been so accommodating."
"After everything you went through, I cannot blame you, Jane," Annette replied, "but most of those who want to cling to the old ways are more elderly and apprehensive. The ruthless ones have gone. Even Marionette isn't too bad. I feel sorry for her in many ways." She reached across and took Jane's hands. "I guess it's a stupid question but, you know there will always be a place here for you." She chuckled. "You are our landlady, anyway, I believe."
Jane also smiled. "Don't worry about that part of it and thanks, but I want to get to know my two wonderful daughters all over again and try to make up all that lost time. They aren't children any more and don't even need me, I guess, but I certainly need them."
"It works both ways, Mom," Lorie interrupted. "We need and want you."
"Yes," supported Erika.
*
Kate watched the three and turned to Reid beside her. His eyes were on them too but he had almost a glazed expression as if his mind was a million kilometres away. She dug him in the ribs and he immediately flicked his attention to her. 
"Yes, of course," he muttered. "They can certainly stay with us as long as they like."
"Reid," Kate whispered. "What are you talking about? You never heard a word of the conversation, did you?"
Reid flushed. "Sorry, Sweetheart," he replied and glanced around but everyone else was chatting to each other and nobody was listening to them. "I was thinking about things, that's all."
 Kate frowned and fixed an intent gaze on her partner. "Like what?"
Reid shrugged. "Here, the cabin and what's going to happen. If I'd stayed in the cabin over summer as I was going to do, my time would be almost up. In fact, in a week from Tuesday my lease and the option to buy expire. I was just thinking about what might have been, that's all."
"Regrets?" Kate whispered with almost a pout on her lips.
"No," Reid replied and a smile crossed his tanned face. "Not one. I'm just damn glad I was referred to the Timber Wolf Air hanger. I almost gave up looking for it, you know. Now, if I'd got that other airline..." He clicked his fingers as if he was trying to think of the name. "Resolution Air..."
"They're the ones who went broke," Kate laughed and placed an arm through his. "Come on, I think Annette wants to show Jane and everyone around. I want to head back soon, too. From here, my apartment looks mighty comfortable."
"Even with a couple of stroppy teenagers?" Reid chuckled.
"Yes," Kate replied. "It wouldn't be the same without them."
*

CHAPTER 21
The largest storm of the winter had dumped an unprecedented amount of snow on Spokane over night and even by midmorning the airport could barely cope. Snowploughs had cleared the main runway but the snow continued to fall.
Kate sat in her warm office and felt relieved all her flights for the day were cancelled. Andy was at the coast with the CL-215 to do some contract work in the San Juan Islands so, at the moment she was alone. The amphibian operated well in the salt water but was too large, in Kate's opinion, for working the frozen lakes of the interior. The Timber Wolf Air Beaver, though, had the floats replaced by skis and they had a lucrative business flying skiers to winter resorts and ski fields in the mountains.
 The telephone rang.
" Good morning. Timber Wolf Air. Kate Meltz speaking."
"You're just the person I want," said the somewhat rushed voice at the other end. "This is Annette at Eagle's Claw Lake here."
"Hi, Annette. How's the satellite phone working?"
"Expensive but fine. We have a medical emergency here and need help."
Kate frowned and stared out at the snow-covered parking lot that had only been partially cleared.
"It's Jonathan," Annette said. "Remember him?"
"Can't say I do but go on."
"He's one of the older boys, the tall thin lad. Anyhow, he's had a high fever all night and terrible pains across the stomach. I rang the Spokane emergency centre but it seems they're all tied up with a major pile up on the freeway. Nobody is available to fly here until mid afternoon." Her voice sounded desperate. "Jonathan is in pretty bad way. He needs immediate help."
"What's the weather like there?" Kate asked in a serious tone.
"Cold, but clear."
"And the lake?"
"Frozen. The tractor has driven on it towing a sled. I'm sure a ski plane could land."
Kate nodded. The lakes in the high country this late in the season were frozen solid and the Beaver could get in unless there were blizzard conditions.
"Okay, Annette. It's snowing here but the runway is open. We'll try to be there as soon as possible. Please ring back if the weather closes in."
"Thanks, Kate," Annette's worried voice replied. "You have my number, I believe."
"Yes," Kate replied. "Hope to see you before lunch time. Bye."
 She hung up and immediately punched in another number, spoke crisply and frowned. "Okay, thanks anyway," she said and continued with two other numbers.
However, every emergency service was stretched to its fullest. No doctors, nurses or paramedics were available.
 "Damn!" she snorted and rang home.
"I need you, Sweetheart," Kate said when Reid answered and explained why. 
"Right," Reid replied. "Give me fifteen minutes. That's if the road's open."
*
He was there in twelve to find the Beaver on the tarmac with the engine idling ready to go.
"Come on, Cinders," he yelled. "Were going flying. It's not as good as your bed by the boiler at home but you're getting lazy, anyway."
The Labrador, though, never hesitated. She jumped from the car and ran to the Beaver. Kate opened the cabin door and the dog was inside in one bound, followed by Reid with his medical bag.
Kate smiled and immediately contacted the tower for permission to fly out... They were soon between two commercial jets and everywhere hot exhaust fumes shimmered in the frigid air. The runway lights disappeared in a haze of white ahead and the windshield wipers scratched the frozen glass. Inside, it was cold but powerful heaters began to blow warm air in.
"You're clear for take off, Timber Wolf Air Beaver," the anonymous voice crackled but then added a personal comment. " Take it easy up there in the mountains, Kate. Heavy snow showers are coming in from Canada."
"Thanks, Tower," Kate responded. "Will do." She smiled sideways at Reid and moved the throttle forward.
Reid marvelled at his companion's skill in the conditions. There was no chance of flying above the cloud bank so Kate kept low in conditions that were akin to flying through a tunnel with no lights on. Only the glow of instrument lights in their eerie blue or red added colour to the almost complete white out. Snow gripped the wipers and piled up so high the view disappeared, not that there was anything to see, before being caught in the wind and flung aside.
"That's better," Kate gasped and reached forward with a gloved hand to wipe the interior of the glass that had begun to steam up. She kept her eyes on the instruments and maintained constant contact with ground control. That reassuring voice below was their one contact with normality.
Twenty minutes later they flew out of the cloud into a crisp blue sky with the sun quarter way up the eastern sky. Below, was a world of white clouds and to their left two mountain peaks stretched skywards.
"The ski resorts will be happy," Kate commented, glanced in the mirror and laughed.
"What is it?" Reid grunted.
"Look," Kate said and nodded back.
Reid turned and saw Cinders sound asleep on a blanket at the rear of the cabin.
"Complete trust," he commented.
"Or ignorance," Kate responded. "My God, that was rough going for a while."
*
Eagle's Claw Lake appeared in a crisp world of white but at least it was not snowing. The scene was like a Christmas card with the firs covered in new snow and the lake surface like sheep's wool as long waves of snow made 'W' shaped patterns from bank to bank. Kate's frown turned to relief when they turned into the upper arm and she saw two lines of flickering orange lights ahead. The snow had been scrapped off the surface to form a long, clear, ice runway. A tractor was at the side and several fur dressed figures waved as they approached.
"I was worried there for a moment," she whispered and again showed her skill as a pilot as she brought the Beaver down between the lights with perfection. The engine throttled back, there was a slight shudder and cutting noise filled the cabin, the tail dropped and Reid held on, more nervous than the pilot He noticed the lights were oil drums burning fuel oil. Black smoke rose straight up into the air above the flames. The Beaver wobbled slightly, slowed and slid to a halt adjacent to the tractor. 
*
It was frigid outdoors; over ten degrees colder than at Spokane and the heavily clothed people waiting were surrounded in little clouds of condensation as their warm breath immediately froze.
Four children, though, were with the three adults on a massive sled connected to the tractor. They waved and laughed when Cinders jumped from the Beaver, skidded across the ice and found it difficult to stop her four legs from going in every direction. One of the men on skates rescued her and, in one almighty heave, deposited the dog between the waiting children's arms.
"Hi Cinders," they yelled and hugged the dog. 
"It's good to see you."
"How are yah, Girl?"
 Kate and Reid, meanwhile, made a more sedate exit from their airplane and moments later the tractor and its passengers headed for the oasis of colours and chimney smoke that was the ELF commune.
*
"He has appendicitis," Reid diagnosed as he continued to examine the gasping, perspiring boy. "You were right to call for help, Annette. He is too ill to move out in the airplane. I'll need to operate here and now."
 The ELF commune leader paled a little but nodded. 
 "Is it possible?" she asked.
 "Your medical room here is hygienic and well set up. I have operated in far less desirable spots. Do you have any nurses who can assist? "
 "No really," Annette whispered." A couple passed first aid courses..."
"I'll help," Kate volunteered and received Reid's appreciative glance.
"And I'll do what I can, " Annette added.
"Okay," Reid replied. "We need it to be a little warmer in here and..." His directions were curt and professional before he turned to the pale youth and smiled. "Don't worry, Jonathan," he said softly. "It is a straight forward operation. You'll have an injection in the arm and when you wake up it'll be all over."
"Thank you, Doctor Tucker," the boy of about fourteen whispered and attempted to smile. "I'm sorry you had to come all this way in such lousy conditions." He grimaced in pain and switched his eyes across to Kate. "How's Lorie and the others?" he asked.
"Fine, Jonathan," Kate replied. "They're all sophomores at our local high school. Sassy's into sports and Jennifer is more the academic sort. Lorie is somewhere in the middle, I guess."
"We miss them," the boy replied. "For a while last year they were the only ones who kept us going." He shrugged. "It's much better here now but is still strange without them."
"Okay, Jonathan. I'm ready to start," Reid interrupted and brought out a hypodermic needle. He reached forward, dabbed the boy's forearm with an antiseptic swab and the operation began...
*
"Reid's excellent, isn't he?" Annette commented seemingly mere minutes later as the patient was bandaged up, minus a bloated appendix that was due to burst and Reid had departed to clean himself up.
"He is," Kate agreed with pride in her voice. "One of the best." 
She never told Annette that Reid had refused to return to medicine but had become quite despondent over the last couple of months. Sure, he'd done an excellent job as secretary for Timber Wolf Air and had, in fact, been the one responsible for obtaining the San Juan Islands' contract over two Seattle firms. He'd persuaded a local fishing firm the larger airplane was exactly what they needed to get their catch to the Seattle markets every day. It was a two-month contract that made perfect use of the CL-215 over the winter months.
"Jonathan will be fine, now," Reid told Annette a few moments later. "We won't take him back to Spokane. The airplane journey will jolt him around too much. Just keep him warm and change the bandage tomorrow. I'll try to get back to remove the stitches in a week but, if not, it's not a hard job to remove them," He turned to Kate and kissed her affectionately. "Thanks again, Sweetheart. I'm back in your hands."
"We have to leave," Kate replied. "The weather is closing and I was told, snow will be here any moment."
 Freezing air gripped them again as they moved outdoors into strange yellow light caused by inky black clouds passing in front of the sun. They clamoured aboard the tractor sled and headed towards the lake.
"I placed a heat unit in the Beaver's motor. It should start okay" one of the men shouted with clouds of white condensation puffing from his mouth. "God, it's cold," he added.
They roared around by the dining room where the door opened and half the commune's children population followed Cinders out to the sled and waved as he jumped aboard and wriggled in between Reid and Kate.
"Bye, Kids," Reid shouted. "Get back inside to the warmth, do you hear?"
 "Bye Reid. Bye Kate. Bye Cinders," a score of voices sounded.
"They sound happy," Kate commented to Annette who accompanied them on the sled to see them off.
"Oh they're grand kids," Annette replied. "I think everyone's happier here, now. Even old Madeline and Mary are, though they won't admit it." She smiled. "Remember. You're both welcome back anytime. It doesn't have to be an emergency, you know."
"I know," Kate replied. "We will."
They arrived at the Beaver and clamoured aboard, Kate started the engine and, after a final wave good-bye, Kate turned the Beaver onto the ice runway and accelerated forward.
*
"You did well, Sweetheart," Kate said a few moments later as they headed southwest. 
"Yes," Reid replied with a shrug. "I used to do two or three of those a week. They're pretty rudimentary but Jonathan's would have been in real trouble if it had burst. I reckon it would have done so if he'd been left a few more hours. At least Annette has her head screwed on. I doubt if any praying would have helped him."
"Kate gazed across at her partner. "Are you being cynical, Reid?" she asked.
"No, just realistic.
"You miss being a practicing doctor, don't you?"
"A little," Reid admitted. "Of course, for every operation where you directly help someone like Jonathan, there are probably a dozen reports one has to do for the bureaucrats. I don't miss those one bit."
 "Well, go back and get a doctor's position," Kate snapped.
Reid stared out the windscreen at the darkening sky. "I can't," he whispered. "I wish I could, but I can't. It's too late for that, now."
"Why," Kate persisted. "You still have your license to practice."
"You don't understand," Reid replied.
"No I don't," Kate retorted. "I saw your performance today and numerous other times since we've met and I know you're an excellent doctor and surgeon."
"But you're biased, My Sweet," Reid replied, reached across and squeezed her arm, and changed the topic 
 Kate glanced at him and decided she was going to do something to get Reid re-established as a doctor, with or without his immediate help. After all, if the situation was reversed and, through some complaint or whatever, she lost her aircraft operating license, he would certainly help her. He was that sort of man!
"Snow!" Reid exclaimed and Kate's mind switched back to the present situation.
*
It was as if someone had switched off the light in a movie theatre. In one minute they flew from pale winter sunlight into clouds so thick the propeller at the nose of the Beaver could barely be seen. Again, it was only the instruments and voice from ground control that guided the airplane to Spokane. But the rugged little plane never missed a beat with the engine continuing its comforting rumble.
Suddenly the snow arrived, so thick it was like flying into a tunnel of white bats. For another thirty minutes they flew onwards until they lost height and Reid could just make out foggy lights of the city below.
Kate's face was expressionless as she received landing instructions and banked to the starboard. In front were the blue approach lights and the runway itself.
"We're the last plane in," Kate muttered. "They've already diverted the commercial jets over to the international airport and all takeoffs are cancelled."
 She set the Beaver down and followed the taxiway along beyond the terminals to the Timber Wolf Air hanger. There, she activated the remote control, the giant doors rolled back and they taxied inside under a blaze of floodlights. The doors closed behind and Kate shut down the engine.
"We made it," she said with a sigh of relief. "God, I feel exhausted."
"And we have company," Reid observed.
Jennifer and Sassy were waiting at the side of the hanger and stepped forward to meet them as they climbed down from the airplane with Cinders right behind. The girls both looked relieved but, Jennifer, in particular, appeared pale.
"What are you two doing here?" Kate asked. "I thought you'd both be home in the warm."
"Why didn't you tell us?" Jennifer accused and her chin quivered. "We were worried about you and then the radio news broadcast that..." Her face contorted with emotion and, without warning, tears flooded from the youngster's eyes.
"There's a small plane overdue," Sassy explained in a hushed voice. "We thought it was you. Jennifer refused to stay at home so we took a cab out. We've been waiting over an hour."
"You could have told us," Jennifer wept. "Why didn't you phone school and get a message to us. We came home to an empty house to find even Cinders gone."
"I wrote a note and left it on the kitchen notice board," Reid explained, reached out for the distressed girl and wrapped his arms around her.
She cuddled in close but continued to weep shuddering tears. Reid stroked her hair and frowned over at Kate. Jennifer was so upset she was almost incoherent. Tears just poured down her cheeks and plopped onto the concrete floor.
"Is something else wrong?" Kate whispered and stared at Sassy.
"No," Sassy replied. "We were worried about you, that's all. The radio news is full of emergency instructions and accidents. Half the city is without electricity, there's a pile up on Interstate 90 and they're advising everyone to stay at home. Then twenty minutes ago they said this airport was closed and a plane was missing. When she heard that, Jennifer just broke down. I tried to reassure her but..." She frowned and gave a tiny shrug.
"It's just that... "Jennifer stood back and wiped her eyes. "It's just that... Oh hell. I don't know..."
"We're fine, Jennifer," Kate said quietly. "Are you sure there's nothing else?"
"I don't want to lose you, that's all," Jennifer sobbed. "I love you guys. When I heard a plane was down I thought you'd crashed somewhere and..." She shook her head and wiped away still more tears. "It's just me. I'm acting like a little kid, aren't I?"
 She squatted down and hugged Cinders, who perceived something was wrong, dug her long nose into the girl's cheek and licked her face.
"No," Reid replied." We feel honoured, Jennifer." He shivered in the cool air, "but let's head into the office where it is warmer."
"We cooked supper for you," Jennifer sniffed.
"Where?" Kate replied.
"Here in the break room. We couldn't stand just sitting around so we went over to the terminal, bought some food and..." She smiled and linked her arms into Reid and Kate's "Come and look."
The office was warm and the aroma of hot soup filled the air. On the tiny break room stove a saucepan of vegetable soup simmered away with steam drifting into the air above it. The gas heater blazed away and the room's curtains had been drawn to give an oasis of warmth and security.
 Kate smiled at Reid and went and hugged both girls. "Thank you," she said. "At the moment there is nothing in the world I could think better than a bowl of hot soup."
"Next time, tell us," Jennifer whispered and managed a tiny smile. "I've never been so happy since I've moved in with you, two. The thought of you not being here just got to me, I guess."
"We never found any message," Sassy added. "Perhaps it fell off the notice board."
"We'll we're back and safe," Kate said. " Reid did a marvellous job. He had to operate on Jonathan, you know..." She reached for some bowls on the bench and began serving up the soup as she told the girls everything that had happened.
*
It took a while but Kate and the others managed to get home that evening and everything slipped back into the usual weekday evening routine with Jennifer spending two hours doing homework and Sassy managing to get hers whipped up in forty minutes. Afterwards, it was television and everyone retreated to bed.
It was well into the night when Kate heard a tiny knock on the bedroom door. Reid was asleep beside her so, for a second she became alarmed until she realized it was Jennifer.
"Hi Kate," the girl whispered, "I think I remember something. Can I talk about it?"
Kate frowned. She was about to ask why but decided not to. This was not something Jennifer had ever done before so it must be important. "Okay," she said instead," I'll come out into the kitchen and we can put the coffee on."
"I had the strangest dream," Jennifer said after they were seated around the table. "It seemed so real but can't be."
"Why?" Kate asked. "I mean if it seemed so real why couldn't it be so?"
"Because you were in it," Jennifer whispered," exactly as you are now but I was only tiny, four or five I guess."
"I see," Kate replied.
"I was running out of this building, a school or kindergarten it was..."
*
"See you tomorrow, Jennifer," the teacher said as the five-year old grabbed her lunch box and headed out the door with the other children.
"Bye Miss Dunne," Jennifer replied.
It was a beautiful summer's day and Mommy was going to take her to the beach for a swim. She loved swimming and could already kick her way across the swimming pool down the block.
Outside there were cars everywhere but she knew the large white Cadillac was Mommy's. She stopped and glanced around but it wasn't there. Well. Mommy was sometimes late and she knew she should go back to the small playground next to the building and play there. Normally, this didn't worry her but today with the special trip planned it was a nuisance.
She turned and was about to walk back through the gate when a lady came up to her. "Hello Jennifer, Honey," she said. "I'm Sylvia, you know, from your Mommy's bridge club. The game's gone on a little too long so she asked me to come and pick you up. We can go to the club, Mommy's game will be over then it's off to the beach."
"Yes," Jennifer replied doubtfully and stepped back.
 "It's okay, Honey," the lady said and took her hand. "Mommy told you she'd be playing bridge, didn't she?"
Jennifer nodded. Wednesday was Mommy's bridge day. Of course, that was why she was late!
"I'll tell you what," Sylvia said. "We'll stop and get a soda at the mart. Mommy gave me some money to but you one."
Jennifer smiled. That was true, too. Whenever Mommy was late she bought her something, a Popsicle, candy or soda. Perhaps it was that that made her decide to trust the lady and she followed her to a large modern blue automobile. 
However, mere seconds later she cried out in distress. As they drove out the driving lot, the white Cadillac drove in and her Mommy, Kate was at the wheel.
*
"It was you, Kate right down to the little dimple on your chin. Everything else was so real, it was as if it happened yesterday."
"Did anything else happen in the dream," Kate asked
"Just terrible visions. The woman started screaming at me, I tried to open the door but the handle didn't work. She turned and slapped me across the face, so hard I was flung back against the seat. I was crying and then I woke up."
"So couldn't the vision of me have been someone else? You were calling me Mommy so couldn't this have been your real mother?"
"Possibly," Jennifer replied. "At the commune, I was told I was an orphan and my parents were dead." She stared at Kate. "But I've had this dream before, ages ago when I was ten or eleven. I remember talking to one of the sisters in the commune just as I'm talking to you now. She, though, was annoyed with me for some reason." Jennifer bit on her lip. "I remember that after that when I had the dream I told nobody, not even Sassy or Lorie. I must have stopped the dreams for, until now, Id forgot all about them."
"And perhaps the fear that our plane crashed today, triggered them in your mind," Kate said.
"I was worried about you," Jennifer admitted, "but I suddenly didn't want to be left alone. It was totally irrational, I know but..."
"I don't think so," Kate replied. "Look, why don't you tell Reid about it. He's the professional..."
"Tell me what, Kate?" a male voice interrupted and Reid walked in the room. "I saw the lights on," he added almost apologetically," then heard your voices."
"Something more than a dream, I think," Kate replied and turned to face the teenager. "I think it fits in with how you felt this afternoon. Tell Reid about it, Jennifer."
"Now I'm wide awake, it seems so silly," Jennifer responded. 
"But tell me, anyhow," Reid replied in a soft voice. He sat down on the carpet, smiled and listened without interruption as Jennifer retold her story.
* 

CHAPTER 22
Because of the storm, there was a hectic few days with Kate making six flights to various parts of the Washington State and one to British Columbia. Saturday arrived and by noon she found herself finally free and headed across the city to Erika's place. Only Jane was home but she was the one Kate had really come to see.
After she told her about Jennifer's nightmare, the older woman went quiet. "I see," she said in a whisper. "I had hoped she had forgotten. Poor Jennifer was such a sweet little kid and I did all I could for her." She shrugged. "She was one of the reasons Peter Littlejohn couldn't kill me. He thought I had information stashed with my lawyer. It was, though, merely a bluff that I used to save my own skin."
"Tell me, Jane. What happened to Jennifer?"
"I feared being implicated and Dad did too, I guess, when he was still alive so we all kept quiet."
"About what!" Kate began to sound exasperated. "For Jennifer's sake you have to tell me." 
"I guess you noticed there are quite a large number of children at the commune?" Jane began.
Kate nodded.
"About half are children of commune women and the rest were orphans. In Matthew's day back when Lorie, Jennifer and Sassy were little, he applied officially to adoption agencies for children and commune members officially adopted them.  Sassy was one but, unfortunately Peter and his henchmen were getting firmly established and children were arriving with more sinister backgrounds. Most were tiny babies who would have no memories of their background but Jennifer was older when she arrived, five I think she was."
"Sinister?" Kate queried.
Jane sighed and her hand holding a coffee mug shook. "I'm an accessory, I guess but I tried to help." She glanced up at Kate and blinked back tears of emotion or, perhaps shame.
"Go on," Kate whispered.
"Jennifer was the first but there were several others over the years, children who are still at the commune. You see," she said quietly, "Jennifer came from a businessman's family in San Francisco. She was kidnapped and held to ransom."
"Oh hell!" Kate gasped.
"That was when I realized the direction the ELF camp was going. Dad did too, but he was old and weak."
"So what happened?" Kate whispered.
"Oh, Jennifer's parents paid up; two or three times but she was never returned. The poor little kid had been kept somewhere for weeks before arriving at the commune. She was a thin as a beanstalk and covered in needle pricks. I think they kept her more or less permanently sedated. It worked, too for she had almost no recollection of where she'd come from. Only that her name was Jennifer. We added the Mears surname, as it was as close as she could remember her real name. I'm sure it was one of those East European names that she had trouble pronouncing."
"Peter and his henchmen wanted to kill her but we managed to persuade him it was safe to integrate her into the commune and she was." She shrugged. " She's grown into a wonderful girl, in spit of her experiences. Lorie and Sassy became her inseparable friends. Until they matured, I believe they had a very happy life..." She stared at Kate. "We weren't all monsters there, you know?"
"Oh Jane, I know that," Kate replied. "Look at Annette running the commune now, for example. She hesitated. "But you have to tell the authorities, Jane. Think of Jennifer's parents whom, I guess, belief she is dead. Think of the other children who were also kidnapped and are still at the commune."
Jane nodded. "I'm afraid, Kate," she said. 'I would not survive a prison sentence."
"But you didn't do anything," Kate argued.
"But I knew about it. This amounts to the same thing in the eyes of the law." She sniffed and blew her nose with a tiny handkerchief. "I'm like Reid."
"What do you mean?" Kate snapped.
"His trial, Kate. I read it all up. He knew nothing about the illegal operations going on at the Northern Lights Hospital. In fact, that consulting surgeon covered his trail so well Reid was completely ignorant about what was going on."
Kate's face was now pale. "I don't know a lot about it," she whispered. "I guess I've been too afraid to research the details. All I know is that Reid is an excellent doctor and I love him. I don't really care what happened."
"He was innocent, Kate," Jane added, "but because he was in charge he was still brought to trial. He got off all except a minor charge of failing to account, I think it was and was allowed to go free. In my case, kidnapping is a more serious offence. I knew about it, Kate, but didn't report the crime. I'm an accessory!"
"Then we won't involve you," Kate replied, "but I have to go to the police and report this for Jennifer's sake, her parents and the other children. Do you understand?"
"Yes," Jane whispered.
"But I promise not to mention your name."
"But the police know I'm from the commune. They've already spent hours interviewing me so they build a case against Peter Littlejohn and the others. Their trials are still to come up."
" That's The Royal Canadian Mounted Police," Kate said. "The local police or FBI will be handling this."
"But they all work together." Jane added. "Oh hell. I know I should have done something, years ago..."
"But you were a victim, too, Jane. Look at all your time they kept you in that cave. Nobody could blame you..."
"They blamed, Reid," Jane said bitterly.
"I still have to do something," Kate responded. "I'm sorry, Jane, but for Jennifer's sake, I have to report this."
"Of course you do," Jane whispered. "In fact it will be an enormous weight off my own mind." She smiled faintly and stood up. "Another coffee?"
"Yes please," Kate replied. She sat, deep in thought, as Jane walked across to the coffee percolator and refilled both their mugs.
*
It was five weeks later when a white Pontiac pulled up to some wrought iron gates; the driver stared at the remote camera lens and ignored the view of San Francisco Bay behind him.
"Officer John Livingston of the FBI," the man said and flashed an identification badge at the blinking eye. " Captain Parnell Rodriguez needs to speak to Mrs. Melhuish-Toland on an important personal and confidential matter."
"She cannot be disturbed Sir," replied a somewhat abrupt male voice. " She is hosting a charity dinner for Congressman Parsons at this very moment. Could you please return at a more suitable time?  If you wish I shall..."
Parnell leaned across his driver and glowered at the lens. "Son," he said with his voice like ice. "If you don't open this Goddamn gate pronto, I shall be on your front lawn in a police helicopter within fifteen minutes. Get it!"
 He grinned at the woman in the back seat. "I'm sure your approach wouldn't be so direct, Bree but, frankly I am not impressed by these society types."
 Bree Nolan, a local police psychologist, laughed. "No, I'm impressed Parnell," she said.
There was silence on the speaker for a moment before the voice came back while, at the same time, the gates swung open on well oiled hinges.
"Please take the left hand driveway to the rear entrance, Captain Rodriguez. I shall meet you by the service entrance." There was a click and the instrument went silent.
 "Go to the right, John," Parnell snapped. "Right up to the Goddamn front door!"
"Yes, Sir," the officer replied with a grin.
*
 The butler must have been forewarned for not a word was said about the vehicle sitting mere meters from the ornate glass doors.
"Please come in, Captain Rodriguez," he said. "I shall show you to the visitors' reception lounge. I am afraid will be a fifty minute wait."
"Will there?" said Parnell and held a business card out to the man. " You show this to Mrs. Melhuish-Toland and inform her I wish to speak to her, immediately." He stuck his chin out at the man. "And I mean, now!"
"Yes, Sir," The butler hardly blinked, "and what I shall tell is the reason for your visit?"
"A confidential, personal matter," Parnell snapped.
"Very well, Sir. If you will take the door to the left and I shall inform Mrs. Melhuish-Toland the matter is urgent. Help yourself to refreshments."
"Pompous twit," the FBI agent snorted after the man had left. He stalked into the room that was as large as an average household's living room and glared around. On the far side was a bar filled with every drink imaginable and a coffee percolator bubbled away on a small hot plate at the side. Coffee mugs, milk, cream, sugar and artificial sweetener were arranged neatly beside it.
"The other half," John added softly.
"Yeah," Rodriguez replied and reached for a coffee mug. "Damned pity we're on duty."
*
The woman that walked in moments later was a stunner; tall, slim and brunette, she wore a clinging white gown with bare tanned shoulders exposed and expensive but not ostentatious jewellery, earrings and elbow length gloves. Parnell estimated she'd between her mid-thirties and forty. In contrast to her staff, she seemed perfectly composed.
"I am Danielle Melhuish-Toland. How can I help you Captain Rodriguez?" she asked in a natural voice.
"This is Officer John Livingston and Police Psychologist Bree Nolan," he introduced after shaking the woman's extended hand.
The woman frowned. "Psychologist?" she said. "This sounds serious."
"It's about your daughter, Ma'am," Parnell began.
"What's happened to Kirstine?" Danielle gasped. "Has there been an accident?"
Bree glanced at Parnell and switched her attention to their host. "Can I call you Danielle?" she asked in a soft voice.
"Please do but what's happened?"
"Your daughter Kirstine is not the reason for our visit, Danielle."
"I have no other daughter," the woman's slightly relieved voice replied. "Only two younger sons."
"We have traced Jennifer, your elder daughter," Bree continued. "She is sixteen now and..."
Danielle Melhuish-Toland stopped and just stared. Her eyes grew wide and colour drained from the attractive face. Her mouth hung open before she swallowed, staggered and reached out for a chair to steady herself. "Jennifer!" she finally managed to stutter.
"Sit down, Danielle," Bree continued and reached out to guide the stunned woman to one of the comfortable armchairs a few steps away. "She is in perfect health. I have a photo of her taken only yesterday."
The psychologist opened a small handbag and took out a coloured portrait showing Jennifer dressed in casual school clothes and smiling at the camera. "I'm sure you will see the likeness between her and yourself. We have taken DNA samples that prove this is your daughter who was kidnapped eleven years ago."
 The well-manicured fingers trembled as they reached for the photograph and the woman studied the photograph. "Oh Shit," she gasped in a very unladylike manner "It's her. My darling little Jennifer, I'd recognize her anywhere." Her repose collapsed and she burst into long shuddering tears.
 Bree waited and nodded at John. "Perhaps a small drink for Danielle," she said.
"Sure," replied the officer and walked over to the bar.
"How is she?" the woman replied after she'd taken the gin and gulped it down in almost one mouthful. She wiped away her tears and faced Parnell. "Is she here?"
" No. We have not told her about you yet, Mrs. Melhuish-Toland," he replied. "As far as she knows she is an orphan. We decided to approach you first. There are many details to explain."
"Of course," Danielle replied and studied the photograph again. "She's a young woman, now..."
"Yes, a high school sophomore and, I believe one of their top academic students. I know her personally and I assure you she is a remarkable young lady," Parnell said.
"Personally, Captain?" An eyebrow shot up.
"As I said," replied. "It is a long story."
 Danielle walked across to an inconspicuous intercom on the wall and pressed a button. "I shall be a while, Patrick," she said with her voice now under firm control, "Could you please extend my apologies to Congressman Parsons and the guests... No, I do not wish to be disturbed." Her lips twitched slightly in annoyance as she switched the instrument off and turned to the FBI agent. "Tell me everything Captain Rodriguez," she said. "I want every detail about Jennifer."
*
Kate was nervous and, for once, it showed. The suggestion by Bree that Danielle Melhuish-Toland pays a casual visit to Kate's place and is introduced to Jennifer, as an acquaintance was about to take place. As Bree said Jennifer would eventually have to be informed about her mother because, as a sixteen year old, state laws allowed her to make a decision about her own future.
"At the moment she is a state ward under your foster care," she pointed out to Kate in a long telephone conversation the evening before. "We have no desire to force her to move in with her mother or, for that matter, stop her if she wishes to go."
"I understand," Kate replied in an enforced neutral voice.
"However, as a psychologist, I know springing the information about her mother will be extremely traumatic for Jennifer, especially with her recent experiences escaping from the commune. Her mother has been told everything but wants to see her daughter incognito, before deciding what she wishes to do." Bree coughed. "Parnell gave a glowing report about yourselves and how you're caring for Jennifer but I'm sure she will be studying you both, too. Danielle is a very sophisticated and astute woman."
"What about Jennifer's father?" Kate asked.
"That's interesting, too," Bree replied. "Danielle divorced Conrad Melhuish a year after Jennifer's disappearance. Apparently, the kidnapping wrecked their marriage. She remarried soon afterwards but kept her first husband's name hyphened onto her new surname. She told me it was in case Jennifer ever came back and tried to trace her."
It was seven in the evening and Kate had arranged for Lorie to also stay the night. The woman was due in fifteen minutes and the girls were all in the living room spread out across the floor doing homework. It was a perfect middle class domestic scene but Parnell had warned Kate that Danielle Melhuish-Toland was anything but middle class.
"I'm nervous, sweetheart," Kate confessed to Reid. "What happens if she up and demands to take Jennifer? What can we do about it?"
"She won't," Reid replied. "That psychologist from San Francisco assured us that." He glanced up as the buzzer from the basement car lot sounded. "Anyhow, Sweetheart, it's too late now. This must be her." He clicked the receiver and listened as a female voice identified herself as Jennifer's mother. "Yes, come on up," Reid replied.
 When Kate answered the door a few moments later she almost gasped out loud. My God, the woman looked like an older version of Jennifer with the same hair colouring, slim frame and narrow chin. The next thing Kate noticed was that the woman appeared quite nervous as she waited across the entrance foyer.
"Kate and Reid, I believe," she said in a quiet voice. "I'm Danielle." She appeared apprehensive. 
"Hi Danielle," Reid replied who stood just behind Kate. "We spoke to Bree on the phone who explained everything and Parnell dropped in and had a chat, too."
"And Jennifer still doesn't know about me?"
"No," said Kate. "She's doing homework in the other room with Sassy and Lorie right now." 
Jennifer's mother smiled, walked in and was shown through to the kitchen. She glanced around and waited quietly while Reid shut the door.
Kate was tongue-tied. Her planned speech was forgotten so she just smiled and stuttered, "Teenage girls can make quite a mess but come on through."
 Danielle nodded and followed the pair into the other room. Sassy was watching television, Lorie sat at Reid's computer doing something on-line but the object of the adult's attention lay on the floor with one leg kicked up in the air as she wrote furiously on a lecture pad.
"Girls," Kate said in a shaky voice. "An old friend has just dropped in and just wants to say hello."
Two girls turned around, said a polite greeting and returned to their activity but Jennifer looked and sort of blinked twice at the visitor. Her leg went down and she sat up. With her head slightly tilted she stared at Danielle who had paled slightly.
"Oh My God," Jennifer said. "I know you, don't I?"
Kate's eyes caught Danielle's. This was completely unexpected. How could Jennifer remember her mother?
"I'm not sure." Danielle stuttered her first words to her daughter in eleven years.
"Mommy," Jennifer whispered. She used the name from her childhood memory but instantly corrected herself. "You're my Mom aren't you? I recognize you and know your voice."
Danielle looked stunned and only managed a tiny gasp and it was Reid who stepped in. 
"Yes, Jennifer," he said. "Danielle is your mother. She wanted to see you without letting on. None of us guessed you'd know her after all these years."
"Oh Hell!" Jennifer replied and just sat there biting on her lip. "I don't know what to say... It's so sudden."
Danielle studied her daughter before she spoke. "Well, you could start by showing me the homework you're doing, Jennifer," she said. "I heard you are doing very well at high school." She stepped across the room, smiled at the gaping Lorie and Sassy, squatted down and picked up the lecture pad Jennifer had been writing on. 
Kate looked at Reid. She was impressed by Danielle; no tears, no gushy outburst but a realistic approach in a dramatic situation.
"It's an essay on genetic foods," Jennifer said in a quiet voice as if she was talking to her teacher. "There must be a balance between the ban the greenies want and the commercial needs of society."
"It's well above my head," Sassy interrupted. "Jennifer's the brain box here."
"No I'm not," Jennifer replied with a pout. "We're just good at different things, that's all."
Danielle smiled and asked Jennifer more questions about the subject and the fact, they were mother and daughter wasn't mentioned. 
It was only half an hour later when she was about to leave when Jennifer said, " I love it here with Kate and Reid, Danielle. I hope you like them, too."
Her mother nodded. "You know, Jennifer. I feel very humble and proud this evening. I met hundreds of people every year and I can see Kate and Reid are wonderful people. Sassy and Lorie are real friends, aren't they? " Only then did her voice quiver and tears spring to her eyes. "My God, I'm so glad to see you again, My Sweet. You turned out even better than I ever dreamed. Can I just hold you a moment."
"I'd like that Mom," Jennifer replied. "I think I'd like that."
*
The next surprise came two days later. Lorie had just left Jennifer and Sassy after school and was walking home. The weather was quite mild and she pulled off her cape to let her long blonde hair flow free so, unwittingly became easy to recognize from behind.
Unnoticed, a massive cream Rolls Royce limo pulled to the curb, the rear door opened and a little boy of about six jumped out. He had a massive grin on his face and ran as fast as his legs could carry him towards the teenager.
"Lorie!" the little boy yelled. "Wait for me."
Lorie turned, frowned for a second and realized she knew the child. It was one of the commune children.
"Trevor!" she laughed and stooped to grab the little boy who ran straight into her arms.
"We were coming to visit you and I saw you walking along the pavement," Trevor said. "I'm with my Mommy and Daddy."
Lorie glanced over her young friend's shoulder; saw the vehicle and two adults standing a few meters away. Both the man and woman wore crisp business suits and were smiling.
"We're the Hannah and Dennis Wilcox," the woman said. "You must be Lorie."
"Yes," the girl replied.
"I believe you were the one that set everything in motion," Dennis Wilcox said and held a massive hand out for Lorie to shake.
"Me," gasped Lorie. "I don't understand."
"Like your friend, Jennifer, Trevor was a victim of kidnapping," the man explained. "He was only five weeks old when he disappeared and now we have him back because of the efforts of yourself, your mother, sister and brave friends. We were coming to thank you all when Trevor saw you."
Lorie flushed. "Well, come in," she said and nodded at a house up the block. "Erika will be at work but Mom's home."
*
Jane appeared shy but welcomed her guests. "I'm afraid all I can offer you is a cup of coffee," she said. "I'm just back from another lengthy interview with the FBI."
"And how did it go, Mom?" Lorie asked.
"Fine," Jane replied. "No charges are filed against myself or present commune members. When the kidnapping trial comes up against Peter Littlejohn and those others arrested at Prince George we will have to be witnesses, though. Addition charges here in Washington have been filed against them." 
"Can you get your friends, Jennifer and Sassy?" Dennis asked after the conversation about Peter Littlejohn continued for a few moments. "We have a tiny token of appreciation for you all."
"Sure," Lorie responded. "I just left them. They should be home by now." She took out her mobile phone, punched in a memorized number, spoke a moment and clicked off. "They're coming over," she said.
When Jennifer and Sassy arrived, Hannah took five tiny velvet cases from her purse and handed them out. "I'm sorry we missed Erika," she said, "There is one for her, too.
The, so-called, tiny tokens were five almost identical bracelets made to look like interlocking golden maple tree leaves. On the back, the girls had their names inscribed and the words. "Thank you for looking after me -Love Tony " while the two for Erika and Jane were inscribed. "For everything you did for Tony. An appreciation. Love, Hannah and Dennis Wilcox."
The girls' eyes shone and Jane seemed overwhelmed, "But I did nothing," she said in a whisper.
"You did everything, Jane," Dennis replied. "If it wasn't for yourself, your daughters, Jennifer and Sassy, the commune could still be under control of those gangsters and we would think Trevor was dead. Three years ago the police told us the chance of ever finding him again was infinitesimal, yet here he is with us."
"But," Jane protested, "These bracelets are solid gold."
Dennis shrugged. "We're also going to make a donation to the commune," he said quietly. "There are five families, like Hannah and myself, who found their children. We have set up a trust fund to restock the commune's farm and provide help for the children who were genuine orphans."
"But there's been nothing on television," Jane said.
"We wanted it that way," Hannah replied. "All the parents agreed to keep everything secret and the FBI have supported us. No doubt there'll be publicity when the trials start but all we want to do now, is thank you for this miracle and continue our lives." 
"Oh My God," Sassy replied as she turned the bracelet over, reread the inscription and slipped it on her wrist. "Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Wilcox."
Jennifer and Lorie also thanked the visitors, Tony was given a big hug, everyone promised to keep in touch, his appreciative parents chatted for a while and left.
"And you thought you'd be in trouble, Mom," Lorie snorted after the visitors departed." It's turning out well, isn't it?"
"It is, Sweetheart," Jane replied. "Like the Wilcoxs said, far better than I could even imagine."
"And these bracelets. They'd be worth a fortune," Jennifer added. "When could I wear mine?"
"On every important occasion," Jane laughed. "Like this year's junior prize giving at school. I heard you are in for a stack of certificates."
"I guess," Jennifer answered. 
She flushed while her friends laughed and gazed affectionately at each other. The wonderful gifts made them all feel somehow valued and appreciated.
*


CHAPTER 23
From Kate's point of view, one of the unexpected outcomes of the meetings with Jennifer's mother and Tony's parents was the reaction of Sassy. Jennifer became quiet and thoughtful but Sassy looked depressed, so much so, that Kate took her aside three evenings later and asked her what was wrong.
Sassy sighed. "Is it that obvious, Kate?" she asked.
"Yes," Kate replied. "You are usually our bright, happy one who tells everyone to buck up. To tell you the truth, I expected Jennifer to be the one that was downcast once the knowledge she has a mother, sister and two brothers and, perhaps decisions to make. She though, seems completely unaffected by the events yet you are looking so miserable, I just wondered what was wrong."
"It's just, I'm the one left," Sassy whispered. 
"How?" Kate asked.
"Lorie's got Erika and Jane; Jennifer has a mom who is stinking rich and look at Tony's parents? I have no parents. Oh, I know I found out about them and I was a genuine orphan but it seems unfair, somehow. I think about my Mom and Dad, too Kate. I wonder what they were like and I'll never know, will I?"
"We can search old records and find out," Kate suggested.
"But it's not the same," Sassy said. "Lorie's living with her family, the chances are Jennifer will move out and that leaves me." She looked at Kate with serious eyes. "Hell, I'm just feeling sorry for myself, aren't I?  I'm as moody as old Reid."
Kate nodded. "You noticed, did you?"
"Reid? Yeah. Oh he's still great with us; I don't mean it that way. He just looks sort of sad when he is by himself or with Cinders."
"And Jennifer?" Kate said.
"She's said nothing. If my mother turned up I'd be so excited I'd be running up and down the stairs whooping with delight. All she said was, 'It looks like I've got half a family, Sassy,' and that's it."
"So it looks to me that Reid and Jennifer both need your company and happy face to cheer them up." Kate stopped and turned serious. "I cannot replace your parents, Sassy; nobody can but I can be your friend to talk to. We've already told you this can be your home as long as you wish; Jennifer's too if she wants to stay." She stopped and walked across and stared out the patio windows that led to the balcony. "You know, I once had this apartment all to myself then I met Reid and later you girls." She swung around. "We've helped you but it's gone the other way, too you know." She hesitated. "I'm just trying to say we want to be your family, Sassy, if you want us."
Sassy also looked out across the balcony. Below was a small park and beyond it another tall condominium block. "You're all I've got, now," she whispered. "I don't want Jennifer to leave but don't think it is fair to tell her."
"Possibly," Kate replied. "I've been a bit of a coward, too and haven't said anything to her. She says nothing but thinks a lot."
"Yes, that's Jennifer," Sassy replied and broke into a smile. "Thanks, Kate. I feel better now so there's only Reid to cheer up, isn't there?"
"Yes," Kate said, "but I'm working on that, too."
"The true diplomat," Sassy replied. "Anyhow, I'll go and drag Jennifer out of the bathroom. God, she hogs that place!"
"And you don't?" Kate chuckled. She turned and spied Jennifer standing at the door staring at her with a towel wrapped around her hair. 'Hi Jennifer,' she said.
'You just said you haven't talked to me about my mother but never told Sassy what you thought either. What do you think, Kate and none of that nonsense about what I want, what's best for me and so forth."
Kate gulped and decided on the truth. "Remember when you first came here you asked almost exactly the same thing. Nothing has changed. We would like you to stay with us, Jennifer," she said.
Jennifer nodded and turned to her friend. "I wish your parents were still alive Sassy. I overheard most of your conversation. Tragic as it is, your decision has really been made for you. In some ways, my mother turning up has just complicated things for me. I've been so happy here but there is now one more person I have to consider. Nothing's easy is it?"
"No," Kate said. "There is always one more decision to make. That's what life is. One last point though. Whatever you decide to do, Jennifer, we'll support you all the way."
"I know," Jennifer replied. She rubbed her hair for a moment before gazing intently at Kate, "but somehow, that makes it more difficult for me."
*
The following Friday evening, the three girls flew out to San Francisco for the weekend; business class with all tickets paid by Danielle.
"It was kind of her to invite all three of them for the weekend," Kate commented to Reid as they picked up Cinders from the Timber Wolf Air hanger and headed to the apartment.
"Yeah," muttered Reid, "She can afford it, though."
"Reid," Kate responded. "What's wrong? You've been moping around for days now. Even Sassy mentioned it."
Reid smiled slightly. "Oh, Sweetheart," he said. "I'm sorry. I should be the happiest man in the world with a beautiful woman beside me, my dog, and two over active boarders who certainly stop me becoming bored."
"But you miss being a doctor, don't you?"
Reid heaved. "Yes," he replied, "but we've been through all that."
"Except there is absolutely no reason why you can't apply for a position here in Spokane." She sucked on her lip. "Unless you want to go back east."
Reid turned and broke into the grin he usually wore. "No," he said and stretched across to squeeze Kate's leg. "If you'll have this moody old fellow, I think I'll stick around for a while,"
"A while?" Kate whispered. 
 "A long while," the man replied. 
"And you'll think about being a doctor again."
"Yes, Dear," Reid responded. "I'll think about it. "
 Their eyes met for a second and love flowed across the auto's front seat. Even Cinders cocked her ears forward and took notice before switching her attention out the side window at a white poodle watching from the back of a car in an adjacent lane. 
*
After an unusually quiet weekend, Sunday afternoon arrived and Kate and Reid were back at the airport. The girls arrived back with tales of their upmarket life in San Francisco. Sassy and Lorie hardly stopped talking about everything they did, what Jennifer's new family was like and the sheer opulence of the mansion where they'd stayed. Again, though, Jennifer said very little until late in the evening.
"It was different than I expected," she said when Kate tried to draw her out. "Oh, Mom tried so hard and Frank, her husband, couldn't put himself out more."
"Kirstine is a spoilt little brat, though" Sassy added, "and the two boys are little better." 
"She's eleven," Jennifer continued," but thinks she's my age. She goes to this private girl's school and wears make up.
"Yeah," Sassy butted in. "Jennifer gave her the evil eye a few times and that shut her up."
"Mom wants me move back with her. She said I could go to the high school part of Kirstine's school or the local state high school, whatever I preferred. I can have my own apartment in the south wing of the house and really anything I need, including a new car."
"But?" Reid replied. He noted Jennifer's lack of enthusiasm.
Jennifer glanced up at him. "Mom argued that I've really only known you two a short time." She sighed. "I told her I needed to think about everything."
"And what did she reply," Kate asked.
"She told me to take all the time I wanted. I was welcome to live with her but if I found the change too great, she'd understand."
"That's fair enough," Reid replied.
 Jennifer glanced up. "How do I tell her I'd rather stay with you and not hurt her feelings?" she gulped, "because that's what I want.'
"Your Mom wasn't going to tell you who she was when she called in that day you recognized her," Kate replied, "I'm sure wants what's best for you."
"Can you tell her?" Jennifer pleaded.
"Okay," Kate replied softly and glanced at Reid. She didn't relish the idea but could understand Jennifer's reluctance to talk herself. "I'll give her a ring."
 The phone call went through to Danielle almost immediately and it appeared she'd given instructions to have any call diverted directly to her. Against the background mumble of a crowded restaurant or meeting place, the woman greeted Kate with warmth and listened as Kate repeated Jennifer's wishes.
"What is your opinion?" Danielle said in a blunt reply. "I know you took the two girls into your home and all three said nothing but praise about Reid and yourself. You are, however, both young and have your own lives. Don't two teenage girls place heavy demands on your own lives?"
"No," Kate replied in a frank reply. They really look after themselves and actually help us by cooking dinner and doing much of the housework."
"Fair enough," Danielle replied, "but how do you cope, financially?"
Kate explained about the welfare grant they received for the pair. "They don't have big demands," she added. "At the commune they led a frugal life so don't expect everything normal sixteen-year -olds want."
"Well, Jennifer can come off the welfare," Danielle almost snapped then her voice softened. "Oh, Kate, she's so mature and graceful but somehow remote. I look at her and think of my little darling who went missing as a five-year-old and my heart goes out to her. But she's not a child, is she?"
"She isn't," Kate replied softly and smiled at Jennifer who was standing beside the phone listening to her end of the conversation. "Do you want to talk to her?"
"Please," Danielle replied.
 Kate handed the receiver to Jennifer. "Hi Mom," the teenager said. "I loved it at your place over the weekend. Sassy Lorie and myself have never, ever, had such a grand time but, Mom..." Jennifer hesitated before blurting. "I can't come and live with you. There's no real reason. You and Frank made us so welcome and..."
"Jennifer," interrupted her mother. "I understand."
"You do?"
"So how about regular visits? Bring Sassy and Lorie, too." Danielle laughed. "Perhaps Kirstine might be knocked off her pedestal. She is a bit overbearing at times, isn't she?"
"Yes," Jennifer replied. "I don't think she liked me very much but, as for your first question, we'd love to visit."
"Good," Danielle replied. "Can you put Kate back on, please, My Sweet?" When Kate came back on the line she continued. "I want to deposit a regular amount with you for Jennifer's keep," she said, "and, as well, I want her to have a regular allowance without it spoiling her. Do you have any suggestions?"
 "Ask her," Kate replied and flicked the speaker button so Danielle's voice filled the room. "I've switched on the extension speaker. Sassy and Reid are here too, if you don't mind them joining the conversation."
"Not at all," Danielle replied. "Hello Sassy. Hello Reid..."
 They spoke for almost quarter an hour before Danielle concluded with a promise to keep in touch and an agreement to set up a bank account with Kate and Reid as trustees. "It is for both girls and also Lorie," Danielle insisted. She quoted an amount that made Reid raise his eyebrows before continuing. "My only request is you withdraw both girls from the welfare program," she added with a chuckle. "It might hurt my image if it became known I had a daughter on welfare..."
"There you are," Kate said after they were disconnected. "That wasn't too hard, was it?'
Jennifer nodded and stepped across between her and Reid. "Thank you," she said with gratitude in her voice and tucked her arms around them both. "I'm glad Mom included Sassy and Lorie in everything. We're more like sisters than Kirstine will ever be."
*
Reid's thoughts of returning to his profession again received a sharp jolt only a week later when a letter arrived for him. It was Monday evening and the family was all home when Kate noticed the unopened mail sitting on the bench. She thumbed through the usual envelopes that contained nothing of real importance until she came to one addressed to Doctor Reid Tucker with the words White Knight Medical Centre across a stylized knight and sword on the envelope.
She wrinkled her forehead up in curiosity. "Letter for you, Sweetheart," she called and handed it to her partner after he walked in. "What is it?"
"I have absolutely no idea," Reid responded. He frowned, slit the envelope open and read the one page letter. His frown became deeper as his mind absorbed the information before he looked up. "What have you done, Kate?" he breathed.
"Me?" Kate replied in all sincerity "Nothing. Why!"
"Read this," Reid replied in a monotone. He handed Kate the page.
"Dear Doctor Tucker," the very formal letter began. "Your application as Head Surgeon and Medical Officer at the White Knight Medical Centre has been received. We are please to advise that you have been short listed and we wish to interview you on..."
"Reid! You never told me," she said with a smile.
"You know nothing about it?" a stern Reid whispered.
"No," Kate replied.
"I never sent in any application," Reid continued. "If you didn't, who did?" He scowled and suddenly strutted to the living room door. "Sassy, Jennifer. Get in here!" he yelled as if he was calling up Cinders.
 The two girls looked sheepish as they slid into the kitchen and stood staring at Reid. "What do you know about this? " he growled and tossed the letter across the table.
Jennifer picked it up and flushed a deep red. "Oh hell!" she gasped and handed it onto Sassy who blew out through her cheeks and also looked embarrassed.
"Well?" Reid snorted.
Sassy turned to Jennifer. "You sent it?" she gasped.
"Of course," the taller girl replied. "You told me to."
"I think an explanation is necessary, Young Ladies," Reid replied in a whisper while Kate tried to suppress a smile.
"We only wanted to help," Jennifer replied. 
"It was advertised on the web," Sassy continued.
"Go on," Reid hissed.
"It was one of those electronic application forms. You know, where you fill in the gaps then send it off."
"And you did?" Kate gasped.
"Yeah, well," Sassy stuttered. "We got the details from that brief case Reid keeps in the top cupboard and just answered the questions or copied appropriate bits in."
"Then I clicked "send"," Jennifer admitted. Her red face turned pale and she blinked as if she was on a verge of tears. "There's a copy saved.
"I see," Reid answered but still looked grim. "We'd better go and have a look, hadn't we?"
 The copy of the application form was surprisingly accurate with everything of Reid's medical history included except the court case conviction. There was even a testimonial under Sassy's name that told of everything Reid had done as a doctor at the ELF commune including the emergency appendicitis operation.
"Jennifer wrote that and I stuck my name on it," Sassy admitted. "Oh, Reid. We're sorry. It just started as a bit of fun. We heard Kate trying to persuade you to apply for positions, you've done so much for us and..." She stopped and bit on her lip.
Reid stood tall and stroked his chin. "Okay, Girls," he said. "I know you were trying to help but we now have to go and withdraw my application, don't we?"
"Why?" Kate cut in.
"Because it isn't honest," Reid replied. "Nothing was mentioned of my trial and conviction."
There was silence in the room. The two teenagers made faces of each other but didn't answer while Kate scanned though and reread the application form.
"There is nothing dishonest here," she said.
"No, but a glaring omission," Reid answered. "It amounts to the same thing."
"Then we'll explain it to the White Knight Medical Centre," Kate replied. "You want honesty. What say we all go down there tomorrow and tell them everything? At that stage, you can withdraw your application if you think it is ethical to do so." She turned to the girls. "You'll come, won't you Jennifer, Sassy?" she almost ordered.
"Yes, sure," Jennifer gulped and Sassy nodded.
*
Fifteen hours later, the tall bearded man walked out of the modern medical centre building with three women filling the sidewalk on each side of him.
"So your application stays in?" Kate said.
"I guess," Reid replied with a shrug. 
"They had the full transcript of your trial there on the table," Sassy whispered. "It didn't seem to worry them at all."
"But how did they get it?" Kate replied.
Again Jennifer flushed. "I did it," she admitted. "Last night after everyone went to bed I felt so bad, I sent in an amendment to the application. I told them about the trial verdict and gave them the Minneapolis Courthouse email address. They must have downloaded all the information before we arrived this morning."
Reid stopped and, without warning, swept Jennifer in his arms and plunked a kiss on her cheek. "You are the limit, you know," he laughed for the first time since the letter arrived. He turned and hugged the other girl, too. "You, as well, Sassy. What am I going to do to the pair of you?"
"Keep us," Jennifer whispered in solemn reply.
*
Five days later Reid was appointed Head Surgeon and Medical Officer at the White Knight Medical Centre and asked to begin in six weeks.
*

CHAPTER 24
The Cessna 208 Caravan lowered its ski undercarriage and circled over Eagle's Claw Lake while the twenty or more children skating on the ice all moved to the shore. It glided down and landed with a swish before turning to taxi to the jetty. After the engine stopped the rear door opened and a woman dressed in a white fur coat, gloves and upmarket jeans stepped out. She smiled at a group of curious children gathered nearby and made her way across the icy surface of the jetty.
"Hello," she said to a young woman in her late teens who came to greet her. "My name is Danielle Melhuish-Toland. I'm Jennifer Mears' mother."
"Hi," replied the commune girl, "I'm Geraldine. Welcome to Eagle's Claw Lake and the Elf commune." She smiled, "How are Jennifer and the others?" 
"Fine," Danielle replied. "She's still with Kate and Reid but I guess you know that."
"Yes," Geraldine replied. "Kate flies in quite regularly and often the girls come with her. We rarely have other airplanes visit, though." She screwed her nose up. "Well, there was plenty of activity with the police and FBI for a while. Is there anything I can help you with?"
"I'd really just come to see the place where Jennifer lived for most of her life and to meet Ms Bulmer, your leader."
"Well, you're in luck. Annette is just coming."
They glanced up to where a snowmobile howled in from the commune and pulled to a halt at the end of the jetty. A woman climbed off and walked forward with a curious expression on her face. 
"I thought it was the police again," she said after Geraldine introduced the visitor. "It's a clear day so all the kids are getting a bit of exercise," She blew a cloud of condensation into the air. "It's still about ten below freezing so I wouldn't leave your airplane engine off too long. You might have trouble starting it again."
"Oh it's fine," the visitor replied with a wave of her gloved hand. "It's got an in-built heater coil..." She chatted away, followed Annette and Geraldine towards the commune and ignored the two crewmembers still on the airplane.
"There's been changes since Jennifer left," Annette remarked and pointed along the shoreline where piles of snow had been scooped up to make a row of snowmen. "There was an enormous fence around the commune that we had pulled down. Come spring and we will restock the farm."
"I see the burnt out administration block hasn't been replaced," Danielle said a few moments later as the small group made their way towards the dining room that now served as the commune headquarters.
"I guess Jennifer told you a lot about us," Annette replied.
"Not really," Danielle replied. "I learnt more from the other parents who found their children here. Jennifer hasn't said a lot." She smiled at Annette. "Is it inconvenient or would it be possible for me to look around? I'd love to see where Jennifer lived, of course, but am also interested in everything else."
"No problem. We'll show you our home," Annette replied. "We're a bit disorganized at the moment. Fifteen children have left not counting, Jennifer, Lorie and Sassy and we're short of adults with all the old leaders arrested."
"So what happens, now?" Danielle asked.
"We voted to keep going," Annette replied. "There have been changes and, no doubt, more will follow. It will be hard but I'm sure we will become self sufficient in time."
"And until then?" Danielle became blunt.
Annette sighed. "Like yourself, Mrs. Melhuish-Toland, most of the parents who found their children with us are supportive and we have been given some quite large donations. Two families, though, have filed court cases against the commune. They blame us for the loss of their children and want the commune disbanded. They don't realize we have many other children who are genuine orphans and we are their only home."
"Sounds typical," the visitor shrugged. "Anyhow, there's another reason for my visit to Eagle's Claw Lake. I believe there is a cabin here for sale."
Annette frowned. "No, I don't believe so," she replied.
"Yes, there is, Annette," interrupted Geraldine. "The cabin where Reid was staying. He was going to buy it but after meeting Kate, gave the idea away."
"Of course," the camp leader replied. "That's at the other end of the lake, over four kilometres away."
Danielle looked disappointed. "Oh I see," she replied.
"Why? Is there a reason you asked?" Geraldine replied.
"Just interested." came the uncommitted reply. "I suppose you are short of space."
"We have less mouths to feed now," Annette said, "but yes, the admin block had several recreation and storage rooms attached that we miss.
" Oh well, " Danielle replied with a shrug and changed the topic.
An hour later, after politely turning down an offer to stay for lunch, she shook hands with her two guides and departed...
"Another woman rolling in money who wanted to see how her daughter survived all those years in poverty," Geraldine snorted as the Cessna airplane flew away.
"No, I don't think so," Annette replied. "I was quite impressed with her. She reminded me of Jennifer, you know."
"She looked like her," Geraldine admitted, "but it was hard to tell what she was thinking."
"And wasn't Jennifer like that?"
Geraldine smiled. "I guess you're right. It was Sassy and Lorie who made all the noise."
"Anyway," Annette replied. "Ring that bell. The kids have been outside for the whole time Danielle was here. They must be frozen and starved. Lunch is late."
"They don't mind," Geraldine laughed. "I reckon we've had more snowmen built, more sled rides and skating than I ever remember."
"Yes," Annette replied. "Going on the ice was banned, remember."
"Everything involving fun was banned," the younger woman replied philosophically as they headed into the warm indoors and were greeted by the smell of hot soup and toast waiting for hungry little tummies.
*
 Kate had just returned from a two hour round flight in the Beaver and welcomed the mug of coffee Reid had waiting for her. It was still a cold day but, at least, the snow had stopped falling and all the airports were open. She welcomed the break while the ground staff refuelled the airplane and did the routine checks.
 She was about to return to the hanger when a knock sounded on the door. It was Erika.
"Oh hi, Erika," she said. "What are you doing out here at this time of the day? Shouldn't you be at work?"
"I've got the day off," Erika replied. "Whenever we see each other at your place or mine Mom or one of the girls are around. I wanted to speak to you alone."
"Do you want me to leave?" Reid asked.
"No," Erika replied. "I came to see both of you. It's Mom. I'm worried about her."
Kate frowned. "Well come in. It's freezing out here. Coffee?" 
Erika walked into the warm room, took off her coat and gloves and sat at the tiny table. She smiled but failed to hide an apprehensive look.
"What's wrong?" Reid asked. "I thought Jane had settled down well and was enjoying being with Lorie and yourself."
"She puts on a good face but is sort of withdrawing into herself. She hardly leaves the house and I even have to get the groceries from the market, now. Oh, she does everything for us, the house has never been so spic-and-span, I reckon she even irons the towels, the meals she cooks are fabulous and she helps Lorie do her homework."
"Is she happy?" Reid asked.
"That's it," Erika replied. "I don't think she is. I came home from work early yesterday before Lorie arrived home from school. She was just sitting in a kitchen chair crying. She didn't see me so I sneaked out, pretended to come in again but made the door bang to warn her. By the time I walked in the second time, she was at the sink preparing supper and pretended to be okay."
"Sounds like post-traumatic stress," Reid said. "She was locked away for all those months and things may have happened to her that her subconscious has suppressed. Now she is free and with her loved ones she relaxes. However, little things might trigger her memory or she might be scared of something without really knowing why."
"I know she doesn't like crowds," Erika said. "We were at the mall last Saturday morning and you know how crowded it gets?"
"I do," Kate replied.
"Well, she went as white as a sheet and just stopped walking. I thought she was going to faint. As soon as we went outside away from the crowd she was okay again." Erika looked up and was close to tears. "She's thinking of going back to the commune, too."
"Did she tell you?" Kate asked.
"No, she told Lorie we were getting on so well together she wasn't needed around the place. That's when it came out."
"And what would you think if she went back?" Reid asked.
"Hell, I don't know," Erika whispered. "But why would she want to? We've done everything for her. We love her, Reid. I think Lorie would be devastated if Mom left."
"Then tell Jane that," advised Reid. "I think she looks at you as a sophisticated adult and even Lorie is not a child any more. She thinks you both managed without her for years and are staying with her out of duty rather than because you want to."
"But that's not true."
"Then tell her that, too," Reid said. "Tell her everything you just told us."
"Maybe I can help," Kate said. "You know Reid's starting at the Medical Centre soon."
"Sure and we're all thrilled," Erika replied.
"Well, I need a new secretary here in the office. I reckon it'll suit Jane down to the ground. Half the time there's only Merve and a couple of other ground crew around. The pilots come and go depending on the flights. Three quarters of our business is freight and orders come on the phone, by fax or through email links..."
"You mean she won't be overwhelmed by people..."
"Exactly. Look around. This office is tucked away from everything. Half the time I don't even realize we're in the middle of a large airport."
"But she knows nothing about modern methods, operating a computer and..."
"Erika," Reid said. "Perhaps that's the trouble."
"What?"
"You're over protective. Your Mom needs to do things for herself and feel useful."
"She just try to make things easy for her. We love her, Reid."
"Of course you do but is your Mom stopping your own social life?"
"What do you mean?"
"You also went through a traumatic time at the commune. You escaped, went back and were attacked. Are you using your mother as an excuse not to get on with your own life?" 
"What are you, a psychiatrist?" Erika snapped.
"A little," Reid admitted. "I think Jane is as concerned about you as you are about her. You're all trying so hard to make up for those lost years you're afraid to let go."
Erika nodded and sipped her coffee silently for a moment. "I guess we're all screwed up a little. Lorie still mopes around and talks about Doug and I admit the thought of going on a date scares me. A guy at work kept asking me out but I make excuses not to go. Poor Michael's given up asking now" She sighed. "Perhaps you're right."
"I've another idea," Reid added.
Erika glanced up but said nothing.
"If we take Jane back to the commune on a visit, she might decide it's not what she wants, after all," Reid continued.
"... And if she doesn't?" Erika whispered.
"Let her go back without feeling guilty about letting you or Lorie down. Even if you disapprove, don't let it show."
"If she went back, you could still visit," Kate added. "I call there at least once every two weeks and they have the satellite phone now. They aren't cut off from society like they used to be, remember."
"I suppose," Erika said.
"So I'll offer her the job and invite her to Eagle's Claw Lake?"
"Okay," Erika replied and smiled.
 "Danielle Melhuish-Toland has hired me to take a load of Christmas stuff out the day after tomorrow. I think she's bought a present for every child at the commune, there's a ton of decorations and four massive hampers of food coming. She seems to have taken quite an interest in them all. I guess she's grateful for how Jennifer has turned out."
*
There were so many supplies from Danielle for the ELF commune that Kate decided to fly the CL-215 in. The larger airplane was back from the coast and, for the first time, skis had been added to the undercarriage. After a trouble free journey from Spokane, Kate, with Andy and Jane aboard, stared nervously at the frozen lake below.
"I've never landed anything this big on the ice before," she remarked to Andy in the co-pilot's seat. "I'm glad there's plenty of room."
Andy grinned at Jane sitting nervously behind the pilot. "You'll do well, Kate," he chuckled.
And she did. The orange amphibian landed gracefully, stopped several meters away from the jetty and was immediately met by a tractor pulling a massive sled crowded with waving children. Something else of intense interest to both Kate and Jane sat mere meters away.
Sitting on giant skids and behind two massive Caterpillar bulldozers, Reid's cabin towered above them on the icy shore.
"Oh My God!" Jane gasped. "How did that get here?"
Geraldine and Annette, who were both at the hatchway to meet them, laughed.
"It's another donation. Danielle and the Wilcox, Tony's parents, bought the building. It was jacked up on those skids and pulled around the frozen lake by those two bulldozers,' Geraldine explained. "They're going to pull it up to where the old administration block was."
"It will be our new school," Annette continued. "We have enough pupils for a elementary school. The state authorities told us if we could provide a building, they'd equip it and pay for a registered teacher. We're hoping to have one here in January." She smiled. "The only condition was that we send the high school aged children off to a boarding school in the city. We agreed to that so it's all go."
"Oh My God!" Jane replied. "And look, no fence, kids everywhere and a Christmas tree!"
  Above them in front of the dining room, a massive fir tree had been raised. At the moment, there were two giant stepladders around it and several people were stringing up a set of decorative lights. Children's voices were shouting everywhere and the number of snowmen had increased to almost a score. White smoke spiralled into the air from the main furnace in front of a pale blue sky. Closer, the trees and fields were covered in snow. It was perfect scenery for Christmas only three days away.
"It's so different," Jane remarked an hour later after a scrumptious meal in the dining room. "The place is like a little town, not a prison. Everyone looks so happy."
"We like to think so," Annette replied. "That is our aim anyway. We will all work together but encourage our followers to be individuals as well. We already have three new children, here."
"You have?" said Kate.
"Yes, all orphans, poor little Dears. Again, the state authorities visited us and imposed a few conditions but we're now registered as a charity institute. We're hoping to encourage a few adults to join us, too, " Annette replied. She glanced at Jane. "You're welcome back anytime, Jane," she added.
Jane glanced at Kate and gave a tiny grin. "No," she said in a whisper. "I'm thrilled to be here but I can't come back. I've my two daughters and home are in Spokane." She laughed. "Also I'm employed now; secretary for a run down little airline that needs a bit of a push along."
Kate smiled. Up until now, Jane would only say she'd consider the offer proposed to her. It seemed that everything was fitting into place after all.
"Oh there's one more thing," Jane said. "I had a big discussion with my lawyer but haven't mentioned this to anyone else. It's not finalized yet and I want my daughters' opinions." She raised her eyes at Kate and Reid, "but as you know, my father owned this property..."
Annette nodded and a worried expression crossed her brow. "We can't afford to buy you out or pay a high rental," she muttered.
Jane laughed. "Oh, Annette," she replied. "If Erika and Lorie agree, I propose to renew the lease on the commune and farm for another ten years with the right of renewal if both parties agree at that time." She grimaced. "My lawyer suggested I put the last clause in just in case another Peter turns up."
"It sounds fair," Annette replied but still looked serious.
It was Reid who asked the question Annette was probably worried about. "How much do you propose to ask for the lease, Jane?" he asked.
"I rejected my lawyer's suggestion," Jane said with a tiny grin on her face. "You must realize I have two daughters as well as myself..."
"Go on..." Annette whispered.
"It will be a contract based on the farm," Jane replied. "You will have full rights to use and run the commune and farm. You'll be responsible for all maintenance and operating expenses. Capital expenditure will be by mutual agreement."
Annette nodded but still looked expectant.
"In exchange, we expect five percent of any profit the farm makes."
"What?" Annette gasped.
Reid grinned. "And if there is no farm profit?" he asked.
"No profit, no fee," Jane replied with a chuckle "I was going to make it free but I do have daughters, you know."
"Oh Jane," Annette gasped when she realized the significance of the offer. "Thank you. After the way you were treated, I thought..."
"I held out against Peter and his cronies and we won, didn't we?" Jane said. "I have had everything ready to sign but needed to sort myself out. Now I come here and see wonderful things happening. I'm sure this is the type of commune Dad visualized and ran when I was a little girl. If he could be here now, I'm sure it is what he'd want."
"I think he would," Annette replied. She stepped forward and wrapped her arms around Jane. "Thank you." Tears swelled in her eyes as she just held on.
 *
On the way home Kate found out something else about Jane. Andy had apparently asked her to go to a Christmas Charity Concert with him and she'd accepted. Kate knew Andy had been alone for many years now and, though a little older than Jane; he was a great character and perhaps just what she needed.
 Her mind switched to Reid and his enthusiasm about his new position. He was due to start after Christmas but had already visited the medical centre several times to get to know the staff and look around.
The only thing that had annoyed her was that, only two days earlier he'd shaved off his beard and come out grinning at her with a clean-shaven white face.
"Beards can be a nuisance when you're trying to scrub up," he chuckled at Kate's retort. "Cinders likes it."
"Oh Reid," Kate replied as she grabbed him in a massive hug and kissed his bare skinned cheek. "I loved that beard but I love the man behind it even more."
 Their eyes met and lips touched. It was as everything was meant to be.
*
It was snowing again when the amphibian touched down at Felts Field Municipal Airport and followed the Boeing jets before it went past the main apron and onto the Timber Wolf Air hanger. As they turned in the apron and switched off the engines, Kate noticed four girls standing by the building with a Black Labrador dog.
"Oh hell, what's wrong?" Reid muttered. "Why aren't they at school."
"It's Christmas Vacation time," Kate laughed, "but who's number four?"
"Beats me," Reid replied.
They opened the hatch and were instantly surrounded by three girls and a dog while the stranger hung back.
"Mom's in town," Jennifer chuckled, "and I said I'd ask you if Kristine could stay with us for a couple of days." She flushed slightly. "I promised her a ride in the amphibian too. I hope that's okay."
"Kristine?" Kate said. The name had escaped her for a moment.
"Oh Kate," Sassy laughed. "It's Jennifer's sister." 
Lorie dug Kate in the ribs and whispered "She's really a nice kid, you know; another Jennifer."
"Oh my God," Reid retorted. "Two of them!"
Jennifer glanced into his eyes and saw the twinkle. She turned. "Come over here, Kristine," she yelled. "Meet Reid and Kate. Reid used to look real savage but he shaved his beard off. He's a doctor, you know."  There was pride in her voice as she grabbed couple's hands and almost dragged them across to the younger girl.
"I love Cinders, Doctor Tucker," Kristine said in a soft voice and reached out to pat the dog that trotted in beside her. "Mom won't let me have a dog at home. Jennifer said it would be okay if I stayed..."
Behind them, Jane smiled and accepted Andy's hand as he helped her down off the amphibian. They walked forward to where all four girls appeared to be talking at once and the dog ran back and forth between them with her tail wagging.
She stood beside Kate and pulled her collar up against the snowflakes. "It's good to be home," she said.
"It is," Kate replied. 
Their eyes linked and they both smiled. Indeed, it was good to be home.
The End
*


LIKE TWIGS IN A STORM
While converting a closed country school into a summer batch near Wellington, New Zealand, Steve Garnet meets neighbour, Lavina Ryland. Their friendship soon develops into a romance that hurtles them into danger and changes their lives and the life of Lavina's daughter, Cathy forever. 
Grant Ryland learns about his wife's infidelity and, in a drunken rage, drugs Lavina, Cathy and Steve. He abducts them and abandons the trio on an isolated mountaintop airstrip above bush-covered ranges, at least four day's walking distance from the nearest road.
Facing an onslaught of life-threatening perils, including frostbite, raging icy rapids, and violent storms, the trio struggle to survive like twigs in a storm.  Can they overcome the grave odds against them? 
Join this brave trio as their strength and love is repeatedly tested and they learn what it really means to be a family.
*

CHAPTER 1
The faded yellow sign still warned traffic that there was a school ahead, but Steve Garnet knew better. After all, this was his latest acquisition. His tender for the Upper Forks Road School buildings and ten acres of land had been accepted and he was now the proud owner of this strip of countryside, a two-hour drive from the city. The last forty-five minutes of his journey, however, was along a narrow gravel road, which zigzagged up a hillside, down the other side and into an amazingly fertile valley of rolling farmland.
 After he parked his Jeep Wrangler in a slightly widened pull off area, Steve climbed out and walked up the concrete drive. There it was, the two-classroom school, wooden, a century years old but still solid and in a good state of repair. The grass around was short and, by the droppings dotted everywhere, had been kept that way by grazing sheep. To his left was a collection of wooden outbuildings: a toilet block, play shed and woodshed still half filled with firewood.
 He walked to the door; reached for the bunch of keys the land agent had given him and inserted the largest one in the lock. It turned with ease and the door swung open without a sound. Oiled floors and slightly musty smell of a closed interior hit his nostrils but the long corridor with pegs along the interior side looked clean and fresh. There was even a child's raincoat dangling on a peg next to the yellow classroom door. Under the outside windows a row of white porcelain sinks sat ready for use.
 The place seemed lonely and empty but in others ways, felt ready to receive children to come running in. It was like a school on Sunday afternoon waiting for the youthful crowds to arrive on Monday morning. Yet Steve knew the children had gone now; the school had been closed for at least five years and had been sold as redundant government property.
 The cheeky tender he had put in, sight unseen had been accepted so all of this was now his.
 He smiled to himself, walked into the closest classroom and gave a grunt of satisfaction. The afternoon sun bathed the room in light. This was typical of these old schools; all built the wrong way so they were shady in the morning and hot in the afternoon. A group of children's wooden desks were still there and even faded artwork and notices were pinned to the wall. An old square chip heater sat in a corner with its steel chimney towering up to the roof. Steve could imagine the children gathered around it on a frosty morning with red hands and faces getting warm. Back in his own school days at a small school, not too different from the one he was now in, they used to toast their sandwiches on the heater at lunchtime. The smell of burning wood and scorched bread still tickled his memory as a warm fuzzy feeling of security and peace.
 Bye Old School. Merry Xmas, the yellow and red chalk writing on the blackboard could still be read. With this was a conglomeration of children's names sprawled across the board and half a dozen children's sketches, some smudged out but others still quite clear.
 Steve walked out and along the corridor to the second classroom. This one looked dusty and deserted with only a few pieces of debris lying around. It seemed that before its closure only one room of the school was in use. Another door at the end led into a tiny staff room, still equipped with a sink, small stove, zip water heater, small table and a wooden couch with a mattress on it. Once again, the room appeared clean and tidy. He turned on a tap and after initial discolouring, clean water ran out.
 A polite cough made him glance up. A woman with short dark hair stood in the corridor. She had a faint, almost shy, smile on her face. His first impression was that she was attractive, of average height and appeared to be in her early thirties. She wore casual jeans and a light blue jersey.
 "So you're the one who outbid us in the tender for our school," she said in a pleasant educated voice and laughed. "It serves us right. We thought nobody would bother to tender so put in a price way too low."
 "Yes, actually I am," Steve replied and introduced himself.
 "Lavina Ryland," the woman said. "We farm the adjacent property and those are our sheep grazing the school football field. I'll move them out for you."
 "No, leave them," Steve said. "I have no animals to keep the grass down so, if you don't mind, they can stay there."
 "I see." Lavina glanced at him with hazel eyes. "Can I be rude enough to ask why you bothered to buy the property?"
 "Sure," Steve said. "I'm a computer consultant in town but like the outdoors." He shrugged. "I guess I bought it on impulse with a vague idea of converting it into a hideaway-cum-dormitory. There are numerous bush walks around and this could become a place to stay for my friends or myself."
 "So you aren't just interested in moving the building out," Lavina said. "That's what happened to the school house. One day a truck moved in and it was gone in a matter of hours."
 "No, my first thoughts are to keep it as it is. I only took it over this week."
 "I'm glad," Lavina said with a whimsical, almost sad expression. "I guess this is the last link to what was once quite a thriving little community." She smiled again. "I taught here, married Grant, a local farmer, and fourteen years later I'm still here."
 She walked into the first classroom and waited while Steve followed. "I came back and taught the last term before the school closed. It was down to twelve children. There were forty when I first came."
 "So all this was done by you?" Steve smiled and nodded at the blackboard.
 "Yes," Lavina said grinning. "I guess I should have cleaned it off years ago. I've been the de facto caretaker as we leased the land from the government. I've kept the building clean. The locals used it for an occasional meeting but there aren't even many of those now. Everyone drives down to the hall on Lower Forks Road. I think this was last used as a polling booth for the election. We must have had one of the smallest number of voters in the country. I was polling officer." She stopped and bit on her lower lip. "Oh here I go reminiscing again. Please forgive me."
 "Sure, that's fine. I thought I was completely alone. It's good to meet a local."
 "One of the few," Lavina said. "There are only half a dozen families left in the valley now. Even the farms have amalgamated. The dairy factory and the local shop shut down before my time. We even had a hall once but it burned down ten years back." She gazed around the room and sighed. "The school was the last thing to go. They don't even run a school bus up here any more. My daughter was on correspondence."
 "And now?" Steve asked.
 "Cathy goes to boarding school." Lavina once again sounded sad. "She's only twelve but we thought it was the best thing for her."
 She chatted away for a few more moments before saying she must be off and excused herself. Steve escorted her to the gate and watched as the pleasant young woman climbed in an ancient Land Rover.
 "I live just around the corner," she called out the window. "Feel free to visit any time you're here. The kettle is always warm."
 "Thanks," Steve replied. "I might just do that."
 He watched as the old farm vehicle drove away, then turned and went back to lock up. The early spring shadows were already crossing the playground and a chill was in the air, a reflection of the higher altitude of the area.
 Steve returned to his jeep and sat deep in thought for a few moments before he started up and headed back to town. He was glad he'd bought the old school. It had distinct possibilities. In his mind's eye he pictured a dormitory in the second room, the main classroom as a living area and somehow the vision of his visitor came back to complement the picture.
 *
Steve's home at 23 Ashley Grove was a large modern two-storied house with a double garage, and immaculate lawn. Inside there seemed to be two of everything, including two spacious living areas with balconies overlooking the hillside below and the city beyond.
 It was not a happy home though. In fact, Steve tended to live in only half the building since his wife, Trish, had left.
 With busy work commitments, Steve didn't return to Upper Forks Road School for three weeks. The spring was now moving into early summer and it was a hot cloudless day when he drove in with a trailer load of supplies behind his Wrangler.  In his agreement with Trish he had shifted out of his home and into an apartment downtown. The garage at his house had been emptied and there was no room at the apartment, so he had decided to bring his workshop out to the school. Most of the gear that he had inherited from his father, a builder, had been barely used and he thought the power saw and other items would be useful at the school.
 "So this is the great holiday camp," Noel Capra, one of Steve's employees and a personal friend from high school days commented. "It looks in pretty good condition."
 "Yes, I was pleasantly surprised," Steve said. "Everything's there. We'll need bathroom facilities and perhaps a bigger kitchen." He showed his friend around and the two men lifted the equipment from the trailer into the second classroom.
 "Come on, let's look around the property," Steve said. "I haven't even been down the back yet."
 After a walk around the boundary and admiring the bush covered hillside across a steep valley the pair ended up at the old swimming pool; a fifteen-meter rectangle surrounded by a high wire netting fence and padlocked gate.
 "This would be great if you got it filled and filtered." Noel grinned. "Do the filters go?"
 "I have no idea," Steve said. He found the padlock key from his selection and opened the gate. Apart from the inevitable grass and weeds growing through cracks in the concrete, the pool looked in good order. There were even faded paintings of fish beneath the few centimetres of slime and mud that covered the bottom of the pool.
 "The filter looks okay," Noel called out from the wooden shed at the end of the enclosure. He stuck his head out and grinned at Steve. "If you like, I'll have a play around here for a while. If we can find where the water supply comes from…"
 Steve knew Noel was a real handyman and could get anything working. "Sure," he said. "I want to go and check out the school."
 "Yeah, I'll give you a hand there, too," Noel replied, but he was already absorbed in checking out the filters.
 Steve smiled and strolled back across the small crumbled weed strewn tennis court to the classroom and let himself in. With the power now on, he found everything worked well. For over an hour he worked at cleaning the rooms before he stopped for a break. He started drawing a floor plan of the building in his laptop when, once again, a polite cough interrupted his thoughts.
 Lavina, dressed in shorts and white tank top, caught his eye. He immediately thought how attractive she was with tanned limbs, curved figure and short but not severe hairstyle.
 "Hello again, Steve." She smiled. "Got a worker slogging it out over at the pool, while you're playing computer games I see."
 "Hi, Lavina," Steve replied and flushed at his innermost thoughts. "That's Noel. He's the handyman. I'm full of ideas but when it comes to practical work, I'm all thumbs." He turned the computer screen in her direction. "I'm sketching my ideas for converting the corridor into a bathroom and kitchen unit."
 "Can I have a peek?" Lavina stepped close to glance over his shoulder. He could smell her presence, the clean smell of hair shampoo and soap together with a faint whiff of perfume as she bent over to see his plan.
 "You've got quite a talent, here, Steve." She turned so her eyes gazed into his. They were wide and smiling, almost like Trish's back in those earlier student days.
 "Yes, well," Steve muttered. "You feed in the data and the computer can create different scenarios. I'll show you." He pressed a few keys and a three dimensional drawing of a kitchen unit appeared, showing a new wall, door and sink unit in what was now just the corridor.
 Lavina stared at the screen. "That's great."
 "It's one of the programs my firm has refined," Steve continued. He found it so easy to talk to this woman he'd only met once before. "There are several available from the big firms overseas but they use huge amounts of RAM. I wanted one that could be used in a home computer…" He stopped and smiled. "I'm rambling, aren't I?"
 "No. Keep going. I'm interested."
 Steve grinned and spent several moments showing her his ideas for converting the old school into a small lodge with sleeping for a dozen or so visitors.
 “Steve,” Lavina said quietly when he'd finished, "I think your idea is grand. This is what the valley needs." She stood up and grinned. "Actually, I came across to invite you up for afternoon tea. Your friend too, of course."
 "That's kind of you. I'd love to come."
 "Great!" she said. "Make it forty minutes. I think I told you last time; I'm at the white house just up around the corner to the right. You can't miss it. See you soon."
 "Thanks." Steve's eyes followed her as she walked out and past the classroom windows. Just before she disappeared from sight, she turned, smiled and gave a tiny wave. 
 Steve turned back to his laptop but found his concentration had gone. He switched the computer off and strolled out into the sunshine to find Noel.
*

 CHAPTER 2
 Over the next two months, Steve visited Upper Forks Road School every weekend, sometimes with Noel and Geraldine, Noel's wife, but often by himself. Builders were employed and after a two-week stint, all the interior building alterations were complete. The walls were in, as well as new doors, a sink unit and other fittings. A plumber had installed two showers, modernized the sinks and declared the school water supply and septic tank in good condition. Everything was still in a raw state as Steve planned to do the painting and other renovations himself.
 Every time Lavina turned up, Steve's attraction towards her grew stronger. Though nothing was said, he was sure the feeling was mutual. She rarely talked about her own life but on the few occasions, she mentioned her husband, her voice lost its sparkle and became listless...almost sad.
 Steve thought about her one late Sunday evening on his way home. That was the trouble, he thought about this woman too much. Whenever his mind wandered during the day, she would appear in his mind, smiling and smelling so clean and feminine when she brushed close to him. This weekend had been different in that he had met Grant Ryland, her husband. The man had been a pleasant enough sun-baked farmer in wide hat and work clothes but appeared years older than Lavina, and older than Steve himself.
 "I was young and impressionable," Lavina had commented one of the few times she'd mentioned her husband. "Just a second year teacher in my first permanent position. Then Cathy was on her way and we got married." She never elaborated but her eyes gazed sadly into the distant hills. "That was what good girls did in the country then. Attitudes are twenty years behind the city out here."
 That was when Steve almost tucked his arms around her. "Stupid bugger," he swore to himself and changed gears of the jeep on the top hairpin bend and headed down to the highway towards home.
*
Summer came with the school holidays and Steve found a new visitor to Old Forks Road Lodge, as he had renamed the property. He was painting the second classroom and was high on a plank held up by two steel trestles when two girls in their early teens walked in.
 "Hi," a slim girl with blonde hair tied back in a ponytail called up at him. "I'm Cathy Ryland and this is my friend, Donna." She nodded to her companion, a redheaded girl with shy smile and freckled face.
 Steve glanced down and immediately saw the resemblance between Cathy and Lavina. "Hi girls. Want a job painting?"
 "Well, if you pay enough,” Cathy said and hesitated before she spoke again. "Mum said you've got the old swimming pool in operation and wouldn't mind if we had a swim."
 "Sure!" Steve said. "I was over there earlier. It's unlocked. Come any time. Tell your mum I'll give you a key."
 "You can tell her yourself," Cathy said as the two youngsters laughed. "She's coming up the drive now."
 Steve grinned as Lavina approached and apologized for her precocious daughter.
 “No problem. I could tell she was your daughter by her good looks and pleasant nature." Lavina's eyes met his for a second and Steve flushed at his forwardness. "I'm sorry. I just meant Cathy is a nice youngster."
 "No, I'm honoured,” Lavina replied, fixing him with a serious look. "Steve …"
 "Yes?"
 This time she flushed and glanced away. "It doesn't matter," she whispered. "Thanks for letting the girls use the pool. I thought I might go in too. It's nice and warm out in the sun."
 Steve grinned. "I had half a dozen keys for the pool cut. Take them and give them out to any locals who want to use the pool. I'd leave it unlocked but it could be an invitation for all sorts of riffraff."
 "Thanks." Lavina smiled and walked out across the grounds.
 Steve scratched his chin in wonder. It wasn't what was said, but rather what wasn't said that made him tingly inside. He dipped the brush in the paint bucket and began on the next wall, half-heartedly did one more section before he cleaned up and tried to look casual as he wandered over to the pool.
 Noel had done a marvellous job with the filter and the water in the swimming pool was crystal clear. The girls were screaming in delight and Steve noticed Lavina sitting on a towel in her togs. She glanced up as he walked through the gate.
 "You should come in," she said in a quiet voice and bent forward to wipe her hair. "The water's perfect."
 The tiny bikini left little to the imagination and Steve grinned. Lavina glanced up, flushed and wrapped the towel around her shoulders, almost as if she could read his mind. Her smile, though, was still warm and left him wondering about his feelings. Since Trish had left, he'd dated a few women but had never taken anyone seriously. 
 Lavina in front of him now, had done no more than become a friendly neighbour but Steve found himself in waters he didn't understand.
 "The true academic deep in thought aren't you?" Lavina said in a mysterious voice and jolted him back to the present. 
"Sorry." Steve grinned and tried a white lie. "Cathy and her friend made me think back to my own school days. I went to a tiny country school like this and over the holidays we practically lived at the school swimming pool."
 "We tried keeping the pool open after the school closed but couldn't afford to do it. The next season the filter broke and that was that." She shrugged. "Plenty of locals wanted to enjoy the amenities but couldn't be bothered contributing to the cost. I think you're the girls' most popular person at the moment." Their eyes met again. "Well, are you going in?"
 "Yes," Steve replied, seeming strangely hushed. "I'll get my togs."
*
 Steve had a week off work and had come up that morning, prepared to stay for a couple of days. But now he'd decided on taking a cowardly retreat back to town. He had to admit he was attracted to this married woman who was not even separated. His quite conservative background fought with his feelings. When he arrived back at his apartment, he tried to do some computer work but couldn't concentrate.
 "Oh hell!" he snorted and went down to the pub for a drink.
 "She got to you didn't she?" Noel sat down at the small table where Steve was sipping his beer.
 "Who?" Steve replied with a self-conscious grin. Noel was the company he needed at the moment.
 "Lavina Ryland. Who else? She's one good looking woman, Steve."
 "Yeah." Steve stared into his drink. "A local farmer's wife."
 "So?" Noel said. "From what I heard, her marriage is on the rocks as much as yours."
 "But she's still living with the guy. At least Trish and I are separated."
 "I know." Noel poured himself a drink out of Steve's jug. "I have a funny feeling that might change soon." He clapped Steve on the shoulders. "Just keep a low profile for a while, mate, but stay around. I think she has a lot on her mind and could do with a little help."
 "And where did you sort that out from?" Steve grunted.
 Noel grinned. "Geraldine's an expert on women and their moods so drink up and relax. You're doing well."
*
Steve visited his school half a dozen times over the following three weeks and saw Cathy on every visit. The two girls accepted his offer of ten dollars an hour to help him paint. They did the undercoat in all the rooms and were remarkably conscientious and careful. With old clothes and sloshed paint everywhere over their clothes they really looked the part after each two-hour painting stint. Afterwards they'd change into togs and run out to the pool for a swim while Steve had another session of painting. In those weeks though, Lavina never came near. Steve thought he may have offended her but decided it wouldn't be prudent to visit her house. He thought about her often as he painted away; it was the type of job he could switch to automatic and let his mind wander.
 By the following Sunday afternoon and the school's redecoration was almost complete. Donna had gone home feeling pleased with the money she'd earned and the twenty-dollar bonus Steve had promised if the girls didn't slop paint on the windows.
 "Well Steve, that's about it," Cathy said grinning at the kitchen wall she'd just completed. She took off the old hat she'd been wearing and shook her ponytail out. "God, my arms are aching."
 Steve climbed down from the trestle where he'd been doing the ceiling and ran an eye over the youngster's work. "It's good," he praised. "I couldn't have done better myself.”
 "Yeah, you go too fast,” Cathy scolded and Steve realized how she sounded like her mother. She looked like her too, in the facial features and easy smile.
 "I won't stay for a swim today," Cathy said. "It's a bit cold out there and with Donna gone home it's not as much fun swimming by myself."
 Steve grinned. "Yes, I'd better head back to town. I'll get your pay." He strolled over to his jacket and peeled off some twenty-dollar notes to hand to the youngster.
 "That's too much," she gasped. "Mum will go bonkers if she knows you gave me that much."
 “I gave Donna a bonus when she left. You've done another four hours in the three days since then, spilt no paint on the windows or floor and did a marvellous job. You keep it."
 Cathy's eyes lit up. "Thanks, Steve. Mum said I could go into town and buy myself some new label jeans when I had the money." She screwed her nose up, ran some hot water into a sink and began to scrub paint off her arms. "They cost over a hundred bucks."
 "How is your mother?" Steve asked, forcing a casual voice.
 "Oh, Mum's been pretty moody lately," Cathy replied and gazed out the window. "Poor old Mum."
 "Why?"
 "You men," Cathy replied, pouting.
 "What do you mean?" Steve frowned. "What have I done?'
 Cathy flushed and flung her head around so her eyes peered into his. "No, not you personally, Steve. You're okay. Men in general and Dad in particular."
 Steve stirred his bucket of paint and tried not to appear too interested but Cathy just kept talking. "Mum and Dad had a big row last night. They thought I was asleep but I heard every word." She grinned. "Mind you I had to sneak downstairs to listen. "
 "Perhaps you shouldn't have," Steve scolded.
 Cathy shrugged. "It was the usual thing. Dad can do what he likes but as soon as Mum even talks to someone, he goes bonkers. They think I don't know but I do."
 "Know what?" Steve said quietly.
 Cathy gazed at Steve and furrowed her brow. "It's well known in the valley that Dad was having a fling with Janice Ludlow. Probably still is. Her father booted her out and she moved to town. Dad and Mr. Ludlow had one hell of a fight a few months back and they just about called the cops in. Mum never said a word but just went all quiet." The twelve year old looked up. "Then you came along."
 "Me!"
 Cathy stopped and swallowed, "I'm sorry Steve, I've said too much."
 Steve nodded and walked across to the bench where there were a couple of tins of coke. He tossed one to Cathy and sat down at the table. He wanted to ask more but felt it wouldn't be fair to Cathy to be too inquisitive.
 "Promise you won't tell!" Cathy continued. She popped the top of the coke can and took a sip.
 Steve nodded but couldn't look the youngster in the eyes.
 "She was happy up until that day we were all swimming together. Dad and her had another terrible row that night and Mum was in tears. I think she's fallen for you, Steve. That's why she doesn't come over." Her eyes caught his. "There, I said it! I think I'll go for a swim after all."
 Before he could reply Cathy jumped up, ran out of the room and across to the swimming pool. Steve watched her swimming in the distance for five minutes before he gritted his teeth and walked through to the old school telephone. It was disconnected but the telephone book from several years before was still there. He thumbed it through and found the number, "L & G Ryland, Upper Forks Road"
 With the adrenalin flowing, he walked out to the jeep, grabbed his mobile phone and punched in the number. With his luck, it was probably changed anyhow.
 On the fourth ring, the phone was answered. "Good afternoon, Lavina Ryland speaking."
 Steve almost turned his phone off but swallowed. "Lavina, it's Steve."
 "Hello Steve," she replied in a cautious voice. "Is Cathy being a nuisance?"
 "No," Steve replied. "She told me something which I promised not to repeat."
 "Go on."
 "I don't know what to say," Steve stuttered.
 "Since we're on the phone, Steve, wouldn't it be a good idea to tell me why you called?" Her voice was completely neutral.
 "Cathy said you've been having a hard time. I'll give you my town and work telephone numbers. If you'd like to visit for a chat any time, you're most welcome. I mean…" His voice trailed off.
 "I'll write them down," Lavina replied. The voice was now almost cold. "But I can't promise anything. Thank you for your concern."
 Steve felt an utter fool but gave her the details and hung up. "Bloody stupid thing to do," he cursed and shrugged at himself. Well, he'd made his move. She'd probably be too embarrassed to come near him again.
 *
 Steve was at work in the office on the following Tuesday morning when his receptionist poked her head in the door.
 "Personal phone call for you, Steve," she said, chuckling. "Sultry voice. Sounds a real honey."
 "Thanks, Suzanne," he replied and reached for his phone.
 "Steve, it's Lavina."
 "Hi Lavina." His heart began to bounce in his rib cage. "It's good to hear your voice.”
 "Is it?" Her voice held that same neutral tone as the Sunday before. "I'm in town and would like to meet you for lunch if you can spare an hour or so."
 "Okay, I'm sure the boss will let me off." He winked at Suzanne.
 "I've taken the liberty and booked a twelve thirty table at the Royal Duchess Restaurant. Do you know it?"
 "No, but I'll find it. See you there."
  "The woman you've been mooning over for the last month?" Suzanne smiled after Steve hung up.
 "Is it so obvious?"
 "Not really. I thought you covered things up quite well, to tell the truth. Enjoy yourself but remember; you've got that three thirty appointment."
*
The Royal Duchess Restaurant was in one of those international hotels, very up-market with crisp white table clothes and waiters hovering. A red cord was hooked across the entrance and Steve almost felt he should whip back to the apartment and put a suit on.
 "You look just grand," a soft voice said behind him and he felt a soft arm link into his. Lavina gazed into his eyes and gave a nervous smile. She was dressed in a dark business suit with cream blouse. This was the first time he'd seen her out of casual clothes and, if anything, they made her look more desirable than ever.
 The meal was expensive and elaborate with wine and complimentary chocolates but it suited the situation. After the main course, Lavina dabbed her lips with her napkin and gazed across at Steve.
 "Tell me about yourself, Steve," she whispered. "I mean your family. You've told me a little but I'd like to hear more, if that's not being too personal."
 Steve reached across and took her hand in his. "Trish and I are separated and just waiting for the statutory two years before we get a divorce.” He filled her in on the details of the house and apartment. “We're definitely finished. I think she's found a different partner; the first only lasted a few months." He grimaced. "And yourself?"
 “Oh Steve,” Lavina said. "I'm so muddled up inside. I was only twenty-one when I married Grant. He's ten years older than me. I told you I was pregnant with Cathy but I never told you I'm his second wife." She stopped and wiped a tiny handkerchief in the corner of her eyes. “I remember Nancy as a tiny stooped shouldered mousy person with pursed lips who was about his age. They were still living together when he impregnated me, there was a rush divorce and I became his new wife. Stupidest thing I ever did."
 "Why?" Steve asked in a kind voice.
"My husband is domineering and extremely jealous. He used to be quite violent in our earlier days but since I began standing up for myself a few years back, the violence stopped. He just goes off and has affairs with young women but if I as much as talk to a male he goes into a sulky fit for weeks." She shrugged. "That's better than the violence. I told him five years back if he laid another hand on me, I'd take Cathy and walk out”.
 "So why do you stay with him?"
 "For Cathy's sake. She's all I have, Steve." She stopped and waited while a waitress removed their plates. "But she's getting older now. God, I've missed her this last year when she's been at boarding school. She's going back next week."
 "Cathy told me about a Janice Ludlow." Steve decided to admit his knowledge of this information.
 "Did she?" Lavina looked surprised. ''I guess I can't hide anything from her any more. She'll be thirteen soon and knows as much about life that I knew at twenty. Janice Ludlow is his latest fling. She's only about the age I was when I met Grant. She moved back to the valley after spending a couple of years at university but is back in town now.”
 "So what now, Lavina?"
 The woman looked at him and blushed. “I think I have feelings for you, Steve and want to know what you want. Is that blunt enough for you?"
 Steve felt an immediate physical reaction and was glad a table was between them. He took both her hands and gazed into her eyes. ”Lavina, I want to help you in any way possible. I'm a free agent with only one commitment at the moment." He grinned. "How's that for a direct answer?"
 Lavina frowned and pulled her hands away. "One commitment? And what's that?"
 "You. Any time you want me; I'm available; just to talk to or... " He stopped. "Oh hell. You know what I mean?"
 "I think I do, Lavina replied and reached across and kissed him gently. Her lips felt so soft, tasted of waxy lipstick and made his own tingle. Her eyes were moist with tears but she was smiling. "Our coffee has arrived and we've been here almost two hours. Haven't you an appointment soon?"
 "An hour yet," Steve replied. "There's plenty of time."
*

CHAPTER 3
 It was Thursday evening about nine and, as usual, Steve was thumping away on his computer. When he heard a light tap on his apartment door, he opened it to find Lavina standing there with wide eyes and a serious expression.
 "Can I come in?" she asked quietly. She was dressed in a white blouse, skirt and light jersey
 "Sure." 
 She walked through his living room and turned around. "If you want me, I brought my nightie," she said in a hoarse voice. Suddenly her eyes brimmed with tears and she ran out of the room up the tiny corridor.
 Steve followed and caught up with her by the bathroom door. He slipped his hands on her waist and turned her around. Tearful eyes from an upturned face found his.
 "I've never ever been unfaithful before." She sniffed and took a handkerchief out.
 Suddenly arms were flung around his neck, lips met and the soft kiss became frantic as mouths opened and tongues slashed. Steve reached down, slid a hand to her blouse, undid three tiny buttons and his fingers ran along the frilly bra inside.
 The flesh was warm and soft but Lavina pulled back. While he watched, she stared straight into his eyes, smiled and slipped off her blouse. She unclipped her bra and let it drop to the floor so she was nude from the waist up. Her breasts were large, erect and heaving in nervous anticipation. Steve could see the line between the tanned skin of the bikini top and the soft white skin beneath with light brown nipples. Without a word she grabbed his two hands and placed them against her taut nipples.
 "My God, Lavina!" Steve gasped and within seconds he was kissing them while she held on, sobbed and quietly stroked his hair.
*
Steve lay back, bathed in perspiration while the woman he'd just loved kissed his lips as their orgasm slowly retreated. For several moments, they just clung to each other until Lavina rose up on her elbows so her eyes could find his.
 "You're what I call a real man." She giggled for a moment before she flushed and turned serious. "You must think I'm a real hussy."
 "No, I think you're a beautiful woman that I love."
 “Do you, Steve?" she whispered in a serious voice and kissed him. “Or is it just the lust?"
 “Oh just lust," he teased.
 Lavina smacked his shoulder and wriggled off the bed. "I'm meant to be at a friend's place but she promised to cover for me." She took his hand. “You've made me feel wonderful, Steve but can we be discreet for a while until I work things out?"
 "Sure, you know where I am."
 "And I promise I'll visit you at school. I wanted to but…"
 "I know," he said. "When I saw you in that bikini at the swimming pool …"
 "And tried so hard not to stare at me," Lavina giggled.
 "You knew!" he gasped.
 She nodded. "That's why I stayed away. I thought you might just be a lonely man needing sexual gratification and you'd drift off if I didn't encourage you." Her eyes twinkled. "But it didn't work out that way, did it?"
 "No. If it wasn't for Cathy's comments though, I wouldn't have phoned you know. Even then, if I'd really thought about it I would have chickened out."
 "But you did, Steve. If you hadn't I would have found some way to contact you, I'm sure."
 She kissed him once more and stepped across to the lift that had opened behind her. Steve grinned and walked back inside his apartment. What a night. Never in his wildest dreams did he think it would turn out like this. Never had he been so aroused, even in his early days with Trish. It was like being alive all over again. He smiled and walked into the living room where the computer was playing a colourful spiral pattern. In his haste the evening before, he hadn't even remembered to turn it off.
 *
 After that day, the world seemed somehow brighter for Steve. Problems at work became minor and weekends at the lodge were an automatic activity. True to her word, Lavina always appeared and would just sit and chat, help do the gardening, or help with the new bunks Steve was making with his late father's gear. Every second weekend when Cathy was home from school she accompanied her mother and would never stop talking.
 Physical contact between the lovers was discreetly avoided except for every Thursday night when Lavina stayed with Steve. This was the evening she attended a night class at the local Polytech. Prior to their affair, she had stayed with Alison Watson, a close friend who wholeheartedly supported Lavina's clandestine affair. They more than made up for enforced abstinence during the week with desperate love making from almost the moment Lavina arrived about nine in the evening until she reluctantly left about twelve hours later.
 "My husband approves of me extending my education," she said one Thursday evening, laughing. "Mainly because he has a cute little arrangement with Janice Ludlow to do the same thing we're doing."
 "What about Cathy?" Steve asked.
 Lavina smiled. "She knows about us but we both pretend she doesn't. Mind you, last Sunday after you left she came up to me and said, 'Don't let Steve get away, Mum, now will you?'"
 "I like Cathy. Trish had a miscarriage a few years back. That's the closest I've come to being a father."
 Lavina looked at him in a strange way. "There's still time, my love," she whispered almost to herself and then kissed him with a passion he was still getting used to. "Cathy's quite taken with you, too, you know. When your firm got the contract to set up those Internet connections at her school and you walked through the corridor she was thrilled."
 "Yeah." Steve laughed. "Cathy, Donna and her friends zoomed in on me like bees around honey. I've never been mobbed by pre-teenage girls before."
 Friday morning came again too soon and Steve watched as Lavina drove away. He smiled and drove to the office. He felt as though his life was like a rainbow in the sky with the sun shining before the thunderclouds roll in, something beautiful but transitory.
 *
 Tuesday morning was a quiet time at the Auckland Metropolitan Art Gallery, not that the crusty old building ever really had a busy time. Arts in the city was reserved for the three percent of the population who expected, and received, money poured in from city coffers far in excess of their needs. However, because the academic elite decided this was good for society, the snobs usually had their own way.
 Anyhow, that was how Laurie Ellis felt. So why should millions of dollars be tied up in a motley little painting a few hundred years old so half a dozen stupid old ladies could gaze at it each week? The interesting point, though, was that an art gallery in Amsterdam wanted this painting by a guy called Rubens and they were prepared to pay big money for it.
 That was what companion Petra Roberts had told him. Everything had been arranged by Petra's associate, whom she'd only referred to as the boss. His part was to steal the painting and get it to an aircraft. The boss had arranged for it to be taken south to a remote area and hidden where it couldn't possibly be found. Once the heat was off eight months down the line, Laurie had to collect it from the same airfield and bring it back to Petra who was going to fly to Singapore to meet up with the Amsterdam collector. For his effort, he would get a cool ten thousand dollars. Not bad for two days work.
 Petra had been the kingpin in the planned theft. She was the one who had obtained a position as assistant curator at the art gallery and, over the last month, methodically recorded everything about the art gallery's security system. It was tight but had a few flaws.
 Tuesday morning was one such time. Between eleven and noon on that day, the small side bay where the Rubens was displayed had the infrared alarms and pressure pad behind the painting turned off so the cleaning staff could dust the frames and surrounding area. The whole operation took about five minutes before the alarms were turned on again and the staff moved into the next section.
 During that time, one security guard stood watch, communicating by radio with the hidden control room in the cellar. It was this one guard who specified when to turn the alarms off and on.
 "Okay, switch Bay Six off, Alexis," Griff Turrell muttered into his hand held radio seconds before a balaclava enshrouded man stood at the entrance to the bay waving a revolver and screaming.
 Griff reached for his own automatic when there was an explosion of gunfire. Shrapnel ricocheted from a wooden beam behind him and a splinter sliced through his cheek.
 "Get down!" screamed Laurie Ellis. "Everyone on the floor! On your stomachs, hands behind your heads!"
 He cuffed Griff on the side of the head and the security guard collapsed, bleeding.
 The cleaning lady turned white and dropped in a panic. Petra, who had the job of supporting the security guard, couldn't help smiling at the theatrics of it all as she also lowered herself onto the floor.
 Within seconds, Laurie had the Rubens painting off the wall and replaced it with the bare frame he'd brought with him. He glared at Petra. The instructions were for the benefit of the cleaning lady who would be able to confirm that she was also a victim.
 "Get the alarm on again," he snarled.
 Petra played the part perfectly. Acting terrified, she nodded, took the radio from the unconscious guard and spoke into it. "Petra here. Griff's got the trots he reckoned and has gone off to the toilet. You can turn Bay Six back on."
 "Right Petra," came the bored reply.
 Laurie walked over to the trembling cleaning lady. "If you move before five minutes is up Maureen, my girl, I'll tell your boss about the money you've been nicking from the weekend takings. Get it?"
 "How did you know that?" Maureen stammered. Her crinkled face was a picture of misery as the man just glared back. "Okay, I don't move for five minutes. I've got that."
 "You're coming with me!" screamed Laurie at Petra and the pair headed for the back door.
 However, as they walked through the exit an alarm began to wail.
 "Oh shit!" Petra retorted. "I didn't know about this. There must be a triggering device on the painting."
 "Now you tell me, you stupid bitch," Ellis hissed.
 He tore down the tiny alleyway to where their third accomplice was waiting in a Toyota, stolen for the purpose.
 "Quick!" Laurie snarled as he jumped in the passenger seat and slammed the door. "Plan B, Murray." He turned to Petra. "Give us time to get out of sight, then scream blue murder."
 "I know," Petra muttered.
 The car started moving just as another security guard reached the alleyway and Petra ran up to him. "They're in that car," she sobbed. "I thought they were going to make me go with them."
*
 As soon as the Toyota turned into the busy through road, sirens sounded and a police car approached from behind.
 "Shit that was quick!" gasped Murray.
 "A bloody door alarm we didn't count on went off, " Laurie replied with his face set hard. "Don't lose your cool." He gave curt instructions on his mobile phone. "You know the route."
 The driver nodded and accelerated just as a second police car turned in from a side road with screaming tyres. They were now squeezed between the two cars.
 "And you said we didn't need this alternative plan," Murray hissed and glared at Laurie.
 "Okay, I was wrong. If Petra had found out about that extra alarm…"
 "Okay." Murray smiled grimly. "Hang on, we do our sharp turn in the next block."
 "Right," Laurie muttered.
 Murray ran a red light into the next block and was now almost overtaking the police car in front. However, at the last moment he cut across the inside lane, braked, turned at a right angle, bounced over a road hump and entered a multi-storied car park building.
 "The cops are flowing us!" Laurie hissed.
 Murray grunted, turned the first tight corner to Level Two and drove to the next level.
 "They're just coming up the other end, " Laurie reported.
 "Good!" Murray snorted, turned the next bend and headed towards an opened door with the words Private Park painted in yellow letters across the top. He screeched to a stop inside and the door closed behind them just as the police car appeared.
 At the other end of the floor, an identical Toyota, driven by two little old ladies employed by Petra, disappeared around the corner with the police car close behind.
 "Quick!" snarled Laurie. "The place will be sealed within minutes."
 The two jumped out and hauled the painting into a small red van. The garage door opened and they drove out sedately, found an exit and reached the street just as two more police cars screamed to a halt in front of the white Toyota.
 "Shall I head to the airfield?" Murray asked in a calm voice.
 "My bloody oath," Laurie replied, wiping his brow. "We just about stuffed it up." The two men turned and grinned at each other.
 *
 Twenty minutes later, the red van pulled into a small airstrip, sixteen kilometres south of the city well away from the main commercial airport to the west.
 "Drive up to the aero club hanger," Laurie ordered. "You'll see a high winged single engine Cessna with the registration ZK HTG there."
 The van pulled to a halt and a man ambled towards them. "You're late," he muttered, holding his hand out. "Name's Grant Ryland. Have you got the package?"
 Laurie shook his hand. "There was a minor hitch but we came through okay. Petra said you own a high country sheep station a few hundred kilometres south and will be looking after our package for us."
 "Yeah." Grant grinned. "I've got a little wine cellar at home. It's perfectly dry and is never used. In fact, I don't even think Lavina, the wife, knows it exists."
 "Good," said Laurie. "You know the whole plan, I take it?"
 "Yes, I store it and fly it back up to this airport in about eight months after I receive a coded letter from Petra. For that I get my second half of the twenty thousand." He sniffed. "Talking about the money…"
 "Okay," Laurie snorted and handed Ryland a small cardboard package. "Ten thousand is there. Count it if you wish."
 "No need, " Grant replied. "After all, I have the painting now."
 He watched as the painting, now covered in the brown paper, was placed in the back of the Cessna. He shook hands with the pair again climbed aboard and started the engine.
 "I don't like him," Murray complained as the tiny plane lifted into the air. "He seemed a bit slick for me."
 "He must be reliable or the boss wouldn't have hired him." Laurie said.
 Murray frowned. This was the first time Laurie had mentioned somebody other than Petra. He stared at the other man but decided to ask no questions.
 "Okay," he said. "Now let's get you across to Auckland International Airport."
 Laurie nodded. "I had my face covered and the cleaner lady was shit scared but Petra said I should fly south for a few weeks." He shrugged. "Who am I to argue?"
*

CHAPTER 4
 The expletives reached Steve before he saw the speaker.
 Grant Ryland stood at the open door of the first classroom with a face like thunder.
 "Excuse me?" Steve replied and stretched up from where he had been sanding a new table.
 "I said no upstart young bastard from the city can keep fucking my wife and get away with it!" the man screamed and moved his right hand to show a hideous looking weapon like a Very Pistol, one of those used to fire distress flares, rather than a revolver.
 Steve swallowed bile. Thoughts rushed through his mind and for that fraction of a second he was sure he was about to be shot. His mind raced. Should he dive for cover, charge the man, plead innocence or scream that this bastard had mistreated Lavina for a dozen years? He gave a shrug and fixed the man with a firm stare.
 "Do you have a problem, Grant?" His calm voice, in no way reflected the inner turmoil.
 Ryland glowered and hesitated. The barrel of the weapon lowered slightly but the eyes were still wild in almost uncontrolled fury. "You're having an affair with Lavina," he stated in a quieter voice.
 "And I believe your activities with Mrs. Janice Ludlow are not altogether innocent," Steve retorted as anger replaced his initial fright.
 "You leave me bloody out of this." Ryland's voice rose again and Steve regretted his statement. The last thing he needed was to further aggravate the man.
 "Okay, Grant," he forced his voice back to calmness. "What say we talk about this rationally? Put that very pistol, or whatever it is, down. Shooting me is going to solve nothing."
 "Yeah!" Ryland grunted, raising the weapon so it pointed directly at Steve who felt sick inside. He wanted to rush Ryland, knock him to the ground and scream that a bastard like him didn't deserve someone as kind and loving as Lavina.
 However, Ryland was still talking. "I've been no angel, I guess. That's why I'm giving you all a fighting chance."
 "What do you mean?" Steve's face paled. It appeared this was more than an angry outburst of a man who had just discovered his wife had been unfaithful.
 "You'll see." Lavina's husband grunted. "Do one thing wrong and, I promise you'll never see your mistress again; her daughter either if it comes to that."
 "What have you done?" Steve spat through clenched teeth. He moved a step forward with clenched fists and eyes blazing. He knew he was a decade younger than Ryland and could easily match him if it came to a fight… if it wasn't for the gun.
"Simmer down, boy," Grant Ryland was now the calm one facing an irate opponent. "They're quite safe, but unable to communicate at the moment." He grinned and wiped his unshaven stubble, "
 "Why you..." Steve stopped when the man clicked back the safety catch on his weapon.
 "That's enough talk. Just do as I say and nobody will be hurt. First, pack up here and lock up like any normal Saturday afternoon. You'd better get your jacket on, too. It's cool out there."
Steve did what was asked and within a few minutes was driving his jeep Wrangler to Ryland's place. The sheer frustration of not knowing or being unable to retaliate made Steve's blood pressure boil. As his thoughts turned to Lavina and Cathy, he crunched through a gear, something he never normally did and turned into the driveway of the white house.
 "Go around the back. Next to the woolshed is an implement shed with one door open. Drive in and stop but leave your hands on the steering wheel," Ryland directed. "One false move boy…" His blue eyes cut right through Steve.
 "Okay," Steve said. "I get the message."
 The shed was a long corrugated iron structure with four large roller type doors along the front. The one, second to the right was open. Steve slowed and drove into the semi-dark interior. He found himself next to a single engine high wing monoplane. The door on the near side was open. Steve searched the aircraft for somehow he knew it was extremely important. At the back of the cockpit, he could see a blob of dark hair leaning against the glass. It was not moving!
 "Lavina!" he cried in anguish.
 "Observant of you," Ryland grunted. "Welcome to my trusty old Cessna."
 Steve wasn't listening. In one frantic leap, he was out the jeep door and running the ten meters towards the airplane without any thought to his own safety. He almost made it.
 Grant Ryland stood beside the jeep, raised his pistol and fired.
 Steve felt as if an express train had hit him, a red-hot needle pierced the back of the thick windbreaker he was wearing as he staggered forward. His arm reached a support bar of the aircraft's wing; he grabbed it, swung around and could see the interior. Lavina and Cathy were both slumped in the back. Steve blinked as a cloud of purple shot across his vision. Lavina and Cathy appeared to be asleep but not injured.
 Steve soon realized that he'd been hit by something that was not a bullet. He felt woozy but in a last desperate effort, he reached behind his shoulder and yanked a small dart from his shoulder blade, staggered and dropped to his knees. The scene went out of focus as he turned to see a distorted vision of Grant Ryland grinning at him.
 "An anaesthetic dart, my friend," Ryland snorted. "Used to bring down the big stags in the deer paddock. Works well on humans too, you see."
 Steve heard no more as everything shimmered white and he collapsed onto the wooden floor. The last thing he remembered was the smell of straw, cow dung and other farmyard aromas engulfing his senses.
*
 The car engine was so noisy and what a bumpy road! They must be on the back road to the school. Would Lavina be there today? Steve hoped so. He could see her gentle smile, but it wasn't real. He was dreaming. His eyelids felt like lead. For some reason it was important to wake up but he couldn't remember why. He forced his eyes open and the memories rushed back.
He was in an airplane flying over a dense valley of bush. He'd been kidnapped and Grant Ryland was sitting beside him piloting it. He shuddered, shook his aching head and pulled himself up.
 "So you're awake," Ryland muttered. "That's good. You can help unload."
 "What's happening?" Steve muttered and gazed around. Lavina and Cathy were still slumped unconscious in the back.
 "I gave 'em a needle to keep them out," Ryland said. "Can't have bloody nagging females screaming and bawling, now can we?" Steve stared at the man. Thoughts of retaliation swept into his mind but were immediately discarded. He wasn't a pilot so, like it or not, the three of them were at Grant Ryland's mercy.
 "This is the situation," Ryland ambled on in a voice that was too casual. "I'm a gambling man and, you wouldn't believe it but I like you, young fellow. Bloody great job you've done fixing the old school and letting the locals use the swimming pool was real kind. I guess it's not your fault Lavina here got her hooks into you."
 "Get to the point," Steve growled. Ryland glanced at him and Steve noticed the man's enlarged pupils. Steve had seen pupils like those before, round and dark with a lighter circle around them. He shuddered. Ryland was under the influence of some drug, which could be why the conversation was so casual. Steve wiped his dry lips and contemplated his next action but realized that at the moment all he could do was to try to pacify Ryland.
 "Oh yes," the farmer grunted, "I'm giving you a chance. If you come through, you can have Lavina. Cathy too, if you wish."
 "What chance?" Steve said calmly.
 "I'm dropping you all off on the top tussock. You have supplies for four days and a small tent. If you can make it out, you're home and hosed." He shrugged. "Of course the weather's turning to the worse and I heard snow's on its way in. I'd say you've got about a twenty percent chance of making it out. Normally it would be a three-day hike."
 Steve stared at the man. "That's just cold blooded murder," he whispered. "That's your wife and daughter at the back there. My God, man, just dump me off but take Lavina and Cathy home."
 "She's no wife of mine," Ryland's voice turned hard. "A slut who sleeps around doesn't deserve to live."
 Steve swallowed. "But Cathy!"
 "Yes, I was thinking about that. Sweet kid but she can be a ripe pain."
 Steve was no longer able to remain calm. "You're insane," he burst out, clenching his fists.
 "Would you rather I just tossed you all out? As I said, I'm a gambling man. I'm gambling you won't make it out." He laughed. "If you do, you can keep Lavina. Tell her if she comes to the farm again I'll use my shotgun. They're long odds, though."
 Steve clamped his mouth shut; frightened any comment would aggravate the situation. He watched as the bush and valley below changed to a high plateau of tussock. The flat area moved like an ocean as the brown plants waved in the prevailing wind.
 The pilot pushed the steering column forward, the engine rumble changed to a quieter pitch and Steve saw a narrow strip of stunted grass. A tatty orange windsock shook horizontally on a bent pole at the end.
 "Your new home is an old topdressing strip." Ryland laughed as a small, lethal automatic appeared in his offside hand. "One false move and you get it in the neck, Garnet," he continued, his tone now threatening "Bullet two will be the girlfriend and bullet three her daughter. You have their lives in your hands."
 "Okay," Steve muttered, moving his hands out wide. His eyes blazed with fury as he stared at this monster.
 "Good. I'll miss Lavina in some ways. Great figure."
 Steve gritted his teeth but said nothing as the aircraft's engine cut back, the flaps lowered and wheels touched ground. Moments later they had halted. Under Ryland's direction, backed by the automatic, Steve half dragged and half lifted Lavina and later Cathy out of the back seat and carried them away from the Cessna. It was freezing and an icy wind cut directly into him. He hauled three canvas bags out from behind the back seat and tossed them on the ground.
 "Shut the door," Ryland snapped. His frame was turned and the revolver aimed straight at Steve. "No last heroics. Think of the girls all by themselves."
 "Can I have that first aid kit?" Steve asked and nodded to the small tin container fastened to the fuselage just beside the door he was closing.
 "Sure, why not?"
 Grant Ryland watched as Steve pulled the item off the wall and slammed the door shut. "By the way, there's an old track down, due north. See yah in hell, buddy!"
 The engine roared and Steve flung himself to the ground as the pilot made a violent hundred and eighty-degree turn and a wing whizzed over Steve's head. The Cessna accelerated up the grass strip with the motor screaming at full revolutions in the high altitude. Wheels lifted, wings wobbled and it was gone. The engine sound faded and was replaced by the forlorn moan of wind across the tussock.
 Shivering, Steve pulled his jacket close. He had to make a shelter before everyone froze. After finding Lavina and Cathy's condition unchanged, he checked the bags. There was one heavy-duty sleeping bag that he unzipped and used to cover the two unconscious victims while he continued his inspection. Thank God! One bag contained a small tent.
 It took some doing in the freezing wind but Steve found a slight dip and clipped together the aluminium poles, hooked on the guide ropes and had the small tent assembled. He unzipped the front; dragged Lavina and Cathy inside over the blue fabric floor and zipped up the flap. By now, his hands were blue and every breath puffed out huge clouds of condensation. The next bag contained the rations, adequate for five days if rationed. There was a two-litre container of water, and a small gas cooker with a screw-in cylinder of fuel. The third had spare clothes for Lavina and Cathy.
 Grant Ryland was true to his word. Everything was designed to last exactly four days. Whether Lavina's husband was insane, a ruthless killer or reckless gambler, Steve didn't know, but at least they were safe for a while. He blew on his hands and decided to crawl into the tent to restore circulation to his numb limbs. He'd wait until the others woke up and then perhaps light the cooker.
 He wriggled in between Lavina and Cathy, zipped the tent shut and pulled the sleeping bag over them all. With chatting teeth, he lay looking at the orange roof above and held his lover and her daughter in a close embrace so slowly their body heat flowed into him and, for the first time since leaving the plane warmth returned to his aching body. Outside, the wind howled across the bent tussock. A large black cloud blotted out the sun and the temperature dropped.
*
 Fifteen minutes later Lavina woke up and stared, dumbfounded, at the tiny orange fabric surrounding her.
 "Steve!" she stuttered. "How did you get here?"
 "I'll explain," Steve said, moving slightly so both arms encircled her. He kissed her on the cheek and brought her up to date.
 "Oh my God, Steve!" Lavina's eyes filled with tears. "He was like a mad man. I thought he'd kill me at the farm!"
 "Forget about it," Steve soothed. "We're safe for the moment "
 "Cathy!" Lavina suddenly screamed. "She tried to protect me and he just flung her aside. I've seen him like this before. He could kill her… my God, Steve!" Her whole body shuddered as she buried her face in his chest. Huge sobs came and continued for several moments while Steve just held on, stroked and kissed her hair.
 "Cathy is safe," he whispered in her ear.
 "How do you know?" Lavina snapped. "You don't know! Grant was high on drugs. He could have done anything." Her sobs continued with large tears rolling down her shivering, white face.
 "She's with us, Lavina." Steve arched himself up on one arm so the twelve year old could be seen behind him. "Cathy hasn't woken up yet but her pulse is strong."
 Lavina stared. "Cathy," she whispered as her expression went through a series of emotions. "Oh Steve," she cried and hugged him again. "The bastard's left us here to die. I'm so sorry. I should never have come to your place that day. It's all my fault"
 "We will be okay, Lavina. We're together and have got Cathy. I wouldn't want it any other way." Steve gave a small grin and moved back into a crouch position at the front of the tent. "I'll get us something warm to drink."
 After zipping his jacket right up, he opened the flap and crawled out into the freezing air. He found the cooker and secured it in some loose dirt behind a small bank. Time ticked away but it wasn't too long before a small tin of vegetable soup was almost to the boil. As the soup simmered, Steve searched for some bowls or containers, finally finding three plastic mugs. His thoughts were racing, and he didn't hear Cathy stir.
 The girl's shrill voice filled the air. "Mum! It's all your fault! You know what's Dad's like! You didn't have to screw Steve."
 The zip of the front flap was yanked down and Cathy came flying out, her eyes red with tears. Without even glancing at Steve, the girl jumped to her feet clamoured up the small incline to the left and disappeared out of sight.
 Lavina's own tearful face appeared. "She doesn't understand. I tried to explain."
 "Okay," Steve said. "You look after the soup and I'll go after her."
 Lavina nodded and Steve chased after the girl. Freezing wind hit him as soon as he came over the rise but Cathy was already fifteen meters away on the short mossy airstrip, pounding her legs as if it were a hundred meter track race. She was fit and fast but Steve was faster.
 He caught her with a firm grab of the shoulders and waited for flinging arms and scratching fingernails to assail him, but they didn't. Instead, the youngster just turned and sobbed with uncontrollably into his chest.
 "Your mum loves, you, Cathy," Steve said quietly. "When she woke up, the first thing she asked about was you."
 "I know," Cathy sobbed. "I heard and pretended to be still asleep...but I was right."
 "How?" Steve said kindly.
 "If Mum hadn't sucked up to you, Dad wouldn't have got mad and done this!" She shivered and gazed out at the bleak tussock.
 "And your mum's unhappy life would have continued. I repeat, she loves you Cathy. She told me you were the only reason she'd stayed with your father."
 The youngster looked up. "But why did she go to bed with you?"
 "She was lonely… and so was I, and…" he stumbled over the words. "I love your mother, Cathy. Is that wrong?"
 "What you did was." She pouted but the anger died a little in her voice.
 "Yes it was," Steve admitted. "In a perfect world we wouldn't have sneaked away to be together. But if your father treated your mum with love and respect, she wouldn't have needed to find love elsewhere. Remember, it was you who told me how disgusted you were with your father."
 Cathy nodded and wiped a finger in the corner of each eye. "That's the trouble, Steve. I love Mum and I want her to be happy." She glanced up. "Why couldn't you have been my Dad, Steve instead of that pig of a man."
 "Perhaps if I had met your mum thirteen years ago, I might have been, but look at it this way. If it weren't for your Dad, there wouldn't be an intelligent young lady here with me right now. I'm sure he wasn't always bad."
 "No, only the last few years," admitted the girl, "He was good to me until I went away to school, then he changed. Mum and him would barely talk and when they did it was one big argument about the farm, money or his women. He just ignored me or snapped orders all the time. The more I tried to please him the more critical he became."
 "And your mum was going through that all the time, Cathy. At least you had a break when you went back to school."
 The youngster burst into tears again. "I was so lonely, Steve. I'd cry myself to sleep in the dormitory and the older girls teased me. When I was at school I wished I was home then at home I wished I was back at school."
 "Well that's over now but please don't blame your mum. You're all she has now."
 "No," sniffed Cathy. She stood away from Steve and swished her hair back.
 "What do you mean?" Steve asked.
 "She has you, Steve and I'm glad." A smile appeared through the tears.
 "We all have each other." Steve grinned. "I have no family so, with your permission, I'd like your mum and yourself to be my family, the three of us."
 "But I'm just a nuisance to have around."
 "Never, Cathy." Steve gave Cathy a gentle hug. "Never in a million years. Come on. Let's go back to the tent before we freeze."
 "Right, Steve."
 When she saw Lavina walking towards them, Cathy broke out of Steve's arms and ran into her mother's. "I'm sorry, Mum." She cried and buried her head in her mother's neck. “I love you."
 Lavina held her and glanced over the shuddering shoulders until her eyes found Steve. "Thank you," she mouthed and there was relief in her eyes. "Come on, sweetheart, our soup's getting cold."
 She walked back with an arm around Cathy but reached back with her other hand to find Steve. Cold fingers gripped his hand and squeezed so hard he had to smile. Somehow, he didn't even notice the cold wind buffeting them as they headed back to the warmth of their tiny tent.
*

CHAPTER 5
 "We have to get off the tussock before nightfall," Steve warned. "It's cold now but will be far worse after dark."
 Cathy stood shivering until Lavina placed the sleeping bag around her shoulders and told her to sit in the shelter of the bank while she and Steve took the tent down.
 "What way are we going, Steve?" Cathy asked.
 "Your father told me to go north where there's a track."
 "That means we go south," Lavina snapped. "I know Grant well enough to know he would never plan an elaborate abduction like this and volunteer information to make it easier for us."
 Steve frowned. "Are you sure?"
 "Yes," Lavina replied. She glanced out over the tussock where two white-capped mountains rose in the distance. "They would be pretty much to our north. We should go the other way." She smiled and hugged her daughter. "Don't worry. If this was a topdressing strip, the chances are there is a track of some sort to provide access for the service vehicles."
 "That's a point," Steve admitted. "Okay, girls. South it is."
 He handed the tent pack to Cathy and slung the heaviest backpack over his own shoulders. Lavina placed the remaining backpack over her shoulders and they were off. The wind was a westerly and pounded them from the side. The tussock provided only irritation as the sharp thin grass-like leaves hindered every step as they plodded on. After an hour, Steve took Cathy's bag and placed a supporting arm around her shoulders. Lavina slipped her arm through Steve's other arm and glanced up into his eyes. Their cheeks and hands were freezing but momentum kept the rest of their bodies reasonably warm.
 "Are we getting anywhere, Steve?" Cathy asked. Her blue lips contrasted sharply with the red perspiring face and neck.
 "Yes. See that tiny row of trees ahead?"
 Cathy squinted ahead. "Those? " 
 "That's right. That's the bush line where we're heading. The trees are much closer than when I spied them half an hour ago." He turned to Lavina. "Do you want to stop for a rest?"
 "No," she panted. "Let's keep going. It's four o'clock. It's less than two hours before the sun goes down."
 Steve felt exhausted but was overwhelmed at the fortitude of his companions. Neither of them complained or slowed him down; in fact it was almost the other way around with him having to increase his own stride to keep pace with them. The straps from the backpacks were beginning to chafe and he was sure the lightweight shoes he was wearing had caused a couple of blisters.
 With infinite slowness, the row of trees grew taller and the tussock changed to spiny bushes. The going was easier now with more room between the vegetation. The tussock petered out; the bushes became overhead height and blocked the view behind. Underfoot, the ground became muddy and they had to squelch along in single file with Steve leading and Lavina supporting her daughter from the rear. It was also warmer with the bushes cutting out the wind.
 Another hour passed and they were in shadows with the sinking sun out of sight. Still they plodded on. Steve felt Cathy's hand tucked into his belt and heard Lavina begin to sing a little tune he remembered from school days. Cathy joined in and soon they were all singing together as they moved forward.
 "Look!" shouted Cathy when they came to a small rise. "The bush!"
 Steve stood and placed an arm around his companions. They'd reached the edge of the plateau and there was now a steep descent to a tree filled valley. The large trees they had seen earlier lined the opposite hillside and now appeared to be above them.
 "Is that water I hear?" Lavina said. She reached up and kissed Steve on the cheek, flushed and glanced in embarrassment at her daughter.
 "Mum, I don't mind," Cathy replied in a serious voice. "You kiss Steve all you want. We're a family, now."
Steve smiled and rubbed her hair. "That is water," he said. "Probably the beginning of a stream. You can hear it bubbling over rocks."
They stopped talking and listened. There was the distinct murmur of a chattering stream and the call of several birds. After the monotonous howl of the wind on the tussock, it sounded positively friendly.
They reached the stream, a tiny tumble of water splashing over smooth rocks between two grassy banks. With just enough vision in the falling light to erect the tent, the trio set up camp before sitting down to remove smelly socks from aching feet. Steve did have two large blisters but Cathy's feet were in a far worse condition. Her little toes on both feet were swollen and a blotchy red and black. She winced but never complained when Lavina smeared on antiseptic cream and wrapped them with bandages.
Steve found a torch in the bottom of his pack and placed it by the tent flap for easy access and started the cooker. Water from the stream appeared to be clear of contaminants but Steve still warned against drinking it. 
"There should be some purification tablets in the first aid kit, " he said. "The giardia parasite is in most streams now-a-days." He fumbled through and found a sheet of foil encased tablets and added one to a pot of water. "It'll be fine by morning," he said.
 The darkness crept in, together with insects and night noises, hoots, crackles and the friendly stream cackling. After a small meal, everyone looked better. Steve had no extra clothes to change into so he just joked about walking upwind from everyone in the morning.
 "You'll have quite a stubble, too but I think we'll keep you around," Lavina said
 "Thanks." Steve grabbed her and rubbed his rough chin over her face before kissing her firmly on the lips.
 "Steve!" Lavina protested. "Cathy's here."
 "She slipped off for the call of nature." He laughed and kissed Lavina again.
 This time she responded with a passion he was starting to know so well. "But that's all tonight, young man," she retorted. "Understand?"
 "Yes, my dear," he answered.
 "Steve"
 "Yes?"
 "What are our chances?" Lavina's voice grew serious.
 "If you'd asked me just after you woke up I wouldn't have been very hopeful but I now think there is a very good chance. We have a stream to follow, are out of the exposed tussock and have food."
 Lavina nodded. "I love you, Steve," she added quietly and stood up. "You are the best thing that has happened to me in years."
 "Funny," he replied. "I was thinking almost the same thing. You're the best thing for me, too. When you're near me I feel complete. Perhaps fate has played a hand."
 "Even after this?"
 "Yes." He held her close and gently squeezed her breasts through her clothes as they kissed again...a long kiss of love and thoughts of things to come.
 *
On Steve's insistence, Lavina and Cathy crawled in the sleeping bag together and he zipped it up. Afterwards, he covered himself with as many items as possible and lay down beside them in the darkness. It was cold and uncomfortable but not enough so as to be dangerous to their health. At one point, Steve was so stiff he crawled outside and forced himself to run in place for several moments. He felt ridiculous but knew it would be foolish to try to run or even walk around in the pitch darkness. Finally, puffed but with the circulation restored, he crawled in beside his companions and lay down. A warm hand reached out and squeezed his and Lavina bent across in the darkness to kiss him.
 It was light when Steve woke to find a warm mug of instant coffee placed in his hand.
 "Men," snorted Cathy. "Always expecting to be looked after."
 Steve sat up, took the mug and smiled at the girl. She was already dressed and looked fresh and chirpy. "Thanks, Cathy. Sleep well?"
 "Once you and Mum shut up," Cathy said. "Then Mum rolled over and squashed me." She smiled. "If anything I was too hot."
 "Breakfast!" Lavina called out. "The choice of hot porridge or water. Take your pick."
 Steve crawled out and saw Lavina also dressed in clean clothes and looking as fresh as her daughter. "You look beautiful," he whispered when she glanced back.
 "You don't," she retorted. "You need a shave."
 "Yeah," he grunted and ran a hand over his stubble. "That's something I can't do much about, I guess."
 After breakfast, Steve suggested he go back up to the edge of the bush and walk along in an attempt to find any road or track but Lavina objected. "No," she said in a determined voice. "Wherever we go, we go together. I am not going to risk losing you."
 "I agree with Mum," Cathy added.
 "Okay," Steve responded. "I think we need to decide what to do, then. Shall we follow the stream down or go back up to the tussock and follow the perimeter around in the hope of finding a track?"
 "It's quite a way up back up through those bushes and there is no guarantee there is a track," Lavina said.
 "And if there is one it may cross the stream anyhow," Cathy said. "I think we should follow the stream."
 "Okay," Steve said. "We'd better be going soon, though and, Cathy you make sure your feet are re-bandaged."
 "Sure Steve." She grinned. "Will you do it for me?"
 Steve smiled and crouched down in front of her. He gently removed the bandage and inspected her toes that were still swollen and tender. “They're looking a little better,” he lied. Pouring some warm water left over from breakfast in a small basin, he dabbed her toes clean, applied more cream and some fresh bandages.
 "They went a bit numb when you warmed them and are pretty sore," Cathy admitted. "Especially the left one."
 Lavina frowned as she packed their gear. "I think you've got a fan for life," she whispered when Cathy was out of earshot. "If I had offered to wrap her feet she'd have snapped my head off."
 Steve grinned. "We're a family," he said. "Steve Garnet's instant family; what more could I ask for?"
 "A quick trip out of here for one," Lavina replied. "Second..."
 "Okay," Steve interrupted. He gave her a playful slap on the bottom and began to pull down the tent. The other two joined in and within ten minutes, they were on their way following the tiny stream down a valley between steep bush covered slopes. The cold air grew warmer as the sun rose and the dripping foliage dried out while, in some sections, sunlight filtered through the overhead trees.
 The groundcover, consisting of ferns, rocks and coarse grass was quite easy underfoot but Steve had to constantly bend his head beneath low branches while Cathy made a habit of tripping over vines that hung everywhere. The stream became wider and steeper with numerous little rapids and waterfalls but there were always rocks beside it to use as stepping-stones. By eleven, the three were hot and tired. Cathy had begun to limp a little and Steve offered to examine her toes again.
 "I think your shoes are a little narrow and are pushing your little toe in," he said after she peeled off a sock. 
"At least they aren't sore today," Cathy replied. She slipped her footwear back on and jumped up. "Come on, you guys. We'd better be going."
 With regained enthusiasm, she clambered to a lower rock and made her way further down.
 "Don't get out of sight," Lavina called as she made her way more sedately down the rocks.
*
 The stream was now a shallow width of water running between massive rocks piled on each other like a giant's stepping-stones. Small branches were often caught between the rocks and necessitated climbing over, around or under in order to proceed. On each side was a short grass area before fernery and larger trees grew on steep banks towering above the three trampers. It was like walking along the base of the letter 'V'.
 "Come on!" yelled Cathy. She was still in front and her nimble frame found the going easier than the two adults behind her. She leaped down one more rock and stopped.
 The stream had gone! In front was nothing but the sky above a hillside of thick bush across another steep valley. Cathy stepped forward for a better view when a small rock beneath the foot she'd just transferred her weight to, moved.
 She screamed and attempted to throw her weight backwards. Partially successful, she landed on her buttocks and skidded downwards. Desperate arms swung out, grabbed an overhanging branch and held on.
 Cathy stared down and gasped. The stream had become a waterfall. There was nothing below except a small sloping ledge and a vertical plunge into the depths below.
 "Help me!" she screamed as her arms began to ache and the grip on the branch slipped. She skidded three meters downwards over vegetation. With a rush of tumbling stones that bounced forward into the void she was propelled sideways and managed to land across a tree trunk that stuck out from the bank. She gasped and grabbed a branch above her with both hands. Her forward momentum was stopped but she found herself suspended above a waterfall. 
*
 As soon as he heard Cathy scream, Steve rushed forward. In three almighty bounds, he was at the position where she had slipped and saw her head disappear below as screams rent the air.
 "Oh my God!" Lavina gasped from behind.
 Steve looked at his partner's drained face. "It's okay," he said. "She's landed on a tree branch."
 He slipped his backpack off, handed it back to Lavina and studied the immediate surrounds.
 "Steve!" screamed Cathy.
 "Don't move," Steve called. "Hang on and look up at your mum or myself. I'll come and get you.”
 "You can't," screamed the petrified girl. 'There's no room."
 "Hang in there,” Steve forced his voice to be calm. "You're quite safe. That tree you're on is secure and will hold your weight. Don't look down, understand?"
 Wide eyes fixed on him. "Yes Steve." The voice was a little calmer. "My arms are aching.
 "Okay, slide your left hand along near your right one. Them move yourself forward towards the bank."
 Cathy looked terrified but managed to slide herself forward along the branch that she sat on.
 "I'm near the bank but there's nowhere to go," she sobbed.
 "Take a big breath, count to three and slowly let the air out. Do this four times, okay?"
 He watched as the youngster sucked air in, held it and blew out. This had a calming effect and her shaking body returned to normal.
 "Steve!" Lavina gasped and he looked up. Her face portrayed an inner turmoil almost as frantic as her daughter's.
 "Stay here," Steve coached. "It's actually not too steep. I'll go down and help Cathy up. When I do, I want you to make sure you're secure so can help when she climbs back up."
 Lavina nodded and edged closer as Steve turned and let himself down. "Tell me when my feet are inside where the tree grows out of the bank," he called down to Cathy.
 "A bit further to the left, Steve… it's hidden by leaves… Good, now if you hang on that branch by your knee you can swing down to my tree…" 
 It was only when he arrived near her, that Cathy lost her nerve.
 " I can't move," she cried. "If I let go…"
"Yes you can," Steve said. "It's only a meter or so. Just repeat what you did before and slide forward."
He stretched out until his hand reached her closest one. She stared at him, let the branch she was holding go with one hand and almost lost her balance.
"Steve!"
 He grabbed her hand and pulled her in. She was dead weight and her hand slippery but he couldn't let go.  With one arm wedged around the tree he was secure but Cathy was still suspended above the sheer drop.
"I've got you," Steve gasped. "Grab my arm with your other hand and slide in."
"I can't!"
"Do it!"
Cathy stared at him, swallowed and sort of launched herself forward with a plaintiff cry. She flung her arms around his neck and was, for a second, hanging over empty space with her legs dangling beside the branch.
Steve swung his free arm around and gripped her waist. She was slipping!
"Reach out with your feet. The branch is there," he gasped. "It will take your weight."
Cathy held him so tightly he almost choked but she managed to get one foot to the branch. It took her weight and Steve pulled her in.
 "We're fine," he said after he made sure they were both secure. "The climb back up is no more difficult than those we've tackled all day. I'll be behind you and your mum is at the top."
 "I can't, Steve! I'm scared!"
 Steve could feel the youngster shaking in his arms and see her wide eyes and blood drained face staring at him.
 "Of course you're scared," he replied in a quiet voice. "Only a fool wouldn't be. Just pretend you're back up on the trail and don't look down. If you slip, I'll catch you. Okay?"
 "I'll try."
Steve glanced up to where Lavina was firmly wedged behind a rock and reaching down. "Come on, sweetheart," she encouraged. "My hand is only a couple of meters above you."
 "Oh, Mum!" Cathy cried.
 Steve held her waist and gave the surprisingly heavy girl a shove up. She placed one foot behind another small tree trunk, used Steve's cupped hand as a support, and then his shoulder. She glanced down and froze.
 "Steve!" she screamed.
 "It's okay," he said, moving up behind. He grabbed a dangling foot and guided it over to the higher branch. "Put your weight on that foot, Cathy then pull yourself up to that rocky bit. Once you get your left foot wedged in there, you'll be able to reach your mum's hand."
 Cathy's chin was shaking so hard she could barely speak. Her foot reached the rock wedge but there was not enough momentum for her body to follow. Her balance was almost lost and she uttered a terrified scream.
 Steve grabbed her buttocks and heaved her up. Cathy reached out with her arms, found a clump of grass and pulled. Her second leg reached the wedge behind the tree branch and she pulled herself into the cliff. Perspiration rolled down her neck and body but she was secure.
 "Marvellous!" Steve said. "You're half way. Now use the rocks as stepping stones."
 "There's nothing to hold on to!" Cathy whimpered.
 "Stop and take those big breaths like you did earlier," Steve called. "Take four of them."
 Cathy could be seen holding her breath, mentally counting and breathing out and it seemed to work. Then she reached out, found a handhold, stepped up and grabbed her mother's hand.
 "I've got you, sweetheart," Lavina called out.
 Cathy fixed her eyes on her mother and continued up until finally she was in her mother's arms half laughing and half crying. 
Steve clamoured up and, within a minute, was in a massive bear hug with both Lavina and Cathy. The emergency was over.
"What now?" Lavina asked after they'd moved away from the cliff edge. 
 "We go back," Steve replied. "The cliff goes in each direction as far as I could see. There's no way down."
 He expected a retort but Lavina and Cathy both nodded in agreement and hitched the backpacks on. 
*
By mid afternoon they were back to the same place they set off from that morning and could even see the flattened grass where the tent had been pitched earlier.
 "Just like home." Lavina sighed and sat down.
 "I'll pitch the tent and then I'll go back to the top. You two stay here." He smiled at Lavina's concerned face. "No, Cathy's exhausted and so are you. There are a couple of hours of light. I promise I'll mark my way so I won't get lost. See you about five."
 "Okay, Steve." Lavina kissed him. Cathy jumped up and flung her arms around his neck and kissed him too.
 "You know Steve," she laughed. "You should grow a beard. I reckon you'd be cool with a beard."
 "I just might." Steve grinned, winked at Lavina and headed up to the tussock.
*
 A few moments later, Cathy was sitting up in the sleeping bag both her arms tucked around her knees and looking her old self again. "Mum, when we get out of here can we move in with Steve?"
Lavina sat down beside her daughter. "That's really up to him, isn't it?" she whispered.
 "I guess but he needs a shove now and then." She grinned. "Like when I got him to call you."
 Lavina gave a slight grin. "Have you a special reason or is it because you like him?"
 "Both," Cathy replied. "I haven't said anything but…"
 "Go on."
 "I want to leave my school." Cathy gulped. "If you don't suck up to the older girls they treat you like hell. I refuse to suck up to anyone."
 "Cathy," Lavina snapped. "Don't use that word."
 "But it's true Mum. If you lived with Steve, I could go to one of the ordinary schools. It'll save you a fortune in fees, too."
 "I thought you liked Emerson Heights Middle School."
 "The school itself is fine but I can't stick the boarding. You can't say I haven't tried. This is my second year there."
 "Okay." Lavina smiled. "Let's get out of here first. After that, we have lots of decisions to make. One thing I promise, though…"
 "What's that Mum?"
 "Whatever we decide it will be what's best for both of us. Is that fair?"
 "No!" Cathy replied. "The three of us. We should include Steve, now."
 Lavina gazed at her daughter's earnest eyes and decided Cathy wasn't just being light-hearted. If nothing else, the enforced trip into the bush had helped the two of them grow closer together.
 "The three of us sounds great by me," she whispered and stared out at the trees.
 Somehow, the situation they were in didn't seem quite the tragedy it appeared at first or could have been only a few hours earlier. She smiled at her daughter and went to see what she could cook for them all; something warm, Steve would be frozen on his return.
 "I'll help." Cathy appeared beside her mother. " I'm feeling fine now. We'll need to add a tablet to another pot of drinking water."
 She picked up the little pot and headed down to the stream.
*

CHAPTER 6
Steve was about to give up and return to camp when he spied what looked like a break in the shrubbery at the edge of the tussock. His watch showed it was twenty to five and sunset was only a little over an hour away.
 "Okay buddy," he muttered to himself. "I'll check here then head back."
 The tussock plateau was like a lake in the centre of the shrubbery, an elongated ellipse where the conditions were too severe for shrubs to grow. In his own estimation, Steve reckoned he had walked around south of the tussock and was now east of the camp. In theory, therefore, he could return across the centre so the journey back would be shorter.
 He pulled his collar up against the inevitable icy wind and lengthened his stride. It definitely looked promising. Grass rather than tussock grew and appeared to continue downhill. Steve walked further in and breathed a sigh of relief.
 In front was a rotting wooden sign. One side had become disconnected from the post it had been bolted to, so it hung down lopsided but the words were readable.
 Stainer's Track. Top Ridge Hut, 4 Hours. 
An arrow pointed downhill. Steve moved in closer and saw a small square of orange reflectorised metal. He knew there was usually a marker placed within vision of the one before it. He glanced ahead. The shrubbery was growing in and weeds and grass covered the area but another tiny orange marker was nailed to a tree trunk ahead. He walked to it, stood and looked around. Yes! There was a third nailed to a large tree at the beginning of the bush itself.
 Satisfied, he walked back and tied a large strip of material from the singlet he'd been marking the route with, around a tall shrub and gazed across the tussock. Clouds sweeping across the plateau were becoming thicker. They could descend within moments so he decided to return the way he came around the perimeter of the tussock rather than attempt to walk across the centre. With luck, he would still be back before nightfall and he had the torch if it was needed. Steve stepped forward with a renewed optimism and began whistling softly to himself as he headed back.
 *
By six, it was almost dark and a drizzly rain settled over the camp. Lavina tried, for Cathy's sake, to appear optimistic as they returned from the stream with two armfuls of old dry wood.
 "Steve will be fine," she said. "If we get the fire going, it will be a homing beacon for him."
 Cathy dropped her load next to the spluttering fire of smoke.
 "Hell Mum," she muttered. "The drizzle's put it out."
 "No," Lavina replied. "Put some of the small dry bits on and when it bursts into flames, add larger pieces. Once the heat builds up, the rain won't make any difference."
 Cathy nodded. "I'm getting cold." She shivered. "We need the fire to warm us."
 The pair sat down and coached the fire along so, within a few minutes, the kindling was burning fiercely and larger pieces began to ignite. The smoke became less as the heat increased and that wonderful smell of burning driftwood filled the air. True to Lavina's words, the drizzle around the fire evaporated and flickering flames became so hot Cathy had to shift back a few meters.
 The dancing orange light and smoke that seemed to be squashed by the drizzle overhead, disguised the increasing darkness beyond their immediate area. It was Cathy who looked out and noticed that the trees were now only dark silhouettes against a black sky.
 "It's getting dark, Mum. Will Steve be okay?"
 "He'll be fine. He has the torch and promised to mark the way. He's done a lot of tramping and knows what he's doing." She wiped a hand over her face and realized her hands shook a little as her eyes focused on the slope above.
 *
By nine thirty Lavina was worried, extremely worried. Cathy was asleep and wrapped snugly in the sleeping bag in the tent, the fire was still burning and a pile of red embers formed a solid base. Lavina moved closer to the flames and, using a long stick, moved the unburned outer sections of wood into the hot interior where they instantly caught alight and a shower of orange sparks drifted through the air.
 She stood up, stretched and for the fourth or fifth time in as many minutes, stared into the blackness with gloomy thoughts filling her mind. Without Steve, all was lost. She and Cathy couldn't survive without him. The food was already half gone, Cathy's feet were a mess and she had abrasions down both legs and one arm. She was physically well but knew that if the weather turned worse, their chances of survival would diminish.
 She tossed two more pieces of wood on the fire. Tiny tongues of flame cackled and curled around the new wood, there was a slight hiss and larger flames burst into the night air. She saw Cathy was sound asleep so zipped her jacket up and made her way up through the shrubbery to the tussock.
Drizzle and wind ripped into her when she climbed out from the sheltered hillside. The view was of total darkness as the wind howled through the tussock, like those old movies of ghosts and haunted houses. Lavina shivered from both the cold and, she had to admit, trepidation. She turned and the view of the burning fire helped overcome her fear of the lonely night.
 After one more glance into the darkness she decided it was ridiculous staying on the bleak plateau and was about to return to camp when she spied something. A tiny light twinkled across the tussock. She wiped drizzle from her wet face and squinted. Yes, it was a light!
 "Steve, is that you?" she yelled but the wind seemed to tug her words away. "Steve!"
 She walked half a dozen steps into the darkness. "Hello!" a faint reply came back.
 "Steve!" Lavina screamed and burst into a run. She stumbled over tussock but didn't care. The circle of light grew larger and she could see the shape of his body behind it. "Steve!" she yelled again.
 Suddenly he was there, in her arms. His scruffy unshaven face was rubbing into her cheek. Their lips met and Lavina burst into tears.
 "I thought you were lost," she sobbed. "Don't do that to me."
 "I had to return the long way," he apologized and told her the good news.
 Lavina clung to him and sloshed in kisses between his words. "Oh Steve! I don't know what we would have done."
 "Where's Cathy?" he replied as Lavina slipped in beside him and they began to walk back towards a faint flickering reflection of the fire through the foggy drizzle.
 "She's sound asleep. There's our fire." Lavina tucked her arm around his waist and placed her head on his shoulder. "I should be angry with you, you know."
 "I'm sorry, Lavina, but if I'd returned any earlier I would have missed the track."
 They walked back down to the warmth of the fire together and Lavina pulled a pot of bubbling water from the flames, poured some into two waiting mugs and handed Steve a steaming coffee. She went to the tent and saw her daughter was still snoring away and returned to sit beside Steve. An arm wrapped around her and they swapped news. Gradually the fire died and Lavina checked on her daughter once more. Cathy was sound asleep.
 "I changed my mind," Lavina whispered to Steve.
 "About what?"
 "I don't want to wait until we get home. Cathy's asleep, it's quite warm out here and…" She stopped and took both her lover's hands but let one go so he could pull her jacket zip down and lifted her jersey up.
 Their love making under a secluded tree away from the tent was every bit as passionate and desperate as the very first time.
 "Steve," Lavina moaned as her nipples tightened and a frantic orgasm shuddered through her receptive body. She clutched at him, kissed his lips, his neck, his hair. She pressed her fingernails into his shoulders as she responded in frantic passion to his penetration. Slowly they both recovered from mutual orgasms before they sat up and realized it was cold.
 Lavina smiled at her lover for a second but her lip quivered and she began to cry softly.
 "Why the tears?" He kissed her lips and clasped her again to his chest.
 "Just relief," Lavina said, sniffling. “It could have been… Oh Steve, first I almost lost Cathy…then you were so late returning … I thought you were lost. All day today we tramped but got nowhere."
 "But tomorrow we'll walk out," Steve said. "Come on. I could do with some more coffee and a bite to eat."
 Lavina stood and fastened up her clothes. "There's some tinned sausages," she said. "I kept them warm for you."
 She hesitated and her eyes almost glowed in the darkness. "Steve can I be very cheeky?" she asked in a shy voice.
 "Go ahead." His own voice sounded choked with emotion, as if he anticipated what was about to be said.
 "Can Cathy and I move in to your apartment when we get out of here? She suggested it." Lavina repeated the earlier conversation she had had with her daughter. "If it's no trouble, I'll take her out of the boarding school. She can either be a day pupil or attend a local public school. But only if you want it that way."
 "I do," Steve said. "I've wanted it to be like that for weeks, now, almost since I first met you." He kissed her again. "Now about those sausages…"
 "Just like the old cliché." Lavina laughed. "The best way to get to a man is through his stomach."
 She walked over, placed the last three pieces of wood on the fire, moved the blackened pot from the edge of the embers to the hotter central section and gave the food a stir.
 *
 Morning dawned, cold and crisp with the exposed grass white with frost. The three stiff and tired refugees stoked the fire, cooked some more porridge and packed up.
 "Monday morning," Steve gave a sideways grin. "I guess someone down there will be missing us soon."
 "I was due back at school by eight last night," Cathy said as she pulled on a second pair of socks, both used and dirty but warmth was more important than hygiene at the moment. "Old Mrs. Howlett will be mad." She smiled and puffed condensation into the air. "I'd rather be here with you and Mum anyhow, Steve."
 "Surely, Grant has come to his senses by now," Lavina added. "The last time he was high on those drugs he slept for a day and regretted his actions." She grimaced. "That was the last time he was violent and afterwards he used all his charm to persuade me not to walk out." She shrugged and shook her head. "Like a fool, I believed him."
 *
Sunday morning for Grant Ryland was the usual alcoholic hangover complementing the withdrawal symptoms from Saturday's Uppers.
 "Damn the woman!" he muttered as he staggered out to feed the dogs. He wandered past the implement shed and spied the jeep. Oh hell! He'd forgotten about that.
 After he'd tossed some food at the dogs, he lifted his motorbike into the rear of the vehicle and headed up the road. Within ten minutes, the gravel changed to clay and mud. Grant switched in four-wheel drive, low ratio and continued another four kilometres until he was in thick bush and at the entrance of one of the walking tracks.
 "This'll do," he muttered and parked the vehicle beneath an overhanging tree. He dragged his motorbike out the back, locked up the jeep, tossed the keys away into thick undergrowth and headed home on the bike. During the whole time, not one other person was seen in the remote countryside.
 Grant arrived home, cursed all women and slept away the rest of the morning. That evening, he anticipated everything would change after Janice Ludlow arrived. Sex was foremost on his mind. The woman was beginning to protest but this only turned him on more. Her having a father that was a stern religious disciplinarian helped him enforce his dominance over the girl. One threat to tell her father of their relationship and she was putty in his hand.
 However, the three hours of Janice's visit were completely different from his expectations. She had arrived looking grim and even the short flight they'd had in the Cessna, something she usually enjoyed, didn't change her mood. There was one blazing row, no sex and his bluff to tell her father was thrown back in his face. She ended up leaving in tears with a frustrated man thinking back to the wife and family he'd abandoned up on the plateau.
 By Monday morning, Ryland was regretting his actions even more. He shook his throbbing head, wandered out to the Cessna and taxied to the paddock that was used as the airstrip. Lavina, after all had been pretty loyal over the years. She was probably shit scared by now so he'd fly up and bring them all back. That bastard who was having a fling with her didn't deserve to be rescued, but the chances were Lavina would get over her urges and come back home, even if it was just for the kid.
 His mind switched to his mistress. It wasn't his fault Janice Ludlow couldn't look after herself. Even before the incident the other night, she'd become demanding and possessive. Bloody women were always like that. They were perfect for a few weeks then began to get their fingers into you and before one knew it, they would take over and be telling you what to do. Mind you, life with Janice wouldn't have been too bad and her father's money could have helped get the farm out of the bank's clutches.
 That new schoolteacher at Lower Forks Road School had possibilities. She was keen on booze, he knew. He could slip one of his pills in her drink at the pub, offer her a ride home and… he grinned. With the wife at home and a new bit of light relief up the road, he could forget about the Ludlow tart.
 Deep in thought, Ryland swung the Cessna around and studied the frost-covered grass. It'll be bloody cold up on the top. Serve the bitch right. He opened the throttle and took off.
 The airplane was a reliable old craft, too reliable. Grant was hundreds of hours behind in the engine maintenance and never bothered to log flight plans or anything else. After all, he only flew up to a few top strips when he went hunting or wanted to bring the sheep down from the top ridges. He hadn't flown down to the low country for years. He blew on his hands and turned the heater to full. Everywhere, hills glistened in a thick white frost.
 Ryland adjusted the throttle, levelled off and watched as the grass changed to bush. The valleys became steeper and denser, the ranges higher and the bush turned to scrub, then tussock. This was the first range. He'd dropped Lavina, the kid and that other bugger off at the top of the second one. He grinned and was about to increase altitude when, without even a splutter, the engine died.
 "Shit!" Grant reached for the starter. Lights glowed red and dials swung back as the Cessna dropped. The plane was between two ridges with nothing below except thick bush and a small river in the valley. That was the only clear space.
 "Mayday! Mayday! Cessna ZK HTG has engine failure. Position is…" His voice continued in a raised panic as he eased back the flaps and fought the heavy controls. The motor wouldn't start and there was a distinct smell of gasoline. The carburettor had probably frozen.
 "Mayday!" he screamed. The radio crackled and a calm voice from a distant controller replied.
 "We have you on radar ZK HTG…"
 Grant was too busy to respond. The tiny plane levelled out between trees above the river in a smooth landing. However, the right wheel clipped a rock, the Cessna flipped and careened into the valley wall at close to a hundred kilometres an hour.
 Nobody heard the scream of tortured steel being ripped apart, or heard the roar as fuel tanks ruptured and exploded like a terrorist's bomb. Ryland didn't even have time to utter a final curse. Black smoke bellowed into the air from the wreckage.
*
Once the trio reached Stainer's Track the orange rectangles showed the way through the reasonably clear undergrowth under towering trees. There wasn't any sign of a natural track, so the trail markers were all that prevented the trampers from becoming completely lost. At one point, the markers stopped and Steve suggested Lavina stay by the last one while Cathy and he move forward. Then Cathy waited at the next marker while Steve continued on to search for a third one.
 After ten minutes and searching in three directions, Steve yelled, "I found one!"
 The relieved mother and daughter caught up to him and the journey continued down a slope so steep it jarred their calf muscles.
 "Mum," Cathy whimpered when they reached a level strip. "Can we stop for a rest? I'm buggered."
 Lavina glanced at Steve who nodded and slipped the backpack from his shoulders. It was almost noon and they'd been walking downhill for an hour. They leaned against a massive tree and rested. Lavina looked totally exhausted and couldn't even raise her normal cheerful smile. She shut her eyes and grimaced.
 "Is there a problem, Lavina?" Steve asked.
 "Just cramp. It'll go in a minute." She bit on her lip and managed a smile. "I never realized walking downhill was so difficult."
 "That last section was pretty steep," Steve said. "I'm proud of both of you. We've made excellent progress. At this rate we'll be at that hut by mid-afternoon."
 Cathy smiled at the compliment and hobbled to her feet.
 "Do they hurt, sweetheart?" Lavina asked.
 "A little, but no more than your cramp, I bet."
 "Let me see," Steve ordered. He bent down, unlaced Cathy's shoe and peeled off the two socks she was still wearing. The youngster flinched as the last sock was removed to show a pulpy mass of bruised flesh.
 "Cathy," gasped Lavina. "Why didn't you tell us?"
 "I didn't want to slow us up." Cathy gazed up at her mother. "It's always me holding you up."
 "No it isn't!" Steve answered. "Your mum's tired and so am I. You are not holding us up one little bit."
 "But I will, Steve," gasped Cathy with tears springing to her eyes. "I don't think I could get down another section like the one we've just done."
 "You won't need to," Steve said. He gently took the girl's other shoe and sock off and found this one as bad as the first. "We'll bandage your feet again but leave your shoes off. They're causing the trouble."
 "But Steve?" Lavina said.
 "I'll piggyback her," Steve said with grim determination. "If you don't mind wearing this biggest backpack, and carrying the tent too, Cathy can put the smaller one on and I hitch her up on my back."
 "Are you sure, Steve?" Cathy protested. She was almost in tears.
 "Of course. Families stick together." He grinned and turned around. "Now jump up, young lady and don't throttle me."
 Lavina watched the two people she loved. The muscular man with whiskery face, mud covered jeans and eyes that tried to hide his tired condition carrying her growing daughter, hair loose from its normal ponytail and pale face trying to maintain a certain dignity.
 "Okay, we're off," Steve said. He hitched Cathy up onto his back and with her clinging to his neck, headed for the next orange rectangle.
 The ground levelled and after an hour, they found themselves beside another stream.
 "Steve," Lavina puffed, "I think this is the same stream but we're below the waterfall."
 "Could be," Steve said. He hoisted Cathy up and tried at the same time to straighten his back. He was exhausted but was not about to admit defeat. Cathy, heavy from the beginning, now felt like a ton of cement as he plodded forward. He shook his head and squinted. There was another marker ahead. He staggered and almost fell, but continued on.
 "Steve! Stop!" ordered Lavina. "You're exhausted. Put Cathy down. We can rest for a while."
 Steve was about to reply that he was fine when he turned and saw Lavina's concern.
 "Okay." He lowered Cathy from his back.
 "Thanks, Steve." With a twitch of a smile on her face, Cathy hobbled over to a stone by the stream and dipped her feet in. "My God, the water's cold," she yelled and pulled them out again.
 Lavina took out the gas cooker. "I think a hot drink will go down well. You two relax and I'll get it ready. We can also use warm water to soak your feet, Cathy."
 "Okay, Mum. Thanks." Cathy leaned back to relax. Of the three, she now looked the fittest. Colour had come back into her cheeks and a sparkle returned to her eyes.
 Lavina rubbed a hand over her face. "How far do you think it is now, Steve?"
 "Hard to say. We made quite a good pace." He glanced at his watch. "It's just after two. I'd say we'd be there a little after four."
 *
 It was ten past five and the three still staggered on. Over the last twenty minutes, they'd walked through cold, penetrating rain. Cathy was almost asleep on Steve's back and his walk was stooped. It appeared that only sheer willpower kept him going.
 Lavina was also exhausted, but had become rejuvenated when the rain arrived. It was her encouragement that kept Steve going.
 "Count the bends, Steve. I bet you there are no more than a dozen bends until we reach the hut."
 Grunting, Steve hitched Cathy up again and blinked water out of his eyes. "You're on," he said. "You count them Cathy."
 The track was now a path that could be followed easily without needing to find the orange rectangles but tall grass encroached from the sides, so sharp that it scratched their exposed arms and Cathy's feet.
 "Bend eight," Cathy called as Steve stepped around another corner. Her voice changed pitch. "I see it," she screamed. "The hut. I see it. Look Steve."
 Ahead of them at the bottom of a small zigzag path was a tin roof poking out of the fernery. They had made it.
*

CHAPTER 7
Steve let Cathy off his shoulders under the porch and pushed the door open. A smell of wood smoke and musty air whiffed into his senses. It was cold inside but a streak of afternoon sunlight cut across the floor giving an illusion of warmth. Directly in front was a small living quarters with an ancient blue couch and accompanying chair backed up to a far wall. To their left stood a wooden topped sink and an ancient iron wood stove built in a brick alcove. Wooden cupboards, attached to the walls above the sink held plates and, thankfully, rows of tinned food and dried products in screw topped jars.
 A faded sign read, If you've come this far you must be hungry. Feel free to use our supplies if you need to, but consider other trampers who may follow you. Donations of extra food are always appreciated.
 "Thank God!" Lavina gasped. She opened the steel door of the wood stove. Inside, all ready to light, was dry wood and paper in a clean interior.
 "The fireplace is all made up, too," Cathy called. She stood in her socks shivering but her eyes were excited.
 A deep fireplace was set ready to light with a pile of cut firewood stacked on the hearth waiting just for them, it seemed. The rest of the room consisted of an ancient table, three wooden chairs and a dusty oval shaped rug on the wood floor.
 Steve pushed open two side doors to reveal bunkrooms with four bunks in each. Everything was dust covered but had obviously been left in a tidy state.
 "A shower," Lavina called out from another room. Inside were a porcelain hand basin and an ancient shower box. Two pipes ran along the wall to both of the facilities.
 "Hot water." Steve said. "No doubt there is a wetback in the stove."
 "What's a wetback?" Cathy asked.
 "It's a whole lot of looped pipes at the back of the stove. The water runs through, gets heated and leads onto a hot water tank." He opened a door next to the stove. "Here it is. Just like a hot water cupboard at home. In an hour or so we'll have hot water."
 "And the toilet?" Lavina asked.
 Steve took her hand and led her outside. A little tin shed a few meters away held a long drop toilet that was, in reality, a toilet seat built over a long hole dug into the ground. Compared with having nothing at all over the previous two days this was a luxury. There was even a half used roll of toilet tissue stuck on a protruding nail.
 While Lavina used the facility, the other two walked back inside, lit both fires and removed their wet clothes. Steve's jeans were saturated from the knees down but his shirt beneath the work jacket he had been wearing was only slightly wet under the arms and down the front buttons.
 Cathy, though, wore only thin clothes and was drenched where she had been exposed to the weather during her piggyback. She rummaged through the backpack, disappeared into one of the bunkrooms and emerged in dry clothes. With a slight grin, she walked on her heels over to the flaming fire.
 "How are the feet?" Steve asked.
 "Sore when I put any weight on them." She sat on the mat, rolled off her socks and unwrapped the grubby bandages.
 The two smallest toes on each foot were still red and swollen and there were large blisters on the soles of her feet. She groaned and stretched her legs out to warm them by the fire.
 "Mum's a long time, I'll go and check." Cathy leaped to her feet and grimaced when she accidentally put weight on her toes. She hobbled to the door and stuck her head out.
 "Steve!" A scream of alarm rang out.
 Steve was at the door in seconds and saw Lavina slumped on the path in a crumpled heap.
 "I'll get her," Steve said brushing past Cathy.
 Within seconds, he had his arms under the unconscious woman and hoisted her up to carry inside.
 "What's wrong, Steve?" Cathy's face contorted in fright as he laid Lavina on the couch.
 Her face was pale but Steve found a racing pulse. "We need to get her into something dry and warm her up," he instructed. "Can you find some of your mum's clothes?"
 "Sure."
 He found a blanket in one of the bunkrooms, peeled off Lavina's saturated jacket and wrapped the blanket around her. He held her close, rubbing her hands and face. "Lavina," he cried and shook her gently. "Lavina!"
 Eyes flickered and opened. "Steve," she whispered. Those hazel eyes he loved so much gazed fondly into his. Her hand squeezed his slightly and her eyes closed again.
 "I've got Mum's other jersey and jeans." Cathy stood behind Steve with a look of frustration and helplessness. "A towel, too," she added.
 "She'll be okay," Steve reassured her. "I'd say she's just exhausted from the tramp. As long as we keep her warm, your mum will be fine."
 "What else can I do?"
 "How about looking through that food and finding us something warm to eat." He flicked tired eyes up at the girl. "A hot drink wouldn't hurt either. I'll massage your mum's hands and feet to help her circulation."
 Cathy stood still with wide eyes switching between her mother and him. "Why is this happening to us?" She broke into tears. "I mean, Mum has never hurt a soul. She's the kindest person I know. She doesn't deserve this."
 Steve stood and tucked his arms around Cathy while the youngster cried. He found a damp handkerchief in his pocket and handed it to her. She blew her nose and turned a tear stained face up to his.
 "I'll be okay now," she sniffed. "I'm sorry."
 "You have nothing to be sorry about, Cathy. You're a brave young lady." Steve kissed her forehead.
 "I'll get something nice cooked up," Cathy said. She stepped back, gave a grateful smile and hobbled over to the tiny kitchen.
 Steve turned his attentions back to Lavina who seemed to be relaxed and in a normal sleep pattern now. Her face and fingers were returning to a healthy hue. He bent over and kissed the pallid face, made sure she was as comfortable as possible and walked over to stoke the fire.
 By the time the sun had sunk behind the hillside outside the room had lost its chill. Another evening was on its way. Steve pulled faded curtains over the three windows and yawned. He felt weary and plunked into the armchair for a brief rest before going to help Cathy. However, his eyelids refused to stay open. He blinked, Lavina seemed safe and Cathy was humming a little tune as she stirred something in a saucepan. Her profile looked just like her mother. He blinked again and slipped into a peaceful sleep.
*
The beans and bacon bubbled with the rising steam tempting Cathy's taste buds. She smiled and stirred the mixture. If only they had bread to go with it! She found a tiny red kettle in the cupboard, filled and placed it on the back of the stove. The heat warmed her hands and face so before long, her whole body felt warmer than any time since the abduction.
 "Supper's up," she called but there was no reply. She turned to see both adults sound asleep. Her mum looked relaxed on the couch with the blanket tucked around her, while Steve was stretched out on the armchair with his head back and mouth slung open. As Cathy watched, his face twitched and a snore rumbled out.
 Cathy hobbled back to the main fire, added a couple of pieces of wood to it and returned to the stove. Somehow, she felt at peace as she spooned some beans on a plate and made a cup of coffee. There was even sugar and powdered milk available, and she sat at the table to enjoy the meal.
An old logbook caught her eye. She reached across and opened it to find entries from visitors going back three or four years. The book was about three quarters used and the last entry was two months old. During the last year, only five groups had made an entry. It appeared that this hut was not used very often. She turned to the front where a typewritten page had been stuck in with a few basic rules. Of more interest was the next double page that showed a map of the area and a brief handwritten comment. The track to the plateau is steep and overgrown with nothing at the top except an unused airstrip.
 "Yeah, I know that." Cathy huffed and scooped a spoonful of beans into her mouth. The map showed two ridges with a second hut a day's tramp away. Further west there was a third hut and beyond that another half-day's journey to the only road marked. It was named but unknown to the youngster. She shuddered. It appeared, therefore, they would have to tramp another three days before reaching civilization. She glanced down at her own feet then across at her mother and Steve. That was three days for professional trampers with the proper gear. She shuddered and some of the earlier optimism disappeared.
 "At least I have Mum and Steve," she mumbled to herself. She finished the meal and went to run her hand under the hot tap. After the initial cold water turned hot, Cathy gave a sigh of satisfaction, lit two candles sticking out of bottles on the mantelpiece and took the torch to the bathroom where she had a simply glorious shower. The warm water and steam pouring over her weary body removed all those days of grime and her skin became warm and red as she soaped herself down. Even her sore feet felt less tender. Finally, she rubbed herself down, slipped into her pyjamas and walked back to the kitchen to find her mother at the stove.
 "Mum!" she called out in delight. "How are you?"
 Lavina looked pale but her face lit up. "Fine, sweetheart," she said, reaching across to hug her daughter. "You've done so much. Cooked a meal, kept the fire blazing and even lit the candles."
 "Steve helped before he nodded off. God, he snores." She glanced at her mother. "You look a mess, Mum. Why don't you have a hot shower while I reheat our tea."
 Lavina smiled. "Sounds like a good idea. And thank you."
 "What for?"
 "Just being you," Lavina said.
 "Awe Mum," Cathy said, blushing.
*
Like Cathy, Lavina found the shower made her refreshed but she still felt woozy and her head throbbed. Suddenly a wave of nausea erupted in her stomach and she just made the couple of meters across the room before vomiting and spluttering into the hand basin. A stab of pain cut across her ribs for several seconds before subsiding. Lavina stared at her gaunt reflection in the tiny mirror. The last thing she wanted was this. It was hard enough on her family without her being ill.
 She smiled at her thoughts. Steve was her family now. They were beyond the clandestine affair stage. If nothing else, this crisis had brought them closer together. Funny, she could hardly remember what it was like before she'd met Steve. She frowned at her reflection. Yes, she could. There was that constant feeling of being inadequate, trying to please a man who treated her with disdain, used her as an object to satisfy his own needs, physical or otherwise. Towards the end, his approaches to her became a chore to be endured.
 Now there was Steve. She flushed in embarrassment when memories of their lovemaking flowed into her mind. The orgasms she'd experienced were something she never realized would happen. Even when she first met Grant, she had never been aroused in this way. Perhaps this was the first time in her life she had really been loved, not just there to satisfy a man's lust.
 Cathy's head appeared through the steam. "Are you all right, Mum?" she called with concern in her voice. "You've been in there for ages."
 "I'm fine." Lavina said.
 "No you aren't!" snapped Cathy. "I heard you spewing before and I'm going to tell Steve when he wakes up."
 "I'm okay, Cathy," Lavina insisted.
 "Well, don't try to cover up how you feel. You've always done that."
 "I won't. If I feel ill again, I'll tell you. Is that fair?"
 "Yes." Cathy raised her eyebrows. "Now, if you want some beans, I've got them waiting for you."
 "I'd love something to eat.” Lavina rubbed her wet hair down and walked out into the cosy kitchen. Steve was still asleep and the three candles painted a dancing pattern of yellow around the room. Outside it was cold and dark but at least the rain had stopped. She reached out to wrap an arm around her daughter's shoulders.
*
Noel and Geraldine Capra stared, stony faced as visions of the burned out hulk of the Cessna was vividly portrayed on the midday television news. They were both in the office of Oversee ComSoft after an interview with the police who had left half an hour earlier.
 "Only the charred remains of the pilot have been recovered from the wreckage," the reporter said, "It is believed that three other people, two from the pilot's family, were in the Cessna. Police have yet to release the names of the family …"
 "It's all wrong!" Geraldine muttered as she brushed a hand through her hair and frowned.
 "What is, Geraldine?" Noel said.
 "That plane crashed this morning, Monday, but we know Steve's been missing since Saturday. What happened in the intervening time?"
 Noel shrugged. "All I know is that Steve and Lavina were going to contact me on Saturday night. He never answered his mobile phone calls and wasn't at the school when we visited yesterday."
 "You heard what the news reports said. Tell me, would Steve be going for a ride with his girlfriend's husband? You know how moral he is. I was amazed when he even began this affair." She gave a brief smile. "It's not that I don't like Lavina"
 "And their jeep. The police told us they've found its tyre marks in the yard of Ryland's back drive but it's not there. How could Steve be in the aircraft and have driven the jeep away somewhere? And where is it now?" She threw her hands up in exasperation and stared at her husband. "I believe the police got it wrong. I don't think Steve was in the crash, Lavina or Cathy either."
 "So where are they?"
 "I don't know. Perhaps Steve absconded with Lavina and Cathy and they're in a motel at the other end of the country. We know he was pretty keen on her. From what I noticed she returned his affections."
 "But Steve's as solid as a rock. If he planned to do that, he'd have told us. He's not the sort to do something on impulse. He would have planned it out in the minutest detail."
 Geraldine nodded. "Perhaps he did. I still say he wasn't in the Cessna. There was no reason." She gulped. "I think something more sinister has happened."
 Noel stood up. "I agree. Come on. Let's go down to the police station. Sergeant Stein said to contact him if we had any information."
*
Detective Sergeant Pat Stein put the telephone down and studied his visitors. "We found Steve Garnet's jeep," he said. "It was parked on the clay road up the valley from Ryland's farm. A deerstalker just phoned in. We've got some personnel on their way up there now.”
"That fits in with my fears,” Geraldine said. "Steve would never drive up there. Whenever he went tramping he walked from the old school. Anyhow, he was going to finish assembling some bunks on Sunday. It's out of character for him to just take off on a walk."
 The detective frowned. "Search crews at the crash site now confirm there was only one body, that of the male pilot in the crash. We originally thought bodies could have been thrown out by the explosion." He grunted. "The media were a little enthusiastic in their reporting.”
 "So where are our friends?" Noel asked.
 "At this very moment a search party is walking into the bush from where the jeep was found," Stein replied. He stood up and held out his hand. “Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Capra. We'll inform you immediately if there are any new developments”.
 After the pair left, Pat Stein studied the scant details of the case and glowered. Something was wrong here. He thought for a moment and reached for the telephone. The call went through several secretaries before he was connected to the person he wanted.
 "Do you have a recording of all aircraft movements in the area of the crash site over the last week?"
 "Yes,” the chief air controller replied. "The Cessna took off on an unreported flight from the Ryland farm and crashed twenty-two minutes later."
 “I'm interested in Saturday sometime in the mid morning. Could your radar have picked up a flight from the same farm if it had taken place?"
 "Probably but if the aircraft flew into low valleys and didn't file a flight plan it could be missed," the controller said. "We have quite a few topdressing aircraft in the district. I'll check and get back to you."
Forty minutes later, a call came back from the air controller. "You were right,” he said. "We have a reading from the farm on Saturday morning. A small aircraft flew up to the ranges, disappeared off radar for twelve minutes before being recorded again. Apparently it flew back to the farm where the signal was lost again."
"What's the terrain like up there?"
 "Steep bush country but there's a plateau of flat tussock at the top. My map shows an old topdressing airstrip at the top." 
Stein whistled over the phone. "Do you have any more details?" 
 "The radar trace ended above that plateau, De Wolfe's Plateau it's called. It started again at the same place a few moment's later."
 "So it could have landed?"
 "Yes. Weather conditions at the time were good."
*

CHAPTER 8
Steve awoke, cold and stiff. Two blankets had slipped off and his legs were sticking out. He heard Cathy's gentle snore from the bunk along from his and remembered how she had flatly refused to sleep in the next room. After glancing across the narrow space to where Lavina's bunk was, he realized why he had awakened. It was pitch black but he could sense she was not there. He slipped to the floor, shivering and reached for the jeans beneath his bunk. They were still damp but would have to do. After dressing, he made his way out to the kitchen. It was dark with only a faint red line where a few last embers still glowed in the fire. One window had its curtain pulled back and a narrow rectangle showed as a lighter shade of grey. Steve shut the door to the bunkroom and walked like a blind man across to the mantelpiece. The matches were there somewhere.
 His fingers found the box. A match flared to life and he lit the nearest candle. From that, Steve lit a second candle and tossed three pieces of wood on the fire. White smoke smothered the wood for a second before, with a faint puff, they caught alight.
 He heard a slight scrape; a beam of torchlight flashed across the room and a blast of freezing air hit him. Lavina stepped in and shut the outside door.
 "Oh Steve, go back to bed." She stood shivering in her pyjamas, her face pale and lips blue.
 "Were you sick again?"
 She nodded. “My headache's gone," she said. "At least that's something."
 "Good." Steve took her hands and kissed her lightly on the lips. She responded and stood shivering in his arms for a moment. "Now, get a jersey on and I'll make us a hot drink."
 "I'd like that," Lavina responded and slipped away to the bunkroom. Steve filled the kettle, placed it on the open fire and searched for the coffee. Lavina was back by the time he had two mugs ready to receive the water. She sat on the couch and pulled on her jersey.
 "I feel a little better now, Steve." Their eyes met and she smiled. "Do you know it's raining outside? That freezing drizzle."
 Steve nodded and sat beside her as the flames curled around another log and, with a crackle of sparks, burst alight sending warm air into the room.
 "What do we do now?" Lavina asked. "Cathy still can't walk very far and I feel as if every bone in my body is creaking. The weather's turned to the worse, too."
 "Well, we have food and warmth here so tomorrow." He grinned and glanced at his watch, "…Today actually, we just stay put. It will be two or three days before we have to start worrying about our food supply."
 "It's cosy here," Lavina said. "I feel so secure with you here. It's like our own little world and I can forget about Grant, the farm, everything. The two people I love are with me and, at the moment, that's all I need."
 The kettle began to boil, Steve filled the coffee mugs and handed one to Lavina. "I feel the same," he said quietly. "So let's get Cathy and you fit before we plan our next move." He smiled. "Your rat bag husband did the opposite of what he wanted, didn't he?"
 "How?" Lavina's hazel eyes gazed up with some of the sparkle returned to them.
 "He drove us together. This is the longest we've been with each other, our third night and lots to come."
 Lavina sipped her coffee. "I'm never going back to him. Not after this. Even if you don't want to make a commitment."
 "Lavina!" Steve retorted. "Stop it! We've been through all that. Get it in that crazy little head of yours that I want you, I need you and I love you. Stop running yourself down."
 "Even now, sick as a dog and looking ninety?"
 "Of course, isn't that what love is?" He reached across and kissed her cheek.
 "Nobody's treated me with such kindness before," Lavina responded in a whisper. "As a child my mother was okay but nagged all the time and was over impressed by appearances. 'Straighten your shoulders, Lavina,' she used to say. 'You'll end up looking like an old woman.' Dad was a businessman and usually ignored me." She shrugged. "He was kind hearted in his own way and a good provider. Then I had four good years at high school, came to Upper Forks Road and that's it. Grant never really cared. I was his dolly bird and housekeeper. I remember when I was ill once. He just swore and cursed because his breakfast was late."
 "Pity he didn't meet my ex," Steve chuckled. "They'd deserve each other. Trish just loved our big house, the bridge club and socializing. I was a good provider. I remember her screaming at me when I told her three years back, I was going to leave the university and set up my own business. In her eyes, she was going to lose her social standing. I didn't care about trying to keep up with the bunch of hypocrites of the, so-called, establishment. That's why we grew apart and finally separated."
 "And how is the business?" Lavina asked.
 "Best move I ever made." Steve grinned. “I'll never be a millionaire but we're doing reasonably well. There are frustrations, of course, like when we spent two months working on a contract and the firm went bankrupt and just about dragged us down with it."
 “We're broke," Lavina said. "The bank's about to foreclose on the farm mortgage. We'll have to sell. Stupid isn't it?" She glanced up from her coffee mug. "Grant was the only son and had the farm just handed onto him when his father died ten years ago. But he didn't appreciate it. All he did was go from one harebrained scheme to the next. He went into deer farming, spent hundreds of thousands of dollars building those massive fences and stocking the place. I don't think he made even one season's profit. Now the export of deer meat has collapsed. Then he spent five thousand dollars buying some Angora rabbits." She laughed sarcastically. "He was going to make a fortune but some wild rabbits got in with ours, the offspring were a disaster and that was that. He even tried growing wheat on a hillside.
The trouble is he never sticks to anything. He bought an eight thousand dollar pedigree bull that dropped dead five months later." She frowned. "Every time something failed it was my fault. I kept hoping things would improve but they just got worse." She wiped a hand over her face. "Farming is hard now-a-days, even for the most conscientious and careful farmer. Grant is neither."
 "Well, forget about him," Steve said. "He's got a lot to answer for when we get out. Kidnapping and attempted murder are serious crimes. I'm sure he never meant for us to survive this long."
 "But we will survive!" Lavina's voice was determined. "And I hope I'm there when the police car rolls in and drags him away to jail, whimpering."
*
 Morning arrived with the sun hidden by a thick fog as misty rain hit the windows. Steve lit the stove and was preparing breakfast when Cathy staggered out, all yawns and sighs.
 "My God," she moaned. "Don't Mum and you know what sleep is? Every time I woke up you two were in here yakking your heads off."
 "And where's your mum now?" Steve asked.
 "Sleeping, of course," Cathy snapped. She grabbed a coat around her shoulders and disappeared out to the toilet and returned a few moments later with an arm full of firewood from the lean-to where it was stored. Without saying anymore, she proceeded to build the main fire and, within a few moments, it was blazing away.
 "Some breakfast?" Steve asked. "It's spaghetti this morning. Sorry there's no toast."
 "Thanks,” the youngster replied. She sat at the table and gazed out the window at the fog. "Well, I guess we won't be going far today.” She grinned. “Not that I mind. I like it here."
 "How are your feet this morning?"
 Cathy screwed her nose up. "Itchy. Still swollen but the blisters have dried. They're just a flap of loose skin now."
 "Good but try to keep off them as much as possible today."
 Cathy glanced at him and smiled. "You really care, don't you Steve?"
 Steve chuckled. "Well, you're pretty heavy to lug all the way home." He glanced up as Lavina walked in. Her face had more colour and she smiled warmly at them both.
 "I'm hardly needed around here, am I?"
 "Not needed but still wanted, Mum. You know there's flour and all sorts of things stored in those bottles and tins. What say that after breakfast we cook up some scones?"
 "Sounds great."
*
 While Lavina and Cathy cooked, Steve went out in the misty rain to explore the immediate area. He ambled along in the opposite direction from the uphill track they had used on their arrival to where another one led down in a curve through thick foliage. Tumbling water could be heard ahead and from the sound, it appeared to be more than the tiny stream they'd originally followed.
 Steve walked around the bend and there it was; a small river five or six meters wide with murky water running quite high and fast past him. The middle looked at least waist deep. Across the opposite bank, he could see where the track led into the bush. He glanced along the banks and gave a sigh of satisfaction. Fifteen meters downstream was a small shed with a ramp leading into the water.
 Now if there was a boat inside…
 Steve pushed through the overgrown track until he arrived at the shed. As well as a double door at the top of the ramp there was a small wooden one on his side that was locked with a small padlock.
 He pushed his way to the ramp, slid under a wooden barrier and shook the double door. It was held fast by an inside latch. He made his way across and squinted in the gap between the two doors. The interior was dark but Steve was sure something was there.
 He wiggled the doors again and spied a small ground latch. Now if he could wedge that up he could swing the doors outwards. Steve hunted around and found a stick that could work. After a little prodding and manipulating, he used the stick to push the latch sideways. It took five attempts and a few choice words before the latch lifted and the doors came forward with a squeak of rusty hinges.
 "Oh my God!" Steve gasped. Inside, sitting on the wooden floor was an almost deflated orange and blue rubber raft, about four or five meters long. It was covered in dust and spider webs and seemed unused for a considerable time. Upon closer inspection his heart sank. It was well past its use by date and so flat he doubted if it would float. On the positive side, there seemed to be no holes or rips in it.
 Steve inspected the boat shed. Six paddles and small life jackets were slung overhead across the rafters. At the end was a workbench littered with odd tools, containers of paint and other chemicals and a coil of rope. There was no indication of who the owners were. He guessed it would be some tramping club, scouts or perhaps a school.
 He yanked open a cupboard door under the bench.
 "This could help," he muttered, pulling out an old style tyre pump. When he pumped, air puffed out the front fitting. "Now if the raft has no punctures …" He flopped it over until he found two valves, one appeared to be for the sides and the other, the floor. The connection fitted and when he pumped, he could tell the air was going in. He continued pumping for ten minutes without any noticeable difference to the raft.
 "So we won't have to walk out after all!" Lavina's voice made him jump in fright.
 He turned and saw her smiling at the door. "Look at it." He chuckled and wiped a perspiring brow. "Our journey home, my dear. It'll take a while to inflate but if there are no holes…"
 "I'll have a turn," Lavina offered and took over the pumping while Steve stretched his shoulders to relieve an aching back.
*
 "You look like a gangster." Cathy laughed half an hour later as Steve stood up again and used a handkerchief to wipe perspiration from his neck and three day's growth of whiskers.
 "I'll do some," Cathy offered and grabbed the pump. She did an amazingly good job and pumped for several minutes before handing it over to her mother.
 When the sides were largely inflated, they switched their attention to the floor section until the craft began to resemble its proper proportions. It was almost hexagonal shaped with the two cylindrical sides bending in at the front and rear to meet at curved ends. The top had eyelets around with a nylon rope threaded through while two cross members kept the craft rigid. The floor consisted of flatter inflated sections similar to air mattresses used on camping trips.
 By early afternoon it was completely inflated. Cathy had to try it straight away and sat on one of the cross members grinning. "How's that, Steve?" She laughed.
 "Great!" He glanced out at the rain and choppy water. "We'll test it in the water tomorrow. It's a bit wet out there now and we don't want to get soaked again."
*
 Later, after a refreshing shower, Steve sat at the table with the others and examined the logbook map, which was a photocopy of a topographical map with sections highlighted in yellow felt tip.
 "The river is like a giant 'S' while the track crosses the centre over the ridges. By going this way we would bypass the second hut here." His finger pointed to a small square on the map. "But the third hut appears to be at the riverside here. If we can travel to this hut it will only be a day's walk to the road."
 "Why don't we just keep going?" chipped in Cathy who was leaning over the end of the table taking in every word.
 "There's no map of the lower river," Steve explained. "There could be waterfalls, rapids or anything ahead. See this," he added, pointing to a wriggly line just beyond one of the bends. Canyon-Grade 2 Rapids was written in italic writing along the edge. "White Water Rafters rank rapids from one to five," he said. "I've been on a Grade Three river and that was scary. Even Grade Two can be pretty swift."
 Lavina frowned. "Too risky?"
 "If necessary I'll go ahead and check any rapids," Steve promised. "If it seems too rough, we can carry the raft along the shore beyond it."
 "Okay but I'm going to hold you to that promise." Lavina replied.
 Steve glanced up and, without warning, plunked a kiss on her face. She flushed and stepped back but smiled when her partner winked at her. "It's a promise," he said. " I think it'll take most of a day to travel down the river, through the giant 'S' until we came to the third hut. It's pure guesswork, though. We have no idea how fast the water is moving. We might not even be able to get through if it becomes too shallow."
 "So we go prepared," Lavina said. "We need to get the tent and all our clothes clean and dry and take all the food we can. It would be stupid to rush off, get stranded half way down and wish we were back here."
*
 Wednesday dawned cool with a morning fog that didn't lift until noon. The trio were busy. Clothes were washed and dried in front of the fire and on a makeshift clothesline under the back porch and Steve checked out the boat shed. The raft had remained inflated over night and Lavina took down a bucket of soapy warm water to wash it down. The life jackets were mainly children's sizes but two were adjusted to fit the adults and Cathy just managed to squeeze into one of the smaller ones.
 "The gear must belong to some children's club or school," Lavina noted. "We'll have to find out when we get home and contact the group."
 "I'd say it's a while since anyone's been here using these," Steve said as he tightened the straps on Cathy's life jacket.
 "It was the summer before last," Cathy said. "I looked back though the logbook. A school party was here but I think they were just visiting. They did mention hiring gear from one of those service clubs."
 "Real detective aren't you?" Steve chuckled. "That would fit in with the condition of everything." He glanced out at the sky. "The weather looks stable," he said. "I suggest we have everything ready and leave at first light in the morning."
*
 A haze hung over Top Ridge Hut as Steve shut the door for the last time. Except for using food and firewood, the trio left the building exactly how they'd found it. The fireplace and stove were cleaned and set up ready for the next trampers to walk in. Steve had split another load of wood with an axe he'd found in the lean-to and piled it neatly on the hearth.
 The mattresses had been turned sideways on the bunks and the kitchen and bathroom left clean and tidy. Lavina filled in the logbook and included details of what they were about to do, apologized to any possible owners of the raft and provided contact numbers and a promise they would replenish the food supplies after their return to civilization.
 "Bye old hut," Cathy called as she lugged the last plastic bag of gear down to the boat shed to where the raft was sitting sedately on the ramp. Food and equipment had already been packed and tied securely in the middle of the raft with a rope from the shed. The eyelets around the top of the raft were designed well, so unless it was completely flipped over, their belongings would be secure.
 Lavina smiled at her daughter. Cathy was wearing her shoes and walked with almost no limp now that Steve had cut the toes out of them so the sore toes wouldn't be squashed again. After explicit instructions on how to paddle, what orders to follow and the usual safety procedures, Steve checked to see that everyone's life jacket was secure before the three slid the rubber raft into the water and jumped aboard.
 "Ready?" Steve asked. The mother and daughter looking chubby in their yellow life jackets, nodded and he pushed the raft away from the ramp. With a quick paddle, he manoeuvred the craft midstream where it bounced in the moderately fast current and their home for almost three days disappeared from sight. For two hours they drifted along at a leisurely pace with the only problem being a couple of shallow spots where they had to jump into knee deep water and guide the raft through. Once there was sufficient depth again, they clambered aboard and relaxed.
 For early winter, it was a perfect day with the sun warming them when it was directly overhead. However, shadows from the valley often cut the direct sunshine out as the river twisted around numerous bends. It was unnecessary to paddle but Cathy enjoyed poking her paddle into the water or using it to push the raft away from protruding rocks. The murmur of the water tumbling past rocks was constantly with them. There was also the sound of numerous bush and aquatic birds calling out in the trees. At one point, a dozen gigantic Canada Geese were disturbed and flew, honking into the air.
 The valley through which they travelled became narrow with dense bush towering above them on each side. Broad shingle areas filled the area between water and trees while everywhere were smooth grey rocks that caused the raft to bounce along the choppy water. Water splashed up constantly and Lavina, at the front, seemed to get the brunt of the spray. It was cold but not too uncomfortable. She grinned after one wave saturated her hair and jersey.
 "Oh well," she called back to the others. "Now that I'm soaked, the water can't make it any worse."
 "You'll be surprised," Steve called back. He was as wet as Lavina and Cathy had long since given up trying to keep dry. "Those rapids we saw marked in the map shouldn't be too far away."
 At the next bend the stream narrowed and water speed increased. Spray burst across the front of the craft and saturated the entire crew within seconds. They shuddered as the craft headed straight towards a protruding rock in the middle of the stream.
 "Left, paddle!" screamed Steve above the roar of the foaming water.
 Lavina and Cathy immediately dipped their paddles on the left hand side and attempted to control the raging bucking raft through the water. They moved skilfully inside the rock and accelerated forward as the water broke into a raging torrent.
 "Wonderful!" screamed Steve above the roar. "Be ready, though. It looks like another real nasty fellow's coming up."
 Sure enough, a few seconds later another rock appeared right in front of them.
 "Everyone right!" Steve directed. "Paddle!"
 Lavina and Cathy immediately slid across to the right hand side of the craft and joined Steve so three paddles worked together. The whole raft tipped sideways like a racing car on two wheels and actually bounced across the rock. Once through the gap, the passengers dived back to their places and the raft plopped back level again.
 For another thirty seconds they paddled, crossed over, paddled, waited, ducked and again paddled as the raft surged through the white water and jutting rocks. Finally, they were through the first rapids and back into relatively calm water. Lavina turned and grinned at her daughter behind her. Cathy was saturated but smiled back as she grasped the paddle with white knuckles.
 "The water's freezing," she managed to stutter.
 "Here we go again!" Steve said.
 Water lifted the craft and sent it skimming into the next section of rapids. This was similar to the last one but the amateur crew had gained more confidence and shot through without even scrapping a rock. The next section proved more difficult. Their raft clipped a rock on the left, rolled sideways and careered straight onto a smooth submerged rock before they sighted it, plunked down and stopped. Waves from behind crashed over the rear and the crew suddenly found they were sitting in half a meter of surging water.
 Steve immediately jumped out the back and signalled for Lavina to do the same. The two adults lifted the raft so that the next wave caught it underneath instead of over the top. With a lurch, the raft rocked forward but not before the pair flung themselves aboard and grasped the safety rope. In this way they were all carried through the crashing surf onto the next section of quiet water.
 For twenty minutes they plummeted through another stretch of white water in what proved to be an anticlimax and drifted into quiet water again. The rapids were behind them. Ahead, as far as they knew, lay calmer waters. They paddled gracefully to the bank, disembarked, pulled the bow of their craft up before tipping it sideways so the interior water ran out.
 Cathy glanced across at Steve and grinned happily. "We all look like drenched rats."
 "Yeah!" he said. “I've got pain in muscles I never knew I had." He turned to Lavina behind him. "Doing okay, Lavina?"
 Lavina shivered as the inactivity cooled her down and cold, water soaked clothes clung to her body. "I'm glad we're almost there," she said.
 Steve gave the signal and they pushed the raft back in the stream, clambered aboard and paddled out into the current. They settled back as the raft bounced forward into a broad valley. The river widened and current slowed.
 "Keep an eye out," Lavina said. "According to our map, there should be a track parallel to the river on the right bank."
 It appeared three bends later as a well-worn track meandering through the trees. Five minutes later, they drifted around another bend and saw the hut on a small knob above the stream. It was a duplicate of the one they'd left, that morning, even down to the lean-to and long drop toilet out the back. Once again, they had accomplished what they'd set out to do. Steve looked at his watch. It was after four in the afternoon. They'd been on the water over eight hours; no wonder he felt exhausted. Lavina tucked an arm around Cathy and grinned at him.
 "If you'd told me a week ago I was going to spend a day crashing through icy rapids, I'd have said you needed your head read."
 "But we did great, didn't we Steve?" Cathy said, hugging her mother.
 "Excellent." Steve said. "What say you two go and see what our new accommodation is like and I'll tie up the raft?"
 The hut was also inside similar to the first one except it appeared to have been used more; there was no food in the cupboards, the fireplace was left filled with ashes and graffiti was scratched across the table.
 "We must be closer to civilization," Steve said when he walked in. "I'd heard the most remote huts are the best looked after. The city slickers never get that far back."
 "So you're the country bumpkin, are you?" Lavina asked.
 "I'm trying." Steve chuckled. "That's why I bought the old school." He turned to Cathy. "Come on, my girl. We've got a fire to light."
 "Sure." Cathy laughed. "Looks like you have to chop some wood first, though. There's plenty there, but it's all logs."
 "Why me?" Steve moaned.
 "Well," Cathy snapped back. "If you want a hot shower later and supper cooked for you…"
 Steve laughed as he began searching for an axe.
*

CHAPTER 9
An evening storm rolled in with huge thunderclouds, lightning and hail. Murphy's Hut, as Cathy found this one was called, shook and clattered. Windows pinged as the rain and hail lashed into them while somewhere outside, a loose piece of iron banged continuously.
 Inside, though, it was a cocoon of warmth. The roaring fire devoured wood, but kept the weary travellers comfortable. Darkness arrived early but candles were hardly required as light from the fire glowed throughout the main room.
 Steve had brought a rope in from the raft and slung a clothesline across the hut so now, every piece of clothing was hung up to dry for there was nothing that escaped the water in the rapids. Cathy sat on the old couch with a blanket around herself while Lavina prepared another meal. Their supplies were low but not desperate.
 The door burst open and a drenched Steve walked in carrying an armload of wood. Earlier he had decided to get outside chores done before drying himself down. He turned and slammed the door before the freezing air replaced the warmth.
 "It's going to be one shocker tonight." He wiped drips of water off his face, dropped the wood and held his hands in front of the fire. "You know the river's already up a meter and rising. I had to pull the raft half way up the track and anchor it to a tree."
 Lavina smiled and handed him one of the few dry towels. "Well, you can do no more out there now, so have a hot shower and I'll try to dry your clothes. There should be hot water by now. That's one good thing about this hut."
 "What's that?" Steve asked.
 "The wet back is behind the main fire instead of the stove. With the larger fire we should get hot water sooner."
 "Great," Steve replied. "I think I need to get out of these wet things." He sniffed and sneezed. His eyes watered, nose ran and he felt cold and all clogged up. "I'll try for that shower now," he added and wandered through to the bathroom.
*
It was Sunday before the storm blew over; more than a week since they'd been abducted. Except for Steve's frightful cold, the group was healthy and fit. The tent, sleeping bag, clothes and gear were all dry so, unless the storm returned there was no reason to remain. The food was down to a few old tins and they decided that in the morning they would have to walk out to the road. The only equipment that disappeared was the raft. When Steve went out to check the evening before he found it had gone. The branch it had been tied to had snapped and rising floodwaters had carried it away sometime in the afternoon.
Cathy sat on a bench under the veranda while Steve and Lavina sorted out another pile of dry clothes.
 "Mum! Steve!" Cathy screamed. "Get out here!"
 They rushed out the door. Cathy was signalling to them with frantic body language.
 "Mum, listen!"
 Lavina and Steve both stopped when they heard the noise. Above the constant stream rumble a thump, thump, thump sounded in the distance. They gazed up the valley through the sunlight as the volume increased.
 "Steve!" Lavina shrieked, diving into his arms and kissing him on the lips before turning and grabbing Cathy in a bear hug and kissing her too.
 Above the stream, a helicopter was heading straight towards them.
 "We're here!" Cathy hollered and swung her arms like windmill blades while the two adults stood with their arms around each other.
 The helicopter with Rescue in white letters against the red fuselage was overhead in seconds and crew could be seen waving back at the frantic Cathy. There was no room to land but the craft hovered above the tiny knob of grass beside the hut while a crewman descended in a basket type contraption.
 Steve rushed forward, grabbed a dangling rope and guided the basket down. The crewmember landed and stood up.
 "Hi," he yelled above the roar of the engine above. "Andy's my name. You must be Steve, Lavina and Cathy?"
 Steve's hand went out in a steel like grip. "My God, Andy." His hair was blowing in the down draft but his grin broad. "You're one sight I never thought I'd see."
 "Sorry about the delay," Andy shouted. "If it wasn't for the storm we'd have been here earlier." He unstrapped his safety harness and fixed a slow grin on the excited girl "Want to go first, Cathy?" he asked.
 She nodded.
Andy clamped the safety harness around her, showed her how to sit in the basket and she was hoisted up to the helicopter. Hands reached out the opened door and she was inside.
 Within moments the two adults and equipment were also aboard and the craft rose into the air.
 "We found the upturned raft down river and feared the worst," Andy explained, "It was only a last minute decision to check out the hut."
 "How did you know we were in the area?" Lavina asked. Her eyes were wide with curiosity.
 "We read your entry in the top hut diary and knew you'd come down river in the raft."
 "You were at Top Ridge Hut!" Cathy gasped.
 Andy nodded but it was the other crewmember who spoke, "I'm Constable Julianna Webber." She turned to Lavina. "Can I speak to you in the cockpit, Mrs. Ryland?"
 "Of course," Lavina replied and followed the constable to the front.
 "I'm afraid I have some tragic news, Lavina," the constable said and told about the Cessna crash and Grant Ryland's death.
 "When? On Saturday?" Lavina gasped.
 "No, Monday morning." She frowned. "Why did you say Saturday?"
 "My husband doped Cathy and myself, abducted Steve at gunpoint and left us stranded on De Wolfe's Plateau on Saturday. It's a long story, constable. Can I tell Cathy and Steve about my husband?"
 "By all means."
 Lavina mind whirled as she tried to absorb the information. Grant dead! But how could he be? "What caused the crash?"
 "Preliminary reports suggest engine failure or a heavy coating of ice on the wings forced the Cessna down. It could have been heading for De Wolfe's Plateau."
 "So Grant did change his mind!" Lavina muttered, more to herself than the policewoman. She swallowed, thanked the constable and moved back to where both Steve and Cathy were waiting with apprehensive expressions.
 "The Cessna crashed and Grant was killed," Lavina turned to her daughter. "I'm sorry, sweetheart. It seems your father was flying back up to the plateau on Monday morning and crashed two valleys back…"
 "Dad's dead!" Cathy gasped, her face drained of blood and her lip quivered.
 "I'm afraid so, Cathy," Julianna Webber said softly. "Your Cessna crashed in steep bush country."
 "Serves the bugger right!" Cathy screamed but tears flooded into her eyes. She turned, flung her arms around Lavina's neck and buried her sobbing head in her shoulder.
 "We're heading to the hospital," Andy said. "It'll only be twenty minutes or so."
 "Thank you," Lavina said. She was still deep in thought, bit on her lower lip and gave Steve's hand a squeeze.
 A small crowd waited as the helicopter landed on the helipad at one of the city's public hospitals and reporters converged on the three as they dashed out under the rotor and were shown into a waiting ambulance for the short journey to the hospital itself.
 "How did you survive the storm?" a voice called out. "Is it true you were in the Cessna crash…? "A week in the bush is sure a…"
 The voices became a jumble as Andy elbowed the reporters and television cameras out of the way, jumped in the ambulance with the trio and yelled at the driver to get going.
 *
An hour later, Lavina studied the doctor's face and tried to fathom his facial expression. Something was wrong!
 "Mrs. Ryland," the hospital consultant said. "I'm Doctor Maurice Chappel. I was called in to examine your daughter's toes. They're more than just badly bruised, I'm afraid. She has frostbite. Two toes on her left foot need to be amputated immediately."
 "Oh my God! Is there no other way?"
 "I am afraid not, Mrs. Ryland. It's necessary to perform the operation as soon as possible. One more day in those hills and she could have lost all her toes on both feet, or even a foot itself. You'll need to sign the necessary papers."
 "It's not fair, doctor. After all this…" Lavina blinked back tears and held a trembling hand out to sign the document on the clipboard held out for her. "Will there be any complications?"
 "I believe she'll be fine, Mrs. Ryland. We'll need to keep a close eye on the other foot but I'm almost certain it will heal. Youngsters Cathy's age have remarkable resilience, Mrs. Ryland," the doctor continued. “She'll need crutches for a few weeks and may have to learn to rebalance herself when walking. Within a few months you'll hardly be able to tell she has missing toes."
 "Months!"
 "It could be shorter."
 "I want to tell her myself," Lavina said. "Steve too, please.”
 "Is he the girl's father?"
 'No," the distraught woman snapped. "A thousand times better than her natural father. Her father was the bastard who caused it all."
 The doctor nodded as if he understood. "We'll be along to prepare your daughter in fifteen minutes," he said kindly.
 Lavina nodded and walked out of the small office to where Steve was waiting.
 "What's wrong?" Steve asked after one look at her pallid face.
 "It's Cathy," Lavina sobbed. "Her toes."
 "Frostbite?"
 "You knew?"
 "I guessed," Steve said. "We'll tell her together, shall we?"
 "Yes." Lavina led Steve into the adjacent room where Cathy was lying in a bed with a nurse fussing around her.
 "What's wrong, Mum?"
 "The doctor said they have to amputate two of your toes on your left foot, Cathy."
 Cathy nodded but seemed to take the news well. "Will it hurt?"
 "No, sweetheart. You won't feel a thing."
 "Will you and Steve stay at the hospital while it's being done?"
 "Of course." Steve smiled down at her. "And when you come out of hospital you can stay at my place. Okay?"
 "No more boarding school?"
 "No more boarding school," Lavina said.
 *
 Lavina's next big hurdle was visiting the farm. The immediate neighbours had helped by feeding the dogs and supervising the farm animals since her disappearance and the subsequent news of Grant's death. She had accepted Bob and Fiona McPherson's offer to continue to keep an eye on the farm as she did not feel up to staying in her own home.
 *
 Grant Ryland's funeral was well attended by family, friends and acquaintances. Afterwards, at the traditional light afternoon tea in the funeral home Lavina moved from one group of mourners to another, saying the usual things one says at a funeral, promising to contact old friends again and knowing, full well it wouldn't happen.
 Finally, she moved to the side of the reception room and took a few moments to sip coffee and restore her thoughts. She'd asked Steve not to come and Cathy was still in hospital so the people most important to her were not with her.
 "It's all your fault!" a harsh female voice said from behind.
 "Pardon me?" Lavina turned and saw a young woman dressed in a formal suit. Her mind raced trying to trace the person. Of course, it was Janice Ludlow, her late husband's mistress.
 The woman had been weeping but now her eyes were hard and uncompromising. "It's all your fault Grant is dead," she hissed. "Grant was an excellent pilot and no way would the plane have just crashed."
 "Now listen here..."
 "And I'm going to prove it."
 Before Lavina could respond, another woman approached and stood beside her. "Go home, Janice," she said. "This isn't the time or place to vent your anger. Grant was killed in an accident and, from what I heard, Lavina has also been through a tragic time."
 It was Nancy Ryland, Grant's first wife. Lavina watched as Janice Ludlow snorted and stormed away before turning to the woman.
 "Don't worry about her, Lavina," Nancy said. "She's just like her mother. Mary always was a trouble maker."
 "Thank you," Lavina replied and bit on her lip, not knowing what to say next.
 "I'm Nancy Morrow now," the older woman replied with a gentle smile. She was still small in stature but looked well dressed and not the frail creature Lavina remembered. "Grant was a bit of a bastard, wasn't he?"
 "He was?" Lavina said.
 "And I heard this Janice Ludlow was his latest bit of fluff."
 "Like me thirteen years ago."
 "Not really." Nancy sighed. "I felt sorry for you then, Lavina. I knew what Grant was like. You weren't the first he put in the family way. The others just sort of disappeared from the district. Anyhow, that was years ago. How are you, anyway?"
 "I was fine until Janice Ludlow accosted me."
 "Forget about her." Nancy said. "Look, come over and meet Blake, my husband. We've been married five years, now."
 I'd love to meet him," Lavina said as a tall stout man in his late forties ambled towards them.
 "Pleased to meet you at last, Lavina," he boomed and held out a hand as big as a plate. "Nancy's talked about you a lot."
 They spoke for a while until someone else drifted up to offer condolences to Lavina and Nancy and Blake moved away.
 "I'll call you sometime," Nancy said as she stepped away.
*
 The next piece of unusual news came when Lavina visited Simon Aikin, her family lawyer, the following afternoon.
 "Your husband never left a will. I guess he thought he was immortal," the lawyer began and handed her another document. "I searched back and found the will of Joseph Clarence Ryland, your late father-in-law."
 "Yes, Grant's Dad died a decade back.  He was a fair old man. I liked him."
 ''He apparently thought the same about you. Did you ever read his will?"
 "No."
 "I think Joe knew his son very well. He left him controlling interest in the family farm but not ownership."
 "What!" Lavina sat forward in her chair. This was unexpected information. "Who owns it then?"
 "You do, Lavina," Simon said. "Your father-in-law left everything to you and added the proviso that if Grant ever divorced you, his rights of controlling interest would be forfeited and you would inherit everything. If however, you predeceased him and were still his wife on your death, the inheritance would pass onto him. Otherwise Cathy would inherit."
 "I was never told." She frowned. "You were my father-in-law's lawyer at that time. Why didn't you inform me?"
 Aikin flushed. "I apologize for that, Lavina. You seemed a happily married couple at the time. I explained everything to Grant and he said he'd inform you."
 "The old bastard. No wonder he stuck with me and became possessive if I even looked at another man. He knew if I walked out on him the farm would go, too."
 "The only mistake your father-in-law made was to give Grant controlling interest, which meant he could run the farm as he wished without consulting you. Grant ran the place into debt and had two mortgages that haven't been serviced for almost a year now. The bank is about to foreclose and sell the property."
 Lavina paled. "Grant said everything was paid up." She picked up the mortgage papers and glared at the lawyer. "I guess he thought I wouldn't be around, he would inherit what was left after the sale and still be quite a rich man."
 "What do you mean?"
 "We weren't stranded in the ranges by accident, Simon," Lavina explained. "It was cold blooded and deliberate." She detailed everything that happened and concluded, "…I walked in the sitting room just after breakfast to find Cathy slumped over the couch. I thought he'd killed her. I ran outside in hope of getting to my car where I had left my mobile phone. That's all I remember except a bang and pain in my shoulder. I guess he had fired one of those dart pistols at me. I woke up to find Steve there."
 "Have you told this to the police?"
 "Partly. They didn't seem very interested. They were more concerned about asking why Steve was with me and insinuated we were just having an affair together." She frowned. "As if we'd expose ourselves, not to mention Cathy to all that danger for a naughty weekend."
 "I'll speak to them," Simon answered. "And as for this mortgage" he added. "I doubt if we can save the farm, Lavina but you won't be left destitute."
 "I trust you Simon. Do what you can for me."
 "I shall," the lawyer answered. "Don't you worry about a thing."
 Lavina found Steve waiting for her in the foyer. "Strange events," she sighed and related the information learned. "His father knew what he was like. No wonder Grant kept me around. He needed me or he'd lose the farm. That was why he never cared about the debts, either. It was my farm he was ruining, not his."
*

CHAPTER 10
Emerson Heights Middle School was a private school that shared the same spacious grounds as the junior and high schools of the same name. The fourth major complex on the grounds was the boarding house that boarded girls for all three schools.
 Lavina drove up in front of the administration building and walked inside with some apprehension. The principal, Diane Cameron, had personally phoned her at Steve's place that morning and asked her to come in for a meeting.
 A girl about Cathy's age dressed in the blue school uniform glanced up from a small desk just inside the door.
 "Good afternoon, Madam. I'm Ellie, student host for this afternoon. Can I be of assistance?"
 Lavina smiled and gave her name. "You're Cathy's mum?" The girl grinned and forgot all about the ladylike manners. "I'm in her class. How is she? When is she coming' back to school? Did she get our cards and flowers?" All the questions came tumbling out.
 "She's fine." Lavina smiled. "I hope she'll be back before too long. She's not boarding, though."
 "Aw, we'll miss her, Mrs. Ryland. Everyone likes Cathy. She's just about the only one in the middle school who's not scared of the seniors."
 This was a different version of school life from what Cathy had told her. Perhaps their decision to withdraw her had been a little hasty. But in the present circumstances, she couldn't afford the fees, anyway.
 "Want a cup of coffee, Mrs. Ryland?"
 "No thanks. I have an appointment with Miss Cameron in five minutes."
 "That'll be a quarter hour," Ellie said, chuckling. "Old Candy Bar," she flushed, "I mean Miss Cameron believes in keeping parents waiting. It makes her feel important, I guess."
 However, in exactly five minutes, the thin forties aged principal walked out of an office with her hand outstretched. "Come in Mrs. Ryland."
 Lavina saw Ellie's surprise as the girl shrugged at her from behind the principal's back.
 "First, let me offer our deepest sympathy for the untimely death of your husband and also Cathy's traumatic surgery," the principal continued.
 "That's kind of you," Lavina said. "The cards and flowers from the trust board, staff and the girls in Cathy's class were appreciated. Her hospital room is full."
 "That's what I rang you about. There was an Emerson Heights Trust Board meeting last night to discuss Cathy's time at our school."
 Lavina frowned. Here it comes, the  we'd love to keep her with us but due to your present financial position routine. She was about to say they were going to enrol Cathy at the local state school when Diane Cameron's expression made her stop. The woman was smiling as she spoke. Lavina had missed the first words but tuned in to listen.
 "…the Carolyn Andrew Scholarship is one of several we award. It's awarded to deserving pupils who have shown fortitude and bravery in their young lives. This is quite distinct from the other scholarships awarded on pure academic grounds. The Emerson Heights Trust Board has decided to offer the Carolyn Andrew Scholarship to your daughter, Mrs. Ryland. It will cover tuition costs for the remainder of this year and also Years Nine and Ten."
 Lavina gulped. This was totally unexpected. "I don't know how to reply," she stuttered. "I was about to say we'd have to take Cathy away…"
 "Cathy is a well liked and respected pupil. I hope you'll consider our offer and accept it."
 "I'll need to talk to her, but I'm sure she'd love to accept your generous offer."
 "Good." Diane Cameron stood up. "If you accept, the scholarship will start as soon as she is well enough to return to school."
*
"Mum!" Cathy said excitedly an hour later. Her bandaged foot, minus two toes and a small section of adjoining flesh, was propped up on a box at the end of the bed. "You said yes, didn't you?"
 "I said I'd ask you. Do you want to go back?"
 "Of course I do," Cathy almost yelled. "It was only the boarding that was a problem."
 "Great!" Lavina laughed. "I'll phone Old Candy Bar and tell her you'll be back next week; that's if you don't mind walking around school on your crutches. The doctor said you could return to school then."
 "Old Candy Bar? How did you know Miss Cameron's nickname?"
 "Mothers know everything," Lavina said, laughing. It was wonderful to have something turning out well after all the other frustrations since their rescue.
 *
 "How do I look?" Cathy hobbled into the kitchen of the apartment and swung herself around. She was dressed in a blue tartan skirt, sky blue blouse and blue jersey with her hair tied back in a ponytail.
 Steve grinned. "Your new winter uniform looks great."
 "Hurry, I'll drop you off," Lavina said.
 "Can Steve drive me in the jeep? Everyone arrives by car but not many have a Jeep Wrangler."
 "It's filthy," Steve said. "I've had no time to clean it since we got it back from the police."
 "No it isn't." Cathy smirked. "Go and have a look!"
 When Steve arrived in the basement car park he saw the jeep all clean and shining. Even the tyres had been washed.
 "You have been busy." He scuffled the youngster's hair.
 "Well, I had to do something when you two were at all those meetings with the lawyer and at school," Cathy said. She swung the crutches out, lifted her woollen sock covered foot and shot across the concrete floor. Within seconds she was sitting in the vehicle, waiting. Steve kissed Lavina goodbye, ambled across to the jeep and drove off.
 The arrival at school was almost as spectacular with half a dozen or more classmates waiting by the drive. Cathy hobbled out, tried to appear, oh so suave, gave Steve a casual wave and disappeared into the building.
 Steve grinned, reversed around and headed for the office. Like Lavina, he was so pleased everything had worked out for Cathy. Now there were the farm problems to solve.
 *
 Lavina was home in the apartment going through a pile of farm financial documents when there was a knock on the door. She opened it to find a red headed woman a few years older than herself standing in the corridor.
 "You must be Lavina," the woman said in a pleasant voice. "I am Trish Garnet, Steve's wife."
 Lavina felt a pang of apprehension and her face showed it.
 "Don't worry," Trish said. "It's nothing bad. Can I come in?"
 "Sure." Lavina stepped back.
 "I purposely came to see you. The apartment looks nice. I can see a woman's touch."
 "Thank you," Lavina said.
 "Steve and I had an agreement to split our assets," Trish coughed, " I want to revise it."
 "So what has all this got to do with me?"
 "I am prepared to give Steve our house at 23 Ashley Grove if he'd take over the mortgage and give this apartment back to me, plus half what we called the Number 3 account. In other words, it will be a straight swap back on what we had originally agreed to."
 "Why?"
 "I find myself in need of a little money," Trish admitted. "Of course I could sell the house but with the depressed market and mortgage, I'd hardly have enough money to purchase an apartment like this. I heard you were living with Steve and have a daughter. Surely this apartment is somewhat small for you."
 "We like it here," Lavina snapped.
"Steve will do okay. I don't want the whole of what was our joint account, only half. Add it all up. I'm not trying to swindle him."
 "And you want me to persuade Steve because you think he'll just say no if you approached him yourself?"
 "Something like that," Trish admitted and grinned. "Have you seen our house in Ashley Grove?"
 "No."
 "Are you free now?"
 "Until three thirty. I have to pick my daughter up from school then."
 "We can pick your daughter up on the way back."
*
Lavina was impressed with the house. Somehow the design seemed to reflect Steve, the workshop and a loft bedroom in particular.
 "Steve drew most of the plans for it," Trish said as they sat in the kitchen drinking tea after the tour. "I bet your daughter would like it."
 Lavina looked at her watch. "We need to go now. I don't want to be late. She's just started school again."
*
With three women providing gentle pressure, Steve never stood a chance. A month later Lavina, Cathy and Steve moved to 23 Ashley Grove. Cathy was given the massive downstairs bedroom, which had its own patio and suite. Lavina felt embarrassed at the sheer size of the place. It even made the farmhouse look tiny.
 "I want to help finance it, Steve," she said. "When the farm sale goes through I can use the money left to pay off the mortgage here."
 "And you'd do that?" Steve replied.
 "Of course." Lavina smiled warmly. 'We're family, remember?"
 "Oh yes." Steve laughed. "I'd forgotten."
 "Steve!"
 "I'm kidding." Steve wrapped his arms around her and plunked a kiss on her responsive lips.
*
Kevin Thornton, Inspector of Air Accidents, stared across at Police Inspector Harold Matthews and pointed to the paragraph under discussion.
 "The aircraft was flying illegally, Harry," he said. "It was hundreds of hours overdue for an engine overhaul but it is my considered opinion that engine failure was caused by fuel starvation, not a mechanical failure."
 The police inspector grunted. "How so?"
 "The lead from the fuel tank came off, fuel leaked out, starved the motor and, on impact, a spark ignited it. That's why the Cessna blew up. It had nothing to do with the temperature or weather conditions. Much of the aircraft was incinerated in the aftermath of the explosion, but as far as we can tell, the de-icing equipment and carburettor were working perfectly."
 "What made the lead come off?"
 "I'd say someone loosened it. It was deliberately sabotaged."
 "So that falls directly into my territory," Matthews said. "Thanks Kevin. We'll get back to you."
 After Kevin Thornton left, Matthews turned to his subordinates. "I suspected this. That's why I set you two on the case. Any suspects or information yet, Pat?"
 Detective Sergeant Pat Stein placed another document on the desk. "Plenty. Ryland apparently thought of himself as a lady's man. He was an alcoholic, dabbled in drugs, and over the years had a series of affairs. He was mortgaged up to the eyeballs and the bank was about to foreclose. Apparently, the farm was poorly managed. If it wasn't for his wife, he would have gone under years ago."
 "Suspects?"
 The sergeant coughed, "Basically his wife, Lavina Ryland; mistress Janice Ludlow, the wife's boyfriend Steve Garnet; a couple of business acquaintances he owed money to and two women he'd had affairs with earlier on."
"There is one other possibility," Detective Constable Jane Frankton said. "It may have been an elaborate suicide. The man was about to go under and his much younger wife was having an affair."
 "But wouldn't he have just dived the Cessna into the ground? Why go to all the bother of loosening the fuel supply?"
 "He was a slimy bastard, sir. Perhaps he wanted it to look like murder," Stein said. "I'm inclined to think he planned to kill his wife, daughter and Garnet. According to their statements, he deliberately had them knocked out with a tranquilliser dart and left them on that top plateau. He was prone to jealous outrages, especially when he was high on drugs."
 "If that was the case he'd hardly go and kill himself two days later," Matthews added.
 "Improbable, but a possibility."
 "I think we can discount the suicide theory," Matthews said. "We have a homicide on our hands. Continue your investigation. Keep it undercover, though. If the murderer thinks he or she is in the clear, they'll make some error. Check everything, personal involvement, financial dealings, everything?"
*
Simon Aikin smiled as he glanced at his clients. "Since we last met, Lavina, I've been in contact with the bank. As long as an attempt is made to pay the outstanding interest, they've promised to hold off on foreclosing the mortgage, giving you six months or so leeway."
 "So I can continue farming the property, buy or sell animals or whatever?"
 "Yes, but you can't sell any of the land. You can certainly sell the spring lambs, but can't sell all your farm animals together at auction."
 "What about the deer. Can they be sold off?"
 "I think the bank would agree to that," Simon replied. "As long as the money went back to service the mortgage."
 "Good. We'll do that for a start." Lavina grimaced at Steve before turning back to the lawyer. "Can I put a manager on the place?"
 "Certainly," Simon said. "In fact, I was about to advise you to do exactly that. It would have to be a short-term contract though. I could draw up the papers if you wish."
 "That's all I'd want," Lavina replied. "Our accountant gave us a pretty gloomy prediction about what would be left after the bank took its money back. We'd have to sell anyway."
 "I'll handle it right away," Simon said.
 "Thanks, Simon," Lavina said. "I don't really want to go back there to live. Thirteen years was more than enough."
*
 "That only leaves one thing," Lavina said as they drove towards the school to pick up Cathy.
 "What's that?" Steve said.
 "The old school property. It's just been sitting there since everything happened."
 "I know. I guess I forgot about it. Mind you, it's winter now so I guess I couldn't do a lot there anyhow."
 "Let's go back this weekend, Steve. We can stay at my house. I need to get bits sorted out there, anyway. If we get a manager, we can let them have the furnished house. Grant's stuff has been taken away but there's still plenty of Cathy's and my things."
 "Good idea, but I'll help you. The old school can wait. It was intended to be just a hobby anyway. We could put the trailer on the jeep and bring a load back.” He grinned. "Getting my house back was a good idea. At least we have room to store things."
 "I love it, Steve, and so does Cathy."
 "I know." Steve grinned. "Just about taken it over, hasn't she?"
 "Yeah." Lavina laughed. "I've never seen so many girls in my life. I reckon the school could just about move to Ashley Grove. The girls from her old boarding dorm love visiting. Gets them away from school, I guess."
 "That and the spa pool," Steve said.
 He swung the jeep into the school driveway just as the home bell rang. The quiet street was suddenly filled with hundreds of girls in their blue uniforms heading home. And Cathy was waiting for them, all grins again as she leaned on her crutches for perhaps the last time. 
*

CHAPTER 11
"My God, we're in trouble now." Steve grinned over the back of the passenger's seat of Lavina's Nissan Pulsar where Cathy and her friend Donna were seated. It was the mid-winter school holidays and Steve decided to take a week off, too, so he could help Lavina sort out the farmhouse before the new manager shifted in. He could even find time at the old school, too, if he was lucky.
 "Why?" Cathy retorted when Steve's eyes fell on her. She was dressed in her new jeans, top and jacket, all presents from her party the night before.
 "With your birthday yesterday we have a teenager in the family. I don't know if we'll be able to cope," he said.
 Cathy screwed her nose up. "Mum! Make Steve stop teasing me. I'm no different."
 "You're in real trouble now, Steve," Donna interrupted with a grin. "I've been thirteen for two months."
 Throwing his hands up in mock horror, Steve grinned at Lavina as she turned off the highway to Lower Forks Road. The car was filled with bags and gear for their week's stay and they were all looking forward to getting away from the city.
 Lavina chose to ignore the good-natured banter. "The road's a bit swishy. I hope there aren't any more slips farther up. We had enough rain in the city and usually it is heavier up here."
 She shifted down and manoeuvred the heavy car expertly around a tight bend as the windshield wipers had to be switched on again. They continued on through heavier rain before descending below the rain clouds into the valley.
 "The last time we had weather like this was up on De Wolfe's Plateau," Steve said. "I hope it doesn't turn to snow."
 "I hope it does," Cathy said.
 "Well, you won't be going out in it with your sore foot," Lavina said.
 "Awe Mum. The doctor said I could treat it as normal now. Tell her, Steve."
 "Me!" laughed Steve. "You fight your own battles, Miss Teenager."
 Cathy scowled for a second and then turned to her friend, Donna. "Mum did say we could ride the quad bike."
 "Only if Donna drives," Lavina said. "You won't be able to change gears." She glanced in the rear vision mirror. "And only on the farm tracks except the steep back one until the weather improves."
 "And wear safety helmets, " Steve added.
 Donna's eyes glowed. The four-wheeled quad bike was one of the attractions of the holiday. "Yes Steve and Lavina," she said, giving Cathy a poke in the leg.
 Fifteen minutes later they arrived and everyone helped carry bags and groceries inside. Much of the cleaning had been completed and all evidence of Lavina's late husband was gone. The only subconscious reference to the man was Lavina's refusal to sleep in the old master bedroom. Instead, she'd moved her clothes and personal items into what had been the guest room.
 "This will be our room," she said to Steve the first night. "I don't want to be tainted by old memories."
 The house seemed friendly again and it wasn't long before a blazing fire was alight in the sitting room and the girls were cackling away in Cathy's bedroom. Steve and Lavina sat down for a cup of coffee in the kitchen.
 "So what did you think of our final selection for the temporary manager?" Steve asked.
 "He sounds perfect," Lavina said. "With only four replies to our advertisement and the first two looking like they were more interested in growing drugs than farming, I was becoming despondent. Mind you, either of the last pair seemed suitable."
 Lavina had insisted Steve help her select the farm manager and they'd checked out the applicants and had interviews the week earlier. Their final selection was Barrie Dey, a third year university student who had to complete three month's practical work on a high country farm as part of his Bachelor of Agriculture degree. Though only in his early twenties, he seemed confident and knowledgeable.
 "I think we made the right choice," Steve said. "I had a feeling the other guy would move on if anything better turned up. There'd be nothing worse than having someone walk out in the middle of spring lambing."
 "I agree. I was impressed with Barrie, too," Lavina said. "Come on, you can help pack all the crockery we're taking home with us. A bachelor will hardly need a forty piece dinner set."
*
The crisp white frost had melted. After a good deal of nagging, Cathy and Donna were allowed to take the quad bike out across the track that was cut up a moderate hillside to an upper plateau. The heavy tread of four tyres crunched through the ice that still covered the shady slopes as Donna roared the vehicle forward in one of the crawler gears. Clouds of blue smoke chugged out the exhaust.
 "Come on, Donna!" screamed Cathy from the rear of the extended seat as she clung to her friend's waist. "Put it in a higher gear and go a little faster instead of just roaring hell out of the motor."
Both teenagers wore bright blue crash helmets, thick jackets, gloves and knitted black balaclavas. On their feet were gumboots, the rubber footwear that reached their calves.
 "Okay," Donna shifted gears. The quad bike's tyres bit the soil and propelled the two passengers in a burst of acceleration. The driver gasped and throttled back to a more sedate speed.
 Cathy took her eyes off the track and gazed over the farm. In the valley to their right the roof of the farm house could be seen amongst tall trees and hedges while further back, the gravel road wound away with the Upper Forks Road School just visible in the distance. She swung her head and gazed over the sunny green slope ahead dotted with white blobs of grazing sheep. However, her gaze detected something moving across on the other hill. A person had just reached the crest of the hill and was striding across the flat top paddock.
 "Nobody should be walking across our property," she yowled and tapped Donna on the back. "Let's go and investigate."
 "Right," Donna yelled back. "How do I get there?"
 "This track leads around the side of the hill and comes out at the end of the top paddock. From there we can drive across the grass."
 Half way around, a section of the road below came into view below them. A small orange car was parked on a grass verge.
 "I know that car," Cathy hissed. "It's Janice Ludlow's, the woman Dad was having a fling with. Now, what would she be doing crossing our farm?"
 "Beats me." Donna yelled back. She slowed on a tight bend, changed back to a low ratio gear and waited for Cathy's criticism but praise came instead.
 "You're going well," Cathy said. "Stop by the gate at the top. I'll open it for you, then it's all the way across the paddock."
 By the time the girls reached the spot where Janice Ludlow had been seen, the woman had disappeared. The girls climbed off their vehicle and strolled around searching in all directions.
 "Look here, Cathy!" Donna shouted.
 Cathy joined her on the edge of the hill where it sloped back down into a steep shaded valley. Distinct in the white frost, footprints led down out of sight.
 "Come on," Cathy said. "We'll have to walk."
 The going was slow but Donna waited patiently for Cathy and gave a guiding hand on the steeper sections. They eventually reached a fence line bordering a line of thick native bush. The footprints led directly to the fence before they stopped.
 "What's there?" Donna asked.
 "The cave. It's actually a tiny stream that goes through a narrow canyon. The foliage above has grown right across in parts. The canyon meanders around until the stream goes into this huge cave and comes about half a kilometre away on the other side of the road just beyond a bridge. It's fun to walk through in summer but can be a raging torrent at this time of the year. I would imagine the rocks along the edges would be covered after all the rain we've been having.” She grimaced. “It's a steep climb down to the bottom, though. Years ago Dad tied a wire all the way down and cut some steps in the bank. I doubt if I could make it with my foot, though."
 Donna shivered, "Why would this woman go there all by herself?"
 “What was that?" Cathy whispered. Both girls stopped and listened as a faint cry filled the air.
 The girls stared at each other and cupped their gloved hands to their mouths and called out.
 "Help me!" a muffled reply came back.
 "Sounds like she's slipped or something," Donna said. "I'll go and look."
 Cathy grabbed her sleeve. ”No. It's too dangerous. You're faster than me. Take the bike and find Mum or Steve. I'll wait here!"
 "We're here!" she screamed down the bank. "We'll get help!"
 There was no reply.
 It took half an hour, but finally the ancient Land Rover appeared and drove down to where a cold and impatient Cathy waited. Lavina and Donna jumped out and dashed to her.
 "Even though I've kept shouting, I've heard nothing," Cathy reported.
 "Okay," Lavina said and handed Cathy the mobile phone. "Donna and I will go and have a look. Steve's at the school but probably left his mobile phone in the car. Try to get him. If you can't and we aren't back in half an hour, ring the McPhersons next door."
 "Right, Mum." Cathy was worried.
 "I've got a thermos of coffee in the Land Rover," Lavina said. "Go and sit in it and have some. There are some sandwiches, too. I was making them for your lunch when Donna arrived."
 "Thanks Mum."
With a coil of rope slung around her shoulders and a torch in her hand, Lavina disappeared down the slope. Donna gave a wave and Cathy was alone. In the distance a bellbird twittered a song but she was too apprehensive to be impressed. She ambled over to the Land Rover and tried Steve's number. The call rang but there was no reply.
 *
Lavina examined the path and made a slipknot in the rope, tied it around a small shrub trunk and tossed the rest of the rope down into the cavity below.
 "I'll go first, Donna," she said.
 She moved down backwards hand over hand until her feet found a secure foothold just above where the normally trickling brook, tumbled past in a dirty brown torrent, two meters wide and half a meter deep. There were still dry rocks on each side and footprints could be seen in a tiny gravel section.
 "Janice, can you hear me!" Lavina called out.
 "Hear me…hear me…hear me," the echoes bounded back.
 She listened but could only hear the tumbling water.
 "Hello!" she screamed.
"'Hello…hello…hello," echoed her voice again before a faint, "Help me, please," became intermingled with it.
 "I heard it, Lavina," Donna said in a hushed voice as she reached Lavina's side. "Wow. It's creepy down here. Cold, too!"
 Lavina recovered the rope and handed the torch to her young companion. "Remember to step where I do, Donna. And watch out for stinging nettle. It can grow quite vicious down here." She pointed to a branch of spiky shaped leaves growing on a bush in the bank. "Don't let it touch your skin."
 With Donna like a shadow following every step, Lavina pushed her way through the foliage of grass and ferns, over a massive tree trunk jammed across the gap and down another steep section of rocks until they were on the floor of the canyon. The walls on each side were covered in dripping moss and, high above tree branches twisted together in a canopy of light green. In one spot, a ray of dust sprinkled sunlight shone down and bathed a wall in light. The brown water tossed and jumped in a miniature version of the river she had travelled through in the raft.
 "It's pretty down here," Donna whispered.
 "Yes. It's lovely in summer. Come on! I hope you don't mind getting your feet wet. I think we'll have to wade through water before too long."
 "No problem."
 The main obstacles were the dozens of logs jammed everywhere. They went under some, over others and even along a few with the water pounding beneath them, until the area opened out and there was a small gravel spit on the side. Several footprints could be seen facing the way they were heading.
 "Janice!" Lavina yelled.
 "I'm here in the cave," the reply came back faint but distinct. "I think my foot is broken."
 The pair made their way cautiously until they reached the dark cave. It was shaped like a Russian church with an onion shaped point towering above them. Donna shivered and switched on the torch.
 "We'll get wet," Lavina observed. The stream stretched from wall to wall but didn't seem too deep.
She stepped in and found the water reached half way up her gumboots with the pressure pushing the rubber in. "I think we'll use the rope again," she said. “That water's pretty swift."
 With Donna's help she tied the rope to a firm log jammed between the rocks, walked into the cave and fed the rope out as she went. It worked well but ran out before they'd completed their journey. Lavina tied the end to another log and continued on.
 "I can see your torch," the voice sobbed through the darkness.
 They found the distressed woman sitting on a log with one foot jammed through the debris beneath. She stared at them with wide eyes.
 "Lavina Ryland!" she gasped and fear shot across her face.
 Lavina asked Donna to shine the torch around. "It's okay, Janice," she said as the woman's staring eyes and white face came into view. "I've come to help."
 "I'm sorry, Lavina," Janice said. "I was a damn fool coming here but I just wanted to get away from everything."
 "Where's your torch?" Lavina asked.
 "I never had one. That was the trouble. I thought I could see but didn't remember how dark it became. I was trying to walk along this log and slipped through a rotten bit. My leg became stuck and when I attempted to get out my foot became twisted somehow."
 "Okay," Lavina said. “I'll see if I can crawl underneath and free it."
 "You'd do this for me?"
 "Of course. Why not?"
 "Well, I wasn't exactly friendly to you at Grant's funeral."
 "You were under stress. We all say things we don't mean."
 "But I did," Janice answered. "It was afterwards I found out about you being dumped on the plateau." Her voice trailed off. "It almost fits in with what happened that Sunday."
 "Forget about it," Lavina replied. "Let's get you out of here first." She made her way past Janice and let herself down the meter drop on the other side so she was standing in the cold water. "Damn!"
 "What is it, Lavina?" Donna said.
 "The water's flooded into my gumboot." Lavina shivered. "Hell, it's cold." She bent down and took the offending footwear off, tipped the water out and handed it up to Donna. "I'll give you both of them, Donna, then you hand me the torch."
 In the harsh torchlight she could see Janice's foot jammed between two large branches just above the water level. The freezing water was up to her thigh. As she stepped forward, the icy water reached her waist. Water soaked jeans clung to her skin like concrete. Lavina grinned to herself. She should be used to this by now.
 "I'm under you," she yelled up.
 Janice's foot was twisted and wedged in but did not appear broken. Lavina tugged on the bottom most branch and felt it give a little. "I'm going to undo your boot lace," she called out again. "When I yell, try to pull your foot out."
 "Okay!"
 Tightened by the water, the knot was impossible to undo so Lavina took a small pocketknife out and cut the lace. The top of the boot sprang out but Janice's foot was still wedged between two branches.
 "Donna," Lavina called. "Can you find a stick to use as a wedge and come down here?"
 "Sure, Lavina!"
 Seconds later the shivering teenager appeared behind her with a stout piece of wood in her hand.
 "Thanks," Lavina said. "Just what I needed. I'm going to wedge it between the two branches. When I pry them apart, I want you to twist Janice's boot. Okay?"
 Donna clutched at a branch beside them and nodded. Water was up to her chest and the frail girl seemed to remain in one spot through sheer determination. "Okay. Lavina," she said, reaching up to the boot.
 "Janice," Lavina yelled. “When I tell you, try to pull your foot out of your boot."
 "Okay!"
 Lavina poked the wood between the branches so it was on a diagonal. She hoped that the pressure pulling down on the long bit sticking out would move the twisted branches apart long enough for the foot to move. If it didn't work, they'd have to get a chainsaw to cut the branches. She gritted her teeth and wedged the stick further in. Handing the torch to Donna, she pulled downwards. There was a creak of parting timbers, and the boot appeared loose.
 "Now!" she yelled. The pressure was terrific and she doubted if she had the strength to hold it apart for more than a few seconds.
 Donna pushed the boot up, saw she was getting nowhere and switched her tactics. She moved sideways a fraction, grabbed the swollen ankle and yanked it towards her. Janice screamed in agony but their combined effort was enough. Just as Lavina's arms could maintain the pressure no more, Janice's ankle slipped out and the boot went tumbling into the stream below.
 "We did it!" Donna shouted. In her excitement she dropped the torch.
 The light plunged into an eerie darkness but, to the youngster's surprise, the torch still shone beneath the water. She gasped, took a breath, reached down for it and came up spluttering, saturated with water streaming off her hair. Meanwhile, Lavina had let the wedge go and Janice's foot disappeared through the gap above.
 “I got the torch," Donna said, shining the torch beam up the gap where Janice's foot had been.
 Lavina smiled and gave her young companion a hug of appreciation. Together the pair climbed out to where Janice was standing and nursing her ankle.
 "I don't think it will take my weight," Janice whispered. "I think it is sprained." Her attempt to walk ended in a stagger and a suppressed grunt of pain and all she managed was to find a branch behind her to sit on.
 "Okay," Lavina said. "Donna, can you make it back to Cathy by yourself? Take the torch with you."
 "Sure, Lavina," Donna said, shivering.
 "Tell Cathy what's happened. If she can't get Steve on the mobile phone she should ring Mr. McPherson and tell him we'll need another adult to help carry Janice out."
 "Fine, Lavina but you keep the torch. There's enough light to see." Before Lavina could protest, Donna placed the torch in her hand and was gone.
 Lavina stared at Janice's pale face and pinched lips. Lavina wiped a cold hand over her brow, sat beside her adversary and gave an inward sigh.
 "Tell me, Janice, " she asked in a quiet voice. "Why did you come down here, anyway?"
*

CHAPTER 12
After Donna disappeared, silence settled over the cave with only the quiet chatter of water running unseen beneath the log they were sitting on. Lavina switched the torch off and, as her eyes adjusted to the gloom, features of the surrounding area came to life.
 "Look," she whispered, giving Janice a brush on the arm.
 In the ceiling above thousands of tiny dots of blue lights glowed, more numerous than stars on a cloudless night. With the darkness and silence, tiny glowworms had begun to switch on.
 "When Cathy was younger we used to come down here just to see them. She used to make up little stories of tiny fairies."
 "Tell me, is Cathy good company?"
 Lavina could only see the outline of her head in the gloom. "Yes. She was the only person that kept me going over the last five years. After the school closed, we sent her off to Emerson as a boarder. She was only eleven at the time and it was as if my arm had been ripped off. I was so lonely here on the farm and Grant was no help."
 "You were his second wife. If you don't mind me asking, what were the circumstances?"
 Lavina felt annoyed for a second but her companion's tone somehow sounded as if she needed reassurance and wasn't just being nosy. The woman was slumped against the wall with her head back gazing at the glowworms. In profile, she was an attractive person with shoulder length brown hair hanging over her face.
 Of course, Lavina thought, Grant always went for the young slim attractive ones. She wondered why women were taken in by him. After all, his once masculine frame had turned to fat years ago and his hair had receded. She shuddered. It didn't matter any more. He was gone and she had Steve.
 "I'm sorry," said Janice who had taken Lavina's silence for disapproval. "It's none of my business."
 "No, I was just daydreaming. I had Cathy on the way. Grant's wife had walked out on him and we were married. That's what young ladies in the conservative country districts did in those days." She continued with a brief description of hers and Cathy's life, a little about the school before it closed and comments about the farm.
Without warning, Janice burst into tears; long tortured sobs with her body shaking in the darkness.
 "What's wrong?" 
 "I was carrying Grant's child," Janice managed to get out between the sobs. "On that Sunday I told him and he just called me a bloody little trollop who couldn't protect myself. The bastard never considered it was his responsibility, too." Her voice broke again and her head dropped. Lavina placed a comforting arm around her shoulders. "You must hate me."
 "No. To tell you the truth I hardly know you, Janice. But from what I hear now, I think you're a very lonely and desperate young lady. How old are you?"
 "Twenty," the girl sobbed.
 "The age I was when Cathy was born."
 The young woman continued to sob quietly. Lavina thought back to the conversation and couldn't help comparing Janice to herself at the same age. She too, had come from a conservative rural family, had no companionship and had been taken in by Grant's masculine charms, the facade of money and a flashy vehicle. Then Cathy was on the way. She thought back to the conversation. Janice had talked in the past tense about her pregnancy.
 "Are you still carrying the baby?"
 "No," snivelled Janice. "You don't have to worry about your daughter having a half brother or sister. I solved that part of it."
 "When?" Lavina's voice was full of empathy.
 "Just after Grant's funeral." Janice blew her nose on a wet handkerchief and the quiver in her voice subsided. "I thought I could get on with my life."
 “But it hasn't worked out that way?"
 "No. My father booted me out when he heard of my affair with Grant. He said he didn't want a slut in the family. I never even told him about the pregnancy. I told nobody, except Grant and now you."
 "And your mother?"
 "She died when I was fifteen. Poor Mum. She had a hard life. My father was so religious it became an obsession with him. I left home as soon as I could and only came back in the varsity holidays because I felt sorry for Dad." She shrugged. "Damned if I know why. He'll never change, now." She turned and her eyes looked white in the gloom. "This morning I was depressed and drove out to the district. I was going to visit Dad but chickened out and continued up the road. I parked at your place and walked across the farm. When I saw the quad bike chugging up the track I didn't want company so came down here. I've been here in the summer with Grant…" She heaved a sigh. "We'd meet here on a Sunday afternoon and… well you know."
 "That sounds like him."
 "Yes it was strange, somehow," Janice continued. "All my life Sunday meant going to church, sometimes twice, and having a dinner that Mum slaved over while Dad just read the paper in the front room. And there I was only a few years later being screwed by a local farmer almost every Sunday. In my twisted mind it seemed sort of revenge or something…" She sniffed again. "You wouldn't understand."
 "Oh, I think I do," Lavina said. "If you'd met someone like Steve instead of my husband you'd probably be very happy now. It's not your fault he was such a bastard. You'll meet someone, Janice. You're young, educated and attractive. One day you'll look back on these days and laugh about it all."
 Janice turned and her eyes met Lavina's. "I know now you couldn't have possibly sabotaged the Cessna, Lavina. But somebody did."
 "How do you know?"
 "I don't really. It's just too much of a coincidence. That Sunday, Grant took me for a short flight and the plane flew perfectly. He rattled on about having just replaced some parts in the engine and how pleased he was with it. He was quite pleasant earlier in the day before I told him of my condition."
 "Forget about all of that now," Lavina said. "We'll get you out of here and you can come up to the house. I'll find you some dry clothes. You're about my size." She laughed.
 "What's so funny?"
 "Oh nothing, " Lavina said chuckling. "Grant just liked woman built like us. You know, slim with ample breasts. The trouble was, I reckon, we had too many brains to go with it."
 Janice also gave a chuckle. "Lavina, thank you. I'm glad we had this chance to talk. I feel so much better now."
 "Even if it is in a freezing dark cave in the middle of winter," the older woman replied. "You know, I'm pleased we spoke, too. Woman's stuff, isn't it?"
 "Yes, woman's stuff," Janice replied and reached out so her cold hand squeezed Lavina's.
*
Their solitude was interrupted by an echoing yell up the cave and Donna appeared out of the darkness. She was still saturated but had a broad grin across her face.
 "Steve and Mr. Dey are on their way."
 "Mr. Dey?"
 "You know, Mum, your new worker. He came out on a visit and was talking to Steve."
 More voices and a torch shining in the distance interrupted them. Steve smiled at Lavina sitting safely on the log with drenched hair and soaked clinging clothes.
 "My God," he said, laughing. "You can't keep out of the stuff, can you?"
 "We're bloody cold," retorted Lavina. "Hi, Barrie. It's good to see you again." She nodded to her companion. "Meet Janice."
 "Hi,” Barrie replied, holding a hand out to Janice. "So you're the one with the broken leg."
 "Well not quite,” she replied and her eyes linked with the tall bearded man who was about her own age. "A twisted ankle is closer to the mark."
 "You were sensible not to try to walk out on it," Barrie said. "In these conditions you could have made it worse."
 Steve gave a concerned look to Lavina. "You okay?"
 "Fine. Only wet and cold. Once we get back to the house we can all dry off and have something hot to eat. I've got that pot of soup simmering away."
 "Right," Steve said. "I reckon if Barrie and I cross arms we can make a seat for Janice to sit on."
 The two men crouched down beside her. She slung her arms around their shoulders and was hoisted between them. Lavina and Donna walked in front to clear away branches and vegetation. Within ten minutes, they were at the bottom of the hillside where they'd first descended.
 The men set Janice to the ground and she hobbled to a rock to sit down. "Thanks, guys."
 Barrie squatted beside her and lifted the leg of her jeans so he could examine the wound. "It looks pretty bruised and swollen," he said. "If you were a horse we'd probably have to shoot you."
 "Thanks!" Janice said with a laugh.
 Barrie stood up. "I'll piggyback you up to the top. The track looks a bit narrow for the two of us to go up side by side."
 The climb up proved no problem. The bedraggled survivors tumbled into the Land Rovers and Steve started up and followed the other vehicle back while Lavina took the opportunity to bring him up to date on what she had learned.
 "I feel sorry for her," she concluded when they were almost back at the house. "She's only a kid really and seems utterly alone."
 "But did have a fling with your husband so she can't be that innocent." Steve said.
 "I know but I like her. She reminded me of myself, somehow."
 Steve drove into the implement shed and stopped, Cathy rushed up and their conversation was broken.
 It was now hot showers and baths with both bathrooms in full use over the next half hour. Finally the girls and Janice emerged with the visitor dressed in Lavina's clothes and using Cathy's crutches to move around. She smiled shyly at everyone and sat down at the kitchen table where Lavina had begun serving the soup. Barrie made a point of sitting opposite her and they soon struck up a conversation about their lives at the university.
 The girls bounced back to life and soon were off into the other room where Steve had his computer so they could surf the Internet.
 "We'll do the dishes," Lavina said. "You two go through into the front room and relax. I'll get you a basin of warm water for your ankle if you wish, Janice."
 "Thank you," Janice said. "I don't think it's too bad; just squashed by the branches and badly bruised."
 "Good." Lavina grinned. "Later, Steve can show Barrie around the farm. You're welcome to stay too if you wish, Janice."
 "I'd like that." Lavina saw the thank you look in Janice's eyes. "I'll need to get my car, though."
 "I'll walk up and get it," offered Barrie. "A walk in the sunshine will be good for me."
 "Everyone's being so considerate," Janice said in a quiet voice. "You're all strangers yet treat me so kindly." She glanced back at Lavina. "Are you sure you don't want help with the dishes?"
 "Go and soak your ankle," Lavina replied. "We've got two teenagers in the other room if we need any help."
 Janice smiled as Barrie held the door open for her as she limped through to the other room.
 "Don't make it too obvious, Miss Match Maker," Steve whispered to Lavina.
 She reached up and kissed Steve. "You should have seen her an hour or so ago. It can't do any harm."
*
Just before she left, Janice made a point of finding Lavina alone. "Considering the circumstances this sounds stupid but could we stay in touch? I haven't been able to talk to anyone in years yet this afternoon …"
 Lavina smiled. "I'll give you our town address and if you don't visit us, I'll be most annoyed," she said. "You'll need to return my clothes, anyway." She squeezed Janice's arms. "Remember to go and get your ankle checked."
 "Barrie said he'd follow me home then take me to the medical centre in town," Janice smiled. "I told him it wasn't necessary but he insisted.”
 "I wonder why!" Lavina chuckled.
 *
Steve woke in the middle of the night and found Lavina still tucked in his arms. He thought about their love making of a few hours ago and couldn't resist kissing her neck.
 Lavina swung around and sat up.
 "I was thinking," Steve said. "You said you could see no way out of having the farm sold to pay all the debts."
 Lavina switched on the bedside lamp. "Go on," she said.
 "I had a look at those figures and also survey sheets of the farm. You know it's in two titles?"
 "Yes." Lavina yawned and pulled a blanket up under her chin. "The neighbour's farm was sold out about twelve years ago and we bought that top plateau. About sixty acres, I think it was."
 "Would that include the track and cave?"
 "It does, why?"
 "Couldn't you keep that and sell the rest of the farm?"
 "But it wouldn't be profitable by itself."
 "Not as a farm maybe, but that cave would make a great tourist track. We could put a walkway through; people could stay at the school and visit the cave. I found out a bit on those huts near De Wolfe's Plateau, too. Apparently, that bush track we were on is one decommissioned by the government to save money. The huts are officially closed and are up for tender for anyone interested. I know the Deer Stalkers Association bought some."
 "Steve, what are you getting at?"
 "This is a beautiful area of the country but except for the locals, nobody knows about it. We could start off in a small way by using the school as a tourist lodge or perhaps one for school parties, bring them through the cave, visit a sheep farm in operation, fly visitors on scenic flights and…"
 "You're serious, aren't you?"
 "Just thinking." He gave a wicked laugh and rolled towards her. "While I'm thinking…"
 "Steve!" Lavina said as he drew her into an embrace. "Don't you dare…"
 But he did and she responded.
*
Janice and Barrie's trip to the medical centre confirmed she had lacerations and a severe ankle sprain but no break. The limb was bandaged and she was loaned a pair of crutches. Afterwards, she accepted Barrie's invitation to supper and a movie, after which they visited a small intimate tavern. By two in the morning they were at her flat.
 She placed mugs of steaming coffee on a small kidney shaped table in the living room. She used the remote to switch on the television, but they both had other thoughts on their mind.
 "No, Barrie," Janice protested as the young man moved beyond an affectionate kiss and began to lift up her jersey.
 "Well, they're Lavina's clothes and you wanted to give them back, anyway."
 "Not while I'm wearing them."
 "Exactly," he replied with a smile and pulled her close. 
*

CHAPTER 13
Winter turned to spring and, with it, lambs. One of the main incomes for the farm was the sale of lambs for overseas meat markets. The more lambs safely born and growing, the more profits for the farm. It wasn't that simple, of course. Prices fluctuated from season to season and had been depressed for several years now.
 Barrie had approached his new position with enthusiasm and already the evidence was showing. Lamb percentages, the percentage of live births per ewe, were up ten percent from the last season Grant or, in reality Lavina, ran the farm even though the weather had been cold and drizzling for two weeks.
 Every morning, the young man would be up at dawn to do the lamb beat. He'd walk through the farm, help ewes having birth difficulties, bring home-orphaned lambs and look after the animals. It was often freezing cold out in the exposed paddocks but he would methodically do his rounds and return to the house for a well earned mid morning breakfast.
 Afterwards, in the implement shed, there were two house cows to be milked and ten orphaned lambs in a pen to be fed. Spring was the busiest time of the farm year but in many ways, the most rewarding. This was Barrie's chosen life and he was happy.
 Saturday was the big swap day as Lavina called it. By mid-morning Steve, Cathy and Lavina would arrive at the farm and Barrie would have the next thirty hours off. He would return to town to spend time with Janice. Saturday night would be spent at her flat and, after a leisurely Sunday, she would follow him back to the farm in her car. She would return to the city by eleven on Monday morning, the time of her first lecture.
 Although Barrie was living in the house, he insisted that Lavina and her family stay there on Saturday night because, as he said, he really only used half the rooms anyway.
 *
"Come on, my love," Lavina shook her sleeping partner in the darkness. "Time for the Sunday morning lamb beat. It's raining."
 "Right," Steve muttered. He sat up, yawned and shivered as the blankets fell off.
 "Relax. I'll do it,” Lavina said and sighed as memories returned. "I did it by myself last year. It was so peaceful out there with the solitude."
 Steve leaped out from the sheets and grabbed his warm farm clothes. "We do it together. That's our agreement."
 "Yes dear," Lavina's eyes showed the appreciation she felt.
 Rain beat down on their long oilskin rainwear as the pair walked back across the last paddock towards the house. It had been an easy round with no complicated births. One newborn lamb had been carried into the shelter of some trees with a bleating ewe in hot pursuit and another lost one returned to its mother.
 "We were lucky with the deer," Lavina commented as she opened the massive double sized gate so they could enter a deer paddock.
 "We were," Steve agreed.
 The entire deer herd was sold to a farmer wanting to rebuild his own stock. The price was less than Grant had paid for the animals a season before but far higher than if they had to be sold in smaller units.
 "And what are you going to do with these massive fences?" Steve nodded at the three-meter high enclosure they were now in.
 "Barrie thinks he can come to terms with the guy who bought the deer." She wiped rain off her ruby cheeks and smiled. "Barrie's turned into quite an astute business man."
 "You're right," Steve said. "He told me yesterday morning he wants to make the position permanent."
 "But how can we, Steve?"
 "Well, I hope you don't mind but I approached the bank last week."
 Lavina stopped and turned to face him. "Why?"
 "Nothing sinister, my dear," Steve laughed. "I was just sounding them out, that is all. The manager in charge of rural loans is most impressed with the way things have been going since Grant's death. I think he'd been talking to Jack Trent, the government farm advisor. He's agreed to refinance the farm mortgage and has put the foreclosure on indefinite hold."
 Lavina's eyes sparkled. She grinned and wrapped herself, soaking wet oilskins and all, around her partner and gazed into his eyes. Steve bent down and kissed her wet lips.
 "You mean…"
 "There will be no forced sale of the farm. Of course it can still be put on the market but on your terms."
 "Our terms, Steve."
 "So we'd better make our arrangement permanent," Steve added softly and kissed Lavina again. Rain ran down his neck but he didn't mind.
 "What do you mean?"
 "Does Mrs. Lavina Garnet sound good to you?"
 The woman's eyes widened. "Is this a proposal?"
 "My divorce comes through soon." He shrugged, "Yes, I guess it is."
 "Oh Steve!" Lavina cried and hugged him so tightly the two oilskins appeared as one.
 "Is that a yes?"
 "It is!" She laughed. "Oh Steve, of course it is."
 "Then you'd better put this on," Steve said, handing her a small red velvet box.
 Lavina stepped back and opened it. Inside was a beautiful three-diamond engagement ring. "Steve," she glanced up and the water in her eyes wasn't just from the rain. "This must have cost a fortune."
 Smiling, Steve took the ring from the box and reached for Lavina's hand. The ring slipped on perfectly.
 "I got the size from your old rings," Steve confessed.
 "You sly old bugger." Lavina half laughed and half cried as she held her hand up. "It's beautiful, Steve. Come on, I have to show Cathy." She took his hand and raced to the house.
 "Mum!" Cathy hugged and kissed her mother, then did the same to Steve before gazing into his eyes. "You took your bloody time about it, Steve," she said.
 *
As usual, the parking area at Cathy's school was full as parents waited to pick up their daughters. When Lavina finally found a spot and parked, a teacher immediately stepped towards her car and poked her head in the driver's window.
 "Mrs. Ryland, Cathy's mother?" 
Lavina nodded. 
"I'm Roanne McKendrick, the physical education teacher. Could you come across to the administration block, please?"
 Lavina frowned. The woman appeared serious and almost distressed. "Is Cathy hurt?"
 “I'm sure she is fine, " Ms. McKendrick said. "The girls were teasing her and she took it to heart."
 After being shown into a small office, Lavina took a seat. "Could you explain, please?"
 "You know we started swimming in our indoor pool today."
 "Yes. Cathy was looking forward to it."
 "Well," McKendrick continued, "The girls saw her injured foot for the first time and a couple started to tease her about it."
 "How?"
 "They saw she only had three toes and called her chicken foot. Donna and Ellie stood up for her but by the time I walked into the changing room there was almost a full scale fight between six of the girls." She shook her head and added, "Cathy was in tears. She redressed and refused to go swimming. I found out the reason for the fight from the girls later."
 "Where is she? I'll talk to her," Lavina said.
 "That's the trouble, Mrs. Ryland. Cathy walked out and she didn't go back to her homeroom for the last period. One of the girls reported seeing her walk off the grounds. Three teachers are driving around the streets looking for her as we speak. We believe she may have taken a city bus at the corner. I'm sorry, Mrs. Ryland."
 "I appreciate everything you've done, Ms. McKendrick. Knowing Cathy, she's probably gone home. I'll call her on my mobile?"
 " If it's any help, I've given detention to the girls who teased Cathy."
 Lavina shook her head. "Girls can be so spiteful at this age."
 She called home, but there was no answer. She left a message on the machine telling Cathy to stay there and wondered what to do next.
 *
"Forget about Kirstine," Donna said to the sobbing Cathy an hour earlier. "She's just a big fat slob."
 Ms. McKendrick had let Donna and Ellie stay with Cathy in the changing room, cancelled the swimming lesson and had the other twenty-three girls sit on the benches beside the pool while she sorted out what happened.
 "Yeah," said Ellie. “She's a fat pig."
 Cathy nodded as she finished redressing and sat to put her socks on. "I hate it," she cried. "They didn't have to cut my toes off. I can't even bloody walk properly now." Tears rolled down her cheeks and plunked onto the floor. "I thought it would make no difference to my swimming but I'm never going in again."
 She slipped her shoes on and jammed her new togs and towel into the school bag. Without another word to her friends, she stood and walked out of the pool enclosure through the playground and the gate. Cursing her limp, she walked for several blocks without really caring where she was going.
 An hour slipped by before she realized it was after three thirty. Her leg ached and she suddenly felt alone. Mum would be at school now. What would she think? Cathy glanced around. The street consisted of depressed commercial buildings near the centre of town. She stopped and tried to figure out where she was.
 "Hi girlie," a harsh voice called. "You lost or something?"
 Cathy swung around and saw a youth grinning at her. He wore tatty jeans and a backward facing baseball cap. Hideous tattoos covered his arms.
 "Want some fun?"
 Cathy paled, turned and ran as fast as her wounded leg could carry her along the footpath.
 "Uppity little bitch," the voice called after her.
 Tears came again as Cathy turned a corner. This street looked even more run down. She turned back, saw that the youth had gone but there were three more hanging around a hundred meters away. She swallowed and cut across the road, amid blaring horns and a screech of car brakes.
 "Idiot!" someone called.
 She reached the other side as a car pulled to the curb. A window slid down. "Would you like a ride, Miss?" a man in a crisp suit asked in a polite voice and held the curb door open.
 "No thank you," Cathy replied and stepped back.
 The man scowled and opened his own door. Cathy stared and once again turned and tried to run. But her sore leg buckled, she staggered and fell. The man was almost up to her. He wore a grin but his eyes looked hard.
 "Bugger off!" she screamed and lurching to her feet. She backed away but the man continued to step towards her. The only time his eyes left her face was when they stared down at her breasts.
 "That's not very nice language," the man grunted. A tongue ran over dry lips that broke into a repulsive smile.
 Cathy swung her head. The youths were across the road but her side was empty. Only concrete buildings towered up around, all with closed doors. She swung back and broke into a limping run but could still hear footsteps behind.
 In a panic, she forgot her aching leg, dropped her bag and tore along the street. Her heart thumped in a heaving chest but she kept going until she was certain she'd left the creep behind.
 Suddenly the car pulled into the curb in front of her. The bastard had driven up behind her. Cathy did the only thing possible. She cut back across the road and stood panting as the man glowered at her and began to follow.
 "Oh shit!" Cathy sobbed. Her folded arms held her vibrating rib cage as she bent forward and gasped for breath. Even the rapids in the river weren't as terrifying as this.
 Cathy stared around. Beyond the immediate buildings were the taller downtown blocks. She couldn't be too far from Steve's office. But what direction should she go?
 The man had reached the curb only meters away. But fate was on Cathy's side at that moment in the form of a city bus that turned into the road. Crying with relief, the youngster waved and screamed as she limped towards it. The massive vehicle pulled to the curb, double doors swung open and she plunged inside.
 "A dollar, ten," the driver said.
 Cathy nodded, deposited the coins in the glass container and sat in the nearest empty seat. She just sat gasping and wiped tears from her face. Her bag had gone, she was sure her foot was bleeding but she was safe.
 A few moments later the bus arrived at a familiar street. Cathy alighted at the next stop and limped towards the shopping mall.
She went into the foyer, up the lift, along the corridor and into an office.
 "Cathy!" cried Steve's assistant, Suzanne. "Everyone's looking for you." She studied her tear-smudged face. "What happened?"
 "Is Steve in?" sobbed the girl.
 "Yes, sure. Go on through."
 Steve turned from the telephone.
 "Steve!" Cathy ran into his arms. The tears flowed as she buried her head in his chest.
 "Hello my love," Steve said to Lavina on the telephone as he patted Cathy's hair and held her close. "You'll never guess who just dropped in."
*
Doctor Clive Lewis at the Nova Road Medical Centre bandaged Cathy's foot and smiled. "There we are Cathy," he proclaimed. "Your foot shouldn't be too bad now. It will be sore for a few days but there are no permanent injuries." He glanced up at Lavina. "Can we have a word for a moment?"
 "I'll go and wait with Steve," Cathy said.
 "I've given her a mild tranquilliser. She should be fine," the doctor said when Cathy left the room. "There's something else about her foot I'd like to discuss. I thought it was better to do so without her present so her hopes wouldn't be raised too much."
 "Yes?" Lavina said.
 Doctor Lewis opened a thick medical book at a pre-marked spot and turned it around so Lavina could see. Two coloured photos showed a foot with three amputated toes on one side of the page and a complete foot on the other.
 "It's the same foot," the doctor explained. "The patient in this article had three artificial toes added. They're more than just a cosmetic change but are fully functional synthetic toes cemented into the bones somewhat similar to an artificial tooth implant. "
 Lavina studied the article and skimmed the highly technical paragraphs. "How does it work, Doctor?"
 "All the normal toe joints are duplicated but this model also has a minute microprocessor that is fed information by a series of electronic pressure pads beneath the toes." He turned the page where an enlarged drawing showed the workings. "This toe nail provides access to a battery, similar to a watch battery. The microprocessor is underneath." He pointed to the diagram. "Minute circuits in these pressure pads record and send back information so the toes move just as real ones would."
 "It sounds fascinating."
 "Once installed, the patient's walking habits are saved in the processor's memory so future movements become automatic, once again like in real toes. The patient in this article barely has a limp and that is with three artificial toes. He can run and even stand on tiptoe without losing balance."
 "They look so real." Lavina turned back to the first page.
 "That's synthetic skin that covers the titanium joints beneath. The difficult part, Lavina, is the cost. Accident compensation will only partially finance it."
 "How much?"
 "In the vicinity of thirty thousand dollars, I am afraid. That's taking into account the twenty five percent accident compensation subsidy."
 "How long would it take for them to be made and fitted?"
 "We do all the measuring here but the toes are manufactured in Singapore. I'd say about six to nine months before Cathy could have an operation to install the device. Afterwards it takes several weeks to fine tune it and so forth. There's been a ninety percent success rate."
 "And the other ten?" Lavina asked.
 "Mainly problems with the body rejecting the artificial implant and some with patients rejecting the toes for psychological reasons. Usually these are people with other medical problems."
 Lavina nodded and thumbed through the article again. "Can I show Cathy and Steve?"
 "Yes. Go through to the nurses' station. There's an office there where you can discuss it in private."
 "If you want to go to the next stage, I can refer you to Doctor Horstmann. He'll go though everything with you and, if you're interested, perform the operation." He smiled. "He's one of the foremost authorities in the world on artificial limbs."
 "Thank you Doctor Lewis." She slipped the book under her arm and walked to where Cathy and Steve were waiting.
*

CHAPTER 14
"The final report on the Cessna ZK HTG crash is in," Sergeant Pat Stein placed a heavy document on his desk and looked across at Constable Jane Frankton. "It confirms our suspicions."
 "Sabotage?"
Stein nodded.
 Jane frowned, brushed her hair back, crossed her legs and produced her own document. "There have been some interesting behavioural patterns, different from what one would expect."
 Stein raised his eyebrows. "Go on."
 "It appears the mistress and the wife are the best of friends. Also, Ryland's body hardly had time to get cold before Janice Ludlow started another affair. And ten days after the funeral she had an abortion. Very hush-hush, it was."
 "Ryland the father?"
 She glanced up. "That's what timing suggests. Her new boyfriend, Barrie Dey is the newly appointed manager of Lavina's Ryland's farm."
 "Cosy arrangement," Stein muttered. "Do you know if she knew him before Ryland's death?"
 "I'm not sure but they're both students. There's very little on her life at university. She boarded with a couple of other women who said she's a loner. Won't go to the pub at the end of the week and so forth."
 "Anything new on Ryland himself?"
 "He played around while his wife ran the farm. He was prone to jealous rages and could be violent. Drank too much and went from one affair to another... usually with young women who worked in the district. In most cases they dumped him rather than vice versa. He had small time criminal connections, you know druggies and gamblers … " She stopped and read her own notes for a minute. "Here's an interesting bit, Pat. The bank was about to foreclose and sell the farm under him."
 "We knew that."
 Frankton smiled. "But now the bank's agreed to refinance the mortgage."
 "So both suspects have gained by Ryland's demise?"
 The constable nodded. "Lavina Ryland couldn't have done it. We've confirmed everything about her story. They were victims and damn lucky to have survived. Ryland drugged them and dumped them on De Wolfe's Plateau. She couldn't have sabotaged the Cessna that weekend."
 "So it was Ludlow? She's done okay out of it. Pregnancy terminated and a new boyfriend."
 "Or there was a conspiracy," the constable suggested. "Perhaps Ryland's wife and mistress planned it together. Both have new partners, the farm is refinanced and the boyfriend is employed as manager. I also found out the farm was in Lavina Ryland's name but Ryland had controlling interest."
 "So he was running her farm into the ground?"
 "Plenty of motivation there," Jane added.
 "The boss upstairs wants action so we'd better get to it. We'll bring them in for questioning but need hard evidence before we can make any arrests."
*
 Lavina lips were pencil thin and her hazel eyes like ice when she replied to the two detectives standing in the kitchen of 23 Ashley Grove. The last twenty minutes had been harrowing and intimidating.
 "No, Detective Sergeant Stein, I shall not accompany you to the police station to answer questions about my late husband's death. I resent any insinuation that I had anything to do with the Cessna crash. You come here and practically accuse me of planning to murder my husband, sergeant and neglect the fact my daughter has two amputated toes because of that man. She has a pronounced limp that will probably be permanent. So I did all that to create an alibi?" Her eyes bore into the man. "You think I would put my daughter's life at risk to save my own skin?" She turned and walked to the window as her emotions seized control and tears flowed down her cheeks.
 "We're only following up a series of leads, Mrs. Ryland," Constable Frankton said. "You've been accused of nothing."
 "My lawyer is Simon Aikin. Anything else you wish to say to me will be in his presence. I have to leave to pick up my daughter from school so please go."
 "We regret the intrusion, Mrs. Ryland, "Pat Stein stepped towards the door. "Perhaps you could get Mr. Aikin to contact us."
 "You don't regret it one bit, sergeant. You have a job to do and don't care who you tread on to do it. Good afternoon to you both."
 She walked to the door and held it open.
 *
"Guilty as hell," Jane Frankton muttered as she drove the mufti police car down the road. "She got a flashy house out of it too, I see."
 "I don't think so." Deep in thought, Pat Stein scratched the side of his nose. "Those aren't the actions of a guilty woman. If she'd meticulously planned her husband's murder, she wouldn't blow it with anything like today's performance. Also, that bit about her daughter was true. I did a bit of checking on the family. She carried her husband for years and it was only her daughter that kept her going. If she had planned to do him in, she could have easily made sure Cathy was back at boarding school or staying with a friend."
 "So you're eliminating her from our suspects list?"
 "Yes. If the roles were reversed I would have been as annoyed as she was with our heavy handiness."
 "Then why did you do it Pat?"
 "To find out the sort of person she was. Scratch the surface, the old cliché goes. We did that but there was no killer underneath." He grinned. "If she'd been so inclined, she'd have done the bastard in years ago."
 Jane shrugged. "So who's left?"
 "Ludlow, the girlfriend. I believe she's the murderess. All we have to do now is prove it."
*
 Janice agreed to accompany the two detectives to the police station. Within moments of arrival, she was in an interview room with Sergeant Stein and Constable Frankton.
 "Is it true Grant Ryland fathered a foetus you had aborted, Miss Ludlow?" Stein slipped the question in after reducing the young woman to tears.
 "How did you know that?" Janice glanced at the floor but her trembling hands exposed her nervousness.
 "Answer the question, please."
 "Yes," she whispered.
 "And your father doesn't know about this."
 Janice raised her tear stained head "It's none of his business." Her voice trailed away.
 "You were scared of both men weren't you?" Jane Frankton slipped in.
 "Yes."
 "Was Ryland blackmailing you into performing sexual favours?" she pushed.
 "Yes," Janice whispered. "He threatened to tell my father of our affair."
 "But your father already knew," Stein interjected. "He ordered you out of the house. Your story's not consistent, Miss Ludlow. "
 "I don't know," Janice sobbed. "All I know was that Grant Ryland forced himself onto me."
 "You mean he raped you?" Jane added.
 "I don't know," Janice whimpered. "I guess it was."
 'You guess it was, Miss Ludlow. Surely you know whether or not you allowed the man to have intercourse with you," Stein snapped in a louder voice.
 Janice wiped a hand over her eyes, down her nose and across her lips before bursting into tears again. Jane handed her a tissue and glanced up at the sergeant.
 "Did he rape you, Miss Ludlow? Yes or no!"
 "Yes," she whispered. "Not at first. I was flattered by his attention, he told me his marriage was over and I believed him. Later, though, after Dad disowned me I tried to break it off. That's when it started."
 "How?" Jane asked softly.
 "He spiked my drink and I have only vague memories of him touching me. Later, he threatened me. It went on and on," she sobbed. "I even tried to leave town but he found me." Her voice changed to a sobbing whisper. She accepted a tumbler of water and continued her harrowing story.
 "So why didn't you report it, Janice?" Stein's voice sounded almost friendly.
 "I was afraid of him and also my father's reaction."
 "Your father! You're twenty years old. Why are you still afraid of your father? Did he also attack you sexually?"
 Janice looked horrified. "No, nothing like that. Dad was so prim and proper… ultra-conservative. Everything is just a hangover from when I was a child. He used to hit me with a belt for the slightest thing." The girl's hands began to wring and her body trembled. "I'm still terrified of him."
 "And Grant Ryland became a personification of your father. He terrified you too but it was worse because he attacked you for sexual gratification and you were too scared to say no. Is that correct?"
 "Yes," Janice sobbed. "I had nobody to turn to."
 "So you decided to kill him!" Sergeant Pat Stein snapped.
 "No! I didn't. That is not true!" She stood up. "You're trying to frame me, you bastard!"
 The girl's expression changed as she gritted her teeth and wiped the tears away. "You have no right to do this to me. I have done nothing wrong and wish to be represented by a lawyer."
 Stein glanced at Jane Frankton. "Very well," he replied. "That will do for the moment, Miss Ludlow. You may go."
 Janice glared at Stein and walked to the door. Just as she reached it the sergeant spoke again. "I would advise you to get that attorney, Miss Ludlow."
 "So what now?" Frankton asked
 The sergeant glanced up. "We proceed with this one, Jane," he muttered. "She may have been provoked, it may not even be murder but I'm dead certain she is the one who sabotaged that aircraft and killed Ryland."
 *
 Janice arrived home to an empty flat, stared around the familiar scene but it offered no comfort.
 "The bastards," she swore, poured herself a drink of wine and screwed up her nose. The unfamiliar taste was quite tart but the ingredients did relax her a little. She poured another and glanced at her watch. Damn, she'd missed the eleven a.m. lecture.
 She had a shower and changed into a new dress she'd bought the week before. She couldn't even remember why she'd been attracted to Grant in the first place. He was a chauvinistic prick.
 Janice finished her glass, wrapped her bum bag around, grabbed the half empty bottle of wine and headed out to the car. She'd go and visit Lavina. Perhaps the cops had talked to her as well.
 The drive across town to Ashley Grove was peaceful but the place was empty. That was unusual. Lavina was usually at home until about two when she drove in to pick up Cathy. Janice sat in the car to wait but, once again, the doubts rushed back into her mind. Even her father encroached on her thoughts. God, he was a miserable old bugger, too. When she was Cathy's age, she remembered how she'd howled for hours when he'd banned her from going to a school dance.
A month later, she'd sneaked out and had gone to the next one anyhow. Her father had found out and hit her across the arms with his leather belt while, the whole time; her mother had stood whimpering in the corner. Her mother died only a year later. Tears welled in Janice's eyes. She'd never really known her mother, but that time Mum had stepped in and stopped the beating. It was the only time she ever remembered her mother standing up to the old man.
 Janice sighed. Her mum's threat that day to walk out and take her with her had a pacifying effect on her father. That was the last real thrashing he gave her. But nothing she did could please him.
 Janice shrugged. "I still can't," she muttered to herself. "But who's the lonely one now, Dad?"
 Then like an idiot she had to get mixed up with Grant Ryland, a man even more moody and violent than her father. Poor Lavina had stuck by the bugger for years. Now he was gone and the bloody police were blaming her.  My God, I'd have shot the bastard, not just stuffed the Cessna up. Whoever did it, did the world a favour.
 Janice unscrewed the wine bottle and took another sip to steady her nerves. The alcohol was so soothing. After another twenty minutes Lavina hadn't returned so she scrawled a short note on a piece of notebook paper, poked it in the keyhole of the side door and drove away. She headed to the highway and out of town. She needed company and immediately Barrie entered her thoughts. That's it! She'd go and see Barrie! With her mind made up, Janice gave a burp and felt a little better. He was the one good thing that had happened to her over the last few months.
 The trip to Upper Forks Road was covered at a far greater speed than Janice usually travelled but the hundred plus kilometres an hour jolted her blurry mind when she hit the gravel, the car shuddered and almost ran off the road.
 She slowed for a few moments but gradually drove faster as her confidence returned. Stones pinged under the car and tyres screamed on the tight bends. Luckily, no opposing traffic came along the narrow road.
 The inside back wheel hit loose gravel and sent the vehicle diagonally across the road towards a small bank.
 "Shit!" Janice growled and swung the wheel the other way, over compensating and then attempting to correct her mistake.
 She braked. The car slid off the loose side gravel, skidded across a grass verge and plunged down a small bank to end up in a small gully surrounded by shrubbery. The fright of the sudden stop jolted Janice back from her inebriated state. She unlocked the seat belt and staggered out of the vehicle. The cold crisp air cleared her head a bit, but she felt terrible.
 She began to tremble at the aftershock. She climbed back in the car, started the motor and after spinning the front driving wheels, managed to get nowhere. The car would need to be towed back up to the road. Cursing her bad luck, she climbed up through the shrubs and looked along the deserted road.
 "Bugger," she snorted and set off to walk the rest of the way.
 The old school appeared but the countryside was still empty. Suddenly, Janice felt sick, sort of hot and cold all at once. She made the edge of the road just in time before emptying her stomach contents into the ditch beside the road.
 "Serves me bloody right," she muttered but had to admit she felt a little better. She needed to go to the bathroom urgently, though.
 Of course, she'd go up to the school. Steve had repainted the old outside toilets and they were never locked. Janice just made into the little wooden building when the walls began to spin. Unnoticed, the door creaked in the wind and banged shut behind her. She shook her head but felt all sweaty again. The room began to spin. She reached the tiny sink, turned on the old tap and even felt the icy cold water on her hands before her feet buckled under her. As her head fell forward, a sharp window ledge caught her chin. Janice collapsed onto the cold concrete floor with her new dress covered in blood and water splashing from the tap above.
*

CHAPTER 15
"Poor Janice," Lavina sighed when she read the note shoved in the keyhole.
 "What is it Mum? You've been keeping something from me all afternoon and now there's this note from Janice."
 "I've been in talking to Steve and missed Janice when she came to visit. That's all."
 "Mum! Don't lie to me. What's it all about?"
 "Get changed and I'll make you some afternoon tea. I'll explain everything then, okay?"
 Cathy stared at her mother for a moment. "Are you in trouble?"
 "No sweetheart." Lavina sighed and hoped it was true. "The police called today and said someone may have sabotaged the Cessna. They're trying to find out what happened."
 "And they're blaming you?" Cathy gasped.
 "No but they've also been talking to Janice."
 "She wouldn't have done it, Mum. Janice isn't that sort of person."
 "That's what I said. Steve told me not to worry, but I am."
 "You reckon she'll go off her head again like when we found her in the cave?"
 "She didn't go off her head, Cathy. She was just depressed. Anyhow, she said in her note she was going to the farm. I'll ring Barrie and see if she's okay."
 A few moments later, Barrie told her he hadn't seen Janice and there was no reply from her flat.
 Lavina rang Steve back. "I'm worried. The note was written at lunchtime so she should have reached the farm by now, Steve. She mentioned being interviewed by the police and that was it. I would say she's pretty distressed."
 "After you left, Simon Aikin phoned back," Steve said. "He's filed a complaint at the police station about how you were treated."
 "Good!"
 "He's also prepared to represent Janice, if she wishes."
 "We have to find her first."
 "I'll drive out to her flat then come home," Steve said. "If we haven't heard from her by then we'll drive out to the farm!"
 "Right," replied Lavina and rang the farm back again.
 *
 Mid weekdays were a lonely time for Barrie, Janice had been back at varsity since Monday and wasn't due back until Friday afternoon along with Steve and Lavina.
 Lunchtime came and went, the weather was drizzly and there was an hour before he began his afternoon lamb beat. Barrie switched off the radio and was about to head out to the implement shed to feed the orphaned lambs when the telephone rang. It was Lavina with her worrisome news.
 Barrie hung up and wondered what he could do. Like Lavina, he realized Janice would be at the farm if she'd come straight out. He rang her flat but there was no reply. Of course, she may have decided to go to her afternoon lecture. Barrie glanced at her time table stuck on the corkboard above the telephone, rang the university and asked for an urgent message to be relayed to her. Fifteen minutes later, though, he received a phone call to say Janice was not in the lecture theatre.
 "Oh hell,” he muttered and headed down the road in the Land Rover.
 Twenty minutes later he saw Steve's jeep coming the other way and both vehicles stopped beside each other on the muddy gravel with windshield wipers swishing in the steady rain.
 "She hasn't arrived," Barrie shouted across the gap.
 "What about further up the road past the farm?" Lavina asked from the passenger's seat. "Have you driven up there?"
 "No," Barrie replied. "But why would she go past the farm?" He saw the worry in Lavina's eyes and shrugged. "Okay. I'll turn around and follow you back."
 Ten minutes later Steve screeched to a stop beside the skid marks across the road just before the school. Followed by Lavina and Cathy he followed the tracks down through the shrubbery.
 "Oh hell," Cathy gasped with her exclamation reflecting everyone's feelings. They'd found the wreckage of Janice's car. Seconds later everyone realized the wreck was empty, the door was open and Janice's footprints were in the muddy soil.
Steve felt the bonnet. "The engine's cold. I'd say the car's been here for at least an hour."
 "So why didn't she get to the farm?" Barrie said. "Could she have fallen in the stream and been swept away?"
 'No," Lavina said. "It's too small." She walked around and shouted, "Look, another footprint. She must have climbed back to the road. Come on!"
 At the roadside, three more footprints were found heading up the road but after that, nothing. Barrie frowned and stared at the others. "She may have headed across the paddocks or gone to the school for shelter. It's been raining all afternoon."
 They drove the short distance to the school but it was deserted. They decided to split into two groups with Barrie and Cathy returning to the house and walking back through the paddocks where there were several gullies to be checked while Steve and Lavina checked along the stream edge in case Janice came back down and followed it.
Later the four, now wet and tired, met in the kitchen to decide what to do next. Nothing had been found, not even footprints and the whole roadside, streambed and lower farm had been searched.
 "What about the canyon?" Cathy suggested. "Could she have gone back there?"
 "I doubt it,” Barrie replied, "She wouldn't have had time."
 "I rang the neighbours but nobody has seen her," Lavina added. "She never arrived home at the flat. I checked that too, in case she'd been given a lift back to town."
 "What about the hospitals?" Steve suggested. "She may have been picked up and dropped at one of them."
 After ringing both area hospitals, he shook his head. "Nothing," he muttered. "I guess we ring the police."
 "No," Lavina said. "I don't think Janice would want that."
 "Why?" Barrie asked. His normal calm personality was replaced by agitation.
 "The police were pretty ruthless to me this morning," Lavina said and explained what had happened, '"It seems from what Simon told us, they had her at the police station for over an hour. I don't think it would have been a pleasant time."
 "Well what do we do?" snapped Barrie. "My God, it's still raining out there. If she's hurt in a ditch somewhere…" He stared wildly around.
 "We've searched all the ditches, Barrie," Lavina replied in a kind voice. "Everywhere within walking distance of the crash site has been searched. Luckily, there's no bush at this end of the valley."
 "She has to be somewhere," Barrie snorted. "I'm going to have another look. I'll take the dogs. They may help."
 "I'll come," Steve said. "Lavina, what say you and Cathy drive up and down the road in the jeep? You might just see something."
 Lavina nodded. She knew Steve was thinking of Cathy. Even though the teenager hadn't complained, her foot would be aching by now. The youngster had a determined expression, but had black lines under the eyes. "Come on, Cathy," she said. "Let's take the jeep. We've got about half an hour before it gets dark."
 "I know who did it," Cathy said a few moments later as they drove slowly up the road beyond the farm and pulled into a picnic site.
 "Did what?" Lavina asked. Most of the surrounding countryside was now in shadows but a small streak of sunshine still hit the hill behind them.
 "Killed Dad. Those criminals he was working for did it. Perhaps they were here today and captured Janice."
 "What are you talking about, Cathy? What criminals?''
 "Dad was flying things up north for them. He made a couple of trips that I know of. There were probably more."
 Lavina frowned. Grant had had several over night flights but had told her it was to try to get the farm refinanced. She remembered having an argument with him and saying he was wasting his time. He'd said something about receiving a payment soon that would help pay the mortgage off.
 "What do you know, Cathy? This could be vital information."
 "He was visited a couple of times, always on Thursday when you were in town at that course you attended. The first time was when I was home sick from school with the flu and the second during the holidays. Dad always thought I was a little kid who wouldn't understand anything and often spoke to adults in front of me. He spoke on the telephone often, too. I think he stored things here and delivered them in the Cessna again a few weeks later."
 "I never saw anything stored anywhere on the farm."
 "What about Granddad's wine cellar?" Cathy suggested.
 Lavina frowned. "There's no wine cellar, Cathy. That was just an old story your Granddad told you when you were a child. He used to sit you on his knee and tell you all sorts of little stories about fairies and things. You were only three or four at the time. I'm amazed you remembered."
 "It's true, Mum," Cathy said. "He showed it to me one day. I remember I was so scared. There were concrete steps, a couple of swinging light bulbs and a wooden rack with old dusty bottles in it. It smelled all musty. I can still remember the odour."
 Lavina stared at her daughter. “Where was it?"
 “That's the trouble, I don't know. Donna and I hunted for it last holidays but found nothing. I know Granddad took me into the implement shed but that's all I can remember."
 "Interesting," Lavina said. She smiled at her daughter. "But let's find Janice, shall we?"
 She started the jeep and reversed around. Her thoughts turned to the conversation. Cathy could be on the right track. Grant was quite capable of being mixed up in criminal activities and could easily have tried to swindle someone, got discovered and a revenge killing made. And as for that wine cellar, the house was ninety years old and had had several alterations over the years. Also, the implement shed had been extended not long before her father-in-law's death. Perhaps there was a door or even a trapdoor somewhere that had been covered up.
 "I'm right, Mum," Cathy said. "Check with Janice when we find her. She went with Dad on one of the flights up north."
 "She did?"
*
The sun had set and twilight turned to darkness when Barrie and Steve climbed out of the streambed and headed towards home.
 "There's still a chance she got a lift to town. Someone could have taken her to their home or to a different hospital. Even the police," Steve said.
 "I suppose," Barrie said. He stared down at the two dogs and gave a half-hearted command. "Find Janice, Spotty!" he ordered. "Find Janice, Bunt!"
 The sheep dogs looked at him with intelligent eyes and dashed away up the road. This was their fourth or fifth search but so far to no avail. Steve watched the dogs dash along the roadside and disappear into what was once the school football field. Suddenly Bunt began yelping and headed around the side of the main building.
 "Come on," Barrie shouted and broke into a run.
 Both men arrived to find Bunt barking while Spotty was scratching and whining at the door of the toilet block. They rushed forward and noticed water running out under the door and along the path.
 "Someone's been here,” Steve said.
 Barrie pushed inside and saw a crumpled form in the corner.
 "Janice!" he cried and stooped to pick the woman up. Steve turned off the tap and pulled the plug out of the sink. "She's saturated and there's blood everywhere!" Barrie cried out, carrying Janice outside and setting her on the lawn. "Janice!" he cried again and hugged her into him.
 Steve knelt down and felt the side of Janice's neck. "There's a strong pulse. Come on, we'll get her into the school. There's an electric heater inside."
 Barrie was half way across the lawn with Janice in his arms when she gave a shudder and opened her eyes. "Barrie," she croaked. "My God, it is you!"
 "Janice!" Barrie grinned down at her and bent his head forward to kiss her cold lips.
 'I'm cold, Barrie," Janice replied and attempted to cuddle him but lapsed back into unconsciousness.
 Within moments, the lights of the school were blazing, the curtains pulled and the small bar heater turned on. The dogs were praised and allowed in. They sat with their tails wagging as they watched everyone.
 Barrie laid Janice on a couch and began an examination as she woke up again. Her dress was soaked with bloody water and the cut on her chin began to bleed again. Steve boiled up a kettle of water and within moments, Janice's face was bathed and sticking plaster applied to her chin.
 "I'm fine," Janice protested but her teeth were chattering. She sat up and pulled the blanket Steve handed her around her shoulders. "I went to the bathroom and slipped. I guess I banged my chin and knocked myself out."
 "I'll go and get a car from the house," Steve said. "We need to get you into something warm and dry, Janice."
 "There's no need," called a voice from the door. Lavina and Cathy came bounding in. "The jeep is outside. We saw the lights."
 "Hi, Lavina …Cathy," Janice greeted in a weak voice. "I've really made a fool of myself, haven't I?"
 "You're safe and that's all that matters," Lavina replied.
 "We looked everywhere," Cathy said. "Where were you?"
 "She was in the toilet block," Barrie explained. "The door had slammed shut so that's how we missed her the first time."
 "The dogs found her," Steve added.
 Cathy beamed and bent down to hug both the dogs. "Good girls. I'm proud of you."
 Caught up in the moment, the dogs barked, thumped their tails and ran back and forth between Cathy and Janice as more praise was heaped upon them before they finally sat down to watch the humans fuss over the victim.
 "The police..." Janice began but Lavina interrupted.
 "I know," she said. "They interviewed me, too. Don't worry, our lawyer has filed a complaint."
 "They think I vandalized the Cessna and killed Grant," Janice blurted. "Then I had to go and run the bloody car off the road." She broke into a slight grin. "Lucky the cops never found me. I had a bit to drink."
 "Let's get you home," Barrie said. "God, we've been so worried."
 He helped Janice to her feet, tucked his arms around her shoulders and they walked out to the jeep together.
 *
 The next morning, the talk was about the police. Cathy's conversation with her mother about Grant's criminal connections was forgotten for the moment. It was brought back to Lavina with a jolt when Barrie, who had left early to do his lamb beat, came rushing inside to where everyone was seated around the breakfast table.
 "There's a police car coming. I saw it winding up the valley," Barrie said. "It'll be here soon."
 Janice and Lavina both paled. "I don't like it," Janice cried. "Why would they come all the way out here unless it's to arrest me?"
 "You don't know that," Steve said.
 "I need to hide."
 "If they're serious they'll probably have a search warrant," Barrie said. "If that's the case we can't stop them going anywhere."
 "The wine cellar," Janice snapped.
 "You know of it?" Lavina's eyes opened wide in surprise.
 "Of course." Janice stood and made her way to the back door. "Come on. I'll show you."
 Everyone except for Barrie, who said he'd try to hold up the police when they came, dashed after Janice, across the back drive and into the implement shed. There, she led them directly to a small storeroom at the end and pointed to a full sized cupboard built out from the far wall.
 "That cupboard has a false back." She opened the door, handed out the couple of brooms inside and felt around in the semi darkness.
 "Quick!" Steve said from behind. "The police car's in the drive."
 Janice's hands ran down the right side of the opening. "There's a small catch somewhere." She peered into the space. "Here it is!" 
There was a scraping sound of metal as she moved a latch with her fingers. She pushed on the wall and it pivoted to reveal a small spiral staircase shining in the light of an electric bulb that had automatically switched on below.
 "Great!" Steve said. "Both of you go inside. Cathy, stroll out across the yard as if you've just come back from feeding the animals or something. Don't say a word though." 
 "Okay. See you later Mum, Janice," Cathy kissed her mother and slipped away.
 "There's an inside latch so we can't be locked in,"' Janice whispered while squeezing through the narrow gap.
 Lavina gave her fiancé a quick kiss, squeezed his hand for a second and followed Janice downstairs.
*
Steve watched Lavina's head disappear then pulled the wall back until it clicked into place, tossed the brooms back in and followed Cathy across the yard to where four police were talking to Barrie.
 "I told the police Lavina and Janice weren't here," Barrie explained. His eyes relaxed when he noticed Steve's slightly raised eyebrows to indicate where the women were hidden.
 "That's right," Steve added casually. "They went to town over an hour ago."
Pat Stein held out a document. "I just explained to Mr. Dey that we have a court search warrant, Mr. Garnet. We have reason to believe there is stolen property on these premises. Please stand aside and let our officers do their work."
 "What?" Steve said. He couldn't conceal the surprise in his voice.
 "We would have liked to speak to your fiancé and Miss Ludlow but will catch up to them another time. There are new developments in our investigation into Grant Ryland's death." He gave a twisted grin. "Perhaps we were a little enthusiastic in our interviews yesterday."
 "There are?" Steve's surprise turned to relief. "And what are they?"
 Stein scowled at Steve for a moment. "It's unsubstantiated and confidential, but we believe Mrs. Ryland's late husband was involved in criminal activities and this may have been the motivation behind his death."
 "So Lavina and Janice aren't suspects any more?" Barrie asked.
 "We still need to speak to them, but we've reconsidered our suspect list. Let's just say they're witnesses rather than suspects at the moment."
 "Thank God!" Barrie broke into a crinkly grin and caught Steve's elated expression.
 Stein gave a curt nod, turned and signalled to the other police. "Search the house and outbuildings first," he directed as a second police car drove into the yard and four more police officers stepped out.
 "Come on," Steve said to Barrie and Cathy. "Let's go and finish breakfast."
*

CHAPTER 16
Lavina glanced around the cellar. The narrow room felt cold and was impregnated with a musty smell. It did appear to be dry and in good condition. The entire centre consisted of ceiling height dark stained shelves divided into diamond cubicles, each one a wine bottle size. Except for half a dozen old bottles at one end, they were empty and covered in dusty spider webs. On each side, there was room for a person to walk. At the end of the cellar was a small work area in front of a bench built across the end. Under this were shelves spaced about forty centimetres apart. Old cardboard, paper and junk were cluttered into these. Three naked light bulbs dangled from the ceiling on brown cloth cords of 1930s vintage while along the top of the left wall was a rusty wire grid.
 She held her hand up to it and felt a faint puff of air. "At least we won't suffocate," she said. "They must lead out under the foundation of the storeroom. I never really thought about why it had a wooden floor before."
 Janice coughed in the dusty air and shivered. "We're being foolish, aren't we, Lavina? If the police want to take me in, all they have to do is wait. I can't hide forever."
Lavina sat on an old wooden stool placed in front of the bench. "At least we can get a lawyer to help us. Do you have a lawyer?"
 Janice shook her head. "I've never needed one."
 "Well, we'll put you in touch with Simon Aikin. He's excellent."
 Janice nodded and sat on the remaining stool. They were silent for a few moments before the younger woman turned her white face up. "Grant was involved in something, you know and he did have cargo on the Cessna that day I flew back from Auckland with him. There were several small wooden boxes like those old-fashioned cigar boxes. That's how I found out about this room. When we arrived back Grant taxied the plane into the shed and carried the boxes in here." She shivered. "I just sort of followed him and watched as he unlatched that hidden door. It intrigued me because it reminded me of those books I read as a kid." She gave a twitch of a grin. "You know, the old castles in England with secret corridors and hidden treasure."
 "Yes, I read those, too," Lavina said.
 "Grant said something about looking after a friend's belongings and told me not to tell anybody about this cellar. We went upstairs and that was that. I remember I was in a hurry to leave, as you were due home." She glanced around. "The boxes have gone now. He had them piled on the bench."
 "Yeah, there's nothing much else here," Lavina said. She gave the paper in the second shelf down an absent minded tug and frowned, her attention now riveted to the shelf. The newspaper in her hand wasn't old and yellow. In fact, it looked only a few weeks old.
 "Something's wrapped in this paper," she said and pulled it out. "Here give me a hand. I believe we have one of your boxes, Janice."
 "No, they were smaller." Together they pulled out a long crate about a meter by half long but only fifteen centimetres thick.
 "Interesting," Lavina grunted as they lifted it to the bench top and pulled away the newspaper. The box was made of three-ply wood with reinforced corners. There was no lid.
 "I think the end is nailed on," Janice said. She glanced at Lavina. "We'd better not make any noise. The police are upstairs."
 Lavina nodded and ran her fingers around the container. "I'd reckon this holds a painting of some sort. The crate is well made and pretty strong.” She pulled on the end piece but it didn't move. "We'll need a jimmy or hammer to open it."
 "More of Grant's loot?" Janice said.
 "No doubt about it. This could be why the Cessna was sabotaged. Perhaps Grant got in over his head. Criminals can be pretty ruthless if they're double crossed."
 "And we could be in trouble, too." Janice shivered again. "I don't like it, Lavina."
 "Yes, but it could help clear our names. Think of it, Janice. We're suspected because of some jealous rage or revenge type killing. But if Grant was involved in a crime syndicate, it opens up a whole new scenario."
 "I hope so," Janice answered, "I never did it, Lavina. I have no idea how an aircraft engine works anyhow and wouldn't know how to vandalize the Cessna even if I wanted to."
 "I believe you. Always did. But if what if someone did sabotage the Cessna that Saturday or Sunday we were stranded in the ranges. Think back. Can you remember seeing anything out of the ordinary?"
 "I was so nervous about telling Grant I was pregnant I barely noticed anything," Janice said. "It was a pretty stressful time."
 "I know." Lavina patted her hand. "Anyhow, it's not our job. We'll let the police deal with it."
 "Shall we go up?"
 "No. We'll do everything through our lawyer." She tapped the crate. "This might only hold old junk. Anyhow, let's wait and see what happens."
 Janice nodded. "Thanks Lavina." Her face was still white and her hands shook. "You seem so level headed and in control of yourself while I'm just a bundle of nerves."
 "I'm not really but I certainly feel better now than I did yesterday." Lavina grinned. "You gave us such a fright. Poor Barrie was frantic after we found your car and you were still missing."
 "Was he?" Janice broke into a smile.
 "Yes." Lavina chuckled and reached out to grip Janice's cold hands. "And we'll come through this okay, I'm sure."
 "I hope so." Janice sighed and glanced at the ceiling. "I wonder if the cops have finished yet?"
 *
The police were thorough but careful. Everything opened or removed was put back in place, so by the time the house was searched it looked neater than when they started. The outbuildings were examined, but nothing was found. The police walked over the farm, searched the school, which had been included in the warrant, and discovered Janice's wrecked car in the gully.
 "Your friend didn't get far," Pat Stein said. "I hope she wasn't injured."
 "Just cuts and bruises," Barrie said. "That was one reason they went to town early...so Janice could get a medical check up."
 The detective studied Barrie for a moment but said nothing. Barrie flushed, suspecting that Stein knew he was lying.
 *
"Okay," Stein said an hour later as the party assembled back behind the house. "If you come across anything, please report it no matter how trivial it seems." He fixed his eyes on Steve. "I believe we're dealing with a criminal gang that has no scruples. Don't try to be heroic. And if any strangers appear, call us."
 The men shook hands while Cathy stood back and glowered. Pat Stein turned to the teenager and grinned. "Your mum and Miss Ludlow certainly have a good hiding place, Cathy. I hope they aren't too cold after waiting around all this time. Up in the old canyon, are they?"
 "They're probably having lunch at Ashley Grove," Cathy said in a sweet voice. "Why don't you call in when you get back to town?"
 Stein turned to Steve, "Great kid," he chuckled. "She should join the police force in a few years. We need that kind of loyalty."
 "No thanks," Cathy snapped. "I want a job that helps people"
 Stein grinned and climbed into the car Janet Frankton was driving.
*
A few moments later everyone was in the storeroom above the cellar watching as Barrie levered off the end of the thin crate.
 "Oh my God!" Lavina exclaimed as Steve slid a painting out and blew the dust from the surface.
 The oil painting was very old with the oil darkened by the years. It showed plump half undressed women with mystical creatures staring down at them. Cathy screwed her nose up in disgust.
 "Cripes!" Janice gasped, "Do you know what this is?"
 "Some famous artist," Steve replied. "It must be hundreds of years old."
 "About three hundred." Janice's eyes were like saucers. "I'm sure it's a Rubens painting and probably worth millions." She stared at the others. "There was one stolen from the Metropolitan Art Gallery in Auckland. Remember?"
 "Vaguely," Lavina said. "Wasn't that about the time we were rescued?"
 "Yes," Janice said. "Your rescue and this robbery were the main news items that week. No wonder the police were thorough."
 Barrie was impressed by Janice's excitement. "You know about art?"
 She shrugged. "A little. I did one art appreciation paper in my first year at varsity. If this is the painting stolen from the Metropolitan Art Gallery it's steeped in controversy."
 "How?" Lavina asked.
 "It was looted by the Nazis from Belgium during the war and taken to Germany. Then it was stolen by the Soviet troops when they hit Berlin in 1945. After that it disappeared and turned up in our country in the 1950s. A Latvian refugee who was in the Soviet Army apparently brought it with him and sold it for a paltry amount to an art collector who promptly resold it to the Metropolitan Art Gallery where it's been for over forty years."
 "So why are art thieves interested in it after all this time?" Steve asked.
 "It was in the news a year or so back," Janice said. The Belgians are claiming it was stolen from them and they want it back. I think the Metropolitan Art Gallery was about to return it to them. Some art galleries and private collectors will pay huge sums for a painting like this and don't care how it is procured. There's an international crime syndicate that specializes in stolen masterpieces." She grinned. "Grant might have unwittingly hit the big time, Lavina."
 "Yeah and more than likely that's what killed him," Lavina said.
 "So what do we do with it?" Barrie asked.
 "Put it back in the cellar," Steve said. "It's the safest place we've got. If the police didn't find the cellar, nobody will. Just make the cupboard appear unused. Toss a bit of dirty junk and paint tins in the front. Also, when the back door is shut, make sure any cracks are covered in dirt and grime."
 "Then what?" Lavina asked.
 "We go and talk to Simon Aikin. We do everything through him. I don't trust Detective Stein one bit."
 "And I say we do it straight away before this all gets out of hand," Lavina added.
 She glanced around but nobody disagreed. Even Cathy had a solemn expression as Steve placed the Rubens back in the frame. Barrie re-nailed the crate and they placed it back in the wine cellar.
 *
Simon Aikin smiled at the detective sitting across the room. He reached for a pile of documents, peeled off the top four and tossed them across the desk.
 "That's it, Pat," he said. "The sworn affidavits of Lavina Ryland, Steve Garnet, Janice Ludlow and the daughter, Cathy Ryland, on the events over the weekend the Cessna crashed killing Grant Ryland."
 He glanced at the sergeant and held another document. "This one will be held on file."
 "What's that?" Stein asked.
 "Two official complaints from Lavina and Janice about police harassment. They claim proper procedures weren't followed when you interviewed them. I believe they're also considering a complaint about the search through their personal property on the farm."
 He waited as Stein read the contents. "You've been busy haven't you, Simon?"
 The lawyer nodded and continued, "In exchange of an agreement to accept these affidavits and refrain from subjecting them to any further interviews, the two young woman we're discussing are prepared to give you information that could be advantageous to another inquiry in which you're participating."
 "Oh come off it," Pat said. "What do they know?"
 "Do you agree not to harass them again?" Simon was enjoying himself. It wasn't often he had this conscientious but ruthless detective almost grovelling in his office.
 "We're building a case against Janice Ludlow." Stein scowled and stabbed a finger at the lawyer. "That is confidential, Simon."
 "For sure," Simon replied. "But no heavy handed stuff. Everything will be done above board. Agreed?"
 "Okay, I agree. What have you got?"
 "The stolen Rubens," Aikin replied softly.
 "What!" Pat gasped and grabbed the arms of his chair, half lurching himself up. "Where?"
 "They have it on the farm and are prepared to hand it over to the police"
 "Shit!” Stein replied. "We searched the place over and found nothing. Where was it?"
 "They didn't say," Simon said, grinning. "Is that worth putting the other case on the back burner for a while?"
*
Whereas district farmers would notice a police or military helicopter, the giant one that landed behind the farmhouse on Upper Forks Road had been hired from a local agricultural company and didn't look out of place in the district.
 The four police officers and two civilians were met by the farm's inhabitants and escorted into the implement shed where Stein introduced Doctor Andre Van den Waardt, curator of the Metropolitan Art Gallery and his assistant, an austere plump woman in her late forties.
 "There it is ladies and gentleman," Lavina stated in a serious voice and pointed to the crate sitting on a bench. The end was already open so the end of the painting's frame could be seen inside.
 The two curators could barely cover their excitement as they slid the painting out to expose the Rubens landscape.
 "It looks genuine," Van den Waardt stated, "However, I'll need to examine it."
 He held it as if he was carrying eggs and strolled over to a brighter area by the door. He placed it on another bench, produced a magnifying glass and examined the corners. For several moments, he muttered and discussed items with his assistant before glancing up and smiling.
 "It's genuine," he stated in a quiet voice. "In perfect condition, too." His eyes swept the small group around him. "Thank you all for your efforts. We thought we'd never see it in this country again."
"Could we have a word inside, please?" Stein's boss, Inspector Harold Matthews said. After they were seated in the sitting room he continued. "What I am about to ask you has a degree of danger but you will be protected in every way possible," he began 
 "Go on, inspector." Steve glanced at Lavina who nodded but couldn't hide an apprehensive scowl.
 "We want to catch the people responsible for this theft, Mrs. Ryland. We know your late husband was just a small time participant in the robbery. We guess he was paid to store the painting here for a few months and afterwards deliver it to a smuggler after all the searches had been down scaled."
 "So that's what the farm search was for?" Barrie asked.
 "Yes. We believe Ryland tried to hold the painting for ransom, perhaps to get a larger cut, and he was killed in a revenge type killing."
 "But why would they do that if Grant still had the painting hidden?" Lavina asked. "Surely they would have got it back before murdering him."
 "You're perceptive, Mrs. Ryland. That's what we don't understand ourselves. These crime syndicates often have their own strict code of behaviour. Perhaps your husband broke it and, in the syndicate's mind, deserved to be punished."
 "What do you want us to do?" Steve asked.
 "We have a copy of the Rubens in the helicopter," Matthews said. "You or I couldn't tell the difference between it and the genuine product. We want to substitute this for the real one and leave it on the farm."
 "I don't want my family or friends put in any danger, Inspector," Lavina said. "We've had more than our fair share of excitement lately."
 "Fair enough," Matthews said. "We plan to have undercover agents on the farm all the time. One can be employed as a worker to help Barrie out while the others will maintain constant watch over the farm. They'll be disguised as hunters, trampers etc., and will discreetly come and go so neighbours won't notice anything out of the ordinary. We'll also be setting up electronic communications and tracking devices to cover the farm. The fake painting also contains a tracking device."
 "And what do you expect to achieve, Inspector?" Janice asked.
 "We want them to steal the painting back so we can follow it and catch the big minds behind the theft, not just the small local hoods doing the bit pieces."
 "Like my late husband."
 "Exactly, Mrs. Ryland. The biggest risk will be by Mr. Dey who will be on the property all the time but we will also be providing protection for everyone else during the operation." He stopped and waited for his words to be digested. "This is our chance to catch an international syndicate but we need your cooperation for it to work."
 "Can we have more details on the level of risk and protection to be provided before we make a decision?" Lavina asked.
 "Sergeant Stein will go through everything with you," Inspector Matthews replied. 
He sat back while the sergeant stood and gave a detailed description of the operation.
 "They sound a ruthless organization, Inspector," Lavina said. "What's the alternative if we don't wish to participate?"
 "It will go ahead regardless," Matthews replied, "We'll place the fake Rubens at a different site and leak information about its whereabouts. However, that is more likely to be seen as a set up. Unfortunately, because of your late husband's involvement, even if you don't help us, there is no guarantee your family or yourself will be free of danger."
 "No I guess not," Lavina whispered. She caught Steve's eyes and sighed. "I really see no alternative then. If everyone agrees we'll help you."
 "We want the best of protection," Steve insisted.
 "Especially for Barrie," Janice added. "He's the one who'll be confronted first."
*

CHAPTER 17
"Stop fussing, Mum." Cathy said from the bed at Westerfield Trust Hospital. "Nothing happens until tomorrow morning at ten. Go on home, I'll be fine."
 Lavina bent over and kissed her daughter on the cheek. She smiled at Steve, who was standing at the end of the bed. By opting for a private hospital, the waiting time for fitting the electronic toes to Cathy's foot had only taken three months. It was mid summer again and the school holidays.
 On the farm front, Barrie had been offered and accepted the position as permanent manager and Janice had moved in with him over the university holidays. The fake painting remained in the cellar and a state of limbo had descended over the situation as the police worker and extra patrols had come and gone without any developments. True to their word, both Lavina and Janice had been left alone and nothing more was heard about the sabotage of Grant Ryland's Cessna.
 One good point to come out of it was that the insurance company paid out in full for the aircraft's value. The proceeds were just about equal to the cost of Cathy's operation and new toes.
 Upper Forks Road Lodge was doing well. It was being hired out most weekends and occasionally during the week to interested parties, trampers or vacationers wanting a lazy couple of days in the back blocks. Janice had been appointed manager and custodian but Lavina, Cathy and Steve always drove up to help clean the old school between tenants. They were pleased with the majority of clients who cared for the property so well there was only regular maintenance to do.
 Now, the big excitement was Cathy and her operation. Dr Horstmann, the specialist, was excellent in that he explained everything without talking down to Cathy. He'd already shown her the toes and demonstrated how they worked. The main operation was to connect them to her body by drilling into the bones of her foot and inserting prongs. Afterwards, the implanted toes would be operated by a microprocessor wired to the three natural toes beside them. It was all high tech and very exciting for the family.
 "Mum, when I'm bridesmaid at your wedding, I'm not going to limp one little bit."
 Lavina felt tears gather in her eyes as she glanced back at Cathy's excited face. "That gives you about three months, sweetheart," she said.
 "You set a date! You didn't tell me."
 "Well," Steve laughed and tucked an arm around Lavina, "It depends on you. We promised to wait until you can walk properly and we'll keep that promise."
 "Then it'll only be a month." Cathy laughed. "I know it will."
 "Could be," Steve said, waving goodbye. "We'll be back about nine in the morning."
 Lavina gave her daughter one last affectionate look and walked out along the wide corridor.
 "I love you both," Cathy called back as she held up a little yellow instrument. "Thanks again for my own mobile phone!"
 "Remember, get permission before you use it in the hospital and not too many text messages," Lavina said.
 "She'll be fine," the charge nurse reassured them as they passed the nurse's station.
 "If she ever stops talking," Lavina said. "Steve reckons she'll blow the month's prepaid rental in two days."
 "Don't worry." The nurse laughed. "You wait until she's eighteen like my daughter."
*
 Steve and Lavina were driving home when the mobile phone rang. "Cathy, I bet." Lavina grinned and answered it.
 The voice however was a highly agitated Janice. "Lavina," she cried, "I've just arrived at the farm. The house has been wrecked and Barrie's gone!"
 "Wrecked?" Lavina frowned and repeated the sentence to Steve.
 "Everything's been stripped, drawers pulled out, clothes thrown everywhere, plates smashed. Even the television has been tipped over and the back ripped off it. I can't find Barrie," Janice's voice broke into a sob. "I'm scared, Lavina."
 "Give me the phone," Steve said.
 She nodded and handed it to him. "Are there any vehicles around, Janice?"
 "Only the two Land Rovers and my car. Nothing else."
 "Good. That means whoever did this has probably gone."
 "What about Barrie?" whimpered the distraught woman.
 "Look outside," Steve said. "You can normally see the kennels. Are the dogs tied up there?"
 There was brief silence before Janice's voice came back. "No. I can't see them."
 "That's a good sign and probably means Barrie has them with him. With two dogs anyone would think twice before attacking him." He glanced at Lavina and pressed mute. "Keep her talking, dear," he said. "I'm driving to the police station. It's closer than home."
 "It's me again." Lavina nodded at Steve and spoke in the mobile phone. "Have you phoned the police yet?"
 "No, only you. I'm scared, Lavina."
 "Have you turned any lights on yet, Janice?"
 "No, it's not quite dark yet."
 "Good, now go out to your car and drive towards town."
 "It's too far. Anyone could stop me."
 Lavina grimaced. Janice was obviously terrified. "Listen. Don't worry about the house or Barrie. He's got the dogs. Drive along to the school and park your car behind the swimming pool fence. It'll be out of sight from the road there. Lock yourself in the building but don't turn any lights on. Use the school phone to call us back. Go now. We'll call the police for you."
*
Though an old building, the farmhouse had been modernized throughout the years with walls removed and ceilings lowered. Janice stood in the open planned kitchen and sobbed quietly as she stared around. Immediately opposite her, the L-shaped sink and bench had every door opened. Pots, pans, baking utensils and other kitchenware lay strewn across the vinyl floor. The electric stove had been pulled out of the brick alcove that originally held an iron wood-burning model.
 The storage cupboard beyond that was emptied with flour, sugar and supplies everywhere. The couch was yanked to the middle of the room, tipped over and had the back material ripped off. Every book in the large corner bookshelf had been tossed to the floor and many of the larger books had covers ripped off.
 "Oh hell!" Janice sobbed and walked to the adjacent lounge. If anything, this was worse. The two couches and three chairs were slashed open and a massive china cabinet lay across the floor with broken crystal, wine glasses and ornaments everywhere. Everything of a larger size had been broken or cut open. The television and its cabinet were smashed and one curtain hung like a limp ghost on a bent runner.
 In spite of her fear, Janice walked through the rest of the house. Every room was totally looted with beds turned over and mattresses slashed open. One new wall that divided a large room into two had been kicked in and the framework exposed.
 It was twilight and the dull interior of the building sent shivers up her back. She let herself out the front door and walked around the lawn to her left. The hedge and trees seemed to have eyes and every sound, usually so friendly, had somehow turned ominous and frightening.
 Janice decided to head for the school as Lavina suggested. Her car was on the back drive across a wide concrete space. She found herself perspiring and her chest heaved as she gathered up enough courage to dash across to her car.
 She heard a new sound and stopped in her tracks. Whimpering. The dogs!
 She swung in the direction of the sound. A path led through a gap in the hedge to a small wooden gate. Beyond that was another drive that led to the woolshed. She wiped sweaty hands on her jeans, gulped saliva and stepped out onto the path.
 She ran to the building, so fast, she arrived gasping for breath with a hand gripped against a veranda support. She'd been heard. Loud barking and whining sounded behind the closed double doors in front of her and scratching noises rattled at its base.
 Janice slid the heavy latch back, pulled the door and was immediately surrounded by two barking, grovelling dogs who leaped at her with wagging tails and sloppy tongues licking her face.
"Whoa girls!" she gasped in relief as Bunt and Spotty tore around in circles with their noses on the ground before rushing up at her again. "Where's Barrie? Is he inside?"
 The dark interior seemed empty but Janice risked turning the lights on for a few seconds. As the area lit up she could see the place looked normal. An open wool bale stood in its iron frame and was half filled with woolly tails, recently cut off the farm lambs, while others were in a tidy pile on the floor as if Barrie was in the middle of sorting and counting them.
 "Barrie!" she called, but all was quiet. Janice went cold with fear. If the dogs were here, Barrie was alone. She turned to the animals.
 "Spotty, Bunt, find Barrie," she ordered. With their ears pitched forward, the dogs gazed at her for a moment before barking and running out of the wool shed. They ran directly back to the house, around the lawn, over to the implement shed and zigzagged back and forth, nose to the ground. Their search exhausted, the two dogs returned, sat in front of Janice and stared at her with their dark round eyes. Bunt gave a mournful woof and her tail hung limp as if she'd let her mistress down.
 "It's not your fault," Janice whispered. She felt a lump in her throat and that fear of being watched, once again shuddered through her mind. "Come on, girls," she said. "We'll take Barrie's Land Rover."
 The dogs woofed, ran to the vehicle, jumped in the open back and stared expectantly at her.
 "Okay." She smiled for the first time, swallowed her fear and made another dash back to the kitchen.
 She breathed out in relief and grabbed the keys from their usual spot on a hook above the telephone. Within seconds, the Land Rover, with the lights left off, headed towards the old school. Another frightening few moments passed as she had to open a farm gate but then it was only a short journey to park behind the tin swimming pool fence.
 "Come on, girls," Janice whispered, headed for the building and walked inside. "Thank God!" she gasped. In the twilight, everything seemed normal. The vandals had not been here.
 She rubbed both dogs' ears, locked the door and made her way to the corridor telephone and dialled Steve's mobile phone number. Lavina immediately answered.
 "I'm at the school," Janice gasped and burst into hysterical sobs.
*
"We're only a few kilometres away, Janice." Lavina pressed the mute button on her phone. "She sounds pretty scared."
 "We've got more trouble," Steve said. "I'm sure that vehicle back there is following us."
 Lavina stared at her fiancé then in her own rear view mirror. As they came to a straight stretch of road, she could see a modern car behind them. "How can you be sure?"
 "It appeared when we turned into Upper Forks Road. I have a feeling they were at the junction just waiting for us. I tried speeding up and afterwards slowing but it has maintained the same distance back. As you know, when you slow down on this road, the car behind usually comes up and passes."
 "What is it?" came Janice's voice on the mobile phone, Lavina shot a worried glance at Steve and spoke back into the phone. “Nothing," she lied. "Steve just got a bit of a fright when he took a corner too fast. I hear a dog. Have you got them with you?" She continued to talk softly as Steve entered a windy uphill section. Once they were over the summit, it was only two kilometres to the school.
 "We need to do something," Steve said. "But what?"
 "Keep going," Lavina suggested. "The road becomes a four wheel drive when we reach the pine forest beyond the native bush. I doubt if a car could make it through all the ruts caused by last winter. There's also that old logging road that circles back down to the other fork. We'll get through but I doubt if a car could."
Steve nodded. "What about Janice?"
Lavina pressed the mute button again. "I'll get her to wait at the gate. There's only a short straight after that big 'S' bend. If you speed up around these bends, I'm sure you can gain some distance on the car, enough to stop and then get her and the dogs."
 "Okay. Tell her to have all the lights off."
 Lavina relayed the information and glanced down the hill behind. It was dark now and she could see the car lights below. "City drivers, they're okay on a motor way but these back roads slow them," she muttered. "You're right, Steve. We've gained at least two bends on them."
 "Hang on." Steve slowed, engaged four-wheel-drive and let out the clutch. The heavy treaded tyres gripped the loose metal. The jeep growled but took the next tight bend with ease. When they reached the summit, Lavina reported the car was now about four or five minutes back.
 "Good." Steve changed down and swung the wheel around another tight bend. The whole rear of the jeep slid out before the tyres gripped and the engine propelled it forward. "How's Janice doing?"
 "Janice, get to the gate and hurry!" Lavina shouted into the mobile phone. She switched the phone off and glanced at Steve. "She'll be there"
 Steve saw her beside the road when they drove around the next bend. The jeep screeched to a stop with all four wheels sending stones flying, Lavina jumped out, ran around and opened the back door, the dogs jumped in while Janice scrambled through Lavina's door to the back seat. Lavina jumped back in and Steve accelerated away, just as the car appeared around the bend.
 "Steve!" Janice screamed as she stared out the back window. "I saw a red flash. They're firing at us."
 "Hang on!" Steve yelled and wobbled the steering wheel to send the robust vehicle right, left then right again.
 "That's it," Janice continued, her voice almost a squeal. "The car's lights are wobbling like hell. I'm sure they almost lost control. They've dropped back."
"Steve!" Lavina screamed.
 "I see it."
 Lights of a vehicle ahead suddenly switched on. A stationary vehicle was directly in front of them blocking the road just beyond the farm driveway. The enemy wanted them to turn towards home, but Steve had other ideas. The road was dark, the vehicle's headlights dazzled them on high beam but Steve knew there was a grass verge on the left before a small ditch and fence line. He headed straight for the lights.
 "The car behind is catching up!" Janice yelled.
 "The front one hasn't moved," Lavina reported.
 Steve braked so severely, the seat belts gripped all three passengers and almost propelled the dogs over on top of Janice.
 "Oh my God!" Janice screamed as the car behind almost rammed into their back bumper.
 But Steve wasn't on the road. He swung left, and the jeep's front wheels lifted off the ground while the motor screamed and they clunked down in a teeth-shattering shudder. The manoeuvre succeeded. Four spinning wheels gripped the grassy surface and the jeep swayed. Steve touched the accelerator, the jeep swung into the slide and moved forward.
 Lavina stared sideways and saw the vision of another car slide past Steve's window in a blur. He swung the steering wheel and the jeep bounced back over a rut onto the road again.
 "You did it!" Lavina shouted.
 Steve slowed, wiped a sweaty hand on his jacket and grinned at Lavina. "I'm glad we're in the jeep."
 "Nothing behind," Janice reported.
 "Yeah, we've gained a few minutes but they won't be giving up," Steve said.
 Janice turned and gripped the front seat. "That car must have been there when I drove to the old school."
 "Probably," Lavina said. "I guess they knew the other car was at the fork and if you'd kept going it would have stopped you. Going to the school worked. When we came along we must have totally confused them."
 Steve slowed. "I'm going to kill the lights. We wind uphill again soon. If they can't see us, it'll be to our advantage. Janice, tell us if you see any lights behind. Lavina, stick your head out the window and help guide me. It's pretty dark but I'm sure our eyes will adjust."
 He slowed again and everything went black, with a star-studded sky making a rectangle between the silhouettes of pine trees on each side.
 "Go right," Lavina said as Steve almost sideswiped a small bank.
 They climbed and the surface change from gravel to clay meant there was a smoother ride.
 "In winter no car could get through here but it's dry now," Steve muttered. "He manoeuvred the jeep around one bend after another.
 "Lights below!" Janice said. "At the bottom of the zigzag."
 "Thanks." Steve turned slightly towards Lavina. The whites of his eyes almost glowed in the dim light. "That fire break road is ahead at a 'Y' junction. If we're lucky and turn down it, that lot behind may keep to this road."
 "Good idea," Lavina said. "There's a whole network of forest roads all circling around the hillside. Some of them are pretty steep. I doubt if a car could make it."
 Moments later Lavina noted a gap in the black line of trees. "The junction," she said.
 "Fine. Can you see lights now, Janice?" Steve asked.
 "No, the trees are in the way."
 "Good." Steve turned the sidelights on, hoping that there would be no reflection but enough to see by.
 He was right. The clay road shone in the illumination and showed a definite spit in two with the road veering right and a narrower track to the left. Steve turned left and through massive clumps of spiky grass growing in from both sides in front of black pines a few meters back. Steve killed the lights again and they were in total darkness. He changed down to a crawler gear and edged the sturdy vehicle forward.
 Lavina gripped the handhold and turned to face Steve, " Cathy is expecting us at the hospital. We were going to go back to see her about now."
 "She'll understand," Steve comforted.
 "I'll get onto Pat Stein's special number first then phone Cathy," Lavina said, "
She reached for the mobile phone but her brow wrinkled into a scowl. "We're out of range. I can't get anybody."
*

CHAPTER 18
Cathy's mobile phone did run non-stop. She sent text messages to Donna, Ellie and other friends as the light outside the hospital window faded into darkness. After finishing her last text she frowned. She called home, but there was no reply. She rang Steve's mobile phone but received a voice reply stating the number was off line. Finally, she tried the old school, but it was all to no avail.
 "What's wrong, Cathy?" the nurse who'd just walked into her room, asked.
 "I can't get my mum on the mobile phone."
 "Perhaps she's on her way here right now."
 "Could be, but why is Steve's mobile phone turned off?"
 The nurse looked at her worried patient and took time to sit down and chat. Fifteen minutes passed before Cathy was alone again. Nobody had visited, so the teenager went through all the numbers again with the same result.
 “Oh Mum, where are you?" Cathy didn't know whether to be angry or worried.
 She bit on her lower lip and tried to become interested in the program on the television at the end of her bed. Finally, after a third attempt at all the numbers she pressed Memory 9, the special number given to them.
 "Constable Jane Frankton speaking,” the voice answered on the second ring.
 "Jane, it's Cathy Ryland. I'm worried. I can't get my mother on the phone." In small gasping sentences she explained everything that had happened.
 "You did the right thing, Cathy. Have you a number I can call back to?"
 "I'm at Westerfield Trust Hospital. I don't think they'll like the phone ringing."
 "Don't you worry about that," Jane replied. "I'll get some officers to try and contact your mum straight away. It's probably a little thing like a flat tyre in that jeep of yours and your mum is tucked behind a hill out of mobile phone range."
 "Could be. Thanks Jane." Cathy was still worried when she clicked off.
*
It was just before noon that day when Barrie glanced through the window of the woolshed. Two black cars that had slowed down and turned into the driveway. He frowned, tossed a handful of lamb tails into the wool bale, noted down the total and walked to the door.
"Stay here, girls," he told the two dogs resting a few meters away. "I won't be a moment."
 He slipped out a small side door, absentmindedly swung it shut behind him, ignored the wee clunk as the latch clicked and headed for the gate in the hedge.
 The scene looked ominous. Eight men fanned out from the cars to surround the house. Barrie retreated through the fence and ran along the woolshed side, around a bend and across to a second gate at the rear of the house section.
 Now, if he could get to the implement shed, there was the hunting rifle locked in the security cupboard inside. He reached down, felt the bunch of keys he always carried attached to his belt and grunted in satisfaction.
 Barrie had the rifle in his hands within seconds but the bolt and bullets were both in separate locked drawers. With an eye on the half opened front door he fumbled with the keys. Damn! Which one was it? The fourth key fit. He reached in for the oil-impregnated paper. Good, he had the bolt.
 Adrenalin rushed through his body. A man was walking towards the door. Cursing his own ultra-cautiousness with firearms he fumbled though the keys again. The second worked, he grabbed the cardboard box of cartridges inside.
 "There's one in the shed!" a voice yelled.
 Barrie slid left behind the old farm Land Rover and crawled around the edge of the vehicle.
 "Holy shit!" His whole body jumped in fright as a firearm discharged and the shed vibrated in an explosion. A bullet whined as it ricocheted off something behind him? A second shot shattered Land Rover's windscreen and covered him in slivers of glass. Barrie dived down and crawled beneath the vehicle.
 He could see suit legs and shiny black shoes against the light of the door.
 "Come on out!" a harsh voice said.
 Barrie had the full magazine clipped in his rifle. He slid the weapon forward, aimed between the two shoes and fired. The report rung in his ears and he grinned at the sound of an oath and saw the legs make a hasty retreat.
 But Barrie was not out of trouble. Within seconds, he knew the shed would be surrounded. He grimaced and stared around. The storeroom was at the opposite end of the shed beyond his own Land Rover.
 He slithered across behind the second vehicle and crouched, panting beside a tyre so he could see the door. A man stood there holding a revolver ready to fire.
 Barrie's heart thumped in his chest but his arm was steady as he reached forward and fired at the ground in front of the man. After the sound echoed away, he swung around and saw the door was empty. It was the moment to move!
 Without hesitation, he charged across the ten-meter gap.
 "Get the bastard!"
 The words were obliterated by another gunshot explosion as Barrie reached the storeroom, flung the door open and crashed through. He felt stinging pain in his left leg before he heard the explosion. In agony, he collapsed sideways when his leg ceased to function.
 "Winged the prick!" More words rang in his ears.
 "Be careful. He knows how to handle that rifle," a second voice growled.
 Barrie wiped away tears of pain. His leg was useless and jeans already sticky with blood. He fired at nothing in particular, yanked the door shut and, crawled towards the cellar cupboard door.
 With super human fortitude, he opened it and had the forethought to only remove enough of the paint tins inside to leave room to crawl past. He placed three tins in a neat pile on the floor and heaved himself into the cupboard. Everything became black as the light was shut out and claustrophobic silence filled the dusty air.
 Barrie felt forward for the latch of the interior door. Bugger! His hand brushed a paint tin and the noise sounded like thunder.
 He stopped dead still and listened. But everything continued to remain silent. Barrie twisted himself back and reached for the hidden latch. Yes, it was there!
 He held his breath, opened the door and sighed in relief when the interior light flooded the area below.
He managed to drag himself downstairs and along past the wine shelves to the end space. He grabbed a penknife from his pocket, reached down and sliced open the leg of his jeans. The calf muscle of this lower leg was a mass of blood. With a low moan, he lowered himself to the floor with his back against the bench, ripped his shirt and used the material to wrap around the wound. However, his vision began to cloud, the room turned blotchy purple and his stomach heaved as aftershock gained control.
 He gasped, used the adjacent chair to help himself stagger onto his good leg, stretched forward and pulled the old fashioned light cord to plunge the cellar into darkness. Satisfied, he let himself collapse to the floor and remembered no more.
*
 The track ruts had been gouged out by earlier spring rain and were now three quarters of a meter deep by half that wide so the only way to prevent the jeep from sinking to its axles was to keep on the humps. After driving at a walking pace for an hour the trio now had the vehicle's lights blazing. There was no possibility what-so-ever that the cars could make it where they'd been so their priority was to get to a high point where the mobile phone would work. After that their plans were uncertain.
 Lavina was concerned about how Cathy might be feeling at the moment. She'd persuaded a tired Steve to let her take over the driving and was quite an expert in manoeuvring the heavy vehicle through even the most severe sections. Steve, Janice and the dogs walked beside or ahead of the vehicle to help navigate the best route.
 Steve squatted down to see where the front wheels were. "Left," he shouted. "Keep her going." This was a particularly tough downhill section where the humps between the ruts were so narrow the left tyres were several centimetres over space.
 Lavina bit on her bottom lip in sheer concentration and moved the steering wheel in the direction asked, the wheels turned slowly and the jeep edged forward. However, there was a slight curve. The back swung out ever so slightly and the rear wheels hit a soft section and began to sink.
 "Steve!" screamed Janice. "The back!"
 Steve looked up and immediately saw the problem. "Speed up and just keep going!" he hollered. "We'll meet you at the bottom."
 Lavina nodded and pressed the accelerator. The motor growled. Just as the rear tyres sank, the forward momentum and the pull of the front wheels allowed the jeep to grip. Dried clumps of soil spun out and the whole frame quivered. With a clunk, the back chassis hit the ground. Lavina accelerated again and the four tyres finally found a solid base. The jeep tore forward leaving, Steve, Janice and the dogs behind.
 "She's going to do it!" screamed Janice.
 The jeep bounced. Clumps of dried mud spun out into the darkness but it moved forward at a speed that presented its own difficulty. Lavina was now going too fast.
 She realized to brake could cause a slide so she lifted her foot from the accelerator and allowed the motor to help while she gripped the steering wheel and hoped she could take the sharp right hand bend ahead. Once again, the jeep shook and bounced but Lavina felt the far side drop and corrected until the vehicle was on the flat heading straight for the bend.
 Now she braked and turned right, the rear swung out with the wheels skidding sideways on the hard ground. Lavina corrected but the edge of the track crumpled beneath the weight of the vehicle.
 With a screech of steel against dirt, the axle crunched onto the ground, toppling the jeep sideways. It quivered and crashed back down again on a forty-five degree angle. For a moment, four wheels spun. There was another violent shudder and the motor stalled.
 The dogs reached Lavina first, then a worried Steve who reached in through the driver's door to grab her shoulders.
 "I'm okay," she gasped and swished hair out of her eyes. She turned a pale face to Steve. "I've buggered it up now, haven't I?"
 "It wasn't your fault," Steve explained. "The whole side of the track collapsed under the weight of the jeep. You were well away from the edge."
 Lavina frowned as she unclipped her seatbelt and let Steve help her out. Perspiration rolled down her face. "I thought that if I stopped, the jeep would clunk down to its axles and we'd never get out." She glared angrily at the two inside wheels embedded in a massive hole. "And that's exactly what happened."
 Wrapping his arms around her in a massive bear hug, Steve kissed her cheek. "You're not hurt and that's all that matters. Nobody could have driven better than you did."
 "I'm still annoyed with myself," Lavina said. "If I'd slowed..."
 "We would have been stuck half way down that steep section," Janice said. "I thought you'd roll down that bank, for sure."
 "What do we do now?" Lavina asked.
 "We'll need the old Land Rover's winch," Steve said as he walked around and examined the jeep. "If we try to drive out we could end up sliding down the slope" He reached into the cab and retrieved a torch. "I keep it under the dashboard,” he explained before he reached back and turned off the vehicle's lights.
 “How far is it back to the farm?" Janice asked.
 Lavina screwed her nose up. "Four or five kilometres. We've been climbing most of the time so the trip back will be mainly downhill. These tracks go in circles so if we continue we should arrive back at Upper Forks Road again."
 "And the cars?" Janice shuddered.
 "I wouldn't worry too much,” Steve said. “If we turn the torch off and keep near the trees, their headlights will give them away before they see us." He shrugged. "They mightn't even be here now."
 "Don't count on it," Lavina said. "They're looking for us and they're armed."
 She opened the driver's door, reached in for their jackets and handed Janice hers. "Even though it's a summer night, it will become quite cool before we reach home."
 She stared one last time at the stranded jeep. "Bloody stupid thing to do," she said. "Come on. Let's go."
 The trio, followed by two dogs who welcomed the opportunity to run around, stepped out along the lonely track. On both sides pine trees towered above them but the ground beneath was smooth and dry.
 "As long as we stick to the middle of the track and avoid the ruts, the darkness shouldn't hinder us too much," Steve commented as he squeezed the hand that slipped into his.
 "It's a lovely night," murmured Lavina. "If it wasn't for those gangsters." She grinned in the darkness as she felt Janice grab her other hand and one of the dogs brush against her legs. In the distance, a night bird called out its plaintive cry.
 *
Pat Stein and Jane Frankton were the first off the helicopter that landed behind the farmhouse in evening twilight. They walked towards the house while six other armed police fanned out in every direction.
 "They did the place over, all right," Stein muttered as the pair walked through the house. "I doubt if it'll do much good but we'll get the fingerprint guys in."
 The police search was thorough and confirmed that two large sized cars had been in the drive recently and someone had been shot in the implement shed, the dogs had gone and there was no trace of Steve Garnet's jeep or any of the group. A quick radio message confirmed they were not at their known addresses in the city.
 "Blast!" Stein snarled and kicked at a piece of debris in frustration. "We pulled our people out too soon." He turned to a policeman standing nearby. "Get a sample of that blood on the ground, Constable. I want to know whose it is."
 "What about the painting?" Jane asked. "'Has it gone?"
 "That's a good point," Stein replied. "Last week after nobody took the bait, we decided to put it back in that cellar. We'll check."
 Moments later, they found Barrie lying in a pool of blood. His eyes flickered open as the light came on and he gave a weak smile of recognition. "You took your time getting here, sergeant," he spluttered. "I was beginning to think I'd have to walk out."
 Stein glanced at Jane. "Get a stretcher in here, constable," he snapped. "Let's get him to hospital.” After Jane left, he knelt down beside the wounded man and examined his wound. "Had a gun battle, I see, Barrie. You've lost a bit of blood there but it's mainly superficial. What happened?'
 Barrie grimaced. "Two car loads of them arrived, I was cut off and managed to hide in here. That's about it. I was in the woolshed by myself at the time. Well, I had the dogs with me..."
 "They've gone and so have Steve, Lavina and Janice, along with the jeep." Stein interrupted, "Can you shed any light on what happened to them?"
 Barrie frowned. "I never saw them. All this happened about noon. I guess I passed out."
 The stretcher party and another policeman arrived. He went straight to Stein. "Could you come to the road, sergeant? There are some interesting marks there."
 "Right," Pat replied and glanced back at Barrie. "We'll get you to hospital, lad and contact you as soon as any information comes through."
Moments later he was at the gate where two powerful lights lit up tyre marks gouged through the roadside grass. "Those are the jeep's tracks and are quite recent, sergeant," a policeman reported. "Why would he skid all over the grass?"
 Stein frowned and walked along the road. "Here!" he snapped. "Look at these gravel marks. One of those cars was sitting in the middle of the road. I'd say they tried to stop the jeep and the driver cut through the inside, bounced back onto the road and headed up into the pine forest."
 He clicked on his radio. "I want more people up to Upper Forks Road," he ordered. "There are only two access routes into this valley. I want them sealed off.  Nobody is to be allowed in, even locals." He turned as Jane stepped in beside him. "If they're in the jeep on those pine forest tracks the cars will have trouble following them," 
 "The painting's still in the cellar," Jane said.
 Stein stared at her. "I have a feeling these are the big bosses we've been trying to nab. I only hope we're in time and they haven't left the district."
*

CHAPTER 19
By ten, Cathy had given up any chance of sleeping. She dropped the two tiny red pills the nurse left for her into a bowl of flowers and gazed around. Her room was dark but the corridor outside was lit.
 "Damn!" She rolled over for the umpteenth time, pinched her lips and made a decision.
 Within seconds she'd changed into her clothes, bunched up her blankets in a crude attempt to make it look as if she was in bed, and slipped into the corridor. All was quiet. The nursing station and main door were on her left, so she went right. Three quarters of the way along was a green exit sign that Cathy turned into. It led to side stairs. Moments later she was at an emergency door with push bars to open.
 If the door was alarmed she would be caught but she decided to risk it and pushed the bar down. The door opened outwards to reveal a small walkway between the buildings. A light lit the area up.
 "Good," she whispered to herself and stepped forward.
 The well-lit front of the hospital was silent. Vehicles cluttered around the parking area but nobody was in sight. It was only at that point that Cathy began to regret her actions. She shivered, more in apprehension than because of the temperature. She considered just walking back inside but decided to have one more glance around.
 There was a taxi parked by the main doors. She gulped and walked over to it. "Can you give me a ride home?" she asked the bored driver.
 "Sure, miss," he replied, folding his newspaper. "Been visiting, have you?"
 Cathy was about to think of some excuse for being there but realized the man wasn't really interested so she just muttered something under her breath and climbed in the back.
 Home at 23 Ashley Grove seemed strangely different. The floodlights came on as the driver swung in but everything else was in darkness. She paid her fare and let herself inside.
 The place was empty.
 Cathy walked through to the double garage. The jeep was gone but her mother's car sat in its usual spot. A wicked gleam came into the youngster's eyes. She'd driven the old Land Rover on the farm for months now; it was completely illegal but this was an emergency. She'd drive herself out to the farm.
 After methodically locking everything up and, with her pulse racing she sat behind the driver's seat and glanced at the controls. This was an automatic so would be easier to drive than the Land Rover with its clunky gears. She switched on the car lights and pressed the garage door remote and watched as it slid up on quiet rollers.
 So far, so good! She gripped the steering wheel and realized there was no key. Damn! Apprehensive of the darkness outside, Cathy walked back into the house, gathered the keys from their usual place and returned to the quiet garage.
 The car started easily. She backed out turned in the bay provided and used her remote to shut the garage door. The car responded far more easily than the Land Rover and Cathy became confident.
 Well sort of. She'd never driven in traffic before and there were three sets of traffic lights to get through before she reached the motorway. The first was green but the second red. Cathy braked too violently and almost stalled then jumped forward too quickly when the light turned green. However, she managed to reach the motorway without any major problem. Overhead streetlights lit the road and traffic was light. Cathy pressed the accelerator and the speedometer crept up to a hundred kilometres an hour, a hundred and ten. God she was going over the speed limit yet cars were zooming past. The motorway was easy to drive on but she realized the off ramp was coming up soon. She signalled, cut to the inside lane, and found herself on the narrow off ramp.
 Cathy forgot to brake and went clean though into a small dark side road. She swung the wheel; the car careered right across to the wrong side of the road, shuddered and returned to the correct side. Luckily, no other vehicle was close.
She cursed and regretted her decision to drive the car. But it was too late now. She was committed.
 The road was dark with no overhead lights. Cathy fumbled around, pressed the stick by the wheel and the lights switched to high beam. White lines with shiny cat's eyes made the driving easier but Cathy slowed. Cars roared past and one blared its horn.
 "Same to you buddy!" Cathy snarled and continued on.
 She reached The Lower Forks Road and the white lines disappeared. It was like driving into a tunnel. Soon, too, the bends began but Cathy was in luck. No cars appeared in either direction. It was as if she was alone in the world. Cathy estimated it would take about fifteen minutes to reach the farm, began to regain her confidence and went a little faster until she arrived at the gravel road.
 The car swerved and stones banged the floor. Cathy braked and screeched to a stop. The narrow road with tall grass blowing along the edges appeared scary, not the friendly road home she remembered. She bit on a fingernail and edged slowly ahead.
 Two bends later, she passed a side road. She knew the next turn off was Upper Forks Road.
 "My God!" she cried after she drove around the next bend. Upper Forks Road was lit up by blue and red flashing lights. A police car was parked across the turnoff. In a panic she pushed the accelerator and just kept going along Lower Forks Road. She saw a policeman gazing at her as she zoomed by and expected to hear a siren wailing any moment. Another bend appeared. She braked, swung too much but managed to get around. She drove on until she came to a small pull off area.
 "What do I do, now? Come on, girl. Think!"
 She remembered that Number Two Line Road cut across and joined Upper Forks Road just before the forest. It was hardly used anymore and, as far as she could remember, only had a woolshed half way along it.
 Cathy gritted her teeth, realized her sore foot was aching but this was no time to wimp out. She drove slowly on and, a kilometre later, turned into the side road where another shock met her. It was so narrow the car would hardly fit. She slowed, engaged low and proceeded at a speed so slow the car would jerk stop and start forward again. A cutting on the right glared in the headlights while, to the left the land dipped away into blackness.
 Ten nerve-racking minutes later, the thirteen year old was beyond the crest of the hill and winding down to the next valley. She could see the dark outline of the pine forest as she turned left. Ahead lay the long circular route through the forest, the patch of bush then home. Cathy glanced at the dashboard clock. It was after midnight. Her mum was going to growl hell out of her for leaving the hospital and taking the car. She was in deep trouble. She wiped a sweaty hand over her forehead, noticed the star-studded sky overhead for the first time and headed for the forest.
 *
Accompanied by the two dogs, Janice walked back along the dark road with only the silhouetted pine trees to guide her. She stumbled on a rut, just stopped herself falling to her knees and continued on until she saw something in the starlight ahead.
 "Steve, Lavina," she said. "A car's coming."
 "Back into the trees," Steve said. "Go in beyond at least three trees before you stop."
 They'd been walking along Upper Forks Road for almost an hour and Janice had volunteered to go a bend ahead with the dogs. Her precaution had paid off.
*
 It was pitch dark under the trees so only by using their arms; the three could make their way forward. Soft pine needles accompanied by the unique smell of pine trees made the brief journey almost pleasant as Lavina, with her hand in Steve's, edged forward through a gap between two trees and continued further until they found a small embankment to crouch behind. She called the dogs in and held Bunt's collar while Steve did the same with Spotty.
 "Quiet, girls," Lavina whispered and strained her ears for the sound of incoming vehicles.
 "They're coming back," Steve whispered.
 A blaze of lights shone as two vehicles appeared. They were travelling slowly and Bunt growled softly. Then Lavina saw why. Several people were walking beside the cars and torchlight beams danced through the trees.
 "Get down and look away," Steve said.
 Lavina saw Janice's terrified eyes a meter away.
 "Come on out!" a voice so close it made Lavina jump echoed through the forest. But she gripped her dog and stayed still. Any movement now could mean instant discovery.
 Light swung across where they had been mere seconds before, stopped and slowly swung back. Lavina found herself trembling. If they had left any footprints, surely they'd be seen.
 "Come on out!" the voice boomed again. "We found your jeep so know you're there."
 The next noise was so loud and terrifying Lavina could only hold her mouth to stop a scream. A shot was fired from somebody less than ten meters away. She could see the red flash and the resulting crack of the explosive rang in her ears. But she felt something reassuring. An arm, Steve's, hugged her close. No, two arms. Janice's trembling arm was also around her waist.
 The dogs crouched beside her, soundless with bristling hair. Lavina could tell they were on high alert, ready to attack, if ordered.
 The lights swung back with shadows of the trees flicking over them. Reflected light from the cars lit everything as bright as day. Four people walked by and a voice hissed. “I tell you, they'll be going the other way.”
 "We searched there," came an angry reply. "The only alternative is back up the track the jeep came down."
 "That's hardly likely. Why don't we just wait until morning?" The voices blended into the night and became incomprehensible and the two cars rolled forward until only the red taillights could be seen. The forest returned to darkness.
 The arms around squeezed and Lavina felt a small kiss brush her cheek. "Oh Steve," she whispered but a second later jumped in fright again. A second shot had been fired but this was around the bend.
Bunt growled and Lavina could feel the dog's trembling body. "We're safe, girl," she whispered. "The bad men have gone!"
 Without talking, they made their way back to the road and continued the journey away from the direction the enemy had taken.
 "You two stay here. I'll drop back in case they return," Steve said.
 "No," Lavina snapped. "We keep together now. We mustn't be too far from the edge of the forest. Then it's only a few hundred meters to Lower Forks Road. Once there, we can head to the neighbour's place."
 "Okay," Steve said. "Keep to the outside edge."
 They were winding downhill now with a small cliff on the inside and trees below but vision in both directions was blocked by bends. Gradually, courage replaced nervousness and the dogs appeared their normal tail wagging selves again. They reached a level section that disappeared into darkness ahead.
 Suddenly, Bunt began yelping and, followed by Spotty went charging ahead out of sight.
 "What the…" Steve grumbled. The sound the dogs had heard reached his ears. "Another car," he said. "Get into the trees."
 Everything was a blaze of lights again. A vehicle was in front coming straight towards them but was travelling in a strange wriggling motion.
 Lavina dived into a clump of grass and turned to stare back. She could hear the dogs barking but it was that joyful bark like when they were playing, not the bark of aggression. The car came up and flashed by; brakes were applied and it shuddered to a stop. Lavina rose to her feet and squinted through the contrasting darkness and light from the headlights. It couldn't be.
 But it was. It was her own car!
 The yelping dogs ran up to the stationary vehicle in excitement.
 A window wound down and a small voice called out. "Mum, Steve, are you there?"
 "Cathy!" Lavina screamed. She ran to the car flung open the driver's door and pulled her daughter into her arms.
 "I'm sorry, Mum," Cathy said. "I couldn't just stay in hospital not knowing what happened. I had to come and find you."
 "And you drove the car from town?" Steve's awed voice sounded as he tucked his arms around them both.
 "Yes...don't be mad at me." Cathy sobbed.
 "My God, Cathy, for rescuing us?" Lavina found tears in her own eyes. "How could we be mad?"
 "Slide over," Steve said with a grin. "I'll drive." He held the back door open, the dogs followed by Janice and Lavina tumbled in and Cathy scrambled across to the front passenger seat.
 "I saw the dogs," she explained to Lavina and Janice while Steve concentrated on the driving. "The dogs recognized the car. I was so relieved."
 Janice grinned. "The dogs knew you were coming well before we did."
 "And you drove right through the city and out here?" Lavina repeated. "You're only thirteen!"
 "But I've driven the Land Rover for ages," Cathy wiped her eyes and grinned.
 "But the hospital?" Lavina said.
 "When nobody answered my mobile phone calls and you didn't visit I knew something was wrong."
 "So all by yourself, you set out to rescue us?" Steve said, amazed.
 "Uh-huh."
 "I'm so proud of you, sweetheart," Lavina said.
 Between them the trio explained what happened and Cathy repeated her own hair-raising story.
 "The cops have a road block at the junction," Cathy concluded. "It mustn't be far away."
*
She was right. Three bends beyond the forest they saw the flashing lights and pulled to a stop. Jane Frankton stared at the carload of people with a mystified expression across her face. "Where have you all been?"
 "It's a long story," Steve said.
 "Have you found, Barrie?" Janice leaned forward and stared at the constable.
 "He's fine, Janice. A helicopter took him to the hospital."
 "Hospital!" Janice gasped. "What happened?"
 “He was hit in the leg by a bullet but he's not badly hurt. We found him hidden in that secret cellar of yours.”
 "We'll head for town then," Steve said. "It appears we have two hospitals to visit."
 "But we need to find out..." the constable protested.
 "The men you want are in the pine forest," Steve yelled back out his window. "If you've got a car at the other end they'll be trapped. Careful though, they're armed."
 "Wait!" Before the policewoman could do any more the car moved slowly forward around an orange cone in the middle of the road and headed for town.
 "Let them go," Pat Stein said from behind her.
 "But the car," Jane protested. "How'd it get out here? We know it was at their house in town."
 "The daughter drove it out," Stein said.
 "What! She's only thirteen!"
 "A resourceful family, constable." Stein's face cracked into a grin. "She even used Number Two Line to bypass our road blocks."
 "How do you know?" Jane asked.
 "We had 23 Ashley Grove under surveillance and one of our cars followed her most of the way."
 *
Five minutes after Stein's call, three helicopters landed at strategic spots around Upper Forks Road and more armed personnel were unloaded. One helicopter, now with Stein and Frankton aboard, rose into the air again and headed for the pine forest. The pilot adjusted a pair night glasses that magnified the available light so the dark view below became visible like an old black and white movie.
 "There are two cars below," he reported a few moments later. "They've pulled in under the trees and have switched their lights off. " He grinned. "I'd say they heard us coming."
 "Let's show them we mean business," Stein said.
 The helicopter swooped along the road just above tree level and hovered mere meters above the vehicles. A searchlight switched on and lit the area like day.
 "This is the police," a loudspeaker blared out. "All the occupants of the vehicles below will move to the middle of the road, crouch to your knees and place hands behind your head."
 A suited figure dashed out from the trees and raised an arm. Nothing was heard above the engine noise but the occupants saw a flash as a gun was fired.
 "Give them a burst, Trevor." Stein nodded to a helmeted officer strapped in by the open door.
 "Right, sergeant," Trevor gazed down the sights of his automatic weapon equipped with night vision apparatus similar to the pilot's and squeezed the trigger.
 The result was spectacular. Above the roar of explosives and the twang of spent cartridges shooting up, a line of bullets slashed across the road a meter in front of the gunman who dived off the road and disappeared beneath the trees.
 "That was a warning!" Stein growled into the loudspeaker. "In thirty seconds your vehicles will be targeted. Abandon them and move to the centre of the road." He clicked off and grinned when he put on his own night glasses.
 Eight figures could be seen moving with their hands out wide into the middle of the road just as a second police helicopter arrived and hovered on the other side of the cars. Four men were lowered to the ground and took up offensive positions.
 It was over within minutes with the car occupants handcuffed and seated in a circle on the gravel. The radio crackled into life. "It's a bit narrow for the copter to land, sergeant," said a voice. "We'll use the prisoner's vehicles to drive out to the other check point."
 "Right," Stein replied. He grinned at Jane. "I'll be interested in seeing who we managed to net, Constable."
 "Perhaps there's Ryland's murderer as well as the art thieves," she said.
 "Possibly, but I wouldn't place a bet on it."
 *
At seven a.m. Lavina escorted a nervous Cathy back into Westerfield Trust Hospital.
 "Hello Cathy," the morning charge nurse said when she approached them. "You've been quite naughty, you know."
 "I'm sorry nurse." Cathy stood gazing at the floor. She resented being talked to like a child.
 "She got homesick," Lavina explained, "We tucked her in bed at home. I did call in to explain."
 "Have you eaten anything?" The nurse fixed Cathy with a frown. The girl shook her head and the nurse broke into a smile. "No harm's been done, then. With the ten o'clock operation, you can't have a full tummy. Come on Cathy, back to your room."
 *

CHAPTER 20
Dr Horstmann looked as if he could have been an athlete in his younger days. Tall and slim with a mop of grey hair, his manner was relaxed and almost casual in front of Lavina, Steve and a nurse.
 "The big day, Cathy." He smiled and winked at Lavina who felt as nervous as her daughter. "You can cut the bandage off, Nurse."
 The nurse used scissors to slice away the bandages to reveal Cathy's new foot. Lavina bent forward and gasped. The new toes were so realistic it was almost impossible to tell they were synthetic. It was only a raised scar line and the colouring that gave them away as they appeared tanned compared with Cathy's white natural toes.
 The doctor bent forward and spent several moments examining his work. "How does it feel, Cathy?" he asked as he poked and prodded various parts of her foot.
 "A little sore but nothing too bad."
 "Good, now I want you to sit on the chair and place your foot on that mat." He indicated a small blue rubber mat placed in front of a kitchen type chair.
 The nurse gave Cathy a hand and she was soon sitting and gazing fascinated at her complete foot.
 "Oh Cathy, it's as if you never lost any toes." Lavina said, "
 "I like the toe nails," Steve commented.
 "Yes," Doctor Horstmann replied. "We know young ladies like long toe nails. The advantage of these is that they'll never need to be clipped." He turned to Cathy. "Now, I want you to leave your big toe on the mat and raise your other toes up."
 Cathy pursed her lips and bent forward to see her own efforts. The two natural toes rose and the artificial ones followed with the smallest one shifting only slightly.
 "They all moved," Cathy gasped.
 "Good," the doctor continued. "Now do the same thing with your other foot."
 Cathy did so and her natural toes moved in almost exactly the same way as the artificial ones.
 "The small toe doesn't move a great deal but helps all movement," Doctor Horstmann explained to Lavina and Steve, "We have programmed in movements but may need to fine-tune them. Now Cathy, stand up."
 Cathy gritted her teeth and stood up, fumbled and without thinking, stuck her new left foot forward. Lavina watched in horror and expected Cathy to tumble. But she didn't. The five toes worked in unison to reach out, Cathy's heel came off the ground for a second before sinking back but she was still standing.
 "Now take three steps towards the door," the doctor said.
 Cathy did. Once again all the toes worked together. There was hardly a limp. "It feels as if I have a block of wood there," Cathy said.
 "That's to be expected," Doctor Horstmann replied. "Your body took a while getting used to having missing toes, now it has to get used to having them back again. It's like someone getting used to wearing contact lenses. After a while, you won't even notice. Now walk back."
 With more confidence, Cathy stepped out and walked back to the chair. There was a limp but nothing compared with the one she had before the operation.
 Lavina turned to Steve. "I reckon we'd better book the church soon," she said, smiling. "We promised to wait until Cathy could walk into the church without a limp before we got married."
 "Aye, an incentive." the doctor smiled. "It'll take a little while to lose the limp. That's all for now, Cathy. We don't want to overdo it the first time. You can go home in three days."
 Cathy's eyes glowed. "Can I doctor? I was told it'd be a week."
 The doctor just smiled. "Don't expect everything to be perfect straight away. You'll find your foot will feel tender for ten days or so and will become quite sore if you use it too much. Your leg muscles will also ache. I'll prescribe a painkiller for you." He turned to Steve. "Book your wedding for the end of next month, Steve. By then she'll be will be able to wear new shoes down the aisle without a limp." He winked at Cathy. "If she does her physiotherapy exercises, of course."
 He chatted a while, gave some instructions to the nurses, shook hands with Lavina and Steve and left Cathy lying on the bed with her new foot sticking out the end of the blankets so she could see it.
 She wriggled her toes and watched as they all performed together. "Funny isn't it, Mum? I never even thought of my toes before the amputation and now I think of hardly anything else."
 "And the time will come when you won't need to think of your toes again, sweetheart," Lavina replied.
 *
 Like many police actions, the round up at Upper Forks Road hauled in mainly local petty criminals well known by Stein and six charges of theft, assault and illegal use of a firearm were handed out. Two of the suspects, though, proved more interesting. After having their history checked, Petra Roberts and Laurie Ellis were both charged with theft of the Rubens painting with further charges pending. The woman seemed to be the one behind the deal but was going to be hard to crack. Stein was still certain an international organization was involved but the case was now being handled back in Auckland.
 "That was quite a haul out at the farm Pat but now I want you to concentrate on the Ryland murder," Inspector Harold Matthews said as he sat in his office. "What suspects do you have?"
 "Since the ransacking of Ryland's farm, I've added Petra Roberts to the list. She's as hard as they come and is quite capable of a revenge killing." Stein took out a small green notebook, licked a finger and flicked through a couple of pages. "Lavina Ryland may still have been associated with the killing but I've really eliminated her from the suspect list so that leaves Janice Ludlow, the mistress." He frowned. "There is one other lead I am following, too."
 "I want a final all out effort on this Pat. It's been a while now so someone may get careless. Have you had any other reports from the examination of the crash?"
 Stein looked up. "Our boys found a small section of the engine cowling about a hundred meters from the wreck. It must have been blown away by the initial explosion or when the Cessna clipped the rock on its way down. It's being examined for prints."
 "Good," the inspector muttered. "That could provide the evidence we need."
 *
 "Where are we going, Steve?" Lavina frowned as the jeep, recently returned from the panel beaters, wound up a hilly road.
 "Patience, my dear." Steve grinned.
 Lavina smiled. After a busy three weeks, it was a beautiful Saturday afternoon; Cathy had gone out with friends so only the two of them were travelling along the country road. The jeep had only suffered some minor denting with no structural or mechanical damage at all. They'd helped Janice clean up the farm house, an odd jobs man had been employed to repair the kicked in wall and two couches had to be replaced. By the time Barrie had been discharged from hospital, the house and outbuildings were almost back to normal.
 After crossing another hill the jeep arrived at a broad plateau with rich farmland all around. The road was now a straight strip of seal heading towards distant ranges towering up across the whole horizon.
 "Almost there." Steve smiled and slowed down at a small settlement. Four closed stores hugged a small grass square opposite an ancient hotel, also closed and a couple of other commercial buildings. Steve turned left at an intersection, past a handful of houses and a half demolished dairy factory. Three cars were parked at odd spots around but not a soul appeared. The village was like a ghost town, empty and alone.
 "What a sad little place," Lavina commented. "Why are we here?"
 Steve smiled and pulled to the curb in front of a massive hedge. "Come on." He grinned and led Lavina through a gate.
 Behind the trees stood a wooden school building. Except for the size, it was identical to the Upper Forks Road School. Four classrooms stood in front of a cracked tennis court covered in weeds. A dozen sheep grazed around what was once a lawn while, in the corner of the grounds a child's swing sat, like the rest of the village, rusting and unwanted.
 "This was once a district high school." Steve reached out and placed an arm around Lavina.
 She was even more mystified as he produced a set of keys and opened the old school's door. The interior was identical to Upper Forks Road before they'd upgraded it, with a long corridor and doors to the right leading into the classrooms. Even the sinks and pegs along the wooden wall were the same. If anything, though, this building was in poorer condition with faded blue paint peeling off the walls and one broken window replaced by a sheet of iron.
 "Like it?" Steve asked.
 "Not really."
 "I bought it," Steve confessed. "It's ours."
 "What!" Lavina gazed at his intense eyes. "Okay, what's the catch? Tell me."
 Steve led her through to the tiny staff room and offered her an old chair to sit in. "My ridiculously low tender for the place was accepted," he said. "It cost even less than Upper Forks Road. I've sold the land to a local farmer for just under the price of my original tender."
 "And this building?"
 "A moving contractor is shifting it up to Upper Forks Road next week. It will fit on the football field."
 "But it's massive. Twice as big as our school."
 "They'll cut it in two to transport it. Imagine how big our lodge will be if we make this into dormitories. It could hold fifty or more bunks and could be hired out to schools for outdoor education trips. In fact, I already have a booking in four months time."
 " Who?"
 "Emerson Heights Middle School has booked three weeks. They intend bringing out six classes to stay, one after the other. It has to be ready by then." Steve frowned for the first time. "I may have bitten off more than I can chew, Lavina," he admitted.
 His initial enthusiasm, though, was infectious. Lavina broke into a broad smile and held his hands. "I think it is a marvellous idea," she whispered and kissed him tenderly. "Why didn't you tell me?"
 Steve shrugged. "After my tender was accepted I wanted to surprise you."
 "Well … you certainly did." Lavina laughed. She walked back into the long corridor and gazed around with renewed interest. "It's like two Upper Fork's Road Schools joined end to end, isn't it?"
 "Yes, I was told the old Education Board used the same design for about twenty years. Similar blocks in the city were replaced years ago but there are several still in use in country districts."
 "You know," Lavina said as she walked in one of the classrooms and gazed at the dusty interior; "I'd leave the corridor in this time. Each classroom could be a dormitory with perhaps one converted into an ablutions block," she bubbled out. "Even the old pegs could stay for the kids to hang their raincoats on and..."
 "I knew you'd be keen." Steve laughed.
 Arm in arm the pair examined their new acquisition. "There were over a hundred pupils here fifty years back," Steve said. "Children from five to sixteen years old all attended the same school. They closed the high school part thirty years ago and the whole school only the year before last. It had eleven pupils at the time."
 "Just like Upper Forks Road," sighed Lavina. "Country districts everywhere are losing population. It's tragic, really."
 "But we'll bring life back to the old building, won't we?" Steve grinned.
 "We will,” said Lavina.
 She walked out into the sunshine and imagined the pupils dashing around, playing on the swings, chasing balls and having fun. But times had moved on. Now, only the sheep enjoyed the breathtaking scenery of rolling farmland with the ranges behind.
 "I love the country," she sighed and followed Steve back to the jeep.
 *
 The driver of the twenty-six wheeled Mack tractor unit with half a school on its back, took time to wave at the three teenage girls swinging on the gate of Upper Forks Road Lodge. He was a gigantic fellow with arms like tree trunks and a black beard that matched the singlet he wore over his tanned skin. Twin exhausts belched diesel fumes into the air as the man manoeuvred his vehicle through the gap in the fence and along to the existing building. His skill as he swung the building around was undeniable but the two adults further back had their attention focused on the girls, rather than the building.
 "My God, Steve!" Lavina gasped. "Look at Cathy."
 Cathy, Donna and Ellie had left the gate and were running across in front of the main building so they could have a better view of the new addition being manipulated into place.
 "Yes, two teenage girls attracted by a muscular man with a beard," Steve observed.
 Lavina turned and glared at Steve. "But what's she doing?"
 "Running across the lawn. Why?"
 "Last night she was moaning she couldn't walk across the living room without limping. Did you see her limping just now?"
 "Nope." Steve laughed and winked at his fiancée. "Aye, Cathy," he yelled out above the roar of the diesel motor and held up the yellow mobile phone he'd been given to look after a few moments earlier. "Call for you!"
 Cathy glanced up, waved an acknowledgement and came rushing up. "Who is it Steve?" she panted, as she stood in front of him in a white tank top and yellow shorts.
 "There's no phone call but do you know what you've just done?" Steve grinned.
 Cathy put her hands on her lips and glowered. "You tricked me. Anyhow, what have I done?"
"Ran around half the paddock without a single limp." Steve laughed. "Your mum and I are so proud."
 Cathy's frown dissipated in an instant. She glanced down at her blue and white sneakers, back at the two adults and turned bright red.
 "The young lady who couldn't get across the room last night without a limp," Lavina added.
 "Wow." Cathy broke into a smile. "I haven't run in months."
 "But you did today, sweetheart," Lavina replied. She glanced across to Steve. "We'd better ring the vicar and book the church tonight." 
*
An hour later the second half of the building arrived and by four in the afternoon the four extra classrooms were sitting on twenty to thirty gigantic jacks ready to be lowered on precast concrete foundations the construction workers were digging into place.
 The old district high school sat at right angles to the original building to form a long 'T' with the new addition extending out over the old football field.
 "It's gigantic and just about reaches the back fence," Cathy said to her mother. "When I saw the second part arrive I didn't think they'd have room to get it in."
 "And our new home class will be the first one to come here," Donna added. "Old Candy Bar said that since the school has free rental, Cathy's class could go first."
 Lavina frowned at Steve, "You never told me you offered it to the school for free."
Steve laughed. "Good public relations and advertising. I've already had two other schools that have booked and five others have asked for our brochure."
 "Brochure?" Lavina raised her eyebrows. "What brochure?"
 "Well, I thought you could whip one up on the computer. Perhaps we'd better get a web site, too."
*
Three hours later the sun was still blazing and everyone was sitting at the picnic table outside the farmhouse when a tiny orange car roared in and screeched to a stop.
 Barrie stood up. "It's Janice...finally," he grumbled. "She said she'd be in town for a couple of hours. That was at one o'clock."
 He limped over to meet the young woman who came rushing out of her car without even bothering to close the driver's door. "Did you hear the news?" she gasped as her eyes flashed.
 "What news?" Barrie said. Janice was so excited it was obvious something important had happened.
 "The police. They stopped my car on the way out of the mall and asked me to go to the police station with them." She seemed more excited than upset.
 "Go on," Lavina said as everyone gathered around to hear the news.
 "Shit I was scared," Janice continued and gave a tiny laugh when she saw everyone's questioning glances. "But they only wanted to ask me a few questions. I was just going to say I wanted to ring Simon Aikin when Inspector Stein told me the news."
 "For heaven's sake, Janice, what news!" Lavina almost yelled.
 "Grant Ryland's murder's been solved," Janice paused so her words would sink in. "They've arrested his first wife, Nancy Morrow!"
*

CHAPTER 21
After dropping Steve at work and Cathy at Donna's place for the day, Lavina had just returned to 23 Ashley Grove when Pat Stein and Jane Frankton arrived.
 "We've come to ask a favour, Mrs. Ryland," Pat began.
 "How can I possibly help you, sergeant?"
 "It's in relation to your late husband's first wife."
 "I guessed that," Lavina said. "Come in. I was about to have a cup of coffee. Would you two like one?"
 "Thank you," Stein said and Jane smiled.
 "We have the evidence to make a conviction, Lavina," Stein said a few moments later over coffee in the sitting room. "But there are a few loose ends."
 Jane came straight to the point. "We want you to visit Nancy Morrow in the remand prison."
 "But why?" Lavina asked. "We can hardly be called friends."
 "We need to find out why, after all this time, she decided to kill Grant Ryland. Our investigations showed she had nothing to do with your late husband for years."
 "You're sure she did it?"
 Stein nodded. "We still suspected Janice Ludlow and found a small section of the Cessna's engine cowling that we tested for prints. We found some...Morrow's. We can prove she touched the Cessna that weekend but still don't know why."
 "Investigations show her present husband is having an affair," Jane continued. "Our theory is Nancy Morrow blamed her first husband for everything going wrong in her life."
 "But wouldn't the sight of me who, after all, stole her husband make her antagonistic towards me?"
 "That's what we want to find out," Stein said. "We had an observer at your husband's funeral and she seemed to be quite friendly towards you at that time. It was Janice Ludlow who was antagonistic. That's one reason we originally suspected Miss Ludlow."
 "Yes she was." Lavina grinned. "But we're close friends now."
 "Nancy Morrow knows that. We want to see her reaction to your presence," Stein continued. "She's quite unstable at the moment so there's no way we can tell how she'll react."
 "If she's friendly we want you to mention your husband trying to kill you and your daughter by dropping you at De Wolfe's Plateau," Jane added. "Lay it on thick and try to sympathize with her. Can you do that?"
 "I guess," Lavina said. "I don't like acting like a spy, though."
 "That will be all you have to do," Pat said. "The room will be bugged and there is also a secret camera."
 Lavina frowned. "Isn't that illegal?"
 "If we used it as evidence in the trial, probably yes," Stein said. "But we don't intend to do that. We really want to know what track we should head down to find motivation for the crime. Her reaction to you could actually help her defence so her attorney has agreed to this meeting taking place."
 "Really?"
 "Yes. Her defence lawyers will try to prove diminished responsibility or insanity."
 Lavina sighed. 
"The poor woman." She glanced at the two detectives. "Okay, I'll do it...but only once. If she refuses to speak to me, or nothing unusual happens, that's it. Agreed?"
 "Agreed," Stein said. "We can take you out there this afternoon if you're free."
 Lavina nodded. "Yes. It's best to get it over with," she sighed and glanced up. "I should be pleased, shouldn't I?"
 "Why?" Jane asked.
 "No doubt you still had Janice and me on your suspect list. Some sort of grand conspiracy we hatched up together, I think you originally said, sergeant."
 "That was one of our theories but was discarded early in the investigation." He looked her straight in the eyes. "Your affair with Steve Garnet didn't help, you know."
 "No, I guess not but nobody's perfect." Lavina sighed and stood up. "Not that I regret it for a moment."
 Jane glanced at Lavina's engagement ring. "When's the big day?"
 "Next month on the sixteenth.”
 *
The Knightsbridge Woman's Remand Prison was in a wing of the main prison but separated by a high fence. Lavina was led through a sterile corridor into a small room furnished with a table and two chairs. A guard opened a second door and Nancy Morrow, looking drawn and insignificant, almost as Lavina remembered her years before, entered. She glanced up at the visitor but showed no sign of welcome as she pulled out the chair opposite and sat down.
 "Are you here to gloat or are you curious to find out what happened to Grant?" For the first time her eyes flicked up, pausing on Lavina's for a second before staring back at the tabletop.
 "Neither," Lavina said. Somehow, the woman unnerved her and her first impulse was to get the visit over as quickly as possible. "I just thought you'd like some company."
 Nancy sighed and glanced at Lavina again. "Why? You never cared about me before."
 Lavina shuffled in her chair and gazed back. "Okay, I made a mistake in coming, Nancy. Sorry to have annoyed you." She stood up and stepped towards the door on her side of the room. She only had to knock and it would be opened.
 "No, sit down, Lavina." Nancy Morrow said. "What do you want to know?"
 Lavina swallowed and decided she might as well be frank. "The police stated the evidence against you is based on your fingerprints being found on the Cessna engine cowling. Considering you haven't come near us for years, I was curious."
 "And I suppose you heard Blake has been having an affair?" Lavina nodded and the woman continued. "I found out it's been going on for years, another young woman half his age." She glanced up again but this time her tired eyes held Lavina's. "You know what it's like, of course. You've been through it with Janice Ludlow."
 "Our marriage was on the rocks well before then. I only stayed around for Cathy's sake."
 "Whatever," the other woman replied and lapsed into silence.
 Lavina coughed and decided a question might help. "I suppose Blake's infidelity made you think back to Grant," she prompted and waited for a reply.
 Nancy's reaction was instant and unexpected. Her face contorted into a cross between torment and anger. "My God, you're naive, Lavina."
 "Excuse me?" Lavina retorted with anger replacing the compassion she originally felt.
 Morrow examined the room but if a television camera was around, it was hidden. There were four pale blue walls, two doors, white lights in the ceiling and the three pieces of furniture. No guards were present. "Repeat what I tell you and I deny every word," she hissed.
 Lavina gave a shrug and pretence of apathy as her late husband's first wife began her story.
 *
At forty-five, Nancy felt as if life was passing her by with little achieved and now she had learned Blake was having an affair with a woman at his office. In many ways, Blake's personality was similar to Grant's, big on talk and ideas, but little in actual substance. He was the owner of a moderately successful consultation business but liked to live highly and his income barely covered their lifestyle. Whether it was this that motivated her, the need for excitement or just being tired of watching the years pass with little to show for it, the woman didn't really know. Probably, it was the opportunity thrust upon her through an acquaintance in Europe and the offer of big money with no questions asked.
 Grant was constructing a new fence along the farm's road frontage when Nancy drove up in her Mercedes, pulled to the roadside and walked across to the tractor her ex-husband was using to drill the postholes.
 "Hello Grant," she said.
 The farmer stretched up from the post he had just lowered into the ground and wiped a dirty handkerchief over a sweaty brow. "Nancy," he replied with a slight smile. "Long time, no see. What brings you to Upper Forks Road?"
 "Business," Nancy replied. "Do you still fly the old Cessna?"
 "Yes," Grant replied. He reached up to the tractor and flicked the cut out switch. The diesel motor gave a couple more chugs before silence replaced its deep rumble. "I was about to stop for a cuppa. Like a bit of tea?" he added and nodded to a thermos sitting in the tool tray.
 "No thanks, but you go ahead. I'm in no hurry."
 Grant shrugged, unscrewed the top of the thermos and poured some hot dark liquid into the metal top that served as a mug. He pulled the lid off a plastic container, extracted two chocolate biscuits and handed Nancy one. "Lavina still looks after me," he said.
 "Yes, I guess. Not costing you too much, I hope."
 Grant glared. "Okay, you have my attention, Nancy," he said. "What are you really here for?"
 "I want a package flown down from Auckland and stored on the farm for a few months …"
 *
"So you organized the art theft?" Lavina gasped after Nancy finished her account of how she'd used Grant to fly the Rubens to the farm.
 "Why not?" the woman growled.
 "No reason," Lavina said. "What went wrong?"
 "The bastard got greedy," Nancy spat, her voice now ringing with emotion. "When I went to check on how everything had gone he refused to show me the painting and demanded twice the money I'd originally offered. I had some friends search the place one day when you were both away but we never found it."
 Lavina frowned and decided to risk adding her own information. After all, the real Rubens was back in secure hands. "It was in the wine cellar under the implement shed," she said. "Didn't you look there?"
 "What?" Nancy gasped. "The crafty old bugger."
"Surely you knew about the wine cellar?"
 "Yes, but in my day you entered it through a trapdoor in the house's main hallway. When we searched under the trap door, there was only a solid concrete slab underneath. We even tried to dig around it but the original stairway had totally collapsed and just filled with soil."
 Lavina suppressed a grin. "Grant must have made the new entrance and sealed off the old one when we did the extensions to the implement shed a few years back," she suggested." She frowned again. "So you were responsible for the recent wrecking of the house?"
 "Only indirectly," Nancy replied. "My business associates in Auckland were applying the pressure to get the painting back and I had to confess Grant had been killed without telling anyone where it was.”
 "We found it," Lavina said who once again decided to be proactive. "Janice knew about the wine cellar."
 "Oh shit!” Nancy stared at Lavina. "I don't think you want to hear the next bit.”
 “Why not?”
 *
"The painting is secure," Grant grumbled to an extremely irate Nancy. They were in the living room on the following Thursday, Lavina's day in town. "I found out it is worth millions so all I want, my dear ex-wife, is a little more compensation for looking after it for you."
 "How much?"
 "The same again," Grant said. "Forty thousand and it'll be delivered to any place you wish in the country."
 "You bastard!"
 "Lavina is getting quite expensive tastes, you know," Ryland said with a smirk. "Not to mention my new little friend."
 "Who obviously needs things you can't offer." Nancy's cold eyes glared into Grant's. She gave a sarcastic grin at his wrinkled eyebrows. "Your dear little wife isn't as innocent a you might think, Grant," she laughed.
 "What do you mean?" His voice turned hard.
 "Oh nothing." Nancy leaned back on the couch and acted innocent. "Well, I guess she's only doing what you do, liberal marriages and all that."
 "Explain!" Grant gritted his teeth. She could see his temper coming to the fore.
 "Why should I? The way you treat women I can hardly blame her."
 Grant stood took a step towards her and clenched a fist. His scowl darkened and Nancy knew his suppressed anger was about to explode. For a moment, fear ran through her and memories of distant beatings flooded into her mind. The man was violent she knew that. She was about to retreat when Ryland lashed out, caught her on the side of the face with an open slap and sent her reeling across the floor to land on scraped knees. Before she could recover, he stepped over and grabbed her by the hair, yanked her up to a crouching position and seized her throat.
 "You'd better be lying, you bitch," he whispered with his face so close to hers she could smell the alcohol on his breath.
 The hand began to tighten and Nancy could not even choke. Vision blurred but just before unconsciousness provided relief the pressure slackened. "Who is it?" he snarled.
 Nancy choked. Tears ran down her cheeks and she spluttered and gasped as her lungs refilled with air. "Steve Garnet. He's the one who's doing up the old school. She stays overnight with him every Thursday." She suppressed a smirk. "They could be together, right now."
 Grant flung her aside like a rag doll and stood up. His jaw twitched in anger and his massive hands contracted into clenched fists. For a second she though he was going to punch out at her but the man's anger was directed elsewhere.
 "Nobody is unfaithful to me," he whispered and hardly noticed as Nancy crawled back out of his way, wiped a shaking hand over her bruised neck and staggered to her feet. "I'll give you a week to think about my offer." His eyes bore into her beneath terrifying brows. "You bloody women are all the same." He took a step towards the cowering visitor but hesitated. A dark smile cracked over his lips. "Just go!" he muttered. "I'll deal with my wife and her fancy man."
*
 "That was when I decided to kill him," Nancy whispered with her voice so low her visitor hardly heard. "I actually felt sorry for you."
 "Thanks," muttered a pale Lavina. "So you told him about me and felt sorry for me all in the course of a couple of minutes."
 "I was annoyed," Nancy retorted. "I knew he was the only one who piloted the Cessna and decided what to do." She grimaced. "I used to help him with the basic maintenance years back so knew a bit about how the mechanics worked. Unfortunately, by the time I arrived the following Saturday afternoon the Cessna had gone. I didn't think it was prudent to hang around, even though I used a rental car that wouldn't be recognized by the locals. So I returned late on Sunday night. The place was in darkness and within fifteen minutes I'd loosened the fuel pipe." She sucked on her lips. “My plan worked perfectly…" She glanced up. "Well almost."
 "Oh my God!" Lavina gasped. "So you were responsible for everything?"
 "Yes," Nancy smiled but her eyes still appeared cold, "That mousy little woman who wouldn't harm a fly. I did you a favour, didn't I? The chances are the bastard would have killed you when you walked out of the bush if he'd been alive."
 Lavina just stared, her face ashen. "There were other ways," she whispered.
 "Sure," Nancy Morrow replied. "They think I'm crazy, you know. The shrinks are testing me for every syndrome in the book, battered wife's syndrome, lapsed memory syndrome and so forth. I just go along with them all.  It doesn't matter any more."
 "But why?"
 Suddenly Nancy's face cracked and her eyes brimmed with tears. "I thought Blake was everything I could ask for," she replied. "When I found out he was no better than Grant I planned the Rubens theft. I was about to just walk out of the country to live happily ever after. Grant stopped that so he had to go."
 "And Blake?"
 "Oh, he was next on my list together with the tart he's bedding," Nancy grunted. "Perhaps the shrinks are right and I am insane." She laughed. "Of course, an insane person never thinks they are, do they?"
 Lavina stood and just gazed at the woman. "I'd better go,” she said and headed for the door.
 *
In the warden's office, Pat Stein glared at Lavina. "Do you know what happened?"
 "What?"
 "Morrow found the microphone beneath the table. She unscrewed and dismantled it. We have vision but nothing beyond the first couple of minutes of your conversation."
 Lavina broke into a smile. "Well, you'll just have to learn to lip-read won't you, sergeant," she replied. "I'd like to have a lift home now, if you please."
 "Okay, but we'll need a statement later. Jane will give you a lift home."
 After Lavina walked out, he turned to the austere woman who had sat silently in the room. "A complicated woman, warden," he said. "The idea of having a fake microphone that Morrow would find worked perfectly."
 "You're a devious man, Sergeant Stein," the woman replied. "It was an interesting confession of Morrow's, though, wasn't it?"
 "Yes," muttered the detective. "I doubt if it will be permitted as court evidence, though." He stood and reached out his hand. "There's still plenty to do to tie this case up, I am afraid. My niggling doubt that Janice Ludlow or Lavina Ryland were involved can be laid to rest once and for all, though." 
 *
Lavina walked out and found the jeep waiting for her. "Looks like Steve's here to give me a ride." She smiled at Jane. "Thanks for the offer."
 Jane Frankton nodded, gave Lavina a squeeze on the arm and retreated inside.
 "How did it go, Mum?" Cathy's voice floated out from the back seat of the jeep.
 "Interesting," Lavina replied, hugged Steve again and kissed him with a passion that still surprised him at times.
 "What was that for?" He laughed and winked over her shoulder at Cathy's smile.
 "For being right," she whispered.
 "You mean there was a double, double cross."
 "You could say that," Lavina said, climbing into the jeep. "The silly thing is, I'm pretty sure Nancy Morrow knew, too but it never stopped her talking." She gave a chortle. "Pat Stein had the whole thing televised and recorded but pretended the sound had been lost throughout the whole interview."
 "Why?" Steve asked.
 "I guess he thinks I'm thick."
 Steve grinned as he backed out of the park and drove towards the highway. He found Cathy's eyes in the mirror and smiled. "Do you think your mother's thick, Cathy?"
 "Yeah, around the middle. You should have seen her trying to get into last year's shorts the other day."
 Lavina turned and shook a finger at her daughter. "Weren't you asking me at lunch time for some money so you could go to the movies?" she said without even a glimpse of a smile.
 "Perhaps you're pregnant, Mum," Cathy flashed back. '"That would be okay, then."
 "Cathy!" Lavina snorted but her eyes caught Steve's grin. "My God, the cheek. If I'd said that when I was her age I would have been grounded for a month."
 "Yeah," Cathy retorted. "Grandma's always been long in the tooth. Not like you."
 "Thanks." Lavina smiled. "I'll take that as a compliment. Perhaps I might give you money for the movies after all."
 Steve loved the banter between mother and daughter and grinned again at the girl in the rear seat.
 "You getting fat, too Steve," Cathy looked directly at his mirror image and shook her pony tail, "I'd like to see you get into last year's shorts."
 "It's all the good food you and your mum cook for me." Steve laughed as that warm feeling of being loved surged through his body. He changed up a gear and headed home for 23 Ashley Grove. 
*

CHAPTER 22
With the wedding drawing closer, Steve felt somewhat superfluous. There was not one but two women in his household being measured and fitted with new dresses which he was not allowed to see so he stoically let them get on with it and continued down at Oversee SoftCom with his computer work. There was a contract that had to be completed so it was close to eleven in the evening when he arrived home to find a weary looking Lavina vacuuming scraps of material, threads and fluff off the carpet.
 Lavina smiled at Steve and gave him a welcoming kiss. "Cathy had a headache and went off to bed, and the dress designer just left. You should see Cathy's dress. It makes her look so mature…"
 "Oh, I'm sure I will," Steve laughed. "What about yours?"
 "Finished but you aren't seeing it until the wedding." Lavina grinned. "Only ten days, my love."
 The excitement in the house was infectious and Steve had to admit he was more nervous than he'd ever remembered. Steve grabbed the vacuum cleaner from Lavina, finished the room and turned it off.
 "Now," he said with a smile. "Let's have some supper."
 *
Something woke Steve. He heard Lavina's faint breathing and stared through the blackness with ears tuned in. Yes, there it was, a faint whimpering. He slid out of the blankets and moved silently out, shut the bedroom door behind and turned on the landing light. Everything was now silent so perhaps it was just a dream. He shrugged and was about to return to bed but decided to check on Cathy downstairs. With the ground floor corridor light on he pushed her door open and gazed inside.
 Cathy was lying on the floor and something was terribly wrong. Steve snapped on the bedroom light. The girl was lying on the carpet. Her body jerked and her ghost white face was covered in perspiration. The eyes were open but rolled back under the eyelids. Worse still was her left foot. Around the implant, the skin was bloated and purple with the lower leg swollen like a balloon almost twice it's normal size.
 "Lavina!" Steve screamed, took two steps, picked the teenager up and was carrying her out of the room when his partner appeared, sleepy eyed at the top of the stairs.
 "Something's wrong with Cathy. It's serious. Phone the emergency number. I'll get her to the car and we'll head for the hospital."
 Lavina ran down the stairs and gasped in horror at the sight of her daughter's head lulled back and the gigantic purple leg. "Oh my God, Steve!"
 After pausing only to grab jackets for them both and the mobile phone, Lavina was in her car with Steve seated beside her cuddling Cathy. While she drove, he punched in the emergency number and spoke in clipped sentences to the calm voice at the other end.
 "We're to drive to the public hospital," he said. "They'll be contacting Doctor Horstmann and will be waiting for us at the emergency entrance."
*
Lavina accelerated through the empty city streets onto the motorway and put her foot down. The car was up to one hundred and forty kilometres an hour by the time the off ramp to the hospital appeared. With a skilful move she decelerated, cut across an inside lane and cut into the suburban streets again. Another four blocks blurred by before the floodlit emergency entrance of the hospital appeared. In a scream of brakes, she turned into the side driveway for ambulances only and stopped in a covered parking area.
 Once again, everything happened in seconds. Steve opened his door and not caring that he was still only in pyjamas, carried the shivering, moaning semiconscious girl out.
 "Over here, sir," a quiet voice called.
 Steve's desperate eyes caught those of a man in green fatigues behind a trolley. He lowered Cathy down on the bed placed a kiss on her quivering blue lips and stood up. He didn't realize but tears were streaming down his face. "Her leg, doctor."
 "She'll be in safe hands now, Mr. Garnet," the doctor said as a nurse strapped oxygen on Cathy's face and another assembled a bag of plasma above her.
 Steve nodded and felt Lavina touch his arm and hold his coat out for him. He slipped it on, gave her a brief hug and the pair followed the stretcher party through the myriad of corridors and into an emergency operating room. Other people were there helping. A soft arm guided Steve to a seat and he found a sobbing Lavina clutching at him.
 All went silent. They were outside a double glass- topped doorway with Room 5 printed in red letters above it. Three nurses or doctors dressed in fatigues, masks, gloves and other paraphernalia rushed by and the pair were alone.
 "Oh Steve." Lavina stared up at him with her eyes moist and lips trembling. "What happened?"
 “I don't know. I honestly don't know.”
 The double door opened and a nurse appeared. "Mrs. Ryland?"
 "What's wrong with Cathy?" the distraught woman replied.
 "There was a massive rejection of the implant, Lavina," the nurse said in a calm voice. "Her condition needs to be stabilized and the implant removed." She grimaced. "Doctor Horstmann is in the operating room and so is Doctor Huxley, one of our foremost specialists in blood poisoning."
 "Blood poisoning!" Lavina stuttered as tears poured down her cheeks. "That can be fatal, can't it?"
 "It can be," the nurse said. "But with your forethought to bring her straight in we still have time to save her. The two surgeons are very qualified in their field."
 "How long will it be before we know how Cathy is?" Steve asked.
 "The next hour is crucial. I'd like to be more helpful but can't tell you any more at the moment." The nurse gave an empathetic smile. "We do have an observation room that's usually used for trainee doctors and students. If you'd like to see the operation taking place…"
 "Yes, please," Lavina whispered and Steve felt her hand squeeze his as they followed the nurse up a small set of stairs to a long narrow observation deck.
 Below, through soundproof glass, seven or eight gowned figures bent over the patient. Tubes and electronic devices were everywhere and four television monitors flashed out graphs and readings. A buzzer sounded and the nurse answered a small electronic beeper.
 "I'll ask," she said to the indecipherable incoming voice and glanced at Lavina and Steve.
 "We need blood," she said. "Are either of you A Positive?"
 "Cathy and I are the same blood type," Lavina replied. "We went to the blood bank several times together."
 "Good," replied the nurse. "Are you prepared to donate blood?"
"Of course." Lavina kissed Steve and followed the nurse out the door. Alone, Steve stared at the scene below. His eyes were dry but he could feel his whole body trembling. He switched his eyes and realized two operations were really in progress. A surgeon, probably Doctor Horstmann was bending over Cathy's leg while another group of practitioners were bending over her chest. An anaesthetist stood at the end and held a mask over the girl's face while several nurses monitored the flashing screens.
 A clock on the wall moved onwards in silence but Steve could see little change in the room beneath. He heard a cough and Lavina appeared
 "I was talking to one of the doctors," she whispered. "Cathy's artificial toes are removed and her foot is stitched. The doctors said they're almost certain they got to her in time but still more of her blood is being replaced." 
 "Just sit down, Lavina," a nurse Steve had not noticed said. "We'll get you a cup of tea to sip." She glanced up at Steve. "Would you like one too, Mr. Garnet?"
 "Yes, thank you." Steve smiled and reached out for Lavina's hand as she burst into tears.
 "If you hadn't heard her …" she sobbed. "By now it might have been too late."
 "You would have awoken," Steve replied. "I know that for certain."
 They sipped the tea and waited another forty minutes before the nurse reappeared and asked them to return to the waiting room where the surgeons wished to speak to them. One was Doctor Horstmann whose expression was unreadable. He reached out and shook Lavina's hand and a thin smile punctured his lips. 
"Cathy is safe," he said quietly. "I must apologize for this and can offer no excuse. Cathy appeared to have made excellent progress but I guess this reaction was caused when I cut down on her drugs last week. It was completely unexpected but I know that is of little consolation to you both." He turned and introduced Doctor Gerard Huxley, a thin man of middle age and searching brown eyes.
 "Cathy will remain sedated for most of the day but is out of trouble," Huxley said. "Why don't you go home and return in the early afternoon?"
 "Can we see her, Doctor?" Steve asked.
 "Of course." Huxley nodded to a nurse standing beside him. "You should already notice a difference in her complexion."
 They were lead to a recovery room and Lavina immediately burst into tears... but these were of relief not despair. Cathy lay sleeping with a breathing tube attached to her nose and a bag of plasma still attached to her arm. Her face was almost back to normal with slightly flushed cheeks and rose lips. Her eyelids remained closed and her chest beat in a steady rhythm. A box like structure covered her left foot but the top of a bandage could be seen there.
 "Oh Steve." Lavina sobbed as an equally tormented Steve attempted to comfort her.
 They heard a slight cough and turned to see Doctor Horstmann standing behind them. "I've just been in contact with Westerfield Trust Hospital, and they're prepared to waive all fees if you'd like Cathy to have more artificial toes fitted."
 "And go through this again?" Lavina snapped.
 'No. I refer to ordinary artificial toes, not an implant. I'm prepared to waive all my fees as well."
 "We need time to discuss everything," Steve said. "Our present concern is Cathy's health. The toes are of less importance at the moment."
 "Of course." Horstmann gave Lavina a slight squeeze on the shoulder and departed.
 "He's just bloody scared we'll sue him and the Westerfield Hospital in a malpractice suit," Lavina retorted.
 "No, I don't think so," Steve said in a gentle voice. "I'm sure that was a genuine offer; a little like Miss Cameron's at Emerson Middle School."
 Lavina glanced at him, blinked and walked over to the bed. "Of course it is," she sniffed. "I'm sorry. It all happened so quickly I had to blame someone." She bent down and kissed her daughter. "I guess we'd better go home and get dressed. We're still in pyjamas, you know."
 "I guess we are." Steve grinned. "But don't worry. Everyone will just think we're patients."
 Together, arm in arm, they walked out into the morning sunshine. Steve glanced at his watch. It was almost ten a.m., more than seven hours since their arrival.
 *
 After lapsing back and forth into semi-consciousness, Cathy woke late in the evening of the third day and stared around the room. She knew where she was and had recollections of the doctors and nurses talking to her and explaining what had happened.
 Her mother was slumped; sound asleep in a chair by the drawn window curtains. All was quiet and the place smelled of disinfectant and flowers.
 She glanced around and saw three large bowls of flowers poking up behind at least a dozen cards. Her bedroom television was sitting on the cabinet at the end of the bed and the yellow mobile phone sat next to a jug of orange juice.
 Janice walked in. "Hi, Cathy," she said quietly as she reached down to hug the girl. "Your mum and Steve have hardly left your bedside. How are you feeling?"
 "Numb inside," Cathy confessed. Her eyes were wide and quizzical. "I've ruined Mum's wedding plans, haven't I?"
 Janice placed a small gift she had in her hand on the cabinet, sat on the bed and took Cathy's hands in hers. "No, of course you haven't."
 "But I won't be able to stand properly, let alone walk without limp. I'm just one great liability." She pouted and sniffed back a tear. "Why don't you do it?"
 "Do what?"
 "Be bridesmaid at their wedding."
 Janice smiled. "Don't be silly, Cathy. Your mum wouldn't want anyone but you. She's even talking of postponing the wedding until you're better."
 "She can't," Cathy snapped. "It's not fair to Steve."
 "Then you'd better get up and about, hadn't you?" Janice flashed a small smile. "It's on Saturday and today is Tuesday."
 "Oh hell! I didn't realize."
 Janice gazed into her eyes again. "I'm being mean, actually," she said. "I came to ask a favour."
 "Of me?"
 A blush came to Janice's cheeks. "I need a bridesmaid, too and thought you might like the job." She brought her left hand into sight to show a diamond engagement ring. "Barrie and I are tying the knot in about three months."
 Cathy just stared at her friend, then the ring. "You're just feeling sorry for me," she whispered.
 "No she isn't, sweetheart," Lavina interrupted. "Janice mentioned it to me well before you were rushed back to hospital."
 "Mum!" Cathy gasped and burst into tears. ''I don't want you to put off your wedding."
 "I won't, because you're going to be there with us."
 Suddenly she, too, was in tears hugging her so hard Cathy could hardly breathe.
 "And my offer?" Janice interrupted.
 Cathy's eyes lit up. "If you want me stumbling around your wedding, Janice, I'd love to.”
 "Good. But I have a feeling you won't even be stumbling at your mum's wedding, let alone mine."
 *
Late that evening Steve woke and realized he was alone. He slipped out of bed, made his way downstairs and headed for Cathy's room. He peered in the darkened room and could hear her sleeping peacefully. It was her first night home and everyone had retired late. Steve glanced at his watch. Two fifteen, but where was Lavina?
 He walked into the living room and saw a small slither of light from Lavina's sewing room. Steve tip toed across and pushed the door open. His fiancée was sitting in front of her sewing machine with her head down and the machine whirling away. Cathy's bridesmaid's frock was spread out beneath it.
 "What are you doing, my dear?"
 Lavina jerked in fright and glanced up. Her eyes were damp with tears. "Helping Cathy," she sniffed.
 "In the middle of the night?" He crouched down and put his arms around Lavina. "Surely nothing is that urgent."
 "Oh Steve, when I see Cathy's foot in that massive bandage with her toes gone it just breaks my heart. She was so looking forward to being our bridesmaid."
 "She still can be.” Steve kissed Lavina softly on the neck and kept his arms around her. "You're so cold I can feel you shivering."
 Lavina leaned back into him and sobbed quietly. "We had her frock just above the ankles in length. I thought I'd lower the hem so her bandaged foot would be covered." She swished a strand of hair from her eyes and smiled.
 "I see."
 "I'm being stupid, aren't I?"
 "Of course not. But a few hours won't matter. Come back up to bed. You'll need Cathy to have it on to get the length correct, anyhow."
 Lavina shuddered. "Oh Steve, we almost lost her and this was the second time."
 “But we didn't, Lavina. Come and look. I've never seen anyone looking so peaceful."
 He reached across, turned the sewing machine off and led the woman he loved to Cathy's room. Satisfied that she was well and sound asleep, they continued to their room upstairs.
 Nothing was spoken, but the passion and love between them was spontaneous and powerful. Finally, still cuddled in her partner's powerful arms, Lavina fell into a sleep as peaceful as her daughter's. Steve stroked her soft hair and reflected on the events of the last few days and how important Cathy had become to him. He kissed Lavina and fell into a warm fuzzy sleep of security and love.
 *
 Saint David's Combined Church on Lower Forks Road sat behind a drive of gigantic oak trees early settlers had planted more than a hundred years before. On this warm Saturday morning it was crowded with wedding guests, a nervous groom and an even more nervous bridesmaid.
 Noel Capra, Steve's best man, gave him a poke and leaned across to whisper in his ear. "How did she do it, Steve?" He nodded across the aisle to where Cathy was standing majestically in a full-length blue gown that flowed to the floor. Her blonde hair was brushed out over her shoulders and with the light make up she looked at least sixteen.
 "Sheer grit and determination," Steve replied. He caught Cathy's eyes and her nervous grin broke into a smile. She lifted her gown just a couple of centimetres to show a large woollen sock on her left foot.
 "I'll bet you ten bucks that when Cathy walks out she won't limp," Steve said.
 Noel grinned. "You're on," he whispered. "But this is one bet I hope I lose."
 The Reverend Jason Moore caught Steve's eye and nodded at the lady behind the electronic organ. "Music, please," he said. "The bride has arrived."
 Steve turned as Lavina, escorted by an old family friend to give her away, stepped into the aisle. Like her daughter's dress, her pale apricot coloured gown also reached the floor. Steve beamed a proud smile at the woman he loved and watched as the vision of loveliness walked towards him. In a moment she was beside him with soft fingers clasped in his.
 *
"And now, by the power vested in me, I pronounce you man and wife. You may now kiss your bride."
 Steve and Lavina embraced, sharing their first kiss as husband and wife. With Lavina's hand still in his, Steve stepped across the aisle and swept Cathy in a big bear hug so his arms were around them both, plastered a big kiss on his step daughter's cheek and slipped a piece of paper into her hand.
 Cathy unfolded a legal looking document. "What's this?"
 Lavina grinned. "A court order. Steve has legally adopted you."
 "You can now be Cathy Garnet," Steve added. "But only if that's what you want." He coughed and flushed.
 "I'd like that, Dad," she whispered as two elongated tears rolled down her cheeks. "More than anything in the world."
 She reached up and hugged the man who was now her legal father. Steve nodded to Reverend Moore who then stated, "There is one small addition to this wedding ceremony. I wish to announce that Steve has officially adopted Cathy who shall henceforth be known as Cathy Garnet."
 Lead by Noel, the congregation broke into loud applause and several people, including Janice, Barrie and Noel's wife, Geraldine, stepped forward to hug and congratulate the family.
 "I love you, Mum and Dad," Cathy whispered after the excitement died down.
*
By the time the wedding party had reached the oak trees outside, Noel already had the ten-dollar bill in Steve's hand. "I've never seen such a determined and proud girl," he whispered. "She never faltered once.”
 Cathy, who had been eavesdropping, turned to him. "It's all in the balance, Noel,” she said, winking.
 "And hours of practice," Lavina added proudly.
*

CHAPTER 23
Janice, the manager of Upper Forks Road Lodge, guided the Emerson Heights Middle School girls through the cave on the farm.
 The Outdoor Education Week at the Lodge was into its third day and was a huge success with the thirty pupils, teachers and parent supporters easily fitting into the accommodation capable of holding fifty.
 The new block had three renovated classrooms set as dormitories with white iron beds arranged in rows along the walls. A small town hospital had closed down and Steve had purchased beds for next to nothing. The only alterations needed were the replacement of wheels with rubber stoppers.
 The biggest expense in the refurbishment was converting one classroom into an ablutions block and installing fire safety equipment so the health and safety regulations could be passed. Much of the interior painting was still to be completed but everything was fully functional.
 Steve and Lavina had driven up to see how the camp was going and strolled through the grounds.
 The lodge looked perfect with close cut lawns, trimmed hedges, a new flower garden that was the result of Janice's effort and the swimming pool glistening in the sunshine. Towels, togs, shoes and other clothing seemed to be lying everywhere and the half a dozen girls who weren't participating in the cave walk were busy doing chores.
 Part of the value of this school outing was that the pupils had to look after themselves, prepare and cook their own meals, wash their clothes, make beds, and whatever else needed tending.
 The pair continued their inspection and were about to leave when the first girls from the cave appeared. They were wet and covered in mud but with looks of happiness and achievement written all over their faces.
 "Not bad for city girls used to having everything provided for them," Steve commented as the first group dashed into the building to appear again, mere minutes later in their swim togs. The pool was soon filled with screams of delight as bodies plunged into the cool water.
 "Hi Mum, Dad." Cathy ran straight up when she saw them. "The cave walk was fantastic. I went all the way through. Dad or Barrie need to go in with a chainsaw to cut some of the logs away, though."
 "How was your foot?" Lavina asked
 "Fine. I wore my special sneakers. They work well."
 "Yeah. She left us behind in places," Donna added as she took her sun hat off and wiped the perspiration from her brow. "It's a long way. I'm stiff as hell."
 Cathy grinned at her parents. "Miss Harrison said I had to tell you you're invited to have tea with us. We're cooking it all ourselves!"
 "We'd love to stay," Lavina said.
 "Great!" Cathy swished back her hair and ran across the lawn with her friends. Just before disappearing inside she turned, smiled and waved back at the two adults.
 Lavina tucked her arm in Steve's and the pair walked more sedately towards Room 1 of the former Upper Forks Road School that was the kitchen and dining area. Upper Forks Road Lodge was now in full operation.
*
Summer drifted into autumn. By now, several schools had visited the lodge on a regular basis. During the week the grounds were filled with screaming excited children or teenagers while groups of vacationers filled the lodge on many weekends.
 It became a routine for Steve and Lavina to help Janice and Barrie clean up between visitors with often a frantic rush between the time the school parties left at noon on Friday until the weekend groups rolled in just after four p.m.
 It was three on Friday and Lavina had just hung up the telephone after arranging for Cathy to stay with Ellie until they arrived back in town. She and Janice strolled out into the backfield where Steve and Barrie had spent three hours digging various ditches around to try to find a problem with the septic tank. Finally they found the overflow outlet was blocked.
 "We need more disposal units." Steve grunted as he stood up all sweaty and covered in dirt from a massive hole he'd dug. "Sanitary pads blocked the pipe."
 "That's because the pupils from Cathy's school were using the male facilities as well as their own," Lavina said.
Steve grinned. "The place has been amazingly well looked after. The schools leave everything really clean; they're better than the weekend groups. Anyhow, I'll go and have a shower and we can head home." A moment later he and Barrie headed indoors.
 "How about a cup of coffee before Steve and I head back, Janice?" Lavina said.
 Janice nodded and gazed out over the valley before turning back to Lavina. "I have a small problem with our wedding," she whispered with a shrug. "Barrie said not to worry about it, but …" She glanced away.
 "What is it? I thought everything was set? Is Barrie getting cold feet?"
 "No, nothing like that" Janice smiled. "He's more excited than I am."
 "What, then?"
 "I'm being old fashioned and silly, I guess but I'd like my father to attend and give me away."
 "Well, ask him."
 "I tried. Barrie did, too but whenever we spoke to him on the telephone he'd snap something like 'I don't have a daughter any more' and slam the receiver down."
 Lavina frowned. "I'm sorry, Janice. But perhaps Barrie's right and you should just go ahead without him."
 "I guess." Janice sounded unconvinced. "But I think it's just his stupid old pride. He's utterly alone and very lonely. I want him to be in my life again as part of the family."
 "What say we go and visit him, just you and me," Lavina suggested. "A face to face approach is often better than trying to speak on the telephone."
 "You'll do that?"
 "Sure." Lavina smiled and winked. "That's what you wanted all along, wasn't it?"
 "My God, you can read me like a book." Janice laughed.
*
Richard Ludlow's farm was well kept with a modest house perched on a small hill. A gravel drive circled up to it. As they approached her father's property, Janice began to tremble.
 "He's home. Otherwise the Land Rover would be out. Dad hardly uses the car any more. It just sits in the garage gathering dust."
 Lavina gave Janice an affectionate squeeze. "Come on. Let's go."
 Janice swallowed and led Lavina around the side of the building where a dog immediately began yelping. "Sam!" Janice called and walked over to the black farm dog chained to a kennel. "You remember me, don't you?"
 The dog stopped yelping and ran up with its tail wagging in recognition. Large brown eyes stared up at Janice while she crouched down and patted him behind the ears.
 "What's all the row?" a male voice yelled.
 Lavina glanced up and saw a well-built, bronzed man in his late fifties appear around the corner. He was dressed in a bush shirt, shorts, woollen socks and the inevitable solid work boots. The man stopped and his eyes swept across at the two women.
 "Hi Dad." Janice stood up and straightened her skirt. "This is Lavina Garnet, our landlady and my best friend."
 Richard Ludlow gave a slow nod and ran a calloused hand over his grey stubble. He hesitated as if he was contemplating what to do, before holding out his hand. "The former Lavina Ryland from Upper Forks Road, I believe."
 Lavina returned the firm handshake and nodded. "That's correct Mr. Ludlow. I was remarried recently."
 "I heard," Ludlow muttered and turned his eyes away from the pair. "I guess I know why you're both here. You'd better come in."
 He led them into the kitchen. Opposite the entrance was a massive fireplace made of ornamental black bricks. The mantelpiece above was covered in photographs, mostly older black and white ones in small frames.
 Lavina walked across and glanced at them. As well as the usual family photos of Richard and a smiling woman were photos of Janice. There was Janice as a child, standing by a dog, as a teenager on a horse, in high school uniform, as a young woman and even a relatively new coloured portrait of Janice as an adult.
 "Your family, Mr. Ludlow?" she asked quietly.
 The man coughed. "Call me Richard," he muttered and turned to the sink. "I was about to have a cup of tea. Can I offer you one?"
 "Yes, thank you Richard." Lavina replied. She noticed that the man had hardly said a word to his daughter nor even looked at her. The atmosphere was contrived and tense. The man's words were cordial but forced.
 She sat at the massive round oak table and glanced at Janice. Her friend was pale and biting on her bottom lip with eyes that darted around the room like a caged animal ready to escape at the slightest pretence.
 Lavina decided it was up to her. "Your daughter is getting married in a month and would like you to give her away," she said in a clear voice.
 The man stared at her. Once again, he ignored Janice and bore his gaze into Lavina. "Daughter, Mrs. Garnet? I have no daughter."
 Janice's quivering lip dropped lower. She stared at her father and tears began to run down her flushed cheeks and onto her dress. Without saying a word, she stood, squeezed Lavina's shoulder and walked out the door.
 Lavina didn't move. Anger rose in her throat but she controlled it. She brought the cup of tea to her lips and sipped the hot liquid.
 "You are a deeply religious man, I've been told," she finally said.
 Ludlow turned from where he'd been watching the now empty doorway, sighed and sat down.
 "Janice broke every rule we gave her," he muttered as he glanced down at his cup of tea. "She chose to have an affair with your first husband, she got herself impregnated by the man and took a life by having the child aborted. Those sins can't be overlooked."
 "What about forgiveness?" Lavina snapped. "I'm not a religious person myself but I forgave Janice for the affair she had with Grant. And what did I find? I found a lonely young woman and a girl with a heart of gold who had made a mistake."
 Richard Ludlow's eyes flicked up at her.
 "Janice is not a person to ridicule," Lavina continued, her voice becoming louder. "She's a person to respect and love. She's met a fine young man who is now the manager of my family farm. He knows of her background; about the brief affair, the abortion and in spite of all that he loves her."
 She sighed and decided to continue. "If your religion will not allow you to forgive her, Richard, it's not a religion but a hypocrisy." She stopped and let the words sink in and waited for an angry rebuff.
 But it didn't come. Instead, Janice's father just sat and sipped his tea for a few moments.
 "Janice may not hold your views of life but that doesn't make her wicked or bad." Lavina stood, walked to the mantelpiece and picked up one of the faded photographs of Janice as a child holding a big furry cat. "You're not even being honest with yourself. You love your daughter, Richard; otherwise you would have thrown these photographs of her away." She fixed a steady gaze on the man. "And she loves you, too. That's why she wants you to be her father, to come to her wedding and to give her away."
 For several seconds, Lavina held the man's gaze and made him break his eye contact She picked up Janice's latest photograph and held it out. "This was sent to you last Christmas, I believe and you didn't even have the courtesy to acknowledge receiving it. Yet you place it on the mantelpiece. Strange, isn't it?"
 Richard shrugged but said nothing.
 "So you have a choice," Lavina pressed. "You either cling to your ideals and continue your lonely life or you accept Janice's offer and make her part of your life again. She has a loving fiancé and is prepared to share her life with you. The ball's in your court. Thank you for the cup of tea."
 Lavina walked to the door.
 "When is it?"
 Lavina stopped, turned and smiled. "Four weeks from today, eleven a.m. at Saint David's Combined Church just up the road."
 "I'll be there," the man said, extending his hand.
 Lavina took it and looked into sad blue eyes. "Thank you. You won't regret this, Richard. Janice loves you."
 She turned and walked out.
 A tearful Janice was crouching beside Sam, the dog on the lawn. "Old bugger, isn't he? I heard your raised voice. Throw you out, did he?"
 Lavina crouched down. "On the contrary, Janice, he agreed to give you away."
 "What!" the younger woman exclaimed. She stood and flung her arms around Lavina. "Really?"
 "Go and ask him, for yourself." Lavina smiled.
 Janice grinned and turned to see her father standing by the veranda. She took two hesitant steps forward, noticed his expression and broke into a run. Richard Ludlow held his arms out and wrapped them around his daughter.
 "Thank you, Dad."
 "I'd better buy a new suit," her father muttered. "No doubt my present one is out of style."
 Janice looked up at the man. "Yes, Dad. You'd better."
*

CHAPTER 24
As with all weddings, last minute problems seemed to swell to gigantic proportions with the bride waiting impatiently in the farmhouse kitchen on Upper Forks Road for her transport to arrive.
 "We asked for the taxis to be here fifteen minutes ago. It's ten twenty! And Dad. Where is he?"
 "Everything's fine," Lavina said. "Just relax. It's our job to do all the worrying."
 "But is Dad coming? He's made no contact since we visited him."
 "He'll be here at ten thirty. It's only a twenty minute drive to the church."
 "Can you help with my veil?"
 "Ask your bridesmaid," Lavina said. "That's what you've got her for." She winked.
 Cathy placed the long white veil over Janice's head and stood back. "You look beautiful," she said.
 They were interrupted by a car honking outside. Janice and Cathy rushed to the door and the bride gave a gasp of surprise. Instead of the taxis they'd ordered, there were two vintage white Jaguars decked with ribbons and tiny bridal dolls attached to the hood.
 A man dressed in a dark suit and silver tie stepped out of the front car and approached.
 "Dad!"
 "Ordinary cars aren't good enough for my daughter," Ludlow said without even a smile. "My little girl has grown into a beautiful woman and bride."
 "Oh Dad." Janice sniffed and found her father's arms around her. "Thank you for coming."
 The farmer gave an embarrassed cough and held his daughter out so he could see the long white bridal gown. He blinked and Janice noticed two small tears in his eyes. "Dear God, Janice. You look just like your mother on the day I married her, so beautiful and delicate."
 "Dad, you noticed. My dress is designed from an old photograph of your wedding. It's a duplicate of Mom's."
 "If only she could be here." Ludlow sighed and blew his nose. He turned and spied the teenager waiting on the path. "And this glorious bridesmaid must be Cathy. You're not that scrawny kid I remember anymore, are you?"
 "No, I guess not, Mr. Ludlow," Cathy said shyly.
 Richard Ludlow broke into a smile and glanced at his watch. "Well, ladies shall we go? I believe a nervous young man is waiting at the church." He held the door open and offered a hand to his daughter who took it and stepped into the front Jaguar.
 Cathy grinned at her mother and stepped into the second car. "See you at the church, Mum."
*
In the days that followed the wedding, Richard Ludlow became a regular visitor to their farm...except on Sundays
 "I guess Dad can't change his beliefs, entirely," Janice said. "But six days a week is something I'd never have dreamt possible." She fixed her eyes on her friend. "That must have been some speech you gave him that day we visited, Lavina."
 "Not really. He was struggling with his own emotions. It was when I saw that latest photograph of you on the mantelpiece, I realized his stern, uncompromising exterior was a facade." She laughed. "I also quoted a bit about religion including forgiveness. He knew you had that abortion, you know."
 Janice gasped. "He did?"
 Lavina nodded.
 "Then he has changed. I thought if he discovered that, I'd be a murderer in his eyes for eternity."
 "He never stopped loving you, Janice. It was only his pride and stern beliefs that stopped him from expressing it."
*
Both Lavina and Janice were witnesses when Nancy Morrow's murder trial was held three weeks before Christmas. After much apprehension, Lavina found that her time on the stand during the third day was surprisingly short. She was asked about the abduction, her relationship with Grant and repeated what was said in her interview with Nancy in the prison. As the police had suspected, none of the secret voice or video recordings were permitted at the trial so it was really her word against Nancy's.
 The witnesses came and went with two conflicting accounts on the cause of the Cessna crash presented. Next, photographs of the fingerprints the police had lifted from the wreckage were displayed and proved to be those of the defendant.
 Morrow's defence lawyer, Sandra Friedman, addressed the bench. "I'd now like to call Nancy Morrow to the stand, Your Honour."
 Nancy, looking frailer than ever, flinched as she waited for the questioning to begin. She looked physically and emotionally exhausted but over the next four hours made a remarkably good account of herself. The lawyer included questions about both of Nancy's failed marriages and the recent split from her present husband. The reasons for her latest contact with Ryland were also brought out in considerable detail. This was allowed, as Morrow had pleaded guilty at an earlier trial to her involvement in stealing the Rubens painting.
 "There are just a couple more points, Nancy," Friedman continued after a two-hour lunch break. "You stated earlier you had hired your former husband to hide the Rubens painting and that was the reason for you visiting his ranch. On the Thursday before his death when you visited him to discuss flying the painting back to Auckland, was he working on the aircraft?"
 "Yes," Morrow muttered. Her eyes were downcast.
 "So how did your fingerprints get on the engine cowling?"
 Morrow glanced up and fixed her eyes on the jury. "Grant had the cowling open and was adjusting something in the engine when I arrived. I remember him muttering that it was due for an overhaul. When he went to close the cowling he asked me to help. I reached up and clamped the forward section down."
 "I see. And that was on Thursday?"
 "Yes. Lavina always went to town on that day of the week so I knew she wouldn't be home."
 "And that was the last time you were near the aircraft?"
 "Yes."
 "And did you see your former husband after that Thursday?"
 "No, I never saw him again." Morrow's voice was much stronger. "It wasn't until the following week I'd heard about the Cessna crash and his death."
 "Thank you, Nancy." The lawyer turned to the Crown Prosecutor. "Your witness," she said.
 Crown Prosecutor Clive Clarke, was a serious faced, middle-aged man who rose and waited for a full minute before strolling slowly across the courtroom.
 "There were no other witnesses there on the day your fingerprints were deposited on the engine cowling, Mrs. Morrow?"
 "No, none."
 "I see. So we only have your words with no supporting evidence of what happened at that time."
 "Yes." Morrow replied.
 Clive glared at the defendant, switched his gaze across to the jury before he turned back to ask the next question.
 "Earlier you stated the conversation you had with Mrs. Lavina Garnet in the prison was a fabrication."
 "That's correct. We barely mentioned the Cessna crash or Grant for that matter. Lavina was more concerned about her daughter's injuries."
 "So the jury should believe your version of the conversation and not Mrs. Garnet's?"
 The woman's reply was almost a whisper. "I believe Lavina was overwrought and wanted to blame someone for her daughter's injuries and..."
 "The court is not interested in what you think went on in Mrs. Garnet's head, Mrs. Morrow," Clarke cut in. "First, you expect the jury to believe your version of the reason for your prints being on the engine cowling and you also expect them to believe Mrs. Lavina Garnet lied to this court."
 "I object, Your Honour," Sandra Friedman interrupted. "That's a statement not a question."
 "I agree," the judge stated. "You will rephrase or withdraw your question, Mr. Clarke."
 Clive Clarke nodded politely. "I'll rephrase Your Honour," he said and turned back to Nancy Morrow. "Did you vandalize the Cessna aircraft and, thereby, cause the death of your former husband?"
 Nancy Morrow looked up. "I had nothing to do with Grant Ryland's death," she stated without hesitation.
 After lengthy summations, the jury retired just before noon and it was the following afternoon before they returned. Lavina and Steve were among the spectators in the crowded observation deck waiting for the verdict.
 The judge fixed Nancy with a neutral gaze. "Please stand, Mrs. Morrow."
 Nancy nodded and stood with downcast eyes while the judge unfolded a slip of paper the clerk had brought across from the foreman of the jury. He read it with an expressionless face and handed it back to the clerk.
 "To the charge of murder, how do you find the defendant?" he asked the jury foreman a moment later.
 The foreman stood up. "We find the defendant, not guilty, Your Honour."
 "Oh my God," Lavina whispered. "She's getting away with it."
 "To the secondary charge of manslaughter, how do you find the defendant?"
 "Guilty, Your Honour."
 Lavina saw that Nancy Morrow's lips were clamped in a thin line but otherwise there was no reaction at all.
 "So that's it," Steve said. He put an arm around his wife. "I think it was a close call."
 "I would have loved to have heard what was said in the jury room," Lavina said.
 They stopped talking to listen to the judge's final comments and then watched as a police officer escorted a grim faced Nancy Morrow out of the room.
 "Manslaughter. With good behaviour she'll be free in a few years," Lavina said.
 "She probably helped us," Steve added philosophically. "If Grant was still alive, you'd still be married to him and not me." He chuckled. "Even if you were separated it would be two years before you could get a divorce."
 "I guess you're right," Lavina said. "I never thought of it that way."
 Lavina placed her arms around her husband's neck and reached up to kiss him affectionately.
 "Now, what was that for?" Steve asked.
 "Do I have to have a reason?"
 "Not really." Steve grinned and drew her into his arms. "Remember when I first arrived at Upper Forks Road School and you stopped by?"
 "Yes, I think I mentioned something about being your neighbour … then the fun began."
 She smiled and grabbed Steve's arm.  Together they walked out of the courtroom.
The End


LONG VALLEY ROAD
ROSS RICHDALE
This fast paced novel combines human emotions of love, empathy, revenge and greed with the sheer force of Mother Nature. The inhabitants of Long Valley Road in New Zealand have their lives changed forever by the events happening around them. Join them and see, through their eyes, how one family grows and blossoms through the good times and bad. American, Julie tries to cope with a new country, Fiona discovers she is not just a mother-in-law and a young schoolteacher and lonely widower fall in love. But is this love strong enough to surmount the problems about to descend upon them all?
*

CHAPTER 1
"If passenger, John Berg, outbound for Auckland, New Zealand is still in the terminal, will he please report to Desk 23 …"
Julie Berg, one of the thousands of passengers delayed at New York's J.F. Kennedy International Airport due to the biggest snowstorm through the Eastern Seaboard that January, jerked awake and frowned. She moved the sleeping head of her six-year-old sister from her lap, stared around and felt down for their hand luggage. Yes, it was tucked safely beneath their feet. Everywhere she gazed, travellers, like themselves were stranded and waiting for the snowploughs to do their job so the airport could reopen.
"Daddy!" the twelve year old girl hissed and poked the well built man snoring in the seat next to her.” I heard your name called out."
"What? What?" John muttered. He opened his eyes and saw Julie gazing at him with her forehead creased in a frown. "I'm sorry. I must have dropped off. What time is it Sweetheart?"
"Two in the morning Daddy," Julie nodded at the unseen speaker above them. "Listen!"
John yawned and smiled at his elder daughter, a tall slim girl with an easy smile and light brown hair. She seemed to be growing every day and had already reached puberty. Dressed in a new suit and with a light touch of make up she was a young woman, not a child any more. Perhaps the events of the previous few weeks had force her into maturity before her time. He sighed and turned his attention to the continuous stream of announcements until he heard his name coming through.
"Stay here with Helen and the gear Sweetheart," he said and cranked his stiff body out of the seat. "I'll go and see what they want."
"Can you get me a burger and coke, Daddy?" Julie asked. "I famished."
"Sure, Sweetheart. See you soon." He grinned. Perhaps she was just a kid, after all.
John threaded his way through the huddled mass of people until he came to the almost empty airline's desk. The attendant smiled as he approached and mentioned his name.
"Yes, Mr. Berg," she began. "We can reroute you to Dallas/Fort Worth and onto an Air New Zealand flight leaving for New Zealand later this afternoon. Unless another storm comes through domestic flights for Dallas will leave JFK at first light."
John smiled. "I'll take it," he replied. "That's good news. I knew we'd missed our Qantas connection at Los Angeles."
"Great," the attendant said and tapped away at her computer. "Now, that was two adults and two children?"
"No," John replied and was about to say there were only himself and the two kids when he felt a tug on his sleeve.
He turned and noticed the intense hazel eyes of a slim woman in her sixties staring up at him. "Grandma!" he gasped. "What are you doing here? You should be home in your apartment in this weather. I told you it was useless coming to the airport to see us off." He frowned when he realized his mother-in-law was in the departure lounge? Only passengers were allowed this far in.
Fiona Reynolds' eyes misted over. "There’s nobody here for me now, John, only you and the kids. I decided to follow you out. I heard your flight was delayed and managed to find you." She hesitated. "That's if you want me tagging on. If not, it is easy enough to cancel the ticket."
John stared at the moist eyes and his heart went out. Of all the people in the world, this determined woman was the one he'd want with them. The tearful goodbye and the promises to keep in touch seemed totally inadequate after the earlier decision to continue the family's emigration to New Zealand. Anne and himself had planned it over the last two years and everything had been finalized five months before.
"Oh Fiona," he replied and tucked his arms around the frail woman. "You know we want you but what of your apartment and the cat?"
"Thelma, next door has adopted Patches and as for the apartment, it is only a building. One can't live on memories, you know!"
"So my arguments did get through?" John replied.
"A stubborn old lady takes a while to see the light," Fiona retorted. "When I saw the cab drive away I had a rethink and here I am."
John grinned and turned to the attendant. " I was wrong. It is two adults and two children," he said. 
*
"My God! Look at it Daddy," Helen gasped in astonishment as the city unfolded beneath their Boeing 747 thirty-six hours later. "You said hardly anybody lived here."
Beside a muddy estuary, thousands of houses stretched away into the distance. As the aircraft dipped and circled around for its approach to the airport, high rise buildings, topped by a gigantic tower rose in front of a second harbour, this one blue and shining in the morning light.
"We are arriving on schedule at Auckland International Airport," announced the captain over the public address system. "As you can see, the weather is fine and sunny. It is seven a.m., local time; the temperature is sixteen degrees Celsius and is expected to rise to twenty-eight degrees this afternoon. For our American passengers, that is sixty degrees Fahrenheit rising to eighty two degrees…”
"I know that," retorted Julie. "We aren't dumb."
"Most of New Zealand is in the middle of a summer drought at the moment," the voice droned on, "Please have your passports and customs declarations ready for inspection. For New Zealand citizens …" the voice continued but John had stopped listening. 
He felt a twinge of excitement as a tiny hand grasped his and Helen gazed up. "I'm glad Grandma is with us Daddy," she whispered.
"I am too Sweetheart." John caught his younger daughter's smiling eyes and reached up for their luggage. For better or worse, they had arrived in their new homeland. The circumstances had changed so much since he had suggested to Anne they sell their Upper New York State ranch and purchase a property in New Zealand. She was gone now, but at least the family's dreams could be fulfilled.
"Mom would have loved this view," Julie added. She tucked an arm around Helen's shoulder and used the other to squeeze her father's arm. 
"Yes Sweetheart," John added. "And I know this is what she would want us to do."
They watched as the aircraft turned onto a taxiway and made the final journey to the terminal building. Airports the world over all looked the same from this direction. 
*
After customs and transfer to the domestic terminal the Bergs had an hour's flight in a tiny fifty-seat aircraft to the city of Palmerston North.
They walked inside the small but modern terminal land and stood, somewhat disorientated until a young man in a crisp suit approached. "I heard your accent and assume you must be the Berg family. "He took John's nod as a signal to continue talking. "I'm Gerard Hurstworld from Taylor and Webber, the real estate agents working for you." He smiled at the girls. "You must be Julie and Helen? Welcome to New Zealand. You, too, John." He switched his eyes to Fiona and gave a tiny nod.
"Fiona Reynolds, my mother-in-law," John introduced. "She decided to come with us."
"Of course. Hello Fiona." Gerard shook everyone's hand before turning back to the family's leader. "May I offer my sympathy at the tragic loss of your wife, John? I spoke to Anne on the phone on one occasion a few months back. She sounded a pleasant person."
"Thank you," John replied.” It all happened so quickly in the end." He hesitated. "After a great deal of soul searching we decided to come anyway."
"If there is anything we can do, just ask," Gerard continued and sounded as though he meant it. "We've got the new Ford Fairmont wagon you ordered out in the parking area and the guy from the dealer, is around somewhere for you to sign along the dotted line. I think everything else is done. If you wish, I'll travel out in your car and show you where to go. My wife can follow in our car and bring me back."
"That's awfully kind of you but are you sure?" John replied, "
"No problem, it's about an hour and a bit to the farm. " He scratched his chin. "The last bit is pretty windy but I'm sure you'll like the place once you arrive.  It was a real bargain, too, I might add, a mortgagee sale and far better than the original property you were considering." 
*
After twenty kilometres of wide straight two lane highway through rich but parched farmland they reached rolling hills that became more windy the further they travelled. They wound down into a beautiful valley and crossed the Rangitikei River, a tumbling river that cut through a valley beneath enormous cliffs. From there they drove up through to a tiny village named Hunterville, turned along a narrow sealed road that headed through a picturesque valley between steep hills.
John, who was still trying to cope with the steering wheel on the right and driving on the left, almost panicked when he drove around an 'S' bend to find a gigantic Mack truck filling the road in front. Instinctively he pulled the wrong way, Julie screamed but the truck stopped with a hiss of vacuum brakes. As they squeezed by the tractor unit and two trailers loaded with sheep, the grinning driver, pulled his hooter when Helen waved at him.
"It's been so dry, many farmers are selling off stock," Gavin explained. "Your place is fine, though. The previous owner under stocked the place and the gullies have retained their moisture. When I visited last week, the stream still had quite a volume of water flowing through it." He grinned at Helen sitting, wide eyed, in the middle of the front seat. "What do you think so far, young lady?" he asked
"It's different," The youngster replied glanced up at Gerard. "I don't like the narrow road." 
The road from that point on wasn't bad, it was diabolical! They turned off the sealed road where a faded yellow sign stated Long Valley Road, State Highway 49, 63 km.
The gravel road was barely wider than the Fairmont and John had no idea what would happen if another auto came the other way. As they wound up a hill and through steep forest that Gerard called bush, his thoughts grew gloomy. The back tires spun on another corner and dust bellowed up in dense clouds behind them. Even with the air conditioning on, the sun blazing through the windshield soon had his shirt became soaked in perspiration. The shady sections became welcome but the dry waist high grass and thistles covered in brown dust further added to his depression. What had he committed his family too?
 *
In the back seat, Julie had similar feelings but was encouraged by her grandmother who sat with an almost satisfied smirk on her face. 
"It'll be fine, Julie," Fiona said with her usual confidence. "Your daddy knows what he is doing. You just wait and see."
"I hope so, Grandma." The twelve year old gulped as thoughts went back to Davidson Junior High School at home and all her friends. A pang of homesickness activated by motion sickness jerked through her body.
As Fiona had predicted, the windy bends did stop and the road opened out into a wide valley, the bush retreated and farms appeared.
"Three more kilometres," Gerard said, "We're in the valley proper now. There's no more windy road and that's Mount Ruapehu in front."
Ahead, rising up above steep hills, a wide twin peaked mountain with snow still on the summit, filled the northern horizon in front of a cloudless sky. 
"It's beautiful," gasped Fiona. She glanced over at a white faced Julie who managed a weak smile. “I heard the ski fields there are some of the best in the North Island."
They passed a farmhouse on the left and, a few moments later, another to the right. Two more slipped by before Gerard instructed John to slow down at a wooden sign carved into a split log that stated Top Oasis Farm. 
They had arrived!
The driveway led up a steep gradient before it levelled out. They came to an expanse of green lawn fronting a modern house built of cream bricks. Four huge bay windows were along the front of the house. Two attic windows poked out from a steep tiled roof. Ornamental shrubs, a tennis court and, even better for the girls, a kidney shaped swimming pool beneath overhanging fern trees appeared, adjacent to a large car garage. Flower gardens circled between the drive and bush area while, to the right, farm buildings could be seen behind a white painted fence.
The whole grounds were spacious and in immaculate condition.
"Welcome to your new home," Gerard announced as he stopped the car under an archway built out from a double glass door of the house's side entrance.
"Oh Daddy!" Julie’s eyes twinkled ”It's more modern and bigger than our house back in The States.
 Helen, though, saw something else. She gave a squeak of delight when a massive ginger cat strolled around the corner and stared disdainfully at them as if he was the owner of the property.
"You have a choice about Ginger," Gerard said. "We've had a manager here over the last couple of months since the original owner shifted out and he fed the cat. If you don't want it, I promised him to my wife."
"We'll keep him," Fiona retorted before anyone could say a word. "I love cats."
The new immigrants clamoured out of their vehicle and the girls waited impatiently as Gerard unlocked the door and they walked through a carpeted entranceway to a wide polished door. Beyond this was the kitchen and open spaced living area together with another surprise. The furniture was familiar. 
"Yes.” Gerard grinned. "Your container arrived two weeks back and the moving firm unpacked everything. You may not like where we placed everything but at least it is all out and we have disposed of a ton of boxes"
"We?" queried John.
"Well, you were such good clients, my firm decided to tidy up after the packers left. Not many New Zealanders can afford to pay cash for a property like this.”
Julie followed her father through the spacious interior and saw everything they'd packed up three months earlier. Her room even had their teddy bears propped up on beds and clothes placed neatly in the en suit closets.
"We never expected this," John gasped and reached out to pump Gerard's hand. "Thank you!"
"The farm gear you brought is out in the implement shed," Gerard added. "I guess you'd call it a barn. The large wooden building further out is the wool shed."
There was a cough and everyone turned as a chubby woman walked in and Gerard introduced her as his wife, Claire.
"There was so much dust on the road I had to drop back so I wouldn't be suffocated," she said after all the introductions were made.
"And I bet you helped arrange everything, Claire," Fiona said. "My, even our curtains have been altered to fit the windows."
"Gavin and I did spend a couple of weekends here," the New Zealander admitted.
"I knew it," Fiona laughed. "I could see the woman's touch as soon as we walked in."
"Daddy," Julie tugged on her father's sleeve. "Can we go for a swim? I'm all sweaty.’
“Please Daddy.” Helen jumped up and down in excitement.
“How about a bite to eat first?” John asked but knew he was fighting a loosing battle.
*
Mere moments later the Berg girls, having already picked up and cuddled the cat, were screaming and splashing in the swimming pool while the adults brought out food and set out a picnic lunch on a large wooden table in the patio. John had to smile when Claire produced a large hamper she called a chilly bin filled with sandwiches, a salad and other summer food.
'It's really Gerard's day off," Claire admitted. "We decided to make a picnic of your arrival. I hope you don't mind."
John just stared with a grin transfixed across his face. "Nobody has ever done this for us before," he replied. "I don't know how to begin to thank you."
"It's no problem," Claire chuckled. "Gerard and I love it out here."
 John laughed. "Then come back any time."
He grinned as Claire unscrewed a large thermos and poured some coffee into four cups brought out from the kitchen. "I know Americans always like coffee," she said. "It's only instant, I'm afraid. There are some cans of soft drink for the girls. I wasn't sure what they'd like."
"They drink anything that's bad for them," John laughed. "A soda will be grand."
He sat back and gazed around at the familiar furniture, ornaments, cushions and even the cups Claire had used to pour the coffee into. They were half a world from home but everything was here. They could have shifted a couple of blocks to a ranch house in the United States. The big difference from their old home, though, was that the sky was crystal clear and it was mid summer.
His mind drifted back and a melancholy expression appeared. Anne was the one who'd suggested the big move in the first place. It was ten years since their ranch was threatened by developers and they'd held out for years, too long, perhaps. Anne would never see the result of all their efforts. One small lump on her breast that she hid from him until it was too late did all the damage. She had refused treatment that may have prolonged the inevitable for a few months. 
A soft hand touched his shoulder. "Thinking of Anne aren't you, John?" Fiona whispered. "I'm proud of you and everything you've done. After working for twenty years, you pulled your father's ranch back from the verge of bankruptcy and won that frightful court case against your useless brother. Now, you have this fine freehold property to show for your efforts."
"Thanks Fiona," John replied. His marriage to Anne been stressful but especially in the earlier years had been happy but now… John sighed and switched his attention to Gerard who held a plate of food under his chin. 
"Thanks," he smiled and took a tomato and cucumber sandwich. "My mind was a million miles away." 
 *

CHAPTER 2
Reid Platters, the temporary manager of John's farm, was an agricultural degree student. He lived in the farm cottage; a small house tucked on a rise above the road a couple of hundred metres away and across from the local tiny country school. He was, therefore, unaffected by John's arrival in the main house and it didn't take much to persuade him to remain with them until late February when the new university semester began. This was a wise decision as Reid had an excellent knowledge of New Zealand sheep farms and the intricacies of Top Oasis in particular. 
As Gerard had said, the farm was under stocked but without the burden of a heavy mortgage the previous owner had, could provide a modest income, even with the current depressed meat and wool prices. The season's lambs had been sold at a higher than expected price and shearing was complete. Two paddocks, as Reid called the fields, had been cut for hay and one other was ready for cutting. A local contractor baled the hay that was stored in a hay shed, really just an iron roof held up by eight steel poles. Unlike at home, there was no large barn, as the animals did not need to be held inside during the winter months. Two hundred beef cattle supplemented the three thousand sheep on the property.
The farm consisted of steep hills with a farm track that provided access up to a top plateau. Along the back boundary was another road, narrow and used so little that grass grew along the middle. Beyond, the land dipped back down into a steep bush filled gorge with a mountain stream at the bottom. Water was pumped from the stream to three large concrete tanks on the plateau and, from there, gravity fed back to the farm paddocks and buildings. In Reid's opinion, the farm needed top dressing and spraying to rid the land of thistles and many fences were in need of upgrading. Otherwise, it was in excellent condition.
"Those small plantations of pine trees on the steeper slopes throughout the farm help to prevent slips," he commented as he drove the ancient Land Rover that came with the farm, along the dusty track high above the farm house, "Have a look at the Blackburn farm the next time you go to town. It has no trees and tiny slips are everywhere. This country is prone to slips," 
"I noticed the trees and thought that might be the case. There's quite a plantation over there." John nodded to his left.
"Newson's place, your neighbour and brother of your predecessor," Reid replied. “Did you hear about Hamish and Diane Newson?" 
"Not really." John glanced across up at his companion. "The agent just rang and said this property had come available through a mortgagee sale and was I interested? I had a tentative offer on a property further south but, in my opinion, it was overpriced so I decided to buy here instead."
"The silly bugger shot himself," Reid explained. "There's been a rash of suicides of farmers in the country over the last year or so."
John grimaced. "Did he? I didn't know."
"Third or forth generation farmer, he was," Reid continued. "His old man wasted the place away but was too miserable to hand it on to Hamish. Anyhow, to cut a long story short, the father dropped dead a decade back and left this farm to Hamish and his brothers." Reid grunted and pulled a wide floppy hat down over his eyes to shield out the blazing sun. "Bloody mean move, actually. The brothers had left home years ago and Hamish had worked on a pittance for his father since he'd left school. He arranged two large mortgages to buy one brother out just as farm incomes dropped. Two other brothers own farms in the valley. It was originally one massive estate." He shrugged and continued. "Anyway, when the bank was about to foreclose Hamish just went up to the top pump shed and blew his brains out. Mind you, he'd been depressed for months and Diane really ran the place.”
"How tragic!" John shook his head in sympathy. "I've heard of similar situations back home. What happened to the wife?"
"She tried to cope for a while but the banks still wanted their money, your tender at the mortgagee sale was accepted and I was approached to manage the place until you arrived. The last I'd heard, she'd shifted to Auckland." 
They reached a level section when a four wheeled farm bike followed by a cloud of dust came roaring towards them. It jerked to a stop beside the now stationary Land Rover and Julie pulled a crash helmet off her face. Helen, also enclosed in a helmet, clung on behind her big sister and stared at her father with twinkling eyes.
"Grandma said the coffee pot is brewing, Daddy," she called. "Come and get it. You too, Reid."
John frowned at the pair. "You be careful, Julie," he scolded. "And don't you dare go up the steep trail with Helen on the back. It's too dangerous."
"I wasn't, Dad," Julie replied with a pout and turned back to her sister. "Hang on Helen," she shouted and revved the motor. Clouds of blue smoke filled the air, the farm bike circled out over the paddock and headed back towards the house.
John laughed. "She's got to know the girl next door, found out nobody over six calls their father Daddy in New Zealand so it's now Dad, whether I like it or not. They learn fast, don't they?" 
"Sure do," agreed Reid and started the Land Rover forward again. "You said Julie's only twelve and is still at primary school?"
"That's right," John answered. "She's quite mature for her age, I guess. She was at junior high at home but I was told the local primary schools take children to Year 8, the class she'll be in. Next year we'll have to send her to a boarding school and I'm glad she's home for this year." he chuckled. "Helen's thrilled her big sister will be at the same school as herself."
"Same room, too," Reid grunted.
"How come?" John frowned.
"It's another long story," the manager replied. "I'll tell you about it some time but briefly, half the kids have left Long Valley School, the roll has dropped below twenty and they've lost the second teacher. It's what we call a sole charge at the moment and the rumour is the school will close at the end of the first term."
"That's bad news," John muttered. "That was one thing I checked out before I bought the property. I was assured there was schooling available."
"There still will be," Reid explained. "They'll run a bus through to Junction Road School in the next valley. That's where many of the valley kids are going, anyway, especially those living further up the road from here."
"I see," John replied. "That's a relief."
The conversation changed back to farm topics and, John diverted his attention to other items. There was so much to learn in a new country. The next day, though, the news about the local school was going to return to his notice and alter his family's lives in the weeks ahead. 
*
During their first two weeks at Top Oasis neighbours dropped in to introduce themselves and welcome the Americans to the district. Most appeared typical country folk who tended to be closer to Fiona's age than John's. One of the younger ones was a woman in her thirties called Linda McLean who drove in one afternoon with three young children. She sent her children to find Julie and Helen, accepted an offer of a drink of coffee, sat down and began talking.
"We've got a car pool going to take the children to school. I thought you might like to participate," she began in an even more British accented voice than the usual New Zealand one. "Bruce and Janice Cheever are running such a wonderful program at their school. They're a husband and wife teaching team who do a simply marvellous job." She stopped and sipped her coffee. "Diane who was here had joined the car pool before she left. Sad situation with Hamish… I guess you heard about poor Hamish. Mind you he'd …
"Yes," interrupted Fiona.
John frowned. "Why do you need a car pool?" he asked. "The school's only five hundred yards up the road. In the summer the kids could just walk there."
"Not that school, John." Linda McLean rolled her eyes. “We all support Junction Road School now. When the local ones closes we'll be able to apply for a proper bus service." She sighed. "Let's hope that happens before winter." 
"I see," John replied with an unusual coldness in his voice. "So you want us to bypass the local school for one a half hour's drive away?"
Linda McLean hesitated. "It's your decision, of course, but I need to tell you your oldest daughter in particular, won't like it at Long Valley School. She'd be the only pupil in Year 8 and the teacher there…" She shrugged, "Well, you know!"
"No I don't know, Mrs. McLean," John said. "Sure, I've heard a few rumours but I wish to form my own decision about the teacher and school and not depend on biased opinions. Wouldn't you agree?"
The woman flushed. "Of course," she muttered, “but if you want to send your girls over to Junction Road, I just wanted to let you know about the car pool."
*
"John," Fiona scolded after their neighbour had made a hasty departure. "You were almost rude to that woman. I know she gossips a little but she is a neighbour."
"The old bat," he retorted. "I can't stand those over bearing woman. If she spent her time getting fit and losing weight instead of gossiping she'd be better off. Damned if I'm going to bypass the local school because she had a difference of opinion with the teacher." 
"I heard two views," Fiona added. "Half the valley supports Kylena and half are trying to have the school closed down under her."
"Kylena?"
"Kylena Delton, the principal and only teacher at Long Valley School. I heard there would be only twelve children enrolled this coming term compared with twenty three last year."
"Oh, how come?" In spite of himself, John was interested.
"Three went off to high school and four families are sending their kids to Junction Road. Two other families already shifted across a few months back. One was the McLean family."
"And you know why, don't you Fiona?" John said and grinned. His mother-in-law was as good as anybody at picking up the local gossip.
"Not really," she replied. "There was a big bust up last year. The locals reckoned Miss Delton wasn't teaching their kids very well. Also there was a big lout of a boy who tried to run the show and the teacher put him on a three-day suspension over something. Unfortunately, he was the Board of Trustees chairman's son and the father didn't appreciate his son being reprimanded. He resigned from the board and withdrew his three children." She grinned. "The boy responsible for all the trouble is off to some snobby boarding school this year."
"Sounds like home," John chuckled and glanced up. "Tell me, is this Miss Delton back in the school house yet?"
"School starts the last Monday in January. I've heard she'll be back next Wednesday."
"And you said Linda McLean gossips." John laughed. "How did you find out so much in such a short time?"
Fiona grinned. "The Country Women's Institute had a meeting in the local hall yesterday and invited me along. I think everyone wanted to know about the Yanks who bought the Newson property. The fact you paid cash for the place made a few eyebrows rise."
"So we have the snobs here, too?" 
"Most of them are pleasant and couldn't be friendlier," Fiona retorted. "
*
It was the following Thursday morning when John and the girls arrived at Long Valley Road School in the ancient Land Rover. Bella, the farm's bearded collie and already a family pet, sat at the rear barking.
John had originally intended calling at the adjacent schoolhouse but noticed the school windows and doors were open so drove up to the school instead. It consisted of two old classrooms that had been modernized with large windows added along the front, several small outbuildings, a tennis court, field and a swimming pool behind a tin fence in the corner. Neatly cut lawns and a flower garden completed the scene. 
"You stay here girls," he said. "I'll see who's there and come back and get you." 
"Sure, Dad," Julie replied. She grinned at Helen and reached back to pat the dog. 
John walked through the open door that led directly into one classroom and gave a mental gasp. The room was covered in bright pictures, paintings, children's work and colourful charts that stretched up to the ceiling. As well, several mobiles of fish, obviously the children's work, hung suspended from the ceiling. Under the far windows was a sink unit with containers of paint and other art gear arranged in plastic trays and glass bottles.
John stepped further in but found the room empty. Twenty or more children's desks were arranged in three groups with smaller ones on the left and large ones at the back. Two computers sat along another wall behind a teacher's desk. In the far corner, a wood burner stood with a stainless steel chimney that reached up through the sloped ceiling.
The whole place smelt of cleanliness and furniture polish and gave John an immediate sense of security. "Hello!" he called in a quiet voice. "Is anyone here?"
An inside door opened and a young woman with an expectant look in her eyes appeared with a cloth in her hand. John smiled and studied the new arrival. She was of average height and weight, wore shorts and brief top and was bare footed. Her long blonde hair was tied back in a ponytail. 
"I'm sorry," she gasped in her soft New Zealand accent. John noticed an apprehensive twitch of the chin. "I wasn't expecting anybody."
"Miss Delton?" John asked.
"Yes," she replied but didn't relax.
“I'm John Berg and have come to enrol my two daughters. I guess you can tell we're American but we have a residency permit and our girls are allowed to attend a local school."
"You want to send your children here?" the teacher replied almost as if she didn't believe what she was hearing.
"Sure, why not?" John answered.
The woman broke into a smile, stepped forward and held out her hand. "Call me Kylena," she said. Her handshake was firm and, when the apprehension disappeared, she looked a very attractive person. "I heard you had arrived in the district but thought Linda McLean would have called on you."
"Oh she did," John chuckled, "However, I'm a person who is prepared to make my own mind up about situations." He swung his hand out and glanced around the room. "So far, I am impressed. American schools would never have this amount of displayed work on their walls."
Kylena flushed and bit on her lower lip. "I do my best," she muttered and blue eyes caught John's for a second before dropping. "That's all one can do." She was about to add something but hesitated and walked over to her desk. "You have two daughters, is that right?"
"Yes, Julie's twelve and was in Grade 7 home. I heard that is Year 8. Helen's our after thought. She's six, that is Year 2 here, I believe."
"And you know there are no other older pupils on the roll?" The doubt crept in the woman's voice again. "Our oldest are two ten year old boys in Year 6." She shrugged. "There were four in the senior classes but they are going to Junction Road this year." 
" I heard," John answered. "The girls and I talked it over and see no reason why we shouldn't come here. After all, why go ten miles when you're only a few yards up the road. We're your closest farm." He coughed. "I've got the girls' last school report papers here and the immigration documents," John added. " They're out in the Land Rover now."
"Then bring them in." Kylena's eyes warmed. "I'd like to meet them." 
Julie and Helen appeared looking quite shy but responded well when Miss Delton chatted away, showed them the desks and other items around.
"Are you on the Internet, Miss Delton?" Helen asked as she lifted a computer mouse into her hand.
"We are," the teacher said. "Everyone has a turn and we get some of our work from Massey University in Palmerston North." She glanced at John. "We've joined a rural technology group and student teachers visit us to follow up programs that come in from their web site. So even though Julie will be the only Year 8 she will have contact with other pupils her age in twenty or more rural schools right throughout the country." She sounded enthusiastic. "A school in Victoria, Australia is even linked in with us."
"That's great!" Julie said. 
"I'm sure you'll enjoy it." Kylena Delton replied. Her face, though, clouded over and the blue eyes looked again into John's. "That was one thing the locals objected about."
'Using modern methods?"
"A waste of money playing around on computers instead of getting stuck into reading and writing stories," Kylena mimicked. She frowned and stopped as if she had said too much. “I’m sorry," she continued. "I must remain neutral."
"And the customer is always right." John laughed.
"Exactly." The teacher and coughed in embarrassment. "Anyhow, thank you for coming along. School starts a nine o'clock on Tuesday. See you girls then… Oh yes, I almost forgot," She reached across, took two sheets from a drawer and handed one to each of the girls. John was impressed how she always drew the girls into their conversation. "Here's book list of this year's new exercise books. You can buy them in town or from the school. We have a discounted price but are not as cheap as in the big stores in Palmerston North, I'm afraid."
Julie read hers and grinned. "Can we buy them now, Dad," she asked and Helen echoed her request.
"We may need to come back later," John cautioned, “My money's at home." 
"That's okay," Kylena replied. "Nobody has cash around here. I just have an account for each family." 
*
Twenty minutes later the Berg girls tumbled into the Land Rover with an armful of exercise books, pens, pencils, folders and other paraphernalia. They wanted everything on their lists and John was too kind-hearted to point out they already had many of the items at home.
"I like Miss Delton, Daddy," Helen piped up. “Why are people like Mrs. McLean so mean to her?"
"They're just idiots," Julie retorted.
John chuckled. When one is twelve, everything is black or white. He swung the Land Rover around, almost drove down the wrong side of the road until Bella decided to bark and jogged his memory. He was also impressed by the young teacher they'd just spoken to and was sure he'd made the right decision to enrol the girls at Long Valley Road School. 
*
In was noon on the penultimate Friday in January when John walked into the house. Reid and himself had spent the morning using an old three ton Bedford truck, another vehicle inherited with the farm, to transport hay bales to the hay shed to be unloaded and stacked. It was heavy, prickly work.
"Telephone for you, John," Fiona said and handed him the mobile receiver. "She sounds a real honey."
John screwed his nose up and spoke into the instrument. "John Berg speaking."
"Hello John," a distressed female voice came through from the other end of the line. "This is Kylena Delton speaking. I'm sorry to interrupt you, as I know you're in the middle of haymaking. I wouldn't but…" The voice broke into a tiny sniff.
"What's wrong, Kylena?" John asked. His face furrowed into a frown.
"A man from the Ministry Of Education is here and the locals are having a vote on whether to close the school or not. I wondered if you'd come to the meeting. I know you've just arrived but your children are officially on the roll and…"
"Of course I'll come," John answered. "When and where is it?'
"That's the trouble," the young woman replied. "The Board of Trustees and other locals went behind my back and arranged the meeting. It's on at the school right now. Frank Amberley, one of the few who has remained loyal, phoned a few hours ago to check that all was set up for the meeting. He was as annoyed as me when I told him I had heard nothing about it. I've been phoning my supporters."
"I'll be there," John replied, his voice determined.
"Oh thank you," the relieved voice replied. "It's called a householder's meeting and all residents, parents and caregivers can vote; not just the board." The voice broke again. "I shouldn't be asking you but I think they'll have the numbers for a simple majority. At this stage, that is all they need to close the school down. We went through all the preliminaries last year." 
"Give me twenty minutes, "John snapped and clicked the off button.
His eyes looked annoyed as he stared at his mother-in-law and repeated the news.
"That's outright cowardly," Fiona responded. "I bet at this time of the year they hoped to catch all Kylena's supporters unaware." 
"No doubt," John retorted. "Look, I'll have a shower and head out."
"I'm coming too," Fiona replied, "and why not ask Reid? He's a resident."
"I'll do that," John answered. "The girls are swimming. Wrap them in a towel and say they can continue their swim in the school pool."
Twenty-five minutes later the family arrived at Long Valley School to find a line of vehicles, including a large black limousine, parked outside. They dispatched the girls to the swimming pool where other children were swimming and entered the classroom.
A hush settled over the interior and all eyes turned as the three walked in and stood behind the small crowd seated in the tiny pupils' chairs.
The six foot American, dressed in khaki shorts, tartan shirt and work boots, took off his wide brimmed hat and glowered at the two men dressed in a dark suits behind Kylena's desk.
"Name's John Berg, from Top Oasis Farm and my daughters will be attending this school, " he said. His icy accent cut through the air like an arrow while his eyes travelled across the room. "This lady beside me is my mother-in- law, Mrs. Fiona Reynolds and I'm sure you know the manager of our property, Mr. Reid Platters." He held out a chair for Fiona to sit down and swung his tall frame into another one while Reid, with a slight grin on his face, also found a seat.
One man behind the desk blinked and turned to the school principal sitting beside him. She looked nervous and pale in her formal gray suit." Are the Berg children on the school roll, Miss Delton?" he asked.
"They are, Mr. Finlayson," she replied in a whisper.
"I see," the man replied and glanced out at John, “And your mother-in-law is an official caregiver, Mr. Berg?"
"Yes," John nodded. "Fiona is my late wife's mother who has accompanied me to New Zealand to help bring up my daughters.”
"They're Americans, foreigners!" snapped a male voice from the front row. 
"We have a residency permit," John replied. "As a parent of pupils enrolled at this school, I believe I have full voting rights."
"And I am a resident living in the valley," Reid added in a quiet voice. "My voting rights are as valid as half the people in this room."
Mr. Finlayson took a thick green book from a satchel on the floor, glanced down the index and flicked back some pages. He read silently for a moment and glanced up. "You all have voting rights at this householder's meeting," he proclaimed. "I can read the exact sub-clause out if the floor desires."
"Forget it!" the same angry male voice snapped.
"We shall continue, then," the second man behind the desk began. "For the sake of the new arrivals, I shall reread the motion. As you know, it has already been seconded and is now ready for the vote. The motion, with all the amendments taken into account states, ‘The Board of Trustees of Long Valley School agrees that the aforesaid school shall be officially closed as from this date and amalgamated onto Junction Road School in time for the commencement of the official school year. If this motion is passed, a postal vote of local residents shall be held to elect two Board of Trustees members to represent the valley residents on the amalgamated school's Board of Trustees. Also, if this motion is passed, Miss Kylena Delton will be entitled to full redundancy rights of two term's salary and assistance to procure a new position of a comparable grade to the one she is now holding." The man looked directly at John. "The Junction Road School householders recently voted in favour of this amalgamation onto the Junction Road School site."
John nodded but remained grim.
"All those in favour a say aye."
A chorus of ayes filled the room.
"Against?"
 An equally loud response filled the room. 
"We shall have a show of hands," the chairperson announced.
Grim silenced filled the room as the raised hands were counted. There were fourteen for and sixteen against the motion.
"I declare the motion lost," the man declared.
The room immediately erupted into a burst of voices, cheers, grumbles and a splattering of applause. Everyone, it seemed wanted to state his or her opinion.
 But not everyone!
 Kylena sat with a small smile on her lips until her eyes found John's. "Thank you," she mouthed.
"Well, I'm resigning from the board." A man in the front row stood up and snorted. It was the same person who had called out earlier. "Who else is coming with me?"
A woman stood up. "I will, Kelvin." 
"Anyone else?" Kelvin snapped. 
The room was quiet until another farmer stood up. He was tanned and also dressed in shorts and working clothes as if he'd only arrived off the farm. "I'm staying on," he said quietly and sat down.
A woman with a nervous frown stood and announced she would also remain on the Board of Trustees.
"Have it your own way," Kelvin what-ever-his-name-was snapped in uncontrolled fury and stalked out of the room.
When the rumble of voices subsided, John stood up. "'Mr. Chairman, may I ask what happens now?” he asked.
Mr. Finlayson, who was obviously the Ministry representative, replied. "The school remains open, Mr. Berg but with a resignation last year and today's two resignations, we need three new representatives voted onto the Board of Trustees. If we cannot find that number the it will be dissolved and replaced by a commissioner appointed by the Ministry to govern the school."
"Thank you … and Miss Delton's position?" John continued.
"It is secure," Finlayson announced.
"Let's vote for new BOT members now," someone called out. "Surely we can get three to stand so we can continue to function."
*
John, Fiona and Janet Amberley, wife of the board member who had earlier phoned Kylena, were elected.
"Well," Mr. Finlayson said at the conclusion. "Unless the Long Valley School roll drops below ten pupils, there is no reason why it cannot remain open in the foreseeable future."
The meeting broke up with the two distinct groups hiving off in different directions. John, Fiona and Reid walked out into the afternoon sunshine and walked over to the swimming pool. 
Julie rushed up, all wet with water pouring off her body and hair. "What happened, Daddy?" she panted forgetting to call her father 'Dad'.
"The school remains open and Miss Delton will be your teacher." John smiled at his daughter. "Your Grandma and I are on the Board of Trustees." 
Julie broke into a smile. "I'm glad she won and I'm going to tell her."
Not caring that she was wet and in a bikini she ran through the adults to find her new teacher.
"John," gasped Fiona. "She a mature girl, hardly dressed. What will everyone say?"
"Don't worry, Grandma," John laughed. "I'm sure nobody will care. It is, after all, a hot summer's day." 
"If you say so, John," Fiona muttered but looked unconvinced.
*

CHAPTER 3
After the meeting several of the locals who supported Kylena stayed made themselves known to John and Fiona while Julie retreated to the swimming pool to find Helen. John was about to head back home when Kylena approached him.
"John," she said in a quite voice. "How can I ever thank you? Without your three votes we would have lost and I'd be out of a job."
"I didn't like the hypocrisy of the whole meeting." He grinned and wiped a hand across his sunburned brow.
" I also had ulterior motives."
"You did?"
"Yes. The thought of carting the kids ten miles over a windy road every day when they could just walk down the road was enough to motivate anyone. I reckon I would have been the one doing the trip twice a day. Fiona flatly refuses to drive on these narrow gravel roads."
"You could have joined Linda's car pool." Kylena said with a laugh. 
"And end up taking her screaming little brats every alternate week. No thanks."
"Oh John." Kylena brushed his arm with her hand and her blue eyes twinkled. "They are a bit spoilt, aren't they? Mind you, away from their mother they're quite nice kids."
John coughed and glanced down at her. My God, she was a good looker. "Well, I'd better get back to the hay," he muttered. "There's another field with the bales waiting to be brought in."
"Yes," Kylena replied and glanced to the northwest where dark clouds were building up. "It'll be raining by six."
"So you know the local weather?"
"I do. Do you need a hand?"
"You mean with the hay? It's heavy work, you know."
"I was brought up on a farm. I could drive a truck or tractor for you." 
"Haven't you enough work here at school?" John gave a half-hearted protest.
"There's always school work but if a thundershower arrives on your hay…" Kylena fixed John with a wide gaze. "Look, I'll get into some old clothes."
John watched her walk away and grinned to himself. It had been an unusual day that had shown the type of people his neighbours were. Half way across the world and they were the same as at home. He could imagine a similar situation happening at the elementary school Helen attended the previous year. He remembered one major controversy when a parent had complained about her children being mistreated. She was a pain in the butt, too. It was ironical how the worse parents were the ones so quick to condemn others.
"I told you she was a honey," Fiona interrupted. "There's more to that girl than a pretty face. I'd say she's got a streak of determination that will take her a long way."
"Could be, Fiona," John replied. “Give the girls a yell, will you? We'd better head home." 
They were back in the Land Rover when Kylena, now dressed in a light sweater and jeans came running out, opened the rear door and jumped in beside Julie. 
*
If anything, Kylena was better at driving the old truck than John and with both men at the back stacking the bales her presence sped everything up considerably. The spiky grass smelt that unique hot dry aroma of the outdoors while the sun still shone below a bank of black thunderclouds. Helen sat in the truck cab with Kylena and talked incessantly as they crawled around the paddock. After talking about their old home, the journey out, what she thought of New Zealand and all the other items six year olds are interested in, the conversation turned to Helen's family.
"And why isn't your mummy with you?" the teacher asked in a casual voice as she sped up and headed for the farm track with the tray loaded with swaying bales.
"Mommy got a lump and died," Helen replied in a frank but sad voice. “Poor Mommy got real skinny at the end. Daddy cried when she died and so did Julie and me."
"I'm sorry, Helen," Kylena replied. "I didn't realize your mummy had died."
"That's okay," Helen chirped up. "We promised Mommy we'd still come here and Grandma came too. " She pouted. "I love Grandma. Mommy got grumpy when she was sick but Daddy said it was the pain that made her that way, not the real mommy inside."
"I think your daddy was right" Kylena replied. Her eyes caught a view of John following the truck on his farm bike and she nodded in compassion. "Your Daddy's a good man."
John came up to the window and grinned into her eyes. “So you still have Helen with you?" He chuckled. "Talking her head off, as usual?"
"She's great company," Kylena responded. "Julie went off to help her grandma cook some muffins for afternoon tea but Helen stayed with me."
"I don't talk too much, Daddy," Helen retorted. "Anyhow, Miss Delton likes talking. She wouldn't be a teacher, otherwise."
John's eyes meet Kylena's and they both laughed.
"Two more loads should do it," John added. "And you were right. That rain is not far away." He wiped a sweaty handkerchief over his brow. "We're twice as fast with your help."
"Yes but without that stupid meeting you would have had it done by now."
"I guess it’s good to have it behind you, though."
"It is," Kylena admitted. "I worried about it all holidays and almost never came back to the valley. When one's health is affected by the job it's not really worth the effort."
"Well, you did return and I'm glad." John's voice turned serious. "It would have been a damn shame if they'd closed our wonderful little school. It happened at home. They closed all the small schools and consolidated onto the towns. Once the schools were gone many little districts just disappeared, all absorbed into bigger impersonal conglomerates. That's one reason we came here. The farms around us were not viable any more and only the land was valuable. Our ranch was sold to a developer and will be filled with houses and shopping malls within a year."
"It's hard to imagine from out here," Kylena replied. "I love the country, too. Two years at city schools was enough for me. I thought it would be like the country school I attended at primary school but…" She shrugged. "I guess you can't change people. They can be so conservative out here in the country. As a child, you don't realize."
"I know, but don't worry. I reckon you're better off without those rednecks around."
"Yeah, and a big American riding in to the rescue." Kylena laughed. "God, I'll never forget everyone's faces when you three walked in the door. They'd added their figures up and knew they had the numbers then, not one, but three of you arrived." 
"Like John Wayne," John laughed. He pulled his hat down over his eyes and stared straight ahead. "We'll head 'em off at the pass," he drawled in a perfect imitation of the actor.
"Oh Daddy," Helen cut in. "You're so funny."
*
By six-thirty, the clouds had blotted out the sun, drips landed on the parched landscape and a pungent fragrance of hot damp grass filled the air. Almost to the minute the teacher predicted the storm arrived. Fork lightning flashed against the inky sky, thunder rumbled through the hills and within seconds, the plopping drops changed to torrential rainfall that swept across Top Oasis from the northwest. 
But the hay was in. Kylena helped John and Reid cover the exposed side of the hay shed with a massive tarpaulin before the three, followed by a bubbly Helen, dashed through the downpour into a different aroma, that of cooking.
"We've got scones and muffins," Julie called out from the huge oven. "Grandma got the recipes from the ladies at the Country Women's Institute.” She placed her hands on her hips and glowered at the workers. "And don't you wet people come in here getting water everywhere. I'll go and get you some towels."
"Bossy bit, isn't she?" John said after Julie disappeared through the door.
"But that food smells delicious," Reid added. 
"And the coffee, too." Kylena added. She swished back her wet hair and smiled at John, a full smile that showed a row of white teeth and reached her blue eyes.
John grinned as a whiff of perfume reached his nostrils. He felt strange inside as an emotion, not felt for years, surged through his body; that feeling of hope and joy all rolled into one. 
"Don't worry about Julie." His voice came out as a hoarse grunt. " Come in and sit yourselves down." 
His eyes, though, were firmly fixed on the young schoolteacher a few steps away. It had been a fateful day in more ways than one. 
*
"Grandma," screamed Julie as she ran down the stairs for the second time. "Shall I wear my shorts or a skirt?"
It was seven-thirty on the first morning of the term. Helen wandered out of the upstairs bathroom with a smirk on her face. "I'm wearing my pink shorts. Everyone wears shorts to school, here."
"And how do you know, Miss Know-it-all?"
It was now Helen's turn to scream, "Daddy, Julie's being mean to me." 
John sat at the kitchen table and grinned at his mother-in-law. "You deal with them before a civil war begins. They've been like this for two days now. I swear if school didn't start today, I'd go and open it myself, throw the kids in and leave them there."
"Grandma!"
"Coming Sweetheart."
"What shall I wear?" Julie moaned. "Do my clothes look funny? They're different than the New Zealand ones. I wish I'd bought some more when we were in town."
"You look just fine Sweetheart. It's going to be a hot day so I'd just wear shorts if I was you," Fiona said.
"But Grandma, what if the other girls wear skirts?"
"Well wear both. Wrap your skirt around your shorts and later you can take your skirt off if you want to."
"That's a good idea. Can I do it, Grandma?" Helen joined in.
"Copy cat," retorted Julie and disappeared into her room.
After shoving in breakfast the pair headed out the door a little after eight and insisted on being driven in the Fairmont, not the old Land Rover. John shrugged at Fiona and headed out. 
A couple of cars were already at the school and a handful of children were playing around when they arrived. 
Julie stared nervously out the windshield and back to her father. "I'm nervous, Dad," she whispered. "It's so different."
"You'll be fine, Julie. You know Miss Delton and half the children already."
"I guess," Julie said and glowered at her little sister who sat between them, cool and confident. John grinned again. He'd expected Helen to be the timid one. "They'll say I talk funny… Are you sure my clothes are okay?"
"Look at it this way Sweetheart," John said as swung the car onto the grass verged. "You'll be the biggest one here. Everyone will be worried about what you are like." 
Julie broke into a grin. "You're right, Dad. I never thought of that."
She grabbed her new backpack and disappeared with a quick wave. Helen cuddled into her father, kissed him and followed.
*
Just inside the gate Julie heard her name being called and turned to see a chubby, dark haired girl about her own age standing by the hedge.
"Hi Julie, I'm Melanie Blackburn. When we heard you were coming to school, Mum said I could come back here instead of going to Junction Road." the girl said. " I'm in Year 7. Say, I love your top and skirt. Did you bring them from America with you?"
"These old things," Julie replied and brushed her skirt down. "I think they were."
"I love your accent," Melanie added. "You sound just like those stars on T.V. "
"Do I? Thanks, Melanie. I'm sure glad you're here. I thought I'd be the only senior."
"Miss Denton's a great teacher," Melanie continued as they continued up the path. "I didn't want to change schools but Mum reckoned I needed other people my own age.” She turned to the six year old tagging on. "Hi, you must be Helen," she said." My little brother Brad is in your class. He's over there on the climbing frames."
"Hi Melanie," Helen responded and smiled up at the older girl.
*
At nine the bell rang, the sixteen children welcomed the two new pupils into their clan and the school year began. Julie relaxed and stared around. There was no flag in the room; no formal declaration of allegiance and the only announcements was a brief welcome to the newcomers.
"Come on," Melanie said after everyone settled down to work. "Miss Delton always takes reading with the little ones, first thing. We usually have three projects going. It's all set out on these charts. "
"Three?" Julie responded.
"Yes, language, math and theme. Theme is science, social studies or technology. Every three weeks it changes." She giggled. "Last year, I did most of my work at home. Poor Miss Delton had these horrible Year 7 and 8 boys to deal with all the time. They did what she said, though, especially after she stopped them participating in the interschool sports as a punishment. I remember the time when …"
"Melanie," Miss Delton's quiet voice came across the room. "I asked you to show Julie our program."
"Sorry, Miss Delton." The girl flushed and grinned at Julie. "We have work set for us and can do it in any order. I usually do math first. At quarter to ten, Miss Delton spends time with us so if you don't understand anything…" Her voice drifted on.
Across the room, Helen was reading to her teacher.
"Goodness, you are a good reader, Helen," the teacher said after listening to three extracts from an informal reading test. "I was going to put you on the blue books but you can go in the purple group with Gary, Len and Susan."
"Can I, Miss Delton?" Helen's eyes lit up. The others were Year 3 children.
*
"Fiona," John shouted in the kitchen door. "I'm taking the truck down to Marton to pick up the fence posts and gates, I ordered. Do you want to come?" Marton was a small service town an hour's drive away.
"No thanks," the voice came back. "I'm tidying the girls' rooms. There's a list of food I need on the bench. Could you drop into a market?" 
"Sure," John replied, grabbed the note and wandered out to the truck.
The faded red Bedford was thirty or more years old, covered in grim and cobwebs and had a dent along the passenger door. The wooden tray, though, was tidy after being swept down after the haymaking. John opened the door, realized he'd walked to the passenger's side and slid across behind the steering wheel. 
"I'll never get used to it being on the wrong side," he muttered to himself as he used his left hand to change gears and headed down the drive.
*
The incident happened on one of the narrowest sections of the road and even though John was travelling in low gear he was still caught unaware. A couple of dozen large black beef cattle blocked the road.
John braked, there was a violent bang and one of the cattle lurched away. John sat shaken but was sure the beast had crashed into his truck, not the other way around.
"What the bloody hell do you think you're doing?" 
Angry words filled the air and John saw a red-faced man in black singlet, shorts and gumboots, as locals called the tall rubber boots New Zealand farmers wore, standing beside a four-wheeled farm bike. He frowned when he recognized the farmer. It was that Kelvin guy who'd walked out when the motion to close the school was lost.
The man swore at two black dogs sitting in a box tied to the carrier of the bike. "Get the hell back, you mangy mutts," he screamed and swung an arm out. They leaped out and ran off to try to catch the animals that had run in every direction. He whistled and cursed a few moments while the dogs did their work, before turning his attention back to the driver who had wound the cab window down and was peering out.
"You just about killed one of my beasts you stupid bugger," the man roared and banged a fist on the truck's side.
John stared in amazement. It was only a slight accident, as far as he could tell the beast was not hurt and the others were, at that moment, being gathered up by the dogs. “There’s no harm done buddy," he retorted. Normally he would have apologized but the irate guy annoyed him.
"Oh, it's you," the man growled. An unshaven face and watery eyes glared in the cab. "If you can't drive properly, stay off the bloody road. You're lucky you didn't kill my beast."
"Calm down," John retorted. "There was no harm done. Anyhow, you could have had your farm bike at the front to warn me cattle were coming"
This seemed to infuriate the man more. "Don't you bloody tell me what to do! I've been driving cattle through here for twenty years now and you bastards with the big money come in and think you own the place."
"I do," John replied in a quiet voice.
"What?" 
"Own the place.” John replied. "At least the property beyond that fence your cattle are trying to jump."
"Real smart arse aren't you?" the man swore without any relapse in his temper. "I advise you…"
But John had had enough of this foul-mouthed farmer. With his own eyes blazing, he shoved the truck door open, swung himself out of the cab and landed on the grass verge beside the man. He towered above the irate farmer and one muscular arm was clenched in a fist almost as large as a plate. "What do you advice, Kelvin?" he hissed through his teeth.
The man swallowed and stepped back with his hand held up. "Okay, mate," he whispered. "As you said, there was no harm done. It doesn't pay to frighten these beasts, that's all."
John glared at the man. "We're neighbours and it has always been my philosophy to get on with my neighbours but it's a two way street, pal," His eyes bore down at the man. “I did not purposely frighten your animals and do not appreciate your foul-mouthed language. Get it?" he gave the man a rough push on the shoulder.
"Right, mate. No harm done." Kelvin cowered back.
"Then think twice before you go off the deep end, next time," 
The American swung himself back into the Bedford, crunched into gear and drove off. He'd calmed down by the time he'd reached the top of the hill and thoughts, for no apparent reason, turned to Kylena. My God, if that guy's son was as bad tempered as he was it would have been no fun trying to teach the kid. From what he'd heard, the son was a Year 8 like Julie. Thank God he’d been shifted to the other school. They were welcome to him.
*
School finished for the day at three and by three thirty, Julie and Helen who'd walked home, bounded in to where Fiona had some cookies and two cans of coke waiting.
"Grandma," screamed Helen with her eyes like saucers. You know what? I'm in the purple reading group, we went swimming, I got my spelling almost all right," She screwed her nose up. "Except for colour that they stick a "u" in and …"
"Whoa, slow down, Sweetheart. So it was a nice day?"
"There's another senior girl called Melanie," Julie interrupted with her voice as excited as her sister's. "I thought the work would be too easy but the math was real hard, something about graphing algebraic equations. I've never done it before but Miss Delton explained it all and there was a CD-Rom with it all on that I went though. I've got oodles of homework. We're doing a theme on United States history." She grinned. "I'm pretty sure Miss Delton purposely picked it for me but she had stacks of library books on the topic and even gave me a web site to look up."
"So you like your new school?"
"Love it," Helen almost shouted. "You know, we had two swims, a school one with lessons and a fun one at lunch time?"
"And I've come home for my tennis racket," Julie continued. " Melanie's coming back at four. We're having a game of tennis then a swim. I met her mom and she invited me up sometime."
"And did you meet any friends, Helen?"
"Lots, Grandma. There are six in my class. It's the biggest in the school. Four girls and two boys."
"Where's Dad?" Julie just realized her grandmother had been alone when they had arrived.
"He went to pick up a load of fence posts and gates from Marton. He'll be back soon."
"Great," Julie laughed, grabbed a cookie and tore upstairs to find her tennis racket.
There was a sound of a vehicle outside and the Bedford, piled high with fencing gear, rumbled in. The girls rushed outside to repeat their news with John.
"I bought you both something," John said after patiently listening to the reports on their day. 
He handed them a plastic bag each that they opened to find massive beach towels. Julie's showed a youth riding a surf board while Helen's had a massive smiling fish. Julie held her one out and gazed at her father.
"I love you Dad," she said in a serious voice and slipped her arms around him.
"Me too," bubbled Helen and waited to be lifted, one handed, up onto her father's shoulders. 
*

CHAPTER 4
In contrast to the previous confrontation, the first Board of Trustees meeting of the year was relaxed and friendly. It was also where John caught up with the history of the local people. Apparently the Newson family was an extended family who owned most of the properties in the valley. The previous owner of Top Oasis was a brother to the hothead Kelvin and there were two other brothers, one who had also shifted his children to the other school. Linda McLean was their sister.
After the members drifted away at the end of the meeting, only John and Fiona were left with the teachers. Courtney O'Reilly, the school's part time teacher and office assistant was staff representative on the board.
"I'm a bit of everything," the older motherly type laughed after the meeting as she sipped from a mug of coffee. "I'm a trained teacher and take the children half a day a week while Kylena does administration work. I'm in the office the rest of the time."
 "I don't know what I'd do without her," Kylena added.
"Go on with you!" Courtney replied. She turned to John. "I live in Hunterville so stayed clear of the infighting up here."
"And kept me sane last year," Kylena added. The words were in jest but John could see seriousness in the teacher's eyes.
"So what's the problem with the Newson clan?" Fiona probed.
Courtney replied, "The Newsons are slobs. Education, in their eyes is okay for the boys until they can come back to work on the farm but a waste of time for girls. Kylena arrived, keen as mustard with progressive modern ideas who encouraged the girls as well as the boys."
Fiona ignored John's scowl and continued to probe. "If they don't like educated women, how come Kylena was selected as principal in the first place?" she asked.
Courtney laughed and managed to avoid the teacher's self-conscious flush. "No men applied for the job and she was the best looker. They expected a dumb blonde they could control but found a determined, conscientious teacher who wanted to teach the children, instead."
"Courtney, shut up!" Kylena, now bright red, retorted.
"Well it's true. I was here with, Peter, your predecessor. He played rugby, drank with the boys, but was as lazy as hell and got a short shift by the ERO team."
"ERO?" John queried.
"Education Review Office. They inspect the schools every three years or so. I know Peter was told to buck up or ship out." She grinned. "So he did. I think he's selling insurance now."
"But he was the sort the locals wanted?" John said.
"The Newsons anyway. There were rumblings from others, though but that family held sway over everyone."
"But not any more," Fiona added, "We arrived and bought the largest property in the valley. That must be a sock in the eye for them.”
"You could say that." Courtney laughed.
John glanced up and caught Kylena's eyes. They were such an intense blue. She noticed his gaze, relaxed and smiled back.
"And yourself, John?" Courtney cut in.
"Similar. I had to buy my brother out of our family ranch back home but the main reason for shifting here was life style, I guess. Economics, too. A farm like Top Oasis would be double or treble the price in The States and be either semi-desert or in the mountains of Montana, miles from anywhere. Anne, that's my late wife, and I visited New Zealand on a vacation a few years back and were impressed by the farms and prices." He smiled back at Kylena. "It took six years for our dream to eventuate."
"But Anne never made it," Courtney said.
"No," John replied. "But the rest of us decided to come, anyway."
"I'm glad," Kylena cut in.
The chat turned to other topics for a few minutes before Courtney excused herself and headed for the door. Fiona stood, muttered it was a lovely evening to walk home and John found himself alone with Kylena.
"Courtney's a real friend but is inclined to rattle on," the young woman said.
"I like her," John replied. He hesitated, tried to think what to say next and switched the conversation to a neutral topic. "Can you show me the toilet block where that problem mentioned at the meeting is?" he asked. One of his board responsibilities was maintenance and property manager.
"Sure," Kylena replied. "Come on through."
"It's nothing too serious," he said after he'd inspected the blocked toilet. “I’ll come up tomorrow and see what I can do. It's stupid to pay for a plumber to come all the way out here."
They walked outside and John lingered while Kylena locked up. Under the full moon it was so peaceful. A slight breeze sighed through the trees and insects chirped in the darkness.
"I'll walk you home," he stumbled when she reappeared. His tongue felt thick in his mouth.
The schoolhouse was only through a hedge but Kylena didn't object. When she walked in front of him John realized she seemed so feminine in her neat skirt, frilly blouse and with hair was brushed out over her shoulders and not in the usual ponytail. Once again, John felt that strange stirring inside. He gave a nervousness chuckle and Kylena glanced back so her eyes shone in the moonlight. 
"What's the joke?" she asked in soft voice.
"Oh, nothing really," John replied. "Chirping crickets, full moon and you beside me. I'm just dreaming, that’s all."
They walked on in silence, through a tiny gate where a security light at the corner of the house flickered on. Stupid man. Why did he have to babble out and make a fool of himself?
At the back door, Kylena turned and glanced into his eyes. "We're allowed to have dreams, John," she whispered then, without warning, stood on tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you," she added and stepped through her door. "See you tomorrow."
The door closed with a click and John stood back in surprise. Somehow, the moon seemed twice as large when he walked back to the Land Rover and swung into the driver's seat.
The voice that cut through the darkness made him leaped in fright. "Yes, a real honey," Fiona whispered.
"My God. Don't do that to me!" he gasped. 
"I didn't really want to walk home in the dark but knew you needed to be alone with Kylena for a while. Did it work out?"
"Don't be nosy," John responded but he smiled as they drove off. 
*
As is often the case, a ten-minute job took two hours and it was mid-afternoon on one of the hottest days of the summer. John, with sweat pouring off his back and down to work shorts and boots, glanced up from the trench he'd dug to see Kylena standing there with a smile on her face and a mug of coffee in her hand.
"I know a hot drink on a day like today seems ridiculous," she said and crouched down "You must be dehydrated." She gazed along the trench." You didn't have to do all this." 
John climbed out of the hole and stretched his back and grinned. "I know, but one thing led to another. I've found the trouble, though." He pointed to an inspection pipe with top section removed. "A tree root is blocking the pipe. I'll cut it out. "
"Well, have a break for a while."
"Oh I will," The farmer smiled, took the mug and sipped the hot liquid. "Where's the class? 
"On automatic time," she replied. "If I'm busy or a visitor calls in, the children are expected to keep working for ten minutes. If I'm still not back after that time the seniors look after the juniors. Julie is marvellous. The other day, I had one of those long phone calls and came back to find her reading a story to the little ones."
"Yes, she told me," John laughed and his eyes found hers. Last night's twinkle was still there. He coughed, diverted his eyes from her low cut blouse and finished his drink.
"I'd better get back," the teacher muttered. 
John swallowed. "Do you like live shows?" he mumbled.
"Yes, I do. Why?"
"There's one of those variety shows on in Marton on Saturday night. Fiona said she'd look after the kids and I thought that if you aren't doing anything. Well…" he stumbled along like a frustrated teenager.
"John," Kylena replied in a quiet voice. "I'd love to come with you." 
*
"You mean you're going to take Miss Delton out on a date?" Julie said that Saturday afternoon.
John frowned. “Do you object, Julie?" he replied with a tinge of anger in his voice.
His daughter gazed at him for a moment and shrugged. "Not, not really Dad but…"
"Go on!"
"Oh I don't know. It's just I though we had everything going so well now. Grandma's here, our farm is great, we're getting used to our new country. Why do you need more?"
"Oh Julie, my sweet," John replied in a low voice. "If you're worried I'm going to stop loving you, Helen and even Grandma because I'm taking a lady out for the evening, you can stop. Nobody will ever be replaced you. "
"I know that Dad," Julie's eyes looked round. "But with Miss Delton!"
"You like her don't you?"
"Of course, but…"
"But what, Julie?"
"She's too young, Dad," Julie burst out. "Why would she want to go out with an old man like you?"
John clamped his lips shut and rubbed a hand over his chin. "So it's not because she's your teacher?"
Julie screwed her nose up. "Partly, I guess. It seems wrong, somehow."
"Oh, Julie. I'm just taking her out to a variety concert, that's all. And as for me being too old, I guess if Miss Delton thought that she wouldn't have agreed to come with me. I'm not old as Grandma, you know."
"I didn't mean it that way, Dad. Tell me to mind my own business. I'm just being a silly little girl."
"No, that's fine," John replied and placed an arm around his daughter's shoulder. "I want you to talk about things. Often when it is about how we feel deep inside it's hard. Never feel afraid to discuss your thoughts."
Julie nodded. "Sure, Dad," she replied. “I felt jealous that you need someone else, that's all. I thought our family was all we needed. With Mom gone…" she flung he head back and glanced away. " Oh it doesn't matter."
"Say it," John urged. "Say what you think, my sweet."
Julie sniffed and swallowed hard.” When Mom died, everyone said all those great things about her but they weren't true. She was a witch, Daddy. I don't want our lives ruined by someone else acting like her."
John sighed. It was true. The last two years before Anne's death were difficult, to say the least. He had attempted to hide things from the children and thought he'd been successful. Obviously, Julie was more astute than he realized. "You remember Mom as she was at the end. When people get ill they change. That's all." He stumbled for words. How did one explain things to a twelve year old?
Julie smiled and swung around to kiss her father on the cheek. "You go out with Miss Delton and enjoy yourself, Dad. You know, I think she's lonely, too." She walked to the door but turned at the last moment and grinned back. "I'm not completely, dumb, Dad." 
*
"Oh, my God," Kylena chortled a few hours later when Julie's conversation came out during the ride home. “Teenagers seem to know everything today."
"I know," John replied." Without really thinking about it he slid his arm along the back of the seat.
Kylena noticed, smiled and wriggled across the tiny middle seat that had been pulled down. She leaned her head into John and the arm came down around her shoulders.
"John," she sighed and turned her head up slightly. It was a moonlit night, the road was deserted and the fragrance of her perfume filled the car. The kiss was spontaneous gentle and on the lips. Eyes met for a second before John had to switch his attention back to the road.
However, without a word he pulled into the next lay by and stopped.
"John!" Kylena pretended to protest but responded frantically as he leaned over and the next kiss became opened mouthed and frantic. 
"Oh my God!" John whispered when his tentative movement with his hand up to her breast was not hindered. In fact, the young woman, merely smiled and kissed him again as the zip behind her neck was pulled down and he glanced at the cleavage of her breasts hid only by a tiny cream bra.
"You devil, you!" Kylena sighed as warm fingers slipped the bra straps off her shoulders. Their petting became frantic. However, Kylena suddenly stopped and pulled back. She looked into his eyes, kissed him but pulled his hand away. "Not now, please John," she whispered.
John jerked back and flushed. "I'm sorry, Kylena," he stumbled. "What must you think?"
Kylena pulled her bra back up and re-zipped her dress before she replied. "I think I am honoured," She bit on her bottom lip. “Things are happening here. Wonderful things, John but could you be a little patient with me?"
"You don't mind?" the man replied with embarrassment still in his voice. Kylena eyes gazed through the semi-light and smiled. "Hell, no," she laughed, reached up and kissed him again.
John grinned, started the car and continued the journey home. 
At the schoolhouse, she smiled. "Come in for a cup of coffee," she whispered and grabbed his hand." However, that's it for this evening, young man. No more hanky panky."
*
Inside, Julie heard her father return and gazed at her bedside clock. "Three-twenty, Daddy," she whispered. Her mind was also in a turmoil and she did not know whether she should be happy, sad, annoyed or what? Instead she sighed, turned her pillow over, fluffed it up and closed her eyes. A moment later she heard footsteps beside her bed. She knew it was her father and pretended to be asleep.
"Night, princess," John said, placed something on the bedside cabinet and left the room. 
When he was gone, Julie listened to the slight click of Helen's door being opened before she sat up and switched on the flashlight she always kept under her pillow. On the cabinet was a bar of strawberry flavoured chocolate, her favourite."
"I love you, Daddy," she whispered and rolled over to go to sleep. 
  *
After that romantic date, Kylena became more and more a part Berg family's life and Fiona noticed how she purposely involved the girls whenever she was present. On weekend drives she always made the girls welcome and walks around the farm often saw her with Helen's rather than John's hand in hers.
A month slipped by with hardly a day when John didn't see Kylena at school or she’d discretely appear at the house to help do chores or spread her school planning work around the sitting room. Often, Helen would sit down beside her drawing pictures while Julie sat at the computer itself doing school assignments. 
When alone, John would brush Kylena's hair, place his hands on her waist and rub his chin on her neck or she'd give him a tiny tickle under the arm pits and this would turn into frantic and desperate petting sessions but always the young woman would stop before their love making became full intimacy.
John knew he loved Kylena and after the most recent rebuff his disappointment showed.
Kylena grabbed his hands and kissed his lips. "Patience, my sweet," she whispered. “It’s me, not you."
"But why?" he asked in an unusually blunt and hurt voice.
"Oh John," Kylena sighed. "I had a bad episode in my life and I'm afraid."
"Of me?" John muttered. "I would never hurt you.”
"No not you, my darling. Just the act," she whispered and a shudder went through her body. 
When John drew her in close he found her physically shaking. He kissed her on the cheek and stroked her long blonde hair. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "Whatever it is, remember I'm here if you want to talk. Until then, I can wait." 
Kylena nodded, buried her face in his neck gave her lover in a massive embrace and flicked an unseen tear from her eyes. "One day it will happen, my sweet," she whispered. 
*
John was about to head up the back of the farm one sunny morning when a Land Cruiser drove in and Kelvin Newson's grizzled face appeared. His relationship with his neighbour had moved from hostility to a grudging acceptance of each other. John frowned.
This morning, Kelvin seemed friendly enough but the reason for his visit did not become apparent for quite a while.
"I was wondering if you could help us out." The farmer hesitated. "You see when my brother owned this property we worked together so I never bothered to build my own track up to the top plateau."
"Go on,” John replied.
"Well, I've sold off the plantation and the contractors need to get their trucks in to remove the logs." Newson rolled himself a cigarette and turned a bleary eye across towards John. It was funny how the man always seemed to have two days growth of whiskers on his crinkled face.
The hillside adjacent to Top Oasis and directly opposite the school was covered in mature pine trees that stretched from a four hundred metre road frontage straight up to the top plateau on Kelvin's side of the boundary. The rumour around was the farmer was heavily in debt and the recent downturn in export prices would not have helped him.
"We'll repair any damage caused to the track," the farmer added when he noticed John hesitate.
"No it's not that," John replied. "The contractors are welcome to use the trail up to the top plateau. There are just a couple of other things."
"What?" the other man's voice turned sour.
John frowned. "The hill's a bit steep isn't it? "
"No steeper than your side, mate," Kelvin muttered. "I got a good price for the trees but they want the lot." He shrugged. "I had thought of bypassing that steep gully in the middle but the contractors reckon they'll get the logs out okay."
"I know that, but aren't you afraid of slips once the trees have gone."
"No, it's pretty stable up there," Newson replied. "There may be one or two slips in wet weather but nothing to worry about." He rubbed his stubble. "Mind you, I could leave the stumps in the middle gully and replant there. That's the only vulnerable area."
"That's a good idea, "John replied. "By the way, you might need a bulldozer to cut back the corner on the top bend. I can only just get the Bedford around it. A bigger truck would get stuck."
Kelvin Newson smiled and held out a hand. "No problem, John. You'll end up with a better track when the contractors have finished." He started up his vehicle. "I’ll get my lawyers to draw up an agreement and get back to you."
"Right," the American replied and watched, deep in thought, as the man drove away. If he owned the plantation he'd only cut out half the trees. He shrugged. Oh well, it didn't matter; he guessed Kelvin needed the money. At least he'd get a decent boundary fence and upgraded track out of the deal.
"Come on, Bella. We need to get those strays in." He whistled and put the agreement to the back of his mind. 
*

CHAPTER 5
Even though she never regretted coming to New Zealand with John and the girls, Fiona did have pangs of homesickness, not that she told anybody. The sixty two year old widow of fifteen years had had a couple of short term relationships in the intervening time but men of her generation annoyed her. They only wanted to be looked after and Fiona would not become a live-in housekeeper for anyone. She grinned at her thoughts and realized that was what she really was now.
Not that she minded. John was more like a son than son-in-law and the girls were a delight. She remembered her daughter had become a demanding and spiteful woman in her last two years of her life. Fiona was amazed that John had stuck by Anne and knew it was out of sheer duty after he'd shifted into a separate bedroom for those final fifteen months. She'd tried to help the family through this difficult period and, over all, this had been successful.
"Well, Ginger there's just us for a few hours," she said to the purring puss who looked expectantly up for a top up to his breakfast of an hour before. 
A jangled ring that sounded through the kitchen made Fiona frown. That wasn't the phone or doorbell! She shrugged and was about to clean up the breakfast dishes when it sounded again. Of course, it was the old farm phone. An ancient wooden telephone with a handle on the side was attached to the wall next to the modern one. When they arrived she'd thought it was just a decoration until John had assured her it was in working condition and connected to the shearing shed, pump house, farm cottage and a couple of other buildings on the farm.
Fiona walked across and put the old brass receiver to her ear. "Is that you, John?" she asked.
"No, this is Harold Bentley." Fiona nodded at the wall. Harry the Hermit everyone called him. John had told her this recluse lived in a small cabin on the top plateau of their farm. She'd never met the man but had seen the old jeep in the distance on occasions. Harold did odd jobs on the property and kept an eye on the animals. "I am sorry to interrupt you," a quiet educated voice said, " I am indisposed at the moment."
"How can I help, Harold?" she asked.
There was a slight cough before the man continued. "The rural mail truck is dropping off my groceries at your gate this morning but I can't get down. Would it be possible for John to bring them up sometime over the next couple of days?"
"Of course. I'll tell him. Is there anything else you need?"
"Well, perhaps… "The voice stopped and there was silence for a moment. "No, it'll be fine. Tell John I'll give him that game of chess sometime. Bye now." The line went silent.
Fiona frowned and replaced the receiver. The voice was in complete contrast to what she would have expected from way locals had described the man. Her mental image had been someone like Kelvin who could hardly sling a sentence together without using profanities but this man… She shrugged and returned to her chores.
At a little past eleven when John walked in and she told him about the call. "His groceries are in the Land Rover," he replied. "I guess his jeep broke down. I'll slip up after lunch."
"Can I come?" Fiona asked. " 
"Sure, if you don't mind the trip. The trail is pretty steep and windy at the top, all four by four stuff."
"As long as you don't expect me to drive," Fiona retorted. "Give us a yell when you're ready to go."  
*
The track was steep but the view one of the best in the world. To the east, Mount Ruapehu towered into sky while to the west, the conical volcanic peak of Mount Egmont poked out of white clouds with glimpses of the dark blue Tasman Sea behind. Forest covered ranges stretched across in the foreground with the blue ribbon of the Rangitikei River to the south.
"It's beautiful, John," Fiona gasped. “Even better than the view from the house."
"Sure is and we don't even need to share it with teeming millions. A view like this makes our shift across half a world seem worth while."
"And the new company helps," Fiona added.
"Kylena, you mean?"
"Who else? "
"She's different from Anne," was all John said as he changed down yet another gear and crawled around the top corner. 
They reached the summit to an elongated plateau. Tucked half way along was the tiny cabin that was their destination. When they arrived, Fiona's first impression was how neat the lot was. A small fence covered in deep red climbing roses surrounded a small lawn, a well-kept vegetable garden and the cabin. The building was painted white with cherry red windows. A brick pathway led to a veranda with boots, a wood box and row of garden tools placed in a neat row beneath an open window. A tiny fox terrier jumped out and came rushing out to the Land Rover. Its bark wasn't aggressive, though, and the tiny tail wagged as it stood waiting for them with its ears pointed in an expectant position. 
"How are you, Sissy?" John called. He climbed down from the Land Rover and rubbed the dog's ears. "Where's Harold?"
The dog stared up at him with round brown eyes and barked twice. 
John frowned. “What is it girl?" he asked.
Sissy ran towards the cabin, stopped, looked back and waited.
"She's trying to tell us something," Fiona exclaimed.
John nodded and followed the little dog up to the door, called out and waited. There was no reply so he tried the door. It opened and he walked inside. Fiona hesitated and watched as Sissy dashed inside too.
Seconds later John came out with a concerned look. "Can you come in, Fiona?" he asked. "Poor Harold is in a bad way."
The neat clean interior was almost expected after the neat grounds but Fiona's eyes were on the man lying on a corner bed. His blankets were thrown aside and one sheet covered the perspiring face, rolled back eyes and heaving chest.
"He's delirious," Fiona gasped and rushed over to the bedside. She took the thin wrist and felt for the man's pulse. "His heart's racing and he has a high fever."
"And this is why," grunted John.
He pulled the sheet in his hand further back to show the left upper leg and knee swollen like a balloon above a blood stained bandage wrapped around the calf muscle.
 Fiona examined the bandage. "It's been well wrapped but needs to come off." She grimaced and unwrapped it to show a massive purple ulcer oozing pale yellow liquid. "My God," she hissed. "The poor man. He needs medical attention straight away."
"I'll get on the mobile phone," John replied and rushed out to the Land Rover.
Fiona searched around, filled a tin basin with water and dabbed a face cloth over Harold's forehead. "You silly man," she scolded. "Why didn't you call us a week ago? We would have helped you."
The man's eyes flickered and focused on her. "Aggie?" he gasped in a quiet voice. "I knew you'd come."
"I'm not Aggie but John's mother-in -law. We brought your groceries up. Remember, you spoke to me on the phone this morning."
"Oh yes," Harold muttered but still appeared disorientated. "I remember. Was I saying something just now?"
"You thought I was Aggie. Was she your wife?"
Harold shook his head, spluttered and broke into a choking cough. For a full minute he coughed, thanked Fiona for the glass of water she held up to his lips and sipped the liquid. "Fool of a leg," he muttered and swung into a sitting position. "It started as a minor cut but my usual ointment never worked."
"You poisoned your system," Fiona cut in. "You need urgent treatment, young man."
Harold's crinkled bearded face broke into a grin. "Young man, madam! I could give you ten years." He broke into another coughing spasm and wiped a crisp white handkerchief over his shaking lips.
"I doubt it," Fiona retorted. She tucked an arm around the thin shoulders and held the glass back up. "Here take a sip and call me Fiona."
"Thank you, Fiona."
John appeared with Sissy trotting along by his ankles. "A helicopter is on its way," he said. He glanced across at the elderly man. "I told you we would help you any time, Harold."
"I didn't want to bother you." The elderly man gave a thin smile. "With that young family of yours and the farm to look after, an old recluse is just a hindrance."
John shook his head, gave the man an affectionate squeeze on the arm and turned to his mother-in-law. "They estimate twenty five minutes before the helicopter arrives," he said.
"But what about Sissy?" Harold's face creased into a worried frown.
"We'll look after her," Fiona added. "The girls will love to have a cute little dog to care for until you're better."
"If you say so," the man muttered. He lay down again, his eyes closed and within a minute he had lapsed into a restless sleep.
"At least he knows help has arrived," Fiona whispered as she re-wiped his forehead. "He must have been in pain for weeks."
"Stubborn old fool," John added. "If it wasn't for his groceries arriving it could have been a week or more before I checked on him."
"And that would have been too late," Fiona grimaced. "He's a very ill man."
 *
Two days later Fiona came off the phone and glowered at John. "They got to Harold on time and he is over the worst," she said. "But according the nurse I talked to, not one person has visited him."
"Perhaps nobody knows he's there," John suggested.
"But doesn't the hospital contact next-of-kin or close friends? What about this Aggie?"
"I guess the hospital couldn't find her"
"Well, I'm going in to visit him. It's the least I can do. Do you want to come or shall I drive myself?"
"I'll come," John replied, "I’ll ring Kylena and ask her to keep the girls until we get back." He glanced at his watch. "It's still quite early. We shouldn't be too late."  
*
On arrival at Palmerston North Hospital, the pair were directed to Harold's private room and found him propped up by three pillows. 
"Thanks for your card. I received it yesterday," he said and smiled at the visitors. 
Fiona felt a pinch of sorrow when she saw the one card sitting on the side bench .The poor man, ill in hospital and nobody else even cared enough to send a card. How could this be? This man was not some old derelict. Surely there must be family and friends somewhere.
"How is Sissy?" the patient continued.
"Fine," replied John. "The girls have taken her under their wing and Bella treats her like a long lost buddy."
"They know each other from when they were both puppies," Harold replied with a whimsical look. 
"And yourself?" Fiona asked. "How are you?"
"Oh, I'm fine. They've pumped me full of antibiotics and lanced the leg." He poked a newly bandaged leg out from the covers. Above the bandage the swelling had gone down and it appeared almost normal. The conversation continued with casual talk about the weather and so forth as is done in a hospital until Harold looked directly at his visitors. "They're thinking of sending me to a nursing home," he said in a harsh whisper.
Fiona frowned. "Why, Harold?" she asked.
The man shrugged. "Modern policies. Public hospitals only take acute cases now. Once one goes into recovery mode it's up to the private patients to cater for their own needs. There are several excellent nursing homes in Palmerston North and I guess I can afford it."
"I see," John rubbed his chin. "But is it really necessary?"
"I'll be okay." The eyes though, told a different story. They were filled with despair and that sense of hopelessness sometimes seen in refugees or other people who have lost control of their own lives.
At that moment a nurse appeared. "Excuse me," she said, "could you drop in to see Charge Nurse Holloway on your way out? She's in the nurse’s station."
The pair nodded, chatted to the patient for a while, promised to return and made their way up the corridor to the glass enclosed office.
"I'm glad you visited," the charge nurse said.
 "Doctor Bentley gave the name Sissy as the next-of-kin. When I asked for a surname he wrote down his own." She pointed to the document in front of her. "I couldn't trace a Sissy Bentley.”
"Doctor?" Fiona queried.
"That's what he wrote down. He listed his profession as a retired associate professor," Charge Nurse Holloway continued. "Do you know of a Sissy Bentley?"
"We do," John replied with a slight frown. "Sissy is his dog." 
"Try the name Aggie," Fiona suggested and told of Harold's cries back at his cabin.
The woman grimaced. "He gave his address as Top Oasis Farm, R.D.2, Hunterville. Is that made up, too?"
"No," replied John. "That's our place. Harold rents a cabin on our farm."
 "So what happens now?" Fiona asked.
"We can keep him one more day," The charge nurse replied. "His leg is responding to treatment but somebody has to change his bandage and drain the wound every day. I don't think it is wise for him to be by himself. Part of the reason for this infection was that he was not having a balanced diet. Without one, the symptoms could return."
"So it wasn't a cut on the leg that caused it?" John interjected.
"Oh that could have been the catalyst but basically his whole body is run down. The good news is we could detect no disease or any artificial stimulants like alcohol or drugs in his system. With a healthy diet he should recover fully." She sighed. "We're worried, though. The hospital psychologists spent a brief time with him but didn't get far. Doctor Bentley is suffering from depression and, what you'd call in everyday language, basic loneliness. It's as if he doesn't care any longer." She glanced up. "That is why we recommended a nursing home. At least he would have company and professional care there.”
Fiona gripped John's arm. "I want to help," she stated in a determined voice." If he comes home, I'll care for him."
"But he's a stranger and we really know nothing about him, Fiona."
"As much as I knew about you when Annie decided to shift into your apartment with Julie on the way," Fiona retorted then relaxed into a soft smile, "I guessed you were a nice guy. I feel the same about Harold." 
"He mightn't want to come?"
"Then we can do no more but at least we made the offer." 
*
It took persuasion and applied pressure by Charge Nurse Holloway before a compromise with Harold was reached. She told John on Saturday when they arrived to pick him up that she'd been quite frank with her patient and had told him he was lucky to have people who cared. Also, if he didn't accept their offer she would apply for a court order for him to be transferred to a nursing home until his wounds were clear. After the ultimatum, he agreed to be released in John and Fiona's care and to move into the cottage Reid vacated to return to university. 
When he walked to the Fairmont filled with the family, Kylena, Bella and Sissy, he immediately picked the tiny dog up and Fiona was sure she noticed a tear in the his eye.
"Nursing homes won't allow pets," he said after he placed Sissy in the wagon and slid in the back seat.
"You must be Julie," he said to the girl next to him. "And Helen in the front seat. I have met Miss Delton, our school teacher"
"Hello Doctor Bentley," Julie said in a shy voice. "I've seen your jeep around the farm."
Harold's eyes lit up at her voice. "And I heard all about you, Julie," he said. "I had a daughter who was once your age and she was a real artist. She could draw anything."
"So that was Aggie?" Fiona asked.
"Yes, her real name was Angelina but she was always Aggie to me."
"And where is she now?" Fiona asked.
I haven't seen her for twenty-three years. After my wife left, there was a custody battle." He shrugged. “Her mother took her to Australia so I couldn't even use my visitation rights. I tried writing and sending gifts but they were returned unopened. The last contact I had was in the form of a court letter on her eighteenth birthday stating I was not required to pay child support any longer. I wrote and asked if they knew her address but received no reply. That was seventeen years ago." He glanced across at Julie and gave a crinkled smile. "She was your age the last time I saw her."
"Oh, how awful," the youngster responded.
"That's life," the man whispered and made a point to change the topic as they drove out of town and headed back towards the distant hills. 
*
Long Valley Road at seven on the cool autumn morning was pounded by running feet as the American farmer, covered in perspiration, attempted to keep pace with the petite twenty five year old school teacher. Way ahead, though, the twelve-year-old girl and a barking bearded collie stopped at the Top Oasis driveway. The girl began cool down exercises as she gasped for breath.
The annual inter-school cross-country race was coming up and Julie was a serious contender. She pressed the stopwatch mode button and glanced at the digits.
"We've shaved another two minutes off the time, Bella," she panted and grinned as her father and teacher came panting in. "What kept you guys?" she shouted.
Though red in the face, Kylena appeared quite fresh but John gritted his teeth and grasped at his stomach.
"What's wrong my dear?" Kylena laughed and slung an arm around her companion. "Can't stand the pace, aye?"
"Stitch," grunted John then broke into a grin and squeezed her in a tight embrace. "Okay, I admit it. You two are too good for me. I think I'll take a leisurely walk with Harold tomorrow."
"Talk of the devil," Kylena replied and glanced up to where the thin bearded man appeared followed by his little dog. In his hand was his usual green covered drawing pad.
Harold walked up with a slight smile and stared straight at Julie, "And how did you go lassie?" he said. "Did you follow my suggestions?"
"Two minutes off, Harold," Julie replied. "Your idea of shortening my stride on the steepest parts worked."
John glanced at Kylena and raised his eyebrows. Since Harold's shift into the farm cottage an affinity had grown between him and the girls. The man in question hesitated and flipped over the pages of his notebook. He carefully pulled out a page and handed it to Julie.
"For you," he muttered and glanced away.
Julie studied the page and gasped. On it was a beautiful pencil drawing of herself jogging up their drive with Bella close behind. The details were perfect, right down to the shadows and autumn leaves on the trees behind.
"Harold!” she gasped. "It's wonderful. Look Dad, Kylena," she added and thrust the page in her father's hand. "It's like a photograph."
"Better than a photograph," John said and smiled across at Harold. "So that's why you've been waiting on the roadside the last three mornings?"
Harold shrugged. "Just a little sketch." he added modestly. 
"I love it, Harold." Julie smiled and turned back to the elderly man. "Grandma told me to invite you to breakfast and you aren’t allowed to turn her invitation down."
"Well," Harold replied as he ran a hand over his beard. "If you put it that way, Julie I guess I'll have to come. Thank you. I can't have your Grandma saying I'm a snob, now can I?"
*
It was almost a month since Harold had shifted into the cottage and his talents and quiet personality soon became part of their lives. As well as being a skilled artist, he knew the name of every plant and insect in the district and had an excellent knowledge of the geology of the district. They learnt he'd first come to Top Oasis ten years previously while working for the Department of Survey and Land Information to upgrade topographical maps of the area. When his contract had expired he'd taken early retirement and just stayed on. Except for the initial brief information about his daughter, though, he had made no mention of his family or earlier life.
The smell of ham and eggs cooking filled the air as the group filed in the house and hived off to use the three bathrooms. Kylena, as usual, had brought work clothes to the house in her little white Toyota before the morning run.
Fiona looked up from where she'd just placed a steaming plate of food in front of Helen and cast her warm eyes on Harold. “So you did come," she said.” I’m so pleased."
"Sit by me, Harold," Helen called out and waved him to a seat. 
"I'd love to lassie," he replied. "How is that story you were writing?"
Helen laughed. "Finished Harold, but I still spell words wrong." She shrugged." I forget to put in capital letters, too but I drew a picture to go with it."
"You used lots of bright colours, I hope." 
"I did," Helen swung her legs back and forth in delight, "And I didn't just make a line across the top of the page for the sky."
Meanwhile, Julie rushed back in with a towel around her wet hair and handed the sketch to her grandmother." Harold drew it Grandma," she explained 
"Oh, Harold," Fiona smiled after she’d inspected the portrait. "It's so realistic it's uncanny."
Breakfast was a busy time at Top Oasis Farm. 
 *
Julie stared across at her competitors at the starting line. Some of the girls looked huge but one wiry girl name Geraldine from Junction Road School, she knew, would be her main opposition. Ahead, in the Senior Girls' Cross Country, were three kilometres of hard slog up a steep hill, along a ridge, down to a stream, up another steep slope, another ridge and a final descent to the finish line. She did her last stretching exercises and glanced up to where Dad, Grandma and Harold were all watching with expectant looks.
A hand touched her shoulder and she found Kylena beside her. "Just do your best, Julie," she said. 
"I will, Kylena," Julie replied and attempted a smile. Her heart raced and hands were gummy with sweat.
"Okay girls, " announced another teacher who held the starting pistol. It was time!
In spite of her apprehension by the top of the first hill, Julie was in front and stretching her lead with every stride. She swung over a wooden gate and plunged down to the stream, straight in with water splashing everywhere but it cooled her. In seconds she was out the other side and into a problem. The far side was a slimy swamp and she sprawled head first into the stinky stuff.
This, though, was a minor hindrance. She staggered to her feet, wiped mud from her eyes and ignored her saturated shorts and top that clung to her. Her sneakers squelched but she found her footing and took time to glance back. There were only spectators in sight and shouts of encouragement reached her ears.
She started up the next hill and found the going so automatic, her mind wandered. She thought about Kylena. When her teacher began hanging around the farm she felt it was wrong. Teachers were there to teach, not to have a personal life, especially with her father. But, Kylena was so good to them all she couldn't help but like her. Daddy just seemed to sparkle with life and she was so glad he was happy. 
There was a fence to cross. Funny, three quarters of the way through the race and she felt less exhausted than at the beginning.
…And Grandma. She was glad Grandma had come to New Zealand. Even old Harold was a great old guy. Julie smiled. She missed lots of little things from home but was glad she was here, right now, running across this farm with friends cheering her on. 
She glanced back once again and saw a lone figure coming over the rise. That would be Geraldine. The girl wasn't much of a threat after all. Julie started on the last section down the hill and almost slid rather than ran down. She had almost reached the bottom when it happened! 
One second she was running and in the next there was a violent pain in her right ankle and the world spun in front of her. She was falling but could do little about it.
A blur of ground rushed up and her knees, followed by her whole right side, hit the ground with a crunch. Hell it stung!
Julie glanced down to see blood oozing through her muddy limbs. Her knees and elbow were bleeding. If she was Helen's age, she would have opened her mouth and screamed. She wanted to, but instead gritted her teeth and blinked away tears of pain.
But a voice was calling to her.
"You can still do it lassie. Up you get. The finish line is only fifty metres away. "
But the pain was too much! Her foot would not take her weight.
"Come on Julie! You can do it. I know you can."
She grunted and staggered up. It was Harold talking. His brown eyes were staring at her. She never realized he had brown eyes; warm brown eyes. She staggered up but almost fell again. If she went down again that would be it. There would be no time to recover a second time.
God it hurt! She staggered and found her twisted ankle could take a little weight. 
"Go Sweetheart!" screamed another voice. This time it was her dad. She could see Kylena beside him and both were jumping up and down in excitement. She'd never seen them so excited. She had to do it for Daddy.
She lurched forward, ignored the pain and broke into a staggering run. Lines of people were on each side of the track. The roars were tremendous and at the end of the short straight was an orange tape. The finishing line!
She thumped her good foot down and pushed forward. Ten metres, five. Her lungs now screamed out for oxygen but she did not stop.
The tape! She had reached the tape! Screams rung in her ears as she slid into someone's arms, just as Geraldine thundered by.
"You won, Julie! You won!" Her dad plastered her grimy face with a kiss. Her dad was always there when she needed him!
"Oh Daddy!" she sobbed. "Did I?"
The next few moments were a daze as John guided her over to the side of the track where Kylena had a wet cloth to place onto her forehead. 
"Julie!" she congratulated. "We're so proud of you."
"I won it for our school, Miss Delton," Julie panted. She broke into a smile. "Long Valley Road School, the best little school in the world." 
*

CHAPTER 6
When Kylena opened the classroom door during mid-morning classes she was surprised to see Linda McLean standing in the corridor.
"Can I speak with you for a moment, Miss Delton" she asked in an apprehensive tone.
"Yes," replied Kylena in a cool voice and turned back to the class. "Julie," she called. "Can you take over the junior's math for a few moments."
The Year 8 girl looked up and smiled. "Sure, Kylena," she replied, stood up to show a strapped ankle and band aids on both knees and limped across the room to where a group of four little ones were sitting in front of a box of equipment. 
Linda frowned at Kylena. 
"Yes, at times Julie calls me by my first name, Mrs. McLean," the teacher said, "And … no, it makes no difference for the respect she has for me." She stopped for a second, "If you're interested, it is true I am meeting Julie's father socially and I personally see nothing wrong with that. He is a widower and I am a single woman." She grinned. "At least the locals can't accuse me of being a lesbian like the gossip suggested last year."
Linda McLean flushed. "I came to re-enrol my three children," she muttered.
"I see," Kylena replied. "I'm sorry about my outburst, Linda. Come on through to my office." She led the woman through to a tiny room and offered her one of the two chairs to sit in. "But why? My methods that you objected about last year haven't changed. I still operate a glide time system with the older children and, in fact, use it more now that I have the Year 1 to 3 to teach. We still use the internet for lessons and I still have a contract system with the children."
"I saw the Long Valley Road children at the cross country yesterday," Linda muttered with her face flushed. "Your kiddies were sitting together in a group with Melanie in charge while the Junction Road children were screaming around everywhere and Bruce Cheever just ignored them."
"You noticed, did you?" Kylena couldn’t suppress a grin.
"The whole school is like that," Linda continued. "Here, look at Dean's news book." She took an exercise book from her handbag and handed it to Kylena.
The boy was in Year 5 and Kylena remembered him as a difficult child to motivate. She took the book and inspected it. The exterior was covered in scribbles and the interior was no better. The first page had the date, well written and work was ruled off but by page three, the ruled lines became just a rough swish across the page, the date was gone and doodles began in the margin. Two pages later the writing had digressed to an untidy mess, words were scribbled over and the amount of work for a day reduced from almost a page to three lines. Worse though, throughout the whole exercise book there was not one teacher’s comment, correction or stamp.
"Bruce doesn't believe in marking children's work," Linda grumbled. "They have conferences instead. My other two kids are doing no better. Gillian never brings a reader home now and I have a terrible time to get James to even go to school."
"It is not my position to criticize my colleague," the principal replied in a professional voice. "All I can say is, my methods have not changed and we still have our bad days. This is a public school and we will enrol any primary school child who comes to us." She fixed the visitor with her blue eyes. "However, don't expect everything to be suddenly perfect for your children if they return here."
"So you'll take them," Linda added in a hesitant voice.
"Of course," Kylena replied. "When would you like them to start?"
"Tomorrow," the valley gossip and school's chief sceptic from the year before exclaimed. 
*
"So she ate humble pie?" John laughed that evening when Kylena told him about the visit.
"Yes, and there’s more!" she placed her arms around his neck and plunked an affectionate kiss on his lips.
"Go on."
"After school, another woman arrived, stated she lived on the ridge between our two valleys and wanted to enrol her new entrant from the beginning of next term. Apparently, she was at the cross country and also noticed how well behaved our children were compared with those at Junction Road, too." 
"So that makes twenty-two children."
"I rang the ministry and they said I could have a second teacher after the holidays and if I could maintain the number above twenty next year, the position would become permanent. With only Julie due to go onto high school, it should be easy."
*
Back in the school house later that evening, Kylena hummed a little tune as she placed two pieces of bread in the toaster and plugged in the kettle in preparation for a snack and cup of coffee before retreating to bed. Now, for the first time since moving to Long Valley School she knew she was a capable teacher. It would be the holidays soon and she would have completed one of the most successful terms she'd had, ever! 
With a tuneful beep, her wristwatch signified ten p.m., the toaster popped up and she buttered both slices of toast before she sat on one of the table chairs to relax. A smile lit up her face as she thought about Linda returning her children to the school. Still daydreaming about the events of the day, she failed to hear the back door open and footsteps up the hall.
Without warning, a voice filled the room that sent cold shudders through her body. She literally jumped in fright and swung around to stare, horrified, at the red eyed unshaven man, dressed in dirty jeans and an equally filthy shirt, leaning against the door. 
"Oh My God," she gasped, "Mic Werner. What are you doing here?" 
"Hello Kylena," the man said in a hushed voice. "So you thought that if you shifted into the sticks, I wouldn't find you."
"Well, that is none of your business!" she replied trying desperately to keep the quiver out of her voice. She knew this man was violent and dangerous. "I'd appreciate it if you would leave at once."
"Well, if you're nice to me, I might just leave in a little while." Mic wiped his brow and Kylena noticed his arm was covered in tattoos, something new from when she knew him. 
"What do you want, Mic?" she continued while her mind raced for she knew exactly what this man wanted.
"Bloody snooty bitch," he snarled before a thin smile crossed his lips. "Do you think a court restraint order would really keep me away." His eyes gazed at her heaving body. " You're still my wife. "
"Are you crazy!" Kylena's voice rose an octave as she forgot to keep calm " Get out of my house!" She stared straight into his eyes. 
The man's own eyes grew dark with hostility. He leered, shrugged and stepped forward.
*
The terrified women noticed his bulging fly line, and smelt the stink of unwashed skin and alcoholic breath. Her mind flashed back to the brutal attacks that become a routine matter almost every day until she could stand it no longer and sort help from a women's refuge. They had helped her arrange a move north from Christchurch to Wellington where she had won her divorce and reverted to her maiden name. Later, she had won her present position and moved still further away from her failed marriage.
"You stay away from me!" she shrieked and dodged sideways. However, she realized there was no way she would be able to get help if she aggravated him so forced herself to calm and down and change tactics. Along the bench was the mobile phone. If only she could keep him talking...
"Tell you what," she said quietly. "Why don't you just relax I'll change into my nightie and we'll have a little fun on the couch?"
"You can't fool me, bitch," replied the man but he stopped advancing and glared at her. 
"Keep back," Kylena hissed. Her body trembled in sheer terror but she managed to control herself and retain rational thoughts. The mobile phone! She reached back and leaned against the bench, her eyes wide.
"I've not been with a man for years," she whimpered in a sob of submission. 
"Now that's a bonus," the man hesitated again and reached forward to run his fingers along Kylena's tank top while she trembled and shrank back.
Her mind, though was still functioning. Long fingers found the mobile phone behind her back. She found the memory buttons and felt along to the sixth button, John's number. In one frantic move she lashed out, kicked the man in the groin, dived sideways and lifted the mobile phone to her ear.
"You cow!” screamed her ex-husband. He buckled over in agony and was momentarily incapacitated before he rushed forward but Kylena was ready. 
She stuck out a foot and gave the man a heave. The momentum carried him forward into the wall that he hit with a dull thud. The phone beeped in Kylena's ear, there was a slight click and John's voice answered.
"John," she screamed. "Get here. Quick! I'm being attacked." Her high-pitched screams of terror rang out as she ran towards the door in a valiant effort to escape.
But the petrified woman never made it. In one quick movement the man jumped to his feet, lashed out at her with his open hand and sent her sprawling across the floor. He grabbed the mobile phone, hurled it across the room as the hysterical young woman crawled to her knees and attempted to crawl away. Blood streamed down her face from a cut cheek. Werner grabbed her arm and yanked. A punch between the eyes almost knocked her unconscious but she shook away the spinning vision and again attempted to crawl away. Blood almost suffocated her as it poured, warm and sticky from her nose.
"No you don't, bitch," the man snarled and lashed out at her.
He was strong and wrenched her arm up her back and purposely squeezed a beast with his other hand. With a sound that penetrated the semi conscious woman's mind, her blouse was ripped downwards and top undergarments yanked off. He pushed her backwards onto the kitchen table and leered at her. Saliva dripped from his mouth onto the unkempt beard. She screamed, squirmed and kicked, slide sideways and crashed against a chair and back onto the floor just as a heavy boot connected her in the stomach.
"Got a boyfriend, have you?" he snarled and pulled her hair so that she had to stand. While she sobbed hysterically he swung her around, held her closely around the waist while his other hand fondled up her skirt.
She did, however, manage to make contact with the creature’s eyes. "For God's sake, Mic if you want sex, let's at least do it properly." Her voice was still a sobbing scream.
"Slut," he snarled and again slapped her so hard she crashed, whimpering into the corner.
He now forced her to her feet and stood back an arm's length goggling at her shaking body while she sobbed uncontrollably with her hands trying, unsuccessfully to cover her breasts.
Kylena shrieked and pelted him with her fists again but to no avail. He was just too powerful. He pulled her in tight and with one hand pulled her skirt up. The stink of the man was almost worse than the physical pain she was suffering.
It could get no worse!
But it did! Her attacker reached in a pocket, extracted an ugly looking stiletto knife and held it ready to thrust if she moved. She stopped fighting and stood still shaking.
"That's the girl," he grunted sadistically.
Kylena stood still sobbing. Blood dripped onto the tattered remains of her blouse. Hair had fallen over her bowed forehead and her whole body shuddered as heart rendering sobs filled the air.
" Now you'll cooperate," he chuckled as he reached forward, pushed her hair back and grasped her neck so tightly she gasped for breath as consciousness slipped away and bit her lip until it bled. "You know, I think I'll take your advice and do it all civilized like." 
He swung her around and frog marched her into the bedroom, all the time maintaining a vice like grip and kissing her blood-covered face as she attempted to shrink away from him.
"If you relax you'll enjoy it too," he whispered. "Just like the old days." 
*
When John answered the phone he immediately recognized Kylena's voice. The second he realized the phone was cut off he swung around to Julie who was still doing homework on the kitchen table. Fiona was down visiting Harold in the cottage and Helen had gone to bed.
"I have to go out," he uttered in a strange voice. Julie peered up and saw the desperate expression across her father's face.
"Is it Grandma?" she cried.
"No, not Grandma. There's a prowler at the schoolhouse," he explained and headed for the door. "Phone the cottage and tell Harold I may need help..." 
Julie watched the swinging door for a second and ran to the telephone. She'd never seen her father like this before.
Meanwhile, John reversed the Land Rover around and accelerated off with the tires screaming in protest. Seconds later he was outside the schoolhouse, ignored an old truck parked on the grass verge and was out of his vehicle and heading for the building before the it had hardly stopped. He heard a stifled scream coming from inside. The door was locked but this didn't hinder his progress. One kick with heavy farm boots and the door splintered.
"Kylena!" he screamed as he ran up the darkened corridor.
"John, in here!" Kylena's muffled scream came from the bedroom.
He burst inside.
His eyes and brain absorbed the scene in the bedroom in milliseconds. There was blood on the floor and blankets and sheets strewn everywhere. All he could see of Kylena were her knees spread wide on the bed. Standing before her was the figure of a man with his trousers around his ankles and a bare posterior looking ghostly white in the dull bedside lamplight. 
With a snarl of outrage, John charged in a full tackle that would have done a NFL football player credit. The assailant crumpled sideways onto the floor with John on top.
"He's got a knife!" shrieked a petrified Kylena as the rapist swung John aside.
"Oh, the boyfriend's arrived," he sneered and slashed out with the knife. John jumped back but not before he felt a sharp pain across his right arm. The other man grinned and stood back. "Not so smart now, are you, mate?" 
With a smirk he yanked his pants up and attacked John with the knife slashing crossways. The farmer sidestepped and tried to find a weapon but there was none. He jumped backwards behind the bed with the man following him around. The knife slashed out and John just managed to avoid being sliced across the face.
 Screaming, Kylena staggered up and swung the only thing handy, a pillow, at Werner's head. This didn't hurt him one little bit but the sudden movement distracted him.
"I'll get back to you again soon, bitch," he yelled and flung the pillow along with Kylena, across the bed.
John roared and charged forward once more. By this time Werner was standing with his back to the door and his arms in an attack mode. Obviously, he knew how use a knife.
"Come on, friend," he muttered. "You can't save your girlfriend now. "
John's eyes were wild and he was about to swing a fist forward when he noticed the door move. There was a flash, a dull clunk and Werner stood for a second with his eyes widened in surprise before they rolled up, he groaned and sank to the floor.
"I believe you want some help, John." Harold was standing in the doorway with a heavy spanner in his hand.
" John! John! sobbed Kylena. She rushed the few metres across the room, flung her arms around him and buried her face in his chest. Not caring that the only clothes she had on was a ripped blouse and skirt she smothered him with kisses as hysterical sobs continued to full the room.
John hugged her close with one arm while his other hand patted her hair. He turned the trembling face to his and caught her lips with his own. Her whole throbbing left side was covered in blood from a jagged slash just under her left shoulder and blood poured off her bloated face but she was conscious and managed to smile.
"Oh Kylena," John cried. "Kylena, my love. You're hurt!"
*
Harold meanwhile had swung the unfortunate man around in a deadly military type manoeuvre so he could retain a vice like grip on him. With one simultaneous yank, he twisted the knife away from of his victim's hand and threw it across the room out of harm's way.
"One move and I'll break your arm," he snarled in the groggy attacker's ear. He shoved the man into the hallway and kicked the door shut. 
"Oh, John," Kylena sobbed but could not force out any more words.
John just clung her in close and kissed her hair until her shaking subsided and she turned a tear stained face up to his. He reached for a blanket and tenderly wrapped it around her shoulders while she flattened her skirt down.
"He never managed to do it," she sobbed. "You arrived in time." She remained in his arms but her whole body still shook with shock. 
"You're safe now," John replied. He reached across and kissed Kylena as she turned her head up to meet his. 
There was an oath outside the door, a crash of the door being hitting the wall and Harold appeared rubbing his jaw.
"The bastard was only faking. He got away."
An engine roared to life out the front, there was a howl of tires and gravel hitting metal and the sound of a vehicle accelerating away. This was followed by eerie silence.
"Let him go. I'll ring the police," John said and gazed into the young woman's eyes. "We'll get you to hospital, my love.” He turned to Harold. "Can you ask Fiona to go home and look after the girls?" Now the action was over his face was as pale as Kylena's.
"Right!" Harold grunted. “But I'll stay around in case he return."  He smiled at the shaking woman.” Don't worry, Kylena. I'd doubt if that pervert would want to tackle John again.”
"Thank you, Harold," Kylena whispered. "If you two hadn't arrived." Her lip dropped, she erupted into shuddering tears and buried her head into her lover's chest. 
*
At the accident and emergency centre of the Palmerston North Hospital, John guided Kylena through the two sets of swinging doors to a waiting room chair and walked up to the reception counter. 
"My friend here has been hurt," he told the nurse standing there. "She's cut rather badly."
The young nurse glanced up from her computer terminal and stared at the man in front of her. "I believe you need assistance too, sir," she remarked.
That was when John realized his arm was throbbing in pain. The right sleeve as soaked in blood and drips were landing on the counter top. Kylena looked no better with her blouse covered in blood and eyes already swollen. The earlier wound on her cheek had opened and more blood from a forehead cut seeped onto her eyebrow before dripping down a tear-stained cheek. She stood up to walk over to John at the counter but collapsed back into the chair.
"A stabbing and possible rape," the nurse reported through her intercom. "Can we have immediate assistance, please?"
A moment later a man in a white coat appeared and walked up to the pair "Let's get you both through to a cubical." he said in a dry voice. "I'd say there’s a little stitching to be done." 
 * 
Kylena was admitted to the hospital but John had his arm stitched, other wounds patched and discharged. He waited until a nurse assured him Kylena was to be given a sedative and would be asleep until early morning.
"Come back then," she advised. "She will be fine."
"Sure," replied John and strolled out to the deserted car lot. It was close to midnight and he did not feel like returning home so rung Fiona on the mobile phone. After reporting that they were both okay he strolled across the road to a motel where he spent the night. As early as possible in the morning he was back at the ward to find Kylena bandaged like a balaclava with only her swollen, blackened eyes and puffed cut lips exposed. She watched him walk in and bring a chair to the bed. 
"You're early," she said in a neutral voice.
"I stayed across the road," he replied and bent over to kiss her but the response was a mere peck.
"I see," John retorted and took Kylena's hand. "You think I am disturbed because you were subject to a brutal attack?"
Her eyes met his and she nodded. “I’m tarnished goods, John," she whispered. 
"That is utter rubbish?" he retorted. "You were a victim. I'm proud of how you handled the situation."
Kylena's eyes fixed on his. "You don't understand," she added. "That man wasn't just a stranger.”
"No?" John studied her closely. "Who was he?" 
"If I tell you and you want to walk away, I'll understand," she replied, her voice still serious.
"Don't be silly!" he replied. "Why would you think I'd do that?"
"I haven't been honest to you, John," Her eyes were wide and, without warning, awash with tears. “The man's name is Mic Werner and he was my husband. I divorced him two years ago and he traced me, somehow." 
In sobbing half sentences she continued. "We met at university. He was one of those macho guys, great rugby player, liked the booze and swept me off my feet. The trouble started only a month after we were married but I clung on another eighteen months, hoping he'd get better." She shuddered. "He was insanely jealous and more violent as time went by." Kylena's voice dropped to a whisper as she continued to tell everything of the previous five years. "So I'm not that innocent young virgin of your fantasies, John but a used woman from a failed marriage. 
"I see so what does it make me." John sat on the bedside and took her hand. "My marriage was a sham, too Kylena." He placed a finger on her lips when she attempted to talk. "Hear me out. Anne and I never lived as man and wife for two years before her death." He shrugged, "It was one of my original reasons for planning to come here. I thought a new start might help her but she became ill and I clung on for the girls' sake."
"Was that all? "Kylena whispered.
"She was a female version of your husband, I guess." He waved his hand. "No, she wasn't violent but had an alcohol problem." He bent forward and kissed the young woman on the lips. "So if you can put up with this old hack…" he said.
Kylena wiped her eyes and smiled. “Would you like to come in again, John?" she asked
He frowned. "What?"
"Go out, turn around and come in again."
"Well, if you wish." He shrugged and walked out of the ward. "Hi Kylena," he said when he reappeared and reached for her hand.
The response this time was entirely different. She reached up, swung her arms around his neck and gave him a bruising kiss. “I love you, John," she whispered and flopped back on the pillow.
"What happens if I go out and come in a third time?" he chortled.
"This is a public hospital so you'd better not. I must say you look a bit cut up, yourself."
"Yeah," John replied as he ran fingers down a cut on his face and the bandage on his arm. “But you look like a punching bag gone wrong."
"I know." She smiled." I'm too scared to even look in a mirror. From the inside I feel like a throbbing balloon. The doctor thinks one of my ribs is broken but all they can do is strap it up." 
John smiled down at her, bent forward and ran a finger over her lips before he spoke again. "Oh one thing," he said offhandedly.
 "Yes."
"I love you too, Kylena and don't you forget it. Nothing you told me will change that, one little bit." 
*

CHAPTER 7
John's conversation with Kylena was interrupted when a little girl came running in the hospital room with her arms out. "Daddy," she yelled. "Are you okay?"
John turned at the sound. "Helen! How did you get here?" He picked his daughter up, swung her around, deposited a kiss on her cheek and placed her on the end of the bed.
"Harold drove the Land Rover in. Grandma and Julie are here too but they're talking to the nurse in the corridor." She turned and flung her arms around Kylena. "You look awful, Miss Delton," she exclaimed.
"And why aren't you at school?" Kylena replied and winked at John.
Helen bit on her lip. "We rung Mrs. O'Reilly. She's taking the class today. Grandma and her both said it was okay to come and see you."
"And it is," laughed Kylena. She glanced across to see Fiona, Julie and Harold walk in the room. 
"My God, Kylena!" Julie gasped. "You look a mess."
"That's what your sister said," Kylena replied. "It's great to see you, Julie. You too, Fiona and Harold but you didn't have to come all this way."
" I believe I said the same words a few weeks back when you visited me," Harold retorted. "So if it was good enough for you …" He broke into a grin, "I didn't think I'd be back at this place so soon."
"And I didn't thank you, Harold," Kylena replied and reached out to squeeze his hand.
The elderly man flushed and nodded. "When you aren't even safe in your own home," he muttered and stood back to allow Fiona through.
"And don't you say I look terrible," Kylena warned.
"Only your black eyes." Fiona smiled and handed the patient a huge bunch of flowers. "I'm just so thrilled it didn't turn out worse. To think…" She caught John's slight shake of the head and coughed. "Well, you know."
"I do," Kylena whispered. Her eyes found John again and a silent message of love travelled across that sterile hospital room. 
*
 After being discharged, it took very little persuasion for her to agree to spend a few days at John's place. 
"After all," he said. "The place is full of females and we have five bedrooms. It's a pity for all that space to go unused." 
"Only for a few days," Kylena replied. "Think what Linda McLean will say."
"Yes. She could shift her kids to Hunterville School in protest, I guess." 
Though the head bandage had been removed, she was still on painkillers, toddled around like a little old woman and ordered to have a week off work. Professional stitching had been performed on her cheek but an ugly red line still ran from the bridge of her nose across under the eye. Her lips were swollen and she could hardly see out of two black eyes. She also had a gash on the crown of her head; round finger bruises on the arms and other bruises across her body.  
The news of the attack spread through the district spread like wild fire. Most locals put it down to a local druggie who had probably seen their teacher around and had planned the attack. Details were enhanced by the local gossip line, their teacher had been held for hours and subjected to multiple rapes, she'd been gang raped by three men, John had shot the attacker, you know how trigger happy Americans are? … And so it went on but the truth that the attacker was Kylena's ex-husband never emerged.
Cards, gifts and offers of help poured in as the locals showed their support and Kylena's standing in the community was enhanced. She was now one of them and in a country district, one looked after their own. 
Also, for perhaps the first time, the new American family was accepted. As Linda McLean told a neighbour on the telephone hot line, “You know they're really like us; sure they drawl their words and John insists on wearing those horrible coloured shirts and cowboy hats but the girls are so friendly… they must be rolling in money but they don't flaunt it. You know, they paid cash for poor old Hamish's farm. John probably rolled the greenbacks out of his back pocket but I like him…"
*
It was three in the morning when Mic Werner crept back across the fields to the schoolhouse. He had followed Kylena's progress with a few discrete calls to the hospital and knew she'd been discharged .The new lock on the door was made light work of and he headed for the bedroom. However, whatever his evil intentions were, they never eventuated. The hall light blazed on and a police constable stepped out of the bathroom with a vicious dog at his side.
"I would not move one muscle, Michael Jason Werner," he said. "Except, of course, to place your hands wide against the wall. Randy here takes an exception to low lives who prey on innocent women. "
As if to support his master, the large German shepherd bared his teeth and growled from deep within his throat.
At that moment, though, Kylena was sound asleep in her own upstairs room at Top Oasis.
For several days there were many nervous women in the district and the news that Mic Werner had been arrested back in the schoolhouse further undermined the security of the valley. Doors, usually left unlocked were now bolted and security alarms, floodlights and window catches installed in many homes. As well, some farmers shifted their dog kennels closer to the house. Gradually though, the event moved into the back of everyone's minds and Long Valley Road returned to normal. 
*
It was Saturday evening; the fire in the living room had reduced to a red glow. Fiona and the girls had retired for the evening to leave John and Kylena alone. Instead of her usual casual clothes, she had returned from her bath dressed in a modern skirt, white sweater that emphasized rather than hid her figure. 
"Did you like the supper?" the young woman whispered after John moved his coffee mug and empty plate aside. 
"Loved it but I still don't know how you had percolated coffee and hot scones waiting."
"An automatic oven and hot point." She grinned. "I just set it to the time I reckoned we'd want supper." She fixed John with her eyes and turned serious. "What was your wife like? " she suddenly asked. "Oh I know she died of breast cancer and heard she was unfaithful but you never really mention her, John."
"For ten years my marriage was everything one could ask for," John replied in a far-away voice. "I never suspected she was unfaithful. It was quite a shock. "
"Tell me to mind my own business if you wish but if you'd like to tell me about your wife, I'm interested."
John fixed his eyes on her and sipped his coffee. "No, I would like to talk," he whispered. "It was a part of my life, I have the girls as a result and she will always be their mother." He grimaced. "When I first found out she was sleeping around it was almost as bad as later when I learnt she had cancer."
"Go on," Kylena added in a quiet voice.
"I belonged to the Lions Club and it all came out after one of our monthly meetings. I remember it was mid winter and well below freezing," he began …
*
After supper the members had begun to drift off home when Rick Tucker, a local garage proprietor and keen club member came up to John.
"Can I have a couple of words, John," he said as the others waved goodbye and disappeared into the winter night.
"Sure, Rick. What's on your mind?" John replied. He liked Rick, a forward straightforward fellow who always did an excellent job with the club projects.
"Its...err...sort of a personal problem," Unusually for him, Rick couldn't look John in the eyes.
John frowned. He knew he owed Rick's firm quite an amount for repairs to his vehicles and farm machinery but always paid at the end of the month. No, that wouldn't worry his friend. "Tell me, Rick, what’s troubling you? You know I like everything in the open?"
"Shit man, it's damned hard." Hazel eyes switched to John's. "What say we nip down to the bar at the corner for a beer?"
"Okay," replied John with a concerned look, "I'll just lock up See you down there."
The tiny neighbourhood bar was mainly empty on this cold Tuesday night. After buying a jug of beer for them both, Rick picked a small corner table where they couldn't be overheard and sat down.
"Well," said John with an edge of expectation creeping into his voice. "There's something obviously wrong. What is it?"
Rick drank his glass of lager in almost one gulp, wiped foam off his moustache and stared at John. "Do you know Allan Ellis, my mechanic?"
"That bearded guy who services my vehicles?"
"That's him," replied Rick quietly. "I don't really know how to tell you this but...." He glanced away and poured himself another glass of beer.
"For God's sake, spit it out, Rick," John snapped.
"It's your wife, John.... Anne."
John's face turned a shade white. "What about my wife?"
"Last week all the boys around work were chatting at lunch time when Allan said he had had a great lay with your wife.”
"What?" John whispered.
Rick coughed in embarrassment, "He reckoned he's screwed your wife."
John stood up and leaned forward with his knuckles turning white as he pushed them against the table. "...And I suppose this isn't just a wild tale between the boys?" 
"I'm afraid not, John. Afterwards I took him aside and grilled him. He gave me the full details Apparently it happened last week when he returned Anne's auto."
"The bastard," John growled. "By God, where is he. I'll...." He never finished the sentence but stood up staring wildly at Rick with his fists tightening and loosening.
The garage proprietor stood and guided John back to his seat. "Sit down, John. Have another drink."
With his mouth and eyes looking like steel, John stared at the other man. Then he sort of slumped and sat down with his head on his hands.
"I'm sorry you had to hear this way, John," continued Rick. "I told Allan if he said one more word about it he'd be fired. I think I scared him enough to shut up."
"Thanks, Rick," John wiped his forehead and stared at his companion. "I know she's been a bit depressed lately but I never suspected this."
Rick quietly stood, placed a hand on John's shoulder and walked across the bar to refill the jug.
When he returned John looked up and poured himself another drink. "I know she gets bored with Helen to look after. " He spoke quietly, " She's our three year old, you know..."
"I know," replied Rick kindly. "I've been through it, John. Joan and I got divorced a couple of years back. I still have nightmares about it."
"Thanks," said John and stood up. "I'll be off now."
*
That Friday afternoon, just before closing time, John walked into Rick's garage with a dark expression across his brow. 
"I want to speak with your mechanic, Rick. Where is he?"
Rick paled. “I wouldn't advise it, John," he muttered. "Just leave it alone."
"Where is he, Mr. Tucker?" asked John quietly. "I'm here to talk, nothing more."
"He's out back, I'll call him."
"Don't worry," replied John. "I'll find him."
He walked through the service entrance door and up to a man with his head under a car's hood.
John tapped him on the shoulder. "Allan Ellis, I believe."
Ellis stood up and wiped his greasy hands on a rag. "That's me, bud. I haven't quite finished yet. Be another twenty minutes, I'd say."
"I didn't come about the automobile," John replied with a tilt to his voice that nobody could miss.
Ellis stared at the man for a moment before he recognized who he was. "You're the guy who brought the Pontiac in last week, aren't you?" He paled slightly and took a step back.
"That's right. John Berg's the name." He stood with his hands on his hips. 
Ellis stared up at the monstrous man and nervously wiped his hands again. He then swallowed and spoke. "How can I help you, John?" 
"I believe you've been spreading nasty rumours about my wife, Anne," continued John with a tone that he used on the ranch to make the dogs cringe.
"It was nothing, Mr. Berg," whimpered Ellis. "I was just joking, that's all."
"That's not what I heard," John continued and cracked his knuckles.
"Calm down," cried back Ellis. "It was nothing."
"Did you or did you not have sex with my wife?" asked John in a voice so quiet he was hardly heard.
Ellis stared around the room as if he was considering whether to make a dash for it but there was nowhere to go. John had discretely taken two sideway steps. 
"Only once," he muttered and stared at the floor.
"I see," replied John. "Only once. So I guess every time you deliver a car you fuck the woman there only once."
He stepped forward and Ellis shrank back against the car he had been servicing.
"She asked for it," muttered the terrified mechanic. "Shit man. She invited me in and started a strip right in front of me. You know"
"No I don't," snapped John. "Tell me."
Ellis gulped. "She wore a white blouse with no bra underneath then she undid a couple of buttons. Shit man, do I have to go into the full details?"
"No," John whispered. " But if you ever go near my wife again or tell one other person about your… err… conquest. I'll have you up on an assault and rape charge." He grabbed the man under the chin and squeezed so hard the mechanic's eyes began to bulge. "Understand?"
"Yes. Yes, Mr. Berg."  
“...And my methods won't be quite so civilized next time,’” John stared directly into the other man's eyes and squeezed his arm in a vice like grip. “I don't like little wimps hurting my family. Understand that, too."
"Sure, John. Sure." 
John stared at the man for a second, let him go and stalked out the garage.  
*
That night and all the next day, John said hardly a word to his wife. Late on Saturday night as he dressed for bed, Anne slipped on her nightgown and walked across to him.
"What's wrong honey?" she said and put her arms around him.
He stared at her in the faint light of the bedside lamp and watched her heaving bosom beneath the garment. Pangs of jealousy and regret flowed through his mind. Why did she do this? Surely he had treated her well through the years. Their sex life was still regular and fulfilling. What was wrong with her? He blinked and fought back his emotions. It was as if a stranger was standing opposite him, not a wife and companion for the last dozen years. 
"I talked to Rick this week," he said slowly.
"So," she replied. "Is something wrong at the garage?"
"No," John replied. "He told me about Allan Ellis, his mechanic."
Anne stared up at her husband and a shudder vibrated through her body. Huge tears swelled out of her eyes and a heart-rending sob came out of her throat. She stood there with tears streaming out of her eyes before she dashed out of the room, ran into the bathroom and slammed the door.
John followed her into the hallway just as eight year old Julie came out of the opposite bedroom door.
"What have you done to Mom, Daddy?" she screamed. "Leave her alone."
John turned and glanced at his elder daughter with compassion. "It's nothing I've done, Julie. Nothing at all! Go back to bed."
"What is it, Daddy?" she continued in a quieter voice. "You've walked around like a zombie all weekend and now this terrific argument. If you're having trouble with the ranch, don't take it out on the family."
"Oh Julie, it's not the ranch. Your Mom and I have had a wee problem, that's all."
Before he realized it, huge sobs wrenched through his body and tears burst from his eyes. He turned and was about to walk outside when Julie rushed up and hugged him. She buried her face in his and cried uncontrollably while at the same time tried to comfort her father. For several moments father and daughter stood in the hallway before he kissed her cheek and stepped back.
"It's my fault, I guess," he said. "Don't blame your mother. I've been so wrapped up in the ranch over the last year and a half I've neglected her. Go to bed Julie. We'll work it out."
"You don't deserve this, Daddy."
John smiled and watched as she walked back to her bedroom. He turned, glanced at the closed bathroom door and entered to his own room.
Twenty minutes later Anne came into the darkened room and climbed into her side of the bed. She rolled over and cuddled in close to him. He rolled towards her and brushed the tears that were still coming down her cheeks away. They made passionate love with more emotion and lust than enjoyed for years. Afterwards, Anne lay in the darkness with her hand in his.
"I'm sorry, John," she said quietly. "I really am. Please forgive me."
"I already have," he replied. 
He moved his hand to cup her breasts in his hand. Weeks later the memory of that night came back for, in hindsight, he realized he had felt a small lump on her right breast on that fateful night. 
*
 "I found out later that she had had several one night stands with various men around," John continued. 
"Oh John, I'm so sorry," Kylena placed her arms around him.
 "It was just her, I guess. She was one of those popular girls in our student days and I think she didn't like growing older. She was quite depressed when her thirtieth birthday arrived. After that episode with the mechanic she settled down for a while. That was when we began to plan our emigration to New Zealand. I think at the back of my mind, I thought a new environment might change her," he shrugged. "It didn't. After she became ill she began again."
"You mean sleeping around?"
John nodded. "Because of her illness, I turned a blind eye. Fiona knew, though, and stepped in to help with the children." He sighed. "When the cancer became more advanced, Anne stopped her affairs and, for a while, became her old self. The cancer went into recess for a while but when the end came, it was horrendous. In the matter of a few weeks she was reduced to just skin and bone and was in constant pain. Her death was, in some ways a blessing."
He squeezed his companion close. "I wouldn't wish those last two on my worst enemy," he whispered.
*

CHAPTER 8
"One day a stranger turned up at my school to enrol his children," Kylena whispered with a twinkle in her eyes as she swung back on the couch with her arms around her knees and gazed at John sitting beside her. "He was a huge bulk of a man with a soft American accent. I remember thinking he was about to tell me he was going to enrol his children at Junction Road School, but he didn't."
"It seemed stupid to travel ten miles when there was a school across the road," John said with a chuckle. "Mind you the teacher was a good looker, too."
"Somewhat harassed, if I remember." 
"But beautiful just the same." John exclaimed and glanced at his watch. "You know it is after one. I must away to bed." 
He reached forward to kiss the waiting soft salty lips. This was usually accompanied by more passionate kissing and light petting before Kylena would wriggle out of his arms, playfully slap his arm, tell him not to be naughty and say goodnight. Tonight, though she stepped back and ran a tongue over her top lip.
 "Why don't we slip into the spare room, John," she whispered. 
"I don't understand,"
"Come with me," she continued, took his hand and led him to a second tiny downstairs bedroom where a small lamp glowed beside a newly made up double bed. Somewhere, too, soft music filled the air.
"Why have you shifted down here?" John asked with a slightly puzzled look. "I thought you liked your upstairs room."
"Oh I do" came the hoarse, nervous whisper, “But thought the girls might hear."
He glanced up and gasped. Kylena had slipped off her sweater and skirt and was standing by the closed door in a black negligee. With the tiny bedside light shining, the elongated shadows and thin material left nothing for the imagination. Nothing. John just stared at the heaving breasts outlined beneath the translucent material, nipples taut with desire.
"Oh My God. Kylena?" John gasped
He reached out as she stepped into his arms. Her scent smelt irresistible as she hugged him so firmly her breasts squashed into him and blonde hair tickled his neck. Her head turned up, lips met his but this was no polite goodnight kiss. It was bruising and frantic with a tongue-lashing. A soft hand brushed his fly. 
"My love," he muttered and lifted the black negligee up. His fingers seemed too large for the soft material but he managed. The garment came over her head, she shook her blonde hair out, gave him a slight shove on the chest so he toppled onto the bed and stepped back. 
In front of him stood the most sexually attractive woman he had ever seen. There was a distinct line between her bronzed body and her white breasts, which rose and fell as she breathed. Even the few bruises still evident did not detract from her appearance. Beneath, her flat stomach curved down to well-proportioned thighs and on to the briefest of panties. She smiled at him, tucked her fingers in the elastic top and slipped them off to stand, naked before him.
 Overcome with emotion, John reached forward and touched the large and desirable breasts. The woman who was about to become his lover, immediately came forward into his arms so she was above him on the bed. His frantic kiss moved to her nipples while her hands found his fly and yanked the zip it until there was room for her hand to reach inside. 
"Oh my God," he moaned and rolled her over beneath him while she flung her arms around his neck and kissed him everywhere within reach. Kylena grabbed at him so fiercely, red fingernails scratched across his back. Her whole body was now quivering as she pulled him into her breasts and spread her legs wide to receive him. 
 "Kylena," he managed to gasp as his sperm surged forward and exploded within her squirming body. Never, in living memory had he experienced this sheer delight and raw passion before.
"I'm just a shameless little hussy," she whispered and kissed him.
"You certainly are," he replied. "A cheeky one too."
"Why?" she asked in an indignant voice.
"You planned this didn't you?" he teased. "I mean the extra special supper, the percolated coffee, soft music and negligee under your clothes. I never had a chance."
"I did not," she retorted. "Well, perhaps. I got sick of you being a perfect gentleman." She stared at him and her eyes became serious. "I've haven't been with a man since my marriage and you heard all about that. After that experience, I vowed never to let another man touch me unless it was someone I loved."
"I love you, Kylena," John whispered. "I loved you from almost the day you walked in the classroom in bare feet and expectant look.”
Kylena reached up to place both hands on his cheeks. She kissed him passionately on the lips. "Again?” John said in a strange voice.
"Hot blooded male," Kylena retorted. "You were exhausted a moment ago," but she wriggled in close. Once again, time for talking was over.
At the height of their passion neither of them heard the footsteps along the polished hall floor nor the tall girl who stopped and glared at the closed door and listened to the muted moans coming from inside.
*
The faint knock on Kylena's upstairs door at first light on Sunday morning was in complete contrast to the verbal abuse that filled the air when it was opened.
Julie stood there with hands on her hips and eyes like daggers. "I want to know why you're fucking my daddy and don't give me any of this shit about being in love. There's no such thing," she hissed.
The teacher's first reaction was to scream at the girl that it was none of her business and if she was going to use such foul language she'd better get her mouth washed out with soap. Her mouth turned up in a faint grin at the thought. As a child, her grandmother had said that for words as mild as "shut up."
But Julie misinterpreted the grin. "It's not a joke, Miss Delton," she continued in a more reconciliatory tone. "Why are you sleeping with my father?"
"I think we'd better go down to the kitchen, Julie," came the quiet response.
The girl bit on the side of her lip but walked down the stairs and accepted Kylena's invitation to sit at the kitchen table.
"Would you like a lemon drink? I made up a jug last night with fresh lemons from the tree out on the lawn."
Julie nodded. Her outburst had subsided and the glare of anger became tears as the youngster stared at the floor. Kylena filled two glasses with the juice and handed one across to her companion who took it with shaking hands and stared at the floor.
"We call it a pitcher."
"I don't understand," Kylena replied and sat beside the distraught girl.
"It's a pitcher, not a jug," Julie looked up with tears rolling down her cheek. "You say everything wrong here."
"I see," Kylena replied and reached out to take her pupil's hand. She expected a sharp retort but Julie just held on and broke into heart rendering sobs. Within reach along the bench was a box of paper tissues. The teacher pulled a couple out and handed them to the girl. "So tell me what's wrong, Julie," she said with empathy in her voice.
Julie blew her nose and looked up still with eyes awash in tears. "You never answered my question."
"And if I was having an affair with your Dad, do you think it would make any difference to how much he loves you?" The astute question broke through the girl's facade.
"I heard you in the back bedroom last night," she cried.
Kylena flushed. Oh hell. Staying downstairs hadn't helped. "I can't deny it," she whispered. "Would it help if I told you I love your Dad."
"I don't want to lose Daddy," Julie sobbed.
"And why would you lose him?"
"If he loves you, you'll go away together and have babies, I'll get shoved in a boarding school and forgotten. It happened at home with my friends. They spent all year at a boarding school and all vacation at a summer camp. Nobody wanted them."
So that was the trouble. Kylena topped up Julie's glass and placed an arm around the shaking shoulders. "Tell me, has your Dad ever said that would happen?"
The girl shook her head. “No."
"And you don't think I'm good enough for your Dad. If you don't like me…"
"Kylena, it's not that. You are the best teacher I have ever had. You are so kind and helpful. It's not that I don't like you. It's the opposite in fact," She glanced up and wiped her eyes again. "The movies are all wrong, you know."
Kylena frowned but remained silent. 
"In the old movies on television a woman who is ill sits up in a fluffy bed looking all beautiful and whispers loving words to her husband. He hugs her and…" She stopped. "In real life it is not like that."
"Movies are just stories and the old ones, especially, are quite unrealistic. This is about your mother isn't it?"
"Yes." Tears appeared again in the girl's eyes. "When I was little like Helen, Mom was so happy and so much fun. Helen was a baby and I'd feed her a bottle and we'd push the baby carriage in the park. Daddy would take Mom's hand and mine then she went wild, Miss Delton and it was more than her just being ill."
"Your Dad told me a little about your mother but what do you remember?"
"She changed and became all haggard. Her hair looked thin and cheeks sagged in...”
"That wasn't her fault, Julie."
"I know but she turned mean inside, too. She'd grumble and growl. Daddy had to do everything with Helen. I tried to help but Mom would holler at me and say I did it all wrong. She even screamed at Daddy. He tried so hard but had to get away. I know he went for long walks across the ranch all by himself. Sometimes I'd run out to him and he'd just tuck his huge arms around me and say it wasn't really Mom being angry. It was the pain inside and she would be better soon." Her mouth shook again. "Once I came home early from school and heard Mom moaning like you were last night but it wasn't Daddy who came out of the bedroom. It was a stranger. Mom screamed at me and the man left. She said if I ever told Daddy I'd get a licking. I was terrified."
*
Julie, at eleven was already tall for her age with a thin body, dangling arms and legs. She was in the kitchen with her tongue between her teeth as she concentrated on cutting the six sandwiches she'd made through the middle.
"Here, let me do it," her mother said and grabbed the knife off her daughter. "If you don't hurry and get these out to your father, he'll be giving you a good wallop."
Julie stepped back and looked defiantly at the scrawny woman. "Daddy never hits me, Mom," she retorted. "Only you do."
Anne Berg swung around and met the angry eyes of her daughter. "Don't you give me lip, young lady," she retorted with her opened hand raised but hesitated and swallowed. “I’m sorry, Julie. I know you put a lot of effort into cutting your daddy's lunch. I would have done it but…"
"But what, Mom? You never do anything for Daddy any more. Nothing. He spends hours and hours working on the ranch and when he comes in for supper, you are not even here. Where are you all the time, Mom?"
"That's not true," Anne snapped. "John told me I should meet more people in town."
"Not men friends," Julie screamed.
Anne Berg's face turned to anger. She grabbed Julie's shoulders and glared into the upturned eyes. “Who told you that? "she hissed.
 "Nobody." The youngster pouted. “But I've got eyes, Mom. That man last night. God, you must think I'm dumb."
Anne stopped and her white arms shook. The anger in her eyes changed to alarm. "You haven't told Daddy?" she whispered. 
"No but he knows."
 Julie grabbled her father's lunch box, ran out the door and slammed it behind her. All she wanted to do was to get away.
*
 Three fields away, John reached the end of the strip he was ploughing and stopped the tractor. He noticed Julie running up the lane so turned the engine off and climbed down. He'd been working almost non-stop since six-thirty and felt exhausted, grubby and hungry. 
"Hi Sweetheart," he called as Julie reached the gate. "Right on time, as usual. I hope you put lots of milk and sugar in my coffee."
"I did, Daddy," Julie sniffed and handed the tin lunch box over. Her eyes were still red from the tears and a dirty smug across her cheek where she'd attempted to wipe the tears away only added to her look of despair.
John stopped and rubbed his stubble. “What’s wrong, Julie?" he asked in a tender voice.
"Just Mom."
John stared at his daughter for a moment, placed his lunch on the tractor seat and picked Julie up into his arms. " There's more, isn't there? ' 
Julie nodded. "Mom's changed, Daddy." 
John sighed. "I'm afraid your mom is ill, Julie," he said. "When people are ill they do things they wouldn't normally do. She has cancer. Have you heard of that?"
Julie nodded. "Big lumps that grow in the wrong place."
"Yes," John replied. "I don't think Mom will get better so we have to look after her and ignore the times she does the wrong thing."
 The youngster looked at her father and nodded with a solemn expression across her face. "So what do we do, Daddy?"
"We carry on," John said. "Grandma is here to help so we aren't alone."
"No Daddy," Julie responded. “We aren't alone."
*
Kylena felt her eyes smart as John's daughter continued her story.
"In one way Mom did improved," Julie added " No men ever came back, her trips to town stopped but she never got better. She became so thin and bad tempered until in the end she was moved to a hospice. Daddy visited every day but I didn't want to go near. The one time I did go she was like a shrivelled up old lady." 
"I see and you knew your Dad was hurting?"
"Yes, and I don't want it to happen again, Miss Delton."
"If that is what is worrying you, I can promise I'll never hurt your father, Julie. I know he loves you and Helen and that is forever. I also know he would never, ever leave you or send you away."
"But next year I have to go to a boarding school, anyway. Margaret Johnston is at one across in Hawkes Bay, two hundred miles away. She’s only allowed home once every six weeks." 
"I'll talk to your Dad and I'm sure we can solve that problem," Kylena said. "You can enrol at Feilding High School."
"And how is that different?"
"It's a state boarding school and girls can choose to just stay five days. You come home every weekend. I know they'll be taking enrolments for next year soon. If your Dad agrees, I can get all the information you need. Three of our last year's Year 8s are there now. It's a good school."
"And will I have to wear a uniform?"
Kylena nodded. "Most New Zealand high schools have a uniform. The Feilding one is a nice maroon colour."
"I don't mind that. “Julie gave a limp smile. "I like it here, Miss Delton but everything is so different. I want to be just me, not someone who speaks funny. To me, I don't speak funny. You do."
"I guess I do but I think something your Dad said is true."
"And what's that?"
"It's what you are inside that counts, the person you are. It doesn't matter if you are American or New Zealander, whether you are white, black or brown or even the language you speak."
"I know," Julie whispered. "Don't tell Daddy but I get so lonely here. Sure, I know there's Melanie but she rattles on. I love the school but I wish there were more girls around my own age. I miss my friends and feel so alone. Everyone thinks I'm a bragger."
"And that is why every morning at half past eight, all the juniors gather around your desk to tell you what they did the night before. They used to rush in and talk to me but they all go to you, now." She smiled. "Except Helen who comes rushing up to me to talk about everything she has done with you. And poor little Daniel last week. Remember what he did when he tripped over and skinned his knees and elbows?" 
"He was a mess, wasn't he?" Julie smiled. "Blood everywhere and him screaming his head off."
"But he ran to you for help. You patched him up and put sticking plaster…"
"Band aids, Miss Delton. We call them band aids and that's even printed on the box."
"Yes, you’re correct," The teacher smiled. "We're using more and more American words now. Anyhow, you fixed him up and even went and rang his mother."
"You were busy with that visitor."
"I know, but do you think the children would go near you if you weren't their friend?"
"I suppose not."
"They may not all be your age, but they are all your friends and we are all proud of you. Even the parents have said how much they enjoy having your bright, happy face around. "It's so peaceful at the school now with those horrible boys gone and that new American girl in the senior class. Deanna is always talking about her.' That was what Mrs. Teale said only last week and you know what an old bite she is."
"I feel sorry for Deanna. She has a hard life."
"Exactly and you've made it better for her." Kylena hesitated. "So do you really mind if your Dad and I go out together?"
Julie shook her head. "Will you have a baby now?" The eyes, now dry glanced up.
"Oh Julie," Kylena was almost in tears. "I don't think so. I'm so sorry about last night but believe me when I say I would never want to hurt you or Helen."
"I think I'll believe you," the youngster replied. 
The pair had been concentrating on their conversation so much they never heard the footfall on the floor tiles until the last moment. Both swung around to see John standing there with a smile on his face.
"Dad," Julie cried and leaped up and into his arms. Her tears returned. "I love you Daddy," she cried. “But I've been so mean."
"No she hasn't," Kylena defended when she noticed his quizzical gaze. "We've just been talking, that's all."
"Oh have you?" John drawled. "Is there anything I should know?"
"Just girl talk, Dad," Julie responded, kissed her father's cheek and slipped out towards the door. "It's nothing you men would understand."
"What was that all about?" John chuckled after his daughter left.
"She was in the hall last night and heard us," Kylena confessed.
"Oh hell," John responded.
"I think it will be okay, though," John," Kylena responded. "We had a long talk and I tried to explain." She gave a slight giggle. "She's convinced I'm going to have a baby, though."
"Oh hell," John muttered for a second time. 
*
"You can help me carry the pies in," Kylena smiled at Helen who came rushing out to meet the white Honda that pulled to a halt under the carport.
Helen's eyes glowed when she saw the hot steaming pumpkin pie. "You're the only one except Grandma who knows how to cook American food. How do you do it, Miss Delton?
"Recipes off the internet, Helen," Kylena confessed and never told about her failed attempts to get things right. "I've never tried many of these things before but I know you and your daddy like them."
"We sure do," Helen laughed. "That's one of the things I miss." She glanced up at her teacher. "I'm not allowed to tell you but Julie has a surprise for you."
"Has she now then you'd better say no more, had you?"
"She spent ages on it."
Kylena smiled and walked through into the kitchen to where a sheepish twelve-year-old was waiting. Without a word, Julie handed her a beautifully wrapped box of, what she guessed were chocolates.
"Why thank you, Julie but it's not my birthday yet. What’s this for?" the teacher responded.
"An apology, Kylena," Julie whispered. She glared at Helen as if she knew her little sister had said something.
The parcel did contain a small box of chocolates but of more delight was the beautiful home made card that accompanied it. On the cover inside a border of delicate flowers was a coloured photograph of a large colonial type house with a younger Julie on the front porch holding a toddler in her arms.
"You with Helen back home in New York State?" Kylena asked.
"Yes," Julie said in a solemn voice and waited while Kylena opened the card to see a modern photo of John, Fiona and the girls, as she knew them, standing in front of the house they were now inside. 
This is our home now, read the note in neat curly writing.  I want you to be part of it. I'm so sorry for being nasty to you. You are the best thing that has happened to my Dad and me. Love Julie
"Oh Julie, it's lovely but it wasn't necessary.”
"Daddy used a time delay so he could be in the shot, too," Helen bubbled out.
"I acted like a fool during the weekend," Julie continued.
"No you didn't," Kylena replied. "You were protecting your Dad and I think that was very mature of you." She reached out and hugged her young companion. "I wasn't going to say anything but I have a surprise for you, too but not until early tomorrow morning."
Julie wrinkled her brow. "How early?"
" Can you be at school by quarter to eight?"
"She'll be snoring then, " Helen cut in.
"Hush up, little sister," Julie retorted. "I'll be there but what is it all about?"
"Now, if I told you it wouldn't be a surprise, now would it?"
Julie grinned and nodded.
"Can I come, too?" little sister interjected once again.
"If you want to, Helen." Kylena answered and turned to find two tanned arms around her and a smiling face looking into hers.
"Girl secrets?" John said and kissed Kylena on the cheek. 
"No," she answered. "That little thing-a-me I mentioned has all worked out."
"Has it?" John laughed. "I'm amazed."
"Dad!" Julie retorted. She was curious. 
* 

CHAPTER 9
At seven forty on a warm still morning the two Berg girls bounded out of the Land Rover and headed into the classroom.
"Look at the computer," Kylena said as she smiled up from her desk.
Julie swung around and walked over to the screen that displayed a photo of a large school building with smiling pupils in front. Welcome to the Davidson Junior High School Home Page blazed across the screen top.
"My old school," gasped Julie. "You found their web site."
"Not only that," Kylena replied. "Click on the Chat icon."
Julie nodded and did. The screen changed to a chat page document similar to a small T.V. screen with two sections and a column of buttons down the left side. On the dot of seven forty a tiny buzzer sounded and a green button shone to indicate a message had arrived.
"Click on the icon that looks like a mobile phone," Kylena advised. "That will show you are ready to receive an incoming friend.
 Julie nodded, bit on her bottom lip in nervousness and did so. Immediately words began to run across the screen in red letters. 
"Hi Julie. We hope you are there. This is Samantha Jones, Mandy Mazzini and Jenny Bozejowski here."
Julie just stared wide-eyed at the screen then up at her teacher before she almost screamed in delight. "My friends from last year. But how?"
"Type a reply, " Kylena said.
"Yes I'm here," Julie typed and watched as her words came up in blue.
"Gee, it works," Red words ran across the screen. " Samantha here. We're in the main computer room with Mr. Mann. What time is it there?"
"He was my English teacher," Julie explained and began tapping on the keyboard. "It's quarter to eight, Thursday morning and I had no idea this was being set up. How are you guys?"
"Jenny here. We're fine. It's quarter to two in the afternoon and … " the words kept spilling out as the three girls across the world told their news.
"Oh Miss Delton." Julie grinned up from her chair. “This is marvellous but how did you do it?"
"It's our chat link As long as you know the time to call up, you can chat to your old school or leave a message. Your Dad's downloaded the software at home, too so you can use your computer there, too. Your old school agreed to allow your friends to use a computer time every Wednesday afternoon at this time to contact you. " 
"Oh my God." Julie replied in excitement as she read the incoming news and began her reply.
"There is a new game on the other computer for you, Helen," the teacher added. " You have to make up sums to help the three bears escape from the forest. You’ll be the first one to use it if you'd like to try.”
Helen's face changed from a disappointed scowl to a smile. "Yes please, Miss Delton," she replied and rushed to the adjacent computer.
Within a moment, both Berg girls were glued to their screens while their teacher stood back and felt proud of her efforts. "If you're set, I'll go and do some other work now," she said.
"Sure," Julie mumbled and giggled at the news coming through.
"The little bear is out of the forest," Helen called out without moving her eyes from her screen. "Mama Bear is still lost, though."
"Keep trying, Helen. You're going well."
It was moments like these when teaching was its most satisfying. 
*
That afternoon Fiona found something that jolted her emotions like a thunderbolt. When she helped John and Harold shift his last furniture and personal belongings down from the top cabin. The old Bedford was piled high with Harold's last gear.
"I liked it here," Harold reminisced as he gazed at Fiona who was packing a pile of sketchbooks into a box. There were dozens of them, all organized and dated.
"You don't mind if I glance through your drawings, do you?" Fiona asked.
"Not at all," Harold replied. "Most are not complete. I intended to produce paintings of the best ones but never really got that far." He smiled. "Perhaps this winter I'll start."
He wandered off to help John lift a chest of drawers onto the truck and Fiona was alone. She packed for a few more moments until she came to a pile of half a dozen blue covered sketch books; quite different in size and structure to the others. A piece of twine was wrapped around them with dates from the early eighties written down the spines. She slid the first one from under the string and opened it. Inside was a picture of a girl of around Julie's age. The whole book had drawings on her in all manner of activities such as horse riding, playing with a dog, in formal clothes as if she was preparing for a prom, and so forth. Brief notes stated Aggie with Sandy, Aggie on a swing and so forth. There were thirty or forty drawings, all of Harold's daughter.
Fiona slipped the sketchpad back and pulled out the second one. This showed an eighteen year old at a high school graduation gown, a beautiful teenager winning a running race, sailing on a yacht and other scenes. She frowned and took out two more sketchpads. One showed the same woman graduating from university and one with her in a wedding gown. The groom was but a silhouette in the background and the woman was smiling directly at the artist with piercing blue eyes.
She was so absorbed in the drawings she never heard Harold behind her until he gave a slight cough. "Aggie, my daughter," he muttered.
"But you said you've never seen her since she was twelve?" Fiona said.
"I haven't," Harold sighed. "Those are just the vivid imagination of an old man."
"You mean they aren't real?"
"The first pad is," Harold replied. "After she left I just sort of imagined what she might look like and what she could be doing. Whenever, I was lonely I'd draw another picture of her as she might look at the time." He shrugged. "It became an obsession, I guess, a fantasy daughter that I pretended things happened to."
He reached to the last pad, this one crisp and new. "This was the last one I drew not long before John and you took me to hospital. Aggie would be thirty five now and could easily have children." He shrugged. “That’s what I imagined, anyway."
"Oh Harold," Fiona said as she opened the pad. “The woman in the drawing again smiled directly at the artist but was standing with three children in front of her, a girl almost her height and two smaller boys."
"Tell me," Fiona asked in a compassionate voice. "Is Aggie still alive?"
Harold took the sketchpad from Fiona's fingers and slipped it back in the pile. "You think I might be hiding some tragedy but no. To be honest, I don't really know. After that letter from the social welfare on her eighteenth birthday, I spent months trying to trace her. The only information was that she'd never returned to New Zealand. The Australian authorities were no help. My guess is, her mother changed their names or moved on to another country. She was quite a talented academic and could have gone anywhere."
"But that was a long time ago," Fiona added.
"Five years back, I tried again but had no luck." He grimaced. "As I said, she is not real any more, just a figment of my imagination."
"But the drawings are so life like," Fiona gasped.
"My company. I lost faith in humanity, Fiona."
"But why?"
"Just events," Harold muttered. "I gave my life to my career but in the end the government department I worked for was disestablished and I retired."
"Well, I'm glad you decided to shift permanently down to John's cottage."
"Why should you care?" Harold asked in a quiet voice.
"Because I do, Doctor Bentley," Fiona retorted. "I also think you should start trusting humanity again instead of living in a world of fantasy and what might have been. I followed my son-in-law across the world because I could not bare being alone and do you know what?"
"What? " Harold's eyes fixed on her.
"It was the best thing I ever did."
*
The next morning Fiona decided she'd do something to help Harold find his daughter. Perhaps he had it all wrong. He had said his wife was an academic, he was one, so couldn't the daughter have become one, too. Highly educated people often were so interested in improving their education a social life became second. What if Aggie Bentley was not a married woman with a bunch of children but an academic at a university somewhere? Fiona smiled. It was somewhere to start.
After the girls left for school and John headed out on the farm, Fiona sat in front of the computer and brought up the Google search engine. She typed in University Academic Staff and pressed Search. Three hours later, though, she had nothing. Her head felt thick with the concentration after the thirtieth university she'd contacted had no Doctor Angelina Bentley, a Ms Angelina Bentley or any Angelina with another surname.
"John," she asked at lunchtime. "Could you discretely ask Harold what his wife's maiden name was?"
"Why me?" He frowned.
"Because, if I asked, he'll become suspicious. Just drop it in the conversation about Kylena reverting to her maiden name."
*
Three days later John ambled in and shoved a piece of paper under his mother-in-law's nose. "I have two names," he said. "She ran off and married a guy called Harrington and her maiden name was Sands."
So, armed with this new information Fiona returned to the Internet and began plugging away. Four days drifted by, colder now with rain sweeping through the valley. It was good weather for staying inside and searching the Internet. United States seemed to bring a blank so she switched to United Kingdom and continued the search.
 But there was still nothing.
*
At the Board of Trustees meeting, Frank Amberley, the new chairperson, said he wanted to put on record the board's deepest regret about the attack on Kylena and also the high regard they had for her efforts that made the school year so successful to date.
"I think the stamina of Julie Berg at the cross country and that of our principal reflects the good heart our school is in," he concluded and held his hand out to Kylena. "Our next item on the agenda also reflects this. I believe you have more information, Kylena?"
Evidence of the recent attack had, by now, almost faded from the principal's face with the swelling reduced and the cut under the eye now a faint red diagonal line. "There were an amazing thirty five applications for the temporary position as junior teacher," she began. "Most are new graduates still hunting for a job but it ranges up to a forty five year old farmer's wife wanting to return to teaching."
"And have you any recommendations?" Frank's wife, Janet asked.
"Yes," Kylena replied. "One woman, in my opinion, stood out from the others." 
*
Vicky Taylor, the successful candidate, was so thrilled to have won the position; she offered to spend the last week of the term at school on no pay to set up the junior room and to get to know the children. This tall, dark haired woman had a personality that the children responded to and Helen, for one, was enthusiastic about moving into Room 2 with her new teacher and ten classmates.
"We'll have so much room, Daddy," she told her father. "Ms Taylor has already put hundreds of charts on the wall and the new desks have arrived. They're all metal with little drawers to put our things in. I wish it was next term, now." Her eyes glowed.
"And a class of eleven." John grinned across at Kylena. "It must be one of the best situations in the world. At home, these small schools have long gone. It would all be an hour's bus ride into Marton and a school of five hundred kids."
"It'll probably come to that," Kylena replied. "That was their real reason for the threat to close us down here. Controversy in a district just makes it easier for the ministry to step in and shut a place down."
"And from what I heard, the infighting has shifted over to Junction Road. That Newson boy you had all the trouble with has been suspended from the school for three days."
"Oh my God!" Kylena gasped. Her eyes flashed with worry. "I hope they don't bring him back here."
"Don't worry," replied John. "He's been enrolled at a private boy's boarding school in the Hawke's Bay. I heard they offered a substantial donation to the school's building fund to get him in."
"And where did you pick up all this news?"
"From the vet. He called in yesterday."
"And men say women gossip," Kylena said with a laugh.
*
With only one day's warning, the contractor rolled in and began felling the pine trees across the road from the school. It was an efficient operation with the top corner of the track to the plateau sliced through in a few hours and two trucks rumbled up to dump gravel on the new section. The contractors started at the top and worked down. Chainsaws howled from dawn to dust and bulldozers used chains to wench the logs to the top plateau where they were stacked on John's side of the boundary and a fleet of logging trucks carted them to Wellington two hundred kilometres south to be loaded on a container boat and exported to Japan.
By the end of the second week the trees were gone, debris had been pushed into a ravine on the property so only stumps and raw earth remained. The weather throughout the time was fine so there were no problems with the track except for minor subsidences due to the weight of the vehicles. True to his word Kelvin had the contractors scrap off the whole track and gravel was added in several places.
"They're certainly efficient," John said. 
"Yeah, the boat was waiting and if they missed the deadline, the storage fees at the wharf are phenomenal," Kelvin grunted and puffed at his inevitable cigarette. "You know there was a mill near Marton but closed it down a few years back. Seems bloody stupid to me to send the logs all the way to Japan but I shouldn't complain. They paid me top dollars for the plantation."
"And you're still going to plant the hill in grass?" John asked.
"Yeah. I've a different contractor coming in to haul out the stumps but they won't need to use your track. I want it ploughed before winter so I can sow in the spring, about October I guess. It should be green by Christmas unless we get another bloody drought."
John nodded. The view had certainly changed. Brown dust covered the trees and buildings around the house but he guessed this was only a short-term inconvenience. A hillside of grass would enhance Kelvin's farm but to him, it seemed a strange time to be doing things.
"Our winters aren't as severe as you're used to," Kelvin continued. "Some farmers even sow in autumn so the grass can begin to grow as early as September if the weather is mild."
"Sure, "John replied. "I'm used to months of snow and having to keep all the stock in barns. I think I'll appreciate the milder climate here."
"We still get some pretty white frosts in winter and snow for a few days." 
"What about rain?"
"Plenty of that," he replied. "Cold southerlies are the worst. Bloody nuisance in lambing. In spring we also have the warmer north westerly." 
 Kelvin drove off in his Landcruiser just as Kylena arrived. She tucked her arm into John's and gazed at the new scene. "It looks awful," she muttered. "He could have left some trees, especially on that steep section down from your boundary."
"I tried to tell him." 
"Yeah," Kylena laughed and dug her partner in the ribs. "But you bloody Yanks know nothing."
John grinned and tucked an arm around her, “Come on,” he said. "How about a coffee break?"
*

CHAPTER 10
Kylena awoke feeling queasy and realized she was back in the schoolhouse. Despite John's protests, she'd moved back to the schoolhouse the weekend before and, though she would not admit it even to herself, was nervous about being alone at night. Noises and creaks that she never knew were there before often made her jerk up in alarm.
It was dark and quiet and the faint swish of a branch rubbing the roof indicated that a wind had come up. The tiny orange night-light, something she'd never used before the attack, glowed in the hallway and her mobile phone was by the bed.
"Oh hell," she muttered and, though the room spun around, managed to leap out of bed and reach the toilet before vomiting. She washed her face and stared at her reflection in the bathroom mirror. The signs of the attack were all but gone and in most ways, she never felt secure. So why was this constant illness attacking her over the last few days?
"Well, bloody test yourself, women," she whispered at the reflection and reached for the tiny kit she'd purchased three days earlier. The instructions were clear and the procedure simple. With shaking fingers she broke the hygienic seal and took the little tube out. Everything was so clinical these days. Perhaps she was being paranoiac.
After completion, there was a slight delay before the result showed.  She glanced at it, grimaced and reached for the mobile phone. 
* 
A few hundred metres away the farmer woke from a deep sleep when the telephone rang and focused on the bedside clock. It was a little after three. His immediate reaction was it must be a call from New York where it would be mid morning. 
"John Berg speaking," he muttered and his heartbeat rose when he heard Kylena's voice. “Is there trouble?" he asked. Adrenalin rushed through his body and he was already half out of bed before her reply came through.
"No, nothing is urgent, my love," she replied but the voice sounded husky. "I woke up and couldn't get back to sleep. I know it's mean of me but I needed to hear your voice. I'll be okay now."
"I told you not to return home so early. Are you sure it's just that you can't sleep?"
"I feel lousy, John," Kylena admitted.
"I'm coming over," John retorted. “I know you would not ring just because you're a little lonely. It's more than that."
"There's no need," she objected but John detected relief in her voice.
"I'll bring Bella," he said. "Don't open the door until you hear her bark. Okay?"
*
Less than ten minutes later John pulled into the schoolhouse drive and tried not to think of the last time he'd arrived in the middle of the night. However, everything seemed fine now, there were no strange vehicles around and half the house lights were on. Also, the newly installed floodlights on the side of the house lit up when he arrived.
"Bark, Bella," he commanded and the little dog obliged with a dozen hearty yelps. "Okay." John grinned. "Don't overdo it, girl."
The dog stopped and gazed up at him with her tail wagging before she headed for the door. It opened and Kylena's pale face gazed out. She smiled at Bella and rubbed her ears. "I heard you girl," she said and turned to kiss John. "I'll put the kettle on," she whispered.
John waited while she speed around getting a snack ready before he spoke. "This is so silly," he said.
"What?"
"We both know there was a reason you called me in the middle of the night yet you're making a cup of coffee as if it is Saturday afternoon." He stood up, strolled across the room, wrapped his arms around her and deposited a kiss on her lips. "You look pale," he soothed and kissed her again.
"John," Kylena replied and returned his kiss. "You may need a strong cup of coffee, that's all. Perhaps even a stiff whiskey."'
"Me. Why me?"
"Oh John!" She stretched up, slung her arms around his neck and kissed him with a passion that almost toppled him over. "We really haven't known each other long and have been having sex such a short time but I'm afraid," she stopped and bit on her lower lip.
The farmer shook his head and felt quite perplexed by Kylena's behaviour.
"About what?"
The blue twinkling eyes turned to look into this. "I only found out myself a few minutes ago, I'm not sure of my own reaction but need to know yours. After all with a half grown family do you really want to start again?"
"Someday maybe." Her partner frowned, "But what…"
"John," Kylena grabbed both his hands. "It's usually the morning when I feel ill, not the middle of the night and it has nothing to do with the attack." She swallowed. "You see John, I'm pregnant with your child."
John still had his arms around her but just sort of froze mid-motion before, with enforced calmness, he squeezed her so tight she almost gasp. "How can that be?” he exclaimed.
"Well, when we make love three or more times a week…" she retorted.
"I thought you were on the pill."
"Yes, but I forgot to take them to the hospital with me and when we were home I never started them until after we had… well you know." Kylena's smile faded to be replaced by uncertainty. “I think I want this child, John even if you don't." Her lip quivered and she buried her face in his chest. 
John broke into a wide grin. "Kylena," he whispered. . 
"Of course I do. I never guessed, that's all."
"It happened so quickly didn't it? We got careless, that's all. Some couples can go for months, even years before this happens but you had to met someone who was super fertile, didn't you?"
"Oh my God," was all John seemed capable of saying as he flooded kisses onto her. "My God, Kylena, I love you, you're carrying our child so I don't care… unless you do."
It was his turn to show doubt.
"Come on, let's have a wine." Kylena grinned and reached for the top cupboard.
John laughed and let her go. They toasted each other’s health, giggled and toasted their family's health, the baby and sat down together. They both decided their baby was wanted and she would continue to carry it no matter what objections there were from the family or friends.
"So why don't you shift into my place permanently?” John suggested half an hour later. "I don't mean the spare room, either."
Kylena sucked on her lip. "And this school house?"
" I received a letter from Vicky asking us if our farm cottage was available to rent. Why don't we offer her this one?" 
"So you want a total commitment from me?" Kylena replied.
"No, I'm am making a commitment to you. I want to have more than just an affair, Kylena."
"I know but it's all happened so fast."
"So you'll shift in with me?" His eyes looked apprehensive.
"Oh John," Kylena laughed. "Of course I will."
"Then let's celebrate with more than another wine." He grinned and reached out to her.
"John, you needn't take me literally." she retorted and gave a little scream as he plastered her in kisses, lifted her off up and carried her through to the bedroom. Without saying another word he methodically removed her brunch coat, pyjamas and laid her on the bed.
"John," Kylena teased. "You don't need to …"
But they were both aroused and even foreplay was forgotten as sensuous bodies came together with a passion that surpassed anything either of them had imagined possible. After full and almost desperate sex, John lay exhausted and covered in perspiration on the bed. However, just as Kylena stood up, her flushed cheeks turned white. “Not again," she muttered.
"What is it, my love?" John looked concerned.
"I'm going to be sick," Kylena gulped and tore out of the room. 
*
Kylena's furniture fitted into the Top Oasis farmhouse as if it was made for the place and everyone took a chance to have a massive reshuffle. Not one eyebrow was raised when Kylena's personal belongings went into the largest upstairs room with John’s. 
There was, however, one last hurdle. John felt apprehensive about telling the family of the pregnancy. No doubt Fiona would accept it and probably be supportive but what about the girls?
"I'll tell them, John." Kylena offered a week later. "It's only fair on the girls that they're told, especially Julie." She though back to the episode with the girl when she began to date John. "Even if she takes it badly, it won't help to put it off.”
"No, we’ll do it together," John replied. 
The approach to Julie after supper that evening started on a nervous note but the reaction was unexpected.
Before John, who sat on the couch beside Kylena could even open his mouth Julie glued her eyes on him. "So you got Kylena pregnant, Dad?" she said without the slightest sign of embarrassment. "I wondered when you'd get around to telling me."
"How did you know?" her father gasped and even Kylena looked surprised.
"There's a half used packet of sanitary pads in the upstairs bathroom that hasn't been touched for ages." Julie retorted with a smug look on her face. 
John stared at his partner, they both broke into laughter and he reached out to hug his daughter. "And you don't mind?" he asked.
"Of course not," Julie responded. "All Helen wants to do is feed bubs his bottle after he arrives."
"She knows?" John gasped.
"Sure," Julie replied. "I told her." She flushed. "I didn't tell Grandma though. I love her but she is so old fashioned I reckon she'll be ringing up the preacher, grabbing your shotgun from the back shed and pushing you into a church before the week’s out."
"Oh Julie," John said. "My little girl isn't little any more."
"No Dad, not since Mom died," Julie grinned. "I was so afraid that Katie Gilmore would get her greedy fingers into you."
"Who's she?" Kylena frowned.
"A big fat woman who was one of Mom's alumnae friends. She'd just divorced her husband and wanted anyone in trousers, especially if they had money."
"Julie!" John laughed. "She wasn't that bad and was quite a help after your Mom died"
"I guess, but she still had the hots for you, Dad." Her eyes met Kylena. "I'm so glad we came to New Zealand and Dad met you," she added in a whisper.
"Me too," Kylena responded and hugged the twelve year old, "It'll be your birthday soon. What do you want?"
"Designer jeans," Julie said. "My own mobile phone and …"
"Okay," her father cut in "You'd better write a list down."
"Oh, I already have, Dad." Julie grinned, kissed them both on the cheek and headed for bed.
"Now we'll tell Fiona," John grinned. "Let's hope Julie’s scenario doesn't eventuate." 
Despite Julie's prediction, though, Fiona accepted Kylena's pregnancy with enthusiasm and acted as if she had known all about it.
"When Julie confronted me the other day about those pads, I guessed," she said.
*
However, the young mother-to-be looked worried when the girls' grandmother dropped into the school late the following afternoon .The children and cleaner had long gone and she was sitting at her desk marking a pile of assignments.
"Can we have a chat?" Fiona asked and pulled up a chair.
Kylena frowned. "Of course," she replied. "I was about to stop, anyhow. Come through to the staff room and have a cuppa."
"It's about your pregnancy," Fiona began.
"I thought it might be but I assure you …"
"No, I'm not about to give you a lecture on what I would do if I was your age. This is a different time and a different country and I'm sure John and yourself can decide what you want to do without any suggestions from myself. It's something else." She stared up at Kylena.
"I'm curious," the teacher replied.
"You are the best thing that happened to John, Kylena," Fiona said. "Our district back home was very conservative, every bit as bad as the one we're in now. When Anne became pregnant with Julie I was the one instrumental in forcing the pair into marriage." She stopped and gazed, deep in thought, out the window. "It never really worked. I supported my daughter but, even before Helen came along, I could see a deep rift in the marriage and, with the power of hindsight, I'd say John was the victim, rather than vice versa."
Kylena nodded. "From what I've been told, I assumed that," she said. “But does it really matter now?"
"No, but John deserves the best. He really raised his two daughters to what they are in spite of Anne." She coughed. "Please don't tell John what I am about to divulge."
"It depends on what the information is," Kylena replied. "In all fairness, I can promise nothing."
Fiona smiled. "You are direct, Kylena but I'll take the risk and tell you anyway. Anne was sleeping around, in fact for years she had a series of men friends."
"I know, " Kylena replied, "John told me about that mechanic and Julie told me quite a bit, too."
"Yes, sordid little episodes," Fiona retorted. "She was a wild teenager but settled down after she married John, for a few years anyhow." Fiona shrugged. "There is one point I'd like to make, John was never unfaithful to her, even when she was so ill and cantankerous."
Kylena nodded. "That sounds like John but what's the big secret?" she asked.
"I thought when she became pregnant, Helen wasn't John's child so I faked Anne's signature on a hospital record so the baby would be blood tested straight after the birth." She sighed. "I've never told anybody."
"I see, so Helen is not his biological child?"
"On the contrary, her blood type fitted in perfectly and she is, beyond doubt, John's daughter."
"…But after six years you still feel guilty?" Kylena found she'd been doodling on a piece of paper and placed her pen down on the table.
"Sort of," Fiona replied. "I just had to tell you, that's all. John could not have been a better husband to Anne but he got a raw deal. That's why I'm thrilled he's having this new chance but want to continue to be a part of his life. After all, we are only in-laws." Fiona sounded apprehensive, almost scared.
 "You are the girls' grandmother, Fiona," Kylena replied and reached out for her companion's hands. "Nobody can change that and there is no way I want to come between you, the girls and John."
"Thank you," whispered the older woman.
"And that blood test business. I won't say a word, though I doubt if John would condemn you for doing it. Tell me, though, if it had been negative what would you have done?"
"Confronted my daughter," Fiona replied. "That was when I began to see John's perspective of the marriage. I guess that's why we became so close throughout her illness. He's a fine man, Kylena."
"I know. That's why I love him and feel proud to be carrying his child." She laughed and slapped her friend's arm. "God, we're getting sentimental, aren't we?"
"Yes," whispered Fiona. "But I'm glad we had our little chat." 
*
After Easter a moving van arrived at the schoolhouse and everyone helped Vicky Taylor move in. While the schoolhouse was empty, the board refurbished three rooms so the place looked crisp and smelt of fresh paint and polish.
"It's so different," Kylena commented that evening after they arrived home to relaxed in their lounge. "It's amazing how one's personality is reflected in the furnishings and personal items. I've never seen so many books and all those CDs…"
"I agree," John grinned and glanced around the room where they were sitting. Kylena's sofa, armchairs, wall cabinet and television had replaced his own that had been relegated to the smaller adjacent room. Also, two modern abstract paintings were now hanging on the wall.
"Okay," Kylena retorted and slapped his leg. "You said you didn't mind how I set the room out."
"Oh I don't," laughed John. "This room is you, my dear. That's why I love it so much."
"And if you get sick of it you can walk next door," Kylena grinned, tucked her legs up on the sofa and buried her head in her partner's chest. "You know, I have never lived in such a huge place. It's like a palace."
"And you're the princess," John whispered. He bent down, moved a strand of hair out of the way and kissed her ear.
"Yuk," cried Julie who had just walked in with supper on a tray. "I know you're meant to be in love but this is ridiculous." She glared at the pair. " Kylena, you're getting fat. Don't you think you should buy a maternity smock?" 
*
Even though Harold spent a great deal of time by himself, drawing, writing or just walking over the farm, he did spend more time at the main house and much of this time was with Fiona. Early the following afternoon he strolled into the kitchen to find her cooking.
"Have you got a spare hour?" he said in a hesitant voice.
"Sure," Fiona replied.
"There's something in the top gully I'd like to show you," he said. "Do you reckon you can make it down a steep track if we go to the top plateau."
"If you can, I can," Fiona retorted. "Give me ten minutes to get my boots and old clothes and I'll be with you."
When Harold drove the old jeep up the plateau track Fiona clung on to the seat, pretended she wasn't scared and gazed at Sissy who had her head stuck out the opened rear window. However, there were no problems and they were soon on the top plateau behind the cabin. The garden had gone now with the roses transferred down to the bottom cottage and the gate left open so sheep could graze the small yard.
"How long were you there, Harold?" Fiona asked.
"Close on four years," he muttered with a shrug. "I guess that was a phase of my life I had to work through."
"And would you go back?"
Harold glanced sideways at his passenger. "It was in many ways a dream world, Fiona. I had Sissy and lived on memories that turned into fantasies, things that might have been rather than things that are." He changed gears. “But to answer your question, no I would not like to go back."
"Why?" Fiona asked in a blunt voice.
"You," the man replied and coloured slightly. "I mean your family. John, the girls and you have made me appreciate people again." He grinned. "I guess I should include our young school teacher in your family now. She is one dynamic lass."
"She is, isn't she?" Fiona replied and smiled at the rugged exterior of the man beside her.
Two hundred metres beyond the cabin, Harold turned the jeep around beside a deep ravine that seemed to appear out of nowhere. "My own little area," he muttered.
An excited Sissy jumped straight out and disappeared, yelping, down the far slope. A moment later she returned with tail wagging in anticipation. Fiona, rubbed the little dog's ears, followed her to the edge of the plateau and glanced around. The ravine was a couple of hundred metres long by a hundred wide and was completely hidden from the plateau. To their left, a row of small steps disappeared down the steep valley side beneath a thick foliage of trees and ferns. Wind rustled the branches and birds twittered everywhere.
"A stream comes in the top end from the valley beyond the Top Oasis boundary," Harold said and pointed to the northern end. "It flows through this valley, goes underground there and reappears down in Kelvin Newson's property just beyond the school."
"It's beautiful," Fiona whispered. "Can we go down?"
"It's steep," Harold warned. "That's why I cut the steps. As far as I know, I'm the only person who comes here."
"And now there's me.”
"It's more than just a piece of virgin bush," Harold continued. "Come down and I'll show you."
While Sissy dashed ahead the two humans made a more cautious descent. The sunny slope turned to a shady cover of overhanging bows, moisture dripped off the foliage and cicadas cackled everywhere. The steepest section had a wooden ladder fastened to the bank and a thick steel rope. Fiona turned climbed down backwards and grinned as Harold hoisted Sissy onto his shoulders before he followed. They were now under the trees and in a grotto of vegetation with only a patch of blue sky above. Bird and insect noises were complemented by the faint gurgle of moving water. A damp but not unpleasant smell impregnated the area.
"Oh Harold," Fiona sighed. “It’s a wonderland."
"Sissy likes it," the man replied in a soft voice. "I did most of my drawings down here. I'd pack a few sandwiches, bring my sketch pad and Sissy down and we would spend a day here."
Fiona glanced at him and that feeling of affinity flushed through her. It was such a peaceful spot sealed off from the world but she would not like to be here by herself. Her thoughts of the solitary figure sitting down sketching with only his little dog for company brought a lump to her throat. She reached back and brushed his arm.
"Careful," he said. "It can get slippery." His hand touched her shoulder and she turned to smile back at him.
"Didn't you wish you had someone to share all this with?" she asked.
"At times, but I became used to just Sissy's company. Dogs take you for what you are…" His voice trailed off so for a moment the crunch of their footsteps through the spiky grass replaced their speech.
At the bottom, the track turned parallel to the tiny stream. Fiona stepped in beside her companion and watched, fascinated, as a monstrous dragonfly darted by. Frogs added their monotonous croaks to the other sounds. Fiona smiled again at Harold and reached out for his hand. They touched and clasped. Nothing was said but her tiny hand remained in his and she felt at peace.
"Do you know much about flora?" Harold asked and squeezed her hand just a fraction. 
"Next to nothing about New Zealand plants and trees," Fiona admitted. “At home, though, I knew most of the trees. We mainly had evergreens, you know firs and so forth but there were also maples and introduced European trees."
Harold grinned and proceeded to point out all the various native trees around them. Finally he stopped and pushed his way though a small patch of quite heavy foliage. "I purposely kept this away from the track," he said and pointed to three different looking trees. They were about five metres high and covered in leaves and the remains of tiny flowers.
"They are called the tree daisy, a native deciduous tree. In early summer they're a mass of those sweet scented flowers," Harold explained. 
Fiona noted the enthusiasm in her friend's voice as he described the tree. “I’ve never seen one before," she said.
Harold grinned. "Neither have most New Zealanders. They're one of the most rare native trees in the country and only grow in this part of the country. There are less than sixty of them in existence."
"Oh I see," Fiona replied with interest in her voice. “But why are there so few?"
"They can't compete with open pastoral land, and introduced pests such as the opossum and so forth have contributed to killing them out. I discovered these three by purest chance and have been looking after them ever since." He reached and plucked off a small clump of flowers and handed it to Fiona."
"That bunch would probably be worth a fortune in New York or London," he said.
"Oh Harold," Fiona smiled as she took the small posy. “How sweet."
Harold shrugged and placed a hand in his pocket. "Sissy," he called.
The little dog came running out from the undergrowth and looked expectantly up. Harold smiled and held out a dog biscuit. "Tradition," he chuckled. "Sissy always has to have her biscuit here."
Fiona's eyes found his and she smiled again. The more she found out about the man in front of her, the more she liked.
'Well, we'd better be heading back," Harold said a few moments later. "It can be quite a slog back up those steps."
"Thanks for bringing me here," Fiona said. She smiled as the little dog clumped down the last of her biscuits and stared up for more.
"Back at the jeep," Harold laughed. "You know the rules."
Sissy swished her tail and trotted along the path.
*

CHAPTER 11
"There's someone out there watching us," Harold grunted from the side seat in the cab of John's tractor. With the two dogs and Harold inside it was a tight squeeze but the mid-winter storm did not encourage anyone to be out in the elements.
The mighty New Holland tractor was John's first large purchase since his arrival at Top Oasis and was equipped with a completely enclosed cab and facilities to attach most farm equipment. It had a huge round bale of hay suspended on a hydraulic bar behind and already; the cattle on the plateau were waiting to be fed.
"How do you know?" John shouted above the roar of the engine. He leaned forward to wipe the inside of the windshield. "I can't see more than ten yards in this downpour." The wipers were on full speed but could only just cope with the hail and sleet pinging on the glass.
"Sissy knows," Harold grunted.
John glanced left to where the little fox terrier was sitting up with her front paws on the console and back legs on Harold's lap. Her ears were pitched forward on high alert and her tail thumped in excitement. In contrast, Bella was lying relaxed on the ledge under the rear window, seemingly without a care in the world.
"Right," John retorted. "I'll get the hay rolled out and we'll see if our plan works."
He stopped the tractor, flipped the hood of his raincoat over his head and jumped down from the cab. Freezing sleet hit his face and icy air buffed him. The black cattle stood back in anticipation with small clouds of vapour puffing from their noses as the farmer walked to the rear of the vehicle. He sliced the plastic covering off the bale and pulled the first section down like a mat. 
"Okay, Harold," he screamed against the wind and watched as the tractor moved slowly forward. As it did, the bale of hay began to unwind like a gigantic toilet paper roll. The dozens of cattle rushed in and began feeding.
John shouted and the tractor stopped. He ran back to the cab, the operation was repeated twice in different parts of the paddock and they headed off the plateau. On a normal day this would complete their work on this part of the farm. They would go down, pick up the truck and feed out the traditional rectangular bales on the lower paddocks.
However, today John pulled the New Holland in by the bank and switched off. He zipped his coat up again, grabbed a rifle off a clip behind and tucked a mobile phone in his pocket. Harold glowered at the rifle but made no comment as he pulled his rain gear close. The men and their dogs jumped down onto the track. Dirty water poured by their feet but below the ridge they were sheltered from the full onslaught of the storm. 
John glanced at Bella. "Quiet, girl," he ordered. "Seek!"
Bella's tail wagged in acknowledgement and her large eyes gazed up at him. The bearded collie knew what was expected and preceded to trot across the hill face without making a sound. Sissy also sensed the urgency of the moment and followed. The four made their way forward for twenty minutes before they arrived at the far boundary of the farm but still below the crest of the plateau itself.
Above them, the land narrowed like the apex of a triangle into another a steep valley. Ahead was the corner of Kelvin's place and the forested national park. Of more interest though, was the small windy road ahead. Aptly named Top Ridge Road, it wound up from the valley below, followed the edge of Top Oasis for a couple of hundred metres before dipping down Kelvin's boundary into a second valley. From there it wound through hinterland before finally joining Long Valley Road on a ridge about seven kilometres beyond the school. Their destination was a small yard and loading ramp in the corner of John's property.
"Here, girl," the farmer ordered his dog and the four crouched down, listened a moment and crept forward so they could see over the ridge.
"Told you," Harold whispered as he wiped rain off his eyebrows.
"Bastards," muttered John.
A truck was backed into the loading ramp with three men could be driving cattle up the wooden ramp into it. There was a sense of urgency as two dogs chased cattle through an open gate. The cattle ran in, the gate was shut and another group was ready for loading.
These were John's animals and the modern day rustlers were stealing them. 
A week earlier, Harold had discovered tire marks and signs of the yards being used and told John of his suspicions. Covert inquiries at a Hunterville pub had found information of out of town cattle trucks driving through the district loaded with cattle. This had raised the local's suspicion as there were no local sales at the moment and freezing works were all closed for the winter. It did not take a lot of counting for John to realize he was down eighty beasts from the top plateau. A few could be missed in a casual count but nothing like that number. He was the one being robbed.
The local constable had been informed and a plan formed to flush the buggers out, as the locals described it, was formatted.
John glowered and grabbed the mobile phone. 'Hello Kelvin,” he snapped into it. "They're here. … Yes a blue truck and trailer unit. I can't read the name from this distance… They've loaded the trailer and the truck is about half full. Give me about ten minutes before you block the road… Right. Thanks, Kelvin. See you soon."
He punched in another number and spoke again. "Detective Kingsfield? John Berg here. Your informants were right. The truck is half loaded and Kelvin Newson has his end blocked…" He listened to precise instructions, responded, clicked off and grinned at Harold. “Now the theatrics," he whispered.
"Yeah, but don't kill anyone," Harold warned.
"I won't. You get the jeep." John, with water streaming off his hat, grunted. "Come on, Bella."
He sneaked forward while Harold and Sissy went in the opposite direction towards the jeep hidden behind a clump of scrub further along the road.
John waved at him and stood up. "You bastards!" he screamed at the top of his voice and muttered. "Bark, Bella."
The little dog did. John jumped up and ran towards the startled rustlers but stopped short, knelt down, lifted his rifle and fired. Three shots were off in quick succession with one pinging off the metal of the truck's cab. The rifleman was deadly accurate and a second shot almost parted one character's hair as he dived for cover beneath the vehicle.
Other reactions were just as spectacular. Two men turned in alarm to see the farmer charging down at them with a barking dog beside him. Even as they watched, another round was fired and the back window of the truck shattered in a million pieces.
*
"Holly shit," the man closest to the edge of the yards yelled and headed for the truck.
"Leave the rest," the third man ordered. He belted the beast about to enter the truck on the rump, it jumped forward and he slid the cage shut.
Within seconds, the three were in the cab, a cloud of diesel smoke flew into the air and the vehicle began to roll forward up the road where Kelvin was waiting.
"Okay Bella." John grinned in spite of the seriousness of the situation. "That'll do."
The dog, looking a little like a drenched rat, stopped barking and stare up at her master.
"We'll wait for Harold," John watched as the truck accelerated off before he walked across and opened the rear yard gate. He ordered Bella to chase the dozen or so cattle in the pens back into the paddock.
The jeep appeared. John and his dog jumped in.
Harold glanced sideways and grunted. "You're pretty deadly with that rifle. As Kelvin would say, I reckon you scared the shit out of them."
"Yeah," John replied. "They even headed up the road as we anticipated. Obliging of them, wasn't it?" He produced the mobile phone and was onto Kelvin within seconds. “They’re on their way," he said and punched in another number. 
 It was the police. After he brought them up to date they said they would be about five minutes behind them.
" Right," John replied and grinned across at Harold. "About half a mile to Kelvin's road block," he said and sat back to relax for a moment. 
*
The capture of the three rustlers would have been an anticlimax except for one thing. The police car arrived just behind the jeep. Kelvin, his brother, Frank Amberley and a couple of other locals had parked a D8 Caterpillar bulldozer across the road and had the cattle truck surrounded before the rustlers realized there was an ambush.
Within minutes, Brian Kingsfield and a local constable had the men handcuffed in the police van. 
 John studied the three and realized he knew the leader. It was Mic Werner, Kylena's ex-husband. John's face dropped. He swallowed, stuck his jaw out and purposely walked forward with the rifle grasped in his hands.
"You!" he snarled and caught the man's eyes. "You despicable little bastard. I've a good mind to…" The rifle barrel raised a fraction.
Brian Kingsfield though, intercepted him. "Leave it be, John." The detective clasped a hand on John's arm "He isn't worth it."
"Yeah, I guess but that's the bastard who would have raped and killed Kylena if I hadn't arrived. He's a merciless killer."
"Possibly, but let the court deal with him." replied the policeman, " I reckon we've got a case to have him put away for quite a while. If you threaten or assault him, it will only work to his advantage in the long run." 
"Listen to him, John," Harold said.
The farmer stared at the police car with venom in his eyes. "Tell the bastard if he as much as sets one foot within a mile of Kylena I won't aim over his head next time." he whispered and stalked back to the jeep.
The policeman hesitated, caught Harold's eye and sighed. "Tell John we'll do what we can but he should not take the matters into his own hands."
Harold nodded. "I'll try," he said.
"Well, mate," Kingsfield muttered at Werner when he arrived back at the car. “You are one lucky bastard."
"How do you figure that?" Werner retorted.
"If we weren't here, I reckon your brains would have been blown out by now. John Berg said if he sees you near the place again that's exactly what he'll do." He grimaced. "I would not take his threat lightly if I was you."
*
Werner was about to mutter a sarcastic reply when he gazed out the window. Less than ten metres away John stood with hands clasped to his rifle and eyes that bore into him. The expression in those eyes sent a shudder up the criminal's back. He was a tough customer but felt fear that moment, the fear that cowards find when they are on the receiving end of a situation. He had no understanding of remorse so took John's gaze literally. The big American was not one to cross, those eyes said. 
*
That evening in the Top Oasis kitchen, Kylena placed the telephone down and turned to John. "That was the police. They've remanded Mic in custody, John," she whispered but could not hide the quiver in he voice. “To think he's been hanging around our farm for at least a month." Her lips trembled but the comfort of her partner's arms helped force those terrible memories, once again to the back of her mind.
Helen rushed forward and hugged the back of Kylena's skirt. "Daddy will look after you, Mommy," she almost cried. On her own initiative she now called Kylena, Miss Delton at school and Mommy at home. The word, instead of the New Zealand Mummy made the teacher feel proud.
"Oh Sweetheart," she replied, lifted the heavy child up over her enlarged tummy and smothered her with a kiss. "I know he will." She grinned at John and a worried looking Julie who was also in the room. "I'm so lucky to have you all to look after me." 
*
 "Checkmate," John said, beamed, leaned back on the comfortable chair in Harold's tiny front room and glanced at the rain outside. This was only the second time he'd beaten Harold at chess out of over two-dozen encounters. Almost every morning after dropping the girls off at school, John spent an hour or more with Harold before the pair went up to the farm and began the daily feed out of hay to the animals.
"You're getting better," Harold replied as he packed the pieces up and handed John a massive mug of tea, it was always tea, and fixed a his eyes on him.
"So when are you marrying that girl of yours," he asked in a blunt voice. "She's becoming quite rotund."
"Next year, I guess." 
"After the baby arrives?" 
"That's what Kylena wants. Why?"
"You young people." Harold scratched his forehead. "It seems all back to front to me. In our day we got married, had sex and babies arrived later.'
"I know," John laughed. "It takes a bit of getting used to but if you can't beat them, join them, I think the old cliché goes."
"Well, you did that," Harold muttered.
John studied the older man. There was something else in his friend's mannerism that suggested the conversation was leading beyond casual gossip. "Why, what's all this marriage talk, Harold?" he asked.
"I'm the old fashioned sort," the man replied.
"So?"
Harold leaned back and sipped his tea. "Your children's grandmother," he muttered in a voice so quiet it was hardly heard. "Do you think …" He stopped, tossed half a biscuit at Sissy and turned his eyes back to his friend. "I'm only three years older than her and I was wondering if…" he hesitated again.
"Have you bedded her yet?" 
"I have not," snapped Harold, saw John's smile and gave a chuckle. "Okay, I asked for that but I've got feelings for Fiona and believe she feels the same."
"Believe? Haven't you asked her how she feels?" 
"The opportunity hasn't arisen," Harold blurted out. "I wanted your opinion on the situation."
John knew his mother-in-law. She had had affairs back home but he couldn't tell Harold that, of course. He was sure she was interested, though.
"Fiona is always talking about you Harold. Take my advice and go for it." He grinned. "The whole hog, I'd say."
"Thanks," retorted Harold with an annoyed frown. He glanced at the wall clock and changed the topic. "Come on, we've got the feeding out to do."
"Sorry," John replied. "I shouldn't have joked about it but Fiona is keen, Harold. The next step is yours, isn't it? Think of it as a game of chess. You have to think several moves ahead."
"Aye lad." Harold broke into a grin. "I guess it is." 
*
"Grandma," said Julie.
Fiona looked up from the book she was reading. "Yes dear."
"Why are old people too scared to do anything?"
Fiona frowned and placed the book down. "What do you mean, Julie?" she asked.
"I thought it was wrong when Dad started going out with Kylena and look what happened," she said.
"But you didn't mind," Fiona replied.
"Oh, I don't. I'm thrilled." Her eyes glued on Fiona. "It's you I'm thinking about."
"Me?” gasped her grandmother.
"Oh, for God's Sake, Grandma," Julie retorted "Harold."
"I admit he's a nice man but…"
"Damn sight better than that Bud Sutton or even Steve Litchfield back home,"
Fiona flushed. She never realized her granddaughter knew of her men friends back home.
"Grandma, Harold is one of the shyest men around. You need to push a little or you'll get nowhere."
"Thanks," Fiona muttered.
"That's why I rung him earlier and said you slipped and twisted your ankle. He's coming over to visit." 
"Julie," Fiona gasped. "That's dishonest."
"Isn't it?" The youngster smirked. "Anyhow, I'm off to bed. Night, Grandma."
She gave her grandmother a kiss on the cheek and left the room. Fiona shook her head and grinned at the cat. "She's a naughty girl, isn't she, Ginger?' she chuckled when she heard a knock on the door.
"Hello Harold," she said after opening it and saw the look of concern on his face.
"Julie phoned and said you'd slipped of the step ladder and sprained your ankle," he began and gazed down at her feet.
"The little monkey lied." Fiona laughed, "Come in anyhow. It's so nice to realize you care enough to come straight over."
"Did she, now?" the man replied. "I shall have to speak to her teacher about these devious practices." He walked into the warm kitchen and stood looking self-conscious.
"Oh Harold," Fiona continued. "You don't need an excuse to visit me. You should know that." She took his hands, bent up and kissed him on the cheek. "We may be getting gray and wrinkled but inside we are the same, aren't we? I mean, our needs and desires."
"Yes," Harold stumbled but still held his arms around her. "I know what you mean."
"Then relax," Fiona whispered. "Kylena and John are out and the kids are in bed. There's only us." 
*
Four hours later, Harold slipped out the back door and headed home with a spring in his step he never knew he had. The experience of the evening knocked thirty years off his life. This was as exciting as those university days when he departed from the girls' dormitory before the matron locked and bolted all the doors.
He never realized Fiona could be so, well sexy. He coughed. My God he hadn't been so aroused for years and when she wanted to go all the way, John's advice had played in his mind so he did.
*
In the downstairs bedroom, Fiona too was thinking back over the evening. She didn't have to do much persuading at all. She knew Harold was a lonely man but he certainly hadn't lost his physical abilities. She rolled over, pulled the blankets up and fell asleep with a smile on her face. 
*
Kylena and John had Saturday to themselves. Julie was visiting Melanie for the afternoon and Fiona said she'd entertain Helen. The sun was shining so they packed a picnic hamper and headed to the top plateau where John wanted to explore the upper section of the stream.
When they arrived they stood in the sunshine to gaze around. In front, the road curved away through a cutting while behind, the ranges were backed by the snow-covered Mount Ruapehu. A steep, grass covered hillside sloped away from Harold's gully, where the tree daisies were, to the stream. A belt of willow trees stretched along the bank while, further back, a deep valley was filled with thick ferns, tall totara and other native trees.
Kylena sat on the grass and replaced her good footwear with old sneakers while John slipped on a backpack and glanced over at her. As usual she looked so fresh and young in her latest style shorts and white tanktop and her pregnant condition in his eyes added to her beauty. He beamed and received a warm smile in return.
"Come on, John," she called and reached out for his hand. "Let's go but remember our promise. No school, farm or relations talk at all this afternoon. It's too nice a day."
"You're on," he replied.
They climbed the Top Oasis boundary fence and made their way into the steep narrow valley where the steam tumbled down through rocks in a series of mini waterfalls. The silence was only punctuated by tumbling water and chirping cicadas along the banks. Finally, they came to a grassy area cut off from the rest of the world by towering cliffs. Rays of sunlight blazed through overhanging ferns and bounced off the colourful wings of half a dozen fantails, cheeky little native birds that chirped and flitted around, catching gnats in the air.
"Look," whispered Kylena as a red and black butterfly flapped across in front of her.
"This will do nicely for lunch," commented John. He pushed through the knee-high grass to find a small sandy section bathed in sunlight. Kylena followed and, together they unloaded the backpack and lay on the warm bank to munch sandwiches, talk, drink coffee from a thermos and relax tired leg muscles.
Kylena leaned her head against a large smooth rock and closed her eyes while John watched. He bent down and without a sound, kissed her lips. She responded by flinging her arms around him but he toppled and they slid several metres down the slight decline. 
"Oh John," she laughed as he held her in his arms and deposited a kiss on her lips, slipped his hand up her tanktop and clutched her brassiere. "You naughty man," but her response was a bruising kiss back.
John grabbed her, lifted the tanktop over her head and pulled her towards him so he could reach around and undo the tiny clips of her bra. 
"Don't stop," she whispered, grabbed his hand and placed it on her heaving bosom. She leaned back on the grass and smiled while he massaged and kissed the erect nipples. 
"Now, John," she screamed and clung on with fingernails digging into his broad shoulders and knees moved out to give her lover room. 
They reached a spontaneous orgasm of writhing moaning bodies thrusting and vibrating in one frantic movement of sheer delight. With a low moan he halted and held quivering buttocks as sperm ejaculated deep within the woman he loved. For several moments she continued to thrust, moan, kiss and cling until her own orgasm subsided and she lay, bathed in perspiration with her arms around his neck.
"Hell, my dear," she whispered. "Do you really have to work me up like that?"
"Me," he exclaimed with an innocent shrug and tickled her armpits.
She giggled, flung her arms around him again, deposited a kiss on his neck and tucked her head into him. Overhead, the fantails still darted around and the stream tumbled by. It was their world, a secluded beautiful spot that reflected their commitment for each other.
"I love you, John."
"Kylena, I love you, too," he replied.
" ...And remember it as the place where we made love twice," Kylena added.
"Twice," replied John. "I only remembered once."
"Don't worry," whispered Kylena. "I'll get you ready for the second round."
And she did. 
 *

CHAPTER 12
September brought change to Top Oasis. It was spring and the busiest season of the farm year. Though only breakfast time, John had already been out two hours doing the lamb beat in pouring rain. Since the lambs had begun to arrive, the weather had been continuous rain and the implement shed was filled with a dozen orphaned lambs that the girls had to bottle feed every morning.
Other changes were apparent, too. The third term was over, school holidays had arrived and Kylena was on the first day of maternity leave. In the new term, Courtney O'Reilly would take the senior class while Vicky Taylor, after six months at Long Valley Road School would become acting principal. This situation was a worry to Kylena and was one reason she'd left her leave for so long. 
"It's not that Vicky isn't a good teacher," she explained to John.” She is, but can’t be decisive enough in administration or when dealing with parents. One or two sense this and are already beginning to boss her around. I'd rather have Courtney's maturity."
"I know," John replied and chuckled. "Anyhow, Julie won't let her get away with anything, will she?"
Kylena grinned, "That's for sure. She's as good as an extra teacher around the place. Only last week she just about flattened one of the Year 6 boys who sniggered about my size." She rubbed a hand over her protruding tummy. 'Three months to go, My Love. It seems like the time will never arrive. Also, there is that visit to see my parents to get through.”
Even though it was a busy time on the farm John promised to accompany Kylena on a journey to Christchurch, a South Island city five hundred kilometres away to visit her parents. 
*
When the ATR 72 aircraft flew into Christchurch airport, Kylena became quite glum and glanced in apprehension out the window as the Canterbury Plains rolled out beneath them.
"A duty trip," she commented when John asked what the trouble was. "Dad's a great guy but I'm afraid my mother and I don't get on that well. Dad's retired but Mum is still working with one of those multinational firms as a district manager. That’s the trouble. She's so used to giving orders she can't relax." She shrugged. "I haven't told her of my condition, either." 
"So all the childhood memories flood back," John replied.
"That's it, exactly," she replied. "Anyhow, it's only for a few days, Christchurch is a beautiful city and there are lots of things the girls will enjoy."
In the terminal building, the family had just picked up their bags when there was a cough and a man in his sixties came striding across the room. "Kylena," he called and reached out. “How’s my beautiful daughter?"
"I'm fine, Dad," she responded and rushed into his arms. "My, you look great." 
"Well, it's all that golf," he responded and pumped John's hand enthusiastically when they were introduced. 'Call me Andy, John,” he said. Even though Kylena was obviously pregnant, Andy Delton did not mention it but turned to the girls. 'Hi, you must be Julie and Helen. I've heard so much about you both.' He opened a small satchel and brought out two massive bags of assorted candy to hand to each girl. "I don't know what you like but all youngsters enjoy sweets," he smiled.
"Gee thanks, Mr. Delton," Helen responded while Julie smiled and accepted the gift.
"And where's, Mum?" Kylena asked.
"Working." Her father shrugged. "She'll be home this evening."
He led them out to an old station wagon and twenty minutes later they arrived at a modern suburban house. The early afternoon passed by pleasantly and, even though her father protested, Kylena insisted on preparing the evening meal. 
"Look, John enjoys golf, Dad. Why don't you take him down to your local club?"
"Would you like a round?" Andy's eyes lit up as he turned to John.
"Sure," John replied but turned to his partner. "Will you be okay, Kylena?" he asked.
"Fine," she replied. "I'll take the girls to the Olympic indoor swimming pool later. " 
The trio had an interesting trip across the city and, as expected, the girls were enthusiastic about Queen Elizabeth Park Olympic pool. Helen managed to swim right across the pool while Julie braved a jump off the top diving board. Their swim was followed by a snack in the pool's restaurant and a bus ride back to Kylena's parent's place.
The girls were watching Kylena peeling potatoes when she heard a car pull into the drive. The presence of someone in the house was immediate when a thin woman in her mid fifties walked into the kitchen. "For crying out loud, Kylena," stated a piercing voice. "You're pregnant."
"Hello Mum," the younger woman replied and gave her mother an awkward hug. "Dad's taken John down for a round of golf."
"Figures," Ethel Delton replied without any real interest. "But what about this condition of yours? You could have written and told me."
"That's because I knew what your response would be," Kylena retorted. After only two minutes she was already annoyed and wished John was around to provide support.
Ethel fixed her eyes on Kylena for a second before she noticed the teenager waiting at the door. "Hello dear," she said. "Julie, isn't it?"
"Yes" the girl responded and looked ready to jump to Kylena's defence until her stepmother's smile made her relax a little. 
"Oh, I love that American accent," Ethel responded. "Tell me, how do you like our little country."
"We love it here, Mrs. Delton but only because we have Kylena in our family." Julie's blue eyes stared at the older woman for a second before she switched her attention to her sister. "Come on Helen, let's go down to the park. I'll get you an ice cream from the dairy. Dad gave me some money."
"Can we, Mommy?" Helen glanced up at Kylena.
"Yes but be back by five o'clock, okay?"
"Sure Kylena," Julie responded, gave the other woman a slight smile, grabbed her sister's hand and disappeared outside.
"Mommy? Kylena? My the young ladies are certainly familiar aren't they?" Ethel muttered. "But they're Americans, I suppose."
"Oh, for God sake, Mum," Kylena snapped. "What do you expect them to call me, Miss Delton?"
"Well, in your condition I guess it's a bit late for that isn't it?"
"I knew it, " Kylena's voice became low. "You know nothing of my situation, Mum yet you rush in being judgmental. If you must know, I have never been so happy in my life and that includes when I was a child." She grimaced. "I came here out of courtesy because I thought, that for just once you might be happy for me. I will not, though, stand here and have you criticize my new family."
Ethel Delton coloured slightly. "I'm sorry dear but taking on a grown family with a man I believe is ten years older than you and arriving here heavily pregnant. Even you must admit it is not normal."
"And I suppose you'd rather I stayed with Mic and be beaten up once a week," Kylena retorted. "Frankly, Mum, I don’t really care what you think. John is a marvellous man; I love him and am carrying his child. You either accept that or you don't. That is up to you but, for God's sake, at least be civil to him and the girls," Her eyes glared out in anger. "At least Dad made us welcome."
The older Delton woman swallowed. "But…" she began.
"No Mum," Kylena screamed as tears built in her eyes. "No buts or maybes. Ever since I was Julie's age you tried to push your opinions and values onto me. Dad gets by, by ignoring you but I do not have to put up with it. Understand?" She flung a tea towel that was in her hand down. "I'm sorry, Mum but that's the truth. Perhaps if you realized I've grown up we could be friends. I'm going to the park to see how the girls are getting on. See you, later."
Ethel remained where she was for a moment before she rushed out and caught up with her daughter at the gate. "Can I come, too," she asked in a quiet voice.
Kylena turned. "Yes, Mum," she whispered.
The subdued elder Delton walked beside Kylena in silence for a few moments before she spoke. "And when is the baby due?” she added in a gentler tone.
"January, Mum," Kylena, responded. She relaxed a little but couldn't help comparing her mother's attitude with that of Fiona. They couldn't be further apart. 
*
Three days passed. Ethel was polite to John and awkward with the girls but at least, it appeared she was trying to make their stay pleasant. Kylena’s dad more than made up for his wife's attitude and took them everywhere, treated the girls to rides on a gondola that went up to the Port Hills, took them to a zoo, to local malls, the movies and everyone out to an up-market restaurant where he insisted on paying the whole tab. 
"I like your dad," John said on their last evening in Christchurch.
"But Mum is still difficult," Kylena sighed.
"I know," John, responded," I think she’s trying though."
"She is. It's like University days. We always had a row then she'd settle down but next time it would be the same. Poor Dad's been nagged all his life. I don't know how he puts up with her."
"Plays golf and goes to his club," John replied. "You know he's well liked and respected at both those places."
"Yes but Mum did one thing for me."
"And what's that my dear."
Kylena's blue eyes shone into his. "I changed my mind. I want to get married before bubs is born; the sooner the better."
" You do?" gasped her partner.
"Well if you do?" Doubt grew in her voice but she noticed his response and laughed. "I promise not to end up like Mum if that's what you're thinking."
"No, you're like your Dad," John replied.
"And my suggestion?"
John said nothing but pulled her into his chest and ran a hand over her tummy. He next held her out, gazed in her eyes and placed an affectionate kiss on her lips. 
*
Two weeks later in a small civil ceremony in Hunterville, John and Kylena were married. Harold was the best man and Julie bridesmaid. The bride was surprised to see her parents had accepted their invitation and had flown up for the ceremony.
For the first time, perhaps, Ethel could not have been more graceful and John was quite embarrassed when, after the reception, she handed him a check for several thousand dollars. 
"This is for the girl's education," she said. "I believe Julie is off to boarding school in the new year and I know they can be expensive places. We would also like to open a bank account for the baby when he is born."
"It could be a girl, Ethel," he responded.
"I know," she replied. "It doesn't really matter but the offer is still there."
"And I accept," John smiled. “This is the nicest wedding gift you could give us."
Ethel smiled. "It's not your wedding gift, John," she said. "We bought you both a new automatic washing machine. It’s being delivered today. Kylena said the one in the house was quite small. You'll need a big one with all those baby things to wash." 
John smiled and hugged his new mother-in-law. "Thank you," he said in a whisper.
Ethel looked up at him. "I know Kylena and I have our differences but I do love her, you know."
John nodded and glanced up to where his bride, dressed in a dark blue suit that almost hid her pregnancy was walking back across the room. "Why don't you tell her that," he responded.
"You know, I think I will," Ethel responded. She squeezed John's arm and stepped out to meet her daughter. 
*
Another surprise materialized the next evening when Linda McLean managed to persuade Kylena to go to the local hall on pretence of their being a special meeting of the Country Women’s Institute. When she walked in, the hall was dark and quiet but she could sense other people there. Suddenly the lights went on and a huge banner flopped down from the ceiling.
"Mrs. Kylena Berg, Long Valley Road's newest bride."
A cheer rose and everyone in the whole valley, it seemed plus all the children were there, Tables of food appeared from the back room and a speaker started blaring out music. Streamers appeared from nowhere and coloured lights flicked on.
"And you thought you could sneak away and get married," Linda cried out as a mystified John appeared. Frank had told him he wanted some repairs on the hall checked and the locals had even managed to hide their cars in an out-of-sight paddock.
Kylena looked up to see Julie, Helen, her Mum and Dad walk in. "You knew, too?" she gasped.
"Of course," Julie said. 
"Oh my God, I'm overwhelmed," Kylena responded as three ladies appeared with a massive bunch of flowers and an enormous gift wrapped in pink paper. "To our favourite principal (and John, too)", it said.
With Helen's help, Kylena opened the present to reveal a baby's bassinet with a gigantic teddy bear tucked in the bed filled with more presents; all sorts of baby items from soap to toys. Kylena just stood and gazed around the room.
 "Thank you." She smiled. "Thank you everyone. I'm overwhelmed."
"Yeah, well we've got something for John, too," Harold grunted. He reached behind the ancient hall piano and withdrew another present that looked like a book to hand to the groom.
It was. When John opened the gift, read the title, gave a chuckle and handed it onto his wife.
"Okay, what's it called?" someone called out.
John held the book up. "The Expectant Father and the Working Mother,” he read "A guide to modern family life."
A ripple of laughter ran through the room and another voice pierced the air. "Yeah, we want Kylena back at school next year, mate, so you're better digest everything in it."
John tucked one arm around his wife and another around Julie while Helen cuddled in front of them all. Two cameras flashed and spontaneous applause broke out. It was a night to remember. 
*
A week slipped by, the girls were back at school and John had just returned from the morning farm chores when Kylena looked up from the computer screen and smiled. 
"There's a letter from your accountant in New York on the bench," she said. 
When John read the letter a deep frown crossed his brow. He flicked through the wad of pages and turned back to reread the front page.
"Problems?" 
John nodded. "It's from my lawyer. My brother has filed a court case against me and it will be heard during the first week in November."
"But I thought you had settled everything with him." Kylena stood and walked across to examine at the letter.
"Yes, but he wants more," John snorted.
"How can that be?"
"It's long and complicated but is a continuance of the case contesting my father's will. Gary is three years older than me and my parents supported him through university where he ended up with a PhD while I got a two-year agricultural diploma and returned to work on the ranch.  Pop died a few years after Mom. In his will, he left two thirds of everything to me and a third to Gary."
"And did your brother help on the ranch?"
John shrugged. "No. We hardly saw him. He moved to California just after he graduated. I helped Pop on the farm for ten years before he died. Anyhow, Gary contested the will and we came to an out of court settlement where I agreed he could have fifty percent of the estate. I bought him out at the market rate three years ago."
"Sounds like your father was being fair and you have one miser of a brother my dear."
"Oh he is," John snorted. He turned to the letter. "That's the trouble. I sold the ranch to a developer for about twenty percent higher than the original evaluation. Gary is now claiming an extra five hundred thousand dollars that he reckons is his share of the ranch sale price."
Kylena stared." Oh my God," she exclaimed "But the ranch was in your name, wasn't it?"
"Oh it was," John replied. "He found some loophole in the law and is suing me. My lawyer said in his covering letter that unless I defend it, Gary has a very good chance of winning." He shrugged. "All my money is tied up in Top Oasis. To pay that amount, plus lawyer's fees will mean I'll have to get a heavy mortgage here or sell the farm."
"The bastard," Kylena hissed. "Why don't you just ignore it? American courts have no jurisdiction in New Zealand and most of your capital is here."
John sighed. "I know, my sweet, but if they decide in his favour and don't pay up, I'd be an outcast and could not return to The States."
"So what do you do?"
John placed the document on the bench and pointed to a paragraph on the front page. "My lawyer suggests a counter claim under the New York State equivalent of New Zealand's Family Protection Act. Basically, if we can prove my family, and that's you too, of course, will suffer undue hardship as a result of his claim, it could be lowered or even dismissed. Also, we have to prove no malice or dishonesty was intended when I signed the original agreement.
"What do you mean?"
"Gary is claiming I knew the ranch was worth more than that original evaluation and it was my intention to sell it at the higher price and leave the country."
"Nice fellow," snorted his wife.
"It seems a long shot but Orley, that's my lawyer, gives us a fifty-fifty chance of winning and better odds at having the amount reduced. I have to attend personally, though."
"Then I'm coming, too," Kylena snorted.
"But the cost and your pregnancy?"
"I have some money saved and will only be seven months on in November." She grimaced. "How long will the case last?"
"All the preliminary stuff can be done by Orley. I'd say a week at the most, probably less. Whatever the outcome, we should be back by mid November."
"Well, we have plenty of time," Kylena said with that determined streak. "If you go, I will, too." She grinned. “I’ve never been to America."
It didn't take too much to make John agree to Kylena's suggestion and the only change to their original plan was an offer from Fiona to pay for the girls to make the journey back. 
"No, I insist," she told them. "Harold and I will look after the place and a couple of weeks off school will do them no harm."
"But what about yourself, Fiona?" Kylena asked. "Wouldn't you like to go back?"
"No," Fiona smiled. "There's nothing in America for me, now." She glanced up at John. "That's why I came with John in the first place."
*
In the last weekend of October, John flew out of New Zealand with his family, two excited daughters and his new wife.
 Three days doing all the tourist things in Los Angeles still didn't really prepare Kylena for the small city of Syracuse. It was similar in size to her hometown of Christchurch but the surrounding countryside was different. Whereas Christchurch was surrounded by farmlands stretching back to New Zealand's Southern Alps about three quarter of a million people lived in the counties around the Northern New York State city and thirty miles north was the massive expanse of Lake Ontario and Canada. It was fall; the weather was cold and the countryside thick with the reds and yellows of deciduous tree leaves. 
After landing at Hancock International Airport, John picked up a rental car, a massive Pontiac and headed the seventy miles to his old home. Old friends were met and, without exception, welcomed John's new wife into their homes. As expected, the Bern ranch had gone and the visit there was an anti-climax. Their old home had been demolished and a new road ran right through the property. Already three new houses had been constructed and four more were in various stages on construction.
But time came for business and after two days later they headed back to a peasant motel in Syracuse. It was the day before the court case and another friend of John's who lived in the city offered to entertain the girls while the two adults visited Oily Williamson at his downtown office. He was a pleasant man in his mid forties who, like everyone else they'd met, greeted Kylena with enthusiasm.
*
After summarizing the procedures, the lawyer turned to Kylena. "Would you be prepared to go on the stand," he asked in a slow drawl that made John's voice sound in her mind, almost accentless.
"Of course if it will help," she replied.
"It will." Orley replied. "New bride, heavily pregnant prepared to travel half a world to defend her husband's rights. You may be just the person we need to tip the scales our way. Now, I'll need a few details of your combined incomes, assets, liabilities and so forth."
"I brought all the papers connected with our New Zealand property," John replied.
"And I remembered to bring details of Julie's boarding school fees next year, the income tax we have had to pay in advance and other establishment fees John had to pay in New Zealand plus the taxes he had to pay here before he left New York."
"You are thorough, Kylena," Orley complimented and gave John a dig. "Where did you find this jewel?" he asked.
"Well, I don't know whether to count her as an asset or liability," John said and ignored indignant glance. "He smiled. "I guess she's an asset."
"Thanks," she retorted and turned back to the lawyer. "Top Oasis has not turned a profit since John bought it. I'm on unpaid leave, too." 
"So you're almost broke, baby's due and Julie is off to boarding school."
"We get an allowance from the government for her," John added.
"I didn't hear that," the lawyer replied. "I'd say you made a total commitment to date and are still struggling to make ends meet. I hear you support your former mother-in-law too, John."
"Well," John replied. "Sort of. Fiona arranged to have her superannuation transferred from New York State before she emigrated so she is really independent."
"I never heard that either," Orley chuckled.
Kylena frowned. "Isn't that all a little dishonest?" 
"No," replied the lawyer. "We don't mention it, that's all. If Gary's lawyer finds out about it that's fair enough but why should we help them? I know he is crying poverty and debts as long as your arm."
"But he gets a huge salary," John retorted.
"Yes, and lives highly," the lawyer replied. “That is something I'm about to bring out, too." 
* 
Judge Elizabeth Mroczkowski glanced down at Kylena after the New Zealander had been sworn in and gave a professional; smile.
 "Would you like to have a seat, Mrs. Berg?" she offered but the young woman smiled and declined. You understand our court procedure. Both counsels will ask you questions and also I may if I seek clarification of an item. This is not a jury trial and is more informal."
"I realize that, Your Honour," Kylena replied. 
"Very well," the judge replied. "Mr. Williamson you may begin."
Gary Berg’s lawyer, Thomas Carlson, grilled Kylena for half an hour as he tried to draw out every little detail about her.
"Tell me, Mrs. Berg," he asked. "You were divorced and working as a elementary school principal when you met your husband. Is that correct?"
"Yes."
"Very convenient. Rich American arrives in town with a ready-made family," the man muttered as he gazed over his glasses at the witness.
"A point, Your Honour," Orley said in a quiet voice.
"Yes, Mr. Williamson," the judge replied.
"That is an irrelevant statement bordering on being defamatory. The reason for Kylena Berg's marriage to my client has no bearing on this case."
"I agree. You will change your approach, Mr. Carlson."
"I apologize to the court, Your Honour," the lawyer said in a bored tone and turned back to Kylena. "Can you describe the farm, let me see…" He glanced down at his notes. "Top Oasis that your husband purchased."
"It is a high country sheep and cattle farm, three hundred hectares; that's about seven hundred and fifty acres consisting of steep hill country and a flat plateau. It carries…" Her voice continued with a precise description.
"And compared with adjacent farms, how would you classify it," Carlson asked.
"Most in the district are of comparable size."
"And your house?"
"It's a modern residence…" and so the questioning continued.
Kylena became more depressed. She felt her evidence was hindering their case rather than vice versa. Gary Berg's lawyer was well on the way in establishing John owned a valuable property in New Zealand, in fact one that compared more than favourably with the property he sold in New York State. 
*

CHAPTER 13
After lunch recess Orley came back and in his slow professional manner questioned Kylena about every significant event over the previous year, how she met John, the school troubles, the violent attack by Mic Werner; everything. At the conclusion Judge Mroczkowski asked the witness a few questions and thanked her for attending the hearing. 
"I would now like to call Julie Berg to the stand," Orley stated.
Julie dressed in a modern full-length skirt and new jacket looked pale and nervous as she was sworn in.
"Can you remember your grandfather, Julie?" the lawyer began.
"A little. I was in Grade 3 when he died."
"Tell the hearing what you remember about him."
The girl relaxed a little and gazed at the judge. "I remember he was always smiling, I never saw him angry. He always wore big cowboy hats. He used to sit me on his knee and call me, 'My Little Sunshine'."
Across the room, John squeezed Kylena's hand. He'd forgotten that. 
"He smelt of tobacco and had massive hands that were all cracked. I remember he used to rub Vaseline into them but refused to wear gloves, except in winter, of course."
"And your Uncle Gary. Do you remember him before you emigrated to New Zealand?"
"Oh yes," Julie stated in a clear voice. She scowled across at the man in question. Doctor Gary Berg was as tall as his brother, had similar facial features but was slimmer and had a neatly cut gray beard. He wore a well designed dark suit that made the youngster think of the Douglas Junior High School principal who had come to chat to her the day before. "Once!" she added.
"Only once?" the lawyer's eyebrows rose slightly.
"He lived in California and never visited Daddy or Grandpop except this once. It must have been only a few months before Grandpop died." 
"You were very young at the time, a third grader you said?"
Julie nodded.
"So why did it stick in your mind?"
The girl flushed. "I was wrong. I did see Grandpop angry. It was the time Uncle Gary visited. I remember I was excited at meeting my famous scientist uncle but when he came to Grandpop's he just ignored me," Her eyes bore across the room at the downcast eyes of her uncle. "He still does."
"Go on, Julie."
"He asked Grandpop for money for something, I can't remember what it was. Grandpop told him it was about time he learnt to support himself and this was the last time he was going to help him. He wrote a check out and said, 'This is the last time, Gary '."
"Were those the exact words, Julie?"
 She shrugged. "As far as I remember. It stuck in my mind because I was scared of Grandpop's anger. After Uncle Gary left he picked me up and said, 'I'm not angry with you Little Sunshine. I'd never be angry with you.' and I felt all better again." Tears appeared in her eyes. "Grandpop had a heart attack soon afterwards and died. I remember Daddy was crying at Grandpop's funeral but Uncle Gary just stood there looking grim. He never even cried. I remember that, too."
Later in the hearing, John confirmed Julie's account and added that the next day, his father visited a lawyer to add an amendment to his will.
"Did you know the contents at that time?" Orley asked.
"No," John replied. "Dad never told me of the contents. It was only after his death I found out he'd given me two thirds of everything. Gary contested that and we reached an out of court agreement last year when I bought out his share of the ranch."
"At the value of the time?" the Judge interjected
"Yes, Your Honour. The official evaluation documents are here."
The lawyer held a document up at the judge." I'd like these evaluations entered as evidence, Your Honour," he said.
"Very well. " she nodded to the clerk. "Carry on Mr. Williamson."
John was in the witness stand for the rest of the day and also the following morning. Thomas Carlson tried to prove he knew the ranch was undervalued and withheld the information from his brother.
A witness from the firm that did the official evaluation, though, helped John's case. "At the time we did the evaluation, it was true and accurate and compared favourably with other similar sized properties sold in the county," he said. " It was several months later when a commercial developer began buying up land in the area, that the prices rose substantially. If it was not for that, the selling price John received would have been close to the evaluation we made at the time."
"So he would not have known the developer was buying up land to create a new subdivision?"
"No. Neither did we. The reason for the sudden interest was that a deal the developers had in Cortland County struck legal problems. The firm abandoned an investment there and decided to move into John's district." The man shrugged. "Two different developers were in competition and this drove the price up." 
Orley Williamson glanced up at the judge. "We shall be calling witnesses from the firms concerned to confirm this, Your Honour," he said. 
"I would expect that," she replied and made a note on her computer.
*
Two days later the court case ended when the judge stated that, because John and his family were due to return to New Zealand, she would give her decision the following Tuesday morning.
Kylena looked drawn and tired as they drove back to Bud and Maureen Schwalbe's place, the friends who were looking after the girls. The freeway was crowded and she was the one unfamiliar with driving to the right and the huge roads. 
"Your brother had all his Ts crossed," she grumbled. 
"Yes," muttered John. "He always was good with words but his lawyer couldn't shake the witnesses from those development firms. It was just my good luck they wanted my property at the time."
"But will the judge believe it makes any difference?" Kylena sighed. "It only proved you had not been dishonest. Gary's pretence that he is still entitled to half the sale price seemed quite valid. Even I was quite impressed with his statements."
"I know." John grimaced. "But it is out of our hands, My Dear." 
*
Judge Elizabeth Mroczkowski gazed around the courtroom and waited while the formalities were completed. "The whole weight of this hearing focused on whether Mr. John Berg purposely and with malice, attempted to conceal the value of his property from Doctor Gary Berg," she began. "The reasons for their late father's decision to change his will was gone into in great detail but in reality, has no bearing on this case as it was superseded by the out of court settlement when John Berg agreed that his brother was entitled to fifty percent of the legacy. 
When John Berg sold the family property, he was the legal and sole owner of the property, having paid a fair price to purchase his brother's portion. He could, therefore do whatever he wished with his land. If, for example, the land values dropped and he sold the land at a loss he could not go back to his brother and claim a refund because of this loss.
Doctor Gary Berg went to great lengths to prove his brother was financially well disposed. This claim, in the court's opinion, was not proven. Mr. John Berg will have to sell his New Zealand property or heavily mortgage it if his brother's claim for reimbursement is substantiated. Doctor Berg certainly has large debts of his own to service but they are entirely of his own making. 
New York State Laws offer family protection if the family of a deceased is treated unfairly in the distribution of an estate. This court does not believe this was proven in this hearing and invokes the double jeopardy clause of the Fifth Amendment of our constitution. It rules the assessment of the estate at that time was true and binding and Mr. John Berg does not need to renegotiate anything with his brother.
The judgment is, therefore in favour of the defendant and the plaintiff's case is dismissed. All costs shall be paid by the plaintiff." The judge gave John a brief smile before her eyes swept across to Kylena and she added. "Thank you for attending this hearing, Mrs. Berg. The court recognizes the sacrifice you made to come to New York to support your husband. This case is closed. "
Everyone rose as the judge left the room.
John gave a brief grunt of satisfaction before he frowned, brushed Kylena's shoulder and walked across to his brother who was about to walk out of the courtroom. 
"I wonder what Pop would have thought about all of this, Gary," he said quietly. "We were brought up to support each other. I know he helped you by paying tens of thousands of dollars to put you through university and gave you another hundred thousand mere weeks before his death. That was why he changed the will. It was not because he favoured me. He was just trying to be fair to both of us. 
I am saddened that it all came down to this. We were such friends when we grew up together, you were my big brother whom I loved and respected. When you earned your PhD, I was so proud of you. We're still family, you know. I would not like you to remain bitter." He held his hand out.
Doctor Gary Berg lifted his eyes to gaze into John's, took the hand offered and shook it. "You landed on your feet, John," he said in an abrupt voice. "I know your marriage to Anne was a sham and wish you all the best with your new wife. I perceive she loves you very much." He gave a twisted smile. "You know I always envied my little brother. Perhaps one day I could visit you in your new home."
"And you will be welcome," John replied.
Gary squeezed John's shoulder and walked away. The farmer sighed but his expression changed to a smile when he felt an arm through his.
"Did it go okay?" Kylena asked. Her blue eyes looked concerned.
"Oh yes," John replied and tucked his arm around her. "He is a lonely man, a bachelor with a career but little else. Even after all this, he is still my brother.”
"A bit like Mum," Kylena added. "We can't change our own families, I guess."
"No," replied John and kissed her on upturned lips." but we can chose who we want in our new one."  
*
Harold was out on the farm somewhere; it was another day of misty rain so Fiona decided to have one more search for Harold's daughter. She switched to a local search engine and brought up a list of New Zealand universities. After searching, unsuccessfully, through staff names in Lincoln, Auckland and Victoria Universities she arrived at the web page of Otago University in Dunedin. The blue banner across the Home Page appeared and she clicked through to the academic staff list. In search mode she typed in Bentley, then Harrington and Sands. Her eyes were sore and she was about to switch off when a name caught her attention. The name, Doctor A. Sands-Bentley in the Bioscience Faculty glared out at her.
"Oh hell!" she gasped and noted the telephone number.
Two minutes later she was talking to the university receptionist. " I am phoning on a personal matter. Is the Doctor Sands-Bentley on your staff a woman with the first name Angelina?" she asked.
There was a tap of a keyboard and the woman replied. "Do you wish Doctor Angelina Sands-Bentley's extension number, Madam?"
"Yes, please." Fiona's heart raced as wallpaper music played in her ear for at least two minutes before a voice answered.
"Good afternoon, Angelina Sands-Bentley speaking.” a voice with a slight American accent, answered.
Fiona gulped. "Doctor Sands-Bentley. My name is Fiona Reynolds and I'm calling from near Palmerston North on behalf of a man whom I believe is your father, Doctor Harold Bentley."
There was silence at the other end before a cautious voice continued. "How do you know that name?" 
"Harold has been trying to trace his daughter he last saw when she was twelve. That would make her thirty-five now. Am I speaking to the right person, doctor?"
"Dad!" the voice stuttered. "But how? I've spent years trying to trace him. I even added my original surname to the one I'd been using when I returned to New Zealand."
"So you are the Angelina Bentley who left New Zealand as a twelve year old?"
"Yes. I am," the voice gasped. "This is not some horrible hoax is it?"
"Your father used to draw pictures of you doing all manner of things, didn't he? I have those pictures with me right now, Doctor Sands-Bentley." That wasn't quite true but the farm cottage and the sketches weren't far away.
"He did," gasped the voice. "Where did you say you were?"
"About eighty kilometres north of Palmerston North."
"Can I talk to him?"
"Well, he's out looking after the farm now for my son-in-law." To her, John would always remain her son-in-law even though he was married to Kylena. "He'll be in about five."
"I'm coming up!" Angelina replied." If I ring back with my arrival time, can you tell my father?"
"Better still, we'll meet you at Palmerston North airport. I've got an email address, if it is helpful."
"Thank you," the woman's voice had a tremble in it. "I'm sorry. I missed your name."
"Just call me Fiona, Aggie."
"Nobody's called me that since I was a child, Fiona." the voice replied. "Oh my goodness, I can't believe it. Thank you Fiona. How did you find me?"
"Like working out a cryptic crossword puzzle," Fiona answered,
*
"I don't know why you dragged me here," Harold muttered as they waited in the almost deserted lounge of Palmerston Airport. It was almost eleven p.m., everything was closed and cleaners were doing their rounds. "I'm sure the package that is coming could be brought out on the rural delivery truck."
"Possibly," Fiona replied. She had decided to tell him a package was arriving from the South Island that needed to be picked up.
Her thoughts were interrupted when the public address speaker that crackled. "Air New Zealand Link announces the arrival of the ATR 72 Flight 165 from Christchurch and Dunedin. This flight terminates here and will be departing for points south tomorrow morning."
The woman about half way back in the queue of passengers who walked out of the airplane, did not have long straight hair like in Harold's drawings, nor was she slim. The slightly chubby woman, shorter than Fiona expected, had short brown hair and was dressed in a blue business suit. The thin nose and high cheekbones, though, were identical to those pages of drawings.
Fiona gave her friend a poke and nodded at the entrance door. "I believe that lady looking lost in the middle of the room is your daughter Angelina, Harold," she said.
"What!" cried the man. He stopped and stared at Fiona's beaming face before looking up at the woman in question. "You could have told me," he continued and just stood with his hands shaking, frozen to the spot.
Fiona took the initiative and walked up to the woman. "Angelina?" she asked. "I'm Fiona Reynolds who spoke to you on the phone. "
The woman turned and blue eyes smiled at her. "You're Canadian, aren't you, Fiona?" She appeared nervous.
"American," Fiona replied. "Harold's gone all shy."  While she chattered she led the new arrival back across the concourse.
But Angelina wasn't listening. Her face went chalk white as she stared at the tall thin, bearded man holding a newspaper. "My god, Dad!" she gasped. "I'd know you anywhere."
"Angelina, Aggie!" Harold whispered. He dropped the paper and stepped forward. "Is it really you?" His lips quivered and, without warning, tears streamed down his cheeks.
"It is, Dad. I don't believe it, Dad. You are no different!"
In two steps she was in his arms with tears in her own eyes. Harold just held on and could not stop himself shaking with emotion. "Aggie," he sobbed. "Aggie! But how can it be?"
"I've been back in New Zealand for two years ever since Mom's death, Dad; at Otago University."
"Your mother is dead?" Harold exclaimed. "I didn't know."
Angelina nodded. "I tried to trace you, Dad but the only evidence I had you were still alive was from The Government Superannuation Fund who confirmed you were receiving retirement allowance. They refused to tell me even the town it was being sent to."
"Typical bureaucracy," he sniffed but could not speak again. Instead, he blew his nose and stepped over and hugged Fiona. "You found her, didn't you?" he said, his voice still skill choked with emotion.
Fiona smiled. "Me and the computer." She smiled and flushed when Harold kissed her on the cheek before returning to his daughter.
"Come on," he said. "Let's get your luggage and head out to the Fairmont." He grinned. "I can see why the rural delivery couldn't bring the package out tomorrow."
"I don't understand," his daughter said.
"I only told your Dad we had to pick up a package from the airport," Fiona explained. "I didn't want him to be disappointed if you never arrived." 
"Oh I understand.” Angelina laughed. "I had my doubts too. Half way through the flight up I wondered what I'd do if I arrived in the middle of the night to find nobody here. I was still only half convinced your call was genuine."
"Oh Fiona's a crafty one, all right," Harold cut in and held the car door open for his daughter. "You know, your face is the same, Aggie. I remember the smile."
He chuckled and placed his daughter's bag in the back, grinned again at Fiona and walked around to the driver's seat. Seconds later the trio were heading home through the darkness.
* 
"Dad," said Julie in the Syracuse motel the evening after the court case. "Kylena and Helen are in the bedroom crying."
"Both of them?" John leaped to his feet. 
"Well, Mom was crying and Helen started up in sympathy with her."
"Thanks Sweetheart," John said and rushed through to the bedroom where his wife was lying on the double bed with her arms around Helen. The little girl was sobbing her heart out but Kylena had wiped her red eyes.
"What's wrong my dear?" he asked. 
"Nothing, "Kylena sniffed. "Everyone has been so good to us. It's just my condition. I suddenly felt, oh I don't know, claustrophobic, I guess. Helen here tried to comfort me."
"I think I know what you mean," John said and picked Helen up. "You been looking after Mommy, have you sweetie?"
"Yes," sniffed the seven-year-old and snuggled into her father.
John kissed her and lowered her onto the bed. "I lived here all of my life yet I miss the hills of Long Valley Road," he said.   "It must be twice as bad for you."
"Me too,” Julie added. "You know, I spent half a day back at Davidson Junior High and all I could think of was my desk by the window at school back home with the hills and Mount Ruapehu beyond them. My friends were great to see but I've changed, I guess."
"So we head home instead of staying another week," John said.
"Do you mind?" Kylena replied. "You know, if Long Valley Road was where Canada is, I wouldn't mind but it seems so far away from here and… " She stopped and smiled.
"What?" John asked.
Kylena took Helen's hand and placed it on her tummy.   "Feel bubs kicking," she said.
Helen stopped crying and frowned in concentration as she felt across her stepmother's stomach. "I can, Mommy." She laughed. "Perhaps Bubs wants to go home, too."
"Could be." Kylena smiled before she faced John again. "I'm okay now," she said.
"No, I'll see about an early booking, tomorrow." 
*
Palmerston North Airport looked as small as the time of John's first arrival but it wasn't a tiny city in a strange land anymore. It was home, the weather was fine and the Manawatu Plains were like a green carpet after the recent warm spring rain. They walked into the terminal building to find Fiona and Harold waiting.
"Grandma!" Helen called and rushed into her arms as if she'd been away for months, not three weeks. "We missed you Grandma."
"How are you, Harold?" John said and extended his hand.
"Fine," his friend replied. He stepped back and John noticed a woman standing on the edge of their group.
"John, Kylena, Kids," Harold said with pride in his voice. "This is Aggie, my daughter."
Kylena glanced up at the woman standing there with a slight smile on her face. "Oh my God, Aggie." she said. "How did Harold find you?"
"Fiona did," Aggie replied. "I've taken time off to stay with Dad. There's a week to go. I hope you don't mind my intrusion."
"Mind... of course not!" Kylena smiled. "What a thrill it is to have you with us." She turned to Fiona. "I got homesick. Would you believe it?"
"I believe it," Fiona said, “and what about the rest of you?"
"We did everything, Grandma," Helen cried out.
"…But we're glad to be back, too," added a solemn Julie.
*

CHAPTER 14
"This is Deanna Fowler, Teacher's Aid at Junction Road School speaking. We've had a bit of an emergency. I know school has just about started and I wouldn't call but I can think of nobody else to ring at this late hour." The words all rushed into Kylena's ear. 
She glanced at her watch. It was ten to nine, commencement time. "Tell me what you need, Deanna," she replied in a soft voice that appeared to calm the woman on the line down a little.
"It's Bruce. He's had an accident at home," Deanna said. "I'm not sure of the details but Janice is rushing him into the doctor. I'm left with the whole school to look after. One parent is coming in to help but we need a teacher."
"Okay, I'll be there as soon as I can," Kylena replied. "Now don't worry. Just tell the children to do project work or read until I arrive."
"Thanks Kylena. I know you're on maternity leave but, as I said…"
"I'll see you soon," Kylena replied and hung up.
"Who was that?" Fiona asked.
"Bruce Cheever, the principal at Junction Road School had an accident and Janice, his wife is rushing him into town. Deanna Fowler is at her wits end, I'd say. I could hear kids screaming in the background as she spoke. I'm going over."
Fiona frowned. "But…"
"It's an emergency. I'll be fine."
"Don't overdo it," Fiona warned.
"Okay. I'll leave a note for John," Kylena replied and rushed through to the bedroom to change into a maternity smock. She hated the things but couldn't very well wear shorts and blouse in front of a class of strange children.
*
The noise met Kylena as she walked down the path and in the senior room door. No adults were around and the place was a shambles. On red-faced senior girl was standing at the front trying to control the twenty or so children, paper darts were flying around and a tall boy at the rear was banging his desk top up and down to add to the mayhem.
"That will do!" Kylena's voice cut the room like a knife. "All sit down, please."
All eyes turned her way and the noise subsided as she walked to the front of the room. However, as she walked by a group of four senior boys one sniggered, "The fat lady arrives."
Kylena stopped and turned so her eyes bore into the youth. "And what did you say, Mr. Newson?" she asked. She didn't know the boy's first name but knew he was one of the Newsons who lived on Long Valley Road.
"Nothing," the boy muttered but gave his companions a grin.
"I see," the teacher replied. "Andrew Newson's son, I believe."
The murmur of noise that had begun to rise again, stopped.
"So!" the boy retorted.
Kylena knew the sort. He bred off his macho image and would thrive if she showed any weakness or anger.
"Your first name, please?" she asked in a voice that was ice cold but low in volume.
"Len," the boy replied and held her eyes as if he dared her to do anything. Kylena walked to the front of the room and saw what she was looking for. On the message board was a list of the families and telephone numbers. While the noise began to rise again, especially from the four senior boys who sensed victory, she noted a number, turned, walked back to Len Newson and stood beside him.
The noise dropped as the teacher pulled a mobile phone from her pocket. She punched in a number and in a voice everyone could hear, spoke to the person on the other end. 
"Good morning. Is that Andrew Newson?… Good. This is Kylena Berg speaking. There is nothing to worry about but Bruce is absent and I have been asked to teach at the school for the day… No, none of your children are hurt, Mr. Newson. Your son, Len, though, has refused to co-operate. I'd like you to come down and take him home." She glowered at the boy. "Yes, Mr. Newson, I am afraid I cannot teach a child who calls me a fat lady and continues to think it is one big joke…" A loud voice could be heard coming through the instrument. "You'll be here in ten minutes. Thank you. Goodbye."
She turned to Len. "Your father is coming to get you, Len."
The boy swallowed and stared at her but Kylena ignored him. She walked to the scribble-strewn chalkboard and wiped it clean. Only when she was finished, did she turn and face the class. "Everyone here will find something in their desk to do for ten minutes. Read a book or continue any project work you have. You will not, though talk or get out of your desk." Her eyes hit the four boys, three subdued and Len looking pale. "If any of you think you can fool around, I would strongly advise against it."
She waited while the children found work or a book before she began to draw on the board. In a couple of moments she had a picture of a dragon drawn, a massive creature bellowing smoke from its nostrils. Kylena drew in a gigantic broken wing, some burnt tree stumps and a human crouched behind one stump.
Finally she wrote, Where? Who? Why? and How?" in large letters across the board, turned and smiled at the class. "I want a list of ideas to go with the picture," she said. "Year 7 and 8 will write at least twenty ideas, the younger children, ten or more. Nobody will talk and you have ten minutes. Go."
The children, except Len, gave a slight grin and began.
Five minutes later a very irate farmer appeared out the classroom windows.
 "Len's dad," someone whispered. "God is he mad!"
There was a knock and Andrew Newson stood there. He looked a younger version of Kevin, all red in the face and holding his wide brimmed hat in his hand. He glared at his son and snapped as if he was talking to a dog. 
"Get out here, boy." The boy shuffled to the door and received a rough shove on the shoulder as he walked past his father. "I apologize for his behaviour, Mrs. Berg," the man said but still looked annoyed. "He won't do it again."
Kylena almost felt sorry for the boy as she explained what had happened. The farmer nodded. "The other two okay?" he snapped and nodded at his two other offspring in the room.
"Yes, fine," Kylena said. "I don't know if I'll be back tomorrow but if I am, Len we will be welcome to return." 
"Right, Mrs. Berg. Sorry again. I'll let you get on with it," He turned. "You," he snapped at his son. "Get in the truck."
Kylena turned and wandered around the classroom as the children wrote their notes in silence. Deanna appeared a few moments later, full of apologies and said she had been held up in the junior room. "Was that Andrew?" she asked.
"Yes," Kylena replied." I sent Len home."
Deanna rolled her eyes but made no comment. She gazed at the dragon picture and the children all working away. "How do you do it?" she whispered.
"They're good kids but just need a little motivation."
"But Bruce never has them this quiet."
"It's what I expect," The teacher answered, "See you at morning interval.”
She turned to the class. "Right, I want you to come and sit on the carpet. We'll see what ideas we have."
After morning interval she continued the lesson and within an hour the children were all producing their own project. Art paper was distributed for covers and time out from writing given for the children to draw a cover. Much of the work was poor compared with the standard she expected at Long Valley Road but infinitely better than the scruffy stuff she noticed in the children's exercise books. She sighed. Half the trouble was that the children were bored with the work they had been doing. No wonder the seniors were a behaviour problem.
During the lunch break, Kylena found a wide roll of newsprint and ran it out on the classroom floor so, throughout the afternoon; a massive painting of dragons was completed with everyone contributing. Senior pupils, budded up with younger ones, were allocated one section of the chart to paint together. This idea was new to the class but it worked well.
By three, Kylena was exhausted but the children proud of their work. 
"Are you coming back tomorrow, Mrs. Berg?" Ken, one of the senior boys asked.
"I'm not sure. It depends whether Mr. Cheever returns or not."
"I hope so," the boy replied. "We had fun today."
"Why, thank you Ken," Kylena smiled. "I enjoyed the day too."
"Yeah, once we got rid of Len," one of the girls added.
"He'll be okay," the teacher said.
The senior girl, who had been trying to control the class when Kylena arrived, caught her eye and grinned. It seemed as if everyone was fed up with Len's antics. 
*
"The place is a shambles," Kylena confided in John on the second evening. "Their books are so messy Len was quite subdued today and didn't do one thing wrong. When he sets his mind to it he can do quite good work."
"Well, one excellent teacher makes a difference but I hope you said you couldn't go back next week."
"I did. I'm exhausted by the end of the day.”
"Yes, Bruce Cheever cut himself up pretty badly."'
"What caused it?" Kylena replied.
"He smashed through the living room window. I heard he was having a row with Janice and she pushed him through it.” 
"My God." Kylena laughed. "The hot gossip line is working overtime, isn't it?"
"Yeah," said John. "Fiona found most of it out. It seems the Cheevers have quite a few arguments."
"Oh John," Kylena replied. “Let’s forget about them, shall we? You know how the locals exaggerate everything."
"Okay." He laughed. "But make sure you don't wear yourself down. You are meant to be on maternity leave, you know."
"I know," replied Kylena and kissed her husband. "I'm just helping.”
As it turned out, she spent a week at the school and came home every night exhausted but pleased with her efforts. It rained every day, which didn't help the situation as the children were inside all the time and had to be given activities to do in their spare time, something else never done for them before. 
Neither of the Bergs heard until later, but that week caused quite a stir in the district. Locals appreciated the effort she had put in and direct comparisons were made between the work produced by the children under her care and what they achieved with Bruce Cheever. 
*
That week was also the last for Aggie's visit. On the Wednesday after breakfast, she crouched on the carpet in the tiny cottage living room, fascinated with her father's artwork. 
"Oh Dad," she said "I feel honoured that you should think of me over the years, enough to make up a life for me. “She turned to the drawing of the family Harold had imagined she might have. "I must be a disappointment to you, no family or even a partner."
Harold squatted down and began to place the drawings back in the box they came from. "No," he replied in his slow voice. “Proud is the word I would use." He coughed and reached into an old desk he had in the corner of the room and extracted another sheet of paper. "Those old drawings can go now," he whispered and handed Aggie a new one.
Aggie glanced at it, looked again and gasped. " Dad. It's wonderful."
The drawing showed her waiting in the airport terminal on the day of her arrival beside himself, one of the few self-portraits he had drawn. The likeness was exact even down to the expression of wonder in her eyes.
"It's for you, Aggie," Harold muttered. "My first live drawing of you since you were twelve. I'll throw all those fantasy ones out."
"You will not," his daughter responded. "If you don't want them, I'll take them home with me."
"They're yours," Harold responded. “They helped me retain a memory of you but I don't need that now, do I?"
Aggie smiled and stood up. "I've something to show you Dad," she whispered and disappeared into her bedroom.
A moment later she returned with a large photograph album tucked under her arm, sat back down on the carpet and opened the first page. "These are photos I collected of myself. Some are just snapshots but there are a few professional ones, my graduation and so forth."
For more than an hour, the father and daughter went through the album. Included were a few of her mother and some of a young man with her when she was in her early twenties.
"Steven," she said with a touch of sadness. “We were partners for a few years before he drifted on." She chuckled. "I haven't been an old maid all my life, Dad."
"I'm pleased," her father responded. "People weren't made to be alone."
Aggie glanced up at his downcast eyes. "Yet, that is exactly what you were for years. Why Dad?"
"Circumstances, Aggie. I rejected humanity and it was only after John and Fiona came into my life that I realized I was wrong. Not all humans are self centred and covetous."
Doctor Angelina Bentley frowned. "Would you like to talk about it, Dad?" she said in a soft voice.
"Not now, Aggie," he replied. "Perhaps one day I will, but the past is the past. There is a future now." He smiled and stared at the rain hitting the windowpane. "With Fiona and now you…"
"You like her, don't you Dad and I believe the feelings are mutual?" she responded
"Fiona, you mean?"
"Who else?"
Their conversation was interrupted by a knock on the door and the person in question walked in. "Hi," she announced and placed a plastic bag on the bench. "I whipped up some doughnuts for morning coffee break."
 *
The next morning, even though it was still raining, Harold and John took the Bedford up to the top plateau with a load of fence posts and invited Fiona and Aggie along. The visitor examined the tiny cottage in grim silence before turning to her father. "I'm glad you decided to move down to John's cottage," she said. "It's too isolated here." 
"I had Sissy." Harold shrugged and patted the little dog's ears. "Anyhow, after I help John unload the posts I'll take you to see my tree daisies."
"You'll like them," Fiona added.
Both Aggie and John, who hadn't visited the gully either, were fascinated by the forested gully. Only large drips from the rain dripped through the foliage above and the cold breeze on the plateau was absent in this sheltered spot. After he pushed through the undergrowth, Harold pointed out the unspectacular tree daisies, now devoid of leaves but with new shoots beginning to poke through the bark. 
"In a few weeks they'll be covered in flowers." He explained.
Aggie gazed around. "You did many of your drawings here, didn't you, Dad? I recognize the undergrowth."
"Yes, it was Sissy's and my favourite place," he answered. “Not so much in this weather but in the summer it was always cool down here, like another world."
"A place to hide?" his daughter queried and glanced at Fiona.
Harold shrugged. "I guess," he muttered.
Later that afternoon when they were alone, Aggie asked Fiona about her father's life on the plateau. 
"I really know no more than you," Fiona replied. "He was quite ill when I first met him, we rushed him to hospital and, afterwards he was persuaded to shift into our cottage." She explained everything she knew about her companion's father.
"But what caused him to withdraw from society?" Aggie asked. "It wasn't my mother. Their separation happened years earlier."
"I'm not sure," Fiona replied. "Something happened at the university where he worked, I know that much. He worked on those topographical maps for a few months before he shifted into the cabin."
"Well, I'm going to find out," Aggie replied. "There must be records somewhere."
"I don't think he wants anyone to know," Fiona responded.
"True, but even if it's something incriminating I still need to know. "She frowned. "Personally, Dad is such a moral person, I can't believe he would have done anything illegal."
"But if he had?" Fiona asked.
"I will be discrete," Aggie added. "If there is anything the least suspicious, I'll withdraw. No way do I want to hurt Dad more than he already has been. Personally, I'd say it was something like research gone wrong or perhaps he discovered something dangerous he did not want to pursue." she frowned. "In my own research, results are, at times, completely different from what I anticipate."
"If I can help, tell me," Fiona added. "I'm getting quite good at searching the Internet. I found you, didn't I?"
"You did." the younger woman replied.
*
On Saturday, the family took Aggie down to Palmerston North airport for her flight back to Dunedin. It wasn't a sad occasion, though, but more of a temporary parting. Now father and daughter were reunited they knew they would keep in touch, Harold promised to visit Dunedin later in the year and Fiona pledged to keep an eye on him.
"Thanks Fiona. Bye, John, Kylena and you two girls. See you at Christmas." Aggie turned to her father. "And Dad, what can I say except I love you.”
She gave him a hug and was gone.
"I would say she was everything you'd wanted in a daughter," John said to Harold as they walked upstairs to watch the aircraft fly out.
"More than I'd hoped, John," Harold replied. "You don't know what it is like just to have her. My wife is dead, you know."
* 
With Aggie gone, life returned to normal on the farm. October rolled into November and with it, spring growth and the busiest farm season. Lambs and calves were being born and it was a busy time for all. Across the boundary, the hillside where the pine plantation had been was now a slope of brown soil, smooth and peppered with green as the new grass sprouted. One steep cavity had been used to bury the stumps ripped from the hillside and one other small gully had been left in native trees that had never been replaced when the plantation was originally planted. The boundary fence was almost finished with only section to complete.
John stood on the edge of the plateau and gazed down at his neighbour's. "I must admit, Kelvin has got it looking good," he commented.
"Yes, but I wish he'd left more trees. Even with the grass established he could have slips." Harold glanced down at the soft mud beneath his gumboots. “We’ve had enough rain over the last month. Any more will be a hindrance."
John nodded, "At least its stopped today. If we can get the fence up, I can start using the paddock." He grinned. "I doubt if Kelvin will appreciate our cattle cutting up his hillside of new grass." He gazed across the edge. "Perhaps we should have used that fencing contractor he employed to do his half."
Harold, though, shook his head. "The guy did a good job but was too expensive. I reckon if Kelvin did a little more work himself he would be able to run his place at a profit. Those bulldozers he had pulling the stumps and preparing the hill for the plough must have cost him a fortune. I counted six there one day. Afterwards he used a contractor to plough and sow. He could have done that himself." 
"True," John replied. "Anyhow, let's get going. The fence won't build itself."
Three hours later the two perspiring men glanced up to see the Land Rover approach. It almost slithered to a halt in the soft grass and Kylena poked her head out the driver's door.
"Lunch," she called and produced a basket with two massive thermos flasks and a plastic container of sandwiches.
"You shouldn't be driving up the track in your condition," John scolded as his wife wriggled out from behind the wheel and Fiona appeared from the passenger’s side. 
"Why not? I'm pregnant, not crippled."
"Okay," John replied. He reached for the basket and kissed her lips.
"What a view," Fiona interrupted. "I can even see the school. The kids are outside."
They all turned and followed her gaze. The view below looked almost as if they were flying over in an aircraft. The brown hillside of Kelvin's ploughed land contrasted to the green of the other hills and darker colours of forested slopes. Long Valley Road twisted in from the left, along the small straight in front of the school before disappearing through the valley to their right. As they watched, a car drove along the road in front of a cloud of dust.
"I hear the district council are going to tarseal the road this season," Kylena said. “They should do the big saddle and up about a kilometre beyond the school.”
"Tarseal?" John raised his eyebrows. 
"Oh my dear," Kylena said. "What do you call it? Bitumen, blacktop or what?"
"I know what you mean," John said. He stood behind her, tucked his arms around and ran his chin through her hair. "Better up here than teaching, isn't it?"
"Yes," sighed Kylena. "Especially Junction Road. The children were just coming right but I guess with Bruce back they'll just slip into their usual ways." She smiled up at her husband. "But our school seems to be going okay. Helen likes Vicky and Courtney is just continuing my programs in the senior room. I said I would go and help prepare for the school concert at the end of the year."
"I can't keep you away from the place, can I?" John chuckled.
"No." Kylena laughed. "Any more than I can keep you off the farm."
They turned and walked across to where Fiona had poured hot coffee into four tin mugs and Harold had seated himself on one of the posts lying on the grass. In the distance, the snow covered Mount Ruapehu stretched across the eastern horizon with just a few white clouds tucked around its summit. It was a perfect spring day.
*

CHAPTER 15
Julie ambled in from the back veranda in stocking feet and hair plastered down over her soaked face. "Hell, it's wet out there." She shivered and rushed across to warm her hands in front of the electric wall heater. "Those lambs are real little pains and Toodles is the worst." Toodles was her pet lamb being raised for the school Calf and Lamb Day later in the year. "Aren't you lucky being able to stay home?" She grinned at her stepmother. 
"I guess, but come and have breakfast," Kylena replied. "It's waiting for you. Where's Helen?"
"She's coming. Her lamb wouldn't do what she said and she's getting frustrated with it. Dad's has just returned on the farm bike, too." Julie glanced up as Fiona walked in the room. "Will you give us a ride to school in the Land Rover, Grandma? It's too wet to walk."
"I suppose." her grandmother frowned. "I remember when I was your age…"
"I know," Julie retorted. "It was thirty below and you trudged two miles through three feet of snow pulling your little brother on a sled."
"Well, it wasn't quite that bad but the weather at home was far worse than here." Fiona replied. "Okay, I want to drop in to see Harold anyway. Be ready in ten minutes."
"Thanks Grandma," Julie said and leapt up from the breakfast table. "I'll go and find Helen." She ran to the back door, stuck her head out and screamed. "Get in here, Helen or you'll be walking to school!"
Within fifteen minutes the rush was over and Kylena sat down at the kitchen table and smiled across at John. "My back aches, I feel like an elephant, I reckon if we get any more orphaned lambs we'll have to buy another dairy cow to provide milk to feed them, but I feel strangely satisfied."
"And so you should," John answered. He grimaced as the sky outside lit up with forked lightning and, three seconds later, a clap of thunder rumbled through the hills.
"Three kilometres away," Kylena observed. "It's about a kilometre a second."
"Is it?" John laughed. "I'm still getting used to this metric measure." He glanced at the calendar pinned to the wall. " What's today's date circled for?"
"I'm due to visit the doctor in Hunterville. She'll have the results of last week's scan."
"Phone and ask her for the result. It's a terrible day to go out. There could even be slips on the big hill."
"No, I'd better pay her a visit," Kylena replied. "If we leave soon we can be back by one. Fiona will be here if we're held up."
"Okay, but we'll take the Land Rover. It's better if there are any slips."
*
It was a slow journey with the gravel road a sea of mud in several parts but, except for a small wash out and thick fog on the top hill, the pair made it to town in time for Kylena's appointment.
Doctor Simone Downie, a pleasant woman only a little older than Kylena, smiled as her patient walked in.
"I didn't expect you in this terrible weather," she commented. "Let's get you on the table. How has it been?"
"The scan, doctor?" Kylena asked.
"All's well and we have the baby's gender. Do you wish to know or would you rather wait until the birth?"
"Now please. John and I had a bet. He reckons it'll be a girl and I went for a boy because, as you know, he already has two daughters."
"Not a large bet, I hope," Simone smiled as she extracted a negative from a large yellow envelope.
"Twenty dollars."
"So will you give him cash or…"
"It's a girl!" Kylena whispered
"Yes," the doctor laughed. She slipped on rubber gloves and began her examination, 
 There was silence for a moment as Simone examined her patient. "Everything appears fine, Kylena," she commented a moment later, "I'd say the date of early January is right on target."
Kylena's mind was content she walked into the waiting room and tucked a twenty-dollar bill in John's hand. "The doctor said our daughter is on target," she chuckled and kissed his lips.
John broke into a wide grin. He held her close, returned the kiss and held a monstrous raincoat out for her to slip into. However, he never said a word as held the surgery door open and ushered her across to the Land Rover. He remained grinning and rushed around to the driver's door. With water pouring off his hat, he climbed in and started the engine.
"It's such a miserable day, I hope Harold put off going up to the top plateau to finish the boundary fence. I told him there was no hurry," he finally muttered.
"John," screamed Kylena and hit his arm. "Stop teasing me. Are you disappointed that we are going to have a daughter? What are your thoughts?" 
John slowed at the intersection to the main highway, waited for a couple of cars to swish past, headed across and towards home. "No, I'm thrilled," he said, turned his gentle eyes towards her and reached out to squeeze her leg, "And I'm sure the girls will be, too." 
*
When Harold reached the plateau, misty fog and rain clouds closed in. He turned off the track and engaged low gear so the jeep crawled across the muddy grass to where the last pile of strainers had been set out in a long line ready for erection. 
"Right, girls," Harold grunted at the dogs. “You’re going to get wet today, I'm afraid." 
He pulled the cape of his heavy oilskin coat close and plunged out through the mist and gloom to the old tractor. With a post hole digger attached it looked like a mini oilrig driller silhouetted against the swirling rain. But something else caught his attention. He frowned, walked through the gap onto Kelvin's side of the slope, slid down the steep bank and came to a small terrace.
"Bugger!" Harold, not one to usually use profanities, swore.
As far as could see in the mist, a massive crack zigzagged across the hillside. Water was pouring out one front section and, even as he watched, the earth shook and a creaking rumble rose from the bowls of the earth.
But it was more than that!
Harold knew this was a gigantic slip ready to go. Thousands of tons of soil, mud and clay would descend into the valley as fast as an express train. Within minutes in this highly unstable soil, the whole hillside would move and turn into and avalanche of mud every bit as devastating as snow. Gray clouds and horizontal rain bellowing across the land hid the valley but Harold knew the school was in direct line below. It was early afternoon and the building would be filled with the children and their teachers.
"Damn!" Harold cursed again and tore back to the jeep.
"The fool!" he muttered as he whistled in the dogs and accelerated back down the track.
*
When he reached the house, Harold braked by the implement shed, jumped out and, with head down against the driving rain, ran to the Bedford truck sitting in the end bay. It was quarter loaded with hay bales covered in a massive tarpaulin ready for the evening's feed out. This green canvas cover was attached to the cross board behind the cab, stretched up over the bales and back to the rear of the tray. Leather straps held the sides onto steel rings protruding from the side of the wooden decking. Designed to protect the hay, it could bellow up or flap in the wind but would be secure.
Harold leapt in, gave a grunt when he saw that the keys, as expected, had been left in, backed around and headed down the drive. He reached the school within moments, veered around so the Bedford was racing back towards the farm, left the motor running and tore into the senior room.
"Quick!" he cried. “There’s a slip coming. We have to evacuate the school!"
*
The sudden sound of a male voice made Julie glance up to see Harold's agitated face and waving hands. She had never seen him looking so apprehensive with eyes that darted back at forth at Courtney O'Reilly, the children and finally, herself.
"The hill is about to come crashing down. I've got your Dad's truck out there. Get everyone onto it."
"Now, Doctor Bentley..." Courtney overcame the initial shock of the man's sudden appearance and walked up to him. "It's teeming down outside."
"For God sake woman, if that slip hits the school you'll be buried alive. There's no time to argue!" Harold yelled.
Everyone in the room stopped, frightened faces studied the distraught man and a bubble of voices filled the air. A couple of the younger children shrank back at the wild man in his saturated raincoat, pointy beard and agitated mannerism.
Harold turned to Julie. "I'm not lying. If you stay here you will all be killed."
Julie flushed white and turned to her teacher. "I believe him, Mrs. O'Reilly," she said.
Courtney studied the man, her frightened children and the Year 8 pupil. "Okay class," she said in a quiet voice. "Remember the emergency drills we practiced? I want you to place any thing in your hands down and line up at the door. Everyone find their partner." She glanced up at Julie. "Could you tell Miss Taylor to …"
"Sure!" Julie replied without waiting for her teacher's sentence to finish. She rushed into the adjacent room and up to the acting principal. "We have to evacuate the building, Miss Taylor," she gasped. There's a slip due to come down. Harold's got Dad's truck and…"
"Julie Berg!" snapped Vicky. "Don't you dare burst in the room like that. Will you please leave and knock."
The Year 8 girl stood looking defiant. "It's an emergency, Miss Taylor," she said through clenched teeth. "We have to leave. Look out the window. Mrs. O'Reilly and the seniors are already going."
"Sit in your desks, children, " the teacher ordered. "I shall go and talk to Mrs. O'Reilly."
"There is no time!" screamed Julie. Her face reddened and chin shook with emotion.
But the teacher was not about to be told what to do by a pupil. "Julie," she said in an enforced but angry whisper. "You will leave the room!"
Already two five year olds had burst into tears and Helen stared with a drained face at her sister.
"No! " Julie retorted
"Get out!" the teacher’s voice rose an octave and she forgot to keep the volume down. "Coming in here and terrifying the children. I shall speak to your father about this."
Julie was by now almost in tears of frustration and fear herself. "You bitch!" she muttered under her breath and ran across the room to Helen. "Come on, Helen," she ordered. "We're going out to Daddy's truck."
"You stay here, Helen." The now openly angry teacher called out and reached out to grab Julie's arm.
"Leave me," Julie growled and pulled her arm away. "Come on, Helen!"
Helen's lip quivered and dropped, huge tears appeared in her eyes as she tried to cope with conflicting emotions of obeying her teacher or going with her sister. "I can't!" she howled. "Miss Taylor won't let me."
Julie stared at the steamed up windows, the irate teacher and sobbing children. She gulped and made a decision. In one frantic move, bent down, slung Helen over her shoulders and headed for the outside door. Before she could be intercepted she opened it and headed out into the driving rain.
"Put me down, Julie!" Helen screamed, kicked and punched at her big sister but to no avail.
The teacher stood dumbfounded. "How dare you!" she hissed.
Julie felt a tug on her jeans and stared down to see two wide, tear filled eyes staring up at her. Gillian McLean, who, Julie just realized had been working with Helen, had followed her out. "You can come, too Gillian," Julie soothed. "We'll be fine once we get to Dad's truck."
Without caring about Vicky Taylor, she held the still struggling Helen, grabbed Gillian's hand and headed to the truck a few metres away. On arrival, the tall girl let Gillian's hand go, slung open the front passenger door and almost threw Helen in.
"Stay there!" she snapped and lifted Gillian in as well.
Helen was still sobbing but nodded her head and slipped across the seat in the security of her father's vehicle. Julie slammed the door and ran to the back tray where Harold was lifting Melanie Blackburn on board.
"They won't come, Harold! Miss Taylor refuses to come."
"I'll go and speak to her," Courtney replied but Harold reached out and stopped her.
"No," he said. "I will. Can you drive the truck?"
"Me?" The teacher was doubtful. “I’ve never…"
"I will!" shouted Julie. “I’ve driven it around the hay field."
"No," Courtney ordered but Julie disobeyed her second teacher in almost as many minutes, ducked behind Harold and ran to the driver's seat.
"Get in the back with the children!" Harold told Courtney and continued in a quieter voice. "Which is your car?" He nodded at the two cars parked on the muddy grass.
Courtney stared wide eye at him as if her courage had deserted her.
 "Why?" she asked.
"Give me your keys. We can squeeze all the little ones in the cars and follow you."
"Of course, Courtney replied. She handed a key ring to Harold. "The red Escort."
"Right lassie,” Harold replied and lifted the teacher up under the tarpaulin with her shivering but remarkably well behaved children who squatted under the green cover with their backs against the hay bales. Overhead the rain thundered on the canvas but only remote drips leaked inside the tent shaped enclosure.
"Go Julie!" he screamed and banged the driver's door.
*
Hundreds of metres above, the crack widened into a crevice and water poured out the side to further undermine the saturated soil. Thirty metres down another crack appeared and water flowed out.
But it was no trickle! A spout of filthy brown water, forced out by the pressure behind, cascaded into the air. A crack of thunder rolled across the valley but this did not come from the sky. Instead, the noise was from beneath the ground; the hillside shook worse than any earthquake and began to subside, slowly at first until more water poured into the widening gap to join that already there.
The pressure was too great! More water needed to escape and, like all natural things, took the line of least resistance... straight out! The avalanche was on its way and gathering momentum by the second.
*
Julie crunched into low gear, roared the motor and let out the clutch. It worked! The old truck moved forward.
"The windshield wipers!" she screamed. "They aren't going! I can't see." All the time her eyes were riveted onto the rain smudged glass.
"Daddy pulls that black button out." Helen, now over her tantrum, responded.
"Pull it!" Julie gasped.
The smaller Berg girl reached out and pulled the old fashioned knob and the wiper, there was only one, swung down in an arc so Julie could see the road ahead.
"Thanks, Helen," she said, and changed up to second gear. That was it, though. In the hay paddock she had never moved into a higher gear and the thought of doing so now was too scary to contemplate. Sweaty hands gripped the steering wheel and the motor screamed along in second gear.
As it worked out, this was the best gear on the slushy surface. Traction held and the heavy truck floundered forward, blue fumes belched out the side exhaust and, at the back, Courtney held the flapping tarpaulin down.
"What about the little ones, Mrs. O'Reilly?" Melanie gasped. "We shouldn't be leaving them behind!"
"Harold will put them in the cars," the teacher replied. "They'll be fine."
Her face, though was white with worry. What if what Harold said was true and there was no time! She grimaced, brushed wet hair from her forehead and gave an encouraging smile at the dozen children huddled in the semidarkness. The tray stunk of half wet hay and animal dung but was dry and they were moving.
*
Julie approached the ninety-degree turn into Top Oasis with trepidation. She'd never attempted a move like this and was too frightened to attempt to shift back to low gear. Even Daddy crunched it at times. She lifted her foot from the accelerator, shoved the clutch in and steered right to give her room for the left hand turn. The disengaged motor screamed, Julie swore, removed her left foot, swung the steering wheel and pushed the accelerator.
The Bedford lurched, mud squelched from the tires and the cab swayed. But the double rear wheels maintained grip on the soft gravel and the manoeuvre was completed. Ahead was the long drive and, being sheltered by trees from the sweeping rain, the truck just rumbled up. The nervous driver leaned forward, teeth bit a bottom lip in apprehension as white knuckles gripped the steering wheel but she was determined to reach the house.
The top bend was easier and the concrete drive at the top meant the thuds and bangs of stones were replaced by an almost silent hum of the tires. The house was in front! Julie swung in under the carport, braked but forgot to use the clutch. There was a shudder, the Bedford jumped forward and stalled. The horn howled and the glass doors slid back to show Fiona's worried face.
"My God, Julie!" she gasped when she recognized the driver. "What are you doing here?"
"Dad and Kylena, Grandma. Where are they?" Julie replied.
"Gone to town but why are you here driving your father's truck?" Fiona's face creased in worry lines.
Words tumbled out of Julie's mouth to explain everything that had happened.
"I'm here," came Courtney's voice from behind. She reached up and squeezed her eldest pupil's hand. "That was one tremendous effort, Julie. I'm proud of you."
Fiona watched the children climb down off the truck and took charge. "Look, get everyone inside," she said. "You too, Julie and I'll take the truck back to help Harold."
"But Grandma!"
"Do it, Julie."
The girl nodded and leaped from the cab. Helen and Gillian slid across and were lifted out; Fiona climbed in and waited until all the children had dismounted. Courtney gave the all clear and she headed the truck back down the drive.
But it was too late!
Heading down to her right was a mountain of brown, an inverted waterfall of water, mud, slush and debris. The children's screams were struck silent by the booming, scrapping, crunching wall of deluge that thundered by.
Fiona managed to stop by a gap in the trees and had a panoramic view of the avalanche.
Below there was no road, no school or schoolhouse. All she could see was a wall of filthy chocolate brown foam. Water! A raging torrent, worse than any waterfall, swirled and tumbled behind the farm cottage that stood unaffected by the deluge. Immediately behind the tiny building, though, was a mountain of mud mixed with boulders, slush, logs, and trees. A churning twisting wall of terror, nature at its worse, poured by like a flooded river!
Trees on the roadside snapped like matchwood or were plucked away as a side arm of the avalanche twisted up the road towards the Top Oasis gateway. Two minutes earlier and the Bedford with everyone aboard would have been plunged down to a certain dead.
"Harold!" screamed Fiona as she sat alone in the truck's cab and tears flooded her eyes. Her mind endeavoured to comprehend the scene being played out in front of her as the avalanche thundered on by. "Why couldn't you have come back with Julie?"
*
"Children! Everyone in earthquake positions under your desks," Vicky Taylor spoke in a calm voice after she shut the outside door.
Though frightened, the nine children responded to her voice, dived beneath their desks and held onto the steel legs just as they had done in a practice a week before.
"I want Mummy," one little fellow sobbed.
"You are safe here, Chas," the teacher replied. "Now all of you wait while I go out and see Mrs. O'Reilly."
Her anger had subsided a little but she still had not swallowed her pride. The cheek of that girl! Julie was usually so co-operative but just because that recluse roared in …she had to bring the senior room back and Courtney, too. She should have shown more responsibility. After all, she was the acting principal! Vicky squinted her eyes as the rain hit her face and blundered straight into Harold coming in.
"Look lassie," the man said in a quiet voice. "I know this is all happening but you must listen. This building cannot protect the children. It will be buried. Please listen. I am not just trying to override your authority. Your life, as well as those of the children are too important for that!"
Whether it was his calm voice, pleading look or the earthquake that began to shake the ground, nobody would ever know but Vicky Taylor did take heed of the advice.
"What do we do, Doctor Bentley?" she responded in a strained voice of uncertainty.
"The truck's gone. Get the remaining children in the cars and drive straight out. Don't even turn around. There isn't time. I'll take Mrs. O'Reilly's car."
"Right!" Vicky replied.
 Now she had decided evacuation was a sensible alternative she acted with professionalism and turned back into the room. "Children, all stand, take your neighbour's hand and make a crocodile line behind Larry," She nodded at the little boy closest to the door. "Don't run!"
A clap of thunder sounded through the heavens and the earth shook yet again.
Harold gathered Larry and the second child in his arms and ran to Courtney's car while Vicky guided the remaining seven children, all hands joined, out to the vehicles.
"The first three in line go into Mrs. O'Reilly's car, the rest in mine," Vicky roared against the howling competition of the rain.
She counted numbers and stared, pinch lipped at Harold. "They're all here," she whispered.
"Good. Now go!"
At the same time as when Julie turned up the driveway in the Bedford, therefore, the two cars accelerated in the opposite direction. Above, the avalanche began its destructive plunge towards the valley. A door banged in the wind and a child's sweater was swept against an adjacent hedge. In the backfield, school sheep stood huddled under a tree whose life span would now be limited to minutes at the most. They were blissfully ignorant of the impending disaster.
Armageddon had arrived on Long Valley Road. 
*

CHAPTER 16
In many ways, Kylena loved travelling in the old Land Rover. It was slow, noisy, drove like a tank and, at the moment water leaked in through the front air vents and the windshield wipers could barely cope with the rain. But it reminded her of childhood. She'd come off a farm and for most of her formative years a Land Rover was the family's only vehicle. She hitched up the pillow under her posterior and reached forward to wipe the windshield clear.
"Are you cold?" John asked and turned the blower up. It sounded like a tornado and a little more warm air blew in onto Kylena's feet.
"No," she smiled. "It's perfect. Everything is." She held her tummy, reached across and kissed her partner's cheek.
John grinned.” Extremes again?"
"What do you mean?"
"It was you. You said pregnant women did everything in extremes."
"I did, didn't I?"
John glanced casually in the rear vision mirror and grunted. A police car appeared out of nowhere with blue and red lights flashing and siren screaming. He pulled left to allow the vehicle by but it pulled in behind and a hand waved for them to pull over.
Kylena frowned. "Well, you couldn't have been speeding," she commented as a police officer in a wide brimmed hat and waterproof jacket alighted from his vehicle and walked forward to them.
"Mr. and Mrs. Berg?" the young looking officer asked through the driver's window.
"Why yes officer," John replied. "Is there a problem?"
The man's eyes, though, were on Kylena. "You're the principal of Long Valley School, I believe, Mrs. Berg," he stated. "On maternity leave," he added and flicked a gaze over her rotund body.
Kylena shivered. Something was wrong. She knew it.
"I am, constable."
"First let me say your two children, Julie and Helen are safe, along with most of the school's pupils who are now at your home…" His attempt to reassure the pair only aggravated the situation.
"At the house!" Kylena eyes showed the fear she felt. "Why aren't they at school?"
"There's been a problem, Mrs. Berg." the police officer coughed.
"Well, son," John replied with his American accent quite pronounced, "I'd say you had better tell us what has happened."
The man told the two everything he knew. "Mrs. Fiona Reynolds phoned the emergency number and reported the avalanche has filled the valley beyond your drive. The school and schoolhouse have been buried beneath the subsidence. A rescue helicopter is due to arrive there within moments and I was dispatched to find you two."
"Oh my God!" Kylena's fear turned to horror "So Harold, Vicky and most of the junior room pupils buried in the slip." she gasped.
"We do not know that Ma'am," the constable replied. "They may have escaped down the eastern side of the site. That was their intention.”
"I want to get there!" Kylena added. Her face was drawn, she could feel her heart pounding in her chest but she had a determined expression that the police constable noticed.
"I'll lead the way," he said. "If any more news comes through the radio I'll flag you down. Okay?"
John glanced at his man's nametag. "We'll appreciate that, Constable Deans," he replied and reached across to shut the window. "Thank you."
The officer gave a slight smile. "Now don't worry. I'm sure they had time to evacuate the school. There were two adults with the children."
Kylena was about to scream that he never knew but saw the compassion in his eyes and realized he was only trying to be kind. She met the eyes fixed on her and nodded. Her throat, though was dry and her stomach churned to compound the thumping heart. Suddenly, without warning, a pain shot through her body; so excruciating she cried out in agony and clasped her stomach. Other things were happening inside! She stifled a scream and realized her clothes and legs were wet.
Both men turned in alarm and John's arm shot out. "What is it, my dear?"
"My water, John!" Kylena choked. "My water's burst. I think I'm having the baby." She grimaced as another pain raked through her body.
Constable Deans was the first to react. "The Schneider farm is just up the road," he said. "Can you hold on until then, Ma'am? Five minutes, tops."
"I hope so," the mother-to-be grimaced and attempted a smile.
The police constable ran to his car and accelerated with tires spinning, so fast he was up the road and had to slow to allow John to catch up.
"He's more nervous than you, “John muttered.
But Kylena was too worried to respond. She clasped a handhold and bite on her lip as another birth pain ripped through her body. "Hurry John," she panted. "Bubs doesn't want to wait."
*
Betty Schneider, a plump woman in her forties couldn't have been more cooperative. As soon as Constable Deans explained the situation, she rushed through to a bedroom and opened the patio doors there.
 “Bring her in here,” she said. 'I'll phone Doctor Downie.'
John would not let Kylena walk but carried her along the wide veranda to the bedroom and placed her on the bed. "You're be fine, my sweet," he encouraged and kissed her cheek.
"I'm sorry, John," she responded. "What a time for this to happen."
John ran a finger over her lips. "Yes. In years to come when Caroline is Julie's age we'll tell her about the untimely arrival."
"Caroline?" Kylena frowned.
"Wasn't that the name we both picked for a girl?"
"Oh yes, I'd forgotten." Her voice turned into a scream. "She's coming, oh my God!"
*
Perhaps the Grim Reaper tossed the dice that day and it came up a three or it may have been sheer fate. When Harold accelerated away behind Vicky's Toyota, the only thing on his mind was to move as fast as possible away from the area. But the car in front was too slow, so slow he almost hit its rear bumper. He braked and allowed a few metres to separate the two vehicles; a traffic accident at this stage would not help.
A petrified scream from one of the girls made him glance out the driver's window. He gulped. A wall of foam ten metres high replaced the hillside. Harold braked and turned the steering wheel so the rear of the car faced the deluge.
"Get on the floor!" he screamed at the children.
That was all there was time to say for everywhere around, water and more solid substances pelted the roof, the car shuddered but that was all. It was as if they were on the underside of a gigantic breaker just before it broke and swept them away. In those microseconds, Harold's mind interpreted what his eyes saw but he had no time to send messages for his limbs to react, not that they could do anything!
Ten metres in front, the white Toyota was hit, lifted and flipped over. Harold could see the wheels spinning in the air as the car slid away. A second later a wall of mud curled up behind the vehicle, lifted it for an instant before an even greater wall descended on the upside down vehicle and it was gone! A full sized tree, roots up like a grotesque giant stretching out his arms, replaced the image before this was gone in a lava of chocolate mud.
Harold shuddered in shock and turned. Behind was another wall of mud but they were in the middle. Ignoring the children's screams, he moved his head to the right and saw that by some quirk of fate, they were below a rocky ridge that had diverted the avalanche left and right around them. In front he could still see the gravel road and grass. But it did not last. Mud poured in from each side and seized the Escort. It shuddered like jelly. Mud came up as high as the windows before it stopped and retreated. The car was lifted upwards, carried sideways and finally flicked right around so Harold could see the hillside.
He gasped. It was a massive sea of churning boulders, mud, and trees.
There was a scraping crunch, a shudder and it was only the seat belts that stopped the driver being flung against the windshield. Outside, a massive pine tree, one of the few still standing, held the little car while, a few metres behind, the rocky outcrop also held and diverted the avalanche around the tiny oasis of calm like the eye in the middle of a hurricane.
Harold searched around. Mud engulfed them, the doors were held as if in a concrete mould but they were alive and behind, the wall of mud was smaller and gray sky could be seen.
"We're safe, Kids," Harold spoke for the first time. "You can all sit up now."
Five tiny heads looked up and there was nothing worse than a bruised arm to contend with.
Harold reached in his pocket, took out two crunchy bars that were to be his lunch up at the top boundary fence and broke them into six pieces.
"Here," he said. “One bit for each of us. Now just sit still. Someone will come and rescue us soon."
*
"Grandma," Julie called. "There's a second helicopter coming down. It looks like an air force one."
Fiona placed the cup in her hand down and rushed to the door. Julie was right. A huge camouflaged helicopter with a blue ringlet and red kiwi, the national bird of New Zealand, on its fuselage, landed in the field between the implement and wool sheds. She watched as a crewman in orange helmet jumped out.
 Fiona saw five children being helped out. Behind, an elderly man, shook the crewmembers hand and, buffeted by the downdraft glanced up and waved.
"Harold!" she screamed and ran across the lawn.
She reached him at the gate and flung her arms around his body. "Harold!" she sobbed. "I thought you were dead."
"No lassie," he replied and held onto her." The Good Lord and the Devil had an argument on who would take me, couldn't decide so let me go."
"Oh Harold," Fiona cried. "When I heard you'd gone back." She buried her head in his shoulder and wept tears of gratitude.
*
Across the lawn, a flight lieutenant had more unfortunate news to spread to two trembling parents. "I'm sorry, ladies," he said. "We are still searching for the other car. The children here now are all we have rescued."
"No!" howled one woman, her eyes filled with emotion. "My Bradley!"
"I'm sorry," the embarrassed air force officer replied. "We have search crews out there now and one other helicopter on patrol. If we find the other car we'll tell you at once."
"Come inside, Sue," Courtney said and placed an arm around the weeping woman. She looked up to find Fiona there to lead the lady away and turned to the air force officer. "Thank you for all you've done, flight lieutenant," she said. "I hear it's a miracle my car was safe."
"Your car was it, Ma'am?" the man replied in a soft voice. "It was the one spot across the whole avalanche that wasn't buried. The school, school house and everything have gone." He stroked his moustache. “I didn't tell that lady but I'm afraid there is little hope for the occupants of the remaining car."
“I guessed that," the teacher replied. "If only… " She stopped and smiled at the man beside her. "It could have been worse, you know. If Harold hadn't come we could have all been killed."
"I believe so," the man replied. "He was a brave man. Now if you will excuse me, I need to get my 'copter back down to the eastern side," He shrugged. "You never know your luck."
*
Inside, Fiona's mobile phone rang.
"Fiona," gasped John's voice. "The police have just told me Harold has been rescued but what of Vicky?"
"There's no news, John. I'm sorry."
"I see," John’s voice dropped. "Are Julie and Helen there?"
"Yes. Do you want to speak to them?"
'No, we have our own crisis. The baby is on her way."
"Oh hell!" Fiona retorted. "What happened?"
"The shock of the news, I guess," John replied. 'We're waiting for a helicopter to take us to Palmerston North." His voice broke. "It's two months early. Look, I must go."
"Right, John," Fiona gasped, clicked off and found Julie.
"Your dad just rung and said Kylena is in labour. They're taking her to Palmerston North."
Julie's grim face turned even whiter.
"Oh Grandma," she whispered. "What will happen?"
"At seven months, the baby will be tiny but has a chance. They'll put her in a incubator after she is born."
"Grandma," Julie fixed her eyes on her grandmother. "Kylena won't die will she?'
Fiona blinked back tears and hugged her granddaughter. "No, she'll be fine. Women have premature babies all the time."
"And the baby?"
"I don't know, Julie. We'll just have to wait and see."
"Oh Grandma." Julie tried to keep a brave face but her fists clenched. "I need to tell Helen," she cried in the end.
"No, sit here, Sweetheart," Fiona coached. "I'll find her."
Courtney arrived, took one look at Julie's face and turned to Fiona. "What's wrong!" she gasped.
"Kylena heard about the avalanche and the shock has brought on the baby. They're taking her to Palmerston North hospital."
"That's all we need!" Courtney gasped, She reached for the edge of a table to steady herself, staggered and almost fell. Her face paled and, without warning, her body erupted into tears.
*
Harold, who was squatting down with Helen glanced up when Fiona arrived. "Helen's being a brave girl," he said, gave her a wee hug and stood up. "I'm going back to help in the search," he muttered and disappeared out the door.
He had a theory. The rescue crews were searching for the missing car below where the Escort had been found. He could see the vision of the upturned car in his mind's eye, wheels still swinging and rear section tipped up in an almost vertical position. The vision was engraved on his mind as he thought through the scene again. Straight after the main force of the slide roared through and the vehicle had disappeared from sight.
That was it! It disappeared from sight. It was not buried under the mud as he had originally supposed. Also the movement was off to the left towards Top Oasis, not straight down the valley. Perhaps the vehicle was carried across the avalanche rather than down the valley and was somewhere on this side.
"Come on Sissy," he grunted to the fox terrier, ducked his head into the pouring rain and headed down the drive. They arrived at the road and headed towards the cottage and the edge of the slip. A large piece of wooden frame, it appeared to be part of the old school play shed, had twisted around in the sludge and ground to a halt several metres away. This part of the road was level so the movement was away from the pressure and force of the avalanche itself.
"Want a hand there, Harold?" a voice came through the rain and the elderly man glanced up to see Kelvin Newson standing, coatless on the road with water streaming off his old hat and shirt. Khaki shorts clung to saturated skin.
"Hello Kelvin. The search crews are on the main avalanche site looking for the missing car but what if it was pushed across the face to this side?"
"What a bloody shambles," Kelvin muttered. "The whole lot gone!" He stared up at what was his newly grassed hillside. "A hundred thousand bucks just gone!"
Kelvin frowned at the man. He was about to snort it was his own fault when he saw Kelvin's eyes, that almost vacant stare out into the rain. Of course, he was in shock, too. Probably his last chance to turn a profit was gone in those few minutes.
"Come on, Kelvin," he said kindly. "Let's follow this side along. We may just see the car."
"The car!" muttered the other man. "What car?"
 Harold explained.
"Oh shit! I didn't know." Kelvin replied. The eyes lost their distant gaze and his attention was now focused on Harold.
Together the two made their way along the slip edge and searched through the dull light. The downpour slackened a little to become a misty drizzle but, if anything, visibility was worse as the clouds descended around the hilltops. A helicopter with flashing navigation lights, roared over and muffled shouts could be heard in the distance. Mud was up to Harold's calves and hindered his progress as it sucked his gumboots down with every step but he continued along the side of the road. He wiped water from his eyes and stared out. Clumps, tree branches, debris from a building, roofing iron, even the remains of playground equipment all stuck out of the quagmire.
"You're right," muttered Kelvin. "Part of the school was swept this way."
"Yeah," Harold grunted, sloshed further along the edge but there appeared to be nothing that even remotely resembled the car.
"Come on, Harold," Kelvin muttered. "There's nothing here, I'm afraid.”
"I guess you’re right," Harold replied and was about to follow his neighbour's advice when Sissy started barking and ran along the slip towards a large uprooted tree trunk. “What is it, girl?" he called and followed the dog.
"Probably a rabbit," muttered Kelvin.
"No, I don't think so. Sissy has seen something." Harold raised his hand over his eyebrows and stared out. Roots of the tree were stuck out of the mud but embedded in behind was something metal. He reached out, grabbed Kelvin's arm and pointed.
"What's that?" he spluttered.
Kelvin followed his gaze where white paint could be seen behind the twisted branches and leaves. "You're bloody right, mate," he said. "It's the car!"
"You did it girl!" Harold gasped, picked Sissy up and cuddled her in his arms. "Stay here, girl. It's too deep for you," he continued and, without waiting, sloshed out towards the tree. The little dog panted, thumped her tail and sat down to watch the men. Her job was done.
Yes, the upturned Toyota was beyond the tree stump! The back of it stuck out of the mud at an angle of forty-five degrees. The mud was up above Harold's knees before he reached the tree and worked his way around the roots towering above him.
"Come on!” he shouted to Kelvin who kicked off his gumboots and followed.
By now Harold was already beside the car. He rubbed mud off the back window, pressed his nose to the glass to peer in but jumped back in shock. A terrified little face stared back out at him.
Kelvin also saw the face. "We'll never get those doors open," he panted. "Even if we did the mud would slide in and cover the kids."
"So what do we do?" Harold snorted.
Kelvin stopped and studied the scene. "The back window. We need to break it."
"But the children!"
"Well what do you bloody suggest?" the other man retorted.
"You're right," Harold replied and glanced back to see the tiny white face had gone.
He found a loose tree branch and nodded at his companion.
"Hit it in the middle!" Kelvin advised. He also had a branch in his hand. "It will take a bit of power. You go first and I'll try to hit the same spot.”
With all his strength, Harold swung the heavy branch down on the window. It vibrated but not even a crack appeared. He pulled back, raised the branch again and watched as Kelvin's powerful swing bashed his branch on almost the identical spot.
Harold swung a second time, his whole body jarred and he withdrew again. The men swung again and again until, on the sixth or was it the seventh belt, the window sort of folded in and clouded over into a circle of octagonal shaped pieces outside two intersecting cracks.
"Bloody good job!" Kelvin swore and aimed one more belt at the glass.
"That'll do," gasped Harold.
He reached for a thinner stick from the tree and poked it through a minute hole, Kelvin saw what was being attempted and assisted. Together, they wedged the glass particles up until a small section broke off, followed by another. Harold reached forward with his fingers, slipped four inside and pulled. The crumpled glass came towards him like a piece of cardboard.
"Keep going, Harold," Kelvin encouraged. "It's lifting."
The glass continued out until a section, the size of a dinner plate, came away in Harold's hand and screams and sobs from inside filled the air.
Kelvin grabbed another section but with the pressure on the safety glass gone, this came out easily. Harold gripped a top part and pulled. It was like pulling toffee but more and more came away until half the glass was removed.
Harold gazed in to see two eyes and a tear stained face gazing at him. “Can you give me your hands Laddie?" he asked the little boy inside.
"I think so," sobbed the boy.
Harold gripped two wrists and pulled. It was like pulling a cork from a bottle but the little fellow came straight up. Kelvin tucked his arm around the boy and held him. "You're safe now, Bradley, me lad," he said in a soft voice.
Meanwhile, Harold had reached in and lifted a little girl out. She attempted a smile and used her feet to push on the car body. "And what's your name, little lady?" he asked.
"Alexia," she sobbed. Harold could see blood flowing from a cut chin.
"Good, Alexia. Stand beside your friend there. It's raining and you'll get wet but you don't mind that, do you."
"No," the wide eyes just stared at Harold.
Kelvin pulled the third child out and Harold the last. "There were only four," he gasped. "There's only the teacher now."
He slid head, arms and shoulders through into the stinking interior and focused on the scene. The four children had all been in the back seat. In front was only an arm and the end of a turquoise cardigan poking out from the mud. Harold grabbed the hand but it just sort of flopped down.
"Oh hell!" he gasped and wriggled further in.
"Be careful," Kelvin advised from behind. "The whole car could go."
A clump of hair was wedged in the corner. Harold reached down, found a chin and lifted the head up but it was inanimate. Glazed eyes appeared and water flowed out of a grotesque shaped mouth. Using one hand to steady himself and the other to swish away the mud from the woman's nose and lips, he examined her face but it was just a pastel gray.
He grabbed the wrist again and felt for a pulse. There was none!
"Harold!" Kelvin shouted from behind. "You'd better get out."
"Okay," he muttered and wriggled back, found the farmer's eyes and gave a slight shake of his head.
"Miss Taylor!" cried Alexia, her eyes filled with tears. "She wouldn't talk to us."
"Other men will come and help her out," Harold lied.
 He knew it was too late for Vicky Taylor.
As the two men lifted the four children around the tree roots, a man and a woman dressed in orange safety clothes appeared.
"Hang on there," the woman shouted. "We'll help!"
"Vicky Taylor is still in the car," Harold gasped and wiped his beard in frustration. "I don't think anything can be done for her."
"Okay, Harold," the man who appeared to be a police or air force officer, replied in a soft voice as he placed a hand on the rescuer's shoulder. "Thank you. You've done everything you can. We'll get the helicopter in to lift the car out. Get back up to the house."
When Harold and Kelvin, each carrying two children, arrived at Top Oasis with Sissy trotting along behind, they were met by two sobbing women who rushed up and grabbed two of the children. Fiona grabbed another child and Courtney the last.
"We'll ring your mommy," Fiona said to the youngster clutching her neck. "We'll get you dry and find a hot cup of cocoa for you."
The first woman kissed her son, sat him on a sofa took both Harold's hands. "I heard what you did, Doctor Bentley," she sobbed. "You saved my Bradley's life. Thank you!"
"Anyone would have done it." Harold sounded embarrassed. "I'm just glad we were in time, that’s all."
The woman looked up. "No," she said. "Everyone was searching on the other side. You were the only one who thought of this end."
"It was Sissy who found them, Ma'am," Harold continued.
He gazed around the room and smiled as Fiona came and tucked an arm around him. "You stink of mud but I still love you, Harold," she whispered. "Come on. I'll get you a hot drink."
"And don't forget something for Sissy," the elderly man replied.
*

CHAPTER 17
It was ten to midnight on that fateful day when the new Berg baby arrived in the world at Palmerston North Hospital and the exhausted mother smiled up at John, Doctor Simone Downie and a hospital gynaecologist.
"Though premature, your baby appears to be healthy, Mrs. Berg," the doctor said. "We've transferred her to a incubator and everything possible will be done for your little girl.”
"Will she survive, doctor?" the new mother gasped.
"She weighs two point one kilograms, a kilogram below a full term baby's average weight but we have saved many lighter than her."
"I want to see her," the new mother said with that now well known determined streak.
"I thought you might," said a nurse. "She's right beside you."
Kylena turned and felt John's hand clasp hers. Together they looked into the glass bubble of the incubator. Inside, almost immersed by a tube across its face was a tiny red skinned baby, hardly bigger than John's hand. The eyes were shut but tiny legs and arms kicked out. Fingernails the size of a pinhead could be seen.
"John." Kylena burst into sobbing tears. "She's perfect."
"She has every chance of surviving," Simone said. "Tell me, have you a name for her."
"Caroline," Kylena sobbed. "We haven't thought of a middle name yet."
"A lovely name, Kylena for a lovely baby. Now, just relax. Your job is done and Caroline is in safe hands."
"Thank you doctor," Kylena gasped. She squeezed John's hand and glanced up at the wall. A hospital clock had all its arms vertical. A new day was about to begin with a new beginning for them all.
*
Julie woke in her room and realized it was daylight and it had stopped raining. She glanced at her watch and leapt out of bed. Eight thirty. She had slept in. Memories of the day before flooded back like a terrible nightmare. Perhaps if she went to sleep and woke up again she would find it was a dream and everything would be normal. She swallowed. No, it had all happened.
Suddenly she heard a telephone ring and her grandmother's voice.
"Kylena," the girl screamed, flung the blankets aside and ran into the kitchen. Fiona glanced up and handed the receiver to her granddaughter.
"Hi, Sweetheart," Kylena 's voice sounded tired but happy. "You have a little sister. Caroline is perfect and weighs two point one kilograms. Tell Grandma that is four pounds one ounce"
Julie just stared at her grandmother with tears in her eyes." I will, Kylena," she sniffed "Where's Daddy?"
"I'm here, Sweetheart," John's voice came on the telephone. "Everyone is fine, here."
There was a thump and Helen appeared with a grin all over her face. "I want to talk to Mommy," she exclaimed
"Don't talk too long,' muttered Julie and turned back to her grandmother. 'Did you hear the news?'
"I did," Fiona replied.
"Can we go to see Kylena and my little sister, Grandma? " Helen still held the telephone in her hand,
"Yes, Harold is just backing the car out. We'll leave straight away".
  *
Vicky Taylor's funeral was held in her hometown, Palmerston North, at Saint Peter's Anglican Church, one of the largest churches in the district. Just before the service began in the packed building, a large black Mercedes flying a New Zealand Ensign drew into the drive and the Minister of Education stepped out. He approached Vicky's grieving family before continuing on to meet Bishop Daniel Brunton, the officiating priest for the sad event.
After the hearse carried the body away for a private cremation and the usual condolences were extended to family and friends, the Minister of Education said a quick word to his aide and walked up to where Harold and the Berg family stood.
"I just want to shake your hand, Doctor Bentley," he said. "I believe if it wasn't for your valiant effort there may have been two dozen deaths at Long Valley School on that terrible day. One death is a tragedy but to have all the children saved through your efforts, helps to lighten the torment."
Harold nodded, mumbled something in return and shook the minister's hand. However, the man had not finished. He turned back to the family and spied to a tearful girl trying to look inconspicuous behind her father and stepmother. "I also wish to shake your hand, Julie," he said with a slight smile. "I heard you were also responsible in saving your classmates' lives. They must be proud of you."
His clasp was firm and Julie looked directly into his eyes. "I was the one there sir," she said in a modest voice.” It was Harold who really saved us."
"Possibly," the minister replied. "From what I was told, though, without your brave act many more lives would have been lost, including your own. As you are an American citizen, I shall personally be writing to your embassy in Wellington to inform them of your bravery."
Julie flushed. "Thank you," she replied and turned to find John and Kylena on each side of her. "My little sister was born on that day, Sir. Mom was only released from hospital to attend the service today."
"Yes, I heard one of our most promising principals had her own drama on that fateful day." the minister replied and his eyes turned to Kylena. "Congratulations Mrs. Berg. You must be proud of your new family."
"Oh I am sir," Kylena said and also took his hand. "All of them."
It was a sad occasion but there was a pride in the Berg extended family that day and even Harold had to swallow the lump in his throat when Fiona's hand slipped into his.
"Nice young chap," he muttered as he watched the ministerial car drive away.
*
The next week, Kylena was home but without Baby Caroline who remained in the hospital incubator until her weight increased. Long Valley Road School reopened in temporary accommodation at the district hall a kilometre up the valley from Top Oasis. The road was bulldozed across the avalanche face and official visitors from the Rangitikei District Council, Ministry of Education, Ministry of Conservation and others hung around like bees to honey, as Fiona put it.
Official letters also arrived but of most interest to Kylena was one about the fate of the school.
"I guess it had to come to this," she said a few days later when she read a letter to the Board of Trustees that both John and herself had received. "They're calling a district meeting to reconsider the consolidation of our school, Junction Road and Matakaka. It seems that, and she read from the letter in her hand … "In light of the spare classroom space at the other two schools the estimated quarter of a million dollars cost to rebuild Long Valley Road School on a new site is not considered a practical use of taxpayer's money."
"I know but I can see sense in their proposal." John sighed and read the remaining part of the letter. "If they closed Matakaka and moved their building to Junction Road, there will be three classrooms for something like fifty children. The ministry's guarantee of three teachers for two years and bus services to our two districts as well as all that new equipment is quite enticing. "
"Bribes," retorted Kylena. "It's a repeat of their arguments before you arrived. The only difference is, now with no school here, what can we do except accept the package?"
*
And that was how it eventuated. After three meetings and only slight protests from the twelve-pupil Matakaka School Board of Trustees, it was agreed that the new Junction Road District School would open in the New Year. Meanwhile, all positions at the newly constituted school would be advertised and unsuccessful applicants from the three closed schools would be extended the usual redundancy packages.
More unexpected, though, was a phone call Kylena received the day after the final agreement was signed.
"Good evening, Mrs. Berg," a pleasant woman's voice said. "I am Marion Buxton. You may remember me at last night's meeting."
"I do," Kylena replied. Marion Buxton was the chairperson of the Junction Road School Board of Trustees and interim chairperson of the new district school.
"I know John is on the new interim board that met in committee just after we were formed so you may know why I am calling."
"I'm afraid I don't,' Kylena replied. "I guess John felt it was best not to discuss confidential items with me."
"I see," Mrs. Buxton replied. "I believe you had originally intended to return to your position in the New Year."
"I had," Kylena replied. "Now, of course, the tragedy has changed the circumstances. There is no school to return to."
"If you excuse me for encroaching on your private life but have you considered your options for next year?" the lady asked.
"I take redundancy and become a farmer."
"That's what John told us and is the reason for this call."
"Go on," Kylena frowned.
"The interim board invites you to apply for the position as principal in the new district school."
"What about your present principal and Diane Hampton from Matakaka."
"Oh, Bruce Cheever is applying and we believe Diane is only interested in one of the assistant's positions."
"Then why ask me?"
"We believe you should apply, Kylena," the woman replied but would not elaborate.
Kylena hung up and turned to John who had been pretending to read the paper, "You knew about this, didn't you?" she accused.
He glanced up with a slow grin. "About what, Kylena?"
"Devious, aren't you?" She glowered and walked out of the room.
Two weeks later, Kylena became incoming principal of Junction Road District School. Bruce Cheever's wife turned down the offer of keeping her position, Diane Hampton from Matakaka accepted one of the assistant's positions and, much to her own surprise and delight, Courtney O'Reilly was appointed the second assistant teacher.
 *
Christmas in the middle of summer amused John and Fiona but the girls took it in their stride. There was still the massive decorated Christmas tree in the living room, a turkey dinner and oodles of gifts but the afternoon was spent relaxing outside. After the dinner dishes were put in the dishwasher and the wrapping paper gathered up, Kylena lay under a sun umbrella feeding Caroline. Adjacent, Harold and John sat at a log table playing yet another chess game. Julie, Helen and three school friends screamed in the Top Oasis swimming pool with water going everywhere while Sissy and Bella, ignoring the festive atmosphere, lay sound asleep beneath a shady tree.
Up in the attic, Fiona and Aggie, who was visiting for Christmas, sat amongst Harold's boxes of drawings and other documents John had persuaded him to store there.
"What are you looking for, Aggie?" Fiona asked as the younger woman opened another cardboard box of papers and lifted the top bundle out.
"I found out why Dad left the university so abruptly," she replied." There are a few missing pieces in the puzzle."
"Can you enlighten me?" Fiona asked.
The other woman sighed, sat back and pulled her knees up under her arms. "Twelve years ago, Dad was doing research on genetic engineering of plants, mainly crops and vegetables. He had an assistant, a Patricia Fenwick who was fifteen years younger than him." She stared at Fiona, "Are you sure you want to hear more?"
"Yes."
"They had an affair," Aggie continued, "At least that was Dad's view of it. This Patricia was a scheming little bitch who ripped Dad off and went on to become a professor at a top American university."
"I see," Fiona whispered. "But how?"
"I have a theory but that is all it is. What I need is something to use as evidence. When I was examining Dad's drawings on my last visit I noticed these boxes of papers but never thought they were of any value. Now, though, I believe they might be able to provide some clue to the reason why this woman is bathed in international glory and Dad dropped out of the system." She pursed her lips. "Both events happened about the same time."
Fifty minutes later, Aggie pulled a rubber band off another pile of musty documents and gave them a cursory glance through. She stopped, frowned, pulled a paper out from a third of the way through and began to read with intense interest.
"Yes!" she gasped and her eyes shone.
"What?"
"This could be it," the scientist reiterated. She read another page before looking up into her counterpart's curious eyes. "There's plenty to be done yet but will you promise me something, Fiona?"
"If it helps Harold, I'll promise anything."
"Don't tell Dad about what we did this afternoon. You know how obstinate he can be."
"Sure, but what is so important about that document in your hand?"
"Proof, Fiona," Aggie said. "At least, I believe it is."
*
Kylena officially took over as Principal of Matakaka Valley School, as the composite school was renamed, three weeks before the academic year commenced so it wasn't until that time that she could examine the records and files.
The old Matakaka School classroom was on site and architects had linked it with the original two-classroom block via a new half built library block. This had been delayed and was not due for completion until after Easter. She grinned at glass sliding door leading into the new administration block that had an office, staffroom and medical room built at the front of the original two-classroom block. These were almost finished with only painting and plumbing work to be done. Ironically, the upgrading cost more than if Long Valley Road had been rebuilt but she could see the sense in spending the money for fifty children rather than twenty.
The incoming principal used her keys to unlock the new door for the first time and stepped inside. That smell of newness was everywhere and a sense of pride and exhilaration filled her as she walked through to the new office and gazed out the bay windows across the playground where Fiona, the two girls and the baby were at the swimming pool. Her excitement, however, was interrupted by a voice behind her.
"So it didn't take you long for you to arrive and get your claws into my school, did it? ... One day."
Kylena turned to see a drunken Bruce Cheever leaning against the office door. Memories of another man who had suddenly confronted her sent a shudder through her but she pulled herself up. This was not her first husband in the middle of a lonely night, it was a hot summer's day and her family and other people were across the playground.
"You know I have every right to be here, Bruce," she replied and fought to keep the tremor out of her voice. These fears were stupid.
"Yeah, you came into the school when I was ill, change everything to suit your scatterbrained ways, told everyone what a shambles everything was then, behind my back, applied for the job here after making sure, of course, your old man was on the selection committee." The man stepped forward and glared at his replacement.
Kylena retreated a step so she was behind a desk. Somehow this gave her security. However, Bruce did not come any closer. Instead, he moved sideways, almost collapsed into a chair and bowed his head beneath his hands. At that moment, the young woman's emotions changed from fear and intimidation to compassion. She stared at him sitting there and remembered something else. John had found out Bruce didn't fall through a window that week she had taught at the school but was absent through stress related illness. The accident was a cover up that backfired on the family when rumours of the husband and wife having had a fight circulated the district.
Kylena wondered if it was worth talking to him in his present state but decided to try, anyway. "Listen Bruce," she said. "You have a few wrong facts here. One, our three schools were all disestablished and replaced by a new one that happens to be on this site, there were three principals of the same level who were without a position. I was fortunate enough to win but assure you I never discussed or criticized you to your parents or board. Two, John, is on the interim Board of Trustees but withdraw from the selection committee and three, there is no slur on you for having missed out. You are now entitled to assistance in finding a similar position and will receive full pay for two terms while you are searching."
"And what chances have I of getting one?" the man muttered. "Everyone knows a good looking woman like yourself only needs to wriggle her hips a little and she's half way there."
Kylena's emotions changed again, this time to anger. "That is not true," she retorted. "The truth in conservative rural areas like this is the complete opposite. I know, for example, that I only won the job at Long Valley Road because there were no male applicants and had to fight sexism most of my time there." Her face softened. "I personally, do not think the conditions for teachers are ideal but I do not make the rules."
" I guess," Bruce muttered and rose to his unsteady feet. "Anyway, I won't be around to annoy you. Enjoy your time here."
He gave a wave of his hand, focused on Kylena's face for a moment and left.
"Damn the man," Kylena muttered. She gazed around the empty room and decided she needed her family.
"Mommy," Helen's voice filled the playground when she walked across to the swimming pool. "Are you coming in for a swim? The water is really warm."
That one voice of a seven year old was enough to restore her faith in people.
She walked in the pool enclosure and smiled at Fiona who sat under a sun umbrella feeding Caroline a bottle. "Want me to take over?" she asked.
"No, Sweetheart," Fiona glanced up and smiled. "If I am going to be permanent baby sitter at the end of the month, I need the practice." She smiled down at Caroline, made soothing little noises, rubbed the baby's back until a burp came up and continued the feeding.
"Mommy," Helen yelled.” Are you coming in?"
"Come on, Kylena," persuaded Julie from the middle of the pool where she was surrounded by three youths vying for her attention.
"You know, I think I just might," the new principal smiled and walked into the girls' shed to get changed. 
*
 "Oh John, you should have seen it," Kylena said when he came in for an afternoon coffee break. "I went back after my swim and looked through the filing cabinet. You know, there was nothing there, no curriculum outlines, no long term plans, so school policies; nothing." She sipped her drink and stared at the door. "Those months of records and all my work is buried under several tons of clay from Kevin's hillside," she added bitterly. "I'm thrilled to get the new position, of course, but the idea of having to redo everything and start from scratch makes my time at Long Valley Road School seem one big waste of time."
"But wasn't that what you expected?" John replied.
"I knew Bruce was lackadaisical but I don't know how he got away with doing so little."
"And wouldn't you have changed most things, anyhow?"
"I know but if I had all my work it wouldn't be so hard to adapt it. The idea of starting from scratch." She grimaced and reached for a slice of chocolate cake Fiona had baked that morning.
John grinned, stood up and left the room only to return a moment later holding a box of computer disks. "A good computer worker always keeps a copy of programs in a secure place. I copied everything you did on the school computer on this disk and brought it home." He shrugged. "I also kept a copy of work on our home computer at school so that's gone. I'll need to recopy it, now."
"Everything?" Kylena broke into a smile.
"Yes, you were pretty conscientious and used the computer for most of your work. It is all here." He held the box up.
"My dear," she laughed. "You're marvellous and I love you. How can I repay you for your forethought."
"There is one way," John chuckled and reached out for her.
*
The lawyer walked into the interview room and waited for his client to be led in. He stood, shook hands with the sullen man and waited for the guard to leave.
"So what is it this time?" Mic Werner grunted as he slung a leg over the wooden chair and sat down.
"News,” said the lawyer. "Good and not so good."
"Give me the bad stuff first," Werner replied.
"Your trial has been put back at least three months and the police are seeking to incorporate the charge of stealing John Berg's cattle with the assault charge against your estranged wife. This could be bad for you as the Crown is going to try to prove the two alleged crimes are interconnected."
"So," Werner snapped. "What else is new?"
"Due to the trial being put back, I've managed to get bail for you." He gave a thin smile. "That's the good news."
Werner's eyes glanced up and the dark stare changed to a grin. “From when?"
"There are restrictions," the lawyer warned and extracted a document from his satchel. "You are to surrender your passport and must report to the police station once a week."
Mic Werner shrugged.
"Also you are restricted from travelling within twenty kilometres of Long Valley Road or communicating with Kylena Berg or her husband personally, by mail or electronic means."
"Meaning?"
"You cannot call, text or send email messages to any of the Berg family."
"Wouldn't bloody want to," Werner snorted. “That bitch is not worth it."
The lawyer glanced up and saw the dark expression in the man's eyes. "My advice is to contain any emotions about your ex-wife when you are in public. Any outburst will merely play into the Crown prosecutor's hands."
"Yeah, yeah." Werner snapped. He reached for the bail document. "Where do I sign?"
After leaving prison, Mic Werner had two priorities. He visited the local brothel and found a young Asian girl from Thailand hardly out of high school. She was expensive but quite uninhibited and didn't object to his quite violent approach. Afterwards he visited a downtown bar and arranged to meet an acquaintance of his. They talked for twenty minutes before the man stood up and shook his head.
"No man," he said. “I’ll have nothing to do with it, nor will anyone else I know of. She's hot, man. If anyone goes within a country mile of her the cops will be down on us like flies around shit. Keep your money."
"Bastard," Werner snarled. However, he later found the man had told the truth. Nobody from the criminal world was the slightest bit interested in his proposition.
"Bloody cowards," the intoxicated Werner growled at two the following morning after his fourth rebuttal. "I'll get you myself my dear Mrs. Kylena Berg. Nobody gets the best of Mic Werner. Not even you, you fat bitch."
He wiped a dirty hand across his froth-stained moustache, decided to pay another visit to the young prostitute and left the nightclub. As he stumbled out the door he never noticed another seedy customer gulp his drink and discretely follow.
*
Detective Constable Fenton's orders were explicit. Until he was relieved in two hours time, he was to keep with Werner and take note of every person the man had contact with. Already the young Asian girl had been interviewed, removed from the brothel by the police and the owner told if any other under aged illegal immigrants were employed, the premises would be closed.
The owner was hard, one of the worst, but he believed the detective talking to him. An order went out that Mic Werner was not to be allowed back on the premises and two heavies were sent out to advise the man to stay away.
At five the same morning the badly beaten man was found in the park and transported to the hospital. The wounds were sore but caused no permanent injury except to enhance the man's already foul temper. Kylena was the cause of all his troubles and, by God, she was going to pay.
*

 CHAPTER 18
The applause broke into a standing ovation that the woman behind the rostrum received with a modest smile. Professor Patricia Fenwick did not notice a colleague sitting purse lipped in the front row with eyes glued on her. Doctor Angelina Sands-Bentley was not cheering or even clapping as she sat with knees together and her gloved hands folded across her body.
The second day of the conference at White Reef Hotel overlooking Waikiki Beach in Honolulu was, to date, a brilliant success. Over a hundred and twenty top world scientists attended and the paper presented by Professor Fenwick on genetically altered crops to increase the world's food supplies was well researched.
After the applause subsided, the chairperson of the conference, stood, added his congratulations to the professor and suggested it was now a good time for a break. Conversations started throughout the room as the audience drifted through into an adjacent room for coffee.
Aggie waited while several people took the opportunity to speak with Professor Fenwick and when the woman of her attention was about to depart, walked up and introduced herself.
"Yes, Doctor Sands from New Zealand," the professor read the nametag on Aggie's breast. The tall, petite fifty year old looked younger than her years but this was probably helped by a dye rinse that hid gray hair. "I must say I enjoyed my years at Victoria University in your country and I look forward to the paper you are presenting tomorrow, is it?" The slightly condescending tone did not go unnoticed by Aggie.
"I don't believe you will, Professor Fenwick," came the terse reply. "For you see, unless you choose to co-operate fully I shall expose you for the fraud you are."
Eyes met, both serious; both cold but it was the New Zealander who held her opponent's gaze.
"Perhaps you had better explain yourself doctor," Fenwick hissed.
"My full name is Angelina Sands-Bentley," Aggie continued in a soft controlled voice. "My father is Doctor Harold Bentley whom, and I have evidence to support my statement, you had an affair with in 1992. The liaison itself is of no interest to me but the consequences of the joint research you did with my father is."
"What do you want, Doctor Sands?" Patricia Fenwick's stern voice failed to hide a slight quiver. "Is this blackmail?"
"Nothing so crude," Aggie replied. "Justice, professor. That is all I require."
Except for the chairperson who hovered around, the room had now emptied. "I won't be a moment, Stephen," Fenwick said to the man. "My colleague and I wish to have a few words in private."
"As you wish professor," the man muttered, diverted his eyes from Aggie's resolute gaze and departed.
Aggie placed her briefcase on an adjacent table, unzipped it, extracted an old scientific journal and placed it in front of her adversary.
"This article, written in July 1992 about a new strain of genetically altered potato called strain 233.35 and later know as Red Giant, lead to your rapid rise to fame, professor."
"Yes it was," Fenwick retorted. "That Red Giant variety increased a farmer's yield by twenty five percent, was resistant to blight and has helped feed millions but I can see no reason for this conversation to continue."
"Then leave, Patricia," Aggie hissed. She emphasized the woman's forename.
The scientist, though, did not. Her chin jutted out and face became devoid of the little colour it had. "Shall we retreat to more private surroundings," she muttered instead. "I have my suite only three floors above us."
"Thank you." Aggie smiled for the first time. "There are other documents I wish to show you."
In the expensive up-market suite with it's own living quarters and balcony overlooking the beach, the atmosphere was anything but cordial.
"Hear me out," Aggie began. "At the end I shall tell you the reason for my, shall we say, visit."
"Go on." Professor Fenwick had gained some of her self-assurance as she sat in front of the large kidney shaped coffee table and folded her legs.
Doctor Angelina Sands-Bentley reached for her briefcase again and took out a tatty document. She placed it on the table and looked up. "My father's original paper, professor, signed and dated at the end and including the extra three pages entitled, Precautions in using the Beta strain over the Alpha strain." She pointed to faded handwriting in the margin. "A handwriting expert will swear on oath this is your writing, Patricia."
"How did you find this?" Fenwick eyes were wide in astonishment. The handwriting was still readable and said, Wonderful research, but commercial interests are only interested in beta strain so why worry about the last bit?'
"Oh, my father was not the dithery old fool you took him for, Patricia," Aggie continued. "You destroyed a facsimile, not the original. Shall I continue?"
Fenwick appeared grim but nodded.
"Because my father still had romantic feelings towards you, even after you stole his work, he did not file a complaint but instead withdrew all support for the project and later resigned from his position." Aggie stopped and fixed her eyes once again on her opponent. "Not that you cared. You got the recognition you wanted and left a heartbroken old man in your wake."
"It was not like that," argued the other woman. "I had genuine feelings for Harold."
"Oh yes!" Aggie retorted. "Enough to rip him out of a life's work and bled him dry emotionally…"
"He wanted to withhold the beta strain…"
"I know. The alpha strain would only increase yield ten percent but it could be reproduced. The beta strain could not. Any grower using the beta potato for seed found the new season's crop produced a low yield and two seasons later, nothing. Growers, therefore, always had to buy new seed potatoes from the original producer. This happened to be Alderfield Chemicals and Produce that made millions by selling the pure Red Giant beta strain every year to unsuspecting farmers. You own forty percent of the Alderfield shares, professor. It must be worth millions of dollars.”
"You know that, too?"
"Oh yes. My research has been thorough. All will be revealed in my paper to the conference tomorrow." Aggie walked to the balcony and gazed out at the rolling breakers. "A beautiful view," she added in a light-hearted fashion.
"And what is your price for silence!" Professor Patricia Fenwick whispered.
"Patience." Aggie said "First, further proof of your plagiarism. The Red Giant in your original paper was called Strain 233.35. That, you may not realize was my father's birth date; 23/3/35 written the British way with the day before the month, was another bit of inbuilt security Dad had. Even though he loved you Patricia, the scientist in him suspected his love was not reciprocated and he guessed he could not trust you. Included in this published article are several other hidden passages to prove its authorship." She stopped for a minute and swung around. "Yes, they prove that he wrote the original paper. I have taken the liberty of highlighting these phrases in your research article." She paused. "I'm sorry, my father's article."
A trembling hand with long manicured red fingernails reached out for the scientific journal and the professor read the five highlighted sections together with Angelina's crisp comments written beside them to explain the meaning of the codes.
"How is Harold?" Patricia finally asked. The haughty professor was gone to be replaced by a vulnerable middle-aged woman.
"Retired but getting on with life," Aggie responded.
"And he sent you here?"
"Oh no. He knows nothing of my visit. "
Patricia nodded and placed the journal on the table. "I did have feelings for your father Angelina," she said.
"Perhaps you did," Aggie conceded. "If that is true, my request will not be difficult for you,"
"What is it?" Professor Fenwick's voice turned hard.
"Alderfield Chemicals and Produce will release the alpha strain of Red Giant Potato onto the commercial market so growers can reseed their own crops. Call it gamma strain, if you wish. Also, within six months, an article will be published in a reputable scientific journal crediting my father with the discovery of this, so called, new strain.”
"And in exchange?"
"My paper presented to this conference tomorrow will make no mention of your indiscretions and all evidence will remain with my lawyer in New Zealand."
"This is blackmail but I'll see what I can do," Professor Patricia Fenwick sighed and stood up. "Give my regards to Harold and tell him his daughter has grown into a scheming little bitch."
"Possibly." Aggie beamed. "Perhaps two wrongs do make a right. Don't you agree?"
The woman glared at her, was about to retort but instead, stood, flattened her skirt, walked across the room and held the door open for her visitor to leave.
*
A few weeks later a surprised Harold received a letter from an American publisher stating his paper would be published in their forthcoming scientific journal and a check for the publishing rights was enclosed.
"What is this?" he spluttered and waved the document in front of Fiona.
"She'll explain everything."
Harold frowned. "I knew it," he muttered. "You and my daughter have been up to something ever since her Christmas visit."
"Have we?" Fiona laughed but would say no more.
*
Breakfast on the first Monday in February arrived with different emotions for the Berg family members. It was the first day of the new school year; Julie was due at Feilding High School at eleven in the morning and she had all her luggage ready the evening before. She never said a lot but was somewhat timid at the idea of leaving home, even if it was only during the week.
Kylena was fully prepared for her new school but was apprehensive about the children, the parents and the other two teachers under her care; Helen was excited, as she would be in the middle room with Mrs. O'Reilly. Being in Year 3 meant she was not a baby any longer. She was also determined to travel to her new school on the school bus that was due to arrive at eight fifteen, forty five minutes after Mommy's departure.
Fiona found the idea of having to look after Caroline without Kylena, quite daunting but covered her nervousness and assured her daughter-in-law, as she described her, everything was fine and, anyhow, John was on the farm if things went wrong.
"Sweetheart you look superb," John complimented as he looked up from his breakfast to see Julie walk in the room wearing her new school uniform.” It’s early. Though. We don't have to leave for ages yet."
"I wanted Kylena to see it before she went to school then I'll put my old clothes on again." The thirteen year old pouted and switched attention to her stepmother. "The skirt's too long, isn't it?" she asked.
"It's perfect, Julie, That’s the latest style." Kylena replied and winked at John. They had spent almost an hour the evening before getting it just right.
"I feel funny," Julie gulped. "Uniforms are so different."
"Sweetheart," John said. "There are over a thousand pupils at the school and, except for the seniors; they'll all be wearing a uniform. You'd be the one looking silly if you didn't have one."
"I never thought of that," admitted Julie.
*
There were a handful Year 9 girls being shown around and they all looked crisp, clean and nervous as Mrs. Anderson, the hostel manager, showed them their rooms. It was time for John, Fiona and the baby to depart. Julie had just hugged her father and grandmother when a tall man in a suit came up with a smile on his face.
"So you're Julie Berg," he said. "Welcome to Feilding High Julie. You know, we have three other American students here, a girl and two boys. Suzanne is a senior exchange student who is staying in this hostel. I'm sure Mrs. Anderson will introduce you to her later."
"Hello," Julie replied shyly. She didn't know what to say to the stranger so turned to the adults behind her. "This is Dad, Grandma and my baby sister, Caroline," she blushed. "She's only two months old. Mom is the principal at Matakaka Valley School and is at work."
The man smiled. "Yes, I heard of her appointment. You must be proud of her." He chatted away for a moment, excused himself with a "See you at school, Julie," and strolled away.
"Who was that guy?” Julie asked.
"Beats me," John shrugged. "Friendly, though."
Mrs. Anderson who had witnessed the exchange stepped forward with a smile. "That was Mr. Harvey, our principal," she explained.
"Oh my God," Julie gasped. “I didn't know."
Somehow that act of kindness by the principal made Julie feel confident and proud. "You know, Dad. I think I'm going to enjoy it here. See you, Friday." She gave everyone a final hug and watched as they climbed in the car.
"And I remember when she was Caroline's age," John said as they drove off. "Now she's a high school girl."
"And did you notice?" Fiona added, "She's taller than the other Year 9 girls at the hostel. Julie is quite a young lady now."
"Yes,” said John. "Time slips by far too quickly."
*
Across the Rangitikei River and along Junction Road, the morning was going well for the teachers and pupils. Kylena knew the trick with senior pupils was to keep them busy from the very first hour but she found there was nothing to worry about. Only Ken was left from the four obnoxious boys from the previous year and he couldn't be more cooperative. Melanie, who was one of a dozen Year 8 pupils in her class of twenty-one, knew her methods and, like Julie the year before, became a great help. Also, without younger children, Kylena was almost embarrassed with the spare time she had.
"Are we going to write any more fantasy stories, Mrs. Berg?" Ken asked when she walked by his desk as the children studied a questionnaire they had all been asked to fill in.
"Later in the term, Ken," she replied. "Did you like them?"
He nodded. "How about science fiction stories?"
"If you wish," Kylena added and grinned as Leanne, one of the senior girls who came from the old Matakaka School, screwed her nose up.
"Better than the sloppy stuff you write," retorted Ken.
"Okay," their teacher interrupted. "The reason for this questionnaire is to find out what you like. I plan to have discussion groups and you can decide on your own topics. If you are writing completely different things, I don't care."
"How about drama and poetry?" Leanne asked. She was a tall mature girl, similar in some ways to Julie.
"Why not?" Kylena replied and walked back up to the front of the room where she turned on the computer monitor to display a large flow chart. It was headed up 'Our Term's Work' and had various subjects listed above empty boxes.
"I found out what you all did at your three schools last year but want to know what our priorities are for this term. I have my list of suggestions but want to know what your ones are. Now if you will go into buzz groups and…" her voice continued on.
Melanie leaned over and dug her classmate in the arm. "I told you she was a cool teacher, didn't I, Leanne?"
The other girl nodded. “I thought I'd miss Miss Hampton and glad she's here teaching in the next room but I think Mrs. Berg will be pretty choice.”
"Yeah, better than old Brucey Boy." Ken chuckled.
"You three," Kylena's quiet voice came from the front. "We're waiting for you.”
The three grinned at each other and turned to study the flow chart.
*
In Room 2, Helen had been working frantically on her booklet for twenty minutes but when Diane Hampton walked over to study her pupil's work, the page was filled with a massive brown scribble.
"Oh, Helen," she said in a disappointed voice. "What happened to that beautiful house you drew on the page?"
The little girl glanced up at her new teacher as tears appeared in her eyes. "That was our old school, Miss Hampton. It got all covered up in a mudslide." She pointed to a little frankfurter like figure in the corner. "That's Mommy having our baby."
She moved her arm. Written in neat printing underneath was; The mud came and killed my teacher. Julie saved me and Mommy had a baby. "Don't you like it? I tried hard."
Diane smiled. "I do. That mud did cover everything, didn't it? And you know, your story is written so well and the spelling is all correct. I'm going to give you one of my stars."
Helen wiped the tears away with her forearm and broke into a broad grin. "Gee, thanks Miss Hampton. Can I go through and show Mommy?"
Diane was about to suggest Helen waited until lunchtime but saw the expectant eyes gazing up at her. "I'm sure your mummy would love to see it so go and show her. Come and get your star first, though."
Helen smiled, watched as the glossy blue star was stuck on her page and dashed out the front veranda along to the adjacent room. She ignored all the seniors, ran up and flapped her booklet under her stepmother's chin. "I got a star, Mommy," she called out so loudly her voice travelled right around the room. The older children glanced up and laughed affectionately at their teacher's daughter with the cute American accent.
Kylena read the story, studied the picture and realized the deep thought that went into the work. "That's wonderful, Sweetheart," she said. “No wonder Miss Hampton gave you a star."
"I'm going to show Daddy tonight," Helen replied and left the room as quickly as she came in.
Yes, the first morning at Matakaka Valley School was a success.
*
"Kylena," Courtney said when she came in the staffroom half way through lunch hour. "Will you please come out here? There's no trouble yet, but I think you’d better deal with it."
"What is it, Courtney?" Kylena had just sat down to start her packed lunch after speaking to a parent on the telephone, watching over a lunch time swim and cutting up some paper for an afternoon's art lesson.
"Brian Cheever has turned up and is a bit under the weather."
"Oh hell,” the principal gasped and followed Courtney out the door.
The man was standing by the tennis court with a group of pupils who attended the school the previous year, gathered around him. Conspicuous by his absence in the group, though, was Ken who walked up to Kylena from the opposite direction.
"He's drunk, Mrs. Berg," he said with antagonism in his voice. "I told him he shouldn't be here but the younger kids think he is being funny."
"Thanks, Ken. You did the right thing to leave him alone."
"Oh no!" came Bruce's voice as she strolled across the lawn. "Here comes the big boss, kids. I'm in trouble now."
Kylena stopped a few metres from the eight or so children around their previous principal. "You children will leave Mr. Cheever and go and play!" she directed in an authoritative voice.
The children, most of whom were from Helen's room, took one look at the expression on their principal's face and decided a quick retreat was the best move to make.
Bruce Cheever did look a little flushed but was, thankfully, no way near as drunk as that day in the holidays, so Kylena decided to try to be diplomatic. "Would you like to come and inspect the new alterations and have a cup of coffee, Bruce," she asked in a quiet voice.
The man frowned as if he was taken back by the approach. "No," he muttered. "Just thought I'd come and see the kids." He smiled in a half-hearted way. "You know, my wife got a senior teacher's job in Feilding."
"That's nice," Kylena replied.
"No it isn't," the man retorted. "The old bag has walked out on me. Said she was sick of my moods." He laughed. "But I know she's got a fancy man living with her, Dan McGill. Do you know the bastard?"
"No I don't," Kylena replied as she attempted to guide the man towards the administration block.
 "You should. Two of his kids are at the school. His wife, Mary had a fling with Chas Sullivan last year. Everyone's bloody swapping wives with everyone around here. Mark my word, young lady, watch that husband of yours with your new assistant, Diane. She goes to bed with anyone with money.”
"You're being crude," Kylena retorted. "This is a school ground. Please keep your voice down. Some of the children may be listening to you."
"Oh now it's Miss High and Mighty, is it?" He giggled. "Of course you landed on your feet. Got one of the biggest landowners in the district to impregnate you and forced him into marriage. Yank, too. That's a double bonus."
Kylena stopped mid stride and swung around. "That's it!" she growled with her voice like ice. "You will leave the property at once, Mr. Cheever. If you do not, I shall be forced to call my Board of Trustees."
"Okay, Kylena," Bruce muttered. "I guess I overstepped the mark. I'm leaving."
Escorted by both Kylena and Courtney, he walked to his car and accelerated away up Junction Road.
"Why is he heading that direction?" Courtney asked.
"I don't know or care," Kylena replied with anger still in her voice. "He's gone. That's all that's important." She caught her assistant's eyes and swallowed. "Sorry Courtney," she added. "Those nasty insinuations got to me."
"I heard most of it," the other teacher replied with a slight grin. “You showed great restraint. I would have slapped the bugger's face."
"Yes, didn't I?" Kylena's expression softened. “Come on. We'd better get that bell rung. One small hiccup on the first day isn't too bad, I guess."
Melanie, Leanne and Ken slipped in beside her on the walk back up the drive. "You showed him, Miss Delton…oops, I mean Mrs. Berg." Melanie laughed. "I've never seen a guy leave so quickly."
"What a creep!" Leanne added. "How did you put up with him last year, Ken?"
The Year 8 boy shrugged. "He was okay. Mind you we never did much work." He glanced at Kylena. "I'm glad you came here, Mrs. Berg. Dad said I'd better start working this year or I'll flunk at high school."
"That's good advice, Ken," Kylena replied. She was beginning to appreciate both Ken and Leanne and, of course, Melanie who was as loyal as ever.
*

CHAPTER 19
It had been one hell of a year for Bruce Cheever. He knew relationships with his wife, Janice had been on a wane for months but never expected her to up and walk out on him, especially after losing his principal's position. This would have never happened when he began teaching. It was a profession that was respected and teachers were protected with such things as priority rights to new positions when schools closed. He shook his head in self-pity and took his frustration out on the car as he accelerated, rather than braked, at the end of the seal. The car vibrated and rattled with clouds of gravel dust pouring in to the air but somehow, the drunken man maintained control and headed for the big saddle that separated Junction and Long Valley Roads.
He stared bleary eyed at the 'S' shaped bend ahead. Bugger! He was going the wrong way. Oh, what the hell. He'd keep going back out through the valley. It wasn't a lot further and by the time he found somewhere to turn it would actually take less time.
"Damn the woman," he muttered and wasn't quite sure whether he meant his wife or that toffee nosed bitch who had wormed her way into his school. "Damn all women!" He clarified his emotions and braked, far too severely on the top bend.
The back of the car swung out across the road with gravel flying everywhere. Bruce over compensated and avoided the inside cliff face by mere centimetres. With a lurch, the car's front wheel drive gripped the gravel and bounced over the top ridge and up to an intersection. Straight ahead, Top Ridge Road wound back along the high ground behind the Newson and Berg farms while, to the right, Long Valley Road descended into the valley it was named after.
"Oh what the hell," Bruce grunted and swung down towards the valley. He changed down and the motor screamed as the vehicle slowed but he managed to navigate another tight bend.
The man never appreciated it but the view of the valley below was as picturesque as a postcard with the bright green valley surrounded by steep wooded ranges and, in the far distance, the snow covered Mount Egmont and deep blue Tasman Sea. The closer Mount Ruapehu was out of sight behind his vehicle. Houses and farm buildings were dotted, matchbox size, along the valley with the one blemish in the idyllic scene being the scared hillside that had buried Long Valley Road School at the far end of the valley.
"Bloody slip," Bruce cursed. Even it helped stab him in the back. If it wasn't for the bloody avalanche, the other school there would still be open and that Berg woman wouldn't be in his position. He rubbed a hand over a two-day stubble.
"Yeah, Janice," he snorted. "You too, Kylena Berg. Just wait and see. Old Bruce Cheever may be down but he is not out."
He reached across the front seat, found the square shaped bottle and glared at the contents. Jesus, it was nearly all gone! Only a centimetre of the clear liquid sloshed around the bottom. Oh well! Might as well put the stuff out of its misery. He unscrewed the top and gulped in the fiery liquid, half of it missed the upturned lips and ran down his chin but a quick wipe with his jersey sleeve cleaned that up.
Oh shit! A truck was coming. He yanked the steering wheel to the left, hit the grass verge and bounced into the air, hit the road surface in a jaw shuddering crunch but managed to miss the oncoming vehicle.
"Same to you Buddy!" he screamed at the blaring horn and clenched fist shaking out the truck window.
He straightened his vehicle and accelerated away in a cloud of dust. It was two kilometres to the old school site and the temporary road across the avalanche face.
*
The truck driver stared in his rear vision mirror at the cloud of dust swaying in the distance. "The bastard will kill himself." Kelvin Newson cursed.
He slowed and stopped, considered his options for a moment and decided to turn and follow the car back. There was no hope of catching the guy but, with that driving, he wouldn't get far anyway. Once he caught up to the bugger, he'd give him a piece of his mind.
Road rage was the modern terminology for Kelvin's emotions but he was really just being his typical bad-tempered self. No bastard was going to drive like a maniac in his nick of the woods.
*
Bruce covered two kilometres in about ninety seconds. He ignored the orange danger sign before the road works and chuckled as the car bounced on the heavy gravel that had been carted in to help reconstruct the road across the slip face. To the left was the carved out hillside while the right dipped away with piles of earth and debris covering the old school.
"Bastard!" Bruce screamed yet again at nobody in particular and spun the steering wheel slightly so the rear end swung out to send gravel into the air. He grinned. This was fun.
He accelerated, wobbled the wheel and sent the vehicle into another sideways skid. Brakes screamed, wheels gripped and the car accelerated forward once more.
Bruce was about to try the manoeuvre once again when something caught his eye. Holly shit! A car was in front of him and it was travelling fast, too. In those few microseconds he could see it sort of float in the air as it bore down on him.
The man swerved but there was nowhere to go on that narrow one lane road. A scream of metal joined the agony he felt as the other car crumpled into his. The road disappeared and he could see the deep blue sky and smell gas fumes. His own shrieks of terror accompanied the explosion and were followed by … oblivion!
*
Kelvin could see and smell the black smoke and orange flames bellowing into the air before he even stopped his truck. He braked and was outside, with the motor still running and driver's door swinging ajar before the truck had even stopped. He ran along the road toward the crash site but stopped when he realized there was nothing he could do. On the road shoulder, two converging sets of tire marks in the gravel showed where the opposing vehicles had attempted to avoid each other. Both marks stopped at the top of the abyss as if the vehicles had struck before both toppled over the edge.
It was impossible to see anything through the wall of fire and rancid black smoke. Even on the road itself the heat was so intense Kelvin had to hold his hands to protect his face. The roar of the inferno was punctuated by human screams. He stood stupefied with revulsion as another violent explosion shook the air and fireball hissed vertically into the air. Black smoke engulfed him and he was heaved backwards by a rush of superheated air. He found himself, coughing and spluttering across the road in a small ditch while a roar of a thousand cannons sent his head reeling and his bloody hand came away from a gashed cheek.
The farmer staggered back across the road again and focused on the smoke. Yes, he could see the two vehicles crunched together like two sardines cans that some giant had stepped on. Nobody could have survived that carnage!
Kelvin realized it was futile trying to reach the vehicles so returned to the truck. He had recently purchased one of those new fangled mobile phones. He found it under a pile of papers behind the front seat and called the emergency number.
*
When the two school buses left Matakaka Valley School at three twenty, Helen decided to go return home on her bus.
"See you later, Mommy," she waved as she climbed in the tiny, van like, blue bus. The other pupils aboard all grinned and waved at their teachers. The first day of the term was over.
This bus carried most of the children who used to attend the Long Valley Road School and followed Ridge Road for two kilometres beyond the junction before turning back to descend into the valley. At the same time, the second larger bus went in the opposite direction to drop the Junction Road children off before heading further into the hills with Leanne and the old Matakaka School children.
"The novelty will wear off but, right now, I don't really mind Helen going on the bus. I can have an hour or so to do work without her pestering me," Kylena said to Diane as the pair turned to go back inside, "And how was your day?"
"Fine," Diane replied. She glanced up at the sound of a vehicle approaching. “Who’s this?" she asked. "All the kids have gone."
Kylena's eyes followed her companion's gaze. "It’s our neighbour. Kelvin Newson. He’s a bit of a grouch, you know what the Newson family’s like?' Diane nodded and Kylena continued talking. "Mind you, we get on okay now."
Kelvin screeched to a stop and stuck his head out the old vehicle's window. Something in his eyes made Kylena frown. It wasn't grouchiness or anger but more like compassion.
"Have the police contacted you, Kylena?" he asked in a gruff but quiet voice.
"No," she replied. Something was wrong. She knew it!
"The bastards," Kelvin grunted. "They should have."
"Why Kevin, what's wrong?"
"That stupid bugger, Bruce Cheever ploughed his car into another one on the avalanche in front of your farm. I was there seconds later but could do nothing." He wiped his sweating brow. "I'm sorry, Lass," he added tenderly.
Blood drained from Kylena's face. "Who was in the other car?"
"I couldn't get to it, you see," Kelvin muttered. "The cars just blew up. I did what I could."
"Who was it!" yelled the distraught woman.
"The police and rescue helicopter arrived. When I left to come here, the cops had just managed to get the second car examined." His eyes were wide in sympathy. "I heard the cop mention it was your husband. It must be John."
"My baby!" sobbed Kylena. "Did they mention my baby?"
"No, lass," Kelvin muttered. "Look, hope in. I'll take you back there."
"You go," Diane replied to Kylena's desperate pleading eyes. "I'll lock up the school and follow."
"Do you mind?" Kylena whispered. Her hands were shaking without control and her chest heaved.
Kelvin swung the vehicle around and after a quick, "I'll keep an eye on her, lass," to Diane, drove back up the road.
The teacher, who felt ill herself, rushed into the grounds and almost collided with Courtney coming out.
 "The police are on the phone and want to speak to Kylena. There's been an accident…" the new arrival spouted then saw Diane's drained face. “You heard?" she gasped.
Diane nodded. "It sounds bad. Kylena's gone with Kelvin Newson. I'd better talk to the police."
*
The journey up over the saddle was like hell incarnated. Kylena gripped the handhold above the door and stared straight ahead while Kevin drove in silence. At the top junction, the young woman gave an anguished gasp. Black smoke towered into the sky above the valley and, even as they watched, a ball of orange flames shot into the air.
"We'll get you there, Kylena," Kelvin muttered and cast an eye across at her. “It mightn't be as bad…" his voice trailed off. Words were useless now.
As they approached she saw a blue rescue helicopter parked on the only level land, the road itself. It was like the avalanche tragedy all over again.
"Mrs. Kylena Berg?" An unknown police sergeant opened the truck door after it skidded to a halt. 'We need you to identify the bodies.'” He saw her face and coughed. "If you'd rather we left it, we have a medical team here."
"No," the woman replied. “I’ll come, sergeant."
She walked up to the first helicopter to where two body bags lay on stretchers. A nurse in rescue gear glanced up. "Are you sure, Mrs. Berg?" she asked in a concerned voice after the sergeant had introduced the new arrival. "It's not a pleasant sight, I'm afraid."
"I'll be okay," Kylena's bottom lip trembled and her eyes were wide as she watched the woman unzipped the body bags.
The face was blackened but recognizable. It was Bruce Cheever.
When the second body bag was unzipped Kylena staggered and almost fell. She sobbed hysterically. Her mind attempted to cope with the latest information it had been feed. The dead man wasn't John! Her baby wasn't there either. Thank God! It wasn't John!
"Would you like to sit down, Kylena," the nurse said in an empathic voice and guided her to the opened door of the helicopter.
"No, I'm okay," Kylena muttered. "Yes, I can identify both bodies. The one on the left is Bruce Cheever and the second is Mic Werner, my first husband."
She glanced up the road where something caught her eye. She began to run up the road with her arms waving. Another vehicle had just appeared around the top corner. It was their Fairmont and she could see John driving. 
*
John recognized his wife running towards him, stopped the Fairmont and found her, kissing and crying, in his arms.
"John," she cried between the sobs, "I thought it was you. When they said my husband I thought it was you."
She clung on and frantically kissed his cheeks, lips and hair while he just held on.
"You're safe!" Kylena sobbed. She raised a tear-stained face and saw that Fiona had lifted Caroline from the backseat safety cot. "Oh God, my baby’s safe!"
She buried her head in he husband's chest and erupted back into shuddering tears. It took several moments and a tranquilizer injection from the doctor before Kylena, now in the back of their car with a blanket around her became coherent and could explain what happened.
"Damn Kelvin," John muttered after he heard the full episode of the events.
"No, he was as concerned as myself, my love," Kylena explained." He couldn't have been more helpful. It wasn't his fault." She sucked on her top lip. "It was nobody's fault. Who would expect Mic Werner to be here?"
"Nobody," John replied and held his wife close.
*
It was eleven fifteen the next morning when Melanie answered the knock on the classroom door, gazed almost indignantly at the uniformed policeman with a plain clothed man beside him and listened to their request.
"It is somewhat inconvenient," she said. "However, I shall check to see if Mrs. Berg is available to talk to you."
"That's telling you, Terry," the constable said to the detective when the girl left.
"Yes," replied Detective Sergeant Terry Craven. “In my day we would have been shit scared if cops turned up at the classroom door."
Melanie returned with a confident smile. "Mrs. Berg will be with you in a moment and invites you to wait in the staffroom." She nodded to an adjacent door. "Our office lady doesn't work on Tuesdays."
Five minutes later Kylena walked in, apologized for the delay and invited her guests to sit.
After introducing himself and Constable Peter Alexander, the detective continued. "First we came to apologize for the unnecessary stress you went through, yesterday, Mrs. Berg. We should have contacted you earlier. We would also like to explain why Mic Werner was in the area."
"Your apology is accepted, sergeant," Kylena replied. "It was just the country district hot line working on overtime, I guess." She frowned and sat down. "I must admit I am curious about Mic. The last I'd heard he was still in jail waiting for the trial."
"Oh he was," Craven almost snorted. "However, it is amazing what smart lawyers can do these days. Werner was released on bail three weeks back. There were restrictions, of course, but the events of yesterday proved he just ignored them."
"I see, so he was after me again?"
"Worse than that," the detective admitted. "We had him under surveillance since his release from remand prison and one of our informants reported Werner said he was out to get you once and for all. We found the burnt out remains of a shotgun in the hulk of his car. Forensic experts believe it was loaded when the car exploded."
"Oh shit!" Kylena gasped and Terry glanced across at Peter as if to say the teachers were different from his day, too.
"We believe Werner was heading here when the accident occurred."
"So he was about to attack me again?" Kylena gasped.
"He would not have got this far, though, Mrs. Berg," the detective stated in a quiet voice and broke into a soft smile.
"Why not?"
"Our informant rang us earlier and the armed offender's squad were being flown in by helicopter to set up a road block on Long Valley Road when the news of the accident came through."
"It was a bit close wasn't it sergeant?" Kylena asked.
The man frowned. "What do you mean, Mrs. Berg?"
"If Mic hadn't been in the accident with Bruce Cheever, he'd have been here fifteen minutes later. Hardly time for a road block to be set up, I'd say?"
"Possibly." the detective admitted. "We were about to call you and tell you of the situation but were confident we had time to intercept him."
"Okay." Kylena replied and stood up. 'I appreciate what you have done. It's a pity Bruce had to be killed because of this man, though.'
"Cheever was over twice the legal alcohol limit and shouldn't have been driving." Detective Craven replied. "He was not an innocent victim. Our initial findings show his car caused the accident."
"But a sad event never-the-less," Kylena replied. She shook the detective's hand who after a few courtesy remarks, left.
Kylena sighed and gazed out the window to where she could see Helen's class having a swimming lesson. It was a beautiful hot day and the rural view seemed so at peace with the world. Deep in thought, she returned to own room to find the children all engrossed in assignment work. They glanced up as she walked in and continued working.
"Trouble, Mrs. Berg?" Ken asked.
"No Ken," Kylena replied. "Everything is fine now."
*
Dawn had just arrived when the telephone jarred John awake. Even before his eyes were opened he grabbed the instrument and had it to his ear.
"John Bern speaking." His eyes blinked opened to see Kylena feeding Caroline.
"Daddy, are you all right?" It was Julie. "I just heard on the local radio news that two people were killed just outside our place."
"Yes, we're fine, Sweetheart. It didn't involve us." He flushed at the white lie, covered the mouthpiece and whispered "Julie," to Kylena's inquiring gaze.
"You could have rung me," Julie growled but there was obvious relief in her voice. “Is Kylena there?"
"Yes, she's feeding the baby."
"Grandma and Helen okay?"
"Yes, we're all fine, Sweetheart. And how about you?"
"No problem but call me if anything important happens, next time. I have to get to the showers before the rush. See you!" The phone went dead.
"Julie heard about the accident on the radio. I guess no names were given out and she was worried."
"Our big little girl," Kylena said. Her eyes fixed on her husband. "I love our family, John. Every single member of it."
"Even Bella?"
"Yes, even Bella and Ginger the cat." She laughed and moved Caroline slightly aside so she could reach up and kiss the hulk of a man beside her.
*

CHAPTER 20
"No Aggie," Harold retorted. "I do not want to address any science conference. I haven't been near a research laboratory for ten years. In science, that is like a dinosaur being asked to appear beside a genetically enhanced dairy cow."
"But Dad," his daughter argued. "That paper of yours was before its time and the strain of Red Giant you originally wanted marked is selling so well the shares of Alderfield Chemicals and Produce have almost doubled."
"Which puts it only about three generations behind current research." Harold gave a slow smile. "Anyway in the present climate I’d have to fight my way through all the protesters against genetic engineering. No Aggie, I do not want to go back and, anyhow, I have more important things to do."
"Like what?"
"Get married and buy a farm."
Doctor Angelina Sands-Bentley studied the elderly man who was her father and broke into a smile. "Oh Dad," she replied. “I’m thrilled."
"About the farm or getting married?"
"Farm! What farm?" The woman's eyebrows rose.
"Well, quarter a farm, actually." Harold grinned at his daughter's response. "That avalanche drove Kelvin Newson to the wall. He's selling up and retiring to town. His brother has bought most of his farm but Kelvin sold me the hundred acres or so at this end."
"A giant slip that nothing will grow on!" Aggie frowned. "What's the use of that, Dad?"
"Not much, but my purchase also included his house and two good quality paddocks that border John's property. Once I remove all the junk around, it will be a sound investment. I also intend to replant the slip in pine trees."
"And where did you get the money, Dad?"
"I sold the Alderfield Chemicals and Produce shares I had been given when they purchased the rights to the Alpha Strain from me. They won't stay up, you know."
Doctor Angelina Sands-Bentley grinned. "So it's been helpful to you after all, Dad? After all that arguing to get you to even accept them."
"Well, if you can't beat them, join them."
"And does Fiona know?"
"It was her idea," Harold replied. "She is one astute woman, Aggie." 
  *
Four weeks later in a special little gully beside three of the most rare trees in the world, Harold and Fiona exchanged marriage vowels. The tree daisies were in full bloom with the scented flowers adding to the tranquillity on the scene. The stream tumbled by and foliage was lush. Overhead, chirping fantails darted around to snap up insects from the air and cicadas competed with the frogs to serenade the bridal couple.
It was an exclusive wedding with the only newcomer being the young vicar officiating. Even baby Caroline had been lowered down in her carrycot and seemed to sense the importance of the occasion as she gurgled in her mother's and big sisters' arms and two dogs trotted excitedly around sniffing the undergrowth.
Afterwards, they all drove down to Little Oasis, as Fiona had renamed Kelvin Newson's old house, to a small reception. The house, a seventy year old character home, had already been repainted on the exterior and had had the kitchen renovated while the outside jungle of neglected trees and hedges had been trimmed, a new lawn sown and gardens in the process of being replanted.
"Do you like it Sweetheart?" Fiona asked Julie as they walked in the new open plan kitchen. There was a breakfast bar and the latest in sink top facilities, dishwasher, new refrigerator, deep freeze, extractor fans above a sink top stove, everything.
"Grandma," Julie gasped. “It’s wonderful and makes our one seem quite antiquated. Can I come and do some cooking here sometime?"
"That's the general idea, Sweetheart. This can be your second home," She smiled and led her granddaughter up the corridor and into a tiny bedroom. “This is for Caroline. After all, she'll be here everyday while Kylena is at work."
Julie and Helen, who had accompanied them, both gasped.
The wallpaper was covered in giant teddy bears and the room was filled with baby's gear.
"She will be as spoilt as her big sisters," Kylena interrupted
"Mommy!" retorted Helen. She glared at her stepmother with her hands on her hips. "We're a family. That's what you always say."
"And families do things for each other," added Julie.
*
Outside, John and Harold were examining the grounds.
"It's quite a change from when Kelvin was here," the younger man complimented as he gazed around the smooth brown soil that still had to grow into the lawn. "When I first saw the junk left here by Kelvin, I wondered if you had got a bargain, after all."
"Yes." Harold shrugged. “It had been neglected, that was all. The buildings are sound and the farm buildings in particular were kept functional. Kelvin even had a new water bore drilled only a few years back so there is an excellent water supply. In fact, it could be linked to yours to provide the top tanks with an extra supply."
"Only if you sign that partnership agreement," John replied.
Harold smiled and placed a hand on John's shoulder. "If you insist but it's not necessary, my friend. Through your children and Fiona we must be related, you know. How about a Family Trust instead?"
"For all the wives and daughters in our lives?"
"Something like that," Harold responded. There was a tiny twinkle in his eyes. "Agreed?"
"Why not?" John replied and gripped his companion's hand. 'I must admit those extra grazing fields you bought with this property will be a great benefit for our operation. We could…" He continued talking as they walked to examine the wool shed with Bella and Sissy in hot pursuit.
*
After an hour of attending to Caroline who had one of those baby rashes and diarrhoea, Kylena once more found herself awake. It was mid winter and a southerly gale was rattling on the windows while the temperature hovered around freezing. What was it that had awoken her? John was asleep and breathing softly beside her, the baby was asleep at last but she was sure something had disturbed her sleep.
She shrugged and turned over just as a sound caught her ears. Someone was sobbing. The only other person in the house was Helen so it must be her. Kylena grimaced, reached for her dressing gown, made her way along the hall to the little girl's room and switched the light on.
"What is it, Sweetheart? " she whispered.
The seven year old was sitting up in bed with tears streaming from her eyes.
"Nobody wants me, Mommy," Helen sobbed.
“Of course we want you, Sweetheart," Kylena replied. She sat on the bed and tucked an arm around her stepdaughter. "What made you think that?'"
"Everybody comes in and says, 'How's the baby?' and pick her up. You've got Caroline. Daddy's got you. Grandma's got Harold and Julie's got friends at high school. I've got nobody."
"Oh Sweetheart," Kylena replied. "Yes you have. You have everyone. We all love you."
The youngster looked up. "Even Grandma just talks to Caroline and tells me to hush up when I try to tell her everything I've done at school. You're too busy and Daddy is too."
Kylena frowned. Diane had told her Helen's work had gone downhill and there had been a few little incidences with other children at school. With the baby to look after, it was easy to ignore Helen. She was usually a happy confident girl who just fitted in. Obviously, though, she had taken things to heart.
"Well, we'd better do something about this, hadn't we?" she said.
"What, Mommy?" Helen sniffed
Kylena sat in the dull light for a second thinking. "I know," she said. "I'm pretty worn out. What say just you and me have a day off school and go down to Palmerston North. Just the two of us! Daddy's pretty busy on the farm, Grandma can look after Caroline as usual and we'll do all the things you like."
"But you've got school, Mommy." Wide eyes stared across the bed.
"Yes, but I have not had a day off this year. I think I'll have one tomorrow so there'll be just us doing things. How does that sound?"
"Can I go for a swim in the indoor pool?"
"Why not?"
 Kylena nodded. 'How about the movies, too? They have ten thirty sessions and I know of two movies on you might like?"
"And you'll do that just for me?"
"That's right?"
"I'd like that Mommy," Helen sniffed and cuddled back into bed.
*
The weather was terrible but Kylena and Helen did everything promised. They swam, watched a movie, ate hamburgers and visited the Science Centre. Helen's eyes shone as they drove out of town at three fifteen and onto Feilding. Just as hundreds of school children poured into the streets Kylena drove up to the hostel and found Julie having an afternoon drink.
"Kylena, a what are you doing here?" Julie shouted. "Hi Helen. How are you?"
"We've been to Palmy," Helen boasted. "I went to the movies and Mommy even came swimming with me."
"Did you?" Julie smiled. "Aren't you lucky?" She glanced around at the five other girls in the kitchen. "This is Mom and my little sister, Helen," she introduced.
"Hi Helen." The girls all smiled and a moment later one of the other girls took Helen off to examine the bedrooms.
When she had gone, Julie frowned. "What's wrong, Kylena and where's the baby?"
"At home with your grandmother and nothing's wrong. Poor Helen just felt neglected so I decided to have a day off work and spend it with her. I think she misses you at home."
Julie nodded. "You know, I miss her at times, too. I never thought I would."
"Can you tell her that," Kylena answered. "She was so down hearted last night."
"Sure Mom," Julie replied. “I’ll go and find her. Come on. I'll show you my room." She stood and grinned. "I even manage to keep it tidy."
They were about to walk up the corridor when a dark haired girl about seventeen walked into the room.
"Hello Mrs. Berg, I'm Suzanne," an American voice said. 'I'm the American Exchange Student. I heard Julie's little sister's voice and it made me think of home. My brother is about her age."
"Hi Suzanne," Kylena replied. "I guess you don't hear many American voices."
"Only Julie's … all the time," the girl replied and laughed at the snort her younger schoolmate made. "Not that I mind. I like it here but everything is so different, it's sure great to have someone from home around."
Kylena sensed there was one other homesick girl at the hostel but before she could say any more, Helen came rushing back tugging on Julie's arm. The youngster began chatting to everybody about nothing in particular but everything in general.
Kylena smiled. The day had been a success for both herself and the seven- year-old who needed a little reassuring that she was appreciated in their family.
"See you Friday," Helen waved as they retreated to the car.
"Mom," Julie poked her head in the car window. "Can Suzanne come home with me one weekend? I know she's a senior but I think she'd like our place."
"Sure, Julie, anytime," Kylena replied.
*
After a week's heavy rain, Top Oasis was saturated and the Land Rover stuck on the top plateau with mud almost up to its hubcaps. John peered in the driver's window with water pouring off his hat onto an unturned collar.
"I knew we shouldn't have come up here, today," he muttered at Kylena behind the wheel.
"I know my dear but you know Harold. He wanted to check out the tree daisies and it was lucky we did."
"Sure," John replied. "If that small slip wasn't cleared, the stream could have backed up and flooded the whole gully." He broke into a grin. "But now we need more manpower back here to try to push the Rover out."
Kylena glanced around the interior at an apprehensive Helen in the back seat and the more pragmatic Julie sitting beside her.
"There's only woman power in here, my sweet," she grinned,
"I'll drive while you help Dad and Harold push," Julie cut in.
Kylena looked doubtful but John nodded. "Okay but leave it in low and if we get traction, just keep her going. Don't stop until you reach the gravel patch back on the track. Once there, stop and wait for us. Okay!"
"Sure Dad."
"What about me?" Helen piped up.
"Sit beside Julie and make sure your seat belt is on," John directed. "You can tell her when she reaches the gravel."
"And don't bump me," big sister ordered. “You dogs hush up, too or go out in the rain." She glowered in the rear vision mirror at Bella and Sissy barking in the rear. Even the dogs were hesitant about going out into the storm.
After giving a few more instructions to his daughter, John joined Kylena and the pair sloshed in the mud to the rear of the vehicle. Harold glanced up and wiped a hand across his face. The gaunt look he had when they had first met had gone; he'd put on weight and his tanned face made him look a decade younger than his years.
"You push, lass, while we try to lift," he shouted above the roar of the motor and rain.
Kylena nodded and couldn't help smiling. Both men were saturated and splattered in mud while she could barely move her own feet in the slosh but she felt relaxed and contented.
John caught her expression and grinned. "What is it?" he asked.
"I was just thinking," she replied. "Look at us, soaked to the skin and wallowing in stinking mud but I couldn't be more happy."
John reached across, wrapped a wet arm around and squeezed her tight. "I know," he said in a soft voice. Their eyes and lips met in an expression of love.
"Okay, Julie!" John yelled when they were ready. “Get going!"
*
With her tongue sticking out between her lips in concentration, the teenager gripped the wheel and let out the clutch. Four wheels spun, diesel smoke poured from the exhaust, the engine growled and mud spattered up in a high arch over the vehicle.
At the rear the two men lifted while Kylena pushed. The Land Rover slithered to the side and sent a streak of muddy water right into her face. She spluttered but continued to push the vehicle but with no result. John banged the window again, Julie shoved the clutch in and the old vehicle sank back down in the sludge.
"Almost," Harold muttered. He walked forward to inspect where he had placed sacks in front of the wheels. Two had been crunched into a ball but the other pair were under the tyres. He wedged a fence post across in front of the rear wheels and grunted in satisfaction.
"This should work," he added and glanced up at Julie's white face. "Just keep her going this time, lass. Nice and steady, like. Not too many revs."
Once more the three adults lifted and heaved, Helen shouted instructions about how close the gravel was while Julie gripped the steering wheel and stared out through the windshield wipers. Her feet operated the clutch and accelerator and the half engaged engine roared.
The Land Rover shuddered, the sacks disappeared into the sludge but the wheels gripped and propelled everyone forward. It slithered and slid for five metres with the young driver holding the steering wheel with white knuckles and an apprehensive expression on her face.
The four wheels skidded again; mud still splattered everywhere but the Land Rover moved forward onto the gravel, jerked and stalled. But they were clear. Julie smiled as her father opened the door and congratulated her.
"I helped, too," Helen shouted.
"You sure did, Sweetheart,” John laughed. “You were both marvellous."
"Can I drive home down the track, Dad?" a cheeky Julie asked.
"You cannot," her father replied.
Julie laughed and slid across the passenger's seat beside her sister while Harold and Kylena tumbled into the rear.
"My God, I'm wet," Kylena grunted. "I reckon I'll never get clean for a week." She swished a muddy hand over her face to remove hair plastered over of her eyes. "I hope Grandma's got Caroline fed and the kettle on."
"She will." Harold replied. "I know her."
John chuckled and started the Land Rover. With three muddy adults, a teenager, seven year old and two wet dogs crowded in the interior the windows steamed up. They were, though, mobile and heading down the farm track home.
 He felt a soft hand grip his shoulder and smiled as a faint whiff of his wife's damp hair reached his nose. So much had happened in the eighteen months since his family's arrival at Top Oasis, a new wife, baby, two growing daughters he was proud of and a recluse who had become a friend married his mother-in-law. There had been troubles and tragedies but they had come through it with strength to face the challengers of the future.
He sighed. Yes, it was had been a busy time, a whole new life but one he would not swap with anyone.
"I bags the first shower," he proclaimed.
"No," Kylena’s voice whispered in his ear just before warm lips kissed him. "We'll have one together."
The End

Visit Ross Richdale's home page at http://www.rossrichdale.com
