
Out of Texas 4
Josie and the Alley Cat
By James Hold

Copyright 2014 James Roy Hold
Smashwords Edition, License Notes: 
This ebook is the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com where they can discover more works by this author. 
Thank you for your support.

The following text is a revised and improved version of Part Two of REMEMBER THE ALOE, MOE, originally published by iUniverse, Inc, 2007, ISBN 978-0-595-44124-2.
This is a work of fiction and any resemblance to actual people is purely coincidental. The opinions expressed herein do not necessarily represent those of the author. All song references are intended to honor the artists who wrote and performed them.

CONTENTS
Strawberry Feels Forever 
Vengeance Is Mein 
Embarrass the Wind 

"Jacob was angry and took Laban to task. 
'What is my crime?' he asked. 
'How have I wronged you...?' "
Genesis 31:36

Our story thus far:
The gaunt-faced grappler, a shape-shifting cat turned human, enters a tournament to crown a new Texas wrestling champion, hoping news of his success will reach the ears of the Filipino Princess for whom he pines. Unknown to him, however, the revitalized Viking Mummy from Outer Space, an extraterrestrial mosquito-like creature, turns up in the form of Josie, a pesky girl with designs of her own...

STRAWBERRY FEELS FOREVER
Introduction:
"Never satisfied are the eyes of man."
Proverbs 27:20
1. I Can't Keep From Crying Sometimes
A very wise man, or maybe it was Steve Allen, once described comedy as tragedy plus time. And it's hard to argue with that, especially since he's not around anymore. Still, some things remain tragic no matter how long ago they happened and the ramifications are felt by everyone. Or as Groucho Marx put it, "Time wounds all heels."
2. Not A Second Time
Back in the early days of television they had a show where Mr Peabody and his boy Sherman would journey back in time to witness important historical events. It was quite educational, as is usually the case with television, and a person could learn a lot from it. It would have been even nicer had they gone back to when bad ideas originated and put a stop to them before they caught on. Better yet, let Larry, Moe, and Curly do it. True, the Three Stooges made an excellent time travel movie of their own in which they met Hercules (and from which J-man learned to apply a top wrist-lock). But it featured Joe DeRita so technically it wasn't a real Three Stooges film. Still, imagine Larry, Moe, and Curly, armed with an endless supply of cream pies, popping up at pivotal points in history. For instance, the invention of the necktie:

Medieval Man (sitting at the dinner table): "You know if I went around with a dinner napkin knotted around my neck, it could catch on as a snobby fashion statement."
Suddenly-Poof!-the Stooges smack him in the face with a coconut cream pie.
Pow!
Splat!
Medieval Man (dripping): "On second thought..."
Curly: "Woo woo woo woo woo!"

It could even have a Biblical theme to satisfy the fundamentalists. For instance: Let not the strong man glory in his strength (Jeremiah 9:22), since any schoolchild can tell you the Stooges stood in opposition to the powerful and materialistic. Imagine then, a scene at an office:

Clerk: "Here's the document you wanted, sir."
Boss: "You know, I think I'd like three copies."
Poof!
Moe: "Oh, a wise guy."
Pow!
Curly: "Nyuk nyuk nyuk!"
Clerk: "Sir?"
Boss (covered in meringue): "Never mind. The one will do."
Clerk (licking finger): "Mmm, lemon."

You must admit, it has possibilities. And you could placate the high-brows by stressing the authenticity of the dates and tossing in a new recipe now and then. Only why bother? The Stooges have all passed beyond the bounds of time; while physicists say that sort of thing isn't possible. Perhaps it's just as well; it wouldn't be the same if anyone else did it. Although there was the guy who said music is the best form of time travel; which explains why oldies stations play the same forty songs over and over.
What a shame no one had a pie.

Part One:
"An attentive ear is the wise man's joy."
Sirach 3:28
3. Time Has Come Today
Tick-tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock.
The old man lowered the volume as the Chambers Brothers song ended and went back to gazing out the courthouse window. Downtown Houston was suitably lifeless on Good Friday, even the squirrels and grackles taking the day off. The only thing he'd seen all day was a cat dash into the bushes.
"Excuse me," said a soft drawl.
The man turned to his service window. "Hey, sonny," he greeted the small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes. "How can I help you?"
"Pickin' up a package fer Jon Raas."
"I know him. Writing some kind of book, ain't he?"
"Yes, sir. A defective twelve-volume hist'ry of pro rasslin'."
"Tell you what," the old man let J into his cubicle, "watch the place while I fetch it."
"Whut if someone comes?"
"I wouldn't worry," the old man chuckled. "Nothing but dusty ghosts in these corridors. But if anyone does, just answer their questions best you can." And with that the old man disappeared into the back room.

J-man perched atop the stool and looked into the long empty hallway. 
From the hidden shadows of time, it filled with people, all hungry for information. 
A butch looking woman wanted to open a lesbian bar. "Okay," J told her, "but yer gonna need a liquor license." After which she decked him. "I said liquor," he called after her. "L-I-Q-U-O-R!"
He readjusted his glasses and crawled back onto the stool as the next person walked up. "I want to publish my novel. I've been working on it for six years."
J said, "Okay," and took a look: The cowboy jumped on his horse and said, Gidday-up. Gidday-up. Gidday-up. Gidday-up... "Hey, this is just five hunnert pages of gidday-up's."
The writer shrugged. "Is it my fault it's a stubborn horse?"
"Next!"
"I have a tax question. Are birth control pills deductible?"
"Only if they don't work. Next! Yes, Colonel?"
"Ah need uh buildin' permit. Ahm puttin' in three swimmun' pools."
"Why would ya want three pools?"
"Well, suh, they's one pool fuh people who want hot water and one fuh them what likes cold."
"And th' third?"
"It's fuh people who don't care tuh swim."
"Next! Guy in th' tuxedo."
"Hi. I need a permit for my magic show."
"Oh? Whut's yer specialty?"
"I saw a woman in half. Learned it when I was a kid."
"Who'd ya practice on?"
"My half-sister."
"Next! Yes, child?"
"Sir, what's a millennium?"
"It's like a centennial, only with more legs. Next?"
"Hey, I know you. You're that wrestler."
"Surprised to see me watchin' this window?"
"Not really; I've seen you wrestle. Anyhow I need a racing form."
"Sorry. We don't give out racin' forms."
"But you have a whole stack of them right there."
"We only keep those in case a horse drops by. Next! Yes, professor?"
"I'm an archaeologist and just unearthed the skeleton of a knight eight feet tall."
"Well, they say th' knights were longer back then. Yes?"
A horse dropped in. "I'd like a racing form, please. I'm betting on myself in the fifth."
"I don't believe it!"
"You don't believe a horse can talk?"
"I don't believe ya kin win. Next. Yes, ma'am, what kin I do fer ya?"
"I want to file for a divorce."
"Gosh, ma'am. Why?"
"My husband's the silent type. The first year of marriage he only said two words to me, and the next thing you know we had twins. The next year he spoke three words and I had triplets. This year he's spoken four times and I just had quadruplets. I don't know what to do."
"Calm down, Tammy. Ya don't need a D-I-V-O-R-C-E. Just tell him to point next time."

Finally the old man returned with a large bulky envelope. J leaned forward on the stool, looking at the empty hallway. "Where'd everyone go?" he wondered.
"Where'd who go?" The old man eyed him suspiciously. "What have you been doing?"
J shrugged. "Not much." He looked down the hall again. "Just talked to m'self."
The old man moved cautiously. "Was it an interesting exchange?"
"Nah. I ain't much fer conversation."
The cubicle felt crowded as beads of sweat ran down the old man's forehead. "Well, uh, there's your package so if you don't mind I'm just going to open the door cos I know you must be busy and want to be on your way."
"Yer sure no one ever comes here?"
"Times like this I wish they did," the man sing-songed. "Well, you have a nice day." Quick, say something nice. "Oh, uh, by the way, nice shirt."

J-man heaved a pathetic sigh. It didn't matter the vestibule was empty; he still cringed in embarrassment at his reflection on the marble wall. He pressed his head against the surface, feeling its coolness. The man from the cubicle, on his way out, began to say something but thought better of it and made a hasty exit.
The shirt was a merchandising gimmick Josie dreamed up for Sunday's fight with Bull Roberts. She'd been showing up at all of his matches and some people considered them an item. J didn't see it that way. To him she was more of an unwanted groupie-not that she carried things to the extent of some ring rats he heard about-and he was too nice to tell her to get lost.
As for the tournament itself, J had fared better than expected. He'd won his second round match with Ozzie Vegas-some say due to Josie's interference, which was largely a matter of opinion-and he managed to eke out victories on the road and cement his reputation as a rudo. Not that he consciously pursued the image of a bad guy. Take the other night where, following his patented million dollar kneelift, he scored the pin using a rolling reverse cradle. Somehow they got tangled up in the corner and people accused him of holding onto the ropes for extra leverage-something which, again, was largely a matter of opinion.
The drawback to this was each victory made Gordon Paul hate him all the more, and the runty rudo was exhausted from constant bookings that gave him scant time to recuperate. It didn't help he was the smallest guy in the STW promotion and opponents took every opportunity to beat the crap out of him.
A second problem was Gordon booked not only "J-man" but also "El 7" on his shows, and J often found himself wrestling twice on the same card. He'd tried without success to ditch the El 7 gimmick, only fans liked the little enmascarado blanco so Gordon continued using him. Fortunately Josie appeared indifferent to the gaunt-faced grappler's masked alter ego.
Anyhow, what Jo had done was take J's t-shirts and press the painted sole of his sneaker against the fabric, saying it represented a flying dropkick. J felt it looked like something out of an old comedy routine where a guy gets trampled and his clothes covered with footprints. Besides, the dropkick was hardly a trademark move. That would be his kneelift finisher; only it would have looked even stupider to market a shirt with knee-prints on it. Or she could've used the "j" hand signal he'd made up, only that'd involve him dipping his hand in paint. It all wound up a moot point when they couldn't agree upon a slogan, she wanting to go with "J-ism" and he vowing to go bare-chested before wearing a shirt with that on it! So now he was stuck wearing painted shirts while the bottom of his sneaker sported a rainbow of colored inks. Or as Willie Chambers might have put it, "My sole has been psychedelicized."
4. Shades Of Time
Leaving the courthouse, J made his way to the downtown library. It was an old building where empty hallways gave way to dusty reading rooms. The day was late so there wasn't much of a crowd as the gaunt-faced grappler asked the ancient librarian, "Kin ya tell me where yer self-help section is?"
"I could," she replied, "but it would defeat the purpose."
Everything was old here, even the jokes.
He turned to go. "Nice shirt," she called after him.
"Thanks."
Searching the maze of rooms, he spotted the roly-poly form of Jon Raas at one of the tables, busily reading a book. J sat next to him, waiting a few minutes before reaching over and tapping him on the arm.
"Sorry," Raas looked up. "Didn't see you there. Nice shirt."
"Thanks. Whut're ya readin'?"
"Biography of a famous track star, Laps of Memory. You get my package?"
J handed him the envelope. "Whut's up?"
Raas looked concerned. "It's Justin Time."
"I got here fast as I could."
"No-no-no. I mean Justin Time, the manager." He was referring to the polyester-clad sleezeball who managed the STW tag-team champions, the Time Machine. His men had competed in the singles tournament but both had been eliminated in the second round.
"George and Herbert are but the current members of a long running unit. The team itself goes way back; sort of like the farmer who says, 'I've owned this ax for thirty years,' even though he replaced the handle four times and the blade twice. But then a lot of people forget there were six Three Stooges. Heck, take yourself for instance-"
The roly-poly Okie stopped abruptly, realizing he was off-ramping.
The gaunt-faced grappler looked at Raas in his steady unblinking fashion; his pointy-faced features placid and devoid of expression. "Whut about me?" J asked politely.
"I only meant-" The mention of six Stooges reminded Raas of the "six clones" theory from the runty rudo's earlier days; a theory he'd since abandoned, convincing himself there were but two. He just wasn't sure how to tell them apart.
"Yes?" J prompted.
"Did I mention that's a nice shirt? Does it come in any other colors?"
The gaunt-faced grappler nodded, "Yeah," and looked down at the sole of his sneaker, the colors ironically numbering seven. 
5. Time Is On My Side
The library chairs were large, built for Texans. J sat with one knee hugged to his chest and the other leg tucked under him; not the best etiquette, but it kept his feet from dangling off the floor. He removed his cap and set it beside him. Raas took a sheaf of papers from the envelope and arranged them in neat little piles, all the while humming "People Get Ready" and grinning broadly. (Something which, the more J thought about it, just didn't look right on a man.) They began with small talk about the Asian loser-leaves-town exploding napalm barbed-wire guillotine firing-squad with whipped cream and a cherry death match from the last show.
"Yes," said Raas, "you got to hand it to the Japanese," and J agreed it was them all over.
It was time to get down to business. "It's funny," Raas started vaguely. "Since you arrived on the scene I had to rethink my position on what I once took for granted. Still Texas remains a land of mystery and, within its Great Wall, large enough to accommodate any number of outré occurrences."
He paused as J nodded in agreement.
"Justin Time's been asking about you. I think he wants to recruit you into his stable."
The gaunt-faced grappler shook his head, completely uninterested.
"Did you know he's been seeing your girlfriend?"
"She's not my girlfriend."
"Always get this weird feeling around her," Raas continued absently, "like something out of a-"
Catching the look on J's face, Raas left the sentence unfinished. 
"Sorry," he apologized, "I realize I'm milking this, but it's just I've uncovered something. I mean, people think I'm an idiot for wanting to be a wrestling historian."
"That's not why they think that," J assured him.
"What?"
"Uh, I mean-So whut'd ya discover?"
6. Happenings Ten Years Time Ago
Raas continued, slightly less enthusiastically.
"How much do you know about Justin Time?"
J shook his head. "Only that he's been around forever."
As far back as anyone could recall Justin Time had been managing tag-teams. He was a fixture, like ring posts and turnbuckles, yet there was something undeniably creepy about the guy. Even Gordon couldn't stand him. Yet his fighters were stubbornly loyal and obeyed him like robots. Raas recalled how surprised he'd been when Herbert, once a crowd favorite, turned heel to join the Time Machine, never offering a word why. It was because Justin Time had been around so long that Raas devoted a chapter of his book to him. Only what he'd uncovered was positively unnerving. 
He handed J a photo.
"Who would you say that is?"
J held the photo to his face. It looked like Time in his younger days.
Raas shook his head.
"That's Jim Trumpet, a sports photographer who disappeared ten years ago. It was also ten years ago Justin Time suffered an auto accident and had his face bandaged for months. When the bandages came off nobody remembered what he looked like anymore."
"Ya think this Trumpet guy's impersonatin' Time?"
Raas shook his head, "Just let me go on," and began laying out photo clippings from old newspapers and wrestling magazines, all captioned as being Justin Time. "Note how the face changes." Below these he laid more shots from the same era. Some J recognized, others he didn't. But in every case where a photo of Justin Time lined up with the one below it, the match was perfect. In other words, the earlier photo would be of a wrestler or ring personality while the later photo, of the same person, was labeled as Justin Time.
"Now," said Raas triumphantly, "I admit the further back you go the sketchier it gets. We don't have much prior to 1905, which is one reason I've been compiling my definitive twelve-volume history of professional wrestling. I also admit I can't provide a match for every photo. Still it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see there's a pattern here."
"That's true," said a nerdy-looking eavesdropper at the next table. His companions bobbed in agreement, pointing to their NASA pen-pouches and tapping them for emphasis.
"Do you mind?" Raas admonished, "this is private," and turned to J for his response.
"Gee, Raas," the gaunt-faced grappler spoke hesitantly, "granted, it's interestin', but... Couldn't they simply be mislabeled?"
"Then how do you account for the length they encompass?" Raas asked. "From what I've shown you Justin Time must be over two hundred years old."
J shrugged. "It's family-ya know, sons 'n heirs-carryin' on th' tradition. Rasslin's like a soap opera: th' faces change but th' names remain th' same."
The nerds at the NASA table nodded among themselves and applauded J's argument. Raas gave them a dirty look until, finally, the ancient librarian told them to leave.
"Whut I mean is how d'ya know it's th' same guy?"
Raas was clearly dejected. "I'm clearly dejected," he sulked. "I felt this would appeal to your innate Texas sense of antiquity, yet you treat me like"-he folded his arms and moped-"like a relative newcomer to the business."
"Yer lucky. I ain't got no relatives in th' business."
"Fine," Raas pouted; "If it's proof you want, then proof you'll get!" And, taking government documents from the courthouse envelope, he spread them on the table. "I may not have photos, but I do have handwriting samples going back to 1836. Notice how all possesses the same distinctive orthography?"
"Yep," J conceded. "An' they sorta look alike too."
"Also note there are no marriage licenses, so there goes any heirs."
J shrugged. "Heir today, gone tomorrow."
"So: same name, same signature, different face. Now tell me I'm crazy."
J lowered his eyes uncomfortably.
"At least as far as Time is concerned."
Still the gaunt-faced grappler hesitated.
"I swear, what does it take to convince you?" Raas took a long breath, reminding himself to be patient. After all, the kid had taken a lot of shots to the head lately. He gathered his thoughts and tried again. "Okay," he spoke slowly, "let's recap."
J nodded, reached for his baseball hat, and put it back on.
That did it. Turning seven shades of red, Raas took the book he'd been reading and ripped it to pieces. "That's"-he tore it in half-"not"-he tore it again-"what"-again-"I"-and again-"meant!" Then he snatched the cap off J's head and dumped the confetti into it. The ancient librarian looked in, allowed herself the briefest of smiles, and returned to her desk.
"Actually," J spoke tentatively, "I think I get th' picture."
7. Talkin' Bout The Good Times
The question now became how does he do it? "Indeed!" Raas, calmer now, channeled legendary announcer Gordon Solie. "How does he do it?" Then, leaning across the table, he asked in a hushed whisper, "You know any Lovecraft?"
"No," J confided in an equally lowered voice: "I'm savin' m'self fer marriage."
Raas smacked himself on the forehead. "I mean HP Lovecraft,1 the author!" He rubbed his head gingerly. "Saving myself for marriage."
"It's not like I never hadda chance," J said defensively.
"Fine," Raas sighed, "so you've no firsthand experience with sex-"
The gaunt-faced grappler peeked down at his palm.
"-but can we get on with it? Lovecraft mentions a forbidden book of evil incantations."
"Oh, that Lovecraft. Didn't he write Th' Nose-less Horror?"
"It was The Noiseless Horror."
"Hmm. No wonder it didn't make any sense."
"Anyway, getting back to the book-"
"I wuz kiddin' about bein' a virgin."
"Lovecraft wrote fiction. However, it turns out there exists such a book, here in our own state."
"Not that there's anythin' wrong with bein' one...assumin' I wuz."
"It's the Text Arcana, compiled by Texas oilman, Sheik Yermani Makir."
"See, th' reason sex outside of marriage is wrong is because God hasn't blessed it."
"People say the Sheik was a crackpot and he died in an asylum. They asked his wife if she thought he was mad and she said, Well, he wasn't exactly thrilled about it."
"If ya love God it stands to reason ya'd wanna follow his commandments. Like it sez in 1st John: His commandments are not burdensome."
"Maybe the original Justin Time got hold of this book-"
"People miss th' point of th' Incarnation that way."
"-and discovered a way to transfer his life-force into the body of another person."
"God came here as a man to show it is possible to live by th' rules."
"And he'd have to repeat the process as the bodies got old or injured. Or in Trumpet's case maybe, being a photographer, the guy stumbled onto Time's secret."
"After all, Sirach 15 sez: If ya choose ya kin keep th' commandments."
"Do you mind? Here I'm talking about good and evil and you're giving me a Bible lesson!"
8. Time Of The Season
J picked at a loose thread on his sock and it began to unravel. He always wore white socks, as did Jerry Lewis and Curly Howard. Curly's real name was also Jerry; for what that's worth. 
"Ya ever read th' Sheik's book?"
A cloud passed over Raas' face. Yes, he admitted, he'd attempted reading it, but couldn't. "There's something within those pages that makes a man feel...uncomfortable."
"Ya mean he really wuz evil 'n satanic?"
"I mean the guy really was a crackpot. No wonder they locked him up."
"Ah, yes," J made with a dramatic sigh, "the lure of long lost lore lies languid of late."
Raas stared at him. "You're doing voices again."
"That wuz Ronald Coleman," J explained.
"It sounded like Tennessee Tuxedo."
"Close enough." He had a large pile of string now. "Whut's next?"
"Show Gordon; see what he thinks. I just want you to be careful, okay?"
J nodded. "Ya know, Raas, I may be trustin' but I ain't stupid." Still he appreciated the gesture. Other than Raas no one else cared much for him. "Thanks."
"Consider it a gift," said Raas presently.
The bony bantam battler's brow formed a brief M. Mystery touches every aspect of one's life. This was Good Friday, recalling how the entire Christian faith was based on one very profound mystery. To be a Texan is to know both awe and mystery. To be a wrestler is to live it. All one can do is accept it when the time comes. And as he quietly crossed himself, he looked up to see the ancient librarian standing before him.
"Yes, journeyman," her words invaded his thoughts, "today is Good Friday, but do not let yourself be blind to its meaning." She was old and thin with fine unlined skin drawn tightly over delicate bones, and her soft white hair floated like a cloud of silver. She carried herself with grace and dignity, and he could tell at one time she must have been very beautiful. "It marks the day when the forces of evil made their most concentrated attack on the power of good. It was evil's last chance to undo God's plan for the redemption of mankind, and as the Son of Man hung on his cross, they threw everything they had at him to prevent him from doing his Father's will. It was only when he died-with the words of undying faith upon his lips, Father, into Thy hands I commend My spirit-that evil knew it had been defeated." She spoke softly, her words carried on a gentle breeze before settling easy on the conscience. "No, journeyman, Good Friday is not a celebration; it is foremost a trial and finally a promise. But the triumph came two days later on Easter Sunday." She seemed a part of the place, as much as the dust and scattered sunlight, and J wondered if she had an outside existence. "But never think evil accepts defeat graciously. The powers unleashed that day still fester, and gather to commemorate the day they came closest to winning. It is a day to beware and not be foolish, for it remains a day when anything can happen." Then she drifted away, old, thin, and moving like a ghost.

They sat in silence, contemplating the dust motes dancing in vagrant shafts of sunlight. The same dust motes would be dancing a thousand years from now whether anyone was there to observe them or not.
"It's getting dark," Raas said naively, and shoveled his papers into a shopping bag. The bag also contained some jigsaw puzzles, doubtless for Gordon. "I'm concerned about your friend also. There's no evidence Time ever harmed women, but you never know. If he does have a way of exerting control on people-Well, she's rather small, and cute in her own way."
"Ya think so?" J asked, never having thought of Josie as cute. "Maybe I'll skip over 'n pay them a visit after church."
"By the way, are you still in the hospitality ministry?'
"Not since a fat lady asked, Is Mass out? an' I told her, No, but yer hat's crooked."
9. Once In A Lifetime
J stayed behind after Raas left, tracing imaginary circles on the tabletop with one hand. Actually he was praying, holding his rosary beneath the table as he fingered the beads. It's what he usually did when he didn't know what else to do. The problem was he didn't believe what Raas said about Justin Time. Yes, the guy was a sleazy creep, but it didn't make him a monster; and while Raas' evidence was compelling, it just wasn't convincing. Still it wouldn't hurt to look in-just to make sure Josie was okay.
The ancient librarian coughed, signaling it was closing time. He paused before her desk, puzzled by what Raas said about not finding any marriage licenses. I've only been alone for a few months, he thought, sighing at the thought of his missing princess. How d'ya go centuries without love 'n remain human?
"Kin I ask ya a question?" The ancient librarian nodded and he stood for a moment, twisting his hat in his hands. "Have ya ever known real love?"
She smiled wistfully. "When I was young I had four sweethearts."
"Really? All tolled?"
"Only one. The other three were gentlemen." There was laughter in her eyes. "Good luck Sunday," she called to him as he left.
10. No Time Like The Right Time
J paused outside the building. Something didn't feel right. The air turned cool and his arm began to ache, meaning it was going to rain. He twitched his good ear from side to side, catching a commotion in the rear parking lot, and dashed around the corner. 
Raas had been fixing a flat when the Time Machine attacked, Herbert applying a full nelson while George worked him over. J caught George by the collar and rammed his face against the trunk of the car. Herbert pushed Raas aside. J grabbed the tire iron lying on the ground, smacked Herbert in the stomach, and then kabonged him over the head. (He was tempted to slip the tool through the drawstring of Herbert's sweatpants and spin it like a propeller, only that'd be a bit much.) 
A bloody George snuck up from behind, swinging a fist. The wily runt snatched a hubcap and George clanged his fist against it. As the would-be attacker shook his hand in pain, J tossed him the hubcap. The burly goon instinctively caught it and as he did, J dropkicked it into his face. George sank unconscious, the wheel marks tattooed on his kisser.
"Well," said the gaunt-faced grappler, "I guess he's spoken for."
Raas got to his feet. "What, no kneelift?"
"Didn't wanna get my trousers messy. Y'okay?"
"Yeah," Raas winced, "I'm okay." He may have been pudgy but he was tough-Okie law requiring all males to play high-school football2-and it would take more than a couple of Yankee foreigners to take him out. "That flat tire proves I'm onto something."
J eyed the damage. "Sorry about gittin' blood all over yer car."
Raas surveyed the unconscious thugs, knowing Gordon would boot them out of STW for this. Now they'd have another title vacancy. 
"Maybe you and El 7 should consider-"
"I don't think so."

Brief Interlude:
"He burned incense in the Valley of Hinnom,
and his children in the fire."
2 Chronicles 28:3
11. No Time Left For You
J-man stopped by the coliseum to shower and change. He was standing in his BVDs when the phone rang. Grabbing his trousers, he went to pick up the receiver. The phone was on a metal desk by the outer wall. J sat on the edge of the desk and said, "Hello?" A voice at the other end said, "Good-bye," and seconds later, the room exploded.

Part Two:
"For what is a man to give in exchange for his life?"
Mark 8:37
12. Too Much Time On My Hands
Gordon Paul and Jon Raas watched as fire-fighters sifted the debris. The night sky carried a heavy scent of rain, yet the dusty odor of smoke lingered. Damage to the coliseum, though intense, was localized. "Whoever did it knew what he was doing," the fire inspector noted. "This area's nearly totaled, but the rest of the structure's intact."
"Thank goodness," Gordon sighed in relief, knowing it'd be impossible to find another venue for Sunday's event.
"Anybody you know who'd want to do this?"
Gordon Paul grunted. "Get the phone book and start at A."
"Was anyone inside?" Raas asked, hesitantly.
"I'm afraid there was," the inspector nodded. "We tracked a trail of blood to a metal desk overturned against the side of the wall. It's like someone used it for a lean-to shelter."
"So whoever it was could still be okay?"
The inspector gave a noncommittal shrug. "He'd have to have acted fast, but yeah, it could've shielded him from the blast. Course there'd be considerable concussion-"
"You haven't much hope," Raas finished.
"We'll keep looking but, honestly, whoever it was could be wandering dazed or passed out-maybe even fallen into the bayou; he'd be pretty traumatized."
"What's going on?" Gordon demanded irritably. "I didn't authorize anything tonight."
"We did find this," the inspector handed Raas a tattered shirt with a shoe imprint and a broken pair of glasses. "Nice shirt," he added.
One look and Gordon blew his cork. "Don't tell me that runt was in there!"
"For God's sake," Raas yelled back. "Have a heart! We're talking about a human being!"
The STW owner's eyes went wide. "Are we?" He pointed as the grimy form of the gaunt-faced grappler staggered out of the darkness; a clean shirt in one hand while the other, bound in a bandana, appeared swollen. 
He stopped before Gordon, squinting up at him. "Sorry about th' mess," he apologized numbly; "just dropped by to change my shirt," and walked off.
"Get back here!" Gordon yelled after him, then turned his frustration on Raas. "First Time's goons attack you and now someone blows up the coliseum with that runt inside. Now what the hell's going on?"
Raas shoved the tattered t-shirt into the promoter's hand, "Aw, go do your puzzles;" and stormed to his car.
Embarrassed silence followed as the fire inspector also walked away. "But I only want to know what's going on," Gordon told himself as he walked to his car. "After all, it is my company." Seeing he still had J's t-shirt, he stopped to hold it to a street lamp. "You know," he said reluctantly, "it really is a nice shirt."
13. Sweet Child In Time
No one was standing by the street lamp across from Justin Time's house. For one thing there was no street lamp and, for another, it had begun to rain hard. Had there been anyone beneath this imaginary street lamp, he would have seen a scraggly cat with glowing eyes dart across the puddled lawn. And had he remained, he'd have observed a small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes mount the steps and knock on Time's door.
J-man didn't care for Justin Time. He couldn't say why; he just didn't. Nor did it seem as though Time cared for other people either, preferring isolated places like this one along an undeveloped section of the San Jacinto river. It was a simple house showing signs of age and neglect. Faint sounds stirred within as J knocked again. There was a tangible creepiness to the place, and not much light. The rain didn't help. He moved his hand to rub the insect bite on his neck, and as he did:
"Who is it?" Josie called from the other side of the door.
Better disguise m'voice, thought J. "Courier," he said deeply. "Message fer ya."
"Who did he say?" asked a second voice.
"I'm not sure," Josie replied. "It sounded like Huckleberry Hound."
"It's s'posed to be Gary Cooper!"
"J?" She flung open the door and threw her arms around him. "He said you were dead!"
J looked her in the eye: a pale, tiny girl with a look of constant hunger; her vivid black hair like the iridescent wing of an insect. It suggested something more at home in the wilds of nature than the company of men. And J felt strangely itchy in her presence. "I got better," he said flatly, and just as quickly the itching subsided.
14. Time Won't Let Me
Maybe it was head trauma, but somehow Jo looked younger every time he saw her.
"You don't think I had anything to do with that explosion?" she asked, as though fighting to get the words out. "Just because I'm at Time's house?"
"Why would I think that?"
She didn't answer.
"How about introducin' me to our host?"
Without a word, she led him down a dirty corridor toward the kitchen area. The place reeked of mildew and the rain served to clamp down the rotting stench. Josie walked stiffly ahead of him. There was something different about her, her large eyes lackluster and her manner listless. It was also the first time he'd ever seen her in a dress. It made her look fragile; and despite her smallness he'd never thought of her that way before.
Justin Time sat at the kitchen table, preparing a fruit salad. There was a cutting board and knife and bowls containing apples, peaches, and strawberries. Apparently he had an affinity for fruits and vegetables. 
J squinted in the dull light. "Justin Time?"
The sleezeball looked up. "Well, well," he sized his visitor, "if it isn't the J'd Warrior;" finding it hard to believe this soaked and scrawny runt had beaten both his men. "I was thinking you'd never get here."
J took a seat opposite Time and, feigning confidence, helped himself to a strawberry. "Th' J'd War'yer," he repeated, glancing at Jo sitting knock-kneed in the corner. "How cum ya never thought of that?"
She didn't respond. Foul seeping rainwater darkened the wall at her back, yet she appeared oblivious to it. 
Time went on. "Nice shirt; but it needs a slogan." He closed his eyes. "How about: Get J'd!? And redo the shoe imprint; make one edge darker so it resembles a J."
"Ya takin' this down, Jo?"
Still she didn't say anything, continuing to stare straight ahead, hands in her lap, while ignoring a large wood roach inches from her shoulder.
"I don't know why yer bein' so helpful," J commented, "considerin' ya tried to kill me." He was fighting hard to stay calm, which wasn't easy as the roach was now crawling down the front of Jo's dress.
"Don't worry about the zombie," Time told him. "She was just bait to lure you here."
J gave Time the once-over. "Ya do sorta look like a master baiter."
"Please," Time shook his head disapprovingly, "spare me the witticisms. Better yet, just to show you I mean business..."
Something like a semi-transparent fist sprang from Time's forehead, shot across the room and struck Jo in the face. She let out a small whimper and fell to the floor. Immediately J leaped to his feet, "Ya lousy-" and reached for the nearest thing-a bowl of strawberries-to hurl at the sleezeball. Instead he found himself unable to move, his outstretched fingers just touching the bowl.
"Wow, I didn't think you cared. Surely you could do better."
J would've shrugged but couldn't. He could talk though.
"Maybe I appreciate that she's shorter than me."
Time leaned across the table, looked J in the face, and the gaunt-faced grappler felt a force press on him. Invisible hands held him in place as strange thoughts invaded his head and suggestions bordering the obscene pricked at his consciousness. A vein on Time's temple stood out, sweat beading his forehead. Finally Time eased up, allowing J to relax. He still couldn't move, but at least his thoughts were his own.
"I don't understand," Time regarded him, clearly puzzled. "I've never met such a fiercely independent will as you appear to possess."
"Must be my innate Texas resistance to change," J managed.
Time shrugged his shoulders. "Seems I won't be able to control you as I did Herbert and George. That's too bad. For you, I mean." Time rested his palms on the table and J felt the restraining force ease a bit. Time noticed it too and reapplied it. "It's not easy holding someone this way. That's why I had to knock your girlfriend out." Time darted a glance to the prone girl on the dirty kitchen floor, shrugging indifferently before going on. "It's fairly simple, given the right kind of mind, to invade the will and leave it open to suggestion. It's how I control my men. Those saps are going to wake up in jail with all the knowledge of what they did but without a clue as to why." He paused to wipe an imaginary tear, chuckled, and then got serious again. "You know what kind of men go to Heaven? Dead ones." He leaned back and put his hands behind his head. "Still there are nights I dream I've died and gone to Heaven."
"Then whut? Th' heat wake ya?"
Time's eyes narrowed and J felt a brain-jolt that made his eyes water. "That's to remind you who's in charge. So," he relaxed again, "I guess you want to hear my story."
"Not really."
"But you must! It'll appeal to your innate Texas sense of antiquity, as Raas put it. Yeah, I had him bugged. And I did some phone wiring too. It's amazing the skills you pick up over the years if you live long enough. So, how should I begin?"
15. Time Passages
It was the tale of a soldier on the battlefield of San Jacinto, April 21, 1836-a straggler in Sam Houston's army who found himself facing a Mexican bayonet; how he was backed against a tree, begging for life; and how, in a desperate surge of concentration, he found himself inside the Mexican's body, staring at the empty-eyed creature that had been himself-a creature that gave a convulsive jerk and then lay still. Explanation he had none, although there were tales of an area of land tainted by the fall of a meteor centuries earlier and people who shunned it for reasons unknown.
"Sounds like Lovecraft," J commented.
"I wouldn't know," Time confessed. "I never get involved with women."
Despite his dazed condition he knew he couldn't remain in a Mexican uniform, not with a rout in progress. So he took to the bushes, keeping out of sight until he came to a farmhouse several miles removed from the battle. Here he felt stronger, as though something had beckoned and he'd merely responded to its call. The owner of the house came out, wielding a pitchfork at the enemy trespasser. Without a hint of conscience, the soldier forced his being into that of the farmer. Watching with new eyes the Mexican soldier fall dead to the ground, a cold smile crossed his face. Here indeed was power-and immortality: to transfer one's spirit into the body of another.
"Whut happens to th' spirit that gits shoved out?"
"I don't know."
"And th' body ya vacated?"
"It dies in a nervous spasm; not that I really care."
From personal papers inside the house, he learned the owner was Justin Time, a reclusive bachelor; and thus few noticed the change. Nor did others question his continued existence as the seasons came and went.
"Just you 'n yer incestral home."
"That's ancestral."
Later, and with much practice, he found he could bend certain men to his will; and later still he stumbled on wrestling as a way to profit from it. As the passage of years and the wear and tear of biology dictated, he'd take in some wandering stranger and effect the change, leaving documents transferring his estate to this new heir and distant namesake. There he stayed, ever changing, yet ever the same, the only constant being this small parcel of land and this old house.
"This timeless edifice, this still stately ruin, this-"
"August derelict?" J offered.
"Now I know I'll be doing the world a favor."
16. The Last Time
Outside Time's hovel curtains of slashing rain tore at the trees and vegetation, ripping away leaves and branches. Inside Time's hovel a storm of equal intensity raged in blue anger behind a pair of unblinking eyes. 
"All right, Time, let's cut to th' chase. Why take my body? Why not Gordon or Raas?"
"Gordon Paul!" Time snorted. "That bilious grouch? He'd complain if you hanged him with a new rope. As for Raas, if his IQ were any lower you'd have to water him. No, I need something with potential."
"Ya think I got potential?"
"No; but I need a new host body and I haven't much...time."
"Rats! Fer a minute there I almost warmed up to ya."
Justin Time settled back in his chair, a look of triumph on his face.
"Thankfully," J went on, "I wouldn't warm up to a scumbag like you if we wuz cremated together."
"Eh?" Time straightened.
"See, when ya git right down to it, yer a selfish murderin' coward who chanced on a way of prolongin' his miserable existence."
"Careful now," Time scowled darkly.
"A greedy parasite afraid to face th' fact of his own mortality."
"Why you-"
"An' th' only mystery is that it took someone like Raas to figure it out."
Things would have gone better for the J'd Warrior had he not said that. He realized it when Time's face went seven shades of purple. The parasitic sleezeball tore into him, attacking with blast after blast of mental fireworks until the bony battler screamed in agony; after which Time laughed and blasted him some more. 
Time ceased his immobilizing grip, but it did the hapless half-pint little good as shockwaves of pain rendered him powerless. J was left sagging on his elbows, one outstretched hand touching the bowl of strawberries, as dripping beads of sweat pooled on the old wooden tabletop. Time could have taken him then had he'd wished. Instead he reapplied his cerebral shackles so he might gloat some more.
"You high-minded morality types make me sick," he spat in J's face, "preaching about greed while doggedly pursuing a championship belt like it was the Holy Grail! Yet you pass judgment on me for wanting to exist. If all I'm doing is prolonging my existence, then tell me what the purpose of life is except to exist?" 
Justin Time sat down, calmer now, but with the fire of insanity still sparking his eyes. 
"Time is the eternal villain, changing playful kittens into lazy cats and cute girls into cranky old women. It turns dreams into deadwood, desire into heartache, and hope into ashes. It's all I can do, to go ever forward, never stopping or looking back. And if you don't like it then blame your God who made me."
J said nothing. Had Time stumped him by questioning his convictions? Or was he just pondering the use of the word doggedly? Ultimately, questions didn't matter-only existence. And so it was with a look of infinite disgust the aged assassin pronounced J's death sentence, saying, "Oh hell, let's get it over with." 
Once again Time eased his immobilizing grip so he might send his malignant image forth. It began like a ghost image on a TV with bad reception, then collected itself before his face and slowly crossed the distance of the table. Really things went faster than that, but for J-man and Justin Time it was a moment frozen in memory, the struggle between good and evil playing out like some Texas death-match, where scoring a fall brought but a moment's rest and the battle continued until one of them couldn't go on. J shook his head from side to side, rediscovering his mobility. Time's image crept forward, now inches away, as J's outstretched fingers closed upon the lip of the bowl. Then it was no longer a standstill, events rushing together all at once. Time's image shot forward like a flash of lightning while, in a move more of instinct than reason, J lifted the strawberry bowl and held it in front of him.
The image entered the bowl.
And the gaunt-faced grappler collapsed to the floor.
17. Time In A Bottle
A steady bass beat throbbed in the background as a cowbell marked a precise tick-tock rhythm and endless waves of echoing voices overlapped each other.
"J?" A small still voice summoned him out of eternity
"Courier," he mumbled from some tattered fragment of consciousness; "message fer ya." 
"J, wake up!"
He opened his eyes and there was Josie, stroking his forehead. 
"Are ya sure it's me?" he asked.
She pushed him away and he thudded to the floor. "You would make a sick joke like that."
The kitchen was a mess, chopped fruit fragments everywhere. Justin Time slumped in his chair, a trickle of drool staining his shirtfront.
"How'd you do it?" Jo asked, unsure exactly what happened.
"I dunno," J replied, still clutching the empty fruit bowl. "Maybe it wuz a case of mind over platter."
Josie ignored the remark, concentrating instead on brushing smushed roach innards from her dress. "What about him?" Her unlifted eyes indicated Time's corpse.
J shook his head-it hurt something fierce-then dropped to the floor, crawling on all fours. "Ya wanna help? Make it look like we wuzn't here."
As Josie got down to help, it dawned on J she looked sort of cute in her short skirt. "Did you believe any of what he said?" she asked.
J shrugged. "Evil always has an excuse."
"I mean about assuming peoples bodies and living forever."
"Oh that." He'd been neatly gathering the scattered fruit into separate bowls; bowls which Josie took and dumped into a single large one. "I guess stranger things have hap'ned."
She nodded thoughtfully, pinching her nose at the stench from Time's rapidly rotting remains. "Any autopsy will say he was an old coot who died from a seizure."
They were done. J got to his feet, having scooped up the last of the strawberries.
"Anyway," Jo concluded, "for Justin Time, his days of power and glory are over."
J wondered. "I s'pose yer right," he reflected, dumping the strangely tingling strawberries into the larger bowl with the rest of the fruit. "Then again, it could be his salad days are just beginnin'."
___________________
1 HP Lovecraft, as any schoolchild knows, was an overrated Yankee hack who wrote hair-brained tales about eerie beings on the outer edge of our existence. It is the opinion of most Texans that he wasn't fit to change Robert E Howard's typewriter ribbon.
2 Okie males unable to play football were put in charge of the cheerleading team, their main duty being to watch that the girls didn't stray too far as they grazed.

VENGEANCE IS MEIN
"I am fearfully and wonderfully made... When I was woven together in the depths of the earth, your eyes saw my unformed body."
Psalm 139: 14-16
Foreword:
Take It As It Comes
Evil is by nature fearful and superstitious; therefore it boasts. And thus boasting it succumbs, not to the power of good, but to its own inherent weakness. The premise of evil is a lie that must be compounded to be maintained, until it collapses of its own weight. Hence its downfall, though not immediate, is inevitable. This then is the true power of good: that good need exert so little to flourish, while evil must give all, and still fail.

Prologue:
Break On Through
J-man and Josie were struggling in the bushes outside her dorm.
"Oh-my-gosh! J, it's so hard!"
"This ain't gonna work Jo."
"Yes it will. Just push."
"I'm tellin' ya it's too tight."
"No-no, there it goes. Ooh yes! Yes!"
"Not so loud! Here, put yer leg up."
"Whoa! This is fantastic! Oh, give it to me!"
J handed up her shoes and crawled in after her.
"Wow," Josie flushed, "I thought we'd never get that window opened;" then pointed to the small refrigerator in the corner. "Hungry? I have some salad."
He would have preferred aspirin and bandages but said, "Thanks," and made a couple of sandwiches. "This tuna ain't bad," he complimented. "Ya make it yerself?"
She sniffed her sandwich and set it down. "I'm not hungry," she replied. "You can have mine." They listened in silence, neither occupying much space as the radio played "Love Me Two Times." She rubbed her hands, wishing he'd love her even once. 
"J?"
"Yeah, Jo?"
She touched his hand. "You know...if you wanted to..." She paused, staring deep into his eyes. Whatever she was searching for wasn't there. "But you wouldn't."
He looked away, a foreign body blocking his view. It wasn't like he was beyond temptation, just she didn't make him think of bluebonnets. Still it did get hard sometimes.
"Could you at least give me a hug?"
She held on for a long time. "Friends?" he asked, gently touching her hair.
"Yeah, sure," she replied, as he crawled out the window. She remained sitting, eyes dry, listening to the darkness: Easter Saturday, 2 AM, and very much alone.
A cat appeared from nowhere. A perfectly ordinary one. "Hey, Freebird," Jo greeted as it hopped to the ledge. "Hungry? Okay, only you'll have to settle for milk."
The cat meowed its approval.
"Someone ate your cat food."

Part One:
Strange Days
It was scarcely sunrise and Gordon Paul was already at his desk in the STW office, working on another jigsaw puzzle. He hadn't intended to start a new one; it was just, following the news of Justin Time's demise, he felt a need to get his mind elsewhere for a while. So he piled his desk stuff-blotter, calendar, telephone, etc, on the shelf behind him. He wasn't sure where he'd put this new puzzle as the walls and ceiling were covered with the things. Still his doctor prescribed them as a form of relaxation therapy and he had to admit to their calming effect. Taking a break to rub his tired eyes, he looked to the window and saw a not-so-ordinary cat perched on the sill. "Strange days have found us, yes sir." The cat cocked its head in silent agreement. "I'm only telling you this because you're the only one who hasn't given me any trouble." The cat had earlier helped him find some of the harder pieces. "In fact," Gordon leaned closer, "just between you and me-"
Whatever confidence Gordon meant to share was cut short as Jon Raas walked in. "Hey Gordon." Raas greeted him with a smile. "What's wrong? You look like you haven't a friend in the world."
"It's worse than that, Raas. I've got you."
Raas hadn't expected to find the boss in, generally arriving before Gordon to straighten up the place. The cheap laminate he used on his puzzles wasn't working as pieces kept falling off and Raas had to reattach them with scotch tape.
"You're late today," Gordon added.
"The trouble with being punctual," Raas addressed the cat in the window, "is no one's around to appreciate it." He turned back to Gordon, "I see we have another title vacancy," referring to yesterday's arrest of the Time Machine.
Gordon's only response was a guttural Gnnn sound.
"I guess this means another tournament," Raas continued.
"Gnrrr."
"Which you'll want to begin as soon as possible."
"Grrrawh!"
Raas looked at the cat. "Three more questions and he'll do the Godzilla growl."
"And if I do," Gordon shot back, "you can damn sure bet I'll be breathing fire with it," prompting the cat to retreat to the safety of the alley.
Raas shook his head, pointing out technically Godzilla doesn't breathe fire. "It's an atomic heat ray he generates by..." His voice trailed off, seeing Gordon look like his dorsal fins were about to flare up. "Are you still steamed about last night?"
"I'm steamed about everything," Gordon admitted. 
The way he said it was almost enough to make one feel sorry for him; and Raas took pleasure in it, braver now he was enjoying outside success down at the racetrack. There, apart from getting to see a horse's front for a change, he'd discovered a knack for picking winners-which meant no longer having to kowtow to Gordon's every grumbling. 
"Here's something'll cheer you up; arrived yesterday."
Gordon cringed, "Not another runt theory," wondering why every crackpot felt a need to send letters to his office. 
"Now, Gordon; you must admit they raise some interesting questions."
"The biggest being how people in the loony bin get stamps and envelopes."
"Actually this was messengered." Raas went serious. "I wonder if-"
"If whut?" a third voice intruded.
It was J-man, standing in the entryway, looking like he hadn't slept in a month. He'd stopped at the corner store for a large drink on his way over. Setting the soda on the shelf behind Gordon, he poked at the puzzle pieces on the desk, only for Gordon to shoo him aside. Just then the phone rang. Gordon reached back without looking. "Quiet now," he told them, "I'm expecting a call from Japan," and missing the phone, grabbed J's beverage cup and upended the contents over himself.
"Gordon!" J started. "Yer gettin' th' puzzle wet."
"The puzzle!" Gordon exploded. "What about the rest of me?" There followed a stream of gasping and choking, interspersed with bits of profanity.
Raas jumped in, "Easy, Gordon, remember your blood pressure," and went to the drawer for his pills.
"Give me something to wash it down."
"I'd offer ya my soda if ya hadn't spilt it."
What Gordon said next was largely unprintable. It included comments about J's ancestry-none of which conformed to the prevailing theories-as well as his personal hygiene, dietary habits, and sexual proclivities, and ended with several choice words concerning his pesky girlfriend meddling in his matches.
J shrugged, "She's not my girlfriend," and turned to go.
"Wait!" yelled Gordon.
J turned back.
Gordon stared at the floor a moment. "I want to ask you a favor."
"Me?" asked J.
"Him?" Raas sat down in disbelief. "You want to ask him a favor?"
"Hush, Raas, this is serious."
"Oh-my-god," Raas' hands went to his face. "It's a replicant! A pod person! The real Gordon would have told me to shut up." He leaped to his feet and clutched his boss by the lapels. "What have you done with him, you fiend?"
"Dammit, Raas," Gordon freed himself, "get the hell out of here." He also made a mental note to talk with KBFD about those stupid science fiction movies they were airing following the STW broadcasts.

Raas left, Gordon talked, and J listened.
"One thing I've always admired about you is you're a good listener."
"Huh?"
"I said you're a good-" Gordon gripped the wooden desk, leaving deep imprints on the surface, then tried again. Calmly and with great effort, he told him about happenings in a little community outside of Boerne, Texas-you may have read about it in the paper-involving increased tornado activity and the death of a factory worker named Cal DeSac. No, J hadn't; although he did read about the riot at the city jail where the inmates complained about lousy food before breaking down the wall with an overcooked sausage. That and the fight at the Reincarnation Society where members were cited for Sybil unrest. Gordon assured him it was none of those. Anyhow, it so happened Cal DeSac's sister, Helen, was a college classmate of Mrs Paul and he would consider it a personal favor if J-man used his mystery solving skills to see what he could uncover. Oh no, you've plenty of time to make it back for tomorrow's event. True he hadn't been himself lately, but you can understand how something like that can weigh on one's mind. You will? Great! Like I said, don't worry about the match; everything will work out fine.

When the gaunt-faced grappler quitted Gordon's office, he saw Raas with his feet propped on the desk and reading a book. "Whut ya readin'?" J asked, unable to make out the title without his glasses. It didn't help the roly-poly Okie was holding it upside down.
"The Collected Short Stories of Ambrose Bierce," Raas told him. He was breathing hard for someone reading a book, almost as though he'd sprinted to get to his desk.
"Oh?" said J. "Who's it by?"
Raas looked at the cover, began to answer "Ambro-" and then noticed he was holding the book wrong.
"Ya always read topsy-turvy?" 
"Well, you never know when a tornado might strike."
Raas set the book aside and asked J how his head was. 
J replied it was better. "Still git headaches; but its okay."
Raas nodded. "Perhaps it'd be best if you took some time off." The gaunt-faced grappler gave him a puzzled look but Raas' only response was a conspiratorial wink. Despite rumors of multiple J-men roaming the city, Raas was convinced there were only two. He'd even learned to tell them apart-namely, one had bad eyes and the other wore glasses. "By the way, how's your girlfriend?"
"She's not-" J closed his eyes and gave up. "Gotta aspirin I kin borrow?"
"Here, take two." 
Raas held out a hand and the runty rudo came over to take them. It was like gazing into the eyes of a skeleton. J popped the pills into his mouth, swallowing them dry. "Ya know Raas, I can't help but feel Gordon's up to sumthin'."
"How's that?"
"I dunno." J's furrowed brow took on a faint M shape. "I'm worried if he keeps helpin' me win matches people will think there's a fix on."
Raas rubbed his chin. "Somehow I don't think that's what he's planning." He recalled a PBS program about feral cats on the Galapagos Islands that had escaped the sailing ships where they'd served as mascots and returned to the wild. The cats were skeletal in their leanness, yet what flesh did cover their bones spoke of strength and ferocity which belied their lack of size. Still, even feral creatures had limits and Raas could see the kid was sorely in need of a break. "Try and get some rest between now and tomorrow," he told him. "I wouldn't want you breaking the Seventh Commandment."
J counted on his fingers. "Adultery?" he asked, puzzled.
"No," Raas shook his head, "stealing. Fans are paying to see a good match and to show up in anything less than top form would be to rob them of your best effort."
J shrugged-like he didn't have enough to think about-and with a wave good-bye, headed to the window. Raas half expected him to hop to the sill, only the gaunt-faced grappler checked himself and with an "Oh, wait," turned and went out the door. 

Raas watched him leave, then went to the window. "Ah yes," he breathed, "the sounds of spring."
Boing!
Boing!
Boing!
It'd been that way ever since they built the mattress factory next door. The morning air had grown noticeably warm, the transit of last night's storm now history, and the rising sun boded a typical Texas scorcher. In fact, the governor had commissioned a team of sculptors to fit Huntsville's statue of Sam Houston with a pair of Bermuda shorts. 
Raas turned his attention to the cats in the alleyway. Their numbers had multiplied, crowding the fence and trash cans like some silent cloud of witness. He would have tried counting them only he didn't want to get saddled with an add-a-puss complex. Finally, unable to put it off any longer, he crossed the corridor and waited in the doorway until Gordon looked up from his puzzle. 
"Come, they said, let us contrive to plot against Jeremiah." 
"Eh?"
"That, Gordon, was the biggest crock of-"
"What?" asked Gordon in all innocence.
"Your wife's classmate from Boerne? Mrs Paul never went to college."
"So?"
"So I saw you glance at the newspaper when I handed you your pill. You spotted that article about the death of that factory worker and concocted the whole story from there."
"And what if I did?" Gordon beamed, proud of his quick-witted improvisation. "This way there's a good chance he won't make it back for tomorrow's show. Or if he does, he'll be so worn out he's bound to lose."
Raas grunted. "You don't think Bull Roberts can beat him on his own?"
Gordon leaned back in his chair. The runty rudo had already advanced further in the tournament than anyone had expected. "It never hurts to have a contingency plan," the STW owner replied, determined to put an end to J's success. It was then Raas became aware of a silent figure in the shadows behind Gordon. He was dressed in a hooded robe, arms folded and motionless. It was the breeze from the window ruffling the material of his garment that allowed Raas to spot him.
"Who's the cigar store Indian?" he asked.
The figure took a step forward but Gordon lifted a restraining hand and the form resumed its stone-like stillness. "That's my Plan B," Gordon explained smugly. 
Raas shook his head in disgust. Rather than argue, he took the Bible from the shelf and opened it to Proverbs 26. Gordon took the proffered text and read: He who digs a pit falls into it; and a stone comes back upon him who rolls it. 
"Are you saying this is going to backfire on me?" he asked.
"All I know," Raas turned to go, "is it describes every Wile E Coyote cartoon ever made."

Part Two:
Roadhouse Blues
It's been said before that the future's uncertain and the end is always near. Such was the case of Frank Goodish, a one-time resident of Boerne, Texas,3 who set out to be a journalist only somewhere along the way wound up becoming hardcore wrestling legend Bruiser Brody. A large man with surprising agility, his end came on July 7, 1988, when he was stabbed in a dressing room in Bayamon, Puerto Rico. Some say the invader who did it got away with murder. Others say he's been punished every day by the fact people remember.
Boerne sits in the Texas Hill Country, northwest of San Antonio between New Braunfels and Bandera; a beautiful area with limestone hills and spring-fed streams. It's a spelunker's dream, littered with active caves profuse with crystal pools, stalagmites, and soda straws. All in all, a nice place to visit.
Further up the road lies the small rural community of Kriegerville, named for a former spy who returned from the Horse Latitudes to settle down to a life of moonlight drives and wintertime love. The village centers about a travel lodge, the Horrison Motel, situated at the bottom of a valley formed by two hills. Atop one hill is a honky-tonk bar and grill. On the opposite hill is the Hitchcock Dildo Factory. Early spring rains leave the hills dotted with bluebonnets, filling the air with a fresh, clean aroma, while flocking birds, on their way north after wintering in Mexico, flood the fading twilight with their migrant chirping. 
Back at the motel, another migrant soul was attempting to gain the attention of the desk clerk. The clerk's interest was fixed on a local PBS broadcast where a distinguished panel of experts gave their views on the latest J-man theory. (This being public television, there were maybe six people in the whole state watching it.) Kicking off the discussion was the learned Professor from Fredericksburg who held the runty rudo was several different people, like in a Droopy cartoon, based upon the six separate masked appearances he'd made early in his career. 
"Excuse me."
The Scientist from NASA however discounted the Droopy theory as an inefficient mode of travel, suggesting instead he was able to slip through inter-dimensional corridors utilizing a new application of quantum physics, while the scar-faced fellow with the potted aloe preferred Izak Blitzen's "Dust Devil" concept of traveling on the wind as random floating particles.
"I said, excuse me."
The red-haired guy with the big nose favored the Martian Cat hypothesis, claiming the gaunt-faced grappler bounced his personality from one cat mind to another, similar to skipping a rock over the surface of a lake, until reaching his destination. 
"Hel-lo-oo?"
Closing the show was a bitter, black-haired girl who said the reason he got around so well was because no one paid attention to him in the first place; her remarks drawing hearty laughs from the rest of the panel. It was only when the station did their customary plea for funding that the desk clerk glanced down. "Sorry kid," he apologized; "didn't see you there."
"Kin I git a room fer th' night?" the gaunt-faced guest inquired graciously.
The clerk nodded absently as he peered into the driveway. "Was the bus early? I didn't hear it pull in." There was a slight tingling in the air and a settling of dust with tiny paw prints leading from outside. 
"About th' room?"
"Oh, right. Here's a nice one; comes with electricity, air, and running." 
"Runnin' whut?" 
"I don't know. We've never been able to catch one." 

J-man signed the register, asking if there was any place to get a bite to eat as he felt a headache coming on. "Ah, yes, Mr..." the clerk scrutinized the scratchy signature, "D Claude," and suggested the honky-tonk at the top of the hill. Outside, a peaceful darkness settled in and the birds ceased chirping as the quarter moon came into view. The warm night air was clean with the scent of bluebonnets and all was quiet save for the occasional barking of a dog as J trudged up the hill. Arriving shortly after eight that morning, the gaunt-faced grappler squandered the day inquiring as to the fate of Cal DeSac. Few took notice of him, and those who did had little to say; although he did manage to interview Cal's mother:
"He's been rather quiet lately, not active like he used to be."
"I thought he wuz dead."
"Well, yes, that too."
Nor had the neighbors proved helpful.
"He was a quiet guy, what you'd call poker-faced."
"Didn't show much emotion, eh?"
"Especially after the accident in the fireplace."
He'd nosed around, asked questions, and gotten nowhere. Now, tired and hungry, his only desire was to grab a burger and turn in for the night.
A corroded metal sign creaked over a dilapidated service station, its back lot piled high with worn tires and rusted parts. Across the highway stood a tall-chimneyed smokehouse. Next to that, occupying the greater part of the field, was the Lizard King Bar and Grill. It was no different from any other Texas hangout, with good food and cold drinks and Willie Nelson on the jukebox. 
"Dammit, Willie," scolded the proprietor, "how many times must I tell you not to sit on my jukebox?"
J wove his way to the counter where a sign read: Bread is made for laughter, wine gladdens life, and money answers everything. A waitress took his order; her name tag said Helen. 
Didn't Gordon say Cal had a sister named Helen?
"Excuse me, but are ya Helen DeSac?"
"Well," she giggled, "I've never had any complaints."
J pondered what she meant by that as he waited for his order. He noticed the guy next to him, talking into his wristwatch. "Aren't you that wrestler?" the guy asked. "The one Gordon Paul uses for comedy matches?"
"I wouldn't call 'em comedy," J protested.
"I know," the guy replied. "That plant fellow is lots funnier."
Another lady came up. "Aren't you-?"
"Yes," J nodded.
"Ooh, I spend a lot of time watching your matches."
"Really?"
"Uh-huh. My analyst told me to avoid excitement."
Thankfully Helen returned with his hamburger, saying it was on the house as he looked like he hadn't had a decent meal in months. J thanked her and took a tentative bite. It was surprisingly good, the meat well-cooked and the bread fresh. 
"Nice buns," he complimented.
"Thanks," Helen smiled back. "You should see my black teddy."
J gave her a blank look-after all, she seemed a bit old to be playing with stuffed animals-then took his burger and soda in search of a table. He found one with only one person at it. "Mind if I sit with ya?"
The man, it turned out, was the town doctor. He was also the undertaker, thus making him an eye, ear, nose, and croak specialist. "I recognize you," said the physician-mortician. "You're that little wrestler who gets the crap beat out of him every weekend."
J nodded, "An' twice on Sundays," adding, "I hope ya haven't any prejudices against rasslin'."
"Oh no," the physician-mortician, whose name was Al, assured him. "I find its subtlety and nuance an invaluable tool in teaching children. Just the other day I said to my kid, Would you like me to take you to the wrestling matches? And the kid said, No, so I said, Okay, then behave yourself."

J took a bite of his hamburger and chewed in silence, having never realized the influence he had on others. It was a humbling experience; not that it helped his headache any.
"Don't you want to ask me about Cal DeSac?" asked Al.
"Who?"
"The fellow whose death you're investigating, remember?"
"Oh right," J nodded, and signaled Al to go ahead.
"Cal was a nice guy, quiet; bit of an amateur horologist."
J inclined his head sagely. "Liked scary movies, did he?"
"The thing what puzzles me is him being out there in the first place."
"Whut d'ya mean?"
"They found his body in a field outside the Dildo Factory."
"So?"
"The man was an intense agoraphobic."
"I ain't much fer sweaters m'self."
Al gave J an odd look before going on. "If you're looking for a motive, you're barking up the wrong tree. Cal didn't have an enemy in the world."
J would've admitted it looked bleak, only he took exception to the word barking. 
"He have any money?"
Al shook his head. "Dirt poor; had to borrow money to buy a gravesite."
"Sorta whut ya call advancin' th' plot."
Al looked serious. "When's the last time you got checked for head trauma?"
"Eh?"
"Nothing. Say, that's some hickey on the back of your neck."
"It's a mosquito bite. Whut about yerself? Ya married?"
Al smiled, saying he'd met her in Hollywood where she'd been a fluffer-whatever that was.
J shrugged, "Sumthin' involvin' pillows?" and told Al about the man who married a woman half-Irish and half-Italian."4Uh, back to Cal DeSac..."
"He died intestate."
"Unwillin'ly, no doubt."
Al gave him a long, hard look. "Ever consider doing something besides wrestling?"
"Why ya ask?"
"Oh, I don't know; I just thought-"
"M'uncle wuz a crane operator. Had to give it up though; got tired of standin' on one foot." 
"Right." Al looked from side to side. "So, uh, you have a girlfriend?"
J nodded. Actually he had two. Well, no, that wasn't true. It was more like-
"She pretty?"
J went, "Hmm," trying to picture Princess Fely only to have Jo's face overlap it. "Ya remember th' TV show Th' Beverly Hillbillies?"
"Uh-huh," Al nodded.
"An' th' daughter Ellie Mae?"
"Yeah," Al's eyes lit up.
"She's more like Granny."

Al excused himself to go to the restroom. While he was gone a giraffe came and sat at the table beside theirs. J watched Helen bring an order of fries and a fudge sundae. The giraffe poured catsup on the fries before dipping them into the sundae. "You got a problem with a giraffe mixing fries and catsup with ice cream?" it asked.
"Oh no," J assured it. "I like 'em that way m'self." 
"What way?" asked Al, returning.
"Huh? Oh, uh, nuthin'." J closed his eyes. When he opened them the giraffe was still there, only he'd been joined by a gorilla and they were playing cards. Unable to think of any more questions, J shut his eyes again and listened to the music, wondering if they were playing "I'm Dreaming Tonight of My Blue Eyes" or "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky-Tonk Angels." Not like it mattered as it was the same tune, country artists being some of the world's earliest environmentalists as they constantly recycled melodies. 
Thinking about the environment, J recalled the tornados had Gordon mentioned.
"Y'all have much trouble with twisters?"
"Not really," said Al, his eyes fixed on the dance floor. "Now square dancers are another story. All hooting, hollering and going back and forth."
"Uh, Al?"
"Never can clear a space big enough for them."
"Al?"
"And don't get me started on those polka nuts!"
J threw up his hands, "Oh, skip it," and looked back at the giraffe and gorilla playing cards. "Th' big ape's cheatin'," he noted.
"Who you calling an ape?" The big ape kicked back his chair. J, not prone to blinking, rubbed his eyes with the back of one hand, and stared at the giant fellow looming over him. He was six-four, two-eighty, and looked like he hadn't smiled a day in his life. 
The humongous fellow picked his chair off the floor and ripped off one of the legs. "You know, kid, the night ain't complete without a good fight." He snapped the leg in two; then broke it again. "If I don't find someone soon, you're it." He broke the leg a final time and stomped off. J looked down at the floor, it occurring to him what he thought was sawdust was really last night's furniture.
"You want to be careful," Al warned. "He's one of the Frebergs."
"Who's that?"
"Just your typical small-town hoodlum gang. The big guy is Terry, that's Buddy over there, and the guy talking to his wristwatch is Michael."
"Ya see him too?"
"Yes; he's right there."
"Gosh, that's a relief. Fer a while there I thought him 'n th' giraffe wuzn't real."
"What giraffe?"
The giraffe winked at J and went back to shuffling his cards. 
J shook his head, "Nevermind," and shifted his attention to Michael. "He always talk to his watch like that?" 
Al snorted. "I remember one time Cal tried to get a look at it and the guy went ballistic. Hey, you don't suppose-?"
"I dunno," J shrugged as a nebulous notion fought to take shape. "Any trouble with th' law?"
"Their names did come up in that rubbery at the Dildo Factory."
"Don't ya mean robbery?"
"No, they stole a case of condoms."

J cast his eyes heavenward. His headache was growing worse and nothing was adding up. Thugs and bruisers with odd behavior were dime a dozen in the wrestling business so it seemed only natural it'd spill over into real life.
"There was, however, the business of the little white dwarf."
"Whut!" Al's casually spoken words were like a cattle prod on the fatigued fighter's failing faculties, causing him to straighten so fast he bumped against the gorilla's chair where he and the giraffe had resumed playing. 
"I'll see your five and I'll raise you- Hey! Watch it, runt!"
"Sorry. I, uh-"
"Oh be quiet," the gorilla gloated over his cards. "I'm about to buy myself a one-way ticket to easy street." 
J glanced at the gorilla's hand. "With a pair of sevens?"
What happened next was kind of vague: somehow the gorilla transformed back into a snarling Terry Freberg with Michael and Buddy materializing on either side of him. "Careful," Michael warned. "Terry was a four-letter man in college."
"Yeah," Buddy piped in helpfully. "D-U-M-B."
Michael told Buddy to shut up. 
"Now boys," began Al, "the kid didn't mean-"
Michael walked around the table and stood in front of Al. "You should tell your wife to start flossing."
"Why?" Al looked at him blankly. "What do you mean?"
"Because," Michael explained, "I can sniff my zipper and tell what she had for lunch."
J didn't get it but he figured it must've been a joke as everyone started laughing. Everyone except Al. He just turned a bunch of colors while digging his nails into his palms. Somehow it didn't seem very Texan to rag on a guy like that. So what if his woman didn't practice good oral hygiene? It didn't give them the right to- Oh, wait. Now he got it. "Now justa min'it fellas," he began. After all, it wasn't the sort of thing he'd want people saying about his girlfriend. 
Assuming she was his girlfriend.
"Yeah, runt?" said Michael. "You got something to say?"
"Well," J started to rise from his chair, "it's just-"
Buddy Freberg stretched a detaining palm and pulled J back down. J, in turn, gripped Buddy's hand and firmly removed it from his shoulder.
"Like I said-"
Again Buddy went to lay a hand on J's shoulder. J batted it away.
"Don't do that," he warned.
Apparently Buddy was hard of hearing because he tried a third time to push J into his chair. The gaunt-faced grappler took Buddy's wrist, bending it backward until Buddy sank to his knees in pain.
"Don't make me git rough with ya," J released his grip. "After all, I'm a trained rassler 'n yer justa bunch of street thugs."
His words must not have had the right ring of diplomacy because next he knew Buddy pressed his palm against J's forehead, intending for J to swing at the air between them. The bony bantam battler had to give him credit since whatever Buddy lacked in intelligence he more than made up in persistency. Still enough was enough, so he brought both hands up, trapping Buddy's knuckles in a tight squeeze until he was once again pounding the floor and yelling uncle. J loosened the hold and Buddy sought the safety of his friends. "Look!" he displayed a mangled hand. "The bastard clawed me!" 

Things were looking bad until the proprietor told them if they wanted to fight in here they needed to go outside; which didn't make any sense but did defuse the situation, the Frebergs resuming their original places, Al seeking a neutral corner, and J-man opting to beat an exit. He'd no sooner taken a step for the door than Terry leaned back in his chair and placed a boot against a support post, blocking the way. "Going somewhere, runt?" he asked.
The hindered half-pint kicked the chair, sending the mighty Freberg crashing to the floor. "Out," J answered as he continued past the bar. 
Michael had taken his position on the barstool and was talking to his wristwatch. Imitating his fallen comrade, the Freberg leader stretched his leg in J's path. "Think you can do that twice?" he taunted. A quick glance at the bar's mirror showed Buddy zeroing in from behind. J placed a hand on the toe of Michael's boot and, with a supple move, limboed under the outstretched leg. Then he swung the boot full-force into the sensitive area of Buddy's anatomy. As Buddy doubled over making little whimpering sounds, J spun Michael's boot hard as he could, sending its owner spinning round and round on the barstool until the momentum pitched him off. This somehow caused the watch to work itself free of Michael's wrist, and, as chance would have it, go flying straight in the direction of the gaunt-faced grappler, who snatched it out of the air and stuffed it into his pocket. 
Gasping for breath, and stepping gingerly, Buddy came up again. J eluded him by jumping atop the bar as the honky-tonk crowd formed a semi-circle around them. He considered doing a spinning moonsault, only there was no sense overdoing it so he yanked a stuffed moose head from the wall and bashed Buddy with it instead. 
With two Frebergs down, Michael staggered dizzily to his feet-"Give me my watch!"-and gave chase. J somersaulted across a pool table, scooting underneath it as Michael swung a cue stick. J took hold of Michael's trouser cuffs and yanked his legs from under him such that his chin struck the table. The Freberg leader looked to be out but J gave him a bulldog headlock just to make sure. Michael came up one last time, wearing a dripping spittoon for a hat, and then collapsed. 
The Saturday night celebrants stood speechless as the scrawny stranger brushed himself off. They'd seen lots of fights, but never anything like this. J-man tried to be modest about it-after all, he was a wrestler-only the more he tried to focus on the faces around him the more they kept blurring. Oh well, he thought, go back to the motel, get some rest, and then tomorrow-
"Hey! Runt!" roared a voice-and the entire place emptied.
Everyone. 
Including the giraffe. 
Until there was no one left except J and Terry.
"Oh no," J groaned.
"Oh yes," the humongous Freberg answered, looking more like a coke machine in trousers than anything human. "Like I said, the night ain't complete without a good fight; so you're it."
"Would ya settle fer some complimentary tickets to Sunday's matches?"
Terry grabbed a whiskey bottle and broke it over the bar.
J sighed, "I didn't think so," and, aping his opponent, also smashed a bottle against the bar. Nothing happened so he banged it again. This time it broke off a chunk of wood. J stared at the bottle, "Now that's whut I call hard liquor," as Terry shoulder-tackled him through the wall. They tumbled across the highway where they crashed against the smokehouse, the collapsing chimney burying them under a pile of bricks and dust. J crawled out from the rubble and sprinted for the auto junkyard. Terry emerged in time to see him dive headfirst into a stack of tractor tires, vanishing like a rodeo clown into his barrel. The fabulous Freberg stumbled up to the tires and lifted them one at a time, looking inside and tossing them aside. Finally, down to the last one, he held it to his face and a knee shot out, catching him square in the kisser. Terry let go the tire and fell backward with a thud. 
The tire and its occupant rolled down the hill, gathering momentum as it bounced over bumps and potholes until striking the curb in front of the Horrison Motel. The impact caused it to rocket high into the air and plop down like a giant ring-toss around the flagpole outside. The tire hula-hooped the length of the pole, coming to rest in the thick hedge surrounding it. 
Slowly and painfully, the runty road warrior wiggled free of the tire. Meandering his way into the lobby, he stood in his torn and dusty clothing. "Kin I have my key?" he asked wearily. "I'm ready to turn in fer th' night." 
The clerk, not bothering to look, slid J's room key across the counter. "What a day," he yawned. "Boy I'm tired!" 
J-man plucked a leaf from his shirt and nodded. "I'm kinda bushed m'self." 

Part Three:
Waiting For The Sun
Just as it is common knowledge how the Great State of Texas is the grandest independent republic on Earth, so too is Houston recognized as its finest city. Which is not to imply there aren't other places equally nice. While east of Houston tends to be marshy flood land, and westward gives way to desert flatlands, the hardy Texan makes out fine no matter where he's situated. Still there are those who insist on something green. To this end the Austin-Barton Springs region fills the bill, with Boerne a main attraction because of its extensive cave formations. And for those who prefer cool running streams with sparkling clear water nestled in beds of colorful rocks making their lazy way through fields rich with the aroma of wildflowers, well, it has those too. 
Dawn found the gaunt-faced grappler beside such a stream, sitting on a large flat rock in the middle of a field of bluebonnets. He had come to watch the sunrise, only he was so tuckered out from the night before he'd curled up and gone to sleep.
It was a nice rock, smooth and comfortable, and the gentle rhythm of the rushing water worked with the fresh scent of bluebonnets to evoke memories of happier times spent in the presence of his precious Princess Fely. Only such memories were few, and before long his dreams turned dark and confining with vague images of stench and shadows. Then came an uncontrollable tingling sensation, spreading from his neck outward, and he was back in the real world.
"Hey Jo." He opened his eyes and sat up. "Whut brings ya out in th' daytime?"
Fully expecting to see the pesky presence which the itchy irritation augured, J was shocked to catch sight of what looked like a spattering of black dots. He rubbed his eyes, figuring he wasn't completely awake, and when he opened them again there she was. "We stir occasionally," she replied, as the dots resolved into a swirling cloud of mosquitoes by the surface of the stream. "Sleep well?"
J recovered quickly, chalking it up to his lack of glasses. "I dreamed I wuz a jaguar crouchin' at th' throne of a princess."
"On a tight leash, no doubt," she chided, coming to sit alongside him. Like him, she had on denim cutoffs, revealing fairly long legs for such a tiny girl. Watching the mosquitoes retreat into the grass, she added: "By the way, Gordon was lying."
He'd kind of figured that out by now. Still, something was going on.
"Raas says I'm breakin' th' Seventh Commandment."
"I thought you were a virgin."
"Not adultery; stealin'."
"It does say that in the Palestinian Talmud," she reflected, breaking off as J stared at her. "I'm a law student, remember?"
"Oh; right." He'd forgotten that. He also forgot to ask how she knew he was a virgin. "I guess it's no use askin' whut th' folks in Elkhart think." Elkhart being but a short distance from Palestine on Highway 287.
"About your wrestling?"
"No." He'd heard enough opinions the previous night. "I meant-" What did he mean? He'd gone blank again. "Skip it," he muttered, turning his mind to other things. He watched Jo run her fingers through her close-cropped hair. It shone blue-black in the morning sunlight. He also noticed her t-shirt stamped with the words Get J'd. "I see yer usin' Time's idea."
Jo made an indifferent shrug. "J'd Warrior does have a ring to it." 
Plus it sounded better than a lot of things he'd been called. 
"So," she slapped him on the leg, "how's it going?"
J sighed. "Few 'n hard have been th' years of my life," he quoted, being in human terms somewhere around eighteen.
"I mean the investigation. Any luck?"
"Not really," J confessed. "Like Sam Houston, I found a thousand ways that don't work."
"Edison said that; not Houston."
"Edison who?"
"The Edison who invented the light bulb. He also said genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration-although why anyone that sweaty would mess with electricity is beyond me." She found a pebble and tossed it into the stream. "I see you met Helen DeSac. Did you know she has a glass eye?"
"How'd ya find that out?"
"It came out in the conversation."
"Ya been nosin' around?"
"More like hanging round the funeral home and listening."
"Oh? How cum I didn't see ya there?"
"I didn't see you either. In fact the afternoon was quiet except when the preacher chased some stray cat that'd wandered in."
J grinned. "Ya pick up anythin' else?"
"Just gossip," Jo made with a shrug. "The family wants him cremated."
"I know. I saw th' Do Not Inter sign."
"And he was a notorious hypochondriac; took all kinds of pills-iron, calcium, potassium, zinc, you name it. Now that he's dead, the family is fighting over the mineral rights to his body."
He gave her a skeptical look.
"Okay," she admitted, "I made that one up," and began a tuneless hum. 
J pretended to look across the field only his eyes kept drifting back to Jo's Daisy Duke cutoffs and her long legs. Skinny legs, though; nowhere near as shapely as those of his Princess Fely. Still, she wasn't so bad once you got past her plain-jane face and her adolescent smallness. If only he could get used to the itchy feeling she gave off, who knows but maybe they could remain friends once he and the princess got back together.
"Are you okay?" Jo asked, seeing the faraway gleam in his eye. 
"Huh?" He dipped his bandana in the stream and touched it to his forehead. "Just tired."
"At least you had a room," she pouted. "I spent the night in the lobby with some pervert who said he had a trick knee. I didn't believe it until it asked me to pick a card. Finally the clerk made me leave. The only place open was an X-rated movie house. It was so disgusting I could hardly sit through it a third time. At dawn I returned to the motel to find you'd already left and so I-"
She stopped abruptly. 
"So ya whut?" J inquired curiously.
"Nothing," she clammed up, not wishing to finish. 
What had happened was this: Upon learning J had checked out, Jo snuck into the now-vacant room to catch a few hours shut-eye. Tired from her all-night ordeal, the sleepy sojourner was soon in a deep slumber-which was how the motel maid found her. Hoping for an early start so she might spend the holiday with her family, the maid entered the room which she thought unoccupied. On the bed lay Josie, her pallid body party covered by a tangled sheet. One look at the pale white arm hanging limply over the edge of the mattress and the maid knew she must notify the manager. But not without first drawing the sheet over the deceased's face. The effect, as can be imagined, was immediate. Jo, very much alive, started at the sensation of being covered and instantly sprang to a sitting position, furiously clawing at the sheet about her head. The maid in turn let out a hair-raising scream, never expecting to witness a resurrection on Easter morning. The maid's scream brought more people into the room. Josie, finally freeing herself of the encumbering shroud, saw a roomful of people staring at her, and realizing she was wearing only a pair of panties, let out an ear-splitting scream of her own. "Honestly," the maid explained later, "the little boy looked so peaceful. And you must admit he is terribly pale." Jo, for her part, had little ground for argument as she'd illicitly occupied J's room and was unceremoniously told to get out. All in all it was one of those incidents she'd just as soon forget happened-although it galled her how everyone had thought her a "little boy."
"I mean, I was wearing panties." She sulked as a trio of mosquitoes came up from the weeds and sympathetically orbited her pale-as-paper face.
"Who's wearin' panties?" asked J, hearing this from out of nowhere.
"I'm wearing panties," she snapped petulantly, "I am a girl, you know;" and the gaunt-faced grappler wisely dropped the matter. After all, she may have been a girl, but her hair didn't smell like bluebonnets.
Meanwhile the trio of mosquitoes continued to flutter about Josie's face. She nodded her head as though listening, then waved them aside. "They said I could do better," she told him with a shrug, and tossing another pebble in the stream, hugged her knees to her chest and stared at the sea of bluebonnets. People unfamiliar with the seasonal state flower cannot imagine the effect such vast fields of blue can have on a person. So thickly do they cover the land the stems become invisible as one looks down at wave upon wave of sweetly fragrant substance; enchantment enough to set anyone thinking of pleasanter things.
"Nice weather," J ventured cautiously.
"I like Easter," Jo relented, her eyes a bit misty.
J scratched his head. "Yer not-?" 
"Don't be stupid!" She swiped her nose with the back of her hand. "All right then. We've got maybe five hours to solve this mystery and get back in time for your match. So, what have you got?"
The gaunt-faced grappler hesitated. The girl was going through a lot of mood swings lately, perhaps an after effect of Justin Time's cowardly assault. Or maybe she was worn out from dyeing shirts and hanging around funeral homes. Convinced this was the case, J dug into his pocket, pulling out his rosary and the watch he'd taken from Michael Freberg. As Jo didn't strike him as interested in prayer beads, he held out the watch, asking, "Any idea whut this is?"
Even as she went to take it, the air grew still, the scent of flowers replaced by a down-rush of ozone. The sky darkened and a wind of howling intensity flattened the grass around them. 
Like a charging freight train, a tornado appeared from nowhere and bore down on them.

It wasn't a large tornado. Nevertheless Jo clutched J's arm in terror at the infundibuliform invader's imminent onset. The gaunt-faced grappler himself wasn't one for screaming, although he wouldn't have been averse to running like hell. Only Josie frozen to the spot and holding a vise-like grip made running difficult. Then too, he was the hero and she expected him to do something.
Only what? It wasn't like he could slap on a wristlock.
Now tornadoes in Texas are nothing new, having been around for ages. Still they don't just fall out of the sky on a clear day. It takes a while for them to build, which in turn gives people time to prepare for them. This is important as there's not a lot you can do if caught in the path of one. According to legend, you can alter the path of an approaching tornado by driving an ax into a stump and pointing the handle in the direction you'd like for it to go. Unfortunately J didn't have an ax. And so he was stumped. Still he had to do something-and quick-as the howling racket was almost on them. 
So he grabbed Jo and jumped into the stream, hoping the rocky out-cropping would protect them. Seeing he held his rosary and Freberg's wristwatch, he flung both objects as far as he could; then pressed himself and Josie against the rock. 
What seemed an eternity was but a few moments. The twister passed over and he felt its merciless tug. Still he held fast to whatever he could. Chancing a glimpse upward, he saw what looked like the insides of a thunderstorm. It was darkly fascinating and he had to force himself to look away. Finally the thing passed.
It was then he became aware of Josie struggling fiercely beneath him. 
"Way to go," she sputtered; "save my life by drowning me in a river."
"It's notta river," he smiled, still straddling her. "Y'okay?" She nodded her head slowly and he helped her up, thankful they were still alive.

"Careful ya don't git burned," he told her, some minutes later.
"I won't," she answered, keeping to the shady side of the flat rock.
They made a strange sight, two naked kids sitting back-to-back while their clothes dried. They stretched lengthwise, resting their heads on each other's shoulder. The sun was gentle, the air fresh, and Josie broke out in song: curious melodies sung in secret alphabets, blissful balm for a brain bruised with numb surprise. J put his fingers to his temples, rubbing them with a circular motion, and Jo stopped singing. 
"You're doing it again," she told him; "that M thing."
"Whut M thing?" he asked, knowing perfectly well what she was talking about.
"You're trying to figure out where the tornado came from."
J rolled onto his stomach, Josie modestly following suit. 
"How'd ya know that?"
"I know lots of things," she shrugged, holding her ankh pendant like it was a monocle. "For instance, I know my hair doesn't smell like bluebonnets."
Only one person in th' world duz, he smiled to himself. Then, remembering Jo's uncanny ability to tell what he was thinking, he quickly sought to change the subject.
"Jo?" he asked. 
"Yes?" she answered.
"How d'ya git around?"
"I could ask you the same question."
"I mean whut d'ya do fer money?"
"I perform services for which men pay me."
"Jo!" He was shocked.
She looked down her nose at him. "I type term papers for fellow students," she said evenly.
"Oh," said J, relieved.
"What did you think I meant?"
"Huh?"
"Don't huh me. And don't give me that look either."
"Whut look?" he asked innocently.
"That Felix the Cat eyes-wide-open look. You think I'm loose!"
J could've pointed out she was sitting there with no clothes on, but his innate Texas sense of discretion got the better of him.
"Of all things," Josie went on, an ever-so-tiny hint of color touching on her cheek. "I'll have you know I shrink from immoral activity!" 
That Jo was inches shy of the five-foot mark left her indignant rebuke open to interpretation, only once again J's innate Texas sense of self-preservation came to the rescue, reminding him it was best to let sleeping dogs lie.

Once more silence ensued, Jo alone and distant in her thoughts while J wrestled with a primal recollection of abandonment in a dumpster and equally vague impressions of an orphanage. With so few memories to recall, it didn't take long to exhaust them. 
Plus he felt another headache coming on. 
"Jo?" he asked.
"Yes?" she answered.
"D'ya think I'm a high-minded morality type?"
Jo nodded. "You are. Not as obnoxious as some but, yeah, you are."
J said, "Oh," and lapsed silent as Josie elaborated.
"It's like this: you're a good person, but you're too rigid. Like Job thinking himself such a humble guy it became a matter of pride, so God knocked him down a peg." 
"Ya think God's settin' me up fer a fall?"
"I think you're setting yourself up for a fall. All I'm saying is you can't live life in a Hokey-Pokey world."
"Whut d'ya mean: a Hokey-Pokey world?"
"You know; that's what it's all about."
J assumed a sitting position, facing away from Jo as he rubbed his temples. Concentration was hard enough without girly logic mucking the equation.
"Is any of this getting through to you?"
"Yeah. I mean, sorta." He'd gotten his answer when she said "You are." Now that she'd embroidered it, he was totally confused.
Josie stood up to check their clothes. "They're dry now," she told him.
"Jo-o-o!" J averted his gaze. "Would ya mind not doin' that?"
"Sorry." She stepped behind him. "I forgot you're Catholic."
"I s'pose ya haven't any religious blood in ya?"
She didn't answer. Not directly, anyway. But a bemused smile did cross her face as she tossed him his things.

Intermission:
Ship Of Fools
Back at the STW office, Gordon Paul watched in disbelief the future of professional wrestling go down the toilet. "This is our competition?" With Plan B having stepped out in search of some native cuisine, Raas took the opportunity to approach his boss in hope of getting their situation back to normal. If you call viewing poorly recorded wrestling matches normal. 
The Brazos River Area Wrestling League-BRAWL, for short-had been operating several months and someone sent Raas a video from what looked to be a rundown pavilion. The sound was barely audible, the picture jerky, and many drunken fans lurched in and out of frame.
Gordon shook his head again. "You have got to be kidding."
The Brawlers were decidedly different. The opener featured an incredibly fat luchador called No-weigh Jose, his gimmick being he was too heavy for any normal scale. It ended in a count out when Jose couldn't get into the ring after the steps collapsed under him. Next was a "Lights Out" match. Traditionally this meant a non-sanctioned fight after the card was officially over. Here they simply turned off the lights and all one heard was a bunch of grunting and thumping until three slaps to the canvas signaled a winner, after which the lights came back on.
"This is a belated April Fool's joke, right?"
"No, Gordon. Someone sent it with a note saying we'd see something surprising."
"What's surprising is we're watching this crap in the first place."
"Wait, Gordon, look there. It's Melagris."
"Who?"
"The turkey god from Chariots of the Texans. I guess now he wants to be a wrestling god."
"Like we don't have enough of those already!" Gordon sagely opined.
The main event was a lumberjack match where other wrestlers circled the ring to prevent the contestants from escaping. Melagris, still sporting an enormous hooked nose and thick mane of red hair, graced the fans with a harmonica solo, after which he stuffed the instrument into his pocket.
"Well," Gordon granted, "at least it wasn't bagpipes."
Raas turned the volume high as it would go to catch the name of Mel's opponent. So far no one had shown up. "Maybe it's a no-show," he told Gordon.
"And his opponent," faintly piped the ring announcer, "from Parts Unknown? Anosho!"
"What?" yelled Gordon, as the lumberjacks stepped aside to allow an unseen presence to pass between them.
Raas fell to the floor laughing. "Oh-my-god," he giggled helplessly; "he's wrestling an invisible man!" as Melagris pretended to lock up with his opponent and scoop him up for a body slam. The lumberjacks did their part as "Anosho" tried rolling out of the ring and they hurried to throw "him" back in. Mel went for a second slam but his "opponent" turned it into an inside cradle, the six-foot-seven turkey god doing a forward roll on the canvas with the referee administering a two-count. 
"This is ridiculous," Gordon fumed. "I've run low budget shows in my time, but I was never so broke I couldn't put two men in the ring."
Next Mel performed a somersault flip in simulation of a snap-suplex for another near fall. Raas said, "Anosho's got some good moves," as Mel sold an invisible dropkick that knocked him out of the ring. The lumberjacks came after Mel but he brushed them aside and charged back in. At first he just stood there, face snapping back as though absorbing invisible punches; then he pointed a wagging finger while his face reddened and his eyes bugged out-"He's fowling up!" exclaimed Raas-and he let loose with three punches and a boot to the face. The crowd went wild as, following a ref bump, Mel decked Anosho with his harmonica and a second referee counted the pin.
Gordon Paul allowed himself an amused chuckle. "Maybe next week he'll wrestle 'the Ottoman' and go twenty minutes with a footstool."
Raas returned the tape to its envelope and, after stooping to pick a fallen jigsaw piece off the floor, went to Gordon's side. Together they looked out the alleyway. "You know, Jon," Gordon spoke after a pause, "once this is over I'm going to have animal control do something about those cats."
"I thought you were coming to tolerate them."
Gordon shook his head. "Every night I wake in my room and see cats staring at me, silent, intent, and plotting. I ask them what they want but they just smile."
Raas made no comment. After all, the nights were warm and people did sleep with their windows open. "And Mrs Paul...?" he ventured.
"Moved in with her sister. Gave me an ultimatum-STW or her."
"Gee, Gordon, I'm sorry. Maybe if-"
The door opened and Plan B came in.
Gordon grunted, "I see no one knocks anymore," and, resuming his gruff demeanor, told Raas to go down to the coliseum and supervise the set-up crew.
The Okie assistant assented as Plan B took his position by the window. It wasn't until he was back at his desk Raas realized he still had the fallen puzzle piece in his hand. He tossed it into a drawer figuring Gordon would never miss it, then headed for the coliseum, all the while wondering if the gaunt-faced grappler would be there.

Part Four:
You're Lost Little Girl
Life unfolds at its own pace, like the Texan who, on being handed a pair of binoculars and asked, "What do you see?" gazed across the endlessly flat terrain and said, "Nothing; the back of my head is blocking the view." In other words, there's only so much a person can handle at any given time-which is why our daily bread is measured out in slices rather than loaves. Or as someone else once put it, "Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."

"Is this what Ecclesiastes calls a striving after wind?" Josie grumbled as they hiked along the creek bed. "Where are we anyway?"
"Where" was an open field adjacent the Hitchcock Dildo Factory. Fortunately J didn't have to use the words adjacent or dildo as there was a huge sign with letters so big he could read it without his glasses. He merely pointed with his swollen hand5 and crawled up the bank to examine a round mound of earth.
Josie took advantage of the break to pluck needle grass from her socks. "And what is it we're looking for?" The way she bent over was most unfeminine; only on her it looked kind of graceful.
"Well," J walked back, "th' tornado had to come from somewhere."
"And you think it sprang from a hole in the ground?"
"Ya didn't see it fall outta th' sky."
"And it zeroed in on the wristwatch?"
J nodded.
"Which is why, when you threw it away, the tornado swerved to miss us?"
"It wuz that or th' rosary."
Josie straightened, wiped her hands on her cutoffs. "I'm sorry," she said at last, "but nothing you say makes a lick of sense."
J's normally even expression dropped. "That ain't fair," he protested. "I believed yer ODOR story."
"You did not! It wasn't until the zombies appeared that you-"
"Yes?" J prompted.
"Okay," she admitted, "a tornado did show up. But it doesn't prove-"
"Then why did it follow th' watch?" 
He had her there.
"Right." She pressed a knuckle against her lip while her large eyes narrowed in thought. "It did, didn't it?" And brushing the short bangs from her forehead, she began to analyze the situation. "Let's see: you swiped the watch from Freberg-"
"I'd call it a Tornado Watch." 
"-that he used to communicate with the ring leader. So does he know we're still alive?" She didn't wait for an answer but went on, gesturing rapidly. "If the twister is designed to zero in on the watch, then once said watch is destroyed, he'd assume it got us. Wow! That's some specialized highly-integrated technology." Thankfully she didn't resort to acronyms. "You think it could be another renegade Power Company scientist?"
"I hope not," J responded. "Our readers are growin' tired of that story line."
"Yeah," Jo conceded. "We don't want to give the impression they're all bad. Why, during last summer's heat wave they gave out fans to all the poor people who couldn't afford them. I recall one guy; he was so destitute there wasn't an ounce of food in his pantry. When they delivered his fan he was so grateful all he could say was 'God bless you.' Still he didn't have any food and starved to death, but at least his corpse didn't stink since he had a fan."
J gave her a skeptical blue stare knowing she wasn't even in Houston last summer.
Meanwhile, getting back to the plot, they had a criminal mastermind who, with the aid of some less-than-bright accomplices, was using advanced science to terrorize a community. So far it was nothing new, Sister Sludge having done the same thing six weeks earlier. The next part however required a leap of faith-but what the heck, it was Easter-namely, the identity of the evil genius behind the Aeolian assassins? The answer to J seemed obvious as, harkening back to the first Out of Texas book, there was only person with the skills, resources, and all-around villainy to pull off such a feat. In other words, it had to be- 
The erstwhile Licensed State Hero stopped in his tracks.
"Lost your train of thought, didn't you?"
Abruptly J fell to his knees, crying "Aaagh!" as a string of Black Cat firecrackers went off inside his skull. "Damn Justin Time! I hope he-" The epitaph died as he clamped both hands to his head. Josie took J's bandana, dipped it in the stream, and pressed the cool cloth to his brow. There was nothing else to do but wait for the spasm to pass. (Although Jo wondered if J's precious princess would have lowered herself to crawling around a rocky creek bed on his behalf.) Finally the pain subsided and, with a great effort, J pulled himself together. 
"Look," he started over, pretending nothing happened, "Al mentioned a white dwarf, right? Dwarf mastermind, advanced technology, thug assistants..." He paused to study the jagged scar spanning his forearm. "Put 'em together 'n ya got-"
"A hole in the ground."
"Huh?"
"Over there," Jo pointed; "a small opening by those rocks." 
Sure enough, there it was. Not large, but large enough. J lay on his stomach and examined the narrow gap, noting how the dirt had been blown outward and to the side. Josie got down on her elbows, head touching his as she too peered into the hole.
"Looks like it goes down." 
J, with a sideways look, thanked her for pointing out the obvious. Then, relying on an invisible set of whiskers to tell him it was wide enough, he stuck his head and shoulders into the opening.
"Are you crazy?" Jo howled. "You're not going in there!"
"Well, yeah," he called back, displaying a no-big-deal fatalism. "I mean, ya can't make an omelet skin deep."
He didn't attribute the quote to Sam Houston nor did she didn't bother to correct him. What she did do was plant her feet on either side and drag him out by the waist of his cut-offs. "In case you've forgotten, you have a match tonight in Houston. Isn't it enough to be suffering migraines without tiring yourself out spelunking? Please, J," she pleaded, "let the constables handle it. For all we know this could be just a rabbit hole."
J looked at her long and hard. All he said was, "If you of all people wouldn't believe me, what makes you think the cops would?" Seeing as she didn't have an answer to his perfectly enunciated enquiry, he rolled onto his belly and disappeared down the opening.

With one hand clutching the heel of J's sneaker, little Josie wiggled along on her tummy, fatalistically following her man down the rabbit hole. Still there are times when following can be a good thing, in that the early bird may get the worm but it's the second mouse that gets the cheese.
"By the way, did I mention I'm claustrophobic?"
Small as they were, it was a tight squeeze nonetheless. A short way in however, the hole widened into a descending crawlspace where they scooted along Chuck Berry style. After a minute of walking like Groucho, they found they could stand upright. Diffused light, crystal formations, and the sound of trickling water suggested this was another of Boerne's many undeveloped caves.
Relieved at the more spacious surroundings, Josie turned her back to J, pulled off her t-shirt and told him not to look. J looked anyway and, despite his weak eyesight, picked out seven dots near her scapula. "Whut's that on yer shoulder?" 
Josie rolled her eyes, annoyed that he could have ogled her on the rock but instead chose to peek when told not to. "Thor's Hammer," she told him. "It's a birthmark."
To J it looked like the seven stars of Pleiades. "How long ya had it?"
Reluctant to answer questions, she hurriedly shook the dirt from her shirt and slipped it back on. Her ankh pendant dangled outside the garment and she reached to put it back in. 
"Wuzn't Thor a Vikin'?" asked J, puzzlement plaguing his predominantly placid puss. "I always figured ya to be Eastern." 
"I'm a mixed breed," she said simply, hoping it would settle the issue.
Confusion continued to cloud J's countenance. The images were all there. Cramped caves. Norse and Egyptian symbols. The West Texas burial chamber of the Viking Mummy from Outer Space where he'd gotten his mosquito bite. Only he couldn't connect the dots. Justin Time's mental onslaught and the explosion at the coliseum had done their damage. Giving his little companion one more look, and resisting an impulse to say "Yer cute," he instead asked if she had any idea what cave system they were in.
"Galindo Caverns," she answered, happy to change the subject. "They were discovered when Sarpolis Blade Works wanted to put a warehouse next-door to the Hitchcock Dildo Factory. When the surveyors turned up the formations below the plan had to be abandoned. We covered it in one of my law courses at UH."
"Really?"
"There's more. From the way the entry widened rapidly once we got inside I'd say it was deliberately sealed off to keep it secret. I wouldn't surprise me if this isn't one of those military caves used in World War II."
This last bit of information was out of J's league. "Whut military caves?" he asked.
"Good grief," she snapped, "any schoolchild knows how after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, someone had the idea to attach incendiary bombs to bats and release them over Axis bases."
"Yer makin' this up."
"I am not! The plan was for them to fly into enemy buildings and start fires. So the Navy leased some caves in Texas and stationed a detachment until 1944 when the project was abandoned." 
"Holy Bat-talions, Josie! Ya mean a rogue band of insect-eaters is behind this?"
Josie let out a long breath. "No, J." She spoke as one would to a backward child. "I'm saying someone stumbled on this cave, took what equipment the military left behind, and set up a base of operations." 
"Wow," J looked at her in wonder. "Yer really amazin' sometimes."
The compliment took her off guard-so much that she turned her back to him, her shoulders shaking as she mouthed words too soft to hear. 
"Uh, Jo?"
"I'm okay," she snapped testily, fighting to gain control. "Just give me a minute."
J shrugged. Must be the claustrophobia, he told himself as he took her hand and led her down the passageway.

Cave exploration can be fun if you know what you're doing. They didn't. "Are we there yet?" Jo whined, the delicate formations doing nothing to impress her. It was after what had to be J's umpteenth warning about the sloping surface, that she placed her tiny fists on her undersized hips and turned angrily on him. "Look, J, I'm not entirely helpless. I can-Yiiii!!" She latched onto his arm and they plunged down the slippery decline, straight for a cascading chasm, Josie's screams echoing into the recesses of eternity. 
"Hush," J stayed their fall by spreading his feet and catching them on a couple of stalagmites. "You'll wake th' dead."
J had an iron grip on her wrist. Jo's feet dangled over a crevice. Far below, she heard the sound of a rushing watery abyss. 
"Any deeper," she rubbed her rear end gingerly, "and we can tap them on the shoulder." Then she nodded a silent thank you in his direction.
J pulled her to her feet and their eyes locked; his like Siamese blue marbles and hers like large multifaceted jewels. Something in the touch of her fine-boned hand on his shoulder sent his mind scurrying back to another time and place, and her delicate plain-featured face beckoned from across the ages. Only then his body was racked by an intense itching sensation and he let go, looking away with a shudder. 
"Sorry." He apologized unconvincingly. "Headache." She started to say something but he shushed her. "Wait. There's sumthin' glowin' up ahead."
"The fires of hell most likely," she shot back, having heard on good authority the netherworld and the abyss are never fully satisfied. It was a relief to both when it wound up being just another mineral pool, embedded particles accounting for its glow. Still it was creepy how the luminescence cast otherworldly shadows across the already weird formations.
"Not th' sorta place ya wanna be alone in, right, Jo?" 
No one answered. 
"Uh, Jo? Jo!"
"Over here," she called from an adjoining chamber, "there's the answer to your mystery;" and pointed to a bunch of cardboard boxes with shipping labels on the sides.
"Whut d'ya mean?"
Josie hopped atop one of the boxes, expecting to sit on its lid. The box turned out to be only partly full and she fell in, arms and legs flailing like a dying insect. J hauled her out, bringing with her sundry items of an adult nature. Josie stared at the object in her hand. "What kind of a belt is this?" she asked, innocently placing it against her waistline. "It's too low and-" J coughed, pointing to the attachment in front. "Oh," she said quietly, "never mind," and set about examining the remaining contents. 
"Hey, my aunt had one of these; never did know what it was for." She held up the object, studying it from several angles. "Did I tell you she worked in a brothel? It was five years before she found out the other girls were getting paid. Later she became a secretary. The boss even gave her a mink coat. Didn't keep her warm, but it did keep her quiet."
"Um, ya wuz sayin'-bout th' mystery?"
"It's an underground mail-order business, selling stuff stolen from the Dildo Factory on the black market. Ooh, look! Franklin berries!"
"Whut's that?"
"An indigenous herb used in aromatic wreaths to boost one's erotic experience." 
J shook his head. "Never heard of it."
"You never heard of a wreath a' Franklin?" She checked out the next box: life-size inflatable models with special love ointment-the Salve Adore Dolly. "Actually this is the Dildo Factory's distribution center. Their business offices are in Johnson City."
"How izzit ya know so much about this stuff?"
"Oh," Josie went on poking through boxes, "it all ties in with TBU."
"A college is behind this?"
"No, silly; Texas Bikini Underwear. My aunt worked there, filing their briefs."
"So Hitchcock Dildo...an' Sarpolis Blade...are subsidiaries of TBU?"
"You got it. Hmm, I'm surprised there's no rhinoceros horn in here."
"Aw, that stuff duzn't work." 
"And how would you know?"
"M'uncle tried it once; nearly killed himself chargin' a Range Rover."
"Cal DeSac must've stumbled on their operation so they offed him."
"With a tornado?"
"Maybe as an amateur horologist he noticed something funny about Freberg's watch."
"Whut duz scary movies hafta do with tornados?"
"Skip it. The point is you've got a sophisticated set-up here."
"Ah-hah! I knew it wuz him! He's broken outta prison 'n now-"
Josie held up a finger. "Ssssh," she tensed. "Did you hear that?"
He did-the sound of someone moving-and signaled her to follow. 

It wasn't easy being Josie. Bad enough to be small, plain, and possess a pre-teen look that bordered on illegal; worse still to have no color to drain from your face when you needed it. Had there been, the gaunt-faced grappler would see how frightened she was as she followed, reluctant and scared, knowing for sure they were about to enter someone's soul kitchen. Some say Hell isn't an actual place of torment but a self-willed exile from the presence of God. And such notions are well and good on a tranquil summer's eve. It's different when feeling your way through a dark cave after several sleepless nights of horrific events. Given the proper conditions almost anyone can fall prey to primal fears. And Josie, whatever else she was, had a touch of the primal about her. Yet despite her fear, she maintained confidence in J as the scrappy fighter who'd never let her down; therefore she held firmly to her feral companion's arm as he led her ever closer to what lay ahead. The lean tendons felt like rebar and she felt reassurance at the raw strength therein. Noiselessly they crept, deeper and deeper into the rock-lined chamber. Josie swallowed hard, her knuckles whiter-than-white as he walked on down the hall. 
And he came to a door.
And he looked inside. 
A tall high-back chair, its occupant hidden from view, presented itself.
"Ssssh," J put a finger to his lips. "Be very, very quiet."
Slowly he advanced upon the chair until he stood directly behind it. Placing a hand on the backrest, he spun it around to face him. 
"Well, well," the gaunt-faced grappler gloated in triumph. "Whut's up, Doc?"
While from the chair, a rabbit looked him straight in the eye, saying, "That's supposed to be my line."

Part Five:
The Changeling
Talk about weird scenes inside the gold mine! Upon regaining consciousness, J found himself shackled to the cave wall alongside Josie. He recalled being stunned, figuratively and literally, when the rabbit touched him-after which things went black. The rabbit itself was back in its chair, hunched over a rickety card table piled with decades-old army apparatus. All this time J had suspected Doc Quack, the albino dwarf creator of A-bear, as the mastermind behind this operation. Instead it resembled the movie Robot Monster, only the rabbit wasn't wearing a diving helmet.
J glanced at Jo. She gave him a weak smile. The cuffs were connected by two feet of chain slung over a hook in the rock ceiling. "Jo," he whispered. "Whutever ya do, stay calm. We gotta stick together."
"Right," she replied, looking to either side. "Glad I wore my deodorant this morning."
"Hello," Rabbit Monster swiveled to face them, loose bits of equipment tumbling from the table to the floor. "Sorry I can't offer you anything. I'm all out of goodies."
Just stay calm, J told himself. Just stay calm and-
"Oh please, Mr Rabbit," Josie blurt out, "it was all J's idea! He's the one who insisted on crawling down and-"
"Silence, female!" Rabbit Monster took a riding crop from the table and struck the chair a resounding thwack. "Now, just for the record, you may call me Mein Herr." He really did look like a cartoon character-large ears, big feet, gray fur, and white gloves; the only thing out-of-place being the Maltese armband on its bicep. 
"Your hair, my hair. Just let us go and you can kill all the people you want."
"I didn't kill anybody. Cal DeSac had a heart attack. I was only trying to prevent his exposing my operation."
"Well then, no harm done. Unhook our shackles and we'll call it even."
"Silence!" Thwack!
"Yes, sir," Jo snapped to attention. "You got it. Silence."
Mein Herr rolled his eyes, turning his attention to J. "You're that wrestler, right?"
The gaunt-faced grappler said nothing. He was waiting for the giraffe to drop in, after which they'd have a tea party and a game of poker.
The rabbit stepped closer, riding crop nestled in his arm. "I said?-"
"You need to speak into his good ear," Josie gestured. "He's hard of hearing on that side. A villain named 5:15 attacked him with a souped-up guitar and he had to stuff wax in his ears to defeat him only since then he's been-"
"All right already!" Herr shouted, and went to J's other side.
J looked down at him. Except for its ears, the rabbit was a few inches shorter him. "I heard ya th' first time. I'm just waitin' to wake up."
"What do you mean, wake up?"
"Th' way I figure, I'm still sleepin' on a rock by th' stream. I mean, c'mon: an animal physicist named Mein Herr?"
"You were expecting Niels Boar?"
J shrugged. "I'd of settled fer Owl-bert Einstein. Only how'd ya git this way?"
"Oh, that. After my body was reduced to microwaves, it mixed with the TV signal from the coliseum and, after passing through a cartoon show, popped out of a satellite dish."
All this had a familiar ring to it.
"Wait a min'it, Mine Shaft."
"It's Herr. Mein Herr."
"Ya say yer body wuz turned into microwaves?"
"Uh-huh," Herr's eyes bored into him. "When my sword hit a light fixture."
J scrunched his forehead. "When yer..."
"Oh-my-gosh!" Josie cried. "It's Whatsisname. From 'Remember the Aloe, Moe.' The guy in the robot suit!"
"My former name no longer matters. What matters is-"
"It just goes to show you never know who you'll run into. Just the other day I met a friend I hadn't seen in twenty years. I said, 'What have you been doing?' He said, 'Twenty years.' But this? Wow! It's surreal. Hmm, what was that name?"
"The name doesn't matter, dammit!"
"It must've been one of those fancy high resolution TVs. You know, the kind where you can tell it's a man inside the Godzilla costume."
"Do you mind?" Thwack! "I'm the villain here." Thwack! "I should get to do some of the talking." Herr's tirade lost some of its impact as he had to run back and forth to whack the chair with his riding crop. Still there was no reason to be uppity and J to let him know. 
"Now looky here, Mine Field-"
"It's Herr!" Herr shouted. "Mein Herr!"
"Not to be pedantic," Jo interrupted, "but technically hares don't live in holes. They build nests above ground. Rabbits are a separate species and they're the one's that-"
Herr raised his riding crop, not to strike but to get her to shut up. Turning back to J, he rubbed his temples, asking, "Does she always go on like that?"
J shrugged, implying it was Herr's fault for not gagging her also. 
"Right." Herr sighed, pinched the top of his nose, then said, "Excuse me, I think I need an aspirin," and retreated to another part of the cave. 
"Poor thing," said Jo, once he'd gone.
"Poor thing?" J echoed. "In case yer fergittin', it wuz Tunnel Bunny here who attacked ya at th' coliseum."
"I know," she conceded, "but how can you be angry with a bunny rabbit? And we are sort of responsible for his being this way."
Well! J frowned. If it wasn't just like a girl to feel sorry for a rat like that. Okay, he was a rabbit, but that was beside the point. Just what the point was he wasn't sure, but there had to be one somewhere. He looked around. The area was fairly ruined, although other parts of the cavern looked healthy; distant dripping sounds denoting rushing springs in an adjacent chamber. If Herr was smart, he'd open it to the public. Spelunkers would flock to see such a natural wonder. 
Josie was looking around also, although her mind seemed elsewhere.
"They say Hell is a bad place, but then everyone who goes there is a liar."
"Huh?"
"Or as Red Skelton observed, People in hell-where do they tell people to go?"
"Ya sure it wuzn't Sam Houston?"
"Positive."

"Now, where was I?" Herr asked upon returning.
"You were about to outline your fiendish plot," Jo told him.
"I was? Well, okay, only there's not much to tell. I set out to control the weather hoping to influence the outcome of sporting events, but all I could manage was a few small tornadoes. Still that's not bad considering it's been only a month since I started. Meanwhile I had to subsidize my operation by selling adult aids until I could get it off the ground."
"Off the ground," Jo snickered. "That's a good one."
Herr considered his captive critically. "Do I detect a note of sarcasm?"
"Not me," Josie backed off hastily. "I say nothing's impossible; although I never saw a worm fall over. But hey, science and technology? If not for the Wright Brothers they'd be showing movies on stagecoaches. I think it's admirable how you overcame adversity. Not like when I was a kid and we were so poor the tooth fairy left IOU's. Still I could never aspire to such lofty levels. Why, I'm so afraid of heights, when I sneeze people only say Gesund!" 
Herr looked like he was coming down with another headache. "Anything else?" he asked.
"Well," Jo went on, "after the fiendish plot comes the part where the villain does his maniacal gloating. You know: And do you think I'd allow myself to be defeated by some small-time shamus, some gnome-like gumshoe, some diminutive dick-"
"Jo!" J interjected.
"Sorry," she smiled sheepishly. "I got carried away."
J called to Herr's retreating figure: "If yer goin' fer aspirins, kin I git some too?"

J tried his shackles again. The chain held firm, the spike solidly embedded in the ceiling. There had to be something, only thinking was too much an effort. He watched Jo grab her chain above each wrist and swing her legs upward, pushing her feet against the spike. After a few tries she gave up.
"Jo?"
"Yes?"
"Whut're ya doin'?"
"I'm keeping him distracted while you figure a way out."
"Oh. Fer a min'it there I thought-"
"What? First you think I'm loose and now you think I'm loony?"
"I didn't say-"
"That creep chased me across town, threw me into a wall, attacked me with a sword, took part in a plot to take over a city, and now wants to manipulate weather patterns for personal gain while corrupting morals through the sale of contraband goods. And you think I'd chummy up to the guy? How low is your opinion of me?"
"Jo, I never meant-"
"Hush. He's coming back. Now get us out of here!" 

J watched the killer re-enter the chamber. Even if Cal DeSac's death had been unintentional, he was still just as dead; and Herr still just as dangerous. He'd shown his capacity for violence in their first encounter-and he did sic a tornado on them. 
Evil wears many disguises, usually to hide its cowardice, while the fact it existed at all was a clear sign of its stupidity. 
Perhaps all it needed was a little goading.
"Ya know, Herr," J began, "I can't believe yer th' same clown I beat with a bath towel."
"Clown?" The rabbit reddened. "I'm a trained combat specialist!"
"No way!" J scoffed. "That klutz musta had relatives at th' Power Company hiring office." 
"Oh, a klutz, am I?"
The rabbit hopped atop his chair and unhooked J's cuffed wrists from the ceiling. He then produced two flashlights. He clicked the button on one and a solid beam of light several feet long shot out. He tossed the other at J's feet.
J bent to pick it up. "No tricks now."
The rabbit shook his head. "Tricks are for kids." 

"Good luck," called Jo, as they circled the cave floor. Herr made an exploratory swipe with his weapon while J dodged to one side, anxiously trying to work the mechanism.
"What's wrong?" Herr flicked off his weapon. "Doesn't yours work?"
J tried tapping it but still nothing happened.
"Here," Herr offered, "take mine."
J caught that weapon and tossed Herr the other. It no sooner landed in Herr's gloved hand than the energy beam shot forth. "Seems fine to me," he shrugged.
J tried the weapon that had been Herr's-and still nothing happened. Finally the rabbit burst out laughing. "You idiot," he spread his hands. "The power isn't in the weapon. It's in me: microwaves I generate from within." 
This explained how Herr first knocked J out with just a touch.
"I thought ya said no tricks."
"Not to be pedantic," Herr tossed a mocking glance in Josie's direction, "but technically I didn't trick you. If you recall our first meeting, I had a sword and you didn't." Without another word, Herr attacked. 
"Ya rat!" J threw the useless cylinder at the rampaging rabbit. Truth be told, he wouldn't have fared any better had the device worked as he hadn't any fencing skills-other than sitting on them. Herr ducked the throw and J wrapped his manacle chain around Herr's throat. Herr touched the chain and a blinding discharge sent J flying. He lay there trying to clear his head, when a timely scream from Jo warned him of an on-coming blow. He rolled to his feet as Herr's off-balance thrust plowed a furrow of dust.
"J!" whispered Jo. "You have to fight back."
"How?" J had his back to her, watching as Herr readied for another assault. "I can't even touch him."
"It's his gloves!" Jo warned. "They must be wired to channel microwave energy to his hands. Just don't let him touch you with them!"
The lasering lepus came again. J side-stepped, stuck out a foot and tripped him to the floor. "Izzat all ya got?" he taunted, leading him away from Josie, back to the room with the contraband porno paraphernalia. 
J leaped atop a cardboard box, nimbly avoiding Herr's sideswipe-"Hah! Just like Errol Flynn!"-and climbed to the top of the stack. Herr tried following, but his cartoon anatomy left him unable to scale the first box. J came down and offered to help. "Here." He cupped his hands. "I'll give ya a boost." Herr thanked him, mounted the box, and then turned seven shades of purple-Aaaarrrgh!-realizing he'd been snookered.
A sideways slash, deflected by an elbow, tore one of the boxes, spilling a slew of magazines. "Gosh." J picked one up. "Would ya look at her?"
"Wow!" Herr took the magazine from him. "How can anyone be so flexible?" He flipped the page. "And look at this one. Now that's-Aaaarrrgh!" 
A downward gash, stopped by a cross-wrist block, sent Herr's sword-ray though a crate of dildos. Herr aimed for J's head and J snatched a fourteen-incher from the floor, holding it between his shackled hands to block the blow. The energy beam struck the rubber appendage but did not penetrate it. Using the dildo, J forced the crazed cottontail against the wall, and with a swift parry, knocked the sword from Herr's grasp.
"You think I'm unarmed?" Herr held up his gloved hands. "I'll show you who's-"
J swung a chained-wrapped fist, shutting Herr up with a steely whack to the jaw.

"Hi J," Jo called out. "I knew you'd beat him."
"Thanks." He wrapped his arms around her legs, lifting her so she could unhook herself from the ceiling. With his face pressed against her flesh, she smelled like-
"Um, you can put me down now."
"Ah, right." He set her down and once again their eyes locked.
"How'd you do it?" she asked, admiringly.
J held out the dildo. "Well," he began, somewhat embarrassed.
Jo took it from him and held it to the ceiling. "Once again proving," she nodded sagely, "the penis mightier than the sword."

A search of Herr's worktable turned up the key to unlock their manacles, along with a dozen pocket watches. "Okay," Jo snatched one. "If we hurry we can just make it."
"Um, whut about...?" J pointed.
She still clutched the rubber dildo in her other hand. "I, uh, thought I'd hang onto it; you know, for a souvenir."
"Aaaarrrgh!"
"Oh God," they moaned; "not again."
The berserk bunny charged down the corridor, the tip of his microwave sword blue-white in intensity. J pushed Jo aside, ducking Herr's blow with an upraised forearm. He grabbed the furry wrist above the glove and bent it backward, expecting Herr to release the weapon.
He didn't.
Instead the energy beam pierced the cave wall, releasing water from the subterranean spring in the adjoining chamber and flooding the cavern with a deluge of sufficient force to sweep everyone with it.

Part Six:
Back Door Man
Back in the 1920's, Wayne Munn terrorized the ring with a new hold, a vertical bodyslam that left his opponents stunned and helpless. While the move has long since fallen into common use, critics at the time said it signaled the end of the sport. They said it again when Midget Fischer introduced the piledriver, Duke Keomuka brought in the stomach claw, and Jake Roberts took a front-facelock from Mexico and dressed it up as the DDT. Which only goes to show critics can always find something to complain about. And yet wrestling goes on-old as Jacob and young as the next guy to try it-in a constant striving for recognition and acceptance, where the arena is life and falls count anywhere.

"So you're saying, when the water flooded the cavern, you grabbed an inflatable sex doll and floated to safety."
J nodded, casually nibbling at a nail.
"Eventually surfacing at the San Antonio River Walk."
Again J nodded. He wasn't so much biting his nails as licking them.
"Where you put Josie on a bus before hurrying here for the matches."
J looked up, "She looked tired," and went back to his grooming.
Raas didn't look like he was buying a word of it. Admittedly there were holes in the runt's story, but then it was about a cavern. As for the question of how J could have gone from San Antonio to Houston in less than forty minutes, well... 
"You know, they make emery boards for that."
"That's okay. This works fine."
"And the last you heard of Mein Herr was his voice fading in the distance."
"Ya could say it wuz a recedin' Herr line." 
Raas didn't laugh. 
"Sorry," J apologized, and handed him a glass jar. "Brung ya some jelly." It was mayhaw, the kind they sell along the roadside. Raas accepted the jar, not bothering to ask how the kid had found time to buy it. 
Gordon Paul came in, followed by Plan B. He stopped abruptly, seeing the runt in his office. If disappointed, he hid it well. "Nothing for me?" he asked, sitting down. 
"Yeah. I got ya some-"
"Ye-ouch!"
"Pine cones."
Gordon, howling in pain, bent over the desk while the hitherto impassive Plan B pried the prickly pinecones from the promoter's perforated posterior. Just as quickly, they recalled the others in the room and, straightening hastily, resumed their former positions. 
"Yes, well," Gordon coughed, busying himself with some papers.
"Don't y'wanna call Mrs Paul?" asked J. "Tell her about her friend in Boerne?"
Raas took the runt by the arm and swiftly ushered him out. "Tell you later," he whispered, as Gordon stared icicles at the door.

The coliseum parking lot filled rapidly as people arrived for the sold-out show. J watched from an upper window, confident it'd be hours before Jo's bus arrived from San Antonio. Uh-huh, he smiled smugly, the odds of her showing up are...
...not as far-fetched as he thought, because next he knew she bounced into the room, dancing and singing an old Soupy Sales song: "Hey, do-o-o the Mouse, yeah!"
J almost blinked, so complete was his amazement. 
"Sorry," Jo lowered her hands. "Saw it on a video." 
"How th' heck did ya git here so early?"
She waved dismissively, "The wind was with us;" then corrected herself. "I meant the lights." 
In fact, the lights were so favorable she'd brought along an armload of souvenir j-shirts to sell. She'd even stopped for refreshments, as evidenced by the reddish smudge on her chin. At J's prompting, she wiped the spot with a finger and put it to her mouth. J felt his stomach go queasy, watching this raven-haired creature of the night go "mmm" while her eyes closed in ecstasy. "Aw, give me a break," she sighed, catching his look. "It's tomato juice."
And likely it was. Still J felt an urgent need to get out and mingle, so he offered to show her what goes on backstage at a major wrestling event. Josie, though, had one last request; and the longing in her eyes indicated she wouldn't take "No" for an answer. Thus it transpired, as Jon Raas passed one of the offices, he heard voices from inside. Curious, he put his ear to the door and listened.
"Come on; take it out so I can see it."
"S'pose we git caught?"
"Aw, please! Just a quickie."
"Well, okay, but-"
"Whoa! My gosh; it's enormous!"
Whereupon the morally upright Okie burst into the room-to find J-man showing Josie the championship belt Gordon had placed there for safekeeping. 
"Oh, uh..."
"Yes?"
"Nothing," Raas managed, "just checking," and closed the door. 
"He must've been to the beach," Jo observed. "His face was awful sunburned."
"Actually," J began, "he thought-"
"Good grief," Jo caught his drift, "does everyone think I'm a slut?"
J assured her they didn't, wisely omitting most people thought she was a guy. Instead he led her round the corner where referee Mark Shooter was peering through the curtain. "Have you seen the crowd out there?" he marveled.
"Oh?" asked J. "How many ya count?"
"Let's see," said the referee, "one...two...three;" then stopped.
"Go on."
"There's more?"
Raas meanwhile, still roving back and forth, stopped and turned. "Oh, J, wait up." It was an odd thing to say considering J-man wasn't going anywhere. "Let me see," Raas flipped the pages of his clipboard. "Ah, here: In recognition of all you've done, the fans got together and decided to give you a ten-minute head start. Sorry, just joking. Gordon has ordered, out of respect for the time-honored traditions of the game, you wear a regulation singlet tonight instead of those denim cutoffs."
J said he'd borrow one from El 7, and asked if Josie could hang around. 
"Hmm," Raas tapped his pencil against the clipboard, "we tend to frown on that sort of thing," implying there might be hanky-panky involved.
Josie was about to take umbrage when J jumped to her defense. "Aw, give her a break, Raas. Can't ya see how shrunk she is from all her immoral activity?"

That business settled, J played tour guide, explaining how backstage was divided into four sections: the good guy (face) locker room, the bad guy (heel) locker room, a break room with vending machines, and a common area from which they could watch the broadcast. The subject of locker rooms prompted Jo to ask which one J used since, as she put it, "You're not exactly a bad guy, even if the fans do boo you." The runty rudo reluctantly revealed that Gordon assigned him a room of his own, away from the others. Such star treatment so impressed Josie she asked to see it; only J shook his head, saying it was against the rules to have girls in the dressing rooms. He didn't bother to mention the room was dark and crowded, nor did he bring up the fact he had to share it with a mop bucket.
"Who's that?" Jo pointed to a huge guy grabbing a coffee in the break room.
"That's Bull Roberts, th' guy I'm fightin' tonight."
"Are you kidding?" Jo cringed. "He's like a Mac truck in tights!" Which was a bit of an exaggeration, Bull's body more resembling a single oversized muscle.
"Aw, he ain't so tuff. So whut if he jogged home after his vasectomy?"
Josie buried her head in her hands while Bull Roberts, seeing them, bashed his head into the wall, leaving a hole in the plaster. 
"He should lay off th' caffeine though," J added.
"Why don't you introduce me?" Jo suggested. "I'll offer him a t-shirt. Maybe get on his good side."
J didn't think Bull had a good side, but he agreed to try. "Hey, Bull," he called out, "this is my friend Jo. She sez yer like a dump truck in fights."
Bull threw down his coffee and, with a murderous growl, ripped a metal water fountain from the wall and tossed it the length of the hall. It bounced along the corridor, banging and clanging as the backstage crew dove out of its path. Bull then turned and stormed off, leaving J and Jo to exchange glances as spray from the ruptured plumbing formed a puddle around their sneakers.
"Not exactly one for conversation, is he?" she noted semi-dryly, as a good-looking fellow with dark blonde hair walked up. "Ooh," Jo gushed. "Who's he?"
It was Terry "the Riot" Theriot. He suffered an injury in a first-round loss to Bull and was filling in as Raas' assistant while he rehabbed. The Riot took one look at the damage.
"Bull?" he asked.
"Bull," J nodded.
Jo couldn't take her eyes off him. "Dreamy," she sighed, rapturously.
The Riot, who had taken no notice of Jo, took one look at J's tiny short-haired companion and the color drained from his face. "Oh, gosh no," he backed away uncomfortably. "I don't-I mean, I'm not-Uh, I got to go." And he made his way quickly down the hall.
"What was that all about?" asked Jo, totally baffled; only J didn't have the heart to tell her.

As noted, Jon Raas was a man of great integrity and felt responsible for keeping the wrestlers on a proper moral footing. Given the temptations of fame and the inevitable proliferation of ring rats, he arranged for a priest to be backstage at every STW event, trusting the presence of a man of the cloth would serve to deter to any questionable activity. It was following the water cooler incident that J and Jo bumped into Father Bacon.
"Hey Father," J greeted him.
"Hello son." The elderly priest placed a kind hand on their shoulders. "Shouldn't you boys be sitting with your folks rather than roaming back here?"
J watched horrified as an indignant Josie went to take a chomp out of the priest's hand.
"Father!" J pulled him aside; "kin ya take my confession?"
"What? Here? Now?"
"We kin use my dressin' room. Careful, don't step in th' mop bucket."
Twenty minutes later Father Bacon emerged from J's room, a look of utmost bafflement on his face. Not to mention the strands of mop hair clinging to his jacket.
"How'd it go?" asked Jo.
"I lost him on th' part about Time bein' a fruit salad."
"Did you tell him about Santa Claus?"
"He said: Well, just so long as you didn't harm the Easter Bunny."
"You didn't-?"
J shook his head and went back to the broom closet, saying he had to do some Hail Mary's. He closed the door and Josie went out to hawk her j-shirts.

At fifteen minutes to match time Raas went to Gordon's private room, arriving as Gordon got off the phone. Plan B was there, standing next to the Fujiwara armoire. 
"More calls to Japan?" asked Raas.
"That was the City Athletic Commissioner," Gordon explained. "They're staging boxing matches across town. The marquee should have read Boxing only someone substituted an R for the X."
"Gee Gordon, who could've done that?"
"I don't know, but if it was one of my guys..." His voice trailed off as the gaunt-faced grappler passed by on his way to the locker room. Gordon eyed him suspiciously, but then shook his head. "Nah. He would've left off the G."
"There's one other thing," Raas started, "only I'm not sure what to make of it. One of the janitors went to clean a water spill in the hallway and claims he heard a mop praying in the closet."
Gordon took the news with admirable restraint. He simply pounded his head against the desk blotter until it felt better.
They arrived backstage as Josie returned from the foyer. "Hello, Mr Paul," she greeted politely, holding up one of her Get J'd shirts. "Care to buy a t-shirt of the next STW champion?"
Plan B reached out to finger the multi-hued material and Gordon slapped his hand away. "I already have one," he told her, opening his shirt Clark Kent style and revealing the Bull Roberts shirt beneath.
"Good grief," she watched them walk away, "Does everyone have a damn shirt?" Then she called after him. "They're also handy for wiping ink stains off your forehead!"

Five minutes before bell time, Gordon gathered his wrestlers. Reminding them how the first-round tournament had run over, causing him to pay for additional air time, he urged them to make tonight's matches fast-paced and stay within the allotted time slot. Then he left for the announce table while J, Jo, and the others settled in to watch the TV monitor. 
"Ah, yes," Raas addressed the camera, "here we are, match time, and the fans are out. Which reminds me, Gordon, have you ever considered air-conditioning this dump?" 
Gordon told him to shut up and things got underway.
Backstage Jo helped J tape his still-injured hand. "I hope you've no plans of disappearing before your fight."
"Not me," J assured her. "I'm stayin' right here till they page me."
He no sooner said it than Terry Theriot burst in, yelling, "Anybody seen El 7? He's facing Cliff Carrot in the opener and we can't find him anywhere."
The runty rudo's face fell, "Uh-oh," as he stuffed the roll of tape down his singlet and ran for the door.
"I thought you were going to stay put," Jo reminded.
"Um, I gotta use th' restroom."
The announcer finished his introduction, "...from Parts Unknown, at a weight of 52 kilos," as the enmascardo blanco raced to the ring. El 7, in a gesture of sportsmanship, held out his hand and, when Double C accepted, clamped down with his other hand, bringing Carrot's arm overhead and trapping him in a wristlock. 7 back-tripped him to the mat and-
"Wow!" Raas enthused, "a tap-out submission in exactly seven seconds!"
"He could've waited till I got my headset adjusted," Gordon grumbled.
"Well, you told the guys to hurry it up."
Josie greeted J as he returned to the viewing area. "Want me to finish taping your fist?"
"Sure," J dug into his singlet and pulled out something white and with eyeholes-"Oops!"-which he immediately stuffed back in. "Uh, excuse me."
"Now where are going?"
"I gotta use th' bathroom again."
On his return, two men were waiting. One wore a suit and the other a smock. "City Athletic Commission," Mr Suit flashed a badge, "testing for illegal steroid use."
"Yer kiddin'," the disbelieving runt indicated his anything-but-sizable physique.
Only they weren't; it being their way of getting back for the boxing marquee incident. Mr Smock handed him a plastic cup. "Give me a urine sample," he said pejoratively.
J took the cup and, with a weary expression, headed back to the restroom. 
"Maybe you should let me do it," Jo offered. "You're pretty drained by now."

Part Seven:
Horse Latitudes
If it had been the gaunt-faced grappler's plan to relax a couple of hours before his fight, that turned out not to be the case. Heeding Gordon's words, the matches advanced quickly, everyone going for swift submissions rather than extensive grappling. 
"I guess they're following El 7's example," Josie noted, watching the monitor as Dyer Makir scored a twenty-second victory over Van Koover using an armbar. 
"But I wuzn't tryin' to-" J began.
"Trying to what?" Jo questioned.
"Oh, nuthin'," J shrugged resignedly.
BT Spider got the one-two-three in 1:23 over Sir Realistic Pillow with a Bombs Away, followed by Steven Weasel besting Barry the Hatchet with a butterfly suplex in 1:34. 
"Did I miss anything?" asked Jo, having gone to microwave some popcorn. 
"Only two," J told her. "Alien Fire scorched th' Aaronson's while Biker Holim wiped out Dave th' Plague."
"Hmm. I'd go for a soda only I'm afraid I'll miss the rest of the show."
Realizing things were going way too fast, Gordon Paul, following Eddie Philbert's tap out to Chris Joshua in 1:47, sent word for the guys to stretch it out a bit. Thus Professor Simon squashed the Great Fozo in 2:21 while Heinous Harvey, the Hungarian Hyena, hammered Steve Idol in 3:16 with the 4-H Club. 
"Shouldn't they be running more commercials?" asked Josie.
"I think they used 'em all."
Finally Justin Curable pinned Walter Ego in 4:01 with a brainbuster. And, as a result, they were down to the semi-final having presented less than half an hour of wrestling. 
"Good grief," Gordon groaned, "I booked a three-hour slot and we're down to the last two matches! What am I supposed to do to for the next two and a half hours?"
He had to do something quick as Raas was getting that I-know-let's-read-some-fan-mail look in his eyes. So to the amazement of everyone, Gordon announced a stand-by match: Cutie Pie 2 against Lady Anne de Tramp. It was an act of desperation as he despised women's matches. Cutie Pie 2 took advantage of her moment in the spotlight, scoring with an enzuigiri after escaping a Boston crab. It went all of 4:57.
"Oh well," Gordon threw his hands in the air, "we almost killed five minutes." 
The roly-poly Okie stole a glance at his wristwatch. Normally this was where he told the TV audience to stay tuned for KBFD's midnight movie, La Mujer Murceilago starring Maura Monti. Only the way things were going it'd probably end up airing at nine-thirty. 
"Perhaps this would be a good time to answer some viewer mail." And before Gordon could stop him: "Let's see, little Mark Fallas of Missouri City writes: Dear Mr Raas, My dad says your show is fake because there's no way a runt like J-man can beat guys two or three times his size. "
"Great, Raas; I need a tourniquet and you haul out the chainsaw."
"Now, Gordon, we owe it to our viewers to provide an explanation. And with that in mind I'd like to bring in my special guest, Professor Julius Kelp from the Manned Spacecraft Center. That's it, sir, just sit right down here at the desk."
"Ah, thank you very much," Professor Kelp acknowledged them.
"Who the hell is this buck-toothed doofus?" Gordon demanded.
Raas told Gordon to behave, then he addressed their guest. "Well, Professor, I see by your pen-pouch that you are a rocket scientist."
"Ah, yes; that is correct."
"In fact, I've been told you hold a PhD in physics."
"No, actually I keep it in a frame on my wall."
"Oh brother," Gordon rolled his eyes.
"And you're here to explain to all the little Marks in the audience how someone the size of J-man is able to defeat a much larger opponent."
Gordon drummed his fingers impatiently. "I wouldn't mind hearing that myself."
"Yes, Mr Raas," Professor Kelp nodded awkwardly; "and you too, Mr Paul. Well, ah, I assume, in this case, our little Mark is referring to J-man's signature move, the million dollar kneelift made famous by the legendary Mr Wrestling II-"
"El Santo utilized it as well," Raas, a stickler for accuracy, interjected.
"That is correct," the professor agreed, "although doubtless the principle could apply to any number of maneuvers. Now one can always make the argument that tendon strength is more important than muscle size and leverage more significant than power. Or one could take the philosophically minimalist approach that true strength lies not in building up but in paring down. Still we have to ask ourselves what it is that generates the power."
"Um, Professor," Raas cut in, "it's getting a bit deep. Could you simplify it a bit?"
"Oh, right. Well, ah, any schoolchild could tell you it's simply an application of the formula, F=ma."
"F=ma?" repeated Gordon, now interested.
"Yes, Mr Paul. Force equals mass times acceleration. Allow me to demonstrate. I have in my pen-pouch a six-inch plastic ruler. Not very big, right? Say this represents the runt."
"Okay."
"Now watch closely. If I bend the ruler backward by the tip..."
"Yes."
"And then let it go..."
Snap!
"Ouch!"
"Popping you on the nose..."
"You #%@*& idiot!"
"You'll see it's not the size of the object but rather the force of impact that accounts for-"
Unfortunately Professor Kelp didn't get to finish his demonstration as Gordon took the rocket scientist by the lapels of his lab coat and applied some forceful impact of his own. 
"Gee," said Raas, once he'd sat back down, "you could have given him his ruler back."
Gordon had a better idea. "Why don't I toss you after him and let you return it?"
Raas quietly set the ruler aside-he thought a better example would have been to drop a bowling ball on the promoter's toe-and remarked instead how Gordon might want to have the makeup lady retouch his nose as it was looking a little red there. Gordon told Raas exactly what he could retouch; the sound man reacting in time to switch his mike off.

The first of the double main event matches was Nate Cherboi vs Greg "the Lever" February, the victor to face either J-man or Bull Roberts for the championship title. Nate Cherboi, the odds-on favorite (or as Raas put it: "Better Nate than Lever"), had suffered an arm injury in his match with Ricky Rowboat and February immediately went to work on it. In the end Nate pulled out the victory, but the referee had to help him to the dressing room.
Jo, in her fly-on-the-wall fashion, nosed about the first aid area; then raced back to where the J'd Warrior was pacing back and forth, preparing to go to ring. 
"Did you hear? Nate broke his arm between the elbow and shoulder."
"Humerus?"
"No, quite painful. He won't be able to compete next week." 
"Rats, that's too bad; I wuz lookin' forward to-"
"J! It means whoever wins between you and Bull will be the champion!"
"Gee, I never thought of that."
"Well think about it now. And straighten out your singlet. You look like you dressed in a closet."
J adjusted his outfit. "I hear they're takin' bets."
"Kind of," Josie nodded.
"Win or lose?"
"Actually it's on whether you'll be face up or face down. But hey," Jo encouraged, "just remember the words of David when he faced Goliath: The Lord who saved me from lion and bear will also save me from that Philistine."
"Whut? There's a lion too?"
She shook her head. "Let's just go, okay?"

If you were looking for a single word to describe Bull Roberts the word would be thick. Young and robust, his tree trunk legs supported a broad two hundred and sixty pound torso stuffed into a college singlet. Another word would be intense, his style being high impact and relentless. And then there was his killer move, the Bull Shift, where he palmed his opponent's head like a basketball and slammed it into the mat. He'd scrambled any number of brain cells on his way to the top and would, no doubt, scramble many more before his career was over.
"Well, well," he entered the ring, "if it isn't the gaunt-faced goofball." From the look of it, Bull had spent the entire pre-match interval bashing his head through walls.
"Grappler," J corrected him. "Gaunt-faced grappler."
Bull ignored him, his words coming in hyperventilated bursts. "I just want you to know" Snort! "of the constant anticipation I've been feeling all week" Snort! Snort! "at the thought of squashing you like a bug!" Snort! Snort! Snort!
"What was that all about?" asked Jo, arriving ringside with an armload of j-shirts.
J shrugged. "He said he's been havin' constipation all week."
This made Jo feel better, to know Bull was human after all. The next bit of news wasn't so good as Gordon Paul got up from the announce table, saying he'd signed on as Bull Roberts' ringside manager. Raas was plainly disgusted at the depths to which the STW owner had sunk, still the show must go on, so he brought out Terry "the Riot" Theriot to help call the action.
"Well, Terry, welcome to our broadcast table. This should be an exciting match. Bull Roberts, as you know, possesses one of the most devastating moves in wrestling-"
"Bull Shift," the Riot nodded.
"Oh no," Raas put in hastily, "it's really brutal;" then lowered his voice to a whisper: "Um, Terry, we're on TV now so you need to watch your language."
The Riot nodded again and Raas picked up where he left off.
"While the runty rudo, wrestling's real wild child, with his signature running kneelift, can best be described as a hundred and fifteen pounds of never-say-die."
"I wouldn't say that, Mr Raas. Have you seen those shirts his boyfriend is selling?"
"Thank you, Terry. And here we go; this one's for all the marbles. There's a collar-and-elbow tie up. Bull tosses J-man out of ring...and into the lap of a ringside fan. The fan appears to take umbrage at the manner in which he landed as she's pummeling him with her purse..."
"That's for ruining my hat!"
"Prompting J's assistant to come to his aid... Causing the lady's husband to get involved..."
"Hey runt, tell your kid brother to stay out of this."
"Now J's assistant and the woman's husband are going at it..."
"Oh yeah? Well when people call me 'Bossy' it isn't a proper noun!"
"I don't know what was said, but J is trying to apologize..." 
"Uh, she didn't mean that crack about yer wife bein' a cow."
Pow!
"And there goes J-man back into the ring." 

Bull backed J to the corner and cocked a fist; but before he could make good, the J'd Warrior let fly a savage strike to the temple. Everyone startled at the unexpected speed of the blow and Gordon, pacing ringside, demanded the referee check J's taped fist.
"Nonsense," Raas chided, "your man walked right into it."
Bull, meanwhile, touched a hand to his forehead and, seeing red, sent J bouncing across the canvas. 
"Are you okay?" Jo jumped onto the ring apron.
The runty rudo had a confused look on his face. "Whut'd ya say?"
"Sorry," Jo apologized, "I forgot that's your bad ear," and slid to his other side.
"No-no-no," J spoke rapidly, confusion still on his face. "I mean," and a light lit his countenance, "I heard ya!" Then tilting his head to one side he dislodged a clump of wax from his ear. "Look, Jo, it musta been there all th' time, ever since that 5:15 episode! Praise God," he raised his hands skyward, "I kin hear!"
Except he didn't hear Bull Roberts come up behind him. Bull took him by the neck and-Bam!-rammed him into the turnbuckle. 
Again Josie came to his side. "Are you all right?"
"Huh?" J shook his head. "Whut'd ya say?"
She threw her hands into the air, "Oh, forget it," and walked off. "Don't worry, Mr Raas," she told the broadcast table. "J can beat this guy hands down."
More punches, and again the bony bantam battler went flying out of the ring.
"I thought you said J could beat him hands down," said Raas.
Josie shook her head-"Unfortunately Bull doesn't want to keep his hands down."-then fought her way to the third row where J's head was stuck in a folding chair. 
"M-m-messenger," he stammered, producing a crushed paper cup. "C-curry fer ya."
She got him to his feet and pointed him towards the ring. 
"Maybe you should let him hit you with his left for a while."
"Ya think that'll tire him out?"
"No, it's just your face is getting lopsided."
Quickly Bull knuckled open cuts over both of J's eyes.
"The kid had Bull down to one knee that time," Raas noted.
"Yeah," the Riot agreed; "checking to see if he was still breathing."
The bony bantam battler looked pretty much out of it as Bull propped him in the corner and, with Gordon yelling, "Yes! Yes!" dropped to a three-point stance and charged in like his namesake. The runty rudo stood there, a sure target, only to collapse in the instant Bull neared him. Gordon yelled "No! No!" as Bull sailed through the ropes and klang'd his head on the metal ring post; then teetered on the second rope until J dropkicked him the rest of the way to the floor. Bull, with an enraged howl, grabbed Raas' chair and crushed it to splinters. 
"Oh well," Raas shrugged. "It was an old chair anyway."
Bull tried to climb under the bottom rope, and J got him with a baseball slide to the face.
"The kid's not quick, he's sudden."
Sudden was right, as suddenly the fierce feral fighter had the upper hand. Reaching into his bag of tricks, a Three Stooges eye-poke found its target with blinding accuracy. Gordon got on the apron to complain. J tried a second eye-poke. Somehow it missed Bull and got Gordon instead.
"Uh-oh," Raas switched to auto-cliché mode, "there's a malfunction at the junction."
"Let me know when you want to do the one about a 'pier six brawl'."
"I will, Terry."
J glanced about and saw the giraffe sitting ringside with his walrus companion. He flashed them his j-signal-a closed fist with the little finger extended-leaving the man in desert camouflage and his pregnant wife to wonder what that was all about.
"Five letters. Two words. J-man."
"Actually, Mr Raas, that's four letters and a hyphen."
"Thank you, Terry. J steps back, drops a knee to the pre-frontal lobe."
"Five letters. Two words. Ai yai!"
"That's enough, Terry."
Enjoying himself far too much, J pestered Bull with the old Abe Jacobs kiwi leg roll-and when the larger man refused to budge, shrugged it off with a weak grin. 
"He's giving him no surcease whatsoever."
Sometimes however, too much playing allows the mouse to get away; just as angry bulls eventually recover from collisions with ring posts.
"When Bull Roberts graduated college, he had offers from three professional sports."
"Really, Mr Raas? I heard when he graduated third grade he nearly cut himself shaving."
J hit a bulldog headlock, plowing a wide furrow with his opponent's snoot. He went for a second, but Bull planted his feet and suplexed J overhead. As Bull went for the pin, Josie tugged the referee's leg to stop the count. Referee Mark Shooter looked at Josie, who spread her hands innocently and pointed to Gordon as the culprit.
"...as they go at it, sacrificing their bodies for the richest prize in the sport."
Bull applied a full nelson. J escaped with a sit-out.
"...one can't help but feel it's only a matter of time before Bull nails his move."
"Bull Shift," the Riot said enthusiastically.
"Now, Terry," Raas scolded, "I warned you about saying that."
Finally Bull hit his move, palming the J'd Warrior's head and slam dunking him to the mat. J's face exploded as his nose smashed the canvas.
"Bull Shift!" the Riot shouted.
"Dammit, Terry!" Raas lost it. "How many times do I have to tell you to watch your #%@#& language?"
J staggered to his feet, a crimson mask of mute nostril agony, only to flop on his face. 
"Bull moves in for the lateral press. We may have a-No sir!"
Jo grabbed J's foot and yanked him out from Bull's pin attempt. The referee gave her a scalding look while Gordon protested, but she simply stood with her hands behind her back and a Who me? expression on her face.
"What is she thinking?" Raas wondered. "The merciful thing would be to end it."
Again Bull spiked J to the mat. Again Jo interfered, this time draping J's leg over the bottom rope. And again Raas wondered what she hoped to gain by prolonging J's punishment. Bull too was furious. Snorting great jets of steam, he reached down, engulfed her tiny wrist, and jerked her to the apron. She screamed in pain as her arm was wrenched horribly.
Someway her cry penetrated the Anvil Chorus in J's brain. Blood-glazed eyes saw his elfin friend in the clutches of a snarling brute and an animal growl erupted from his throat. With energy born of anger, J sprang across the ring. Applying a claw-like pinch to the base of the neck, he forced Bull to let go Jo's wrist. As Jo fell free, J hurled Bull into the turnbuckle to pummel him with strikes and punches. It was all Bull could do to avoid the blows aimed at his head, knees, and shins. Finally the gaunt-faced grappler clenched his taped fist and swung it with all the power of his F=ma body behind it-and Bull Roberts fell, pole-axed, to the canvas. 
"Indeed!" yelled Raas, astonished at the ferocity of J's attack.
"Indeed, indeed," echoed the Riot, while Gordon Paul prowled ringside like an angry bear, screaming for Bull to get up. 
Only Bull didn't get up. Nor did J. His energy spent, he collapsed against the ropes, panting mightily. From one blurry eye he caught sight of Josie rubbing her shoulder. Meanwhile, Bull slowly rolled to his side. 
Gaining her feet, Josie lurched to the barricade, grabbing a soft drink from the guy in the camouflage shirt. She went to throw it but Gordon intercepted her, snatching the cup from her hand. "No you don't," Gordon told her. "You're not doing that again." Jo batted Gordon's arm and the icy soda went flying-into the ring-and into J's face.
Shocked back to consciousness, the fatigued fighter found his feet, shook the blood from his eyes, and forced himself to focus. Bull got to his knees, supporting himself with one hand. It was a perfect target. The J'd Warrior launched himself off the ropes, catching Bull with perhaps the most awesome kneelift of his career; then fell on top for the pin.

Part Eight:
The End
Mark Shooter raised J's hand in victory as he flashed his hand signal to the crowd. Some of them flashed back, this time using the correct finger. Even Bull Roberts shook his hand, albeit grudgingly, before stalking to the back. 
Blinded by blood and sweat, the triumphant Texan did not see Plan B enter the ring. From his robe the hooded hireling pulled a small round shield and bashed J over the head with it. "Oh-my-god!" Raas yelled as the cowl fell from Plan B's face. "It's the Great Malaki! He's banned in more places than most wrestlers have fought in."
All hell broke loose. Josie crawled to the ring apron and Malaki, placing thumb and forefinger to either side of his throat, blew a cloud of greenish mist into her face. Shoulder-hurt and blinded, she fell helpless to floor where she lay until the Riot carried her to the back. Meanwhile, the J'd Warrior was a sitting duck as Malaki braced him against the turnbuckle and delivered a vicious backhand to his already broken nose. As the gaunt-faced grappler collapsed in the corner, the kabuki-colored killer painted him with a second mouthful of mist. Then together he and Gordon Paul exited the ring.

The night's attendance of 12,550 meant a healthy gate for which everyone could be happy. The double main event and post-match commentary filled the allotted time slot without going over, and KBFD's midnight movie went on as advertised. 
Jon Raas closed the ledger, signed his resignation letter, and got up to leave. He'd had enough, seeing what was once called "human chess at its finest" deteriorate into a back-stabbing farce. 
"Raas!"
Let him yell, thought Raas, angry that the man could resort to this.
"Raas?"
Although it hadn't always been that way. Only in the nine months since the arrival of that curious courier had things had changed. 
"Dammit, Raas, where are you?"
Raas dropped the letter in the wastebasket. "What, Gordon?" he opened the door. 
A couple of puzzle pieces fluttered to the floor.
"There you are," Gordon lifted his head from the desk. "I need a pill."
"They're in your drawer."
"I know but I need something to wash it down."
Another puzzle piece fell from the ceiling, plunking Raas on the head.
"Fine. Be right back."
"You know, Raas, the son of Jesse thinks he won the belt, but that's not how it works. As Nate Cherboi is unable to continue in the tournament, I'm putting Malaki in his place, the match to take place next week." 
"Soda okay?"
"Make it milk. And don't slam the door."
Gordon closed his eyes to the dark. It felt good. The window was open, the cats in the alley silent. He felt a presence in the doorway and spoke without looking. "Is that you, you troubler of Israel?"
"Why, Gordon?" asked J.
Gordon opened his eyes, calm, smug, and savoring victory. "Because I'll never let STW become a laughing stock by crowning an undersized runt as its champion."
The gaunt-faced grappler was a mess. Face streaked red and green, he could barely support himself as he stood by, wheezing badly. "Even if I earned it?"
"You didn't earn nothing!" Gordon spat bitterly. "You crashed the party and tried to steal the host's girlfriend. Speaking of which," he leaned across the desk, "I hope your girlfriend learned a lesson tonight about interfering in matches. This isn't a business for amateurs, and as I understand it, she's a little green behind the ears." He exploded into a fit of laughter, blustery and biting as the north wind.
"It ain't over yet," J reminded him. "There's still one match to go." 
"Go to hell," said Gordon.
Now it was J-man's turn to laugh. "Been there." He managed a weak smile. "Been there and got the t-shirt."
He said it quietly in his soft Texas drawl, but there was fire in his eyes. And Gordon felt very uncomfortable, sweating even, realizing he was alone in his office with a being who came and went as he pleased and whom nobody even knew his name. Someone who, on their first meeting, had prompted him to say, "I thought y'all re-buried all the corpses." And Gordon found himself wishing Raas would hurry back with his milk.
Only then the cats in the alley began to meow, and as they did the fire in J's eyes subsided. "Next week," he nodded, turning to go; and Gordon breathed a silent sigh of relief. 
J-man halted in the doorway, taking in the walls and ceiling covered with puzzles, and a mischievous glint crowned his eyes. Gordon caught light of it too, yelling, "Don't slam-!" as the gaunt-faced grappler slammed the door with a force that threatened to knock it off its hinges.
A few minutes later Jon Raas returned, saying, "I couldn't find any skim milk; I hope you don't mind if it's-" and froze at the sight of Gordon Paul buried to his eyeballs under the mountain of jigsaw pieces that had jarred loose from the now-bare walls. 
"-pasteurized."

Epilogue:
When The Music's Over
Josephine Sancudo sat alone in her unlit room, thin legs tucked beneath her as she stared out the open window. Somewhere a radio was playing "A Little Bit of Soap;" a subtle bit of irony, she noted ruefully as the pain killers started to kick in. She'd succeeded in scrubbing most of the green gunk from her face-not that it'd been easy with one arm in a sling, but she'd managed. 
From the earliest days of her existence, she'd managed.
And yet...

I found you in a dark place, and there you gave me life.
Then I told you of my feelings and you left me in the night.

I followed you through time and space on wings of sacrifice,
But I told you of my feelings and you vanished in the night.

I make my bed amongst the stones on fields of cold blue ice
Cos I told you of my feelings and you left me to the night.

Jo sank back in her chair, feeling-what? Was bitter a good word? Her aunt would have told her bitterness was unbecoming. But then, her aunt had also told her life is like a beanstalk.
"Really, Auntie? Why is life like a beanstalk?"
"How should I know? I'm not a philosopher."
She choked back a sob as she stared at the pile of Get J'd t-shirts on the floor; then wiped her nose with the back of her hand. Right now she could think of a much better word that went with "get."
He really could have dropped by to check on her. True, he'd been pretty banged up when last she saw him. Still there's no need to suffer alone.
Only her hair didn't smell like bluebonnets.
And that was all that mattered.
A couple of mosquitoes came out of the darkness, fluttering around her pale-as-paper face as though waiting for a response. Jo smiled faintly at the tiny creatures. "Not tonight girls," she told them, indicating her injured shoulder. "I'm afraid I'll be staying in for a while." 
___________________
3 This according to the 1990 edition of Dave Meltzer's Wrestling Observer Yearbook.
4 She made mashed potatoes with her feet.
5 From the explosion, remember?

EMBARRASS THE WIND
"The eyes of God see all... To none does he give strength for lies."
Sirach 15:20
1. A Son In The Place
Thursday evening, late, the city jail on Dell Street. An inmate lay staring at the ceiling when he heard his cell door open. Shielding his eyes to the unaccustomed light, he looked up. There she was-standing in the doorway the way Natalie would. "Good-bye, George. I know I'll always love you. Oh sure, I'll go through half-a-dozen marriages and take on an endless string of lovers, but you must believe me when I say-"
"Excuse me," he interrupted.
"Yes?"
"Who's George?"
"Oh dear," she giggled, "did I do it again? I always get the wrong cell." Moments later he heard another door clank open. "Good-bye, George. I know I'll always love you..."
The prisoner lay back down, exhaling slowly. Tomorrow would have to be better.
2. Young Ms Sancudo
Friday morning, 10 AM, the courthouse at Main and Congress. The People of the Great State of Texas vs J-man for the murder of Ray Akihisa, aka the Great Malaki,6 the Honorable Judge D Gulik presiding. The District Attorney was Bacon McWhopper while counsel for the defense was Ms Josephine Sancudo. 
"But yer still in college!" J protested.
"So I pulled a few strings." 
"Texas justice duzn't pull strings; it yanks nooses."
"Relax," she assured him, "I've seen In Cold Blood a dozen times. Plus my suspenders are nicer." This was in reference to her having decked herself out in dress and stockings. "How do I look?" she asked, striking a suitably mannequin-like pose.
J appraised her critically, thinking she looked like a kid playing dress-up. Her skirt was, in the words of Sam Houston, in longitude sorely scanty. 
"Robert Burns," she corrected. "I figure if I bend over in the judge's direction-" 
"Whut about me?" 
"You just stay sitting."
"I mean my clothes." 
"Oh that." She'd put him in one of her tie-dye j-shirts hoping to sell souvenirs once the trial was over. "I think it goes well with your black eyes and metal nose guard."
"And maybe," added a voice at the back, "the jury will think you're a harmless waif rather than a vicious, cold-blooded murderer." 
J twisted in his chair to see the turkey god Melagris lounging across several chairs. "Izn't there a carcass somewhere ya should be circlin'?"
Mel opened one eye and replied, "I'd say it depends on the verdict."
"Okay you two," Jo chided, "be nice;" adding: "Mel's my private investigator."
Great, thought J; Perry Mason had Paul Drake and I get a turkey. "Shouldn't I have gotten a haircut?"
"It looks fine," Jo assured him; "like Harrison Ford in Presumed Innocent."
"That's th' one where everyone thought he wuz guilty."
"Yeah; but his hair looked nice."

The facts of the case, as laid out in the DA's opening statement, were simple. On the first Sunday after Easter, following his loss to the Great Malaki for the STW championship title, the defendant was seen entering the dressing room where Ray Akihisa had gone to remove his kabuki-style makeup only to emerge moments later and make his way to the break area where he was spotted by Gordon Paul. Concerned as to the delay, Mr Paul went to investigate and found Malaki dead on the floor, a trail of small wet sneaker tracks leading out from the room. The coroner placed the time of death at 11:40 PM. This was confirmed by Malaki's broken wristwatch. And while J-man claimed to have entered the break room at 11:30, Mr Paul maintained it was 11:50.
"Okay," said Judge Gulik, "let's see if we can get this over by noon. Does the defense wish to make an opening statement?"
"Yes, Your Honor," said Josie, rising tall and straight. So tall that J looked down and saw her wearing a pair of three-inch heels. "Admiring my legs?" she whispered, catching him in the act.
"Ya sure ya kin walk in them things?" he whispered back.
"Well, in case you haven't noticed, I am a girl."
She got up-somewhat awkwardly-and stepped into the well like someone on roller skates for the first time. To her credit she almost made it, being about a foot from the jury box before her feet shot out from under her. "Whoa!" she cried, giving everyone an eyeful as she flopped to the floor. McWhopper immediately objected counsel was attempting to influence the jury only Judge Gulik asked "With what?" and the DA, on reflection, withdrew the complaint. Meanwhile J wondered if it'd be okay if he hid under the table.
"Now," began Jo, pulling herself up and hanging onto the witness stand.
"Ms Sancudo," asked the judge, "are we to be favored with your impression of a downtown wino?"
"Uh, no, Your Honor. Maybe I could reserve my opening for later?"
Judge Gulik nodded, adding, "I think counsel has shown us enough for now."
3. Murder Of An Anatomy
Bacon McWhopper opened his briefcase and plunked down a copy of his witness list. Jo also had a briefcase only there was nothing in it except the morning paper and a pair of sneakers.
"Duz he intend to call all these people?" J wondered.
Josie agreed it was a lot of them. "Did you know ancient Jewish law required the presence of two eye witnesses in order to convict?"
"Really? Two eye witnesses?"
"Right," she nodded. "It was their way of keeping things co-sure." Ignoring the pained look on his face, she perused the list, calling names at random. "Carrie Ahn, guidance counselor; Selma Az, blind prostitute. Wow, I guess you really have to hand it to her."
J's collar felt tighter. "Hey, sez here he's callin' El 7."
"I doubt it," Jo shook her head. "He's no-showed every match since your incarceration. Let's see, ID Claire, notary; Howie Dune, I'm fine, thank you; Philip McCensus, folk singer; Lois D Nominator-"
"Math teacher?"
"Political lobbyist. I'm surprised there's no Erle Stanley, gardener."
"Ya skipped one."
"Where?" 
"There," J pointed: "Richard N Karen, carpenter."
"Hmmf," she snorted, "guess I'm past the point of Karen," and settled in as the DA called his first witness.

"Please state your name and occupation for the record."
"Edgar Allen, podiatrist." The witness paused. "My instructors couldn't afford the entire skeleton."
"I see," McWhopper chuckled. "And you're also the Medical Examiner?"
"You could say I got my foot in the door."
"And have you ever testified in a high profile case before?"
"No, but I did treat Perry Mason for bursitis."
Judge Gulik looked up from his crossword puzzle and told them to knock it off. The ME then testified to the nature of the injury, describing it as "a fracture of the skull in the occipital region, caused by an object, round in shape, wielded with extraordinary force."
McWhopper leaned closer. "A knee, perhaps?"
The ME shrugged, saying he could only assert it was a crushing blow.
Thanking the witness, McWhopper signaled it was Josie's turn to cross-examine. She started to rise, then paused. Judge Gulik looked up from his magazine, nodded his approval, and Jo removed her shoes. Now an elfin four-ten, she pigeon-toed her way to the bench. The short-skirted shyster wasn't accustomed to wearing stockings either, so once again she slipped on the polished floor and her eighty-some pounds flopped in front of the witness box. 
The J'd Warrior scrunched in his chair, hoping to make himself small as possible, while Josie, unperturbed, smoothed her skirt with dainty elegance. Regaining her feet, she started with a little humor. "Round in shape, eh? Why not an iron brassier." Nobody laughed. "Now, you say the wound occurred where?"
"The occipital region," answered the ME.
"Ah, near the infirmary. Then how do you explain the body being found at the coliseum?"
"The occipital region," the ME clarified, "refers to bones around-"
"And did you know," Josie cut him off, "my client is deaf in one ear?"
"No."
"Your Honor, I move for a mistrial!"
"On what basis?" demanded Judge Gulik.
"Because you can't condemn a man without a-hearing."
J buried his head on the table while Jo resumed her cross-examination.
"How do you know death was instantaneous?"
"Because there was no edema."
"I see. What about swelling?" The judge gestured Josie to come over, opened a dictionary to E, and had her read where his finger pointed. She mouthed a silent "Oh," smiled appreciatively, and returned to the witness. "Now let's get back to this business about swelling." Judge Gulik threw his hands in the air and went back to his novel. "If you ask me, Malaki was covered with bruises. A regular Garden of Edema, if you will."
The ME sighed and explained patiently. "Bruises would be meaningless as they could have been sustained in the match beforehand."
"That's true! J beat the crap out of-Uh, I mean-Can we strike my last comment?"
4. I Want To Re-Live 
Mel tapped J on the shoulder. "Plead insanity," the turkey god insisted. "You must be crazy to let her defend you."
It wasn't like she'd been his only choice. Earlier a man from the All Criminal Protective Union dropped by, saying, "Don't worry kid, the way I see it, it's a classic case of ring rage." 
"But I didn't do nuthin'," J insisted.
"Right," the ACPU lawyer nodded. "I'll have my psychiatrist say it was brought about by Vertical Deficit Syndrome. Tell me, were you Mirandized?"
"No, I've never been with a woman."
"Wow! There's definitely something we can make of that."
"No-no-no. Ya don't un'erstand. I really didn't do it!"
"Wait." The lawyer gave a look of astonishment. "You really didn't do it?"
"No sir." J repeated. "I didn't."
"Oh well," the lawyer closed his briefcase, "in that case there's not much I can do," and slunk out the door.
Thus it fell to Josie to ply her masonry.
"Don't worry," she patted his arm gently. "If they hang you we'll sue for whiplash."

McWhopper introduced into evidence a videotape of the STW championship match and called Jon Raas to give his expert commentary. "Very well," Raas took the stand. "You see the participants in the ring, with Gordon Paul and Ms Sancudo-that's her with her arm in a sling-outside." 
"Really?" McWhopper paused the video. "That's Ms Sancudo? I thought it was a bo-" He caught the dirty look Josie was giving him. "Um, go ahead," he instructed.
"Anyhow," Raas resumed, "Malaki performs his pre-fight ritual of blowing mist on both hands and the bout is underway."
"Just out of curiosity," McWhopper interrupted, "how does he do that?"
"Do what?" Raas asked.
"That mist thing. I realize it's food coloring mixed with water, but how does he-"
"Food coloring?" Raas regarded the DA blankly. 
"I'm thinking a gel capsule secreted in his trunks."
Raas continued giving McWhopper a strange look; as did the rest of the courtroom. Realizing he was on dangerous ground, the prosecutor backed off and told Raas to continue. 
"Okay," said Raas, glad to get on with it. "J-man attacks with an arm drag takedown; however Malaki hits a thrust kick. The Philippine Panther throws him outside, rams his head into the ring post, and J comes up bleeding."
"Pardon me," McWhopper interrupted again, "but did you say Philippine Panther?"
"I did," Raas nodded. "It's another of Malaki's ring names, along with the Urbano Legend and-"
McWhopper held up a hand. "For the sake of clarity, let's just stay with Malaki."
"Okay," Raas humdrumed, agitated at the knock on his announcing style. "Malaki misses a moonsault and J slaps on his neck-claw submission only to have Gordon interfere and break the hold."
"Excuse me, Mr Raas," McWhopper broke in yet again, "but I understand the match goes on for another twenty minutes or so. Perhaps, in the interest of time, we could skip to the end?"
It was the kind of thing only a World Championship Wrestling producer would suggest. Still it was McWhopper's ball, so Raas reluctantly thumbed the remote to the final minutes, resuming play at the point where Malaki set his ceremonial shield up in the corner.
"I thought it was a buckler," McWhopper pedanticized.
"It's the same thing," Raas insisted. "He whips J into the corner only J-man reverses and it's the Phil-I mean, Malaki-who crashes into the shield."
"Buckler."
"Whatever. The crowd erupts as J-man hits a kneelift, which knocks Malaki into the referee and sends him to the floor. At this point Gordon grabs the shield-okay, buckler-and swings at J. Gordon misses and it bounces off the top rope, hitting him instead. By now Malaki has made it back to his feet. He reaches into his trunks and puts his fingers to his mouth as Josie gets on the apron to warn J. Rather than go after J-man, Malaki spews a mouthful of green mist in Josie's face."
Raas stopped and reversed the tape, recalling McWhopper's earlier suggestion of how Malaki performed the trick. "Hmm," he mused, "I suppose maybe-" only then he dismissed it with a shrug.
"Malaki does a spinning backhand which J-man ducks and then nails Malaki with another kneelift. With Malaki out, J leans through the ropes, checking on Jo. Malaki staggers up and again goes to his trunks. He snaps his fingers and a flash of light explodes in J's face, leaving him blinded. Gordon then shoves the referee into the ring as Malaki does a schoolboy roll-up on J-man for the pin. Thus Malaki became the new STW singles champion."

Bacon McWhopper smiled, "Thank you, Mr Raas," and said he had a few more questions. "You don't get along with Gordon Paul, do you?"
Raas shrugged. "He's difficult."
"In fact, you've often referred to him as cold-hearted?"
"It's a known fact he doesn't sweat much."
"Also, I understand Mr Akihisa attacked his killer one week earlier at the semifinals?"
"Alleged killer," Jo interrupted.
"Yes," Raas nodded; "tried to injure his already busted nose."
"Mr Akihisa was inserted into the tournament as a last-minute replacement for the person who was supposed to have been the murderer's opponent."
"Alleged murderer!" Jo repeated.
"That wasn't fair, was it, Mr Raas?"
"No, it wasn't! The kid worked his way up while Malaki never participated in any of the matches."
"And as we saw, Mr Akihisa also attacked the defendant's girlfriend."
"Alleged girlfriend!" J leaped to his feet.
"Malaki attacked her twice in two weeks," Raas answered.
"And then used illegal means to win the bout."
"Malaki stole the title," Raas nodded bitterly.
"Gee," the DA concluded, "if it were me I'd be pretty upset."
"Are you kidding?" Raas was on the verge of yelling. "He was so mad-"
"Yes, Mr Raas?"
"Nothing," Raas realized he'd been tricked. "Darn it, he had a right to feel betrayed."
McWhopper faced to the jury. "That would be motive for murder, wouldn't you say?"
J whispered, "Ya know, Jo, ya kin object anytime ya want."
"Perhaps," Raas admitted grimly. "Only had it been me-"
"No further questions. Your witness, counselor."
"Alleged counselor," said Josie, rising. "No, wait." Everyone wondered what pratfall she'd take next. She fooled them by sliding to a stop in front of the jury box. "Ooh." She smiled breathlessly, extending her hands for a bumpy halt. "I think I got the hang of it now."
Unimpressed, the judge gave her a strict stare, asking if she had any questions for the witness.
"Not really," she replied, slipping again and draping herself over the rail. "I only wanted to see if I could do that." She noticed one juror, an old lady, doing needlepoint. "What's this?" she asked her.
The juror held up a cloth showing a lady with a set of scales.
"Your Honor!" Josie blanched, "This is a tapestry of justice!" She continued talking to the lady, leaning over the rail and giving everyone a view of her rear window. The judge gazed heavenward while the defendant concentrated on trying to turn invisible.
5. Witness For The Persecution
They broke for lunch, a guard escorting J to the basement and waiting outside while he, Jo, and Mel had their meal. J poked listlessly at his chicken while Jo's cup of vegetable soup went untouched. She glanced at her briefcase, debating whether to take it out the morning paper therein. Opting not to, she sat in resigned silence, her fragile slightness taking up little space. J began to itch all over. Unable to rub his face due to the metal nose guard, he threw down his fork and got up to pace the floor. 
It's funny how the mind works. The gaunt-faced grappler was on trial for his life yet for some reason his mind kept drifting back to an old Johnny Rivers song, the one from that British TV show. The lines on his forehead scrunched in a faint M pattern as he tried to recall the title. 
Josie too felt pressured as she stared across the basement, a pall of infinite weariness on her pale-as-paper face. "I think once this is over I'll go away for a while." It was like she was speaking to herself. "But I shall come back-a mild and most bewildered little shade." 
J stopped pacing long enough to shoot her a quizzical look.
"Dorothy Parker," she cited. "I doubt she ever met Sam Houston."
As for Mel, with no need for his private investigator services, the turkey god simply stretched his long self out in a chair and fell asleep. Despite J's misgivings the fowl deity comported himself well and had not bothered anyone except whenever a witness said "Your Honor" or "Thank God," to which he'd murmur an inquisitive "Yes?" or a polite "You're welcome."

Lunchtime over, Bacon McWhopper slithered to the stand and called his final witness.
"Now, Mr Paul, the defendant claims he joined you in the coliseum break room at 11:30 PM, after the matches were over. Is this true?"
Gordon Paul's eyes, fixed on the J'd Warrior, took relish saying, "No."
"Please explain."
Gordon smiled like an iceberg. "He didn't exactly 'join' me. He rounded the corner, saw me, and left."
"But he claims he had a clear view of the time clock."
"He did. The clock faces the door."
"And the time was 11:30?"
"No, it was 11:50."
"Are you certain, Mr Paul? You yourself were not facing the clock."
"I didn't have to. As I sat waiting, I did, out of boredom, take my wrestling program and insert it into the punch mechanism. You can see it here, clearly stamped in the upper corner, 23:50! Ten minutes before midnight! It was immediately after that the runt came in."
McWhopper had played his ace. Everyone knew it as he faced the jury. "And even the defendant, in a statement to the police, admitted seeing Mr Paul punch the clock. Therefore the defendant did not leave the building at 11:30. Ray Akihisa was killed at 11:40, based on the time his watch shattered. The defendant showed up in the break room at 11:50, after the murder occurred. And, for someone with his punishing kneelift, it'd be but a matter of moments to blindside someone while he was scrubbing makeup off his face, smack him, and leave him to die." The jury nodded. "Motive: the match. Means: his kneelift. Opportunity: the time frame." The DA smiled at Josie, "Your witness," and Jo asked for a brief recess.
6. To Kill A Philippine Panther
"Did I mention I'm running a special on wills this week?" 
There was no humor in Jo's voice as she sat, head bowed, clutching her hair as if to pull it out. J paced the basement floor while Mel stood by the window, speculating as to which tree they'd use. "Probably that pecan," he told them, "although the chinaberry looks sturdier."
"Oh shut up, would ya?" 
The turkey god considered the barred window, noting it was too small for J-man to crawl through. J hissed something inaudible and fell to tapping his nose protector. Although his headaches had subsided in the time away from the ring, concentrating still took effort.
"Look," Jo suggested, "I think we should cop a plea. Malaki screwed you out of the title and you wanted to pop him one. Who wouldn't? Only the floor was slippery because of the water so your kneelift had more impact than you intended. We'll plead manslaughter; severe stress. Light time and community service."
J stopped pacing.
"Darn it, Jo, I didn't do it! Other than Gordon sayin' I wuz there at 11:50, th' rest is circumstantial." He pressed his hands to his temples, trying hard to think. "I saw th' clock and it said 11:30."
"But, J," Jo argued, "we're talking about the same clock! How could the time possibly be different?"
"Boy," Mel scratched his head, "it's one hundred percent screwy, if you ask me."
Then:
Bong!
"Oh-my-gosh." J straightened. "Of course! Mel! Run over 'n git th' time clock from th' break room. Hurry! Jo, go out there 'n stall."

Friday afternoon, 2:00 PM. Recess over, Josie stopped by the DA's table, shook her head, then took her place at the defense table. Opening her briefcase, she took out a pair of white sneakers and put them on. There was nothing else in it but the day's newspaper, yet she pretended to rummage about until the judge coughed, telling her to get on with it. "Your Honor," she said finally, "I'd like to introduce fotos from the zoo's wildebeest section."
"And what would that be?" he asked.
"Gnu evidence?" she shrugged weakly.
"Your Honor," complained the DA, "does the defense wish to examine Mr Paul or not?"
"Uh, sure. Now where did I put that tongue depressor?"
"Your Honor!"
Just then, Mel rushed in, carrying the time clock. 
"Yes?" he asked. 
"Not you," said McWhopper; "the judge." 
Judge Gulik pounded his gavel, "Order in the court!" and Mel replied: 
"Yes, Your Majesty." 
McWhopper turned on him. "It's Your Honor." 
To which Mel said: "Why, thank you." 
Judge Gulik once again banged his gavel. "I said order in the court!" as McWhopper yelled:
"Oh shut up, you idiot!" 
Judge Gulik yelled back, "Who are you calling an idiot?" 
McWhopper spread his hands. "I didn't mean you." 
Mel said, "You did so; you were looking right at me!" so McWhopper told Mel to shut up. 
Judge Gulik rose from the bench, "Mr McWhopper!"
McWhopper cried, "Not you! I meant the other idiot!" 
Somewhere in all this, Josie sneakered her way to the front.
"If you guys don't mind, I'd like to question the witness." 
And Judge Gulik, staring down at her, said: "Be my guest."

The tiny eighty-some pound pettifogger paraded confidently before the bench, her sneakers squeaking on the polished wood floor. Unnoticed by the judge, she stuck her tongue out at the DA. Then with a somewhat naughty pirouette, she spun about to face the accuser.
"Now, Mr Paul, as I'm sure you're aware, being the successful businessman you are, time clocks use a 24-hour cycle for ease in calculating hours worked. For instance, say I clock in at 9 AM and out at 5 PM. Rather long hours for a lawyer, but hey, they're billable. On a 24-hour clock, that's 17:00. Thus 17 minus 9 equals 8 hours worked. That's why your program says '23' for 11 PM."
"Your Honor." McWhopper started to rise. "I fail to see how this has any connect-"
"Furthermore," Josie cut him off, "as you doubtless know, while the analog portion of the clock uses a 60-minute cycle, digital display prints out in hundredths of an hour. To demonstrate, you'll notice the clock shows it is now 2:15 in the afternoon. But if we insert a time card, the printout reads 14:25. 15 is a quarter of 60 while 25 is a quarter of 100."
"Amazing," said Judge Gulik, fascinated.
"And if we adjust the hands to 30 minutes past the hour, the punch card now reads 50."
The glacial grin on Gordon's face began to melt as everyone started to catch on.
"What we're saying then," Jo addressed the jury, "is Gordon Paul and J-man are both telling the truth. There is no 20-minute discrepancy since 11:30 PM on the dial registers as 23:50 on a printout-because it's based on hundredths of a minute!"
She turned again to face Gordon. "In other words, Mister Paul, rather than convict the defendant, your testimony corroborates his story. And instead of being his accuser, you sir, are the defendant's alibi!"
A general hubbub filled the courtroom as Jo, unheard by the others, leaned close and whispered: "Do you still think I'm green behind the ears?"

Reporters raced to phone in their stories, Judge Gulik pounded his gavel, and Bacon McWhopper sizzled as he moved for a dismissal. Gordon Paul, still on the witness stand, stared blankly past Josie at a small gaunt-faced feline with dark fur and blue eyes smiling back at him from the defence table. He shifted his eyes to the jury box where twelve more cat faces beamed in triumph. Then the courtroom filled with cats: on the judge's bench, at the bailiff desk, atop the DA's table-all around him, everywhere and everything, cats! All that is, save one tiny iridescent mosquito buzzing about his head. And in it. Finally they carted him away, the diagnosis being a cataleptic condition brought on by extreme hysteria. Jon Raas, as usual, went faithfully by his side.

One question remained: how did Ray Akihisa die?
"I believe I can answer that."
Josie demonstrated while J and Mel assisted.
"The championship match over, Malaki retired to the locker room to remove his kabuki face paint. Desiring privacy, he went to the last wash stall and, seeing it had no mirror, hung his ceremonial shield-I'm sorry, buckler-on a nail, using it as a mirror."
J pretended to bend over an imaginary sink as Mel held the shield.
"However, this area of the coliseum had been damaged by an explosion the previous Friday and the nail gave way. The heavy shield struck Malaki-"
Mel let go the shield, allowing it to fall on J's head.
Klang!
"Ow!"
"-killing him instantly."
Fortunately J's head was harder than that of a panther. Still he gave Mel a dirty look as Judge Gulik pondered the implications. 
"You mean-?" 
"Yes, Your Honor," Josie nodded. "In other words, the buckler did it."
7. Two Angry People
Friday afternoon, 4:45 PM, the courthouse basement at Main and Congress.
"Come on," Jo invited. "I'll buy you a drink and you can pay for it."
"Jo?"
"Yes, J?"
"Ya know how th' time clock proved I wuzn't there?"
"Un-huh."
"Then who left that trail of sneaker prints goin' out?"
Josie bit her lip, but said nothing.
"People assumed it wuz me cos they were small." He looked down at her sneakers. "Then when ya explained Malaki's death, ya described him usin' th' last wash stall. Only how'd ya know which one he used when it wuz never mentioned at th' trial?"
"Oh, J," she turned to him, pleading. "Please, don't."
Suddenly there was that song again, the one that had been plaguing him all day. Da-dada-da a number. He pressed his hands to his temples, speaking without looking. "Ya went searchin' fer me after Malaki had his accident. Th' sink wuz overflowin' so ya got yer shoes wet. Ya thought now they'd hafta gimme th' title belt. Only ya fergot how much Gordon despises me."
Josie sank to a chair, her large dark eyes filled with sadness. "He's not the only one," she mumbled softly.
"Huh?"
"You always think the worst of me, don't you?"
"Whut d'ya mean?"
She shaded her eyes with both hands, elbows on the table. "Okay," she confessed, "I was there. I went to check on you and... He was already... It looked like you'd done it! So I made a fool of myself in the courtroom hoping for a mistrial. It meant sacrificing my law career but... Anyway it wasn't until the clock thing that... Oh well, no matter. You're free now, your name's clear... And I've yet to hear a simple thank you."
Now it was his turn to say nothing.
"By the way, did you see today's paper?" She pulled the society column from her briefcase and tossed it in front of him. It read: Philippine Princess Weds Agriculturist. "She dumped you for a farmer."

Funny how two people can be alone in a big room and still feel crowded. And the chill have nothing to do with the sun going down. 
Josie gripped the basement window like a prisoner, her tiny knuckles white against the grimy surface, and as the shadows stretched across the courthouse yard, watched people exit the building. "Jacob, Jacob," she sighed wistfully. "Look at them, all those dull ordinary people on their way home to their families and their oh-so-dull wonderful lives. Maybe that's the power of love-to make the ordinary, the dull, and the commonplace wonderful." 
And who's to say she wasn't right? After all, love is the most powerful thing in the universe; the determining factor in one's dealings on earth. Though challenged, it has never been conquered; though questioned, it has never been quieted; and though tested, it has never been stilled. Love can build up or it can tear down; make life totally fulfilling, or destroy it completely. It can alter the past, enrich the present, and change the future. With it one can face anything. Without it a person will turn his back on everything. In the presence of love all sins fade; while in its absence they magnify, stark and vivid, in all their ugliness. Yes, love can hurt, scar, and wound; but it can also heal, repair, and bind. It can open one's eyes to reality, or it can blind them completely. True love has no illusions. It sees things in a clear light and accepts them anyway. In the end, it all comes down to choice. And the only pain is when it is not returned. And the only crime is when one is blind to its offering.
Only what did he know? He was, after all, just a cat.
"We're not exactly ordinary people."
The tears were flowing freely, and there was no effort to hide them. 
"Maybe not, Jacob; but we still have hearts." 
And Princess Fely had her duty. J wiped his eyes, felt the metal nose protector, ripped it off it, and stomped it to the floor. In his brief human existence he had become a weak-kneed broken-nosed scarecrow with enough scars and bandages to qualify for a Momia Azteca movie. One, two, or a thousand more wouldn't matter. 
Besides, didn't Sam Houston say life didn't have to be perfect to be wonderful?
"No," Jo intruded, "that was Annette Funicello." 
"Whatever." J turned his face to the wall. Then: "Do you really hate my guts?"
"Well, you did hurt me."
"Oh." 
Not I'm sorry; just Oh.
She gathered her stuff and prepared to go.
"You're leaving?" he asked.
"Say the word and I'll stay."
Silence.
"I didn't think so." She paused at the door, a tiny shadow in the greater darkness. "You know, it wasn't Leah's fault that Rachael was prettier. As for mosquitoes, well, that's how God made us."
As usual, he had no idea what she was talking about, his mind going funny again with that Johnny Rivers song about taking away your name. Only they can't take away something you never had to begin with. As for Jo, if she wanted to leave, then fine. It wasn't like he'd asked her to meddle in his life. Her or that lying two-faced princess.
She turned again. "Bye, Jacob."
"And stop calling me Jacob!" He pounded the table furiously. "I don't have a name, okay? My mother left me in a dumpster and-"
Only there was no one but him in the room. Josephine Sancudo had gone, down the hall and out of his life.

Immediately the itching stopped. And just as quickly he began to miss it. 
He let his eyes roam from the newspaper to the door, realizing while the wound on his neck might someday heal, the one in his heart would take a lot longer. 
Then, calling her name, he ran to the door and bolted outside.
The street was empty in the settling twilight, with no sign anywhere of a tiny girl in short skirt and sneakers. He called her name again, very soft this time, and a lone mosquito buzzed his head. 
Only he wasn't in the mood for mosquitoes, so he clapped his hands and hurried on. 
___________________
6 Pronounced MA-lah-kee. It's Tagalog for great; making his ring name a redundancy.


James Hold
Thank you for reading my book. 
Connect with me online: 
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JamesHold 

