THE P.H.O.T.O.
(VOL II)

The Saga Continues
By
Larry Hunt

SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *
15 March updat

PUBLISHED BY
Larry Hunt on Smashwords


Cover Design by:  Laura Shinn


THE P.H.O.T.O. (VOL II) - The Saga Continues
Copyright 2011 by Larry Hunt

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, media and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work

Other books by this Author:
THE P.H.O.T.O.
(VOL I)
The Search

21 December 2012 -
The Calendar Beckons

*  *  *  *  *

CHAPTER ONE

HOW THIS SAGA BEGAN
Every story has a beginning, middle and end. This one is no different. Well there is a slight difference with this tale - we begin in the middle and I will tell you about the beginning!! You will read the end yourself.
Let me explain - or at least let me try to get you to understand.
You see, I was personally present when this story occurred forty  + years ago... in the past... the past? Yes, you read me correctly; I was present as it occurred! Nothing odd about this... with the exception that I am only sixteen years old!! But I witnessed it all happen!! Is this weird or what? Yep, over 40 years ago!
The persons in this tale are real; some have passed on but most are still alive and can verify the accuracy of these events. Only one thing wrong with this statement - they won’t!!
Let me begin by telling you a little about myself and about those of whom I will speak.
My name is Forrest Scarburg... well actually my given name is Robert Edward Scarburg, IV. When I was young my grandfather, Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr. gave me the nickname Little ‘S’ Four. This gradually became just Four ‘S’ or Forr-est. Forrest - get it? Yeah, right, but I have to constantly live with it and have accepted it. Forrest Scarburg, well it’s not too bad. It’s better than Little ‘S’ Four!  
You see, my Great-Grandfather was Robert Edward (Big “S”) Scarburg, Sr. Grandfather is Robert Edward (Little “S”) Scarburg, Jr., my Dad is Robert Edward (Trey) Scarburg, III and I, naturally, became the IV. Everyone in our family has ‘handles’ or nicknames. Why, heaven knows. Mostly due to my Grandfather I believe. I’ll have to explain the Big ‘S’ and Little ‘S’ stuff later - I can hardly wait because there is a good story behind these two monikers.
As I said earlier, this story takes place over forty years ago - I know this is hard to understand since I am telling you this tale as a participant in the story...today, forty something years later. How can this be possible? Like I said - weird!
Come on; hang with me for a little while. Let me explain. You are really going to find this story fascinating.

*  *  *  *  *

As a young lad of sixteen I had a part-time job working in my Grandmother Baba Scarburg’s restaurant. Immediately next door my Grandpa Robert Scarburg, Jr. had a gun store. As I worked I gradually became aware of a black Ford sedan driven by two suspicious looking men dressed in dark business suits coming and going from his store. One of them always carried a black satchel but neither seemed to buy anything from Pa’s store. No one in the restaurant knew anything about the two mysterious men or why they routinely came and went.
I couldn’t stand not knowing who they were or what their business was with my Pa.
One day I hatched ‘THE PLAN’. I figured if there was anything that could tell me about these two ‘dudes’ the only place that might contain this information would be in my Pa’s huge safe in his gunroom at his home. He kept all his important papers in this two-door, 6’, one ton steel beast.
‘THE PLAN’ was to secretly get into Pa’s safe and find out what the two sleuths were up to. 
‘THE PLAN’ began to take place on a Saturday. I was working at the restaurant and planned on spending the night with Pa and Baba Scarburg. When everyone went to bed and was fast asleep my plan was to sneak downstairs and gain entrance to the gunroom. Once inside the room, I knew where Pa kept the hidden combination to the large grey two-door safe. The only drawback to this plan was the fact that Pa had the combination written in code. I got into the room okay, found the card with the safe code on it but it took me a long time to figure out the coded numbers.
At last I deciphered the hidden combination and gained access to the insides of the gray steel monster. I found boxes and boxes of military awards, certificates of Army achievements and I discovered the award of The Medal of Honor to Great-Grandfather Scarburg. I was totally confused...calling from the gunroom on my cell phone to my friend Chris I found out the Medal of Honor was our countries highest military award. It was especially astonishing since the award certificate mentioned my Great-Grandfather by name and listed him as a Special Force’s medic. I had always thought he was cook, not someone who slipped around in the bush with his face all camouflaged up. 
Forget about the military awards for the moment. There was one other item inside the safe that I found but did not realize at the time how earth shaking important it was. It was a clock!!
Oh, no. Not just any ole clock... this was an amazing clock-like apparatus. This six-sided 6” wide piece of gold and platinum exquisiteness I later found out was called a ‘Mindtraveler’.
At the time, I did not understand what this beautiful clock-like object was capable of accomplishing. I found out when I tried to get the thing to run - I shook it gently, no luck then I shook it really hard. Smacked it with my hand and finally pushed one of the buttons on its side. Immediately after I pushed the red button the ‘clock’ started humming. It sounded like a tuning fork from science class - the date and the time slots lit up but the time and dates were wrong. One display showed the “Time” as “1700” and the “Day” was a “7 “ and finally the “Year” was “1967”. I thought, ‘what a piece of pretty junk!’
Without going into the how the gadget works (actually I don’t know how it works), the ‘clock’ began to hum and I became disoriented. Everything in the gunroom became dim and hard to see. I felt like I was going to faint but I sensed I wasn’t falling down. I was... was... suspended in the air.
When my vision cleared and I was aware of my surrounding. From playing some of my video games I recognized the uniforms, equipment and the sound. I had been ‘transported’ back forty something years to 2100 (9 pm) on 7 September 1967 to a place called Polei Kleng, Republic of South Vietnam. I don’t know if this was mentally or physically but I could not converse with anyone nor could they talk with me. I could see them but I was totally invisible to them. It was like, uh...uh...like I was floating out of my body. Does this sound stupid? Well I can’t help it that’s what happened.
What did I see you say? I was in the midst of a battle where my Great-Grandfather Master Sergeant (MSG) Robert Edward Scarburg, Sr., a Special Forces medic, was tending to the wounded. The enemy was shelling the compound pretty good and death and destruction seemed to be everywhere. I found out that he was called ‘Sarge’ or ‘Doc’. Some of the Vietnamese referred to him as ‘Bac Si’, which meant ‘Doc’ or ‘Medic’.
I was transported back a few months earlier when Sarge had been assigned a Special Operations mission into Laos as the leader of a Special Forces ODA Team.
Unfortunately he and his men were captured by the North Vietnamese Army (NVA) and were marched deep within the jungles of Cambodia. While in Cambodia his interrogation was accomplished by a Russian Blue Beret Colonel - Colonel Nikita Ergorov. The Russian Blue Berets are comparable to our Green Berets.
The Colonel could not extract information from Sergeant Scarburg concerning a place or object known only as The P.H.O.T.O. The reason the Colonel could not find out any information about The P.H.O.T.O. - Sergeant Scarburg did not know what it was or what it meant.
Colonel Ergorov thought he could extract this valuable information by torture. The torture consisted of suspending Sergeant Scarburg by his arms from a ceiling beam in a Cambodian backwoods cabin where the ODA team had been taken after capture.
Hanging by his wrists with his shirt removed Colonel Ergorov would ask Sergeant Scarburg a question. If he did not receive the correct answer the Colonel would slice off a piece of skin from Sergeant Scarburg’s chest using a Marine Corp’s razor sharp 10” Ka Bar knife. Since the name ‘Scarburg’ begins with an ‘S’ the Colonel carved a large ‘S’ into the Sergeant’s chest. ‘S’ because of Scarburg and the Colonel thought Scarburg was trying to be a hero like a Superman. 
After being rescued from the remote Cambodian cabin Sergeant Scarburg was admitted to the 75th Field Hospital at Pleiku, South Vietnam. During his stay in the hospital the nurses gave Sarge the nickname Big ‘S’. Later Sarge’s son, Captain Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr., also a Green Beret in Army Intelligence, arrived at the hospital. 
The Captain saw his father’s chest with the large ‘S’ carved on it. To better relate to his ‘Pop’ Robert Jr. went out and had an exact copy of his father’s ‘S’ tattooed on his chest. The only other difference - it was smaller. From that date forward Junior was known as Little ‘S”.
Little ‘S’ brought Official Orders from Army Headquarters to assign MSG Scarburg another mission. He was to report to the firebase known as Polei Kleng, upon leaving the hospital. His orders read that he was to assemble a Special Forces (SF) A-Team (ODA-113) and go back into Cambodia and find a mysterious place called Pac Toul. Pac Toul might hold the answers to The P.H.O.T.O. If this place exists, and his team could find it, the team was to bring back all information on The P.H.O.T.O. If it was impossible to retrieve then everything was to be destroyed. Destruction was necessary to keep it out of the enemy’s hands, especially the Russians who were also tremendously interested in The P.H.O.T.O. also. In fact, it was known through Army Intelligence sources Colonel Ergorov was, himself, in Cambodia looking for Pac Toul.
The mission was code named ‘Photo Search’ and consisted of thirteen members. Due to his extensive experience MSG Scarburg a.k.a. Big ‘S’ or just Sarge, was to lead the team. Captain Scarburg had been assigned as the team’s Intelligence officer; Sergeant First Class Thomas ‘Bonnie’ Clyde handled Demolitions; Sergeant First Class (SFC) James Bo‘Tex’ De Luca with Communications; SFC Thaddeus ‘Teach’ Collins with Weapons; SFC Charles ‘Doc Mayo’ Hellman was the Senior Medic; Staff Sergeant William ‘Jesse’ James the Junior Medic; they were also assigned an Intelligence Analysis from the CIA one Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim. The team took the ‘SP’ from Spurgeon, the ‘OO’ from Loo and the ‘K’ from Kim and nicknamed him Spook.
Little ‘S’ provided most of the nicknames - he was famous for them. It was said, “he never met a man that he couldn’t name.” Let me explain: Thomas ‘Bonnie’ Clyde is obvious; Jim Bo ‘Tex’ De Luca was named by the men - dark-skinned with a head full of wavy jet black hair - they though he was of Mexican origin thus ‘Tex’; Thaddeus ‘Teach’ Collins always had his head buried in a book. After his hitch he wanted to become a schoolteacher. Charles ‘Doc Mayo’ Hellman is also pretty obvious and last was another one that needs no explanation - William ‘Jesse’ James. Spook I have already explained. 
The Special Forces A-Team ODA-113 also included five ARVN (Army Republic of Vietnam) troops making a total of thirteen members. They had no names much less nicknames - the men just numbered them, Number 1, Number 2 etc.
 
THE HOUSE 
After months of preparation, hours of flying time, a daring night parachute jump, trudges down muddy trails, attack by Russians in a mosquito infested swamp, fighting snakes and avoiding croc’s the gallant men of SF OPS ODA-113 Code Name: ‘Photo Search’ had begun its mission with all its high hopes, great expectations and 13 brave dedicated men.
Once Pac Toul was discovered only three of the original thirteen remained to enter the house to solve the riddle of The P.H.O.T.O. Sergeant First Class Robert ‘Big ‘S’ Scarburg, Sr., Captain Robert ‘Little ‘S’ Scarburg, Jr. and Dr. Spurgeon Loo ‘Spook’ Kim.

*  *  *  *  *

Big ‘S’, Little ‘S’ and Spook walked confidently toward the doors to the two-storied wood, stone and brick constructed French colonial plantation house. Painted in brilliant white it reminded Little ‘S’ of the majestic old antebellum houses of the American south.
Side by side the three marched, defiantly, silently, resolutely up the five brick and stone steps leading to the huge Mahogany double doors. The front porch extended the entire length of the front and extended upwards two stories. It was supported by massive carved columns reminiscence of elegant days long ago.
Without a touch or even a glance at the doors handle Sarge took the entrance doors key - in the form of his big size twelve Corcoran jump boot and separated the doors from their hinges with one swift kick.
The fixation on the doors was so vivid in their minds the fear of booby traps or hidden explosives meant little at this moment in time. The three had been through so much, got involved in practically every adventure and stared death in the face so many times, kicking in that door at this moment was anti-climactic; it bothered them not in the least.
They were hoping some type of armed resistance would be on the other side of these huge doors. All they could think about was discovering the secret of The P.H.O.T.O. ... and now, most of all... payback... payback... for their ten companions lying, or parts of them lying, stone cold dead over a large portion of this wretched country. Payback!! That’s what they wanted… PAYBACK...!!! PAYBACK...!!! 
Drenched soaking wet to the bone all three stepped through the open hole into the first floor of the ‘house’. They stood staring at one huge room, totally empty and encompassing the entire first floor. The air inside was soooo cool but more importantly, at the moment, dry.
The ceiling, ornately plastered in the French Renaissance style, looked down on the uninvited guests from a height of two stories.
The second floor contained a beautiful white-railed mezzanine, which bounded three sides of the expansive room; the back and both sides. Ornately carved escutcheons that conspicuously decorated each supporting column around the entire upper floor walkway enhanced the beauty.
The cool inside air announced the building was air-conditioned but empty as a tomb – not one piece of furniture - no tables, no chairs, no rugs – nothing. Nothing... included the lack of decorations such as painting or shelving on the walls. Before being stripped the house’s ostentatiousness implied the ‘main’ house probably belonged to a wealthy French plantation owner.
The opulent floor, constructed of beautiful Mahogany wood planking, highly glossed and sporting a spit-polished shine announced in its glistening reflection a luxurious white marble staircase at the far end of the room. The stairs began at the gorgeous floor level and graciously curved to the luxuriant upper mezzanine. The gracefulness of its design only broken by a single landing, which divided the stairs into two sets; one ascending right and the other left, both culminating on the second story mezzanine. Along the mezzanine walkway could be seen a number of ornately carved but closed doors.
Something in this reflection caught Sarge and the Captain’s eye - a sign painted on the wall at the head of the stairs, directly above the landing.
The sign printed in French with bold black letters on a pure white-stuccoed wall read:
PHOTOGRAPHIQUES TELEMETRIQUE HISTOIRES DE PERSOnneL

The three stood mesmerized… they seemed unable to move their transfixed eyes from the sign…. at last Sergeant Scarburg – leader of the remainder of OPS 113 “Photo Search” team spoke up, “Okay you two LINGUISTIC EXPERTS tell me what that sign says!” His voice reverberated throughout the empty chamber.
Captain Scarburg and Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim conferred with each other for a couple of moments, turned and one of them said softly (as if someone might hear), which one actually related the words to MSG Scarburg is unknown but he said the best translation of the French sign into English was:

PHOTOGRAPHIC HISTORIES OF TELEMETRIC OCCURRENCES

Both agreed the translation might not be totally accurate since some of the French words used are archaic and not in common usage today. “Sorry," said the Captain, “that’s about as good as we can get it.”
“That’s fine guys,” Sarge stepped back and stared at the wall. “Spook, would you do me a favor, go back out into the yard and find me a stick with plenty of burnt charcoal on it, would your please?”
Quizzically Spook answered, "Okay Serge, right away.” Spook’s jungle boots made wet sloshing sounds as he hurried to the hole masquerading as the front doors. In the bat of an eye he returned with the requested item. “Here’s the stick Big ‘S’,” presenting the burnt object to Sarge.
“Spook’ would you do me one more favor?”
“Of course, tell me what you want,” said Spook.
“Please take the piece of wood and write as you would with a piece of chalk your English translation beneath that French sign?”
Spook without question, doing as Sarge asked, proceeded up the staircase to the center landing. He reached high with his blacken ‘piece of chalk’ and wrote the English translation underneath the French text. Returning to stand with Sarge and the Captain they all gazed at the writings on the wall. “Thanks Spook you did good.”
Sarge hollered out loud, yes hollered,  “Damn”, as the word echoed off the walls. “Damn I know the answer! You discovered the answer Spook... just now!!”
“Me…? Me…? Sarge I didn’t say anything…!”
“No, no Spook, your nickname, “Spook”, the one the guys gave you the first day at camp Polei Kleng, remember? Spook – SP from Spurgeon, the OO from Loo and the K from Kim, remember? Spook you are an expert in deciphering code look at those words you wrote on the wall: “P for Photographic - H from Histories - O from Of - T from Telemetric and lastly the O from Occurrences. See...! See...! Damn… don’t you see it… 

P.H.O.T.O.

We found the answer...! Hell yes, that’s it… P.H.O.T.O… Now we have to find out what “Photographic Histories of Telemetric Occurrences” mean. I believe, since this floor is empty, our answers will be upstairs in the ‘workroom’ as ‘Sam’ confessed back in the cave.
“Pop, take a look at the individual words – Photographic: that has to be something do with photographs; Histories: must be something in the past; Telemetric: transmitting of radio signals; Occurrences: something that occurred or happened. Put it all together I get: Transmitting by radio photographs something that happened in the past. Does that make any sense to you two?”

THE EQUIPMENT ROOM
“Gentlemen, the reason we came here, I believe, is up those stairs,” Sarge said pointing his finger toward the marble staircase. “We came to do a job and I’ll be damned if we ain’t going to do it or die trying. Come on!”
Turning he started up the stairs… the other two seemingly mesmerized stood looking at the sign and did not move. “Get you’re asses in gear! The worst that can happen is we get killed, but what’s new! Come on ‘lock and load’!”
The word ‘kill’ shook them out of their momentary trance and they fell in behind Sarge and cautiously began working their way up the stairs. When the landing was reached, Sarge said to the Captain and Spook, “You two go up those stairs," pointing to the left staircase,  "and I’ll go up this side. Check all the rooms. Find out what’s here, holler out if you discover anything.” With these instructions the three began their exploration of the upper floor of the Pac Toul ‘mansion’.
The only noise Sarge could hear as he guardedly walked from the top of the stairs was the creaking... squeaking... sound of the hard leather soles of his big number 12s on the exquisite Rosewood floored mezzanine.
The first beautiful hand-carved door he approached, he opened cautiously - remembering the experience with the Ma Deuce and the drinking well downstairs. He turned, before stepping into the room, and glanced back across the wide expanse of nothingness to the mezzanine on the other side of the wide-open first floor.
He could see Little ‘S’ and Spook gently beginning to open the door they first approached with as much, if not more, caution as Sarge had just done. Sarge thought with a slight grin, ‘funny how the Almond smell of C4 will put a little caution back into your step’.
Sarge guardedly pushed his door slightly open, slid his hands along the edge of the door checking for trip wires. Finding none he gently slipped cautiously into the room.
He eyes darted right and left like an animal seeking its prey – those eyes were surveying every inch of the room, including checking behind the door. He could see no one in the room. The air felt cooler than the mezzanine air and contained a strong odor of chemicals and a musty smell reminiscent of wet newspapers. Surprised Sarge could see that this side of the building was one big, long air-conditioned room.
Sarge, still wearing his damp jungle fatigues, felt the shudder of a chill encompass his body as he entered the coolness. He reasoned the room’s temperature had to be at least ten degrees colder than the air out on the mezzanine. He caught himself grinning as he thought, ‘Who would believe I found an air-conditioned, 60 degree room in a building in the wilds of Cambodia with an average annual temperature of 90 degrees, hundreds of miles from the nearest electric outlet?’
The additional ornate doors down the length of the interior wall were only additional entrance points to this one big room. He supposed, sometime in the past, this large room had been divided into a number of smaller ones. The separating walls had been removed to make this one narrow but long workroom.
Carefully surveying the room Sarge could see the 'workroom' was filled with a multitude of equipment and devices totally unfamiliar to him. The machines still warm, purring and each emitting heat – justifying the need for the additional air-conditioning. The only things in the room he recognized were the boxes and boxes of newspaper clippings and photographs. ‘Damn it to hell! Here's the photographs!’ thought Sarge. ‘How many thousands are in those boxes, no not thousands it must be tens of thousands!’
He stopped at one box, on the end had been neatly printed some information in an unfamiliar language. One word printed in ink then a long blank line. Upon this line was written, again words in a language he did not recognize, something resembling typing but clearly handwritten,
‘How odd,’ Sarge thought.
He dug into one box and pulled out photograph after photograph – some were of people, some were historic events, others appeared to be groups of people.
The age of the subjects varied – young children, old adults, political figures, current events and photographs from long ago. Pictures from as old as the Civil War and as recent as the things taking place in current day Vietnam. Boxes and boxes all appearing identical on the outside, but with different pictures and different subjects inside and the words or symbols on the end of the boxes changed with each box.
"Hummm," Sarge thought, ‘If this were a movie ominous music would be playing about now.’
As Sarge worked his way down the side of the wall, being ever so diligent looking for hidden explosives, he discerned a slight noise! ‘What was that?’ Sarge thought, “the wind outside? No, that sound came from inside this room! But where?’ 
He, with a deliberate slow and silent motion, slipped his M-16 from his shoulder, flipped the safety to the ‘Off’ position and started surveying the room, inch by inch, rifle in the ready to fire position. All the objects in the room, the equipment, the furniture, everything rested on open legged tables and the boxes were neatly arranged on the floor next to the wall.
Looking around he could see no hiding place for anyone; however, the noise did sound strangely humanlike.
Sarge had spent many years training his cat-like ears to pick-up the slightest noise, whether by man or animal. He had depended upon this keen ability to hear, even the minute whisper of a sound, to keep him alive and it had never failed him - and right now this ‘sense’ and his gut told him something wasn’t right. Both his keen ears and his ‘gut’ had never let him down yet!
Noticing at the far end of the room, in the corner abutting the exterior wall, another door – opposite the mezzanine wall, leading perhaps into a storage closet. 'If someone is in this room that is the only place they could be hiding,' he thought.
Slowly, silently, and very deliberately he moved toward the door. His M-16 - finger resting gently on the trigger. He was taking small sliding sideward steps keeping his body turned so he could easily see to his left, back where he had just came from, or to his right where he was headed, his back was to the mezzanine wall.
Approaching the door, he held his breath, listened intently to ascertain if anyone or anything was inside - he heard nothing - then a slight exhale of air from something’s lungs – human? Yes... he believed so - he could tell whatever it came from was breathing, and this breathing posed a danger to him.
Shouldering his rifle, ready to fire, he commanded in Vietnamese ‘Nguoi co’ (Who is there?), no response. He then tried the same ‘Who is there’ in French ‘Qi est la’, still no response. Speaking, this time, in Vietnamese ‘Di ra’ (Come out), still he was getting no reply; however, he did hear some movement behind the door. Calling out in French ‘Sortir’ (Come out), was getting him nowhere and he was not about to turn the handle on the door.
Erring on the cautious side he stepped back a step, lowered his rifle down to hip level aimed at the center of the door and pulled the trigger on his fully automatic rifle. In a flash his trusty ol' Colt M-16A1 had emptied an entire magazine full of 5.56mm FMJ (full metal jacket) bullets into the closet door. Spent shell casings were cascading onto the floor in handfuls. He had turned the simple wooden closet door into an object resembling Swiss cheese.
“Please, no shoot! No shoot, me come out!” A frightened voice whimpers from inside the closet.
It appeared to be a boy’s voice, young sounding and slightly effeminate at that. Sarge reached for the door handle and opened the squeaky hinged door. He saw nothing but bullet holes in the rear of the closet. A shelf of broken bottles, what recently looked and smelt like cleaning solution, was pouring out their contents upon the floor.
Suddenly he saw the origin of the youthful voice nestled down in a far corner of the closet; it was a young boy, curled up in a ball with both hands covering the hat on his head. “Please no shoot me?” he pleaded.
Hearing the sound of running boots on the mezzanine Sarge turned to see both Little ‘S’ and Spook bursting into the room with their own M-16s on their shoulders ready to fire.
Sarge held up his hand, motioning them to stop, the two of them abruptly changed from a full run to a complete halt.
Sensing Sarge’s attention was distracted by Little ‘S’ and Spook the person hiding in the closet sprang to his feet like a caged tiger unleashing on Sarge a series of Karate blows knocking Sarge from the closet door back into the equipment room.
Once outside the closet the boy crouched into the standard Karate Kobo-do Kamae forward fighting position. He had his knees slightly bent, right hand in front balled into a loose fist held between his eyes and mouth, left hand held against left cheek. His dark almond shaped eyes could barely be seen below the hat he was wearing. He said defiantly, “I beat you ass, I black belt!”
Sarge laughed, “Hell Son, you couldn’t’ ‘beat’ your way out of a paper sack. Black belt, huh… I’m an ‘OD’ belt. Know what an OD (Olive Drab) belt is?” Without waiting for the ‘boy’ to answer Sarge said, “I have a 36” ‘green’ Army pistol belt around my waist that I’m about to beat the shit out of you with it unless you settle down. We’re not here to hurt you – we’ve come to help!’  
“What’s all the shooting about Pop?”
“Come here you two and see this tough son-of-a-bitch. I’ve found!” Sarge said motioning them forward. At the same time he extended his big rough hand toward the young boy and said, “Son, don’t be afraid! I’m not going to hurt you. Come on over here, let’s talk. I don’t fell like whuppin’ the hell out of you just yet.”
The boy took his hand and Sarge directed him out of his crouched fighting position in the corner of the room back into the bright light of the lab.
He was a young Asian kid, perhaps in his mid twenties, with coal black hair, dark eyes and smooth lemon colored skin. He was dressed in a solid white jump suit that covered his slight 5’4” build. Over the left pocket were sewn two blue oval patches one with the same three yellow pyramids and lightning bolt the other the face, lion, cow and bird embroidered design as found on the white ‘dish’ outside. The right pocket had a similar blue oval patch with only two yellow unidentifiable symbols (probably a nametag).
“Who are you?” they all asked at about the same time.
“What are you doing here?” this time Sarge got the words in first.
“My name is Ling Lu,” he said with head bowed in respect.
“Mr. Ling Lu I am Master Sergeant Robert Scarburg, 5th Special Forces, United States Army; this is Captain Scarburg of the 5th also and Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim. We are not here to harm you we only need some information on this place.”
“Sergeant,” the boy said, I much frightened, how can I be sure you be who you say you are? I just work-boy here in building I know nothing!”
“Son, right now you will have to take my word for it. If I wanted to hurt you I would have killed you in the closet. Now tell us what you are doing here?”
“Certainly, be sure, I glad tell you everything I know much but first maybe I have drink water – I have been in closet all night all day nothing to eat nothing to drink.”
“Of course, I’m sorry!” Sarge said handing him a canteen of water.

THE LABORATORY
Sarge approaching the strange ‘boy’, extended his hand again, cleared his throat, said, ‘Nice to meet you Mr. Lu, they call me Big ‘S’; the gentlemen on my right, is my son, we call him Little ‘S’; and the final member of our team is Dr. Kim, we call him Spook. Pulling his hand back from the introductions, Sarge couldn’t help but notice that Mr. Lu’s hands were soft and supple, not the hands of a ‘working-boy’. Something in his gut was telling him there was more to Mr. Lu than met the eye.
“Those are names? Who name people such names?” the ‘lad’ asked reaching out to grasp Sarge’s hand.
Laughing Sarge replied, “No they are just nicknames.”
The ‘boy’ smiled and said, “You Americans have funny customs!”
Sarge suggested, since they had not eaten since yesterday, they find an empty table and break out some PIRs and C-rats (rations). Looking around the room he found a working Bunsen burner (weird he thought, everything in this lab is still operating, even the lights and air conditioning). He opened a couple of packs of instant coffee; the Captain supplied a couple more. After finding a clean beaker he soon had coffee brewing.
They sat around the table sharing their meager fare with their newfound acquaintance. They could hardly contain their excitement about finding him. He could tell them more about Pac Toul than they could ever uncover on their own in a week. Unfortunately they didn’t have a week - they would be very lucky if they had the rest of the day.
That Blue Bereted son-of-a-bitch was still out there somewhere. Remembering they had only found the Russian Colonel’s blood soaked blue beret, but not the Colonel himself. He and his ‘cavalry’ could return at any time Sarge thought.
As they ate the Cs and sipped the hot coffee they all began to feel better. Their clothes were drying, the hot coffee had knocked the chill off and the food boosted their spirits; but they couldn’t afford to get too comfortable – they still had a job to do.
Sarge’s ‘gut feeling’ had to be satisfied. ”Mr. Lu," he said, “that’s a fine looking hat, could I see it please?”
“Hat…? Hat…? No sorry… old Cambodia man custom… never remove hat in company of strangers!”
“Hummm… “  Sarge said, “heard lots of old Asian customs, but never that one.” Looking directly at his son, he quickly said, “Throw me his cap Little ‘S’…NOW!” Unhesitatingly Little ‘S’ grabbed Mr. Lu’s cap before he could reach up and grab it and tossed it to Sarge. As he did so the most beautiful, luxurious, shiny jet-black hair cascaded down ‘his’ shoulders and onto the back of the white overalls.  
“Well I’ll be a money’s uncle,” Little ‘S’ said surprised, “Mr. Lu your not a man at all your a girl!”
A girl she wasn’t. She was a gorgeous young Asian woman, perhaps 25 years old with silky shoulder length jet-black hair. Nestled in the smoothest lemon colored skin Sarge had ever seen were two of the most captivating beautiful dark eyes imaginable. Sarge thought, ‘In the US of A this girl would be on the cover of a magazine.’
“What’s the meaning of this, why the subterfuge?”
“I'm sorry”, she said dropping the fake accent. “I was afraid; one never knows whom to trust around here. I’m sorry but as a young woman I couldn’t let my gender be discovered until I was sure who you guys were.”  
The Captain began the ‘interrogation’. First he wanted to know some details about her: who she was, where was her home and how did she get to Pac Toul?
“I am from the Republic of China, the area which you call Taiwan. I speak basic Mandarin, French and English. I go, no the right word is went, to the National Tsing Hua University. I earned a Masters in Chemistry and a BE (Bachelor of Engineering), of all things, in Mechanical Engineering. Well I suppose the word ‘go’ IS correct I am pursuing further degrees that I hope to obtain someday. Oh yeah, and I hold a Black Belt in Karate!”
“Your a little late for that tidbit of knowledge,” Sarge moaned rubbing his ribs.
The Captain continued, “How did you end up here?”
Miss Lu began her story, at the very beginning, by stating hers was an almost unbelievable saga, unless you had been present to witness it in person, one would doubt the veracity of the tale.
She emphatically stated what she was about to relate sounded like science fiction. Later, after her story ended, she would demonstrate all the fantastic feats of science that she was about to talk about; and this, she said, would prove dramatically how authentic the story was she was about to tell.
“Begin Miss Lu at the beginning and don’t leave a word out, this is captivating beyond my wildest dreams. We possess extensive backgrounds in engineering and telecommunication. Get as technical as you want. We’re here to learn,” said Captain Scarburg.
Miss Lu’s’ exquisite beauty did not go un-noticed by Spook, stammering he muttered out, “Miss Lu…. Miss Lu yes…. Yes… You are… I mean I agree!”

*  *  *  *  *

She started out rather slowly, picking her words very carefully thinking they might believe that she was not being quite honest with them. But as the story deepened she spoke more freely. This was almost verbatim the story she told:
She began by stating two of  ‘les hommes en argent’, (the silver men) as she would refer to the ones who ran this Pac Toul facility, first approached her in the University’s Physics lab on her university’s main campus.
She continued her story. “I was working on a program concerning chemical composition of radiographic images for my professor. The professor was trying to convert a basic photographic process into, what he called, pixels. He was trying to convert the photographic information that was represented by a fluctuating wave into something he was calling ‘digital’ datum represented by ones and zeros. I don’t understand the entire process the professor was attempting but I have learned a lot about his work since coming here. These ‘silver men’ are working on some of the same concepts; however they are far more advanced.
The professor believed, and I do too, photography has to be one of the greatest inventions in the whole of history. We take it for granted but the world can be perceived through pictures,” she said. “The professor said photographs are tiny time capsules. A moment of time is Oh, how right he was I just wish he knew how much.”
“So,” said Spook, “you attended the University working with your professor on some higher principles of the photoelectric properties of photography and two ‘silver men’ came to visit. What happened next?”
“Funny, this is where things gets scary! Our University has government contracts both with the Chinese and the United States. The projects we worked on, as you could imagine, fell into the highly classified area. Entrance to the labs is extremely restrictive. Identification badges must to be worn at all times. We must past not one, but two different guard stations before getting into the lab area. Hearing no one approach, I turned around from my workbench and there they stood! I was startled. No not just startled - they scared the hell out of me!”
Spook anxiously awaiting the next word breathlessly asked, “Yeah... yeah, what happened next?”
“Well,” said Miss Lu, “they indicated I would be coming to work for them; now there was no ‘asking’ or ‘requesting’ or even a ‘please,’ but even stranger…. they never spoke a word to me!”
“Hold on,” said the Captain, “you just said they approached you and spoke to you!”
“No, what I said was ‘they indicated I would be coming to work for them’, but they never uttered a word from their mouths. It was as if I had earphones on and could hear their words inside my head. Their mouths never moved! In fact they have NO MOUTHS to move. Their craniums are elongated with large black almond shaped eyes. We call them ‘the silver men’ or ‘les hommes en argent’ since everyone here at Pac Toul communicates in French, but the silver is only their clothes or uniforms, their skins are a gray, ashen color.    
I glanced away from them for a moment and felt faint then everything went dark, although it was mid-day. When the lights came back on and I was beginning to come to I was inside, what I thought was an airplane. I found out ‘airplane’ was a gross understatement.”
“What do you mean Miss Lu?’ Please explain what it looked like!” questioned Spook.
“Well, I’ll do the best I can – I don’t remember much about the inside. As I stepped down a set of stairs that descended from the center of the craft the cool fresh outside air smacked me in the face and I regained my full senses. Walking away from the craft I turned and looked back and what I saw was scary! I mean spooky scary!”
“Describe it!!!” Asked Little ‘S’. “What did you see?”
“Okay, here goes: it was a huge circular disk approximately, I’m going to guess, 100’ in diameter. Did I say it was huge, okay if not I’ll say it again HUGE. Just like everyone who has seen an U.F.O say, it was like two china saucers sitting rim to rim, one flipped upside down on the other. Here it’s hard to explain – think of the circular body divided into four ringed sections. The first, or bottom section, would be the upright china saucer. The other upper portion, the over-turned saucer, was made up of three separate sections or ‘rings’.
I need to tell you about it’s covering. The bottom saucer ‘ring’ was spinning – I mean really spinning – causing a loud humming noise. It reminded me of standing next to a rushing waterfall, or a jet engine at take off As this bottom ring spun, it glowed bright orange that appeared to be hot; however, I didn’t feel any heat emanating from it but I could feel the rush of air it caused.
The really strange thing was the static electricity that jumped from it to the ground. It danced all around the ‘craft’. These electric sparks caused a loud crackling noise. Since the Earth is negative charged I assume the ‘craft’ must be positively charge, at least that fiery looking ring was.
The first section, above this bright orange spinning section was a silver color. But, not aluminum, I’m thinking it was more like platinum! I thought of manganese or chromium, but no, I’m sticking with platinum. It was stationary and did not move. 
The most interesting feature on it was four large portholes along the front, each circular and about 3’ in diameter. Inside I could see one of the ‘visitors’ at each porthole, dressed in golden suits, sitting in seats staring out at me.”
Sarge responded, “I thought you said they wore silver uniforms.”
“The ones who work with us do but the ones piloting the ‘craft’ wore gold suits. More about them a little later.”
I’ll go on. In between each porthole was a column. They appeared to be plastic or glass but whatever - they were transparent tubes about 1’ wide and 5’ high. Lightning like fire was running up and down the inside of those tubes.
“How many tubes were there, and what did they do?”
“Let me think – five, yeah five. One between each of the four portholes, that’s three and one on the right and one on the left of the end portholes, would make five.
If I forget, remind me to tell you another observation I noticed about this ‘ring’ later.
Oh, what did the tubes do you ask? Scientifically speaking - little bolts of lightning ran up and down them...! Seriously tho’, I have no idea what purpose they served! Oh, almost forgot, over each porthole was a symbol:  the first one had the outline of a man' face; the second looked like a lion; the third had, I guess, a cow and the last one was an image of a bird!
One of them asked, “What did these symbols mean?”
“Simple answer: Didn’t know then and don’t know now! But they must be important they are sewn over our pockets on these white jumpsuits.”
Over the porthole ‘ring’ was another ‘ring’ exactly the same width as the porthole ‘ring’. But this ‘ring’ was gold colored, gold plated or who knows – it might have been made of gold!”
The final ring extended up to the top of the craft where a large, what appeared to be an observation dome, was located. This ‘ring’ was gold too but the dome was not. It was transparent like glass but tinted shiny blue. It was hard to see through the tinting but there was a ‘visitor’ sitting up there too in a gold colored spacesuit watching every move I made. There was some type of internal light shining on him from, what I guess, was an instrument panel that caused him to be more illuminated than those at the portholes. The lights shining on his golden suit gave the impression that he was on fire. Maybe the four at the portholes had theirs lights turned off, I don’t know. 
During the time I have been here I have determined their leaders wear the gold uniforms – reminds me of gold tinfoil, the others wear silver uniforms. The ‘golden boys’ are the ones that fly the ‘craft’ too because, like I said, the ones I saw in the portholes and the one in the observation dome were all dressed in this gold tinfoil type material.
“Was the ‘saucer’ floating or hovering?” one of guys asked.
“No it was sitting on legs – four of them. Now, I’m glad you asked – these babies WERE weird! They were like struts. Wide at the top and narrow at the bottom that came down and attached to a round stationary wheel. At the point where the strut joined the wheel was a ball-joint type fixture that divided into two parts, forming what looked like a inverted “V” – this wheel did not turn and was mounted on a 90 degree axis to the center of another wheel just below, which did rotate. The top wheel had no spokes the bottom wheel did – 7 spokes to a wheel. The whole wheel assembly could rotate at the juncture of the strut to the main body of the craft.
It was a wheel within a wheel.
Reminded me of a gyroscope. The rim of the bottom wheel was surrounded with round shiny studs or cleats about 5” or 6” in diameter, a couple of inches apart and stuck out at least a couple of inches.”
“How big were the wheels?” Little ‘S’ asked.
“I’d guess the top wheel was about 6’ in diameter and the bottom, bigger, I’ll say maybe 8’ or 10’. The whole craft sat about 15’to 20’ off the ground.
Around the whole craft was an eerie blue glow and I got the whiff of ionized air, I guess the whirling ‘ring’ caused it. That’s about it guys, best I can do.”
“You said to remind you about one of the ‘rings’,” they asked.
“Oh yeah, the ring above the portholes, the first gold one - when I went upstairs into the building I slipped over to one of the windows and the craft was still sitting there. The bottom ‘ring’ had stopped spinning and the humming roar had ceased too. The gold ‘ring’ above the portholes had dropped down and now covered the entire ‘ring’ that contained the portholes. Right in the center of this closed ‘ring’ was another blue oval with three gold colored pyramids joined with a white bolt of lightning.”
Miss Lu apologized, “I’m sorry guys I let my engineering degree get me carried away! I want to think I passed out and dreamed all this, but I really do not believe I did.”
The Captain spoke, Miss Lu, your throwing some heavy stuff on us. How long has it been since you got off that ‘craft’?” 
“We have no calendars, and aren’t allowed watches, radios, newspapers or television either, but I would guess at least six or seven months.” she responded. “I don’t even know WHERE I am. I just assumed they gave me an injection or sprayed me with some type of sleeping gas that knocked me out then they moved me to this place. I guess, to a different location in Taiwan.”
“Miss… Miss Lu…”, Captain Scarburg softly spoke trying not to alarm her,  “I hate to be the bearer of bad news… you are not in Taiwan…!”
“I’m not? Where am I?”
 “You are in Cambodia!” 
“No… no… this cannot be… Cambodia?” She began to cry.
“There, there, Miss Lu everything is going to be fine now that we have found you. We will make sure you stay safe.”
“Who else works with you? And how many of these ‘silver men’ are there? Where are they now?” asked the Captain trying to calm her down and reassure her of her safety.
“The people working here with me are very nice - but they are in the same predicament as I. They were abducted to come here to work too. I know at least two of them are Americans, and there are some from Japan and some other people, I believe are Germans… They are from everywhere. How many of our captors are there? I know exactly, I’ve counted them so many times - there are 21 of them here. Maybe more on the ‘craft’
The Captain asking one more question, Miss Lu, the other prisoners here what type of training do they have?”
“They are all scientists. Their fields varies but most are, as far as I can tell, experts in, radio, television, electronics some are physicists, and I know one is an astronomer. Some of the others, I either can not remember or never knew.”  
Spook jumped in, “That’s okay Miss Lu, where are those other scientists now?”
“During the night when all the shooting and gunfire was occurring in the swamp the ‘les hommes en argent’ got nervous and kept constantly communicating back and forth with each other. When they talk to each other we ‘captives’ cannot hear what they say; even when they are standing next to us talking to each other, we hear nothing but silence. About 3 or 4 am this morning I heard a loud purring sound, reminded me of a cat but more mechanical sounding. Looking out the window toward the left rear I saw that same ‘craft’ object I described earlier floating or hovering about 5 or 6 feet off the ground, and a ladder was sticking out the bottom.”
“Hold on Miss Lu, are you telling us this object was the same one that brought you here - the ‘flying saucer’?”
“Captain I’m not calling it anything, I’m just telling you what I saw and yes it was the same one or one just like it! Next thing I saw our captors starting herding everyone out of the building into that round polished gold/platinum looking thing.”
Spook asked, “How many other ‘workers’ are there and why didn’t you go?”
“I realized they were taking them somewhere so with all the hustle and bustle, the shooting, the scrambling around no-one noticed me get into the closet and squat down in the corner. I put my hands over my head and shut my eyes. The machine made a roaring noise as it left, similar to the sound of a jet engine, about as loud too. Oh, yeah, how many workers? There are twenty other captors, not counting myself. 
I listened to the gunfire getting closer, could feel the building shake when the explosions went off, but I just kept hiding in my closet until Sarge shot the hell out of it, scaring the shit out of me!”
“Sorry ‘bout that Miss Lu,” Sarge mumbled.
Spook said, “Miss Lu, are you saying the ‘flying saucer’ can accommodate 42 persons?”
“Well, there are twenty-one of us, and twenty-one + of them, so yeah, I suppose they were going to put me in there too. That would make 42, but hell you could put twice that many people in that thing easily.”
“Did these ‘people’ ever tell you anything about themselves? Where they are from? Why they are here? Anything?” asked Little ‘S’, falling back into his Intelligence Officer role.
“No, they never discussed their personal lives…. except once when one of them was giving me some work assignments – he (it) slipped and said they had come to Earth before. He said his name was Anhur.” 
“Anhur...!! His name was Anhur? He had visited Earth before? When? How many times?” 
“He didn’t say – but I could tell by the way he acted I wasn’t supposed to know that information. This same ‘fellow’ Anhur seemed to like me and was very kind – saying ‘please’ when assigning tasks to be performed, not demanding as the others did. He never seemed to get agitated, like some of the other ‘visitors’ would. But as a whole ‘the silver men’ treated us decently – the food is good and we are furnished clean clothes and decent sleeping quarters. Although their mannerisms are different from ours I believe they are not dangerous. The only reason I stayed here, well a couple of reasons:  first I liked the research I was doing and the knowledge I was obtaining and second I didn’t know which way to go to escape. Although I thought I was in my own country we're still in the middle of nowhere!
 One strange thing happened to me one day that I need to tell you about.”
“What… what… this is exciting.”
“The ‘good’ visitor and I had been working on a project of theirs and he approached me, when no one was around, held out his hand to me. It contained something that he wanted me to have. I took it from him and later, when alone, looked at the object. It was a scrap of plastic sheeting with some numbers and words on it that made no sense to me.”
“Do you still have this piece of plastic?” Little ‘S’ excitedly asked.
“Yes it’s right here hidden in my notebook,” she said as she pulling the small folded sliver from her documents and handed it to the Captain. Sarge and Spook crowded around Little ‘S’ to get a better look at what the piece of plastic contained. Little ‘S’ slowly removed the mysterious piece of plastic. Written on it were these words:

 1st Section, Book 26, Chapter 1, Paragraphs 5 – 26

Taking the scrap of plastic from Little ‘S’ Sarge asked, “Did he tell you what this meant?” 
Miss Lu shook her head ‘no’.
“Do you have any idea what it is about?”
Again she said no. “You guys got any ideas?” Little ‘S’ and Spook both shrugged their shoulders.
Sarge finished by stating the obvious. “Its got to be important or ‘he’ wouldn’t have taken the risk to past it on to you Miss Lu. We’ll just have to figure it out. Just on its merits it is saying something is probably written in Paragraphs 5 through 26 of Chapter 1, Book 26 of Section 1. This might explain who 'the silver men' are. Now ain’t that something! Miss Lu is there a library anywhere in this building, or a collection of books?”
“Sorry, no – I have never seen anything like that.”
 Sarge finishing with the small piece of, what appeared to be cellophane. He noticed that unfolded it displayed no fold marks. Walking over to Little ‘S’ he asked, “Son, fold this sheet, tightly, and place it on the palm of your hand.”
“What… you gone nuts Pop?”
“No, please, just do it – I want to try something.”
Little ‘S’ reluctantly complied but astonishingly, when placed upon his palm, the plastic unfolded, by itself, into its original flat sheet-like condition. “Get your knife and cut off a corner,” requested Sarge. Little ‘S’ tried but the plastic would not cut. “Here, take my Zippo and see if the corner will burn.” Little ‘S’ flipped opened the Zippo lighter. Using his thumb he struck the little wheel and a spark ignited the wick. Holding the flame to the cellophane-like sheet did nothing – it would not burn. “Hummm… won’t fold up, won’t cut and it can’t be burned. This damn piece of ‘whatever’ is practically indestructible! I wonder what it is?” he said as he put it into his ruck’.
“Okay”, enough of that,” said the Captain. “Now tell us more about this place.”
“All right, as I said, the professor thought photography had to be one of the greatest inventions ever. Going back to basic high school physics he understood when simple film is exposed to light a chemical record of the light is captured. The process involves many very small light-sensitive particles, which are in a solution, or a chemical on the film. These little particles undergo a change when hit by light. Once developed other chemicals react with the light-sensitive ones. 
After I started working here I learned when you take a photograph a moment in time is frozen. A vast amount of data, we never knew about, is stored in the visible light reflected from whatever object was in view. I wish Professor Lee had just an inkling of the datum the photographs contained.
Light is composed of photons. The theory is they move though space as electromagnetic waves. Without going into some technical data, I’ll say photons are made up of atoms. They possess frequencies too. These ‘les hommes en argent’ have figured out how to tap into these sub-atomic particles and convert them into words.”
Captain Scarburg jumped in. “You mean ‘convert them into pictures’? You said ‘words’ by mistake.”
“No words, is correct. I’ll explain. When a light wave strikes an object, depending upon the energy of the light wave, remember this you guys: ‘the energy of the light wave’, the frequency which electrons vibrates in the material will depend on the type material. The amount of external energy applied will determine if the light wave can hold on to its electrons and not produce protons of light. Guys, right now, forget everything you ever knew about photons and photography; this stuff we do is way out there in fiction land. It is beyond what you know as reality.
The main thing the ‘les hommes en argent ’ are interested in is what happens when light hits an object and is reflected. Some atoms in certain materials have loosely held electrons. The photograph’s atoms hold many free electrons that readily jump from one atom to another within the same material. When enough energy is applied, these energized electrons start vibrating. These electrons will come back out of the object as a light wave with the same frequency as the incoming wave.” ‘She finally stopped for a minute to catch her breath.
At this break, Sarge said,  “All of this particle, atom shit is giving me a headache.” He got up from the table saying he needed a Winston. He walked out the door, onto the mezzanine, down the stairs and across the floor to the outside morning air. Mumbling all along, “I’m leaving all this techno crap to the two pointy heads in that lab! Well from the sound of her the “three pointy heads” up there!”
After Sarge left, Miss Lu began taking again. “You both understand light possesses properties of both a wave and a particle. As a particle photons of light exhibit both wavelength and amplitude frequencies. Photons have no mass but we know when light strikes any surface, the surface emits electrons called photoelectrons.  
We constructed a vacuum chamber allowing a picture to be inserted into one end; at the other end is a complicated apparatus called a Photoelectron Collector. Focus a laser beam of light and a tremendous amount of energy, remember I told you about ‘the energy of the light wave’ this is where it is used, on the object, in our case a picture; photoelectrons are released and will move toward the collector at the other end.
Next a current is created in the wires that connect the two ends. Once the photoelectrons are collected they are re-assembled to re-create the ‘slightly’ altered original picture. There are a couple of complicated instruments; one is called an 'Optical Homodyne Imaging Detector'. Inside this machine the end result happens but time does not permit detailed explanation at this time. Gentlemen this is merely a kindergarten version of the science that is being performed inside this machine. I emphasize, they use a tremendous amount of electricity to perform these tasks.”
Captain Scarburg spoke, “So you are telling us you can transmit pictures over a distance using this ‘collector’ thing?”
"Captain, transmitting of data is already being accomplished everyday, this is multitudinous more complex than that. When I arrived I had to piece together most of what went on here. I believe, these 'silver men’ started out, like you said trying to broadcast pictures, not like our television, but somehow different.
I really believe it was more than over the air transmission; they were sending information in something they call ‘digital’ format. They named the units of data ‘bits’ and assign binary values of 1 or 0, just like my professor was trying to do. They then combine the ‘bits’ into ‘bytes’, which can represent single characters of text or individual dots on photographs that they call ‘pixels’. A name they stole from my professor. I do not know if I told them or they ‘read’ my mind but they further developed my professor’s 1s and 0s concept. But I truly believe they already possessed the technology for the transmitting of information, they were working on something bigger, much bigger!”
The Captain spoke looking puzzled, “This knowledge is big!”
“As the saying goes, ‘Oh, you ‘ain’t seen nothin’ yet’, ‘Miss Lu said. These ‘people’ along with our help have developed a method to not only to send a picture but they have discovered, down on the sub-atomic level, additional data that has been captured and stored on these pictures when they were taken.”
Spook said to Miss Wu, “You lost me there!”
“Thanks, Dr. Kim, I’ve been lost with their technology for a long time. I found out they have broken atoms down to what we always thought was the atoms basic level – the electron, neutron and protons.  
The  ‘les hommes en argent’ have discovered electrons, neutrons and protons ARE NOT the basic building blocks of atoms. They have found information is stored deep within atomic particles. The Nano area, as they call it. They have learned how to retrieve this information and manipulate it for their own use.”
Spook mumbles, ‘I’ve got two doctorates and I’m still lost, the Nano what?”
“Okay, I don’t exactly understand what they do or how it is done. But in simple English they have tapped into a whole new dimension of particle science knowledge we never knew existed.
Someday this will be a whole new field of scientific study.
As I said 'the silver men’ call it Nanotechnology. What I actually do understand, and this is going to blow your socks off…see all those boxes and boxes of photographs along the wall?” The Captain and Spook both nod in agreement.
“They can insert any photograph from any one of those boxes into one of their machines. And, you all have already found, I’m sure, the large power plant outside; charge the photo with hundreds of thousands of volts of electricity. This charge causes the sub-atomic particles to separate these Nano particles they discovered or already knew about, of course, without actually splitting the atom (that would be bad). The original photograph appears on the other end but… but… wwwwith… sssssomething … eeeelse…..!!”
“What...? What...? Tell us!!!! Both of them said excitedly. They sensed this was something big! 
“What else appears on the photographs?”
“Sound… sound… and movement. They get both sound and movement from photographs!”
“Hold up for a second,” the Captain said as he got up and hurriedly walked out onto the mezzanine. Leaning over the railing and looking toward the hole at the front door he yelled, “Pop! Pop!” His voice echoed in the large open chamber as he yelled again, “Damn it, POP where are you?” His voice echoing even louder this time.
Sarge sticks his head inside and yells back. “What! What the hell do you want?”
Little ‘S’ said, “Get back up here, quick. Miss Lu has something you need to listen to!”
Sarge walks back through the hole imitating the front door. Flicks his un-smoked cigarette butt out into the front yard and thinks, ‘I hope this ain’t more atom particle junk. They ought to understand by now I don’t grasp nothin’ about such stuff!’
Sarge hurries back up the steps; walks back into the room. Pulls out a chair making a terrible screeching noise as the metal legs slides across the floor. And then he tries to sit down as quietly as possible.
Miss Lu slightly annoyed continues. “ I said these ‘les hommes en argent’  insert a photograph into one end of these machines and retrieve a copy of the picture on the other end. But when the finished product emerges it is complete with its own movie track!”  They are getting the actual words that were being spoken at the time the photographer took the picture!!!!
Now THIS did peek Sarge’s interest, “Words…! Words…! What kind of words?”
“I do not know how to explain the process any plainer. I’ll just have to show you.” With this she got up from the table and moved over to one of the big metal machines - there were four of them. Sarge thought they reminded him of old pinball machines, in a funny kind of way.
She asked them to gather around the machine to observe the demonstration. Once all four had assembled around the device Miss Lu asked Spook if he would be so kind to get her a photograph from one of the boxes. Any box, it does not matter, and any photograph that he chooses would be fine.
Dr. Kim rummaged around in the boxes looking at first one then another picture. He would stare intently at one shake his head and toss it back. After a number of discards he finally settling on the ‘one’. A photograph with a caption which read “President Abraham Lincoln reviewing Antietam battle field with Allen Pinkerton and Major General John A. McClernard, Oct 3,1862”.
He thought if she gets anything from this picture I will be surprised. It’s over a hundred years old! 
Walking across the room, not toward Miss Lu, but directly to Little ‘S’, “Take a look at this, what do you think?” Said Spook handing the picture to the Captain. Spook had already learned, in addition to his scholarly knowledge, Little ‘S’ considered himself quite an amateur historian. The ‘War Between the States’ as he referred to the Civil War, being a favorite of his.
Little ‘S’ grasped the photo. Walked over to a good light source, and surveyed the picture quite absorbedly.
Little ‘S’ motioned Big ‘S’ to come view their find. When the three of them had their heads close together, Little ‘S’, in a hushed voice so that Miss Lu wasn’t able to hear their conversation, sighing, said, “Well, this picture is the real thing. This is a photograph taken after the Battle of Antietam. “Ahem”, he said, “as we in the South refer to it as the ‘Battle of Sharpsburg’; as I recall, the battle took place in September of ’62. The man on the left, in the derby hat, is Alan Pinkerton. He started the Secret Service. Of course everyone recognizes Ol’ Abe Lincoln in the middle who had come to survey the battlefield. The general on the right, I suppose based upon the caption, is General McClernard; however, I’m not too familiar with him.
I have seen this picture many times before. This is quite a famous photograph and the photographer was none other than the distinguished Civil War photographer, Mathew B. Brady; however, let’s not provide Miss Lu with any more information than she needs.” Turning to her he asked,  "Miss Lu do you have a pair of scissors?”
“Well, let me think, yes, I think so, Captain. There should be a pair in the work desk behind you,” she said pointing at the desk with her finger. The Captain retrieved the scissors and neatly removed the caption identifying the photograph and he, sighing, handed it to Miss Lu.
“First,” she said, “the photograph must to be processed through the Magnetic Synchronizer or as we call it the Magsync. I’m just a chemist, so I cannot begin to explain the theory behind how it works. I have heard others here say the Magsync manipulates atoms on the molecular level, in that Nano area.
Whatever happens prepares the photograph to allow sounds and images to be extracted. In scientific terms – it just works. The team, to which I am assigned, never worked on the Magnetic Synchronizer. I’m sorry I cannot tell you more about how it performs, or whatever it does. All I know is it uses a tremendous amount of energy.”
She smoothed the photo out. Straightens the corners and carefully inserted it, face down, into the adjustable picture size slot at the front of the Magnetic Synchronizer. Pushed a quarter-sized button and almost instantly the original emerged from a slot next to the one she had just used. The photograph is next inserted into a second slot, face side down again; she flips a switch; pushes a couple of buttons with strange symbols or writings on them; lights on the device started blinking and the machine began to hum. 
The three men looked at each other. All were thinking the same thought…. that sound this machine was making was exactly the same humming sound that big white disc thing out by the river makes.
In just a few seconds Miss Lu walked from the head of, what could be called the front, of the device to its rear and pressed a switch. This switch had those odd looking symbols on it too.
Immediately, upon touching the button, a little drawer about ¼ inch thick and about five inches wide slowly and silently slid out. Lying on the little emerging shelf could be seen a round glistening object resembling a round thin piece of lustrous silver metal.
She reached down and picked up the shiniest circular metal-like disk that any of them had ever seen. Sarge immediately thought of a highly polished metal 45-rpm vinyl record, but totally slick. It lacked grooves and was about half the size of a record.
Each in turn wanted to feel and touch the beautiful round marvelous object and identify the composition material. Their first thought - metal - no, plastic - no, it must be some type of unknown polymer substance. The little circular disc felt extremely light. And when held up in front of their faces their images were as plain as if they were viewing themselves in a mirror.
 Removing the little ‘metal’ disc from the first machine she let the men examine it. She then used the disc to perform a procedure in another smaller machine. She pressed a symboled button. As before a little drawer exactly like the first came silently sliding out.
This time they all moved closer to get a better look at that little drawer. When it slid out and stopped they noticed it had an indented section that was exactly the same diameter as that lustrous disc.
“Miss Lu placed the shiny disc in the groove and again pressed the button. The tiny drawer reversed its course and disappeared within the machine. The small door in front closed shut.
This device had, what appeared to be, a small television screen built into the machine above the drawer device; however, the screen size was no more than about 10 or 12 inches in size.
Sarge thought, ‘Never did see a TV this small. Guess they haven’t heard about those new 21” jobs.”
But as soon as she had pushed the button an image appeared on this small TV screen. The screen wasn’t a TV. It was showing an image of the photograph… there was Mr. Lincoln, General McClernard and Mr. Pinkerton but….oh no…it can’t be…this has to be trickery…the three men on the photograph...no it wasn’t just a still photograph anymore, these images were moving. Moving as if they were on a television show, but something else… they…. they were now IN COLOR and TALKING to each other!!!! 
  In the background, could be heard the words, partially indistinct:“Mr. President I  (indistinct word) it would  (indistinct words) better if you put your hat back on.”
The President replied, “Dag nab it, Mathew, ever since Mary give me this darn stovepipe hat I always have to have my picture took with it! I hate this dab blasted thing!”
General McClernard laughed and said, “Sir your admiring public has gotten used to that hat." 
Mr. Lincoln motioned to Allen Pinkerton, “Git into this here dad burn phottygraph Alan. I need somebody to make me look good.” All three men in the picture laughed. “Git on with it Mat….” At the word ‘Mat’ the ‘moving color photograph’ stopped, ending Miss Lu’s demonstration.
“That’s as long as we have been able to record a ‘photograph’, said Miss Lu. “That’s what we have been working on recently, trying to extend record time.”
At first Sarge, Little ‘S’ and Spook just sat there. They did not look at each other. They were flabbergasted. All they could do was stare at the now blank screen. Then Sarge started laughing, not just a chuckle but also a big belly guffaw.  
“What is so funny?” Little ‘S’ said quizzically. 
“Who would have thought Abe Lincoln sounded like Walter Brenner (TV star of The Real McCoys of the early ‘60s)!” Sarge said still snickering. “I bet if this thing played longer Abe would have been limping too (Walter limped in the TV series)!”
After the laughing session the Captain was the next to speak seriously. “Miss Lu I do not want you to take what I am about to say the wrong way – hell, how else can you take it - Miss Lu, I know you have worked here for a while, and you mean well... but somehow or by some ulterior motives these ‘silver’ guys have fooled you all.
This is some kind of illusion – this machine is obviously hooked up to some kind of Hollywood movie making equipment that delivers, I must admit, a frigging, excuse the French Miss Lu, good product. Something like this would surely sell like blazes back in the States.” Laughing, he said, “Walter Brennan did made a good Abe Lincoln ‘tho, I do admit?”
“She responded, “I can see how strange and unbelievable this is. At first it was to me too, but I found out it DOES work. This is REAL!!
What the ‘les hommes en argent’ were trying to do was expand the scope of the photographs with their sound - to push them to talk and move longer than just a few seconds that they now can capture. They believed they had the technology that could expand the movement and speech up into minutes, but we had not gotten that far…yet.
What you just witnessed on this demonstration is the maximum length that we have been able to produce movement and sound, about 30 seconds.
Another ‘captive’ told me they were close to producing sound from written items, such as documents, letters or manuscripts. She was a part of the team working on that. Can you just imagine what doors that would open up? You might get to hear the conversation that took place as the signers of your Declaration of Independence put their pens to that document.
Our instructors, I’m sorry, our captors call those little shiny circular storage devices Disc-Compactors; we just call them Compact Discs or shortened it to CDs.
At the current time the ‘les hommes en argent’ can only put something on a disc one time, it cannot be used over and over. We cannot use it again so we call them just a CD-R, recordable only.
We can put dozens and dozens of pictures on one disc but we are, at the current time, unable to erase the data and record on the same disc again. Our captors refer to them also as ‘Write Once Read Many’. We were currently working on a disc that 'the silver men’ say will be able to be used over and over and they termed it a Reusable Disc Compactors. We called it a CD-RW for ‘CD read and write’.”
“Miss Lu there must some trickery here somewhere!!”
“I know this is hard to grasp. Dr. Kim go pick out another photograph and I will process it through the ‘machine’ and proof to you there is no trickery involved.”
Captain Scarburg spoke up, “I’m tired of calling the Photoelectron Collector the ‘machine’. Thomas Edison invented one of the first moving picture machines; so I think we ought to call this machine an ‘Edison’, and that little sucker, let’s just call it a ‘CD Player.’ Is that all right with everyone?” Everyone nodded in agreement. 

DALLAS, TEXAS, 22 NOVEMBER 1963
This time Dr. Kim was going to find something that could not possibly be pre-loaded on film and already be in the Edison. He shuffled through dozens of different photographs. Settleling on exactly the right one, he pulled it from the box and carried it over and showed it to Sarge and the Captain. They nodded their heads in agreement.
Dr. Kim handed it to Miss Lu. She looked at the photograph and back at Dr. Kim and asked, “Do you all know this man?”
Dr. Kim answered, “Yes indeed we do, do YOU know him?”
“Sorry no, she answered, “is he someone important?”
“Put it in the Edison; and see if it can tell us!”
Miss Lu went through the same routine as she had previously done with the photo of President Abraham Lincoln. She inserted the photo, pushed the button, heard the hum, watched the lights flicker and extracted the “CD”; placed this new version into the little opening and watched it slide back into the machine and punched the ‘play’ button. They, breathlessly, waited for the event, if any, to unroll on the little TV screen.
They all thought they had Miss Lu this time. She was from Taiwan, there was no way she would know who was on this photograph. They believed whatever she was attempting to do nothing was going to happen. This was all some kind of farce, a stunt, a magic trick a…. well they ran out of descriptive ways to try to rationalize what they saw on the President Lincoln ‘CD’.
Although in their logical minds the three men assuredly ‘knew’ nothing was going to happen. Spook, Little ‘S’ and Big ‘S’ just couldn’t help themselves, they all squeezed in as close as they could to get a better view of the tiny television screen.
A faint glow began to brighten the screen – Dr. Kim realized he wasn’t even breathing and sucked in a lungful of air and slowly exhaled. Scenes on the little television started to appear. Although the images were not really plain yet, they could tell it was a man standing on the outside of a building.
The scene on the screen cleared a little more. They could now vaguely see, what appeared to be, a young man dressed totally in black. He was holding a rifle in his left hand with the butt supported on his hip. In his right hand, close to his chest, and underneath his chin was, what again seemed to be, two newspapers. A pistol could be seen sticking out of his pant’s waistband on his right hip.
More and more details were beginning to become apparent but Dr. Kim, Sarge and the Captain were not surprised as to what they thought was starting to materialize on the little screen – they knew the photograph was LEE HARVEY OSWALD.
They knew his Russian wife Marina, had taken the photograph, behind their house in Dallas, Texas. They also remembered police officials later would use this very same photograph to establish one of the pieces of concrete evidence proving Lee Harvey Oswald and his Italian 6.5 mm Carcano rifle, shown in the photograph, assassinated President John F. Kennedy on Nov 22, 1963!
A spontaneous GASP erupted from all three men as the image became perfectly clear!!
What they were seeing was impossible!! The man's face that finally emerged in the picture was...was...well it wasn’t LEE HARVEY OSWALD!!
Suddenly there was a voice in the background on the photograph that spoke, “Hurry up Tony, get Oswald’s camera and get them pictures!!  
The scene on the screen moved a bit, as if the holder of the camera shifted positions and then was heard, “Shit, Bill hold still, the distance has to be perfect or the guys at the lab can’t get the heads to perfectly match.”
The “Lee Harvey Oswald look-a-like” spoke up and replied, “Come on Tony, get the damn picture, this gun is gettin’ heavy. We got to get this film back to the lab….”
Sarge remembered the lines - ‘be not afraid of greatness, some are born great, some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust upon them.’ He thought to himself, ‘we have just had greatness thrust upon us. This easily is one of the most fantastic, awe-inspiring, mind-blowing historical 30 seconds witnessed by any American in the history of the United States; and we did nothing, absolutely nothing, it was just thrust upon us.’
After the television screen dimmed to black they stood there dazed – did they see what they thought they saw? Spook said to the others, "That WAS the famous picture of Lee Harvey Oswald holding the rifle he used to shoot President Kennedy wasn’t it? I know it was. I’ve seen that picture too many times before!"
Sarge spoke next, “That ain’t right, it ain’t right, I’m telling you it ain’t right!”
Little ‘S’, as if awaking from a bad dream, nervously said, “Fellows do you realize what we have just witnessed?”
Spook said loudly, “Darn right, and Miss Lu I’m sorry for doubting you. That was amazing. No, there has to be a better word that means amazing times a thousand!” 
Miss Lu had been standing behind the men as they watched the scenes unfolding on the “CD” and she could not understand what all the fuss was about. ‘It was just some guy holding a rifle in his yard, big deal, she though, they’ve surely seen enough guns in their time,’ but she said, “Guys, who was that man? You all seem to think he is special or something – who is he?”
Almost in unison they replied, “We don’t KNOW WHO HE IS!!”
Now Miss Lu was really confused. They seemed to know who he was when she put the photograph into the Edison, but yet they are saying now that they didn’t recognize him, “What do you mean you don’t know who he is, earlier you said you did?”
Captain Scarburg finally spoke, “Miss Lu, you have heard of President John F. Kennedy, right?”
“Yes I know him, he was your President that was assassinated, right?”
“Good, now we are getting somewhere. What you just witnessed is earth shattering! The person that killed JFK has always been known to be Lee Harvey Oswald. He was shot and killed before his trial, but circumstantial evidence ‘proved’ he was the assassin. 
One of the biggest pieces of this evidence that pointed to his guilt was this photograph of Lee Harvey Oswald holding that Italian rifle seen in the photograph. The rifle was left on the 6th floor of the Texas School Book Depository in Dallas after the assassination. That rifle later proved to belong to Oswald and was further established as the actual weapon that killed the President.
Oswald always protested that the photograph was ‘doctored’ or faked, but no one believed him. Oswald protested vigorously that his head had, somehow, been superimposed upon someone else’s body. This body belonged to 'Bill', the person that was holding the rifle and newspapers.
Tests after tests were performed on the original, by our so-called government 'experts' and it was determined to be an authentic picture of Lee Harvey Oswald.
Today Miss Lu you have, with your CD, proved that Lee Harvey Oswald was right all along – the man on this CD, identified as ‘Bill’, was an Oswald imposter.
Your ‘CD’ PROVES Lee Harvey Oswald was framed for the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.”
“Thank you Captain, I know you realize the importance of this one photograph, but you must remember we have been doing this day in and day out for months. We have heard and seen the innermost secrets of some of the world’s most famous leaders, actors and politicians
She continued, ”There are things that I have witnessed that you would never believe, so I’m not surprised that this picture is important to you.”

THE MOVIES
“Miss Lu, after this, I would believe the Earth is flat if you said so!” spoke Dr. Kim. “Tell me one thing, no I have two things. First, where did ‘the silver men’ get all these photographs and second does the method work on movie film?”
“Let me say first, Dr. Kim, I do not know where the photographs came from. A lot of them were here when I arrived, and our ‘captors’ bring more in all the time.
As far as film, yes. We work on teams here, and there was a team dedicated to reproducing sound from old silent film. The old silent films dates back into the twenties, and yeah, they were able to put sound to them too.
“Wait a minute, Miss Lu, if you can only put, maybe 30 seconds on a ‘CD’, how do the ‘silver men’ handle moving pictures?” asked Dr. Kim.
“See that machine over there? It’s called a ‘Motion Decelerator’ she said, pointing to another grey metal machine. That gadget is like a copy machine – you run the film in and it copies frame by frame, or a series of multiple frames of the movie as photographs onto a CD. Then we run that CD through this machine,” she motions toward a different gadget, “called, yeah, you guessed it: a Motion Accelerator. Next into the Magnetic Synchronizer, then we send them through the same ‘Edison” that you have already witnessed; however, notice there is a smaller slot on the Edison for CD insertions. The ‘movies’ come out on another CD. We put them in the baby TV and just sit back, watch and listen.”
The Captain asked, “what if you were trying to reproduce the whole, or just part, of a movie file?”
“Oh, simple, all you have to do is flip this little switch here on top, (pointing to a little silver toggle-type switch) and it will produce one photograph, the whole thing, or only certain scenes within.”
“Miss Lu,” said Spook, “you are making me nervous. Where do you store the film?”
“Nervous? Why would I make you nervous? She said.
“I’m sorry Miss Lu," Spook ashamedly said, “I did not mean YOU were making me nervous, it was the implications of what you just said.”
“That’s okay, I just want to help – the films are stored in that 5-drawer filing cabinet, next to our fancy copy machine. They are filed by their names or titles.”
Dr. Kim, Sarge and the Captain all jumped, as if shot out of a cannon, and bolted to the aforementioned filing cabinet.
Miss Lu just stood there, frozen in the moment, and watched three grown men act like Mommy had just called them in for cake and ice cream! ‘What-in-the-devil are they up to!’ she wondered.
Little ’S’ got there first - yelling, “It’s got to be in the bottom drawer!” He swiftly jerked it open. “W”, “X”, “Y”, “Z”, damn, surely it’s got to be here!
Yes...! Yes...! Here it is...! Oh, thank you God...! Thank you! “Z”, he said holding the little metal can up to his mouth and kissing it.
Miss Lu said to herself, ‘those guys are crazy, what have they found ‘Zorro’, Zombie, Zogilla!’
“What have you found, Captain?”
“Zapruder...! Zapruder...! Oh heavens Zapruder!” he kept saying holding the can of film high above his head and dancing around the room with the other two joining in, all chanting “Zapruder...! Zapruder...! Zapruder...!” At last they finished yelling and all began to laugh.
The Captain, breathlessly, asked the other two, “Should we? Come on tell me, should we?”
“Damn straight, are you kidding? Responded Sarge, “who would ever get a another chance like this?” Spook heartedly agreed.
The Captain hurried over to Miss Lu and between breaths asked, “Can you run this through one of your machines so we see which frames we want copied?”
“Sure,” that’s the way we do it, unless we do the whole film. Remember the ‘Motion Decelerator’, it will do the trick.”
She took the small 8mm roll of Kodak film, walked over to yet another metal pinball looking machine and inserted the roll of film. Applying pressure to a circular ‘start’ button the tape began to play on a built-in TV. The TV screen lay flat on top of this device and the object that controlled the films advance was a small metal knob that she expertly controlled. They all huddled around the machine, peering down at the TV screen, straining their eyes trying not to miss any images.
In a moment or two the scenes that they all wanted to see appeared. “Stop! Stop right here. Can you copy frames 190 through frames 320? And run them through the Edison?” said the Captain.
“Sure, just give me a minute to separate those frames and then I will run them through the ‘Edison’.

DEALEY PLAZA, DALLAS, TEXAS, USA
As soon as Miss Lu had the selected frames of film-processed thought the Motion Decelerator the Magnetic Synchronizer and back into the Motion Accelerator she placed the film into the ‘Edison’ and announced to her waiting audience that the ‘show was about to begin.'
She laughed, and told them to get their popcorn ready. “I’m flipping the switch, Lights... Sound ... Action...!”
The little TV screen began to glow. The images appeared but were not immediately discernable; however, the scenes were becoming clearer and clearer.
Now the assassination footage of President John F. Kennedy was being viewed on the TV.
It was the famous Zapruder film showing the black 1961 Lincoln Continental convertible, Jacqueline in her pink suit, President Kennedy waving to the crowd as they happily journeyed down Elm Street in Dealey Plaza. Dallas, Texas.
“Who is this Zapruder that we are watching? Which one is he?” she asked pressing the ‘Freeze’ button to await an answer.
Dr. Kim answered, “Oh! Miss Lu, he is not in the film. Abraham Zapruder arrived at Dealey Plaza in Dallas, Texas just a few minutes before President John F. Kennedy arrived on the morning of November 22, 1963.
Zapruder had a Kodak Kodachrome II 8 mm home movie camera and came with Marilyn Sitzma, his receptionist that worked in his office. He climbed upon a concrete pedestal and began filmed 26.6 seconds and 486 frames of the President’s motorcade as it traveled down Elm Street, driving from left to right directly in front of his camera.
It has always been surmised at frame 190 Lee Harvey Oswald fired the first shot with the Italian bolt-action rifle we all saw in the earlier ‘CD’. The 6.5 mm bullet struck the rear of the President’s head.
He chambered, aimed and fired two more 6.5 mm Carcano bullets striking and killing the President of the United States and wounding Texas Governor John Connelly. 
By frame 320 Secret Service Agent Clint Hill will be seen getting upon the rear of the limousine as it speeds off under an overpass to Parkland Memorial Hospital where the President was pronounced dead! Please, Miss Lu, (anxiously begging) restart the film, please.”
Miss Lu pressed the restart button, the film continued. A man’s voice could be heard saying, “Here they come!” A woman’s voice behind the man said, “Take your time, I’ll balance you so you don’t fall.” In the background can be heard shouts and cheering. Suddenly from the left of the motorcade can distinctly be heard the very audible ‘crack’ sound of a rifle being fired.
The motorcade passes behind a road sign and just as it emerges another ‘crack’ is heard coming NOT from the same direction but THIS SHOT comes from behind and to the right of Mr. Zapruder and his camera.
The President falls backward and to his left grasping at his throat. Voices on the screen are screaming “Get down", “What’s happening?” Someone screams, “They’ve shot the President!” “(Indistinct yelling)””(Frantic screaming)”” (People calling for help).” 
Quickly in succession two more “cracks” of a rifle are heard but…. these two come from the same direction as the first shot. Agent Clint Hill is seen jumping upon the trunk of the limousine yelling, “Go! Go! Get going!” Mrs. Kennedy can be seen reaching toward the rear of the automobile yelling to Agent Hill -“Oh, what have they done? What have they done?
The motorcade with President Kennedy speeds off….
The screen slowly goes dark again…and once again absolute silence. Finally Miss Lu said, “Well tell me what was that? I saw your President Kennedy getting shot and the car speeding off. What was so important about that? I’ve seen that film before?”
This time Sarge pipes up, “Little Lady, it had previously been ‘proven’ that President Kennedy was killed by Lee Harvey Oswald, a lone assassin, who fired three shots with an Italian Carcano rifle from the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. I have heard many Italian Carcano rifles fired and three of those shots sounded like a Carcano coming from the left of the cameraman, Mr. Abraham Zapruder. Left would be back toward the Texas State Book Depository.
There was an extra rifle shot in there!!
It sounded, to me, as if it came from behind and to the right of Mr. Zapruder. It’s report sounded like a 30 ought six (30-06). The Carcano uses a 6.5 mm bullet and the 30-06 uses a 7.62 mm; when fired the two have two totally different sounds. Three of the shots heard sounded the same; one was different.
My conclusion:  There were two shooters in Dealey Plaza on 22 November 1963 and two different rifles shot President John F. Kennedy!”
“Damn, Pop! I have always trusted our Government, but I agree with you, that one shot was not a Carcano. I also agree, it came from behind and toward that ‘Grassy Knoll’ vicinity... Pop, there was another shooter involved that day! Why did our Government cover that up you suppose?”
Spook threw in his two cents, “This is unbelievable! Four shots, no doubt about it, three from the left and one from the right rear. What are we going to do about this?”
Sarge quickly answered, Spook I don’t know right now but believe-you-me we WILL find more answers. This isn’t the end, this is just the BEGINNING!”
“Speaking of beginning… hummm…Miss Ling….” said the Captain, “everyone in this outfit has a nickname, and since your joining up with us you must have one too. Ling means ‘Bell’ in Chinese, doesn’t it? I'm going to dub you 'Tinker.' Yep, from now on you are Tinker.
Ling Lu had the most puzzled look on her face. “What does he mean when he called me Tinker? Is Tinker bad? Or Good?”
Sarge laughed, “That’s good, Tinker's real good.”… And…
Sarge though, ‘Now we are back up to Four...!’

SARGE PACKS HIS RUCKSACK
The things that Tinker had shown amazed and mystified them, but it did one additional thing too. It had consumed most of the day! Sarge looked down at his watch – 1800 hours (6pm). ‘We’ve got to get moving - we’re burning daylight’, he thought.
Motioning to Tinker he said, “Tinker where are the blueprints, plans, directions or whatever to all of this equipment? Did the ‘silver men’ keep records? These gadgets are too big and bulky for us to do anything with. We are going to destroy this whole building and all the equipment when we leave, and that has got to be pretty soon.”
Tinker answering Sarge said, ‘les hommes en argent’ were worse than the German Nazis during WWII. They kept records on everything, and microfilmed it all too. Everything is in that black filing cabinet with the funny looking symbols on front (pointing to a cabinet over in the corner of the room).
"Spook how about getting out to that white disc thing up above the power plant and get a reading on where that thing is aimed. That might come in handy if we ever figure this whole thing out," directed Sarge.
“Roger, Sarge!” Spook was running out the door as he finished saying the word ‘Sarge’.
“Son, go get the rest of the Composition C4 and let’s charge this place up. Lets fire up every piece of equipment in this building! Put a couple of sticks on that generator and one on that big round white thing that Spook is checking on too. When you're through we are going to ‘Cut a Chogie’ (move out quickly), and we’re going to blow this place to hell!”
The plan all along had been for the team to find Pac Toul. Once there, if any information or equipment was found that was believed useful they were to return back to base with it. 
If that proved to be impossible, all was to be destroyed; otherwise it might fall into the wrong hands. If the choice was available, their means of escape was to follow the river northward toward the Thai border, cross over and make contact with our people over there. Now that Spook was with them this would be easier with his personal knowledge of Thailand and his ability to speak their language.
Sarge snatched open the filing cabinet drawers, removed all their contents and stuffed them into his rucksack. He had to throw away nearly all his personal items; his soap; shaving gear; poncho; extra “dry” socks; a jungle hammock and his toothpaste.
One object in his rucksack he simply would not discard – he thought it might come in handy later - the Russian colonel, ‘Thumper’s’, Tokarev 7.62 x 25 mm revolver given to Sarge when he was released from the 75th.
‘Hell, it all belonged to Uncle Sam anyways, he’ll never miss it and he’s a good Uncle he’ll issue me more (if I live long enough),’ he thought grunting as he swung the heavy ruck’ across his shoulder to his back.
Sarge and Tinker were swiftly stepping down the stairs two steps at a time as they heard the sound of boots striking the Mahogany floor heading toward them. Looking toward the front door they recognized Spook running back to report the completion of his assignment.
As Sarge finished tightening the straps on the ruck he hollered at Little ‘S’ who was upstairs finishing placing the C4 had now moved out onto the mezzanine. “Kill all the lights upstairs Son, and meet us downstairs when you get done.” The lights on the ground floor did not need to be extinguished - they had never been switched on.
The large area downstairs was getting dark as the sun began dropping below the horizon on another miserable Cambodian day. The group quickly walked toward the last rays of daylight streaming in the large hole in the western wall; all that could be heard were the heavy thuds of the footfalls of leather soled G.I. issue Army boots.
Standing in the ‘door’ they gazed out amidst the mangled remains of the well, the twisted Ma Deuce machine guns and the faint trail of blue smoke still filtering up from the aftermath of the previous explosions. Off in the distance along with the last rays of sunlight the sound of another monsoon thunderstorm could be heard developing. The storm was not the most pressing question right now Sarge wondered, ‘where do we go next to escape?’
Escape they must... but to where?
The original ‘Photo Shoot’ plan, back at Polei Kleng, was to capture or destroy the equipment at Pac Toul. ‘Hummm’, thought Sarge, ‘the best laid plans of mice and men’.
He had the building and all the surrounding structures ready to be instantly vaporized by the C4 but where were they to go after destroying them? Again, the original plans had them navigating upstream toward Thailand find friendly forces and join up with them until rescued.
‘Someone forgot to tell HQ that ‘upstream’ a shitpot full of Russians were waiting, with guns, big guns and plenty of’em. Mean Russians who wanted nothing more than to kill all of us and take the rucksack full of documents from my back’, thought Sarge. ‘I can’t let those Russki son-of-a-bitches get a hold of this information.
There’s got to be a way to escape... got to be... I just have to figure it out...’

*  *  *  *  *

Gradually the lightning display grew more intense, the storm was intensifying; at each flash Sarge could see figures hiding in and around the yard. ‘Come on,’ Sarge thought to himself, ‘get a grip, this is just my imagination.’
Settling down with his back propped against the doorframe, Big ‘S’ fired up a Winston, keeping his black Mickey Mouse rifle (M-16) nestled handily on his lap and the ruck’ tucked up close to his side. As the light blue cigarette smoke slowly floated out into the impeding storm Sarge drifted off into a melancholy mood thinking, ‘is this where it ends...? Did I fail...? Have I gotten them all killed...? Snapping back to reality...Not No...but Hell no...Tomorrow we’re getting our asses out of this place!!!
The next morning they were up early, had a small breakfast and began stirring around on the second level before daylight – the C4 charges that had been set the previous day were now being checked and re-checked. Everything seemed to be progressing smoothly. The sky was overcast and grey but if any news could be good, the good news was the storm of the previous night had ceased for the present.
All the charges were ready; Spook had taken coordinate reading on the white ‘dish’ thing out beside the river. Sarge was looking over The P.H.O.T.O. equipment making sure they had not forgotten anything, when unanticipatedly they heard a low whining roar off in the distance. Tinker yelled, “That’s ‘les hommes en argent ’, they’re coming back! That’s the same sound of the ‘hover’ thing that took the ‘others’ away!”
Sarge yelled to Little ‘S’ and Spook, “Okay guys, lock and load! Looks like we’re going to have unwelcomed company.” No sooner than this order was given they realized the whining noise seemed to be coming from directly overhead! 
“What the…” Sarge said as he heard a loud “thud” noise slamming against the corrugated metal roof. Another impact noise followed this, then another and another. It seemed like two or three “strikes”, at close intervals, occurred next. In a mere matter of a few seconds, at most, the violent impact noises stopped. The whining sound seem to get quieter, as if the ‘flying saucer’ that Tinker had described was leaving. What was all that about they wondered as they glanced inquiringly at each other?
Sarge signaled the other two men to follow him. He motioned Tinker to stay in the ‘workroom’ and put one finger to his lips to indicate ‘be quiet’. The three men hurried down the marble stairs, across the wide-open floor and cautiously approached the hole they were using as the front door.
Sarge went to one side, the Captain to the other – Sarge cautiously peeked through the hole to the outside of the building toward the Captain’s side. This procedure did not expose his head to gunfire from his side. The Captain did the same to Sarge’s wall. Spook stood un-exposed in the background hugging the nearest wall.
Neither saw anything out of the ordinary – the drinking well ‘volcano’ was still smoking; the ghastly minuscule remains of Teach and the Scout lay undisturbed in the place where they had been blown to bits.
Another signal by Sarge and all three men jumped up and ran outside, rifles with safeties ‘off’ ready to fire. They still saw nothing – Sarge motioned for the Captain and Spook to go around the right side of the building toward the river and he would go left to the other side.
Sarge watched the two advance to give cover fire, if needed. The Captain and Spook stopped at the Ma Deuce gun emplacement, at the right corner of the building, and slowly gazed around the corner of the building. The two turned back toward Sarge with the most anguished look on both their faces.
Spook who had approached the corner energetically and somewhat courageously with his rifle up and ready to fire. Now he held it with his two hands, limply, in front of him at his waist. Sarge saw this and thought Spook was losing his nerve and was about to drop his weapon. 
He motioned for them to proceed. They were hesitant, and did not move. They did not seem to want to venture any farther.
Sarge once again gave them the ‘Advance’ sign. Simultaneously he turned and slowly slipped his head around his corner to check for the source of the noise they earlier had heard falling on the roof.
“NO…! NO…! This couldn’t have happened! This can't be!! NO…! NO…! Sarge yelled. “Someone tell me this isn’t real!”
Now he knew what was wrong with Little ‘S’ and Spook...  he was seeing the same dreadful scene on his side of the building as they were witnessing on the river side – the loud impact noises they had heard earlier were BODIES!
The ‘silver men’ HAD THROWN their ‘captives’ out of the ‘flying saucer’ upon the sheet-metal roof of the ‘mansion’.
Sarge could see blood pouring from the bodies’ noses and mouths. Qualified as a medic he knew they had to have been alive when they were thrown or forced out of the craft.
It's been said 'dead people tell no tales'...that's might be correct... most importantly right now he knew ... dead people don’t bleed either!!!
He immediately ran over to the eight or ten victims lying in all sorts of contortions checking if any were still alive, none were, they were killed hitting the metal roof.
He quickly surveyed the area, saw nothing, and ran around to the riverside of the building thinking maybe he could save one or two of the victims on that side.
Arriving at that scene of carnage, Little ‘S’ and Spook were standing motionless looking at the dead ‘prisoners’ – no words were exchanged.
Sarge noticed a tear trickling down Spooks cheek. “Did you check them?” Sarge asked. Spook stood transfixed, he did not respond. Little ‘S’ nodded his head affirmative. “Any alive?” Sarge asked. Little ‘S’ just sadly shook his head ‘No’.
“What kind of people, no… what kind of animal, would do this,” Sarge said, speaking to no one in particular.
Spook answered, “You know Big ‘S’ every since we were upstairs and I first saw those symbols I have been trying to determine what language they are written in. I’ll be honest with you, I have never seen anything like them and you know I am, what they call, ‘an expert’ in code interpretation and languages. Man did they get that wrong I cannot interpret squat. Sarge you want to know what kind of 'people' they are? The only thing I can say their language is not used anywhere on Earth, that I know of! And I agree, animals...just plain animals.”
“Yeah,” said Little ‘S’, “they call me an expert in languages too and I have to admit I don’t have a clue either. So don’t beat yourself up.”
“But Little ‘S’ I haven’t had time to tell you and Big ‘S’ what I discovered when I checked the coordinates on that white ‘dish’ thing. I calculated exactly where they were sending all their information. I understand Little ‘S’ you are knowledgeable in the Earth’s history, how are you on the grand expanse of the universe?”
“Well, I can hold my own – but I know Spook you are an Astronomy nut… I mean that in a good way - so if it concerns the stars I’ll concede to your expertise. What did you find out?”
“It is known in professional astronomy circles that five of the pyramids in Egypt are aligned with the seven stars in the Constellation Orion. The three great pyramids correspond with the three stars in Orion’s belt. The pyramid Nebka is aligned with the star Saiph and pyramid Zawat uses the star Bellatrix. Two stars Betelgeuse and Rigel in Orion were not aligned. Well ONE of them is now: Betelgeuse. The big white ‘dish’ is pointing directly at that star!”
Sarge jumped in first, before Little ‘S’ could say anything, “What do you think it all means? I think the emblems painted on the disk and over the pocket on Tinkers coveralls could be those three pyramids. Now we need to understand the significance of the face, the lion, the cow and the bird that Tinker told us was painted on the front of the alien spacecraft. 
And Spook tell me about this star called Betelgeuse.”
Well from what we have already learned about the ‘silver men’ it’s seems apparent they are not from our planet Earth. They have been gleaning information about our society as far back as they can get photographs or film and they instill the datum on those “CD” things and transmit them via that white ‘dish’ to the star Betelgeuse. Betelgeuse is over 640 light years from Earth.”
“Uh, Spook how far is that in English,” asked Sarge.
“Well light travels at the speed of 186,2732 miles per SECOND. So 186,272 times 60 seconds in an minute times 60 minutes in an hour times 24 hours in one day times 365 days equals...equals...well hell without a paper and pencil... you get the picture it’s a damn long way.”
If Tinker was correct it’s possible they may have already developed extraction of voices associated with printed or written material. Who knows why or for what purpose, is anyone’s guess!”
Bewildered Sarge said, “Well if what you are saying Spook it would take over 640 years for the data to get to this piss ant star Tobaccojuice.”
“No Big ‘S’ Bettlejuice . This one is BETELGEUSE. But who knows, they may have found another way to transmit data faster than we have ever dreamed of. Who knows, maybe that is what they have been doing here all along.”
Spook conjectured. “If they have its mind boggling! We just do not have all the facts. That might be why they murdered the ‘captives’ to keep us from finding out how far their research had progressed. If we can ever figure our their mystery message: 1st Section, Book 26, Chapter 1, Paragraphs 5-26, maybe we will get some answers.”
“Well,” replied Sarge, “they’re a sadistic bunch! THAT’s a fact that I DO know!”

CHAPTER TWO

DANGER APPROACHES FROM THE RIVER
Sarge continued, “I know all this ‘saucer’ stuff is a mystery but someone else will have to sort it all out later. Right now, check out and count those dead ‘prisoners’ and let’s see if we can, at least, find some identification on them. I know their families would certainly want to know what happened to them. We will check with Tinker too, she may remember some of their names.”
In a few minutes all parties had returned from examining the corpses. They counted eighteen. Two were missing -Tinkers best guess was a man she didn't know and a German chemist - a woman by the name of Helga Friedmann.
Nothing was found on the bodies or in their pockets to id any of them – the only object found was a blood-smeared book. It had been found clutched tightly in one of the victim’s hand.
Sarge reached out and took the object from Spook noticing it was the Holy Bible with a big ‘Z’ scribbled in blood across the front cover. “Did you find this book Spook?”
Spook stopped talking to Tinker and turned toward Sarge, “The Bible? Yeah, I did Big ‘S’, I was just getting ready to tell you about it.”
“Who had it, a man or woman?”
“It was a woman….”
“That’s okay, don’t worry about it,” Sarge replied cutting off the rest of Spooks’ conversation.
Sarge looking down at the blood soaked King James’ English edition of the Bible said, “What was the victim trying to tell us? That ‘Z’ means something, but what…?
And why did they keep two hostages?”
“Big ‘S’ that’s what I have been trying to tell you. The woman clutching the Bible was barely alive when I removed a couple of bodies that had her almost buried”
“Go on!” Sarge said excitedly. “Did she say anything?”
“Yes… her almost inaudible dying words were about ‘the silver men”.
“What… what… did she say?”
“She was PRAISING them – she said ‘the silver men’ were fearful for the ‘prisoners’ safety when the gunfire in the swamp broke out and they only removed them for the 'prisoners' personal safety.
When they returned they were being lowered onto the roof of the main house using some type of levitation mechanism when it suddenly quit working and all the ‘prisoners’ were dropped onto the roof and killed. It was an accident,” she said, “those were her last words as she quietly died in my arms.”
“Well, I’ll be! What about that… I had them pegged all wrong!” Sarge said quietly shaking his head in disbelief.
Tinker chimed in, “She might be right Big ‘S’ there IS a big sundeck on the roof that opens directly to a set of stairs that enter the building.”
‘Tinker’, Sarge said, “would you run back upstairs and double-check to see if the dead ‘prisoners’ left any personal items behind that might identify them.”
“Sure, I’m gone.” Upon her return she handed a scrape of paper to Big ‘S’. It was a list of the ‘prisoners’ captured by the ‘les hommes en argent ’. A quick body count indeed revealed the two missing ‘prisoners’ to be a women and a man. Tinker knew the woman but not the man.
Off in the distance a slight roar could barely be discernable.
Sarge slipped the Bible into his ruck’, turned and looked at Spook and Little ‘S’. They too had heard the same sound.
What was it?
Which direction was it coming from? Was the ‘saucer’ returning? None of the answers to the questions was readily apparent. The rumbling roar increased slightly, Sarge questioned, “What is that?” Both men glanced at Sarge with unknowing bewildered looks on their faces.
Sarge walked a few steps toward the powerhouse by the river. He turned his head side to side as he walked trying to discern from where the sound was coming – the noise reminded him of far-off rolling thunder or artillery fire.
He thought he was right; it probably was just a monsoonal thunderstorm brewing off in the distance again.
About the time he had that discernment his dependable ears had obtained a bearing on the direction of the sound – it emanated from over the horizon toward the north or northwest. He remembered, the monsoon season in Cambodia; the thunderstorms come out of the southwest and traverse the country toward the northeast.
This ‘storm’ was already in the northwest and appeared to be heading directly south toward their precarious location. This wasn’t right, this wasn’t thunder – his gut told him this was something more sinister and deadly. He had heard that rumbling sound before, he reasoned, but he just couldn’t quite put his finger on where he had previously heard it...
Sarge, an ol’ strategic soldier who, like the saying in real estate - location, location, location, understood the plan of a battle was exactly the same. This was a poor location - the swamp at their back the river blocked the front. Sarge’s bones were telling him a battle was coming. With whom, he did not know. For what reason, he did not know either, but he knew they had to be ready.
Sarge ran back up the slight upgrade from the powerhouse to Spook and Little ‘S’ who stood dazed and apparently mesmerized by the recently discovered bodies. Sarge quickly brought them back to their senses when he starting yelling, ‘Grab that Ma Deuce and a couple cans of ammo and set her up down by the river. We got some un-friendly guests comin’ down the river heading in our direction!”
‘Oh, shit!!... ‘TINKER!’… Sarge remembered, ‘she’s still upstairs!’ Hollering at the top of his lungs, “Tinker...! Tinker...!” He saw her sneak a peek from the side of one of the upper windows.
“What!” She answered, showing as little of herself as possible.
“Get you’re ass down here, on the double, (Army talk for fast) troubles comin’!” Within seconds she was standing at his side seeking instructions. “Grab a can of that .50 cal ammo and carry it to the guys setting up down by the powerhouse.
Tinker grabbed a can, ‘whoa,’ she thought, ‘this is a lot heavier than it looks!’ Using both hands she managed to lift the can of ammunition out of the sandbagged bunker and struggling, managed to drag it somehow, to Spook and Little ‘S’.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge, as dangerous as it was, had to made one last sweep around the berm where ‘Tex’ ‘got it’. If a battle was coming, he thought he might not get another chance. What in the hell was so important?
Dog tags!!
He wanted to find ‘Tex’s dog tags or the boot that might contain one. He realized that anti-personnel mines were everywhere, and he was hoping during their climb over the berm they had not missed one.
It would have been real easy for Sarge to have said he couldn’t find the tags and get his ass out of the minefield, but a person couldn’t have known Sarge if they believed he had that in his nature.
He was tough, calloused and could cut a enemy's head off and piss down his throat without any emotion but he was loyal to his men and placed devotion at the top of his list.
He had already retrieved one of Jesse’s tags from ‘Sam’ the prisoner in the cave; he removed the one from Doc; had searched through the remains of the bobby trapped Ma Deuce and found one of Bonnie's tags; scratched through the scattered remains of Teach at the well and found his; now he needed only one of the dog tags that Tex had worn. This one last little piece of metal would account for all his team that had been killed.
Sarge felt this was part of mission completion to personally pay homage to his dead warriors.
He was about to believe it was hopeless in the search for Tex’s tags when a glint from a small piece of metal caught his eye. There they were lying undisturbed among the dirt, rocks and human remains scattered over the berm. He reached down and gently pulled the silver chain from the soil and picked the two tags up.
He looked down at the chains that held the two metal discs just retrieved from the muddy, blood filled earth and gently rubbed the dirt and blood from their surfaces with his thumb.
He handled them honorably and respectfully as a sad tear swelled up in his eye. He stood at attention and said out loud one of the few Bible verses that he knew,
“A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one’s birth” (Ecclesiastes 7:1).
Still speaking out loud, he solemnly read the words on the disc, as if reciting a prayer:
DE LUCA, JAMES B.
RA 38596768
O POS
CATHOLIC
(The first line is the soldiers name:  Last name first, first name, middle initial; Second line:  Serial number - RA Regular Army; Third line: Blood type and the Fourth line:  Religious Preference.)
At the end of the scripture recital and the reading of the tags Sarge stood at perfect attention and extended his fallen comrade the courtesy of a hand salute. As his snappy salute dropped from his green beret resting above his right eyebrow to his right side Sarge could be heard softy saying:
“Good-bye my friend, may God put you in charge of a Legion of Angels!”
Everyone who has ever served in the military have, what some refer to as a pair, others a set of dog tags.
These two metal objects are one of the few things soldiers have that individualizes them from other soldiers. These little pieces of metal – are their own two personal “Badges of Courage." They tell whom they are when living and identify to others who they were after death! These little pieces of flat worthless metal become invaluable ‘class rings’ of a military fraternity. No two soldier’s discs are identical; they are all different; each is unique to that individual.
The originals cannot be purchased but must be earned and are awarded to the bearer freely by the United States of America. For this reason Master Sergeant Robert Edward Scarburg, Sr. would risk his own life to retrieve those seemingly ‘valueless’ pieces of metal.
Worthless? Valueless? To whom, what price can be placed on a friend’s memory. Finding those metal tags fulfills an obligation that Sarge owed to his team – the same sense of duty he knew would be accorded him if the situations were reversed.
He had, now in his hands, one of each of his friend’s two identification tags; one he left with the body, or what was left of the body, for someone later to identify and perform their proper burial rites. The other tag he hoped to able to return to Graves Registration.
On the tags were the religious denomination of the deceased; thereby, allowing the proper ministers, rabbis, priests, or whomever to perform the appropriate type of burial services.
Meanwhile, back at the river the approaching noise was getting closer and louder. Little ‘S’, Spook and Tinker were becoming very apprehensive. They had the M2HB .50 cal mounted on its tripod and a belt of ammo was loaded and ready to fire. But they wanted professional help, “POP! POP!” yelled Little ‘S’ as loud as he could. “Get back down here we’re going to need help, and pretty soon!!” They knew Sarge was as professional as it gets. He was the epitome of the sayings, ‘When the going gets tough the tough gets going!
Sarge dropped the dog tag into one of his lower fatigue pocket, along with the others, and carefully watching for any little stick protruding out of the ground, managed to get off the berm without killing himself too.

*  *  *  *  *

Hearing their poignant call for help from the river, Sarge though, ‘what in the hell would they do without me?” He arrived at the .50 cal just as he saw two boats nosing their bows around the bend in the river about, maybe, a klick and a half (not quite a mile) out.
“Yep, I knew I’d heard that sound before," he excitedly blurted out, “American Patrol Boat, River (PBR); those are dual 220 horsepower ‘Detroit Diesels’ we hear purring. The ‘brown water’ Navy (U.S. Navy craft that patrol rivers) has arrived!”
Sarge further described the PBR’s: “those suckers have two M2HB .50 cals mounted on the bow, one also on the stern, a couple of 7.62mm M-60s Pigs (.308 machine guns) on the sides and the ‘piece de resistance ‘ is a 40mm cannon on the forward portion of the bow.
Spook added his two cents, ‘le morceau de resistance.’ huh Sarge?” Sarge just looked at him bewildered. Spook translated: “That is the most important part of the whole”
I don’t know what in the hell your talking about Spook but if you mean that 40 mm is the baddest of the bad, I’ll agree!”
Sarge smiling retorted, “Mark IIs, 32 footers. Now we’ll get out of here.”
Turning to ‘Tinker” he asked, “Please look inside that generator house, just inside the sliding door to the left, I think I remember seeing a pair of binoculars.”
Tinker without comment, hurried to the building, opened the large metal door and yelled back at Sarge, “Found’em, be there in a minute!”
Quickly Tinker’ handed over the large pair of binoculars to Sarge. He just as quickly had them up to his eyes and was peering intently up the river at the oncoming two boats. "No, this is not right!" he said. The others turned their attention from the boats upriver and focused their gaze on Sarge and his binoculars.
“What is it Pop?” Little ‘S’ inquired. “They are our boats, right?” 
“Yeah they are but…hummm, something’s not right,” Sarge said again. “I can see at least 5 men on the front boat but their uniforms don’t seem to be right, can’t quite make out the boat in back, and I don’t see an American flag flying from the sterns of either craft!”
“What are you getting at Big ‘S’,” asked, Spook. “You think they are not American?”
The boats were fast approaching, now only one klick upstream, “Damn...! Damn it to hell! I can see’em plain now, up on the bridge house, I can see…”
“What Pop? What...? What do you see?” Little ‘S’ said excitedly.

*  *  *  *  *

“A Blue Beret!! I see a Blue Beret!! It’s your 'Thumper' Son! Hell he must have more lives that a cat”, Sarge muttered!
“Pop, those ARE American PBRs aren’t they?” he asked.
“Damn right! They must have captured them down in the tidewaters of the Big Muddy (Mekong River) and brought them back up river to use patrolling these backcountry areas. This river is just a tributary of the Big Muddy. Since those PBRs only pull a draft of a couple of feet with their jet drives they can go almost anywhere in these weed-choked mud holes they call rivers. The PBRs are perfect for that! Get Big Mama (the .50 cal) ready this ain’t going to be no sociable visit.”
“Pop, how many do you estimate are on the two boats?” asked Little ‘S’.
“Not including that ass hole Russki Special Forces Colonel, I’d say about ten. I’d put about five on each boat, making the odds 11 to 3. Close to even odds I would think!” 
Tinker listening to Sarge talk, thought to herself, ‘Even...! Even...! My life is in his hands and he can’t even count…! I’ll do the damn counting – it is 11 to 3. Even if you count me it is 11 to 4. I’ve got to speak up…! We can’t stay here and fight, I vote we run, and I mean run FAST in the opposite direction!’ 
Sarge looking at “Tinker’ and probably realizing (the glazed over eyes gave her away) that she was terrified of the impending battle. He moved over close, put his arm around her shoulder, and trying to calm her by quietly saying, “Tinker’, I was in an exact situation like this a few years back. A force attacked me about as large as this one. I was alone but fought and fought hard until exhausted and finally ran out of ammo and being surrounded I, in desperation, threw my knife at them, and then I threw my empty pistol too!”
“What happened?” ‘Tinker asked breathlessly.
“Oh, they killed me!” Sarge said with a straight face.
Tinker stood there for a second then she, Little ‘S’ and Spook started laughing. Exactly the result Sarge was trying to achieve – the tension was broken, now they could get on with the real stuff - the fightin'.

CHAPTER THREE

SWIM IN RIVER
Now that Tinker could think straight again Sarge said to her, “Tinker do you believe you could run back up to the yard in front of the house and police up (pick up) any M-16 magazines that looks like this one (showing her one of his). Only in the yard, don’t go near the berm, it is too dangerous. I believe we're going to need them.”
Tinker left scurrying up the slope toward the house as a flash was seen coming from the lead boat. The PBRs were no more than half a mile away and had fired the 40 mm bow cannon. A second or so later the report of the firing came screaming across the swift river waters. Their aim was high; the round flew over their heads and smashed explosively against some trees in the swamp to their rear. Flash…! Here comes another shell lower still, barely missing the powerhouse. Sarge yelled to Tinker, “Forget the magazines. Get your behind back down here now!”
Sarge jumped down behind the Ma Deuce and hollered, “Lets let'em have it! They are well within range of this ol’ gal….” he pulled the trigger and let loose a few .50 caliber rounds until he began seeing the red tracers. Once he had a string of red tracers strung out like a ribbon of red he ‘walked’ the rounds into the bow of the first boat silencing that fearsome death breathing 40 mm hunk of steel - for the time being.
From the cannon on the bow, Sarge moved his tracers up to the bridge where he had last seen the Colonel. He raked the bridge a couple of times with .50 caliber FMJ (full metal jacket) rounds causing the lead PBR to run aground on the far bank of the river. Once the lead PBR was out of action the trailing PBR came along side and began rescuing survivors from boat number one.

*  *  *  *  *

  Simultaneously the bow cannon began belching out fire again but this time it came from the second boat. Another flash was seen before Sarge could swing his weapon around – he was obsessed with the Colonel on the bridge – this latest cannon shot missed high also. High and to their left striking the ‘house’ just to the right of one of the second floor windows.
Sarge, as if he were reliving their recent firefight in the swamp yelled, not “Down” this time but “River!!!" He had not finished saying the word ‘River’ before he had physically grabbed Tinker, and threw her boldly into the water.
Tinker yelled, “What the...”, as her head dropped below the swift river water.
Little ‘S’ and Spook long ago knew when Sarge yelled with that tone, you don’t question why - you move, and you move fast – they followed Tinker into the drink – Sarge knew what was coming!
What was coming was the end of the world! Armageddon!!
Sarge did not know how many 1-1/4 lb sticks of C4 Little ‘S’ placed around the inside of the lab, but he knew it was enough to obliterate the ‘house’ and all its equipment. When you are within 50 meters of something that’s going to resemble a small nuclear blast Sarge knew a hole would probably be the only place that you could be in to survive – there was no hole close by – only the river.
That’s where they all were hiding, standing waist deep in water, hunkered down behind the river bank when the Apocalypse occurred. The first preview of the coming attraction was the flash – the trees, the steel metal building even the overcast sky turned white…next came the screaming wind, well above hurricane speed… Sarge had already placed both hands over his ears, fortunately the others saw him and had followed suit - just as the deafening noise roared over their heads…it was unbelievable how loud the explosion was.
Sarge had seen and heard larger explosions but not from such a close distance – it was incredible! The shock wave literally bent the trees over in a direction away from the blast. But if they thought the worst was over – wrong...it was just starting.
After the humongous blast the debris began flying from the explosion toward the river; they had the feeling of being caught in a maelstrom of a tornado. The metal powerhouse was instantly demolished and the sheet iron siding and roofing were blown into the swollen river. Even the huge generator took a swim; fortunately the four of them were a little up stream and not in the direct path of this steel giant’s watery grave.
Next came the wood, shards of glass and bits of metal from the Edisons and other devices, and oh...! The nails – thousands of nails were falling into the river churning up the water so fiercely it gave the appearance of a monster of a hailstorm.
Little ‘S’, Spook and Tinker had their heads pressed hard against the cool wet mud of the Cambodian river bank each praying in their own way and thanking God for Sarge.
Speaking of Sarge, he was standing – yes standing, watching the maelstrom taking place all around and rather than hide he was standing literally admiring the violent but mesmerizing Hiroshima type event that was occurring.
“Hell!” He said, “You don’t get to witness something like this everyday!”
“Damn right!! Anybody in their right mind wouldn't want too either... get your head the hell down Pop! Do you want to get killed?” But Sarge could not have heard Little ‘S’ even if he had wanted to.
The tremendous noise of the explosion along with the tearing, ripping and shredding of everything within two hundred meters of the ‘house’ was causing such a roar that no utterance by anyone but God Almighty could have been heard.
In a minute or two (what seemed like an hour) the debris stopped raining down from the sky, the noise abated and Sarge got out of the river and back upon the soil and green grass of the river bank.
The three others would not bulge – their faces were glued to the side of that muddy bank. No sirree sir! They’re still alive, and if keeping their faces pushed against that stinky, slimy riverbank means safety, then that’s where they wanted to be.
“Come on guys, get the hell out of that pond. We’ve got things to do and places to go!” Sarge yelled over the edge of the riverbank. Sheepishly, one by one they emerged with shit eating grins on their faces. Ashamed now that they cowered underneath the edge of the riverbank they were wet, shivering and shaking like rats on a sinking ship.
“Don’t feel bad, you guys, that was a pretty good fireworks show! Wish you could have seen more of it but I guess you all were more interested in inspecting the mud on that river bank, huh?”
Tinker, soaked to the bone and dripping river water as she pulled herself upon the riverbank spoke to Sarge, “Big ‘S’ thank you. You saved our lives. You have to be one of the most heroic men I have even met. And one of the bravest.”
“Oh, go on! Just doing my job. Grandpa Scarburg used to say, ‘A person is what other people think they are’...Hero huh? I’ll have to talk to Grandpa...he’s getting senile.” 
After laughing Sarge turned to check on his Ma Deuce – no need to check - there wasn’t one to check – it was gone - blown into the river he guessed. Of course the ‘house’ was obliterated but that was part of their plan all along, damn Russians just beat them to it. All that was left was a hole in the ground – a big hole – a crater. The power plant was gone, including the generator. In fact, Sarge thought the whole area reminded him of the pictures he had seen of Nagasaki and Hiroshima after we nuked them at the end of WWII. 
For a moment with the excitement of the 4th of July show he forgot about the two gunboats and the Russian Colonel out in the river. Casting he eyes back in their direction he observed – the first craft was still there and had major damage with parts missing everywhere – even the cannon was gone. All due to being caught in the direct line of fire of the ‘bomb'.
However, the second PBR was gone - gone where? During all the excitement it had made a hasty retreat. One of the strange things a 32’ PBR can do is make a complete 180-degree turn in the length of its own body. Obviously they had done just that and ‘cut a choagie’ (escaped).  
Eyeing the grounded and abandoned PBR on the far side of the river - was this our way out? Was it repairable? Maybe the radio still worked. But mainly he wanted to go upon the bridge and find that blue beret-wearing Russki Colonel lying dead in a pool of his own blood.
The only way to find out for sure - someone had to make the dangerous trip over and check it out. But swimming was impossible. The river current was too swift. The undertow was murderous in addition there were all kinds of debris floating down the river that could hit and cripple or worse yet kill a swimmer.
Sarge surveyed the area for a floating device he might use - nothing. One thing that explosion did well was make a bunch of little pieces out of the big pieces. The biggest piece of anything Sarge could find could be put in a cigar box – ‘stogies’, thought Sarge, ‘I love those babies, sure wish I had one about now’.
Tinker had been observing Sarge sifting through the debris and wondered what he was looking for?’ Her curiosity finally got the better of her and she moved over closer and asked, “Sarge what in the hell are you looking for? Maybe I can help you find it.”
“Tinker we need to get across the river to that grounded PBR and I’m looking for something that we might use to float on to get over there”
“Why not swim out to the ‘Minnow’?” asked Tinker?
“The water's too swift, undertows too great, too much debris floating down stream, and it’s at least a 100 yards to the boat you would have to take to get to it, and it’s just to dangerous,” replied Sarge. “But I agree - calling it the ‘Minnow’, it fits!”
“What if we had a really good swimmer do you suppose they could do it?” Tinker responded back.
“Yeah, we have some guys that have formed a new unit called SEALS. I got involved with them through the CIA run “Operation Phoenix.” Yeah…one of them could probably do it, or give it a damn good try, but we’re fresh out of SEALs at the moment.”
“Let me give it a try... please.” Tinker pleadingly expressed to Sarge.
"Tinker weren’t you listening to anything when I said how dangerous it was?” he replied making light of her remark.

*  *  *  *  *

“Sergeant Scarburg, I did not tell you all my qualifications – while at the University I represented The Republic of China in the Women’s 4 x 100 meter Freestyle Relay in the 1964 Summer Olympics –The XVIII Olympiad, in Tokyo. I am ashamed to say, we did not win but we won bronze medals. I believe I am a good enough swimmer to swim a hundred yards and reach that boat Sergeant, if you will let me try.”
“Well...! Well...! I’ll be damned! Aren’t you filled with surprises”!
Sarge walked over and conferred with Little ‘S’ and “Spook”; explaining to them the information Tinker had just conveyed to him. He told them of the importance of getting to the PBR. How he wasn’t happy about the decision but was willing to give her a try. Little ‘S’ agreed; however, Spook was totally against the idea. He thought it was too dangerous to sacrifice Miss Lu’s life. Sarge responded, “If she’s as good a swimmer as she says, she just might make it. We need that boat. As the commander of this team I… I… I’m willing to let her have a go at it and try.”
Sarge pulled Tinker aside and gave her the standard pep talk: what you’re doing is great, but this is strictly volunteer. If you want to abandon the attempt, no one will blame you. He said he could not nor would he order her to go. It’s dangerous, no doubt about it. If she could complete the swim it might be vital to the mission’s success or failure. If she got to the boat then Sarge told her we would implement Plan B.
Tinker asked Sarge, “What is Plan B?”
“Uh...don’t know just yet Tinker haven’t figured it out – we’ve got to get past Plan A first,” he said, “but I have confidence you’ll make it to Plan B. Good Luck, Tinker.”
After everyone was on board to the particulars of Plan A, they assembled themselves at the rivers edge. Spook got Tinker alone, and said, “Listen, Miss Lu you be careful… if anything looks out of the ordinary or the water is too swift or the undertow is…. or...”
“Sssh, be quite Spook I will be careful”, she said as she reached up and grabbed his face between her two hands, pulled his face close to hers; encircled his neck with her arms and gave Spook the longest hottest kiss he thought he had ever received. When their lips finally parted she drew his ear close and whispered something that only he could hear, then she stepped off the riverbank into the water.

CHAPTER FOUR

BRONZE OLYMPIC MEDAL PAYS GREAT REWARDS
The water was cold on Tinkers skin – she was only swimming in her underwear and bra. That was the best available – there wasn’t a swimsuit within a thousand miles of this place, and she certainly wasn’t swimming off in her birthday suit! Besides these guys were beginning to feel like family anyway.
At first she was fine, then she encountered the current. It was strong, stronger than she had imagined it would be; however, she thought, ‘it’s not that bad I can handle it.’ 
Rather than swim directly toward the boat she had to swim upstream and let the current help move her downstream in the direction of the boat. Now she knew why Sarge said it was at least a 100 yards swim to the ‘Minnow’ although the river was, probably, no wider than 25 yards.
Sarge was right also about the debris – swollen rivers bring all kinds of flotsam swiftly moving down the stream – here a tree stump approached, roots and all. She avoided it with no trouble. ‘Whoa’, she recoiled as another danger approached, ‘that’s part of a smashed house!’ She slowly treaded water and let the dangers swiftly float by. 
Swimming at an angle and letting the current carry her toward the far bank seemed to negate the undertow, she didn’t feel the tug of it very much.

*  *  *  *  *

The swim was rigorous but luckily it didn’t take very long and she reached her objective - the ‘Minnow’. 
She swam directly to the stern and stepped upon the jet exhaust protruding from the stern. Easily pulling herself out of the water she was able to step upon the deck; however, before taking that first step she had to negotiate around a large puddle of blood pooled on the scorching hot aluminum decking. The source of the blood was two bodies. Both lying in the middle of all that crimson ooze. The smell of the dead bodies and the accompanying blood being slowly baked on the hot deck was overwhelming. Both bodies were already covered by an assortment of flying vermin that feast on such an abundant source of readily available food.
Tinker could see a number of bullet holes in the aluminum-hulled boat. And two more blood-soaked bodies lay crumpled near the bow. She thought to herself, ‘I didn’t realize Sarge’s machine gun could rip apart bodies so badly. These guys are almost cut in half.’ Tinker timidly grabbed the handrail and hesitantly began to ascend the couple of metal steps leading to the bridge house. She was afraid of what she would find up there. She found the place empty but someone had been wounded. A tremendous amount of blood was splattered everywhere, but no bodies.
Back on the opposite side of the river Spook, Little “S” and Big “S” were watching her every move (yes, partially because of the way she was dressed or more specifically un-dressed) but actually they were extremely concerned for her safety – Sarge officially was still in charge of the binoculars but Spook had taken control of them. He wasn’t removing them from his eyes for a moment. 
“No! Look Out Miss Lu!’ Spook had the spyglasses to his eyes and obviously he had seen something that upset him terribly.
“What?” said Sarge? “What is it Spook? What are you seeing?”
Still watching through the binoculars Spook yelled, “Look out!! Miss Lu behind you! Behind you...! Behind you!”
Sarge had withstood the suspense as long as he could. He reached toward Spook and physically jerked the binoculars away and put them to his own eyes to see what was happening for himself.
Immediately Sarge saw the object of Spook's excitement – one of the ‘dead’ bodies at the stern, that Tinker had to walk around, was alive and upon his knees making an effort to get to his feet. In his hand he had a docking pole (used for securing a boat to a mooring piling). Sarge knew the ‘body’ was fixin’ to head for Tinker on the bridge.
“Hand me your rifle!” Sarge exclaimed with urgency to Little ‘S’, but grabbed the M-16 before the Captain had time to respond.
Spook was standing on the riverbank, hands cupped around his mouth, yelling, “Behind you Miss Lu...! Behind you!” The yelling was useless, the raging roar of the river drown out any hope of sound traveling across the river’s expanse to the hapless victim, Tinker. In spite of Spooks warning attempts the ‘body’ had stumbled to his feet, pole in hand and, ‘tho weak, was beginning to pull himself up the steps to the bridge one rung at a time toward his target -Tinker.

*  *  *  *  *

Back on the other side of the river Sarge now had the black Colt M-16A1 rifle in his hand; he wrapped the sling around his left hand to steady his aim, pulled the rifle up to eye level and peered across the sights drawing a bead on the ‘body’ advancing on Tinker.
When Sarge had his weapon ready to fire the ‘dead man’ had just reached the top rung of the ladder to the bridge and was drawing back his deadly pole preparing to strike Tinker from the rear.
Spook with the binoculars back at his eyes was yelling, "Shoot Big 'S'... Shoot... Damn it... Shoot...!!!
“Suck in that last breath of life you son-of-a-bitch, see you in hell!” as he Breathed, Relaxed, Aimed, took up the trigger Slack and gently Squeezed (BRASS the Army’s way of teaching shooting techniques) the trigger, all within a split second.
The rifle blast projected the 5.56 mm bullet straight and true across the raging river striking the head of the ‘body’ causing it to literally explode! Vaporized! Gone! Sarge’s aim was perfect - Tinker did not even turn around until he fell from the ladder and smashed, what was left of his body, against the deck below the bridge. She turned, looked, saw nothing and assumed the noise was simply a piece of drifting debris that must have struck the boat. 
‘Fake being dead… damn right… now you don’t have to pretend’ Sarge thought. ‘Now you see him, now you don’t!’
Spook reaction was of relief for his ‘friend’ and a thankful realization that they had such a man as Sarge with them. Spook not accustomed to swearing said out loud, “Damn, what a shot!” Then turned, grinned and nodded his thanks to Sarge.
Sarge’s mind did not dwell on the shot – his mind was spinning – we have the boat… now what?
It reminded him of the dog chasing the car – what if the dog caught the car what was he going to do with it? Tinker is now on the boat but what are we going to do with it? We’re over here and can’t get over there, and she’s over there and can’t get over here. ‘It is a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. Winston Churchill was right we have the same problem’, he thought.
The men pondered solution after solution but nothing seemed feasible.
They had nothing to work with. They had no small boat, nothing of any size that would float, no rope, they had nothing. One of them suggested using the camouflage netting over the white ‘dish’ up the river. Maybe that could cut it into strips and construct a makeshift rope. Spook without being told, turned and ran toward the spot where the ‘dish’ once stood. The ‘dish’ was gone. The ‘house’, huffed and puffed (plus a little help from those sticks of C4) and blew it away, including all the camouflage netting – all that was left were burnt pieces only a few inches in length - all unusable.

*  *  *  *  *

Spook returned to Little ‘S’ and Sarge to give them the bad news. As he arrived they heard a noise from across the river – was that what they thought it was – yes it was! Tinker was trying to start the engines on the PBR! Those two big Detroit diesels were attempting to crank.
Tinker had checked and found that the PBR bow was only grounded on some roots and brush near the bank. If she could get the engines started she might be able to throw the engines in reverse and back that sucker up!
She looked at the controls on the instrument panel, they weren’t THAT complicated – there was a throttle, a switch and some other things, but right now all she needed was the ‘on’ switch and the dual chrome throttles – pushed full forward was wide open, pulled all the way back and down was full reverse – simple enough she thought. She reversed the both throttles about 1/3 and turned the switch to ‘on’ – the motors turned over and over, sputtered a time or two but did not start.
Not a quitter, she tried again – same thing - throttles in reverse, switch ‘on’, this time the motor ‘coughed’. A puff of black smoke floated skyward from the exhausts at the stern of the boat. ‘Let me give it one more go’, she thought – throttles down. She turned the switch once more and the both engines ‘coughed’ once then twice and then they roared into perfect tune with other.
‘Sweet music to my ears,’ she thought. Once they started she pulled the throttles back to the ‘idle’ position to let the motors warm up before she attempted to back off the roots and brush.
While the motors were idling, she did not want to do it, but there was a job that had to done. Remove the bodies. She grabbed them, one by one and toppled them over the side and watched them float away downstream on the swift current. She couldn't understand the headless body at the bottom of the steps... in fact being there upset her… where did he come from… she couldn’t have missed him earlier…  but she dumped him overboard anyway, thinking she would figure him out later. 
On the opposite bank the men were jubilant they could hear the big twin ‘Detroit diesels’ purring. Maybe she would be able to refloat the grounded PBR.
The time had come – it was do or die – Tinker pulled the throttles down a couple of notches – the motors picked up speed, water was spraying out the jets at the stern but she was still stuck. The boat would not budge.
She went to half throttle reverse this time. Those ‘Detroit diesels’ were really churning up the mud from the river bottom. The water being sprayed out the rear jet exhausts took on the appearance of pure mud. ‘Well nothing ventured, nothing gained’, Tinker thought, so she pulled both throttles down into full reverse – those rear jets were kicking up water a foot or so past the top of the stern, the two diesels were at top rpms and were vibrating the entire boat. Tinker thought the engines were going to explode, but suddenly the bow starting to move. Slowly at first then it seemed as if a rubber band snapped and the PBR shot backwards into the river!!

*  *  *  *  *

“Whoa...! Whoa...! She did it! She did it!” The guys were jubilant.
Tinker flipped the throttle into ‘neutral’ and sucked in a deep lung full of stinking river air. At the present moment it’s fishy, rotting wood, mildew odor was actually sweet smelling to her nose.
She pushed the throttles forward, just a smidgen, and the boat began to move. She aimed it just above the steel support beams that once were used by the powerhouse intake turbines. At ¼ speed, fighting the current, she maneuvered the boat across the river – about five feet from shore she reversed the engines. The guys waiting on shore grabbed the towline on the bow and securely tied the PBY to one of the steel pilings.
Tinker came to the bow and the men assisted her from the bobbing deck of the boat to the solidness of the earth on the river’s bank – Sarge, sheepishly grinning flopped his big arm around her shoulders and pulled her close for a hug. As he quietly whispered in her ear, “Well done, Plan A and Plan B accomplished! Glad I didn’t have to come up with ‘B’. 
Both laughed as he stepped back allowing Little ‘S’ to step up to get his turn hugging their new found hero; as he did he also congratulated her on a job well done. 
Spook standing behind the Captain was next to get in his hug. He and Tinker hugged, 'tightly'… to Sarge and Little ‘S’ it did not go without notice that their hug seemed much more endearing and lasted considerably longer than it did when she hugged each of them!
Little ‘S’ moved over closer to Sarge and in a voice that was almost inaudible said, “Pop, I believe we have something starting up here, what do you think?” Little ‘S’ uttered with a twinkle in his eye.
“Could be, Son… could be,” answered Sarge winking back at Little 'S'

CHAPTER FIVE

TRYING TO SALVAGE THE PBR RADIO
They now had themselves a boat and a damn fine one at one time – a PBR that he and Tinker had dubbed the ‘Minnow’. One of the brown water’s finest, but it had one glaring fatal problem – it was sinking!
When they tied off the bow to the steel piling the rear of the boat swung around following the flow of the river until the bow was pointing upriver and the stern was on the downriver side. This allowed the river’s current to push a flood of water through the large hole in the bow directly into the interior of the boat. A hole caused by the ripping of the cannon from its mount by the ‘nuclear’ explosion which had been weaken by the barrage of .50 cal gunfire Sarge poured into it.
When they all realized that their getaway boat was sinking they could do nothing but stand there and watch it slowly slip beneath the water. Sarge offered this good piece of wisdom, “Well there’s bad news and there’s good – the bad we see, our boats sinking!
The good is the water is only waist deep here close to the piling so she won’t go completely under.”
Little ‘S’ looked over at Sarge and sarcastically declared, “Thanks Pop, we really needed that good news!”
Sarge replied, “No Son, that REALLY is good news, you see there’s a radio mounted up there on the bridge. We will never be able to re-float this baby but we might be able to reach civilization with that radio, and civilization means rescue. But the other REALLY bad news is it’s imperative that we retrieve the boat’s batteries NOW before they get wet and short out – we need them to provide juice to the radio.”
At hearing this declaration of the impending battery disaster all including Sarge, scrambled onto the boat and started frantically searching for the batteries; they found them in the engine compartment and managed to extricate them topside; before Neptune, the god of the waters, destroyed them forever with his tri-pointed Trident.
While Little ‘S’, Spook and Tinker were retrieving the precious batteries Sarge had ascended the ladder to the bridge to check out the condition of the radio. He had no trouble locating it. It was mounted exactly where he knew it would be, right underneath the control panel. Little ‘S’ passing beneath him carrying one of the salvaged batteries, looked up and said, “Find the radio, Pop?”
“Yeah," Sarge said disappointingly.
“What...! What’s the matter?” Little ‘S’ conjecturing something was amiss.
“Good news and bad news again, Son,” Sarge declared.
“Damn Pop, stop already! What’s the good news?”
“Found the radio.”
“Now tell me the bad! Little ‘S’ replied as he sat the heavy battery down onto the metal PBR deck.
“Bullet hole clean through it! I bet that Ma Deuce made a mess inside too! Probably a lost cause," Sarge guessed, shrugging his shoulders and looking sorrowful at Little ‘S’.
“Don’t be so hasty to jump to that conclusion Pop!” Little ‘S’ speculated, “maybe not! Remove it from the dash and let Spook and me take a good look at it, we might be able to repair it.”
“It’s not a ‘dash’ it’s called the ‘control panel’!” Sarge responded.
“Well fine! The ‘CONTROL PANEL’ - just get the sucker down here and let us take a look at it, okay?”
Sarge knew the radio was not actually mounted to the control panel; however, it did slide into a bracket that was mounted under the control panel.
Grinning he mused, ‘you mess with sons, that’s what fathers do.’
All Big 'S' had to do to extricate the radio was remove the antenna and power connection and a couple of screws and it would be ready for Little ‘S’ and Spook. This he quickly accomplished and within a matter of a minute or so the two ‘radio experts’ had their hands on the chunk of metal and plastic that, at one time, appeared to be a AN/PRC-64 U.S. Army radio. Appeared was definitely the correct descriptive word. In the vernacular of the military – it was now shot to shit! 
“Well? Can it be fixed?” Sarge questioned.
“Dunno! Give me your Swiss army knife – the one with the screwdriver blade – I’m going to open her up and (chuckling) look at her ‘private parts’, Little ‘S’ said to Sarge, while still laughing at his own joke!
‘Dumb ass kid!’ thought Sarge, ‘how old do they have to be before they grow up?’
The only two ‘radio experts’ were Little “S” and Spook. They disassembled the radio on the deck of the PBR since it had settled down in the river as deep as it was going to sink. Thankfully that was the case, they had radio parts scattered all over the deck. Tinker helped too, she watched intently over ‘Spooks’ shoulder. It did not take the guys long and the radio was re-assembled and the two Marconi geniuses had to announce the final decision to the judge – Sarge - would it work, or not?

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge was standing on the bow peering intently upriver with the binoculars keeping a close watch in case Mr. Blue Beret wanted to re-appear from around the rocky promontory at the river’s bend, unannounced. He turned, saw that they were putting the final screw in place and asked, “Well, what’s the verdict?”
Little ‘S’ had to field this one, “There’s good news and bad news Pop! Which (snickering) do want first?”
“Let’s have the bad!”
“Radio’s busted, won’t work!” said Spook.
“Damn! Said Sarge, “and you’ve got GOOD news!’
“Yep!” Little ‘S’ replied, “we got the CW to work!”
“Damn straight that IS good” Sarge answered.
Sarge knew that ‘CW’ meant 'continuous wave'. It dated back to the early days of radio and especially the telegraph. Through the means of CW Morse Code can be transmitted. The telegraph operator keying the Morse code 'key' simply breaks up this ‘continuous wave’ transmission into “dots” and “dashes." It uses very little bandwidth so it can be heard for a long distance. Sarge estimated at least 300 – 400 miles! And the "Prick' 64 radio has a built-in code key.
‘Now we’re cooking with gas’, he thought.
“Okay,” Sarge asked, “I remember a little code, what about you Son?”
“Well you remember I had to learn it in Boy Scouts to earn that Merit Badge, but hell Pop I only wanted that Badge. I didn’t think I would have to use it the rest of my life!” sadly he answered.
"Spook," said Sarge, “what about you?”
“Gosh darn it Sarge, where I lived when I was a kid, they shot Boy Scouts!”

*  *  *  *  *

“What a bunch of whooshes! Step back and let a woman do it! Anytime something ‘really’ important needs doing we women will step up to the plate. I know Morse Code, not just a letter or two or that Boy Scout stuff…I know it all!”
“Tinker’, you continuously amaze me! How in the world do YOU know Morse Code?” Sarge amazingly asked.
“Amateur Radio Extra Class License call sign ‘BV2CTT’ at your service, sir” said Tinker snapping to attention and saluting.
“You – a Ham Radio operator? Tinker what will we find out about you next?” asked Sarge.
“In Taiwan, using the Ham radio allows us to communicate with friends and relatives. Telephones are not always reliable and you never know who is listening. With the Ham radios we can use Morse Code and make up our own system that lets us keep our little secrets.”

CHAPTER SIX

TINKER MAKES CONTACT
“Come on guys, oh, and doll, let’s get off this bucking bronco for a moment and get on dry terra firma. Before Tinker gets to tinkering on that CW key we need a plan,” Sarge said to the others as he stood up and started to get off the boat.
“Wait, what do you mean plan? We’ve got a plan – get the hell out of here with that backpack of microfilm and documents you got on your back, right?” answered Little ‘S’.
"Not that simple, Son. Let me explain our situation:  first we are somewhere approximately 200 klicks northwest of the main Mekong River on some un-named tributary somewhere in Northern Cambodia close to Thailand. 
Second, the map we have doesn’t even show this place. 
Third, we had all our gear piled up at the front door of the main house, well the hole that we called a door; along with any extra rations that we had, not expecting the ‘atomic bomb’ caused by those Russki son-of-a-bitches, now they are gone.
Fourth, I know we have some Special Forces B Teams in Thailand – one is at Nam Pang 350 klicks north-north-west of Bangkok; another is about 180 klicks north of Bangkok close to Pac Khang and the final one is close to 800 klicks south of Bangkok at Trangi.”
Spook spoke next, “We have an American Embassy in Bangkok and an American Consulate in Chiang Mai. I don’t know how far away they are from here, but I know Chiang Mai is a long way from here up in the north of Thailand. It’s at least as far as that Nam Pang place. 
“Well!” said Tinker, “I’ve got to start keying that Morse Code but we have one small problem.”
“What! What could we possibly have as a problem?” Sarge asked Tinker sarcastically.
“Open the top to that Army radio and you will see a card showing that this little jewel transmits on four bands: Band 1 from 2.2 to 2.85 MHz; Band 2 from 2.8 MHz to 3.65 MHz; Band 3 from 3.6 MHz to 4.7 MHz and Band 4 from 4.6 to 6.0 MHz or 2.2 MHz to 6.0 mhz.
Another way to say this is our radio puts out a minimum of 2200 kHz to maximum of 6000 kHz. Most aviation Radio Frequency Finders (RFF) work on low to medium frequencies 190 kHz to about 1750 kHz or .19 MHz to 1.75 MHz.
Do you Einstein’s grasp the significance?
Their highest is 1.75 MHz our lowest is 2.2 MHz. We can’t use this radio as a homing device. If I get lucky to get another Ham on this piece of junk, what am I to tell him? Send a cab? Whoever he contacts for us is going to need a good RFF to find our radio in this god-forsaken dreary piece of real estate somewhere in Cambodia."
"Okay... said Sarge. Okay, not good I see but let me throw this out – there’s not another radio in hundreds of miles of us. We know the general area we’re in (give or take a few thousand square miles).
When they start searching for us what if we broadcast on our lowest 2200 kHz and they searched using their highest 1750 kHz, could they pick us up, maybe?” Sarge said throwing out the question. 
Tinker turned to the other two who sat there totally befuddled, “Guys open her back up and tighten the ‘frequency pots’ on the lower band as far down as they will go, we might decrease some kHz that way. We might just narrow the range a bit for them to get a fix on us. Most people are trying to get more output not less, it might just work.”
“Sounds like a plan to me.” Forgetting himself Spook bent over and kissed Tinker on top of her head.
“Sorry, I forgot my place! Sorry Miss Lu please excuse me!”
“Excuse you heck, I loved it! Now get that radio fixed!” 
The finishing touch was applied to the radio and it was given back to Tinker. She took it from them, sat it down on the little barrel one of the guys had found on the Minnow. Sighing, she told them to connect the cables from one of the batteries to the radio. The command was obeyed immediately and everyone encircled Tinker. “Guys! Guys! I love to be around men, but not three at a time could you give me some breathing space, please?”
“Sorry," they all said in almost perfect unison, and moved away from Tinker to give her space to work.
She began by keying the letters ‘QRRR’. In Morse Code this is the equivalent to and ‘SOS’ and is recognized as the International Distress Signal (IDS) for Ham operators. They listened for a response - nothing. Again and again Tinker keyed the radio. The only response she received - static. Nothing but static was received.
Turning to the guys, she said, “Fellows go over to the boat, sit down and get some rest. You can't do anything else to help...it's all on this little fellow now," she said patting the top of the Army radio.
Sarge excitedly spoke to Tinker. “You must hurry, it will soon be dark!’’
“That’s good! I will get better reception at night. The signal will bounce off the ionosphere, no telling where it will go.”

*  *  *  *  *

 The sun of that day finally dropped from the sky and dusk was gradually approaching. The large growl from Sarge’s stomach told him it thought his throat had been cut.
‘We need something to eat, but we have nothing,’ thought Sarge to himself. He got onto the half-submerged boat and went below – the water was about knee deep but wasn't getting any deeper.
He began opening cabinets and drawers – behold, on an upper shelf inside a top cabinet he found a goldmine!! A whole case of C Rations! Unopened! Sarge thought, ‘I don’t care what’s in there I’ll even eat the ham and eggs (everyone hated those).’
He walked back out on deck and whistled, everyone turned and looked his way, he was holding up the C Ration case. Everyone jumped and ran toward him, setting the box on the edge of the boat he quickly backed off – they were like a pack of wolves jumping on a freshly killed rabbit. They had not eaten a bite since a quick snack for breakfast. They were grabbing any box they could reach, not even reading what was in it – they knew what was in them – food!

*  *  *  *  *

Tinker grabbed her box and retreated to the spot where Spook was sitting. He glanced at her box and said, “Good you got a B-2 Unit”. B-2, B-Smooze, she didn’t care if it was a B-17 bomber, it was food; she pulled out the first big can, ‘Spaghetti and Meatballs’. Sounds good she thought.
Now she was in a quandary, ‘How did I get it open?’
She looked on the top, nope, then the bottom, nope. All the while, Spook was eating his B-1 Unit of ‘Turkey Loaf’, not one’s favorite, but when you’re hungry as he was, ‘Turkey Loaf’ spelled “T-Bone Steak”.
As he ate he was watching Tinker fiddle with her can of food. Finally he had tormented her long enough and handed her a P-38. P-38s are little military metal can openers – four of them are placed in a case of twelve C-Ration meals. The men all grabbed one - they knew that had to have them, she didn't.
Now she had the P-38 but she was no better off, she did not know how to use it. Spook knew if he delayed any longer Tinker was going to starve to death so he asked for her spaghetti can and the P-38. In a minute he had her spaghetti opened and had ripped open her accessory pack and removed the plastic spoon. The accessory pack also contained salt, pepper, instant coffee, sugar, non-dairy creamer, four cigarettes (in a little cardboard pack), matches and toilet paper.
After she finished her spaghetti Spook opened her can containing pound cake. It’s good but it’s really great if you have some canned peaches to pour over it. The peaches are not in her B-2 Unit, they come in the B-1 box so Spook gave his to Tinker and showed her how to pour the peaches over the cake. “Hummm”, she said as she took her first bite. “That’s fabulous!” she stated licking her lips.
“Yeah, I know,” said, Spook wishfully thinking about the dessert.
“Come here,” she said, “We’ll share,” as she gave him a bite with her plastic spoon. They sat almost nose-to-nose savoring the cake and peaches, almost as much as they were savoring each other.
Little ‘S’ was sitting on the boat eating as Sarge punched him with his elbow; Little ‘S’ turned to see what Sarge wanted, and Sarge just nodded his head toward Tinker and Spook.
Grinning Little ‘S’ quietly responded, “Romantic moonlight supper?”
After the meal Tinker returned to keying the ‘QRRR’ message over and over again. Sarge walked back down to the river’s edge and sat down on the cool damp riverbank. He wanted to keep a vigilant eye upriver for the Blue Beret. Leaning his back up against a small sapling he retrieved the bloody Bible from his ruck’ and a smoke from his crumpled Winston pack. 
He was beginning to be intrigued by this Bible!
First by the bloody “Z” scrawled on its cover and second he had never been a very religious person. Reading the Bible was sort of comforting yet confusing to him. He couldn’t explain it – it just was! Flipping open the Book to a random selection he looked down and read from Colossians 1: 25. “From the mystery, which had been hid from ages and generations, but now is made manifest to his saints…” Sarge thought to himself, ‘I wish I had paid more attention when Mama was reading and telling us about the Bible'. He pulled another drag on his cigarette and thoughtfully peering into the distance slowly exhaled the smoke through his nose. 
Meanwhile, Tinker was not going to give up on her ‘QRRR’ coding but she sure was getting tired. Her hand had about clicked its last “dot” and “dash” when she heard a faint “dot” and “dash” response. At first she could not believe her ears. Again she keyed in the ‘QRRR’ International Distress Code.
Listening intently she heard the message in code clicking out the words: “READING YOU 9 BY 9 (loud and clear) WHAT IS YOUR EMERGENCY?”
She turned and yelled, “I’ve got someone...! I’ve got someone!” The guys were on their feet and scurried over to the radio.
“Who is it? Sarge said….
”Where is he? Little ‘S’ wanted to know.
“Hush up everyone….”! She started keying again….”BV2CTT BV2CTT QRRR QRRR!” (Tinker’s call sign plus International Distress Code)
Answer:  “KW6798 RECEIVING 9 BY 9 (loud and clear), HOW CAN I HELP?”
Tinker: “QTH KW6798” (Where are you?)
KW6798:  “LA, CA, USA, YOUR QTH”(Los Angeles, CA, USA, Where are you?)
BV2CTT:  “CAMBODIA, ASIA QSP” (can you relay a message?)
KW6798: “YES”
BV2CTT: “QRV” (are you ready to receive?)
KW6798:  ‘YES”
BV2CTT:  “AMERICAN EMBASSY YOUR NEAREST THEY CONTACT EMBASSY BANGKOK, THAILAND. CONTACT US TOMORROW 1500 GMT ON THIS FREQUENCY. TELL THEM SF OPS 113 PHOTO SEARCH REPEAT SF OPS 113 PHOTO SEARCH MUST USE RFF REPEAT MUSE USE RFF” (Translation:  BV2CTT (Tinker) wants KW6798, Ham Amateur Radio Operator, in Los Angeles to contact the American Embassy nearest him. Tell them to contact the American Embassy in Bangkok, Thailand. Have Bangkok contact us on this same radio frequency tomorrow at 3 pm Greenwich Mean Time. Explain to Bangkok that we are Special Forces Special Operations 113, Code Name: Photo Search.  Rescue aircraft must be equipped with a Radio Frequency Finder.
KW6798:  “RECEIVED AND UNDERSTOOD WILL COMPLY WOULD YOU QLS (can you send me a contact card)
(Ham operations exchange QLS cards when making contact with other Hams all over the world. It is sort of a trophy to make hard and distant contacts – hence the request for her card.)
“QLS? Is he kidding? Oh, yeah I’ll just put one in a bottle and throw it into our little monsoon swollen river!!”
“QLS shit! Forget it! Very professional Tinker but why 1500 hours tomorrow?” questioned Sarge.
‘Sarge, we are six hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time, that is 0900 to us. Those Embassy people don’t get moving until after their second cup of coffee!”
“Right, Tinker, good thinking," Sarge surmised. “Damn, the Special Forces has got to start taking women like you Tinker!”

*  *  *  *  *

The big hand on Sarge’s watch was pointing at twelve and the little hand at two (0200 am). “Damn we’ve almost shot this whole night, but ‘good things come to those who wait,’ right Tinker? Let’s try to get a little shut-eye before sunup. Listen up! No one sleep on the ground outside. Find a ‘comfortable’ spot on our ‘yacht’. There’s too many creepy, crawler, no-shoulders (snakes) outside; you’re all that is left of my team. Can’t afford to loose any of you guys!
The little ugly I am especially worried about is the one called ‘The Seven Pacer’ or ‘Russell’s Viper’, it prefers open grassy areas similar to this – it is not fond of the swamps or water – it hunts it prey, mostly rats, mice or squirrels, at night. Well… now that’s got your attention, see you come sunup.”
Tinker trying to climb upon the boat with Spook asked, “Why do you suppose they call it a ‘Seven Pacer’?”
Spook extending his hand and helping her up on the deck replied, “Seven steps after your bitten and you’re buzzard meat!”
This really alarmed Tinker. “Is it really that bad?” she said.
“Well” said Spook “I’ve heard locals in areas where these snakes live, such as where we are now, say if you get bitten on the hand, to live, you must immediately amputate you arm at the elbow.”
Tinker replied, “Well if it kills you in seven steps how can you get to a doctor fast enough to get him to amputate the arm?”
“Oh, no, the amputation is done right there on the spot with a large machete knife!” 
Tinker answered with a groan and followed, “Do you mind if I sleep close to you tonight Spook?”
Spook looking toward the heavens, quietly said to himself, ‘Thank you Sarge!’

CHAPTER SEVEN

RESCUE INSTRUCTIONS RECEIVED
During what was left of the night, a large but fast moving thunderstorm gave them a good soaking, but with the morning sunrise the rain had moved on.
The twilight of early morning was just breaking when Sarge quietly walked to the Minnow’s bow and looked upriver. The river was obscured in dense fog, he guessed about four or five feet thick floating gently above the water. Reminded him of a large grey cotton blanket. It was peaceful and tranquil – he fired up a Winston, wished he had a ‘stogie’ and surveyed all that was around.
He thought to himself, ‘what a beautiful land, a shame war has to ravage its beauty’. Pulling a drag on his Winston and letting its smoke drift out and disappear into the damp morning fog he remembered the quote by Douglas McArthur, “Only the dead know the end of war.” ‘How true, how true,’ he thought.
Slipping the ruck’ off his back he felt the need to take out the now dried blood encrusted Bible. Turning to the 1st Chapter of Genesis he read, “In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth….” Farther down he continued, “ And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold. It was very good.”‘
”Damn right!! He said out loud. “ Right on God! This ol’ Earth IS good!! It’s just filled up with bad people!”
‘Time to rouse (German for get up) the others,’ he thought returning the Bible to his ruck’.
Tucked up against the front of the bridge house lay Spook and Tinker. Spook had his arm thrown over her side and they were snuggled close.
As Sarge stood there watching their rhythmic breathing imagining this wars end and the two of them somewhere out of this hellhole living in a brick bungalow with a freshly cut yard. And, oh yeah, a hedge that has to be constantly trimmed; somewhere out in the ‘burgs with two or three little rug-rats running around playing tag in the yard.
‘Is this wishful thinking, not reality... yeah?’ he thought – ‘the chance of all of us getting out of here alive is pretty slim.’ 
And lying on the port side of the bridge was his only son, Little ‘S’, sleeping soundly as always, using his ruck’ as his pillow as always, his poncho covering him from the elements. He was a Special Forces Army Captain but he was still his ‘little boy’. 
‘What was to be his future? Would he survive this war? Can I get him home safely? Was there to be a girl in his future? Marriage?’ Sarge thought just briefly, ‘grandkids, can I see myself as a Grandpa?’
Almost like the fog gently drifting across the river another quote drifted into his mind. A passage from Robert E. Lee in a letter to his wife: “What a cruel thing is war: to separate and destroy families and friends, and mar the purest joys and happiness God has granted us in this world; to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors, and to devastate the fair face of this beautiful world.”
He next remembered the message he was carrying in his ruck’ “1st Section, Book 26, Chapter 1, Paragraphs 5-26”. ‘What can that mean? And the ‘Z’ on the Bible – what’s all that about? They must be connected somehow, but how?’ He pondered these two items over and over in his mind trying to make some sense out of them but it was useless, he didn’t have a clue.
He quickly dismissed these mental muses and returned to the real world. “Rise and shine, sleeping beauties we’re burning daylight,” he said giving Little ‘S’ a kick with one of his number 12s. Walking around to the front of the PBR cabin he stirred the two lovebirds awake. “Up and at’em, and I don’t mean each other!” he said to them.
Sarge stepped from their ‘yacht’ down to the cool, damp, debris strewn river bank and walked a couple steps, knelt down and started a fire with a piece of C4. One of the C4 sticks of explosive that Little ‘S’ placed on the power plant generator did not ignite during Armageddon. He didn’t know why, wasn’t even going to think about it, just glad he found it. Now they were going to have a hot breakfast with steaming hot coffee.
In a matter of minutes the C4 had the coffee boiling and the eye-opening aroma was permeating the air. Its smell did not go un-noticed, the others were scrambling off the boat looking for their canteen cups! 
The B-1, B-2 and B-3 cans of the main ‘entrées’ were in a steel helmet full of steaming hot water. “Get it while it’s hot, breakfast is whatever you fish out of that steel pot over there,” Sarge said pointing in the direction of the second fire with the helmet being used as a cooking utensil.
“We’ve got a big morning today! At oh nine hundred (9 am) we MUST have that radio fired up and running – Tinker that will be your responsibility. Little ‘S’ I want you to put a fresh battery on the radio before Tinkers 0900 rendezvous with the Embassy.”
Little ‘S’ took this opportunity to say to Spook, “I have been giving a lot of thought about Tinkers comment about our lowest 2200 kHz frequency, maybe a little lower after you and I fiddled with it. The highest kHz that their Radio Frequency Finder (RFF) will reach is approximately 1750 kHz; but one thing that’s in our favor is their RFFs will not have any other radios broadcasting in this vicinity that might compete with their RFF’s needle’s ability, to discern our direction. So I’m thinking Spook that if we increased the output or ‘footprint’ of our radio antenna it might give the search plane a bigger ‘picture’ to look for. What do you think Spook?”
“Heck what do I know? I only have a PhD in this stuff! I’ll try anything now, whatever you suggest Little ‘S’!”
“What I’m thinking is we need to extend our antenna – stretch a piece of wire say from the bridge of the Minnow across to that piece of tree still standing over there (pointing with his finger).
From there we’ll have to find a limb, pole or big stick to attach it to somewhere in that area (again pointing), then back here to Tinker at the radio.
When we find out that the rescue plane is in our general vicinity we will tape the CW key down and the radio will transmit a continuous signal, maybe it’s output will be enough to move the directional finding needle in the airplane. What the hell, that’s all I got!”
Spook shaking his head, “Never heard anything like it! But heck, it’s better than I can come up with! Where do we find the antenna wire? And Little ‘S’, we can’t tape the CW key down, we don’t have any tape.”
Sarge had been sitting, sipping his coffee, listening. Without turning to face the two men... not even sitting his canteen cup down he offered his observation, “First strip the wire from our boat, it’s everywhere, lights, horn, motor controls, then pull some of that green tape off the stocks of our M-16s (the SF guys would put pieces of that Army green tape on the stock and upper hand guard of their M-16 to give them a little camouflage look), it should have enough ‘stick’em’ still left on it to hold that key down.”
Spook immediately jumped to his feet and headed toward the ‘yacht’. Little ‘S’ was just a step behind, “I’ll give you a hand.” The two of them stripped enough wire from the boat to build an antenna in just a few minutes.
Spook climbed the same set of steps the 'body' used in the attempt to kill Tinker, tied off one end of the wire to the bridge (which was easy, all he had to do was stick the wire through two of the .50 cal bullet holes - go in through one hole and come out through another, then simply wrap the wires together).
From the bridge they strung the wire to the little sliver of tree trunk that the ‘atomic bomb’ had not completely obliterated; in the meantime, Little ‘S’ jumped back aboard their boat and retrieved the docking pole. The same pole that the ‘body’ tried to use on Tinker before he developed a splitting headache. 
The ‘body’ was trying to give this docking pole to Tinker - now in a roundabout way she is going to get it, but she’s really going to make good use of it now.
He passed the pole from the deck to Spook waiting on the ground – Spook found a hole where a support beam for the powerhouse was once buried and used it to hold the docking pole. He then strung the wire from the pole back to Tinker at the radio.
After attaching the antenna Spook instructed, “You’re good to go!” 
Sarge glanced as his watch – 0845. “Okay folks, show time!” Everyone again ganged around Tinker; however, this time she was so nervous and so anticipatory of the 0900 deadline; see did not even notice them.
The time passed very slow - really, really slow.
They all had the feeling that time had stopped! Of course, it had not and the minute hand continued to creep sluggishly upwards to the much-anticipated 0900 appointment.
Tinker asked for a pad and pencil.
At exactly 0900, right on the top of the hour, the static on the radio became a clear series of “dots” and “dashes”.  Tinker grabbed the pad and pencil and started writing:
“HS1SAD BV2CTT COME BACK”
Spook yelled:  “That’s my guy!! That’s not the Embassy!”
Tinker motioned for Spook to hush, she keyed: “BV2CTT”
 HS1SAD: “BV2CTT USE SAD 21 10-4” (CIA to Tinker use Code SAD 21, understand?)
“Tinker’ keyed: “10-4” (not having any idea what they meant).
HS1SAD started keying:  “SAB CAD AEF NER LKH BJT KBE ALC HBN STI PAJ ADJ JHZ HIK HHH PJD NER CFL AJB 153 HRN J” (CIA sending real code in Morse Code)
The CW transmission went dead – Tinker thought, ‘What the...?’ She tried, repeatedly, to confirm the message from the sender but she got no return answer.

*  *  *  *  *

  Spook without being diplomatic, grabbed the notepad from Tinker’s hand. “Sorry" he said, turned and pulled a small notebook from his pocket. “SAD 21 they said? Okay... okay... let me find this code in the code book.  Oh, here it is, SAD 21…SAD 21, use SAD Code 2 and shift 1 – okay… okay... let me see…”. Spook’s mumbling and talking were not directed to anyone in particular, he was nervously talking to himself.
"Settle down Spook... settle down... you've got plenty of time," Sarge quietly said trying to calm Spook's nerves.
Looking at Tinkers’ notes Spook started decoding the actual code into words:  after a few minutes he turned to the others and held the notebook up and said, “Ready? Here goes –“SENDING FLOAT PLANE FROM PHUKET EST TO YOU 1000K USING RFF ETA 2100 GMT." Then he explained message:  My guys, the CIA, are sending a float plane from Phuket, Thailand, estimated distance to us is 1000 kilometers. The plane will be equipped with a Radio Frequency Finder. Expect time of arrival at 2100 GMT or 9 pm.”
Sarge and Little ‘S’ both looked at their watches simultaneously – “2100 hrs,” Sarge declared, “that's 9 pm tonight, but we are 6 hours east of Greenwich, England so, that means they should be here around 1500 hrs (3 pm) this afternoon.
Good, float plane, you say Spook? Wonder how big? River is wide enough, barely, but that bend upriver won’t give the pilot much room to land – he’ll have to come in over those tall trees and hit the water pretty fast to get slowed down before getting to our sunken boat.
A floatplane don’t have any brakes! If he can’t get stopped in time, a wing might put another dent in our ‘yacht’.” The others chuckled and snickered.
“Since the plane is one of ours I believe I can shed a little light on the aircraft that will be coming. I’m guessing it will be an Amphibious DeHavilland Mk I Beaver. It will seat, beside the pilot, ten or twelve passengers in a pinch. Load capacity is probably 6000 lbs… ”
“Whoa, Spook you haven’t mentioned the most important part!” Sarge asked.
“Yeah, I know, kinda wanted to leave that for last – thought I could give you all the good news first, so to speak.”
“Spook I’m not liking this, not one little bit. What in the hell is Pop talking about?  You two know something, don’t you?” Little “S’ was on his feet right in Spooks face. “Tell us!”
“Well! Okay, the DeHavilland has a flight range of approximately 600 miles, that’s about the distance from Phuket, Thailand to us. That's assuming as the crow flies, and the crow does not have to expend gas searching to find us.”
Tinker asked, “You mean he won’t have enough fuel to get here?”  
“No,” replied Spook they have a way to add reserve tanks but the DeHavilland gets 3 miles per gallon. Starting with a full tank, it’s approximately, well it is a little less than 200 gallons, but let’s use the figure 200 anyway, for now. So 200 x 3 mpg equals enough fuel to get here straight line. You know that ol’ crow flapping its wings straight line of flight thing. Add another 40 gallon reserve tank and he’ll get another 120 miles, maybe by then he will have found us.”
Tinker chimed back in, “Well that’s good isn’t it? The plane can find us? Right?”

*  *  *  *  *

Spook looking down at the ground not wanting to see the expression on ‘Tinkers’ face when he said, “Yeah, he can get here probably but... but... 
"But... but... my ass Sarge! What are you NOT saying? Tinker asked.
"He won’t have enough fuel to fly us back out.
"Whoa!" Tinker replied, "If he can't fly us back out of this hell-hole why would they send him?"
"I’m just guessing, but I’m thinking they must think we have a fuel supply so he can top off his tanks once he lands.”
Sarge said disgustedly, “We have plenty in the boat, but it’s not aviation gasoline, it’s diesel! And even before she could ask Sarge said, “No Tinker diesel won’t work.”
The mood turned at once from excitement and enthusiasm to one of dismay and frustration. They were all thinking the same thing – why can’t we ever get a break?
Sarge slowly walked off down toward the river, hands in pocket, kicking at the grass with his jungle boots, mumblings something meaningless; Little ‘S’ stood with Spook going over the calculations once again both hoping Spook had somehow miscalculated.
Tinker sat on her little barrel and stared at the little green military radio, especially that card inside the case - she kept reading it over and over: AN/PRC 64, AN/PRC 64, AN/PRC 64 hoping the static would change to code but of course it did not. But something in her head kept bothering her, she turned to Spook and asked, “That airplane you are talking about, the one using gasoline, what if it doesn’t?”
“What do you mean, ‘doesn’t’ – they use gasoline, Tinker, how else would they fly? Rubber bands?” Spook said with a frustrated tone.
“Jet fuel, you know, kerosene!” said Tinker
Jumping into this discussion, Sarge excitedly answered, “Damn Tinker! You’re right – it could be a turbo-prop. Turbos DO use kerosene or JP-4. Diesel is nothing but another grade of kerosene. K-1 Kerosene, #1 Diesel and Jet Fuel (JP4) are all very much similar fuels.
We may get off of the water yet! Tinker if you will forget about Spook, I think I love you!!!! Spook what’s the wingspan on the DeHavilland?”
“Don’t know for sure Sarge around 50 feet I’m guessing, why?”
“We’re cutting everything pretty close; the landing, being able to stop, wingspan, type of fuel, takeoff if we are able and clearance of those tall trees at the bend up there (pointing toward the turn in the river). He’ll have to land downstream, the overhanging branches on the river south of the ‘Minnow’ will not give enough wing clearance to land north into the current.” Sarge said shaking his head. “Damn those tall trees! Fully loaded I don’t know if we can clear them or not.”
“Pop, you seem to be really worried, your actually think we might not be able to get the plane into the air and miss those trees don’t you?”
“Yeah, I’m worried about them, but we’ll also fighting a fast flowing turbulent, monsoon swollen river filled with debris of every description that will be meetin’ us head-on and a pilot that may not be experienced enough to take on such a task.
"Don't forget that damn Russian could turn that rocky bend up there in the river with his .50 cal M2HB firing from the deck of the other PBR. He could be laying down fire like all blazes, as we attempt take-off – damn straight, I’m worried!”

*  *  *  *  *

Although Sarge was really concerned everything seemed as if things were taking a turn for the better – when suddenly Tinker emitted a hair-curdling scream.
 “A Snake! A Snake! A snake just bite me on the leg… it was a Cobra!!! She yelled hysterically. “Oh God!! I’m going to die!! No… it was that… that…. Seven Stepper one, I’m sure of it!!!!”
Sarge came running.
Seeing the snake slithering under some of the debris from the ‘house’ he fell upon the pile of rubble and started frantically searching for the frightened snake. Little ‘S’ and Spook jumped on the pile of rubbish also - assisting Sarge in the search.
They all knew they had to identify what kind of snake they were dealing with, and they had to know immediately. After the frantic tossing of wood pieces, chunks of concrete, sheet iron and such debris Sarge came out of the pile with the snake’s head grasped tightly between his thumb and index finger. It was about 5 foot long and certainly a snake – but poisonous – no – it was a Radiated Rat Snake. Usually not aggressive, but will bite if provoked. Tinker must have stepped on or near it giving it a fright; it bit her purely by defensive instinct.
“Calm down Tinker it is not a Cobra and certainly not the ‘Seven Stepper’ – luckily it is not even poisonous; this is just one of the dozens of non-poisonous snakes of this area – it’s a glorified Rat Snake!” Sarge said placing the snake back upon the ground and everyone watched it slither back into its hiding place underneath the pile of debris.
"Damn you should have just killed it anyway for biting me!"
“Hell Tinker they do more good eating bugs than harm.”
“Well tell that damn snake I’m NO bug!!”
Taking a small bag of sodium chloride and some tincture of iodine from his aid bag he asked Tinker to place her leg upon her makeshift chair, the barrel. When she had accomplished this, Sarge took the bag of salt water and thoroughly washed the snake bite with the water saying as he did, “Tinker’ it was not poisonous – you are not going to die – I’m just going to wash it out real good put some disinfectant on it and you should be fine. It doesn’t even require a bandage. It needs air to dry. Don’t worry, okay?”
“Yeah!’ Tinker responded, “If it was YOUR leg I wouldn’t worry either!” The rest chuckled, even Sarge.

CHAPTER EIGHT

‘HELP’ APPEARS
The sky, again as usual, was overcast and threatening. There had been no rain all day except that early morning thunderstorm. Sarge became aware of a slight ‘rumble’ off in the direction of the southwest; that bothered him, bad weather with heavy overcast and there would be no hope of the floatplane getting in to attempt a rescue.
He was preparing himself for disaster - that pilot has got to be good – the weather has to hold off – it’s got to be a turbo-prop – it’s got to get over the high trees at landing - the plane can’t hit flotsam in the river – it’s got to get stopped before reaching ‘The Minnow’. He could think of so many things that could go wrong and not many that spelled success.
Glancing at his Timex, as he had a dozen times today, the hands indicated it was 1355 (1:55 pm), another hour to sweat out the arrival. That ‘rumble’ from the southwest grew louder, not significantly, but the increase was a signal it was coming toward them.
He called the team together, “Guys circle around,” he announced motioning them toward him with his arm. Tinker was sitting on the deck of their ‘yacht’ with Spook. Little ‘S’ had been standing guard at the edge of the river keeping a vigilant watch upstream. They knew the Blue Bereted Colonel was returning. They just did not know when. Spook jumped from the deck of the boat and extended a hand to Tinker helping her down to the ground. She winched as she put her weight on the leg with the snakebite. The bite was sore but wasn’t infected.
They all assembled themselves around Sarge, “What is it Pop?” Little ‘S’ wanted to know.
“There are two things that need our attention: first – Little ‘S’ hotfoot it back to the boat and get a 5 gallon ‘jerry’ can of diesel fuel.” Pointing to an open area near the spot where the ‘house’ used to be Sarge said, “take it over there, build up a big pile of trash. When our rescue plane appears off to the southwest pour that fuel on it and let’s get a good signal fire with plenty of smoke for them to see.

*  *  *  *  *

Second, I want all of you to listen to this.” Sarge turned his head toward the southwest and asked, “Do you all hear that thunder like ‘rumbling’ sound back toward that direction?” Raising his arm he pointed toward the southwest.
“Think a storm’s coming?” Spook wanted to know.
“No… not sure – listen! That’s not thunder; that ‘rumble’ is continuous, listen!”
Every one tilted their heads with one ear toward the ‘thunderous’ sound. “Yeah… yeah, your right Pop. It is continuous, what do you make of it?”
“Dunno, but I’m hoping its our ride out of here!”
Tinker questioningly asked Sarge, “Can’t be - it’s not time! They said 3 o’clock and its just a little past 2.”
No sooner than Tinker got the words out the pitch of the noise increased and seemed closer.
Sarge yelled to Little ‘S’ who was tending to the signal fire build-up. “Son bring me the binoculars.” Little ‘S’ still had them hanging around his neck from his ‘guard’ duty at the river. He hurriedly abandoned the signal fire preparation for the moment and scampered down to Sarge; hastily removed the binoculars from his neck and thrust them at Sarge. He watched as Big ‘S’ lifted them up to his eyes and scanned the horizon to the southwest.
“See anything?” questioned Little ‘S’.
“Yeah, dark angry looking 50,000 foot thunderheads, but sadly no airplane, and the noise is getting louder. I still believe it is a plane,” said Sarge trying to appear convincing.
No one moved. No one was even breathing. They seemed to be holding their collective breaths and all straining their ears to discern the rumbling noise.
Sarge broke the silence, “I see it... yep... it’s just a speck but it’s surely an airplane and he’s coming right toward us! Light the fire Little ‘S,” excitedly Sarge yelled. “Get that fire going! Give us some good ol' black smoke! And tape down the CW key on Tinker’s radio.””
“Damn Pop, I heard you the first time. Just stand back and watch a pro signal fire lighter at work.”
After fixing the radio he poured the 5 gallon 'jerry' can of fuel oil on the big pile of debris, flipped open the lid of his Zippo, fired it up, put the flame to a piece of paper and tossed it onto the humongous pile of trash.
‘Whoosh,’ the fire ignited with a greater force than the ones standing around thought it would. Little ‘S’ was so close he gave some thought to his eyebrows, or the absence thereof. Singed eyebrows weren't important. What was important was the humongous cloud of the most glorious black sooty smoke that anyone could have ever created. It arose from the signal fire, grabbing the southwestern breeze filling the sky with a dense coal black obscurity that was drifting, from the open spot where the ‘house’ at Pac Toul once stood, off to the northeast toward the river.
One could hear the sound of the plane’s engine ever increasing as it approached; it was changing from a dull rumble to a higher pitched, more powerful roar. It was only a few miles out now. The anticipation and tension was so strong you could almost cut it with a knife.
“Somethin’s not right!” Sarge exclaimed. “The CIA would use a float plane, probably a DeHavilland or Cessna to pick us up. That sound is too powerful and too awesome for the type of engine that would be on one of those 'planes. Let me have another look,” he said, putting the binoculars back to his eyes.
His eye’s strained trying to pick out the small speck in the far off southwestern sky – made harder to see by the background of the growing monsoon generated thunderheads with their accompanying constant lightning flashes.
The plane’s engine noise was growing louder – Sarge recognized the sound – this truly was the sound of a radial engine but one more powerful, more menacing; this was no docile float plane this was something more sinister and threatening.
Sarge was almost convinced that this on-coming ominous sound was not going to be friendly – he turned from his southwestern viewing vigilance to address Little ‘S’. He was about to instruct him to douse the fire and contain the smoke but he was too late – the devil incarnate came into view from over the southwestern horizon – it wasn’t a float plane!

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge yelled, “Cover, find cover, now!!!!”
The plane was not a passenger floatplane it was a single engine, aluminum skinned Russian military fighter. As the plane streaked by, tree level high, above the smoking fire, Sarge could clearly see a large 5-pointed red star painted just under and to the rear of the lone pilot’s cockpit. A large number ‘21’ painted in black was between the star and the blue and red striped tail assembly and the engine nose cap was a bright red. ‘Nope,’ thought Sarge, ‘that definitely ain’t no float plane!’
As the plane roared out of sight Little ‘S’ yelled to Sarge, “Where the hell do you suggest we find cover? There's nothing left to hide behind. What about the boat?”
“Good question”, Sarge replied.
He recognized this aircraft was a Russian LA-9, nicknamed the ‘Fritz’, and he was also aware it sported 4, that’s spelled F-O-U-R, 23mm cannons!!
‘Cover...! Cover…! There ain’t no place to find cover from those four sinister death-administering monsters!’ he realized. Those cannons fired small fragmentation hand grenade type shells almost an inch in diameter and 2 of those guns on each wing could shoot a bunch of those metal death dealers real quick.
Their ‘yacht’ was no hiding place – those cannon shells would cut through the ‘Minnow’ like a hot knife through butter. 
‘Hide...? Hide...? Where in the hell CAN we hide?’ he said to himself. ‘We will have to be in a hole to hide from those cannons!’ Then a thought hit him – hole – the well!
After the explosion at the well that killed Teach and the Scout there was a considerable hole left when that tremendous ground-shaking explosion vaporized the two of them.
It was still right where it had always been, in the courtyard. Sarge could hear the ‘Fritz’ making its large looping turn off to the northeast getting ready to begin its southwestern course to position its cross hairs on their little party huddled on the riverbank. This time the river wasn’t an option. It was totally exposed to the Russian’s gunfire as he began his northeast to southwest attack run.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge yelled, “No, not the boat – go jump into the well!”
Spook yelled to Little ‘S’, “What did Sarge tell us to do...? Go to HELL?”
“No,” said ‘Tinker, “Not go to hell... go to the WELL!!”
Everyone, except Spook knew immediately what Sarge meant – go jump into the hole where the well used to be – cover, they needed cover and they needed it before that screaming banshee came over the river towards them again.
As Tinker, Little ‘S’ and Sarge did their best imitation of a ‘cannonball’ into that foul smelling hole they fully realized that body parts of poor ol’ Teach and the Scout were scattered through out the dirt; however, eagerly and without hesitation they buried their faces and bodies into the northeastern wall of their protective enclosure and not a second too soon.
Spook strangely just stood on the edge of the pit, paralyzed, watching the winged deliverer of death approach from across the river heading headlong toward their earthen hiding place. The bloodcurdling roar of the flying beast was approaching at a hair-raising rate.
“Big ‘S,” yelled, Spook! “You son-of-a-bitch - get you’re sorry ass in this hole, NOW!!” 
Spook stood hypnotized, frozen, unable to move. Just staring at the on-coming formidable flying machine.
The LA-9 began unleashing its wing mounted murderous 23 mm cannon fire. Starting at the river’s edge the shells began walking their way across the courtyard rapidly approaching the fully exposed Spook. Defiantly he stood like he was invincible to the death-dealing pieces of explosive lead marching directly toward him.
Sarge had no time to holler a second time, he jumped from his place of safety and seized Spook as he were a rag-doll and literally threw him into the well with Tinker and Little 'S'; however, as he was performing this heroic deed a piece of hot shrapnel went tearing into his left shoulder.
“Hell,” Sarge screamed falling back into the hole, “I’ve been hit!!
That son-of-a-bitch shot me with a hot poker.” The hard piece of steel, glowing red hot from its recent discharge, sunk deep into Sarge’s shoulder muscle causing him intense excruciating pain. Sarge fell face down, unconscious, into the rank dirt with his feet inclined up the northeast slope. Blood and sweat ran like a stream into his eyes, nose and mouth.
He had to be turned over immediately or drown in his own blood!
Tinker and Little ‘S’, realizing Big ‘S’ was hurt pulled themselves away from their protective dirt wall, jerked his ruck’ off and flipped him over. At first they thought he suffered a head wound – blood was everywhere, but quickly they realized the blood was pouring from a gaping hole in his shoulder.
“Sarge! Sarge! I’m sorry… so sorry… I don’t know what came over me… I froze… I couldn’t move… I’m sorry,” whimpered Spook.
Tinker before deciding to become a scientist had worked part-time as an aid in a local free medical clinic. She knew exactly what to do – she tore a sleeve from her white coveralls and using her thumb and forefinger dug the still hot piece of metal from the hole in the shoulder of Big ‘S’ then used that sleeve as a compress to stop the bleeding. Tearing off the other sleeve she tied it around his shoulder to maintain pressure on the wound to minimize his blood loss. While Tinker was attending to Sarge’s injury he regained consciousness and Fritz's cannon shell explosions continued to rain dirt, rocks, body parts and debris down on them but Teach and the Scout’s grave mercifully saved them… this time…but it was not over…
As ‘Fritz’ made his pass from the northeast heading toward the southwest - pulling Sarge to cover they all hugged the northeast side of the well crater. Now they could hear the ominous fiend off in the southwest sky banking his plane sharply to turn once again to make another deadly pass to totally annihilate them. After scrambling from the northeast wall to the southwest side they once again buried themselves into the crater wall’s cool but odorous blood soaked soil.  
‘Fritz’, this time, was taking a different approach – he made his turn but continued to climb higher, higher and still higher. They could hear the powerful 14 cylinder radial engine begin to moan as its rate of assent steepened then suddenly the moan turned to a roar then to a screaming howl. The LA-9 Russian fighter turned from its steep upward climb and began its headlong plunge back toward the earth and its human prey in the hole. They were cornered… cornered in their smoking, stinky, foul hole like rats, with nowhere to run. Death, for what was left of Sarge’s team, seemingly was only seconds away. 
Faster and faster the four tons of deadly metal hurled earthward. Beginning at such a great height when it rolled over and began its dive allowed for such a tremendous gain in speed that the pilot was totally caught by surprise.
He pulled once on the trigger of the cannons and they fired a brief burst of shells but suddenly stopped – this was at the exact moment the Russian pilot realized he was in deep do-do (Russian for shit).
He knew that his nose-down descent had increased his aircraft to such an extraordinary air speed it was impossible to pull out of his diving attack.
Sarge, lying on his back in the bottom of Teach’s grave stared skyward. Watching the ‘Fritz’ plunge towards him he could envision the Russian pilot’s youthful hands struggling with his controls - pulling back on the yoke with all his might - his body pressed hard into his seat by centrifugal force - sweating and swearing at the same time. But to no avail – the pilot could not do the impossible. He sat pushed back into his seat by that unseen forceful gravitational hand as he stared with horror the ground racing faster and faster up to meet his soon to be coffin.
If he were a God-fearing man maybe he was uttering a quick final prayer as he crashed headlong into the ground at close to 900 mph. The aircraft erupting into a huge fiery mushroom cloud of blue/black smoke causing debris to rain down in all directions.  
Slowly and deliberately all the mud covered, ghost-like specters arose from their grave-like hiding place and looked toward the wreckage. Now, finally, they were fully aware that the danger was over and they were safe. Little ‘S’ said out loud what the others had been praying and thinking, “Thank you God!!”
They could not get too close to the burning wreckage of the once million dollar monster, the fire was too intense; however, a portion of the pilots flight helmet was still visible through the remains of the cockpit. The pilot’s goggles were up on his helmet and his open, lifeless blue eyes seemed to be staring directly into Sarge’s soul.
Tears began to form in the corner of his begrimed eyes as Sarge weakly stood gazing at the funeral pyre. He knew too well some Russian mother, at that very moment perhaps, was praying too but for the safe return of her young son. Her son who now lay dead in the burning wreckage; she would never again see his beautiful deep blue eyes or the glistening blond wavy hair she loved so much. Worse of all she wouldn’t even know the final resting place of her beloved son.
Sarge said quitely, “What was that Hemingway thing, oh yeah - “that it is sweet and fitting to die for one's country. But in modern war there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason.”
Sarge looked back toward the river, shaking his closed fist in the air and yelling at the top of his lungs, “You son-of-a-bitch. You dog! You can’t even do the job yourself...! You have to send this kid… this beautiful young lad with his whole wonderful life all before him, to die this day for you, huh? You’re a coward Colonel Nikita Ergorov. You’re a Blue Beret Russki coward! You ‘Thumper’ coward! You... you... hell to you! You’re a f***ing damn coward!!! (Sarge had run out of expletives to call the Russian Colonel) If you were here right now I’d choke you to death with my one good arm, as God is my witness. Someday somewhere you are going to be mine!”
“Be quite Big ‘S’! Get over here and sit down I found your aid bag and I’m going to bandage your shoulder. Just tell me what I need from it and what to do,” ‘Tinker said.
Sarge staggered over to the ‘Minnow’ and flopped down followed closely by Tinker and she began the medic lesson: “Open up that big flap on top and take out a couple of the 4”x4” field dressings, one of the 4” Ace bandages and a roll of the 2” adhesive tape. Open the flap containing the drugs and get a bottle called ‘Mercaine” and a bag of Sodium Chloride. Unsnap the right side pocket and get a tube of antibiotic ointment out and some of those Iodine Tincture swabs. On the left is a pocket that has some suture thread and needle. Get it too and grab the 10cc syringe and a 21 gauge needle.” Tinker obeyed immediately.  
“Now Tinker help me get my fatigue shirt off…yeah, that’s good… now take that bag of saline and wash all the blood clots, dirt and any other junk out of this hole in my shoulder.”
Tinker could not obey. Sarge’s shirt was removed and she stood transfixed on the large ‘S’ scar on his chest. This was the first time she had seen Sarge shirtless.
"My... my... my goodness Big 'S' I though you and Little 'S' had your nicknames because of your Scarburg names... but this..." Pointing at his chest. "Who in the hell did this?"
"Long story Tinker. I'll tell you about it later. Get Little 'S' to show you his."
"What...! You got one too Little 'S'?"
"No... well yeah..." laughing he said to Tinker. "Show me yours and I show you mine! Seriously tho' let's fix Pop up and you literally 'get off my chest'!!"
"I had an idea you two were crazy, now I'm sure of it! I'm leaving this chest thing along! I’ll just wash that shrapnel hole clean and mind my own business!”
“Good idea... now hand me my canteen… no… no… not that one it has water in it… the other one.”
Tinker did as Sarge instructed but as she unscrewed the green plastic canteen lid she held it up to her nose… “Damn Big ‘S’ that’s not water…! That’s booze!”
“Careful Tinker that ain’t ‘booze’ that’s Lynchburg, Tennessee’s finest 90 proof Jack Daniel’s corn whiskey! Pour some of it on this hole – careful don’t waste none – then take the swabs and clean around this bloody mess pretty good. But Tinker don’t let me catch you sneaking a snort of my ‘snake medicine’," he said forcing a smile.
“Wow,” Sarge said winching in pain, as Tinker followed his instruction, “it’s sure better going down the hole in my throat than being poured in that hole cut in my shoulder.” 
“Cut hell! I could drive a Mack truck through that gash,” she answered.
“Oh, I’ve had worse hurts than this on my eyeball. Come on, let’s get on with it! Now draw out about 1cc of the Mercaine and pop about ½ of it above and ½ below the hole. Good, that’s good now give it a minute to work.” They waited patiently for a couple of minutes then Sarge continued. “Now squirt some of that ointment in there and use that suture to close the gash.” 
“Wait a minute Big ‘S’ I don’t know…”
“Oh come on Tinker you can do this – take that needle and suture, pull the skin together…that’s the way… now take that curved needle go in at the top and come out at the bottom, apply a little tension and close the skin... okay now you got the hang of it...hmmm (Sarge winched a bit)”. Breathing hard Sarge said, “use a continuous stitch it’ll be fine. I’m not worried about a scar!” Tinker although trembling and nervous accomplished closing the wound and tying the suture.
Sarge, with sweat rolling off his face, complimented Tinker. “That’s fine… you (slight moan) did a fine job. Now apply a lot of the antibiotic ointment to one of those 4”x4” gauze bandages and place it and the other one on top of my cut and tape them down real good and wrap the shoulder with that Ace bandage. When she finished Sarge said to her, “Fine, that’s good… thanks Tinker you might have done well to have stayed in the medical profession.”
“Damn Big ‘S’ you act like this is just an simple affair! Like no more than removing a splinter from your finger!”
“Tinker’ wait until you have to sew yourself up. Doing it alone lying in a wet, bloody, pest infected hole in some un-named jungle with shells and bullets flying all around. You’ll find out this IS just a simple affair!
“You’ve done that Sarge, haven’t you?”
Without answering. “Thanks again, now lets get back to work. Oh... forgot.... doctors orders – give me a swig of my medicine from that last canteen!”

*  *  *  *  *

They did not have time to dwell on the demise of the Russian – obviously sent by the Colonel, or the recent surgical procedure. They were still brushing the dirt from themselves when once again a rumbling sound was heard back toward the direction the ‘Fritz’ came from earlier. “Yep," said Sarge, “looks like we have another visitor!”
Little ‘S’ yelled as he ran to retrieve his weapon. “Damn…  well I guess it’s back in the grave again. Spook get your M-16, at least this time we’re going to let him know we’re still here. Grab Pop’s too.”
The sound was getting louder – just as before – they knew what to expect this time. It was another airplane, but whose, theirs or ours? They didn’t have time to give it much thought since the rumbling noise of the engine was just over the southwestern horizon. It was only a couple of minutes out and soon their question would be answered. 
It came into view, they could see it plainly, it was… no... !! No!! It can’t be!!
“Thank you God, again!” It wasn’t Russian – it was a beautiful blue and silver single engine DeHavilland, equipped with pontoons.
On its nose was painted this wonderful armored knight astride a charging white steed. The knight held a long lance in his arm with a flag waving in the breeze displaying the word KNIGHT. It flew almost directly overhead and continued on its northeast path of flight. “What’s happening?” someone asked. 
“Where is he going?” another chimed in. Tinker made her hand into a fist and shook it as the plane disappeared over the trees, “Damn you!! Damn you!! You HAD to have seen us – we’re right here! The fire’s still putting out lots of black smoke!” As the plane’s roar disappeared off into the distance Sarge was bewildered also. ‘Why? What was his purpose, surely he saw our signal fire!’ Suddenly the pitch of the plane’s engine changed, it was turning in a large semi-circle and heading back. “Now that’s the kind of response I wanted to see,” said Sarge gleaming.
This time the plane was coming from the northeast on a path heading toward the southwest and it flew right over them again – seemingly not seeing or recognizing them. “What, this can’t be” said Sarge. Just as their glee and enthusiasm was about to fade the plane dipped one wing and then the other. Sarge was aware this was the International Recognition signal. “He saw us, he saw us,” was all Sarge could utter.

CHAPTER NINE

THE SHINING KNIGHT ARRIVES
After the wing dipping the big sliver and blue bird began turning in a huge wide semi-circle heading north then swinging to the east and a final turn south to made a direct course toward their river, which appeared to be its final destination.
Sarge yelled, “This is it, he’s coming in!” The plane, hidden by the trees at the bend of the river, suddenly appeared over the treetops. It passed ever so close to the last tall tree one of the pontoons slightly brushed the uppermost leaves. No harm no foul; the big bird continued its perilous descent.
Everyone expected to see the plane slowly come gliding over the trees gently settle down and make a smooth soft landing on the flooded river - not true - as the rear of the pontoons cleared the final tree the pilot nosed the plane down – it fell out of the sky like a rock, hitting the swift flowing river hard, so hard, in fact, the pontoons cascaded the foam, water and flotsam high into the air. So high the huge propeller whipped the water into a fog-like mist that momentarily gave the illusion that the plane was magically emerging from a cloud.
‘Was that on purpose?’ they wondered. Landing with the raging flow of the river increased the floatplane’s stopping distance – the pilot needed, on a smooth lake, close to 2000’ to stop; he had to cut this one close. Adding to the pilot’s tense situation, all kinds of trash floated in that water – one inadvertent encounter meant ruin to a hollow pontoon.
As their beautiful metal means of escape came roaring down the river they stood, with baited breath, hoping the wind and river current would not smash the plane’s wing into the ‘Minnow’. It wasn’t their mutilated craft they were worried about – they needed two good wings to escape from this shit hole called Pac Toul.
About 50’ out from the assembled group standing on the riverbank, the roar of the mighty engine stopped. The prop turned a couple of more times and ceased rotating. The pilot, dressed in civilian attire, stepped out onto the pontoon with a coil of rope in his hand and yelled, “Grab this line and tie me off.”
Little ‘S’ caught the line, tied it to one of the steel piling and pulled the rope taut, securing it tightly. The big plane settled into the current following the same path as their ‘Minnow’ – it was turning with the current with it nose pointed upriver and the tail downriver. The pilot tossed another line and requested the tail be secured also, Little ‘S’ and Spook obliged.
Once the plane was secure the pilot stepped from his pontoon upon the deck of their ‘yacht’. Stretching out his hand to greet Little ‘S’ who was standing the closest, “Hello, I’m Captain Hugo Knight, I’m guessing you guys are OPS 113, right?” 
‘Right’, thought Sarge, ‘now I get it.’ As he thought about the plants nose art and name.
While still shaking hands Little ‘S’ said, “We’re damn glad to see you Captain Knight. I am Captain Robert Edward Scarburg, 5th Special Forces. The beautiful lady on my left is Ling Wu of the Peoples Republic of China; this gentleman is the distinguished Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim. This last gentleman is the commander of Special OPS 113 ‘Photo Search’. May I introduce our one armed Master Sergeant Robert Edward Scarburg, 5th Special Forces.”
Captain Knight looked puzzled, “I thought you were Robert Edward Scarburg?
“I am,” said Little ‘S’.
“Well I’m now more confused than ever,” spoke the pilot.
“Junior," said Little ‘S’, “Master sergeant Scarburg is Senior.”
“And don’t you forget it either!” looking at Little “S”. “These young whippersnappers these days!” Sarge laughed while executing a weak hand salute to Captain Knight.
“Sergeant! Are you okay? You look like you are in pain.”
 “Nah, I’m fine, just a little cut on the shoulder but one question Captain,” Sarge asked grinning, “What would you have said if we had not been OPS 113?”
“Then I guess landing here would have been wrong not ‘knight’!” 
“I knew I was going to like you,” responded Sarge, grimacing but laughing.
 “Seriously tho’, my RFF needle brought me right to your camp.”
“Damn, our homemade homing antenna worked!” Sarge said.
 “But one question Captain Scarburg, meaning no disrespect Sergeant Scarburg, why is a Sergeant in command of a Special Forces team and not you Captain, the higher ranked team member?”
Little ‘S’ answered, “Captain we ARE Special Forces, rank to us is just a title, it is something that will get you killed out here in the boonies if you don’t know what you’re doing. Pop, uh, Sergeant Scarburg is the more experienced man; therefore, he is the commander. In fact, he’s probably the best-qualified man in the 5th Group. In Special Forces this is not unusual, the man who ‘can do' is the man who gets to ‘do’.
After all the introductions and small-talk Sarge spoke to Captain Knight. “Sir, we understand you have had a long flight and I suppose we are going to try to get out of here at first light tomorrow morning, but we’ve got one question? That sounded and looks like a radial engine, is it? We were hoping for a Turbo. We have plenty of diesel fuel for a Turbo but our tanks are empty if you need gas. Hell, after that ‘atomic bomb’ if we even had a gas pump it would have been blown away too!”
“Shoot." said the Captain. “Yeah my tanks are dry... I was sucking air as I dropped over those last tall trees...oh, the bomb crater! Yeah couldn’t help but notice it, or the burning wreck. And Sarge, you know your planes. My baby is a DeHavilland U-6A Beaver, 9 cylinders, radial piston R-985 engine delivering 450 Pratt and Whitney horsepower. Most have been converted to Turbo but this is one of the older models, still chugging alone on good ol’ gasoline. The ‘Company’ (slang for CIA) gave it to me to use.”
Sarge responded, “Glad you didn’t get here earlier Captain or you might have met our burning Russian pile of junk,” pointing toward the LA-9 “Fritz”, “before he decided to attempt a nose down landing.”
“Yeah, that sounds like a good story for later.”
“Captain Knight this is our team. Miss Lu is not Special Forces but due to her expertise and considerable contributions to this mission I am adding her name to our official Special Forces Mission Manifest. She will be the first woman ever accorded this honor.”
“Sergeant, I was under the impression that you had more men, where are they? I was ordered to bring your entire team home.”
Sarge digging deep down into the lower recesses of his torn, dirty and bedraggled jungle fatigue leg pocket pulled out his accumulation of blood-encrusted dog tags. Clenching them tightly in his fist he held them up to Captain Knight’s face, “You asked where are the others? They’re right here, and damn straight they ARE going home...WITH US! When we started we had 13, 14 counting Miss Lu, the four standing before you is all that are left, the others are right here in my hand.”
Captain Knight stood speechless – there was no comeback to the Sarge’s statement.
Sarge, however, broke the silence by saying, “Captain, I don’t know if you have any fuel left. But if you’ve got just enough to get us off this damn river and into the air I suggest we head due north into Thailand. Dr. Kim has contacts up there. We have some Special Forces camps there too, so when the time comes and you run your tanks empty then… then…  then hell do whatever you pilots do when you run out of gas. If we’re still alive when we get on ground we will figure something out.
Sarge speaking again to Captain Knight, “We know you have had a long arduous flight it will be getting dark in a little while, and it wouldn’t surprise me to get another thunderstorm tonight. You are tired and hungry too I suppose. We have a few Cs (C Rations) left. Most of the good ones are gone I’m afraid, but you’re welcome to what we have left. We can rustle you a ruck’ for a pillow and you can bed down on our ‘yacht’. I’m afraid that’s about as good as it gets around here. Can’t sleep on the ground, to many critters slithering about, and we lost our hammocks in the explosion.” 
“Thanks for the offer,” replied Captain Knight, “sounds fine, but first Captain Scarburg would you assist me at the plane?” Crossing the ‘Minnow’s’ deck Captain Knight asked Little ‘S’ to mount the pontoon and reach inside the cabin and remove the two red ice chests. 
The first chest was passed to Captain Knight who warned Captain Scarburg to be careful with the four 55 gallon drums lashed together in the storage compartment. Little ’S’ eyed them cautiously and handed the second red chest to Captain Knight. “Oh, by the way, reach around one of those barrels and hand me that wire thing-uh-ma-jig.” 

*  *  *  *  *

“By the way to you Captain,” Little ‘S’ asked, “why are you hauling these four heavy ‘Fuel Oil’ drums marked ‘AN3enbHOe TonnbO’  written in Russian?” I would have thought you wanted to be as light as possible?”
“Oh, them!” answered Captain Knight nonchalantly, “they are nothing…  nothing but four barrels of good ol’ 92 octane GASOLINE we need to get us out of here!!! Why do you suppose they call these DeHavilland Beavers trucks? We put the Russian words on them so if found later they cannot be identified as being American.”
“Pop! Pop! Come here and see what wonderful gifts Captain Knight has brought for us!” Little ‘S” yelled.
Sarge walked to the side of the boat and looked down at the one red box and quietly said, “Yeah I see it’s a red box, so?”
Still standing on the pontoon at the plane’s open cargo door Little ‘S’ said, “No dumb ass!! Not the red ice chest, look in here... four 55 gallons of… of… wonderful… gorgeous … GAS... O... LINE. Captain Knight brought his own filling station!” Now that got Sarge’s attention and he was elated.
After the two men placed the two red boxes on the boat’s deck, Little ‘S’ hurried back to retrieve the metal gizmo for the pilot. He heard Spook and Tinker yelling and dancing around – he knew Sarge had told them about the cache of gasoline.  
Little ‘S’ found the pilot’s metal ‘what-ever-it-was’ and returned as Captain Knight was loosening the latches and opening the lids on the red boxes.
Little “S” peered over Tinkers shoulder into the first one, “Gosh no! Oh no! This can’t be right! What are you trying to do to us Captain Knight?” 
He could contain his excitement no longer he yelled, “Steaks...!!! Steaks...!!! Wonderful, beautiful fresh T-bone steaks!” Steaks packed in ice. Now he knew the purpose of the pilot’s wire thing, it was a rack for a BBQ grill! He quickly jumped down from the ‘Minnow’ and started picking up pieces of the ‘house’ - concrete chunks, bricks, stones, anything he could use to throw together to construct a makeshift BBQ pit.
In a matter of minutes he had a circular BBQ enclosure that the grill would sit perfectly upon. He filled the enclosed space, made of stones, with broken tree limbs and anything that would burn but not smoke or give off a bad odor. He proceeded to build himself a rip-roaring fire – once the fire had died down to hot embers he knew the steaks would be ready for cooking. Throwing the steaks on the makeshift grill, he jumped back upon the boat and headed for the other red cooler – it contained nothing but real ice and adult beverages - he reached for a dripping ice cold Budweiser, held it to his forehead and sighed. As he was grabbing his brew he glanced over at Sarge. Sarge was already on his second or was it his third?
“Slow down Pop – better pace yourself. How many have you had?”
 Sarge said, “Hell who’s counting, besides I have an excuse - I’m a wounded man and my shoulder hurts!” Sarge was sitting on the ‘yacht’s’ deck with his back leaned against the port side of the cabin talking with Spook and Captain Knight, free and easy. Spook was explaining Sarge’s wound and the bomb crater – ‘I hope Spook watches what he talks about and I hope Pop especially watches that valuable rucksack that is his constant companion’, Little ‘S’ thought to himself. Meanwhile Tinker gladly assumed the ‘job’ of grilling the steaks.
Captain Scarburg, with brew in hand, joined the three ‘happy warriors’ at the boat’s cabin. “Pull up a stool," motioned Sarge pointing to an empty spot on the deck. Turning back to Captain Knight he slurred, “Sorry for Junior’s interruption, you were saying?” 
Barely sober enough to talk the Captain said, “Oh, I was just about to tell… uh… uh… what the hell WAS I going to say… ooh yeah… you know how it’s interesting that you’ve got a son named after you - Robert Junior. I too have a namesake son - Hu… Hu… hold on a minute… I’ll… uh… uh… get it out - Hugo… that’s right… Hugo Jonathon Knight. Strange thing tho’ my Junior was our second son. Our first son we named ‘Trey’ like… you know number three, but he was number one - what the hell… I can’t figure it out either I believe we wanted his name to be Trayton… I just… just… know when the second son came along I wanted a son with my name, so we named him Hugo Jonathon Knight, Junior… Damn seemed like it made sense at the time. I can’t even make sense out of it now… but hell this coming 25th of… of… damn what month was it… oh yeah… July… July, yeah that’s right… July… he will be one year old.
Little ‘S’ chimed in, “Damn, my son Robert Scarburg, III is one year old too and we call him ‘Trey’ also...what’s the odds!”
Sarge, using his ‘church key’ punched a little triangular hole in another frosty cold brew and replied, “Now ain’t that fine, we both got Juniors. Hope yours turns out better’n mine,” he said winking at Captain Scarburg and grinning.
Both Captain Knight and Little ‘S’ had finished eating and were sitting enjoying the ‘gifts’ from the red box. Sarge, vigilant always, was keeping one eye peeled on the river watching for the escaped PBR. It was obvious the Captain had equaled or had already exceeded Sarge’s ‘dead soldier’s’ count but barely coherent he began speaking to Little ‘S’. After a couple of sentences Little ‘S’ perceived Spook, an ol’ CIA man too had ‘spilled the beans’ to the Captain, his CIA cohort, about The P.H.O.T.O. but what the Captain was saying, tipsy tho’ he was... was... very interesting.

*  *  *  *  *

It seemed that Captain Knight was not an actual military Captain at all! This identity was just his CIA cover in the unlikely case the plane was lost and the ‘Captain’ was taken prisoner. He had nothing that could show he was connected to the CIA. He was just an ordinary civilian bush pilot flying his beautiful DeHavilland ‘Knight’ delivering his cargo of “Fuel Oil” to remote logging operations. The ‘Captain’, was, in fact, head of one of the ‘Agency’s’ top Intelligence groups. Their specialties were in special warfare techniques, counter-intelligence and any and all affairs concerning the Russians.
He had flown this rescue mission since all the other CIA pilots that could have been used were engaged in various other mission essential flights. The ‘Company’ upon receiving the message from the American Embassy in Bangkok was aware of OPS 113’s importance and deemed it urgent they get rescued as soon as possible.
Upon hearing this confession and realizing Spook had filled the ‘Captain’ in on their mission and their discoveries; Little ‘S’ called Sarge and Tinker over for a ‘round robin’ meeting. Tinker was sitting close by and had already heard most of the men’s conversation. Sarge, after downing his last Bud, had gone back on guard duty at the PBR’s bow and was totally unaware of what just transpired. 
When all were assembled Little ‘S’ explained the Captain’s true identity and how he had recently gained knowledge, from Spook, of The P.H.O.T.O. The others sat waiting for the ‘great’ announcement, what was it to be? Of course, they could kill the ‘Captain’, couldn’t they? Nah, even Tinker couldn’t fly the DeHavilland out of this river hellhole, even if she had a pilot’s license (which she did).

*  *  *  *  *

The ‘Captain’ was the first to speak. Everyone moved closer thinking a deep dark secret was about to be revealed. It was...somewhat. He spoke quietly and distinctly, choosing each word carefully, “You folks are on to something… something really BIG.
This is huge – if all you have told me about the photographs are true, and I certainly do believe you, the connection you have found with the Kennedy assassination is… is there another word for huge? You all realize there were conspiracy theories about the assassination being connected to the Russians, the Cubans and even to the Mafia. Jack Ruby was supposedly a patsy, Lee Harvey Oswald did not work alone; President Kennedy did not die at Parkland Hospital in Dallas; Lyndon Johnson had him killed, on and on they go.
If any of these theories are true, and with just the little that you have discovered, it appears some are – you all are in grave danger – not only from possibly the Russians, the Cubans, the Mob, it could even be our own U. S. government. These people would go to any length and spend any amount of money to silence you.
And that bag of microfilm and documents, oh, my gosh, Fort Knox would not have enough gold to buy it. And what about the ‘silver men’ where did they go? You know they are pissed! And that Russian Colonel, you know he’s not gone forever either.”
Everything had been happening so fast throughout the afternoon that nightfall had slipped up on them. They were all still sitting on the boat about three sheets in the wind from all the brews from the red ice cooler but the Captain WAS making sense.
What were they to do? They wanted to lie down and sleep but events were overpowering them. They had to have A PLAN! 
“Listen,” the ‘Captain’ said, “you all cannot take that rucksack of information back to the your headquarters! You will not be alive in 24 hours after that data is revealed to them.
It is not in their interest, they will say it was for the good of the Nation or ‘American Security’, anything to silence you. They will make up some story that they think they can sell to the American public. It will be believable too, just look at the Kennedy assassination cover-up.”  
“Someway, somehow, by whatever means you four MUST reconstruct those machines – you have the expertise to do it and in that bag you have the plans that instruct you how to build them.
From this day forward, trust only each other – the four of you must do whatever it takes – and I mean whatever it takes to prove to the world that John F. Kennedy was not assassinated but MURDERED in a plot to accomplish what? That’s what your task is to find out!!”
Silently they sat on the deck of their ‘yacht’; cold American adult beverages in their hands, all eyes looking down at the deck, neither wanting to be the first to speak.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge snapped out of his mental fog. “The ‘Captain’s’ right. This is bigger than us; it’s bigger than the CIA or even our own government. And the ‘Captain’ is right about another thing too – the Kennedy Assassination had a sinister plot behind it – someone should expose it and I am thinking we should be the ‘someone’ to do it.”
Little ‘S’ spoke next, “Pop you know whatever you say is good with me. I’m with you!”
Tinker said, “I’ve got nothing better to do than get myself killed finding out who killed your president… sure, I’m in too. What about you Spook?”
Spook said, “Big ‘S’, Little ‘S’, if both of you agree… I go with Tinker, count me in also!”
The ‘Captain’ caught by surprise at those names said, “Who the heck are all those little and big ‘S’s and spooks and tinkers. You people must all be crazy…. with this utterance he toppled over onto the deck, spilling what was left of his umpteenth brew.
The others laughed and let him lie where he fell. Tinker removed the empty Bud can from his firm grip, threw a poncho over him and quietly speaking down to him said, “Yep, believe ‘crazy’ is right, ‘Captain’.”
As usual Sarge said he would stand watch at the river and instructed the others to get some rest. He wanted the peaceful quietness of the night standing next to that gushing flow of river water. It calmed him, and let him think. Think about the mystery message on the plastic sheet and the scarlet letter “Z” on the Bible… Pondering over the  ”Z’ and the ‘mystery message”’ he pulled out the Bible from his ruck’ and reading found this verse in Daniel 2:19 that stated, “During the night the mystery was revealed to David in a vision …”  ‘Why?’ thought Sarge, ‘can’t God give ME a vision? Oh well if I need a vision maybe God will give me one.’
His shoulder hurt but ‘hell’, he thought, ‘I’ve been hurt before and much worse, right now I need to think.’ Think he must of… of… dare he say it… A PLAN! 

CHAPTER TEN

TIME TO LEAVE PAC TOUL
Morning came with its dampness and its usual grey overcast sky – as Sarge stood watch on the river bank late last night he heard, this time real, rumbling of thunder toward the southwest. He watched the sky occasionally light up with the brilliant burst of flashes of lightning from behind a thundercloud but it was a long way off. The storm never materialized into a full-blown thunderstorm, at least, not one that was heading their way at the moment.
The ‘Captain’ had also brought some real coffee with him. Now they could drink honest to goodness actual coffee, not that powdered stuff they had been enduring.
Sarge had a C4 fire started using Little ‘S’s BBQ pit and the coffee was beginning to again fill the air with that most delectable aroma. Oh, the powdered stuff smelled good too when brewed when you had nothing else, but this today wasn’t just good - it was heavenly.
Sarge pouring some hot coffee into his canteen cup got to thinking what was better smelling than fresh coffee. The only think he could think of that was, maybe, as good but he wouldn’t say better was fresh baked bread. That was good too he thought.
Those lying half dead on the ‘Minnow’s deck from the previous nights bout with ‘lets see who can drink the other under the table’ party began to get a whiff of the glorious aroma of Sarge’s freshly brewed coffee. Their eyes began to open. Egad! They might still be among the living!
Sarge yelled, “Come and get it, while there’s still some left!” That got their attention. Over the side of the boat they came leaving poor ol’ Tinker limping along on her sore leg. Spook thinking of the fresh hot coffee, forgot about Tinker but just for a moment, he turned and helped her from the boat and brought her a canteen cup of the hot delectable nectar.
As they were sipping their coffee, no one wanted to ask the question. Little ‘S’ looked at Spook who looked at Tinker who looked at Sarge. Their eyes only met for a moment and then each glanced away, someone please ask the question. ‘What are we going to do? Are we leaving?’

*  *  *  *  *

Before any of them had a chance to ask, the ‘Captain’ spoke first, “Well I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but those four 55 gallon drums will not pour themselves into the Knight’s tank. I have a hand pump in the storage locker, if one of you can stand on their feet I think we need to get started.”
Everyone headed toward the ‘plane, leaving Tinker to hobble along after them. She managed to pull herself upon the ‘Minnow’ and limped across to the other side to watch the gas filling proceed. By the time she arrived the first drum was already opened and a fuel hose was dangling from the wing tank fuel filler hole. Little ‘S’ was the hand pump operator.  
This progressed slowly but eventually the four barrels were empty – now the DeHavilland’s tanks were topped off. As each barrel was emptied it was summarily pushed overboard into the flow of ol’ man river. As the last barrel was cast overboard into the swift river current Sarge noticed some objects stored on the wall of the Dehavilland – parachutes - it was parachutes!!
U. S. Air Force B-4 parachutes, but parachutes nevertheless.
He counted, one, two, three, four, five - five ‘chutes - now Sarge had the beginning of a plan.
All assembled back on their boat, the ‘Yacht, the ‘Minnow’, the piece of junk, the dilapidated wreck but one they would always cherish. It was their place of safety. It saved their lives. The ‘Captain’ spoke, ‘Get all your gear aboard the DeHavilland, and I’ll see if I am a good enough pilot to get us out of here!”
Sarge quickly answered, “What you see is what you get ‘Captain’, if we can’t carry it, it won’t be comin',” pattin’ his ruck’ now carried by Little ‘S’. He instructed Little ‘S’ and Spook to police up (Army slang for clean-up) the area. “Throw all visible signs that we were ever here into the river – kick down the BBQ pit, toss all cans into the river, police up any fired brass, toss it too. Leave nothing that would show that any Americans were ever in the vicinity.”
Little ‘S’ trying to be cute said, “Pop, this fire is still smoldering, ‘Smokey said most forest fires are caused by careless campers!”
“Smokey’s damn right!! I hope this whole friggin’ place burns to a charred wasteland after we have gone! In fact, as we take off I’m goin’ to throw a half-smoked Winston out just to make damn sure it does!”
Sarge continued, “Little ‘S’ cut the stern line holding the ‘Minnow’ and undo the line holding the tail of the airplane. Once you all are on the DeHavilland Spook will stand on the pontoon and cut the boat’s front bowline and let the PBR drift down the river – whoever finds it will not know where it came from. Tinker get on the plane but before you do, here’s the thing, I’ve come up with… A PLAN.”
I have already discussed this with the ‘Captain’ and he is in total agreement – Spook you told me before that you had two brothers in the CIA also, right? (Spook nodded in agreement) One of them is posted to Thailand, right? (Spook again nodded) Once we get airborne you radio the one in Thailand and have him meet you wherever he wants close to the Cambodian/Thailand border. Once we hook up with him we will move on to Plan B.”
“What is Plan B, Pop?” Little ‘S’ asked.
“How the hell do I know I’m just now coming up with Plan A. Oh, there’s one little thing I forgot to tell you about Plan A. Once we clear the mountains that divide Cambodia and Thailand there are five B-4 Air Force personnel parachutes in the plane… we are going to don those and jump at Spooks rendezvous point with his brother.”
“What about the DeHavilland?” Little ‘S’ wanted to know?
“We’ll set her on autopilot, put the remainder of that stick of C4 in the cockpit and let her fly until her tanks are sucked empty and crashes – boom,” answered Sarge. “They will barely find enough to recognize what kind of plane she was after she hits the ground.”
“To hell with this stupid flying disaster stunt, let’s return to the part about “donning” and “jumping,” Tinker said with a hint of terror in her voice. “I don’t think I like the sound of those words. Why can’t we just set this contraption down on some river or lake over there in Thailand? Jumping out of a perfectly good airplane doesn’t make any sense to me at all!”
“Okay,” Sarge stated. “If we set her down on some lake in Thailand, like you want, eventually she will be found and the authorities will know that we are missing. They will launch and all-out search looking for us – remember we don’t want to be found. If the plane explodes on impact, and trust me it will, they will think we were blown to smithereens. Terminated, end of search, we’re home free.”
“Now let me tell you about the parachutes…” Sarge started.
“Hold on Pop, we’ve all jumped before what’s the big deal?” asked Little ‘S’.
“First, ALL of you haven’t jumped before. I know Tinker hasn’t. Looking her way questionably, “Have you Tinker?” Sheepishly she dropped her head and looked at the deck and shook her head ‘no’. “Darn Tinker is there finally something you haven’t done? Well anyway, the ‘Captain’ probably is new to this too, right?” Sarge said looking toward him.  
The ‘Captain’ grinned, “No, I’m fine…I’m jump qualified too!” he said.
“Well hell, smart butts, I know Spook has never jumped one of these B-4 ‘chutes and I bet none of you have ever jumped one either. There’s no static line! You will have to pull the ripcord yourself. Once you jump from the plane count to four and pull. If nothing happens, don’t worry; you won’t have time to worry about it very long. If it opens, and it will - maybe, (grinning), just use the same PLF (Parachute Landing Fall) procedures you already know. You know, feet together, knees slightly bent, hit and roll. Piece of cake, oh, by-the-way Spook remember I told you Special Forces had a guarantee with their ‘chutes, this time if yours don’t open you’ll have to take this one back to your friends at the CIA,” Sarge said grinning as he headed toward the 'plane.

*  *  *  *  *

“Time to saddle up,” he said, “Let’s put the fire out and load the dogs, the hunt is over, everyone get on board the ‘plane. Here Son I’ll take my ruck’ You’ll have to help the ‘Captain’ get this baby cranked.”
The ‘Captain’ pulled open his window, stuck his head out and said to Little ‘S’, “Give her several turns on the prop so we can verify that there is no hydraulic lock.” Junior followed the instructions to the letter, turning the huge propeller at least three or four complete revolutions.
The ‘Captain’ yelled, “cast off." Little ‘S’ cut the mooring lines and jumped into the DeHavilland and closed the door.
The ‘Captain’ gave the big Pratt and Whitney radial engine five stokes of primer and engaged the starter. He counted three, four then five turns of the giant prop; he energized the boost coil and switched the magnetos on. Finally he flipped the ‘START’ switch, five of the syrup bucket sized cylinders fired first and then the other four.
The engine moaned, coughed and sputtered then a huge blue/black cloud of smoke belched from the engine exhausts and she coughed once more then started to roar. Oh, that sound, it would make Harley lovers swoon. Nine Harley’s all lined up in one big circular engine, what music!
The four ‘Fuel Oil’ barrels having been empted were now on their way floating deep into the recesses of the recently visited swamp. Their absence allowed space on the DeHavilland to install two passenger benches. Spook and Little “S” wasted no time getting them positioned and all passengers on board were availing themselves of their soft-seated comfort.
The ‘Captain’ turned partially around in his seat and asked if anyone had any flight experience. Of course Tinker did – he asked if she wanted to sit in the right co-pilot’s seat. Sure, what a dumb question, she most assuredly did.
“Buckle up tight! We’re getting’ ready to have some fun,” the Captain said speaking loudly to be heard over the roar of the big Pratt and Whitney. He turned to Tinker, “Don’t touch this yellow capped thing here between us – it’s an in flight oil additive inlet pipe. These DeHavillands are great planes, but they use oil something fierce. Sometimes, if the oil pressure drops low enough you have to remove that yellow cap and pour 50-weight motor oil into it. The oils right there beside you in that storage compartment, more in the back, if needed. But on this leg of the flight I don’t think we’ll need to add any. I checked before firing her up this morning, the oil reservoir’s full.”

*  *  *  *  *

Back at his controls the ‘Captain’ announced, “Everyone ready? Here we go!”
He turned and looked out his window to double check that the mooring lines were free - they were. He could see the ol’ PBR silently floating down the river behind them a good 100 meters below its previous home. He turned to Sarge and signaled him to look out the side window. Sarge leaned over and saw what the ‘Captain’ wanted him to see – the ‘Minnow’. He pointed her out to the others – you could see their sadness – it was as if they were leaving an old friend behind.
Quickly reality returned – the ‘Captain’ pushed the throttle wide open – all 450 hp of that R-985 nine cylinder radial engine came to life with a deafening roar.
The Dehavilland started to move, slowly at first, and then as the ear splitting roar grew louder (if that was possible) it began to gain speed. Tinker and the others were looking upriver through the windshield, staring with dread - the bend in the river and those sky-high trees!
Faster and faster the plane slid across the water, bouncing and bobbing toward its fatal demise or toward its triumphant achievement of flight.
They roared ever closer. Would they make it or were they spending their last few moments alive terrified beyond belief.
The ‘Captain’ realized he was playing a delicate balancing act – he had to have sufficient speed but yet he also needed enough time to gain altitude to clear those tall majestic trees. He wanted manifold pressure (mp) at 30 ½” and that beautiful radial engine had to obtain a minimum 2300 rpms. He had to be perfect, no margin for error – wait to long and the plane would hit the trees – pull up too soon and he would not have sufficient rpms to gain enough altitude – again the same result - the plane would hit the trees.
“Come on big boy, come on you can do it! Don’t you quit on me! You’re a Knight show me that courage - come on! Come on! Just a little more! Charge!! Charge!!”

*  *  *  *  *

At exactly 30 ½” mp and 2300 rpm it was the right moment, the ‘Captain’ reasoned, using both hands he pulled back hard on the yoke – the ‘Knight’ lifted slightly from the river then settled back, again it tried to gain lift, again back to the water, time was running out, they had time for one last attempt.
The ‘Captain’ with one last hard pull on the yoke finally got the pontoons to separate from the water and they were finally AIRBORNE!!
Not a second to soon the huge propeller clipped a small branch from the tallest tree but they were, at last, in the air. Tinker looked down at her white knuckled hands that had been gripping the armrests so tightly she was afraid she had left fingernail imprints in them. “We made it, we made it! She hollered, both laughing and crying at the same time.

*  *  *  *  *

Just as they all began to exhale, breathe and hoping to get their hearts restarted a series of spatting reverberations were heard throughout the cabin. Tinker thought, ‘What was those plinking noises?’ Sarge instantly recognized that metal tearing din and watched as small circular spots of daylight rapidly began appearing in the skin of the DeHavilland!  
The ‘Captain’ too had heard that snapping, popping sound before - he had experienced it many times in the past also. “Down everyone, down! We’re being fired upon!”
The ‘Captain’ pointed with his finger toward the ground on the port side of the plane. As he signaled the origin of the gunfire his whole body suddenly recoiled, jerked violently forward, tried to stand but was restrained by the seat belt. Exhaling loudly he fell forward across the control column, seemingly dead; however, he maintained a death grip on the yoke and had pushed his foot down hard on the right rudder causing the ‘plane to drop into an steep uncontrollable downward spiral roll toward the Cambodian earth thousands of feet below.

*  *  *  *  *

Tinker emitted a scream. “The ‘Captains’ been hit! The ‘Captains’ been hit!”
Sarge unbuckled and looked out the port window – down below was the second PBR! The one that got away during the fight on the river with the bastard Russian Colonel; he could see it was moored about a mile or so upriver past the rocky bend – they were firing their .50 cals at the DeHavilland – "It's the Blue Bereted son-of-a-bitch," he yelled as he examined the PBR closely. "Today I’m makin’ you a promise: One day it’s goin to be my turn and I’ll checkmate you and you won’t have the advantage you Russian bastard. Mark my word... checkmake... one day...checkmate...!”
For a fleeting moment Sarge wondered about the Russkis - ‘why were they so close before and no follow-up attack’? Had ‘Thumper’ been relying on the kid in the LA-9 to finish us off? What had he waitin' on… reinforcements? Big ‘S’ could not dwell on the answer his medic skills were immediately required to get the ‘Captain’ revived and back in charge of the now out-of-control ‘plane - he must attend to the ‘Captain’.
Making his way toward the cockpit in the rapidly descending DeHavilland, now behaving as a flying brick, was a tremendously arduous task. Fighting his way to the pilot’s seat Sarge, always the professional soldier, unfazed, yelled at Tinker. “Can you fly this aircraft Tinker?” Covered in blood, bits of bone and pieces of tissue from the ‘Captain’ Tinker whimpered something inaudible.
“Tinker’, listen to me! Calm down! There is nothing you can do about the ‘Captain’ – CAN YOU FLY THIS ‘PLANE? Give me a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ right now!”
“Yeah,” she said crying. “I… I can fly it.”
“Good,” responded Sarge. “Get us out of this dive immediately and climb back up to at least 10,000 feet, that should be high enough to clear the Dangrek Mountains between Thailand and Cambodia.”
Tinker struggled with the controls. It was almost humanly impossible to pull the controls back – these planes have a mechanical system whereby the yoke connects directly to the control surfaces with cables and rods – human muscle power alone is not enough - hydraulic systems are used where yoke movements control hydraulic valves and actuators. Most likely one of the Blue Beret bullets cut or nicked this hydraulic control system, causing damage, which made the 'plane almost impossible to fly. 
“Sarge… Sarge!” Tinker frantically yelled, “get in that other seat and help me pull this yoke back! Now Sarge! Now!!” The only thing Sarge could do was unbuckle the ‘Captain’ and let gravity throw him out of the pilot’s seat. Sarge didn’t want to treat the ‘Captain’ in this manner but the ground was rushing towards them too rapidly.
Finally at the last moment, with Sarge’s one-armed help, she was able to regain control of the downward spiraling Silver Knight and gain full flying control. She pulled on the controls and began to maintain level flight just a few hundreds of feet before they crashed into a forested hillside of a forlorn Cambodian mountain. "Whoa!!” Tinker finally exhaled.
Looking at the ‘Captain’ Sarge instinctively knew his medical efforts were going to be useless – he knew from previous experience with bullet wounds this was serious - the ‘Captain’ was dying.
Again this wasn’t Sarge’s first rodeo.
He had been present too many times when Death’s Angel came for another soul – but he went through the motions nevertheless checking to see if the ‘Captain’ had a pulse; first at his wrist and then at his carotid artery, there was a slight pulse at both. In addition there was a half-inch bullet hole emitting a high pitched whistling sound just below the pilot’s window; ‘this is the one that got him’, thought Sarge.
The Ma Deuce FMJ (full metal jacket) projectile, hurled from the deck of the PBR far below, entered his left side just above his belt-line and exited just to the rear of his right armpit leaving a hole about the size of his fist.
 'He never knew what hit him and cannot survive a wound this bad!!' thought Sarge to himself.
Luckily the FMJ .50 caliber bullet missed Tinker and punched out a jagged bloody hole in the starboard side of the plane just above Tinkers head.
Glancing at the radio he said, “It doesn’t look like the radio was damaged.” Turning to Spook and Little ‘S’ who had been praying and holding on for dear life in the back he yelled, “Spook how about coming up here and getting on the horn and see if you can make contact with your brother.”
Spooks robust crème colored Asian skin was now a sickly gray color, all his blood seemed to have accumulated in his feet.  His hands were shaking so badly Little ‘S’ had to undo his seat belt for him. Sarge, grinning said, “What’s wrong Spook wasn’t scared was you?” 
“Scared…? Scared?” Said Spook. “Heck no!!” Thinking to himself, ‘I wonder if I have some clean underwear in my ruck’?’
Sarge wanted Little ‘S’ and Spook to come forward and together they managed to pull and drag the ‘Captain’ from the cockpit back into the rear of the cargo compartment. Once they got him stretched out on the floor Sarge, always respectful, partially covered him with a blanket.
Sarge was not a deeply religious man but he thought a few prayerful words at times like these would be appropriate. He silently spoke to his God on behave of the ‘Captain’, the same as he had done for others numerous times before. He thought the dying or dead at least deserved this much.
Finishing his private prayer with God Sarge checked the ‘Captain’ again, no change, he was non-responsive and unconscious. Grabbing his aid bag Sarge did the best he could to bandage the two gapping holes in the ‘Captain’s’ body, knowing full well it was just cosmetic and was of no benefit - he was dying.

*  *  *  *  *

As Sarge returned forward he glanced out the port window and noticed blue smoke trailing alongside the DeHavillian. “Tinker where the hell is that smoke coming from?”
“Sarge, the engine isn’t running smoothly – one of those Russian bullets must have damaged a cylinder.”
“Can you make out anything from the instruments?”
Tinker responded, “Yeah, for the ones I understand. They seem okay – but this one the ‘Captain’ pointed out to me – it’s the oil pressure gauge – it’s falling! The manifold and rpm gauges seem low too.”
“What do we do now?”
“We’ve got to remove this yellow screw-on lid and pour motor oil into the engine.”
“We can do that?” said Sarge amazed.
“Yeah,” Tinker continued, “the ‘Captain’ said we could.”
With that bit of information Tinker, Sarge and Spook got to work pouring oil into the engine. Meantime Tinker was trying to nurse the now 8 or 7 remaining Dehavilland cylinders up to the 10,000-foot altitude.
The fuel gages were dropping faster than normal, but Tinker did not think they were in danger of running out of fuel anytime soon. The fuel tank must have been hit by only one bullet, and these CIA planes have been equipped with what are called ‘self sealing’ tanks. They will seal small holes if they are not too big.
Tinker had been told by the ‘Captain’ to maintain, at least, 28 inches of manifold pressure and the engine had to be putting out a minimum of 1800 rpm. Neither of these two gauges indicated those numbers - both showed they were low.
Tinker moved over to the pilot’s seat and Spook filled her now vacant co-pilot’s place. He started changing frequencies on the radio to match the one that his brother would be monitoring.  
Tinker kept watching the instruments, especially the manifold pressure and the rpms.
Both were still low, and getting lower – that was not good. Without enough of either clearing the mountains would be impossible.
She turned in her seat and motioned to Sarge. “Yeah Tinker what is it?” he said as he approached.
“Sarge I’m not a very good pilot but I know the ‘Captain’ told me this plane has to have at least 28 inches of manifold pressure and a minimum of 1800 rpms to keep flying.
“What does that mean, in real talk, Tinker?
“It means we will not have enough power to climb to 10,000 feet. At present our rpms are dropping, not fast, but enough to cause worry and I cannot get the manifold pressure above 24 inches!
Sarge we are going to crash before we get to those mountains far off there in our front.” Tinker pointed, spoke sadly and quietly so it would not upset the others but with the roar of those remaining radial cylinders no one could have heard her anyway.
"Tinker we must get to the other side of those mountains," he said pointing toward them with his finger. “Is there nothing we can do?” he asked hoping she had an answer.

*  *  *  *  *

“No nothing – and to make our situation worst look out this port window,” she said. What Sarge witnessed was awesome! It was a tremendous brewing monsoonal thunderstorm! “I HAVE to miss THAT and to do so I must correct our heading to change from due north and fly north-northeast about 30 degrees. That is going to put us even farther away from southern Thailand.”
Sarge paced back and forth from the cockpit to ‘Little ‘S’ several times, before Little ‘S’ asked, “What’s going on Pop? Something's wrong! What's happening?”
Sarge was never one to embellish the truth or one to hide dire circumstances. He spoke to Little “S” candidly, “We’re not going to make it across the mountains ahead! Looks like one of the Spetsnaz Colonel’s bullets damaged our engine.
Tinker tells me that we don’t have enough power to gain enough altitude to clear ’em. Beside that good piece of news, we have to fly north-northeast to avoid a huge thunderstorm developing off to our left. This is just goin’ to put us farther from Spook's brother in Thailand and our possibly rescue. We are really in a pickle,” he said to Little ‘S."

*  *  *  *  *

Spook returned to the rear of the aircraft and took a seat beside Little ‘S’ and Sarge. “Good news! I reached my brother - he will meet us at a place named Surin, Thailand. It is a few klicks north of the Thai/Cambodian border. He said to meet him at the Northern Bus Station at 1200 local next Wednesday.
One of us is to wear a red bandana so he can identify us.
From the bus station we will take a 6-hour bus ride into Bangkok and there he will arrange for our further transportation. But he had a caveat – we must meet him at noon on Wednesday, DO NOT BE LATE. That time and place are set in stone! It is just too dangerous, enemy spies are everywhere.”
“What did you tell him about us?” asked Sarge anxiously.
“Nothing, I told him we were on a top secret mission. And not to mention our conversation to anyone not even his supervisor. I stressed he must protect our clandestine operation.”
“Good. Good work Spook.”
“Oh, yeah, something else. He said next week the Thais would be having their Annual Elephant Round-up. Evidently it is a big annual Thai elephant celebration affair in the country. The center of activity is in the city of Turin. They do things such as - an elephant capture, elephant tugs-of-war, elephant football games and elephant races. According to my brother it is a big event and many tourists will be in the city. So no one should pay any particular attention to us.”
Cussing Sarge said, “they are not going to pay any attention to us anyway because we won’t be there by next Wednesday – what is the day today anyway, does anyone know. “
Spook spoke up, “Yeah, my watch has date, day and time – it’s Sunday.”
Sarge cutting loose with a string of expletives, “that gives us two and a half days to get there. And we will have to walk through those Dangrek Mountains - no way!”

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge was up pacing again – stopping occasionally to peer out the port window to see how the storm was developing. It was intensifying and looking more menacing. What to do...? What to do...? Suddenly he had an idea. He almost ran to the cockpit, “Tinker what heading are you on?”
“I’ve changed from a due north heading to north-northeast that we talked about earlier. Why?” she said.
“Change that heading from north-northeast and swing around and head us northwest!” Sarge demanded.
“Sarge, have you lost it? That will take us directly into the path of that on-coming thunderstorm. We’ve got to miss it!” Tinker said looking over her right shoulder at Sarge.
“No, that’s the point – we must run directly into that behemoth! We will use the updraft from that big hellacious thunderhead as lift! If our engine can't do it maybe that monstrosity of a storm will!” Sarge said excitedly.
“Okay, Sarge but I think its suicide!”
“Your probably right Tinker but this Dehavilland is a heck of a plane – I think it can take the beating that giant hellion is going to lay on us, what do you think?’
Tinker retorted, “Sarge I said I could fly this thing, but this is not going to be flying when we hit that devilish fiend – it’s going to be one of the biggest rollercoaster rides any of us have ever been on. I just hope we live long enough to tell someone about it.” With this harangue, she moaned with pain as she pushed the rudder control pedal with her snake bitten sore leg but she got its heading changed from north-northeast to northwest – aiming straight into the teeth of Mother Nature’s howling, noisome, lightning enveloped prodigious dragon.
 
CHAPTER ELEVEN

THE ‘KNIGHT’ JOUSTS WITH THE MONSTER
Once Tinker had made the course corrections the big Dehavilland U-6A Beaver’s fate was sealed, one way or another. The north-northeast route had no sooner been changed to northwest than the air in the cabin took on that fresh spring rain’s delicious smell. ‘Nothing like it smells as good’, thought Sarge. ‘Oh yes’, he almost forgot. ‘Fresh coffee and fresh baked bread are right up there too’.
The monster storm was approaching swiftly.
The storm itself was moving at a speed of 40 to 50 miles per hour toward the north-northeast and the Dehavilland was clipping along at 120 mph moving toward the northwest so the two entities, one man-made the other a work of the Creator, were quickly about to get snuggled up close and personal.
In a matter of minutes the roar of the mighty radial engine changed pitch and sound. They were beginning to run into the outflow boundaries of the storm. The rain was increasing in volume and the lightning was becoming more intense. Tinker had the windshield wipers going full force but it was no use, they might as well not be working. The rain was so hard nothing was visible outside except the constant lightning flashes.
The plane was beginning to pitch and yawl; updrafts were beginning to affect its flight path. Tinker was still at the controls but the storm had taken on a personality all its own. IT was controlling the flight of the Dehavilland. Tinker was doing her best just to hold on to the yoke but she wasn’t being too successful.
The Dehavilland was flying itself – the pilot was God’s own hand in the form of that predacious beast lurking, breathing rain, wind and lightning right outside their windows.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge returned to the cockpit and wrestled himself into the co-pilots seat. He turned to talk to Tinker who, with this storm, had about all she could handle and, right now, a conversation wasn’t part of it!
He returned instead and spoke with Little ‘S’ and Spook. “Guys, these monsoon thunderstorms don’t produce tornados but I believe all thunderstorms must have similar characteristics. At home in Alabama when a huge storm develops in Mississippi and moves eastward a wall cloud forms and a tornado, if one develops, is at the extreme lower right end of the storm. That’s where the storm creates the most tremendous updraft of air. Let’s assume this one, that we are about to fly directly into, performs exactly the same. We don’t need to fly into its center we need to aim toward its southern edge, the edge that is closest to us right now. There is where we will get the lift we need! What do ya’ll think?”
“Pop, I don’t know, I missed tornado day at school, but we’ve got to try something – this is better than I’ve got! Go for it.”
“I’ll agree Big ‘S’. I've never seen a tornado but if it doesn’t work we’re toast anyway, I’m with you too.” 
Back he went to the cockpit – he understood Tinker's predicament but he had to speak to her out of necessity. Yelling loudly and leaning over close to her ear he said, “Tinker set your course directly toward that monster’s southern edge, not the center. I believe we’ll get the lift we need there.”
“Tinker started to respond but hesitated she had to push, pull, jerk or whatever else she could do to keep the plane in an upright position, “Sarge, you’ve come up with some hair-brained ideas before – but you have never been wrong – I trust what you think is right. Anyhow, the altimeter shows we are below 6000 feet and I only have a little over 20 inches manifold pressure left so it doesn’t really matter. If your wrong we’re going down anyway. At least with your idea we’ve got a chance.”
Sarge told Tinker to look out her port window and aim the Dehavilland toward the area of the thunderstorm where it appeared the lightning began. The more intense the lightning the closer it is to the center, we need to be at the edge.
Sarge got up and returned to Little ‘S’ and Spook. Water was seeping into the cabin like a sieve from all the bullet holes. It was dripping from the ceiling and was swishing back and forth an inch deep on the floor.
“What about all this water?’ Little ‘S’ yelled as loud as he could at Sarge.
“I would think there are things, important things, on an airplane that shouldn’t get wet! Why don’t we just parachute out now?”
“Hell, Son if my plan doesn’t work, a little water is going to be the least of your worries.
We’re at 6000 feet right now and going down. The wind outside is hurricane force. The rain is being driven sideways. Lightning looks like a Fourth of July picnic celebration and you think we could parachute into this?
Special Forces troopers may be good Son but damn we’re not THAT good! But without realizing it, you have brought up one problem - the water on the floor… it’s making us too heavy!
Give me one of the M16s… I wonder if something important is under this floor?” Without waiting for an answer Sarge switched the M-16 to full-automatic and shot the hell out of the ‘Knight’s’ deck… dozens of bullet holes began appearing everywhere in the floor, but it solved Sarge’s problem… the water started draining out. “Now you don’t have to worry about gettin’ your feet wet, Son!”
“Damn…Little ‘S’ is he crazy...? Damn…!!! Sorry for the language Little ‘S’ I was so scared I lost control of my mouth.”
“Yeah, I think he is crazy too. I just hope I still have all my toes!! Said Little ‘S’ resisting the temptation to look down at his feet.

*  *  *  *  *

Tinker yelled and yelled at the top of her lungs. The wind blowing through all those bullets holes, the crashes of thunder and the constant roar of that radial engine caused conversation of any kind to be almost impossible.
“Sarge! Get back up here!” she waved with her right arm trying to get his attention. Sarge saw her signal and returned to the cockpit.
Bending over near her right ear he yelled, “WHAT DO YOU NEED?”
Tinker yelled, “Sarge, we’ve got to get out of this turbulence, it’s going to rip the wings off! We can’t keep flying into this hellish thing!”
Sarge yelled back, “Hang in there Tinker... hang in there for just a little while longer!” He turned and was about to make his way back to the guys when Tinker yelled at him again. He turned and saw Tinker pointing to the instrument panel. He walked closer and bent over to see what she was so excited about – it was the altimeter – it was…. it was…. going…. UP!
The reading was already over 6000 feet. He stood mesmerized by the changing numbers, 6500…. 6600…. they were ascending at a rapid pace! ‘Could this diabolical horrendous updraft actually get us enough altitude to clear those mountains?’ thought Sarge. He looked again… 7000…. 7100…. ‘If we could just get to 8000 I believe we can make it, higher would be better, but 8000 will be okay.’
The storm outside raged on – inside the cabin nothing but the sound of the crashing of thunder, the roar of the wind the engine noise and the mumblings of prayers could be heard. The plane would be flying level one moment the next it would be on its side almost vertical, then flip to the other side. This continued for, what the passengers thought, hours. In fact, they were not to far from the truth – it was a long time.
Sarge had long since moved back to the co-pilot’s seat and kept his eye glued to the altimeter. The storm had performed its part marvelously in spite of all the derogatory names Sarge had called it over the past few hours.
The altimeter indicated they were at 8600 feet, well above the mountain range, and the storm was abating. In fact, they had ridden the storm's updraft over the mountains and its remnants of smaller and less frequent lightning flashes could be seen toward the north-northeast. The storm had moved on and had left them in its wake. The sky above was beginning to clear and blue could be seen between the breaks in the clouds.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge looked out his starboard window and tried to see if he could visually see any kind of topographical feature that he could identify on his map.
He had to determine their exact position!
Based on his dead reckoning of the storms path and its speed he guessed they were somewhere east of Turin, how far was anyone’s guess!
Wait! Wait! There below that’s a lake and a small river flowing out of it toward the southeast, and over there north of this one is another similar lake with a smaller river that intersects with the first one. ‘Where’s my map?’ he said to himself. Finding it folded in one of his pant pockets he unfolded it quickly and started surveying the area east of Turin, looking for the two matching lakes. Within seconds he had the features identified on his map – he knew exactly where they were!
They were approximately 60 miles due east of Turin!  
Motioning Little ‘S’ and Spook to the cockpit he explained, over the noise, to the three of them what he knew. He told them if they jumped now they could spend the night where they landed and get a fresh start at first light tomorrow – Monday morning. Sarge further said, “If we can average four miles per hour walking we can leave Monday morning and get in around 40 miles – make camp, begin early Tuesday and in about 5 hours we should be close to Turin. That will give us all afternoon Tuesday and Wednesday morning to find the bus station. What do y’all think?”
Little ‘S’ spoke up, “Pop, I don’t believe Tinker can make four miles per hour on her sore leg for an entire day. I know you think you are indestructible but with your shoulder, you can’t either. We will need to let both of you rest along the way and we will have to assist Tinker as she walks. I believe the timetable is too close!”
“You’re right, Son”, responded Sarge. “Sorry Tinker forgot about your leg. All right, what about this – Tinker that storms got us flying north-northeast right now, what if you got us back around to a northwest heading, that would let us close the distance to Turin and then just before we jump change the flight direction back in the opposite direction. We want the crash site to be heading away from our line of travel.”
“Sure Sarge but whatever we do we need to be doing it now! I can’t keep this broken bird flapping its wings for more than another hour or so. Remember we don't have that updraft to help us anymore.” Tinker responded.

*  *  *  *  *

“Okay – now that’s the plan. Tinker turn her northwest and let’s get them ‘chutes on and get ready. Little ‘S’ while we are still flying north-northwest take one of the ‘chutes and toss it overboard, but make sure its not the one with the APR (Automatic Parachute Release), it has the name Sentinel-Sentry nametag on it. That ones mine, instructed Sarge."
“What, are you nuts, Pop? What do you mean ‘throw one out’?”
“Son, look, count – you can count can’t you? There are only four of us and we have five parachutes. The ‘Captain’, sorry to say, won’t be using his, but when the wreckage is found we do not want them to find any ‘chutes.
If they find one they will probably figure there could have been more ‘chutes on board and someone, us, used them. This way, they will find, what’s left, if anything, of the ‘Captain’ and no more ‘chutes and figure no one got out.
Right now (Sarge reaching inside his shirt) take off your dog tags and throw them on the floor.” As he spoke to Little ‘S’ he tossed his down. Little ‘S’ followed suit. “With the ‘Captain’s’ body blown to ‘hell in a hand basket’ they will just assume all the little scraps of blood, meat and bone belong to me and you, Son.
Me and you will have died in the crash and were blown to bits.
Tinker you and Spook are home free, they don’t even know about you guys, thank goodness!”
“We need to get the ‘Captain’s’ body from the back and buckle him into the pilots seat. Son will you and Spook go bring ‘Captain’ Knight back up front.”
Little ‘S’ and Spook made their way to the rear of the aircraft and excitedly yelled, “Sarge...! Sarge…! Come back here NOW!”
Sarge arriving at the ‘body’ quickly noticed something strange… the Captain’s’ arm was moving - he was alive - and he was trying to say something. Sarge knelt down and put his ear close to the ‘Captain’s’ mouth and listened intently to his words. “Sarge…”. He said gasping for air. “You’re a good friend….”. Panting hard, “do me two favors?”
“Anything that’s within my power, my friend, what do you want me to do?”
“Take my wedding ring off my finger put it to my lips for a kiss and return it to my wife – tell her I love her. Have her say to little Hugh Junior, when he’s older - we call him John after his middle name Jonathan, ‘Daddy loves you’. To my oldest son Trey, “Be brave. You’re the men of the house now. Daddy has always been proud of you. Grow up big and strong,” struggling to talk, “carry me back to the cock pit… I will ride ‘Knight’ my Silver Charger as far as I can in a direction away from you all.”
“Hugo, no, you don’t have the strength.”
“Just get me up there, I’ll give you some time, please!”
Tinker getting up from the pilot’s seat let Spook and Little ‘S’ put the ‘Captain’ in his rightful place behind his controls. They picked his arms up and let him grasp the yoke. “One more favor – can you get the picture of my family from my shirt pocket and place it on the windshield overhead?” They quickly obliged. Barely audible he said, “Good luck and goodbye my friends, Godspeed!”
Tinker meeting with the rest in the back strapped on her parachute and they showed her where the ripcord handle was located. “Son,” said Sarge, “get that ‘chute with the Automatic Parachute Release (APR) it should be marked F-1A and have the Sentinel-Sentry name on it somewhere. It’s set with a barometrically operated mechanically fired automatic release. With my bad shoulder I won’t be able to pull the ripcord. Son, set the automatic release to open at 1500 feet AGL (above ground level). I can’t stay in the air too long because I won’t be able to pull on the risers to guide where I land. I’m just going to trust in the good Lord that he’ll plop me down somewhere soft!” 
Sarge further stated, “Right now we’re flying north-northwest at 120 mph. That means every minute we get 2 miles closer to Turin. I say fly north-northwest about 15 more minutes – then Tinker help the ‘Captain’ turn her back to north-northeast but do not engage the autopilot – let him fly wherever he wants. At least we should be about 30 miles closer to Turin – we can’t take a chance on getting much closer.
Fifteen minutes slowly passed – Tinker moved back into the co-pilots seat and pulled the Dehavilland’s nose around to the north-northeast and made sure the autopilot was disengaged.
She got up leaned over and gave the ‘Captain’ a gentle kiss on his right cheek. Standing back upright a gentle tear could be seen slipping out the corner of her beautiful almond shaped eyes. Tearfully she said good-bye and returned to join the others at the exit door Little ‘S’ had already opened. 
Sarge took one last look around the inside of the cabin and hollered, “So long Hugo!” Patting Tinker on the shoulder he yelled, “remember count to four and pull - ‘GO”. She hesitated for a second - Spook right behind her gave her a big push, out the door they went. Little ‘S’ was behind Spook. Stepping to the door he turned and yelled to his Dad, “What was the name of that damn Indian?” Sarge grinning was last to exit. 
Stepping out into the 120 mph slipstream all he could hear, even over the engine noise, was Tinkers blood curdling scream as she plunged down toward the ground far below.
Tinker never counted. Count hell, when that blast of wind hit her as Spook shoved her out the door, she couldn’t ever remember her name - she had barely cleared the aircraft door when she reached for her ripcord handle and pulled it.
The drag chute deployed immediately pulling out her main ‘chute – she felt the opening shock and suddenly she was hanging underneath the big canopy floating on the cool breeze. She looked up and saw this beautiful silk (actually nylon) parachute blossomed out above her head. Over her left shoulder she could count two more. Counting herself that’s three. No! No! There has to be four! Where is Spook! It can’t be, no, not now, not after all we have been through. We’ve come too far! 
Fortunately and unknown to Tinker Spook was floating directly above her. So close in fact his feet were actually brushing the top of her canopy. He followed her so closely out the door that their ‘chutes opened almost simultaneously. He was safe, she just wasn’t aware of it yet – but soon her gloom would turn to joy again, once they safely landed on the ground. 

CHAPTER TWELVE

SURIN REACHED, FINALLY!
They landed safely in a large grassy meadow – rolled up their parachutes and hurried to the cover of some trees that bordered their landing zone. Scanning 360 degrees around the horizon Sarge could see no signs of any inhabitants in the area.  
It was late Sunday and the day’s sun was beginning to set behind the Dangrek Mountains that were now to their west. He suggested, since he saw no visible signs of habitation, that they make their evening camp right there under the huge outspread limbs of the Indian Rose Chestnut tree under which they were currently standing.
The soil was soft after the recent rainfall. Digging holes would be no problem. In short order they had their parachutes buried and Spook dug a hole to build a fire. Down in a hole the firelight could not be seen from a distance and they could heat up a few of the rations that they brought and make a hot cup of coffee.
They had been sitting quietly sipping on their canteen cups of coffee when off to the northeast was heard a faint ‘boom’ and a flash of light – Sarge, patting the ring in his shirt pocket, said without looking up from his metal canteen cup... 
“Rest in peace ‘Captain’ Hugo Knight.”

*  *  *  *  *

Tuesday morning arrived bright and sunny – monsoon season was about over and the bright blue sky could actually been seen on some days – this was one of those beautiful days. Birds sitting in the trees singing, a slight refreshing 'after the rain' breeze blowing from the southwest, Sarge though, ‘what a glorious morning to still be alive!’ He then wistifully remembered Bertrand Russell’s thought, ‘War does not determine who is right - only who is left.’
Breaking camp early they began their journey, on foot, northwest toward the town of Surin. Tuesday was spent walking and plodding along but otherwise uneventful except for the one poor peasant farmhouse they encountered. On a rustic weathered grey fence surrounding a small vegetable garden was, what appeared to be, a weeks washing of clothes. Hanging out additional garments was an elderly Thai woman, possibly the grandmother of the family that meeked out their meager existence in this remote locality. The group caught a glimpse of the farmhouse and the woman before she spotted them.
Spook came up with a idea:  stripping off his military shirt and wearing just his undershirt Tinker and he, posing as man and wife, approached the old lady and offered to buy some of her husbands old shirts and pants. Spook told her as they had been crossing the last river and lost his bag with all his clothing. This ruse worked without a hitch – the old Thai woman grinned a wide toothless grin - she was overjoyed by the money Spook gave her. The average yearly salary for a Thai famer was 2500 Baht per year. This amounts to $82.00 American dollars per year or roughly 23 cents PER DAY. The $20.00 Spook gave her for the clothes was nearly three month’s wages. No wonder the wide grin.  

*  *  *  *  *

After a good rest Tuesday night and the exchanging of their military clothes into the ones obtained from the old Thai woman Wednesday found them on the outskirts of Turin. ‘Spooks’ brother was right – festive people were everywhere – laughing, drinking and frolicking about – all having a wonderful time enjoying the Day of the Elephant.
Now to find the Northern Bus Station – Spook, speaking fluent Thai found out in just a few minutes where it was located. He also bought a red bandana. Returning to the others he relayed, “The bus station is on the other side of town, walking we can be there in about an hour or so say the locals.”
“Good work,” said Sarge. “See you got the red bandana too. Let’s get moving toward the bus station.”

*  *  *  *  *

After their brief respite they trudged off on their tired feet once again. They pushed, shoved and eventually moved into the sea of frolicking holiday humanity.
Taking the cue from the festive crown they joined into the merrymaking by yelling, dancing and making complete fools of themselves as they pushed toward their destination by moving along in the sea of partygoers and elephant lovers. 
It took a little over an hour to negotiate their way through the crowded streets to the appointed rendezvous point - the Northern Bus Station.
They arrived early.
Sarge thinking, ‘early is always better than late’ and he asked Tinker if she would wear the bandana since it seemed more appropriate for her than for one of the men. She happily obliged, just as long as she could find a place to sit down and rest her leg, second the large bandana covered her hair that she believed was a mess.
The snakebite was healing, slowly, and fortunately no infection had occurred. Sarge had examined the wound at every rest stop during the past two days. He wanted to ensure it was healing properly and that no signs of infection were setting in. Tinker performed the same routine on Sarge’s shoulder – his wound was also doing well. Tinker thought he was a good doctor, ‘she wasn’t bad either’, thought Sarge.
Little ‘S’ and Sarge split up and mingled with the crowd trying to appear as tourist enjoying the Elephant Festival. Spook and Tinker found a wooden bench where they sat and quietly talked.
Little 'S' knew he shouldn’t, but he could not help himself, every few minutes he glanced at his watch. Anyone watching would have thought this strange – but maybe thought Junior, ‘they would think he was merely checking on the buses arrival time.’

*  *  *  *  *

At exactly 12 noon two men appeared at the edge of the bus pavilion. They seemed out of place dressed in their black business suits. Peering over their wire rimmed sunglasses they glanced first right then left. With a walk resembling two soldiers marching in step, they, and the sound of their hard leather shoe soles beating rhythmically on the concrete, quickly approached Spook and Tinker.
Sarge and Little ‘S’ watched intently from a distant advantage point.
Had they been discovered or was these guys our contact? Spook stood and bowed to each and then it appeared he was introducing Tinker to the two strangers.
Spook looked in Sarge’s direction and gave him a head nod to come forward. Sarge walked across the bus pavilion to the gathering of Spook, Tinker and the two men not knowing what to expect.
Was this a trap? He was glad he had left the entire ruck’ full of microfilm and documentation with Little ‘S’.
‘Thank goodness! I left the ruck’ with Little ‘S’? Come this far and now screw up! Can’t afford too!’ Sarge thought.  
Little ‘S’ did not move. He watched acutely the two stranger’s every move. What was he to do if it were a trap? He could casually walk by and jump the two if need be, he guessed, but what if they were not alone? Weapons? He had no weapons. They were hidden at the location where they changed clothes.
‘Damn Pop why didn’t you let me be the one to walk out there?’ he thought.
Sarge stepped briskly across the concrete bus terminal, glancing cautiously at Spook for a sign. Spook gave him no clue as to what was happening or who the two strangers were.
Sarge was about to abandon the ‘meet’ and attempt to flee on foot into the crowd when Spook spoke, “Master Sergeant Robert Edward Scarburg, SENIOR (he emphasized the Senior) come closer. I take great pleasure in introducing my two brothers.”
“Two! I thought you said one?” Sarge asked kind of bewildered.
“Well after I talked with Sam he called Su and they both decided to come meet us. Anyway, this ugly tall one is my oldest brother Sam Lin Kim and the other ugly one is my youngest brother Si (pronounced as 'see') Lei (pronounced as Lie') Kim.”
Sarge reached out and shook hands with both, “The pleasure is all mine. You guys can be proud, you have a fine younger, or older as the case may be, brother!” he said laughing.
At this he turned and gave the thumbs up sign for Little ‘S’ to make his appearance. When he joined the group he was introduced all around and the whole group stood and talked. All seemed to be getting along fine.
Sarge was the first to remind the group that they had a mission to complete; he asked, “When will the bus arrive, so we can get out of here?”
“Funny you should ask Sarge, no bus! Sam and Si have brought a car. We are going to Bangkok is style” said Spook. “They say it’s about a six hour haul.”

*  *  *  *  *

Little ‘S’ spoke as they were getting into the glistening black, Mercedes-Benz 190D, 4 door sedan. “Damn ‘the company’ provides you guys with some nice rides.” Everyone got settled - Sam, Si Lei and Sarge in front and Little ‘S’, Tinker and Spook squeezed tightly in the back. The ruck’ safely locked away in the trunk. The riding conditions were cramped but anything would be better that that Surin to Bangkok bus trip. There they would not only have been cramped, hot and sweaty but they would have had to enjoy the company of not only the local un-washed but also their assortments of barn animals they were taking to markets, for example, goats, chickens and possibly a small pig or two. Oh yes, cramped in an air-conditioned Mercedes was much more preferable.
Sam and Si Lei were both CIA operatives posted to Bangkok; however, Su Lei had just recently been transferred. Both worked out of the CIA's Special Operations Group and were assigned to the Special Activities Division. This bunch handled: sabotage, personnel and material recovery, kidnapping, bomb damage assessment, hostage rescue and counter terrorism.  In effect, whatever clandestine activities CIA needed these guys were the ones who did it.
During the long six hour ride from Surin to Bangkok the entire The P.H.O.T.O. story was unveiled to the two Kim brothers, including the part where the ‘Captain’ told them how the information in Sarge’s rucksack was going to get them killed if revealed; and how he told them to ‘run’ with the information.
The ‘Captain’ or Captain Hugo Knight was no stranger to the Kim brothers they worked for him. They knew how experienced he was, ex-Special Forces and a used-to-be mercenary and now, well, a full time CIA agent- the brothers were amazed; if the ‘Captain’ was giving them advice to flee and not disclose their discovery to anyone, it must be huge – and they believed the story was just as everyone described – unbelievable yet real.

*  *  *  *  *

A couple of miles before reaching Bangkok the brothers pulled their big black shiny Mercedes over to the side of the road and stopped. Both front doors opened - one brother stepped out the driver’s side, the other exited on the passenger side. Sarge was left sitting in the middle.
The two met in front of the 190D. One pulled out a pack of Camels and both lit up. As they smoked they talked - one would talk the other would shake his head, then they would reverse roles.
Little ‘S’ sat watching the two Kim brothers go through their antics and he made the off hand statement, “You know, those two remind me of Bud Abbott and Lou Costello! Bingo – from now on their names will be Bud (Sam) and Lou (Si Lei).”
In a couple of minutes they extinguished their smokes and returned to the car. Once they were seated Sam, the driver, turned and addressed the group, “Spur (Spurgeon) and Miss Lu are committed to the decision not to turn this P.H.O.T.O. data over to the authorities, along with you two guys, Sergeant Scarburg and Captain Scarburg. Si Lei and I talked it over outside – we have come to a decision too – we want to help you guys protect that ruck’ of data.”
For a moment no one spoke then Sarge said, “I’m not sure I understand – you are helping us now. Do you mean something else?”
“Yes,” said Sam. He continued, “Si Lei and I want to throw in with you guys. We mean all the way. We realize the importance of this information to the United States and we want to be part of the plan to protect it. We feel it is our patriotic duty.”
“Sam and Si Lei would you excuse us and step back outside for a moment” Sarge asked of the two Kim brothers.
As the doors on the Mercedes slammed shut, Sarge said “I don’t think we should let them throw away their careers with the ‘Company’ to join up with us. We don’t even know what WE are going to do with this damn stuff!”
“I don’t know Pop, Spook's brothers have a lot of experience in the clandestine and covert operations field. Looks to me like they would fit right in and be a huge asset. I believe they could be a big help.”
“Help...! Help...! Doing what? All we’re doing now is becoming fugitives. On the run trying to keep it from others that would miss use it,” said Sarge.
“Hold on a second fellows! I think you both are right!” Spook said jumping into the fray.
“Huh?” Returned Sarge, “we both can’t be right!”
“Yes you both can... listen – Little ‘S’ is right – Sam and Si do have tremendous amounts of experience in the field of covert operations. I have never seen anything that is more covert than this. You know covert means: concealed, secret or disguised.
Since they want to help – then I agree with Little ‘S’ we need them – but not with US but on the inside helping US!
One is a Division Chief, and the other is in charge of the Branch that funds the ‘black operations’ of the CIA. They are the ones who fund the CIA without Congress knowing what the dollars are actually spent on.”
You are right Big ‘S’ they would not be throwing away their careers, if fact, the rest of their careers, hell, the rest of their lives their careers would really mean something, be something, be important!
All members of the Federal Government, whether civilian or military, take an oath to protect and defend the Constitution – how best could they do that than by helping us?”
“Damn Spook you should have been a lawyer! You make good sense. Hummm, work with us from the inside – maybe funnel a little R&D money our way… rebuild this equipment per the instruction in the ruck’ even include that big round white ‘‘dish’’ thing-a-bob but this time the talking photographs will be sent to Sam and Su Lei not to that star, what was it called Spook?” Sarge asked.
“Betelgeuse,” answered Spook.
“How far is that?” Sarge asked.
“Just 427.27 light years from Earth that’s all.” ‘Spook” replied.
“No in real miles.” Sarge asked again.
“Well light travels at 186,272 miles per second x 60 seconds x 60 minutes x…. Heck Sarge, I don’t know but it’s a darn long way! Why?”
 “Well, when we get this thing up and running I want you to send them almond eyed, grey skinned foreigners the first message and tell them they have been disconnected ‘Due to failure to pay their long distance charges’!
“Let’s get the guys back inside.” Sarge said as he gave a wave to Spook's brothers. Back inside and seated he spoke to the two brothers, “Guys we have talked it over – you want in, your in – but not WITH us!!
"What?" said Sam Kim, "you don't want us?"
"No... no, that's not it – we need and want you to help but from the inside of the CIA machine.
If you go back to work and provide us money through the ‘black ops’ program, we believe we can rebuild these machines. When they are complete and functional, information you all have never dreamed of will be available to you.
You use the information as you see fit, but above all else this must, and I repeat MUST remain secret.
Right now go back to work and do a few things for us: first – send a rescue team out to the plane crash and confirm our deaths and continue on and recover the remains of 'Captain' Hugo Knight and second - set us up as a dummy company and provide sufficient assets for us to build these babies again. Can this be accomplished? And third - find us a way back to the good ol’ U.S.A. Oh yeah, one last requirement to join our team – nicknames – Sam yours is ‘Bud’ and Si Lei you will be ‘Lou’, don’t ask us why, that’s just what we came up with,” Sarge said laughing. 
“That’s not exactly what we wanted to hear, no, no, not the nicknames they are fine, but the other thing your talking about does sound like a very good idea – we’ll do it! Si Lei, I’m sorry... Lou and I really can provide you with a tremendous amount of help from the inside," sadly answered ‘Bud’.
"Right now drop us a couple blocks from our Headquarters building – you four take the car down to the Bangkok International Hilton Hotel. It is on the east bank of the Chao Phraya River. Do the same there – park a couple of blocks away, one of our guys will pick the car up later. I’ll have all the arrangements made by the time you arrive.  
The Bangkok International is one of ours – we have suites of rooms reserved for ‘special occasions’ such as this one. I’ll get you two adjoining suites with double beds in each. At least for one or two nights you can say you slept comfortable. Oh yes, there’s a men’s and ladies clothing shop just inside the hotel’s exit to the shopping mall’s pavilion.  
Get yourselves some decent clothes, ones that don’t smell so badly (they all laughed) and just charge them to your rooms. ‘Eat drink and be merry’ as the old saying goes, the ‘Company’ will pick up the tab, no questions asked,” said Sam
When ‘Lou’ and I get back to our offices I’ll make some arrangements to get you guys out of the country. Quick as I find out something I will give you a jingle – Spur still got your codebook? Spook nodded he did. Good you’ll be hearing from me soon.
Guys, we are all Americans, sorry Tinker, well mostly all Americans and when we get you all back up and running you need to make the Kennedy assassination your number one priority. Since the ‘Company’ will be financing your little project, I’m sure from time to time we will have need of your expertise in other matters.”
Sam pulled the big black Mercedes back out onto the open highway heading to their drop-off point near the CIA headquarters building.
As they were driving, Sarge was thinking to himself, ‘This is going to work out just fine.  Luck has finally been with us… And…
Sarge thought, ‘Now we are back up to Six!”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

CHECK-IN BANGKOK INTERNATIONAL
Finding the Bangkok International was no problem.
Leaving the Mercedes a block or two away as instructed they were once again on their feet walking. Tinkers leg was much better. The snakebite wound was healing up fine the soreness was almost gone. Sarge’s shoulder was doing okay, but was a bit tinder to the touch.
They came around the street corner and there spread out before them in all its 48 floors of magnificent splendor was the majestic circular structure they were seeking – gleaming in the sun from all the glass and steel. It appeared to reach into the clouds it was so tall.
They quickly surveyed each other to ascertain who was the most presentable to go inside to register.
It was decided that Tinker, not only was the best dressed, she was the best looking. The guy’s hair was dirty. A stubble of beard on their faces and standing upwind from them – please.
In a few minutes Tinker returned with two sets of keys. They had been assigned room number 4113 and 4114. They laughed, Bud and Lou were trying to be cute: four of us, OPS 113!
They did not spend long dwelling on the keys they headed out looking for the mall entrance and the clothing store.

*  *  *  *  *

Their rooms on the fourth floor were found easily in spite of the stares and guests walking around them to avoid the smell. They immediately ordered room service and took turns in the showers.
Tinker, with a room to herself drew a huge tub of the most luxurious hot water filled with a complete bottle of the sweetest smelling bubble bath. She separated the enormous pile of bubbles and emerged herself into the most pleasant bless she had enjoyed since she had been kidnapped from her work at the University.
The rooms were fully equipped with razors, cologne, perfume, toothbrushes, toothpaste and any and all items that they might need. After showering, bathing and enjoying the food from room service they hit the hay. Tinker in her room and the guys sharing the other.
The next morning, room service breakfast was ordered and delivered and they were again sipping coffee – this time not out of an Army metal canteen cup but from a beautiful gold-rimmed china cup – the phone rang.
“Hello,” answered Sarge.
The voice on the other end asked, “Put Spur on, please.”
Sarge handed the phone to Spook – “Yes,” he said.
Sarge turned to the others and barely audible said, “It must be Bud or Lou, they wanted to speak to “Spur”.
Spook speaking said, “Wait let me get a piece of paper and pen so I do not forget anything.” Everyone in the room jumped up looking for the two aforementioned items.  
No need, Spook found them in the drawer where he was standing. He was carefully listening, writing and every now and then he would answer, “Right,” “Understand,” “Okay, thanks you two,” and he hung up.
As Spook turned to face the others they were all leaning forward toward him appearing as if a wind was about to blow them off their feet. “It was in code, I will first have to decipher. It won’t take but a couple of moments.” 
In a minute or two he stood up from the table where he was decoding the message and spoke again, “1600 hours today we are to go down to the Chao Phraya River and find a water-taxi. But it must be a particular one. We find the right one by asking the pre-arranged question:  “Do you think it will rain today?” The correct driver will answer:  “No, I do not believe it will.” Spook, continued, “The water taxi is to take us down the river to the harbor. Anchored somewhere in the Gulf of Siam will be a steamer with the name “Orion II” painted on its bow.” 
Serge interrupted, Spook do you people that work for the CIA make this stuff up as you go along? Spook shook his head no. This is unreal – first the four of us on the fourth floor, then our OPS 113 is the room number and now our escape boat is named “Orion “– give me a break – you guys are good!”
Spook laughed and continued to explain his notes, “Once we board the steamer it will take us down the coast out into the South China Sea to Indonesia.  At Indonesia we will transfer to another larger vessel named the “Ocean Pearl”
“Now," said Sarge, “that’s a ship’s name. 
“Ocean Pearl” will carry us to the Port of New Orleans. The captain has been informed of our circumstances, and I might add handsomely paid, so he will provide a small launch in New Orleans for us to go ashore without going through Customs. Once on board the captain will provide further guidance to us.”
“Damn Spook you wrote all that on just that tiny scrap of paper?” said Sarge. “You can probably write the whole bible on the head of pin, huh?” Everyone, including Spook laughed as he explained that he just jotted down notes and filled the rest in from memory.

*  *  *  *  *

It was now mid-morning with the rest of day to kill – what to do? They weren’t tourist so that was out – they could not just go out and aimlessly wander around the city – what to do to wile away the hours ‘til 4 pm. Spook said, “Sarge open up our rucksack and let’s take a look at some of that alien stuff you've been carrying”
They all moved over to the corner of the room where a large circular table was positioned and Sarge removed the precious contents of the bag and unceremoniously dumped them upon the table.
Little ‘S’ and Spook began picking up document after document and shaking their heads – “What?” Asked Sarge.
“The diagrams are more or less blueprints – we can figure them out but the documents are written in… in... what are they Spook? (Spook handling page after page just shook his head) “It is a language that looks like a mixture between Egyptian Hieroglyphics, Chinese and early Samaritan Cuneiform,” explained Little ‘S’. “This is going to take some time to figure this out – if ever! We need an Alien ‘Rosetta Stone’ to decipher these hen-scratching I’m afraid.”
“Hey,” said Sarge. “What is this ‘Rosetta Stone’ thing? If we need one where the hell do I go to get it?”
“Hold on Pop!” said Junior. “It’s not that easy. You see the Rosetta Stone was a real stone found in Egypt by Napoleon’s men in 1799 at a place called Rosetta.  It had been carved with text made up of three different translations of the same passage. Two of the carved texts were ancient Egyptian Hieroglyphics and ancient Egyptian Demotic the third was Classical Greek. Using this stone as a means to translate the ancient writing modern scientist were, for the first time, able to read the Hieroglyphic inscription on the ancient Egyptian temples and tombs. Those guys knew Greek but not Egyptian Hieroglyphics so knowing one helped figure out the other. ”
“Now,” continued Little ‘S’. You see what we need is some way to match the alien words with English words hence a ‘Rosetta Stone’ for the Orion crowd.”

*  *  *  *  *

Tinker jumped up, yelled, “I’ve got it...! I’ve got it…! I’ve got our ‘Rosetta Stone!’ I’ve got it!” She screamed in delight. At the same time she began throwing things out of her bag – "Now where is it...? Where is it...? Here it is! My notebook!
When I first arrived at Pac Toul I, like you, could not read or understand anything those ‘people’ had written. So as I found out what a symbol or, I guess, their word was I jotted it down in my notebook. I had to do this for months until I had translated their symbols and 'manuals' into something that I could read. Here it is! It’s in Mandarin Chinese but both you guys can read Mandarin!”
“Eureka!” Said Spook imitating, supposedly, the words Archimedes yelled when he discovered the principles of buoyancy. “Now we can get started!”
The remainder of the day was spent at the table with one looking at a symbol on the document another looking up the Chinese equivalent in Tinker’s notebook and another translating that word and writing it down in English.
Sarge said, “This is going to take a long time, but you know guys, we’ve got a long time before we reach New Orleans!”

*  *  *  *  *

Around 1500 hours (3 pm) they left their hotel rooms and ventured outside – oh, no. No one had looked out the window from their hotel rooms – it was raining cats and dogs. The lightning was flashing and the thunder was rumbling – shut your eyes they thought and we are back in that Cambodian swamp. The rain was really coming down and the wind was driving it in sheets as they approached the line of river-taxis parked in a long row at the dock that led from a long ramp to the International Hotel.
Sarge went up to the first boat and asked the captain, “You think it will rain today?” The captain of the boat started screaming, what were probably obscenities at him, flailed his arms into the air and carried on like a mad man.
Sarge, rightly so, figured he was not their driver!
Sarge continued this questioning down the line of taxis; with the drivers getting more and more irate and vocal the farther he went.
Sarge thought to himself, ‘those idiot Kim brothers, did they not ever think that it might actually rain! And I’m out here in a monsoon asked stupid taxi drivers ‘You think it will rain today?’ no wonder they are cussing me like a red-headed stepchild.
Idiot Kim brothers!!!
Finally he approached, yet one more soon to be, another abusive taxi driver, “You think it will rain today? This time the driver grinned and replied, “No I do not believe it will.”
‘Idiot Kim brothers’ thought Sarge, still fuming.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

RIVER TAXI RIDE TO HELL
Loading themselves into the taxi during a raging monsoon thunderstorm did not seem the best of ideas. But the boat captain acted as though this was business as usual so they settled back and each grabbed something to hang on to for dear life.
As they pulled away from the dock and headed downriver they failed to notice another craft farther down the line of taxis slip out into the river behind them.
This second craft was larger and faster than their tiny taxi. It was trailing approximately 200 meters behind them. The river was treacherous with wind driven waves that threatened to swamp them at any time. The driver was doing all he could to maintain a course downstream with the howling wind and large waves; however, the waves and wind were about to become the least of their worries – a more fearsome and formidable force was approaching from their rear.

*  *  *  *  *

From off their stern could be heard the popping of firecrackers – firecrackers? Why Sarge wondered would anyone be shooting fireworks in this kind of weather?
He turned in his seat and looked back upriver – he could see flashes of light flickering on the forward deck of a following craft.
‘Flashes of light!’ He thought. ‘Hell that can’t be flashes of innocuous light – those are muzzle flashes! Someone is firing at us!’ He punched Little ‘S’ and Spook, as they turned to face Sarge he motioned with his hand toward the following boat and made the sign of a gun with his thumb and forefinger.
They immediately recognized his pantomime and just as quickly saw the gun flashes; however, they had no weapons to defend themselves. Their M-16s had been abandoned in Turin when they changed into civilian clothes to meet the idiot Kim brothers at the bus station.
Their situation was desperate. It was about to get worse!
The rear craft being bigger and faster than the little water taxi was beginning to narrow the distance to Sarge’s boat. As the distance closed the firing ceased, obviously whoever was in the rear boat intended to overtake the taxi and capture the occupants. Were they river bandits? Kidnappers? What were their plans?

*  *  *  *  *

The larger craft was about to pull along the right side of their little taxi – Sarge could now see into the wheelhouse - What...! No…! Sarge could plainly see that damn blue beret…. It was Colonel Nikita Ergorov, “Thumper," the son-of a bitch himself.
He was sparing them the privilege of being quickly machine-gunned to death for the privilege of Sarge turning over his rucksack full of P.H.O.T.O. documents. Then he would slowly machine gun them to death!
The Colonel, rightly so, had assumed that the Americans escaped Pac Toul with vital information and he intended to get his hands on it!
“Thumper” suspended the automatic weapon fire as he pulled alongside the taxi. The little watercraft was not built for this kind of endurance running; they were pushing its tiny engine to its maximum capacity and it was withstanding the test and doing a good job.
The taxi was dipping and bobbing and seemed to almost leap from one wave to another but the Colonel’s craft was effortlessly matching their speed.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge glanced downriver and saw they were approaching a river bridge he decided it was time to use his ‘ace-in-the-hole’.
He slowly unbuckled a side strap and reached into the ruck’ Little ‘S’ was now carrying. And as the Scout did when he killed the cobra in the cave, Sarge ‘with a singular motion so swift and silent’ pulled out the Tokarev pistol. The same gun he had taken from the Colonel at the cabin. It was returned to him when he left the 75th Evac Hospital. Big ‘S’ took careful aim with his good arm and fired.
Even with only one arm Sarge’s shooting prowess was still exceptional. The bullet left the muzzle of Sarge’s pistol traveled a straight and true course directly from the barrel, across the narrow channel of water separating the two boats, and directly into the bridge house of the Colonel’s boat, striking the pilot just above his left ear.
Instant death caused him to involuntarily jerk the boat’s wheel to his left and the Colonel’s boat bumped into Sarge’s water taxi.
For a moment both boats were running side by side – Sarge, without thinking and acting on instinct only, jumped from the water taxi onto the deck of the Russian’s boat. He landed hard and took quite a tumble inflecting considerable pain to his already injured shoulder. As he was regaining his footing he glanced downstream and shockingly saw they were only a mere second or two from crashing into the bridge’s concrete abutment.
The water taxi was quick to veer left to miss the solid concrete and steel mass but the Colonel’s boat was not to be so fortunate - no one was at the helm.
Sarge, seeing the inevitable impending disaster, leaped over the side just as the boat crashed headlong into the immovable concrete pier.  
As the instant Sarge was jumping he could see the water taxi descending into the darkness under the bridge. Emerging from the bridge’s darkness into the daylight on the far side of the bridge they heard and felt the reverberation of the crash, saw a tremendous flash of light that illuminated the twilight sky and watched as a plume of black sooty smoke rose gently above the steel river bridge.
“Damn Pop...! Damn! Why did you have to jump on that boat?” Yelling at the taxi driver, “turn this damn thing around we’re going back!”
Tinker reached up and grabbed Little ‘S’s’ arm, “I’m sorry Little ‘S’, but he saved us – he gave his life for all of us!”
“Damn it! Damn it! Hurry up,” he said to the driver who now had the little craft turned around and was again heading into the darkness underneath the bridge. Coming out on the upriver side, boat wreckage was strewn everywhere. Pieces on fire were floating down the river. The water was covered in oil and diesel fuel. The Russian boat was totally destroyed – no one could have survived that crash and explosion. Could they?
“Hey, ya’ll just goin’ to let me drown?  You know I only got one good arm to tread water with!” it was Sarge! Floating in the river but alive…!
The water taxi pulled up to him and Little ‘S’ and Spook pulled his wet, water logged body from the Chao Phraya River and flopped him on deck. “Damn you Pop, we ought to let you drown! You scared us to death!” 
“You reckon they dump their sewage in this river?” Sarge asked.
“Damn right, I hope to hell they do! We should have let you drown in their shit, you son-of-a-bitch," Little ‘S’ said trying to look and act mad.
“Damn Pop…,” he said grabbing and hugging Sarge. “ Damn… I’m glad to see you alive!”
“Hey…hey…watch the shoulder!!” Sarge said pulling himself away and sitting down on one of the seats. This brief respite gave him the opportunity to look back at the coal black smoke rising high above the bridge railings and he lamented, “I promised you one day it’s goin’ to be my turn and you won’t have the advantage you Russian bastard. TODAY IS THAT DAY!! CHECKMATE!! CHECKMATE!! So long you son-of-a-bitch...CHECKMATE!!”
Sarge whispered a soft faint prayer, “Thank you God for big favors, and… and… little Russian pistols!”

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

ORION II
Finally.... after battles in the swamp, on the river and in the air the little group could relax. Colonel Nikita Ergorov, 'Thumper', the Russian Special Forces Blue Beret, was dead... killed in the explosion at the bridge. Wasn't he?"
After another hour of enduring wave after wave of the raging angry ocean that nearly sank their small craft the appointed rendezvous ship was reached.
It was barely visible through the rain and white caps from the still tumultuous storm! It was also getting late in the afternoon and although unseen, the sun was beginning to set darkening still further their destination vessel. As they approached closer the name became visible - “Orion II” painted in large white letters on the black and red bow– a cargo ship that looked as if it had seen better days. But they thought ‘a ship in any storm’. They would be safe for the moment on this floating island but was the Colonel dead? They had no way of knowing, they wished they had enough time to carefully search the area around the river bridge but their escape was more important! Anyway, there was no way the Colonel could have survived the crash, explosion and fire.
The taxi pulled along side the ship and they were taken aboard. The captain met them cordially and had one of his seamen escort them to a cabin. The operative word was “A". There was only one cabin for them and a pretty small one at that. But after sleeping in caves, on wet ground and on the ‘Minnow’ this really wasn’t all that bad! They figured to make the best of it until they arrived in Indonesia to transfer to the “Ocean Pearl". The few days on the ‘Orion II’ were spent further familiarizing themselves with the alien documents otherwise things were uneventful and, thankfully, no more visits from the Colonel. Of course, he was dead, no need to keep worrying about him. Was there?
The “Ocean Pearl” was a much larger cargo ship – and in the parlance of the sailors – a ‘tramp steamer’. Sailing under the Italian flag she wasn’t the “Ocean Pearl” she was, as the name painted on her stern indicated, in Italian, the “Perla Oceana”.
Tinker threw out the question –“What is a ‘tramp steamer”? Sarge reluctantly obliged and explained they were cargo ships with no fixed schedule; they pick up a load on the spot market and ship it wherever or to whomever the load was destined.
Of all the freight to be hauling the “Perla Oceana” was carrying a load of frog legs for a New Orleans wholesaler. But who cared, the Captain asked no questions and arranged two rather comfortable cabins for them. One had two pair of bunk beds and the other a single. Tinker took the single and the guys got the bunk beds.
Once they were settled in they all met in Tinker’s cabin – it must have been an officer’s quarters – it had a table, a single bed and a lavatory. The guys had to make do with the ‘head’ (Navy lingo for bathroom) down the passageway.
They all huddled around the table and intently studied a map the captain had provided. Based upon where they started (Indonesia) and were they were destined (New Orleans) the sea passage was roughly 10,500 miles. At a speed of 24 knots (28 mph) the trip was going to take nearly two weeks! Now they could really begin deciphering the alien documents – Sarge had said earlier, “We’ve got a long time before we reach New Orleans.”

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

NEW ORLEANS, LA
The hours turned into days and the days into a week. Everyday was the same – sweltering hot and ungodly miserable; you see there was one slight shortcoming the Kim brothers forgot to mention - the “Perla Oceana” was not air-conditioned.
Ever sail the tropics in a tramp steamer with no air-conditioning? Right, the fun part stopped the first day they tried scampering across the scorching hot metal decking plates.
Remember, as a kid walking barefoot from your motel room across the blistering hot sand to the cool refreshing ocean water? That ocean side white sand was a few hundred degrees cooler that the grey metal of the "Perla Oceana's" promenade deck. The metal was so hot it burned right through to the soles of their feet when they ventured out onto it.
What about the nights when the outside temperature nearly equaled what it had been earlier in the day and the air inside those cabins must have been close to 110 degrees.
Remember the “Ocean Pearl” was carrying a shipload of frog legs. Did someone forget to tell them they stink? No - stink is not the right choice of word. It is being too kind. After the first 100-degree day their nostrils olfactory receptors almost stopped functioning, at least they wished they had. The stench was almost unbearable.
But as dedicated troopers they kept right on working. Everyday they labored over the documents, the manuscripts, the graphs and the blueprint type drawings. They converted symbols to words, symbols to letters and symbols to numbers. They were almost to the point where they could ‘read’ some of the datum that the aliens had produced.
Sarge had brought a number of the aliens ‘CDs’ with him in the ruck’ but they would have to wait until they could build another CD player to discover what they contained. For the present they could do nothing with them. But they sure were pretty! 
As they worked they would query each other on their theory as to why the ‘les hommes en argent’ had been processing the Earth’s photos through the ‘Edisons’ to create CDs. Then why transmit them to the star Betelgeuse in the Constellation of Orion. They each came up with different theories but in the end they really did not have a reasonable explanation. They questioned where ‘the silver men’ had gone after killing all their captives – excluding Tinker of course. Where are they now? Could the four of them still be in danger?
“Little ‘S’ was the next to speak – “Guys you know my field of study is not Astronomy. But this I know – Betelgeuse is a super red giant star that is roughly 430 light years from earth. I don’t know in miles but it is the distance that light can travel in a year x 430. Light moves at 186,272 miles every second. How many seconds in 430 years? It is as hot as heck and cannot support life. Why those grey morons would be sending data in its direction is as much a mystery to me as you. One possible explanation is Betelgeuse could possibly support a planetary system – this is pure conjecture ever scientists in the field would deny such as occurrence but those turkeys have not witnessed what we have seen. Right now I would believe our moon is made of green cheese. What we have on this table, if known to the scientific community, would rewrite the textbooks gentlemen! Countries would go to war for its knowledge.
The four of us must make, like we did as children, a blood pact (where each person pricks their finger and joins it to another’s finger – blood brothers for life) not literally but symbolically. This information we possess MUST remain only with us and Kim and Su Lei. Around the table each in order said, “So Be It”. The compact was established and sealed.
Sarge spoke up, “When we get established the first thing we will do is re-build Pac Toul’s laboratory. And once completed we will find out who murdered our President John F. Kennedy, after that who knows, the world is wide open to us.

*  *  *  *  *

Since leaving Indonesia, moving into the Indian Ocean, around the tip of Africa, into the South Atlantic and finally home to the United States through the Gulf of Mexico Big 'S', Little 'S', Tinker and Spook had gotten accustomed to sleeping in beds and not on the ground. They were not constantly looking over their shoulder for the blue beret either. In less than two weeks ‘Perla Oceana’ arrived at its destination - New Orleans. Prior to docking a small boat was provided and the captain supplied them with two M-16s, two .45 cal handguns and a sealed brown envelope. Wished them ‘velocita di dio’ (God Speed in Italian) the four bid the Ocean Pearl a fond adieu and shoved off to The Crescent City. 
Having disembarked from the ship and resting upon the solid ground of New Orleans, LA they opened the envelope. It was from the Kim brothers instructing them to find the motel ‘Boudreaux’. A small map was enclosed. Arrangements had already been made. All expenses were to be taken care of by the ‘Company’.
The ‘Boudreaux’ wasn’t the Marriott but it was only a couple blocks from the docks and easy for them to get to without attracting attention. The management was on the payroll of the ‘Agency’ no questions would be asked. They were once again provided with two adjoining rooms – except these two had an interior door connecting the two rooms that made for a more convenience traverse between rooms. Otherwise they would have to step outside and walk down the balcony in plain view of prying eyes. The brown envelope instructions contained cash, passports and information instructing them to stay at the ‘Boudreaux’ until contacted by Bud or Lou. 
The table in the guy’s room was used as the worktable at this location. They were staying on the second floor and thought the documents on the table would be safer being guarded by the three gents than by Tinker.
Sleep in this part of New Orleans was difficult owing to the fact the ‘Boudreaux’ was located in, what could be called, the seedy part of town. Their night’s sleep was constantly interrupted by screams, gunfire and the sound of police or ambulance sirens. The motel desk clerk provided their food so they never had to stick their heads outside their rooms.
Each day they followed the same routine as on the ‘tramp steamer’ – breakfast; work on the documents; lunch (or dinner as Little ‘S’ insisted it be called); more work on the alien material; dinner (again supper to Little ‘S’) a couple hours of relaxation watching the television or reading the newspapers. The motel management left a daily paper at their door each morning so they could keep up with current events. Most local news in New Orleans centered on someone who had been shot, someone getting shot, or the police chasing the person or persons that did the shooting. With this type of local news the four of them did not want to venture outside their rooms!
One night as they all sat around the table working on the alien documents Sarge got up and walked across the room to pour himself another cup of coffee - suddenly the glass in the front window shattered with a crashing noise, the curtain fell out as if blown by the wind and Sarge yelled, “Gunshot!” and fell prostrate on the floor.
The others following Sarge’s lead leaped from the table and joined him on the rug. “Someone just took a shot at me from the street below!”
Without hesitation Sarge grabbed one of the .45 caliber pistols and bolted out the front door. Little ‘S’ followed close behind with one of the M-16s. Sarge hollered as he left the room, “Stay here with the other M-16 Spook and guard Tinker and the documents!”
Running out onto the balcony they could faintly see in the distance three men dressed in black running down the deserted street, Sarge fired three quick shots in their direction. The three figures, giving no indication of being hit, turned and ran quickly into an alleyway.
Sarge and Little ‘S’, taking two and three steps at a time were down the stairs in a flash in hot pursuit. The sounds of their running feet striking the asphalt was all that could be heard except a crashing noise in the alley ahead as trash cans were being overturned. Sarge and Little ‘S’ approached the alley with caution not knowing who or what to expect. Slowly investigating around the corner they saw nothing out of the ordinary except the strewn trash all over the place. That was definitely ordinary. No one was visible and a 6’ chain-link fence blocked the rear of the alley. 
Sarge excitedly said, “Good, now we’ve got'em trapped.” They ventured further into the alley but still no one was present. Approached the fence they saw a hole had been cut and the shooters had used it to make their escape.  
Cussing Sarge said, “I thought we had them… wait what is that at the top of the cut hole?”
As he reached to retrieve the cloth item snared in a link of the fence a dark image suddenly appeared from behind the cover of a huge dumpster on the other side of the fence… Sarge jerked backwards fully knowing he had let his guard down. No sooner than Sarge recognized the darken form as a man Sarge raised his pistol to shoot… the hidden assailant was faster… he fired… almost simultaneously Little ‘S’ fired his M-16 from over Sarge’s shoulder. The explosion of the rifle erupted inches next to Sarge’s ear. The gunman’s shot went wide of his aim, Little ‘S’ was dead on. The assailant had been hit.
A blood-curdling scream alerted the two military men that speed was not as important as accuracy. Both men slipped through the hole and cautiously made their way to the dumpster… the corner of the rusty metal trash container and a large part of the ground in the immediate vicinity was blood spattered… but there was no body - the other two must have helped him escape… Little ‘S’ grinned, “I got him…damn right you s.o.b.… Teach you to mess with a Scarburg.”
“What...? What was that you said?” Sarge said slapping his head and ear with his hand trying to get his hearing to return. 
Little ‘S’ walked back to the fence leaned down and retrieved an object caught in the wire, turned and handed it to Sarge without speaking a word….
It... it... was a blue beret…

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

THE ‘MYSTERY’ SOLVED
The next morning Sarge was determined to find his nemesis Colonel Nikita Ergorov. He knew in his ‘gut’ that blue beret belonged to ‘Thumper’ and by damn he was tired of running.
A showdown was needed.
Big ‘S’ was up early, finished his dressing with one of the Army .45 caliber automatic pistols poked into his pants, hidden by his shirt. Little ‘S’ and Spook did their best to talk him out of this fruitless undertaking but Sarge would have none of it – his mind was made up.
Leaving the ‘Boudreaux’ he was not alone – Little ‘S’ was not going to let him confront the Russian Special Forces Blue Beret alone. Both descended the concrete steps of their current ‘home’ and turned up the street towards the main tourist section of New Orleans.
A couple of blocks and they turned onto Bourbon Street. The tourists were already out and beginning to fill the street and shops but nowhere did they get a glimpse of the Colonel. 

*  *  *  *  *

Approaching a corner on the main drag Sarge noticed a tall thin man, dressed in all black. He was standing on a wooden crate with a Bible in one hand and slamming it with the other one as he preached. No, he was not the Colonel. Not even one of his men. He was just one of a number of itinerant preachers that frequented the various corners yelling to the passing crowd that “The End is Coming”; “Repent”, “Hell is Real” or holding signs which stated, "John 3:16".
This particular preacher caught Sarge’s attention as he and Little ‘S’ walked by. It wasn’t his appearance but what he was saying. Sarge stopped and looked up at the man who continued quoting his Bible verses. The one, which stopped Sarge dead in his tracks, was the mentioning of Ezekiel’s vision of seeing a flying chariot that had wheels within wheels.
“Damn...! Damn...! That’s IT...! That’ IT...! Damn...!” Sarge yelled out loud.
The old preacher hearing Sarge standing right in front of him cussing like a drunken sailor said, “Think of your soul my brethren!! Repent! Repent you heathen! Your headed to HELL!!”
“Hell…? Hell no...! I’m headed back to my motel to get my Bible!” Sarge hollered turning back towards the ‘Boudreaux’.
“Praise the Lord,” the preacher said looking skyward. Not knowing that Sarge was not responding to his spiritual message but to his actual words, “a wheel within a wheel."
Grabbing Sarge’s arm Little ‘S’ asked, “What’s going on Pop? Are we going on after the Colonel or what?”
Sarge responded without stopping. “Remember Tinker describing the ‘flying saucer’ that brought her to Pac Toul? It had “wheels within wheels” and this old fire and brimstone preacher is quoting from Ezekiel.”
“So? Does that mean something?”
“Something... something... Son, it means everything! Follow me, when we get back to the motel I’ll explain!” 
Reaching the motel in a matter of minutes Sarge, followed closely by Little ‘S’, burst into the room scaring Tinker and Spook nearly to death. Yelling like a mad man he was hollering, “Get me that blood stained Bible! Where is it? Find it, quick!”
Sarge was tearing the room apart throwing things in every direction. “Its here somewhere…yeah...! yeah...! Here it is!”
“What happened Little ‘S’ did he get hold of some left-handed cigarettes (weed)?”
Little ‘S’ answered. “It was a preacher on the street corner that set him off!”
"A preacher...! What?” Said Spook. "This doesn't make any sense!"
“Let’s just see what he is up to.”
Sarge with Bible in hand turned to his assembled team. “The “Z” in blood on the front,” showing them the cover, “means EZEKIEL!” Opening the Bible’s cover he started counting the books in the 1st Section - the Old Testament. “Yep, Ezekiel is the 26th Book of the Old Testament - the 1st Section of the Bible. The 2nd Section would be the New Testament. Now lets flip over to that Book and turn to Chapter 1 and see what verses 5-26 have to say.”
Turning the pages quickly he found the answer to the ‘mystery’. “Wow...! Listen, listen to this….”
“Wait a minute Pop there’s a Bible in the night stand in the Revised Standard Version… I believe I would understand it better… can I get it?”
“Sure, grab it and hand it to me.” Sarge opened and read:

Ezekiel Chapter 1, Verses 5 - 26
5 From the center of the cloud came four living beings that looked human,
 6 except that each had four faces and four wings. 
7 Their legs were straight, and their feet had hooves like those of a calf and shone like burnished bronze. 
8 Under each of their four wings I could see human hands. So each of the four beings had four faces and four wings. 
9 The wings of each living being touched the wings of the beings beside it. Each one moved straight forward in any direction without turning around.
10 Each had a human face in the front, the face of a lion on the right side, the face of an ox on the left side, and the face of an eagle at the back. 
11 Each had two pairs of outstretched wings—one pair stretched out to touch the wings of the living beings on either side of it, and the other pair covered its body. 
12 They went in whatever direction the spirit chose, and they moved straight forward in any direction without turning around.
13 The living beings looked like bright coals of fire or brilliant torches, and lightning seemed to flash back and forth among them. 
14 And the living beings darted to and fro like flashes of lightning.
15 As I looked at these beings, I saw four wheels touching the ground beside them, one wheel belonging to each. 
16 The wheels sparkled as if made of beryl. All four wheels looked alike and were made the same; each wheel had a second wheel turning crosswise within it. 
17 The beings could move in any of the four directions they faced, without turning as they moved. 
18 The rims of the four wheels were tall and frightening, and they were covered with eyes all around.
19 When the living beings moved, the wheels moved with them. When they flew upward, the wheels went up, too. 
20 The spirit of the living beings was in the wheels. So wherever the spirit went, the wheels and the living beings also went. 
21 When the beings moved, the wheels moved. When the beings stopped, the wheels stopped. When the beings flew upward, the wheels rose up, for the spirit of the living beings was in the wheels.
22 Spread out above them was a surface like the sky, glittering like crystal. 
23 Beneath this surface the wings of each living being stretched out to touch the others’ wings, and each had two wings covering its body. 
24 As they flew, their wings sounded to me like waves crashing against the shore or like the voice of the Almighty or like the shouting of a mighty army. When they stopped, they let down their wings. 
25 As they stood with wings lowered, a voice spoke from beyond the crystal surface above them.
26 Above this surface was something that looked like a throne made of blue lapis lazuli. And on this throne high above was a figure whose appearance resembled a man.
“Damn...! Damn...!" Spook was the first to speak. This outburst was enormous since Spook was careful never to use profanity unless overly excited. “That’s Tinkers description of their craft to a tee!” 
Little ‘S’ stood speechless, looking at Tinker and Spook. “Spook’s right... Tinker this is your transportation to Pac Toul. Pop, this is scary – based upon Ezekiel’s vision and verified by Tinker these ‘silver men' must have been coming to Earth for thousands of years!”
“Your right if that’s true then the failure to return the man and woman ‘prisoners’ might indicate they obtained themselves another Adam and Eve!
I’ll be the first to admit I’m stumped – ‘the men in white’ must have had something to do with the pyramids in Egypt why else the oval patch with the three pyramids? The other emblems on the ‘craft’ were not a face, a lion, a cow, and a bird. We can see from Ezekiel they are descriptions of a man, a lion, a bull and an eagle. I don’t know the meaning of all this but we’ll figure it out someday.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

ON THE MOVE AGAIN
They had been in the motel for a couple of weeks after the discovery of the ‘mystery’ in the Bible. Cabin fever was beginning to set in. Since the shooting and the discovery of the blue beret nothing unusual had occurred except their nerves were beginning to fray. Something had to happen, and quick – where were those damn Kim brothers? 
Without warning late one sunny morning there was a knock at the door – Sarge cautiously went to open it – no one was there. Lying on the concrete next to the door was a brown envelope. Sarge picked it up and removed the contents; it had an instruction sheet and a couple thousand dollars of American money.
They were instructed to move from the grand ‘Boudreaux’ to a house across Lake Pontchartrain close to Highway 59 in the city of Slidell, Louisiana. A car would pick them up at 0600 tomorrow morning and carry them to Slidell and their new digs. They were to stay there until contacted again.

*  *  *  *  *

In Slidell Spook and Tinker were to assume identities as husband and wife. Big “S” and Little “S” were friends awaiting construction job openings in New Orleans. Money was to be delivered weekly and they were provided with a vehicle – driver’s licenses and identification papers were in the glove box for all of them. The car was parked in the garage of their new hideout. After the encounter in the alley in New Orleans, this house was considered more secure. 
They were to live in the middle class neighborhood until further orders were received from the idiot Kim brothers; although, their reputations were beginning to improve with Sarge. He had quit calling them ‘idiots’, especially if Spook was around. 
Sarge, Little ‘S’ and Spook did not like that word ‘live’ it indicated to them a period considered to be ‘long’ not ‘short’. ‘What could the two Kim brothers be up to?’ Thought Big ‘S’. Notice he did not even ‘think’ the word ‘idiot’.

*  *  *  *  *

They had been at their ‘new’ home a few weeks when suddenly and without warning a ‘visitor’ arrived. He pulled into the driveway, opened the car door and stepped upon the porch and hastily rang the doorbell. Sarge opened the door, gun in hand, and let him inside. He never introduced himself – he got right to the point – he would return in exactly one week and he wanted a complete list of all the equipment that the team would need as he put it “in their re-construction of the project”. Include everything - nuts, bolts, wire, electronic gear, any and all items that they needed, or possible thought might be needed. “Do not worry about the cost,” he said. “Cost is no object. If there is a remote chance that an item possibly could be used, put it on the list. Remember,” he said, “I’ll be back at 12 noon one week from today. Today is Monday, you have until next Monday to get your list prepared.” With this piece of cryptic advice he left as mysteriously as he had arrived.
    They did not know what to make of the stranger but obviously the Kim brothers sent him. By the sound of everything the rebuilding of the ‘project’ was to begin.
Each wondered as they talked to each other – what to put on the list; do we understand the alien documents sufficiently to make a list of re-constructive parts; what type of assistance will we have; and most of all where is all this to take place?
All these questions would eventually resolve themselves and one week later the list, which had taken on the characteristics of a book, was completed and delivered by another messenger to the Kim brothers who… 
 
CHAPTER NINETEEN

BACK TO THE PRESENT
The tell-tell creaking of the floor upstairs should have alerted Forrest that someone had crossed those boards and, at this very moment, was silently stepping slowly down the stairs to the door leading into the basement – the door handle turned and with a gentle push open it swung.
The light from the gunroom spilled out into the dark basement and illuminated the figure crossing the room.
Inside the gunroom Forrest still sat, hypnotized, in the middle of the floor in front of the safe, its doors standing wide open! Papers, folders, medals and certificates lay scattered all over the floor in a jumbled mess.
The intruder at the door softly spoke the word “FORREST!” If he heard his name uttered he gave no indication – he was too engrossed in the Kim brother's CIA documents. Forrest, still entranced by the phenomenon, which still had him, as mesmerized as it was when he first started examining those documents, did not allow his mind to comprehend his summons.
He mind’s eye kept him engrossed in the dream but not dreaming; the places where he witnessed this saga still lingered in his vision, but the participants couldn’t be touched, he still wanted to speak to them but couldn’t. The events unfurled as though the events of the past had been a movie he had been watching of his great-grandfather Grandpa Scarburg and his Grandfather Pa Scarburg. The names, description of events and places were real to him, not just random events depicted on those scraps of paper, what Forrest witnessed he thought was real to him!
It WAS real! 

*  *  *  *  *

Forrest trying hard to keep his mind focused could not hold onto the images that were beginning to fade – “No! I’m not through!” he said speaking out loud. Startled to reality by the sound of his own voice he realized someone just called his name.
“Who called me?”
The voice – it is familiar – it is part of the movie that he is watching! ‘Am I in this movie?’ he thought. “Who is calling me?”
“Forrest wake up!” the voice urged. The images faded faster… faster and finally disappeared all together, but standing close by he could sense the presence of one of the voices in the ‘movie’!
“FORREST!” The voice said a little louder…. 
“FORREST!” The voice said slapping his hands together, “WAKE UP!” 

*  *  *  *  *

“Who’s talking? Where am I?” Forrest turned his head and there standing in the door to the gunroom was his grandfather – Pa - Little ‘S’ - Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr.
“What just happened Pa? Tell me, this is scary… what’s been going on?”
“Forrest, come on, leave everything alone and come upstairs. The sun’s up, you’ve made a whole night of this thing. Hustle up, I’ll fix some breakfast and we’ll talk.” 
Sitting around the breakfast table Forrest had a million questions, so he started with, “How did you know I had entered the gunroom Pa?”
“Easy, silent alarm first time you went in.”
“You mean when I sneaked down there you had me pegged from the beginning? Why didn’t you stop me?” Forrest asked.
“Well, I figured you are old enough now to know the whole story. What you were seeing and experiencing last night HAPPENED! I know I was there too and saw it all personally. It was real. The P.H.O.T.O. was real and you were there to see it. I understand what you witnessed seemed scary and troublesome. I identify with your feeling of awe and amazement very well. Your one night adventure has been a constant companion of mine for over 40 years. 

*  *  *  * *

Your episode last night felt like a dream, didn’t it Forrest? We know your body gave you all the indications of a dream but your mind actually experienced the events in real time as they occurred. We discovered from the ‘silver men’ how to perform your little reality shift many years ago using information gleaned from their documents. Remember the beautiful clock you found in the safe – the strange large gold six-sided one?”
“Oh yeah Pa when I found it I almost died, man it was bad!” 
“Bad? What do you mean bad?”
“Oh! No not bad...as in bad... bad...yeah, it was…uh…uh...cool.”
“Pa, you’ve got to believe me, I didn’t break it. It was all ready broken, I couldn’t get it to run right!”
“Forrest don’t worry the ‘clock’ isn’t broken and you’re right, it is ‘bad’, we call it the ‘Mind Traveler’. Glad you didn’t drop it, it’s made entirely of gold, silver and platinum and worth a fortune in the metals alone.”
“Awesome! What does it do?”
“Forrest you experienced what it can do – it transported your mine back in time and allowed you to observe everything that Big ‘S’, Spook, Tinker and I did until you woke up six hours after the clock started humming.”
“No, Pa, I know when I’m awake or dreaming, what I saw had to have been in a dream! But it sure did seem real now that you mention it?” If I wasn’t dreaming how did that ‘clock’ thing do that?”
“PT we had a whole ‘clock’ team study the alien documents and blueprints and finally build that device. I didn’t work on the team that developed it, but it was figured out from the alien’s information that we brought back from Cambodia. About all I know about it is how to set the crazy thing. You set the machine into operation when you touched that red knob – you did push the red knob didn’t you?”
Sheepishly, Forrest hung his head and nodded that he had.
“No problem Forrest, I can have a plan too. I figured after your first visit to the safe you would go back. I went downstairs, opened the safe and set the time on the ‘Mind Traveler’ to 1350 (1:50 pm) hours on 15 August 1967. Longitude and latitude corresponded to the Polei Kleng firebase Republic of South Vietnam. The ‘clock’ operates on a six-hour real world cycle that begins when the red knob is activated.
We pushed the Edison recording up from thirty seconds to a couple of minutes but, so far, the 'mind traveler' is still limited to six hours, real world time. We'll get a breakthrough someday that will extent it's time too."
Basically the ‘Mind Traveler’ works by emitting an ionized electromagnetic force field that manipulates brain waves by transporting a person’s consciousness to the time and place set on the face of the machine. Two micro-miniature devices called 'Interferometers' emits this force field to anyone within three feet of the device. The team that works on it refers to something called 'Negative Energy' and miniature 'Wormholes'.
“Worm...whats!”
“Wormholes, Forrest. The astro-physics guys think the big white disc transmitted their information to Betleguese using these ‘Wormholes’. Someway these ‘holes’ bend the fabric of space and time. In effect, they shorten the tremendous distance concerned with travel across the universe.”
 It's all Greek to me; however, there are a couple of peculiar facets of the “Mind Traveler’ that we have observed but have never been able to figure out.”
“Yeah, what’s that Pa?”
“Forrest did you happen to look at your watch while in the gunroom?”
“Yeah I did, when I tried to get your ‘clock’ to work.”
“What was the time on your watch?”
Forrest thought for a second, “Oh yeah, now I remember – 1:12.”
“How long have we been upstairs? It’s 7:26 now.”
“I suppose about 10 minutes.”
Pa spoke rather slowly and with deliberation, “Look at your watch – what time is it?”
Looking down at his watch Forrest stammered, “Its… its…. 1:23!”
“That’s our anomaly – your watch stopped for those six hours! I’m not offering an answer just stating a fact – were you actually in your ‘dream’ or was it just your mind?”
The second thing we have observed is something the 'Clock Team' calls 'retrocausality'...
"Retro... what!
"Retrocausality - the future cannot affect the present and the present cannot affect the past. In other words time or 'mind traveling' cannot change the future while "in" the past - or alter the present if 'traveling' in the future. That's explains why when you were "there" you could not speak, be spoken to nor be seen - you were merely an observer, remember?"
Now I know you are dying to ask me some questions – and I will answer them as honestly as I can – you deserve to know all the truth, fire away.
The only caveat attached to my explanations is this:  everything I tell you is ‘classified’, you cannot breathe a word to anyone. The CIA runs every aspect of our operations as a ‘black ops’. The ‘real’ government does not know and has never known of our existence. The CIA has always been afraid our facilities would be assigned to DARPA (Defense Advanced Projects Agency) but so far the ‘Company’ has maintained exclusive rights to our research.”
*  *  *  *  *

 “Okay Pa, I understand. Now the last thing I remember watching you all had left New Orleans and moved to Slidell, Louisiana…”
“Slidell, yeah you remember the place.”
“Yeah, and you had to make a list of stuff to build the ‘Edisons’ again, right? (Pa nodded). What happened next?”
“Well the information we supplied went back to Spooks two brothers, Bud and Lou, in the CIA. Both of them were promoted and transferred to CIA HQ in Washington, D.C. They set us up as a legitimate company under one of their ‘black ops’ programs and let us built a completely new laboratory, we constructed new ‘Edisons’, in fact, we are on ‘Edison Version IV’ currently. Our facilities are known as S.C.A.R., which stands for “Searches Concerning Antiquated Records”.
"What happened to Dr. Kim and Miss Lu?"
"Spook and Tinkers blossoming romance that began in the far off land of Cambodia flourished and they got married once we got everything settled and up and running again. They are still alive and well and both semi-retired. I cannot begin to tell you how much they contributed over the years to the research. Both are brilliant scientists that have been blessed with three fine children – two handsome sons and one beautiful daughter. The sons are twins, both married and following in the footsteps of their father and mother. Both work for us as Analysts. The girl, married too, her husband work for us at another of our facilities.”
“Uh, question Pa – how many ‘facilities’ did the CIA build for you?”
“Three – one is under my gun business. The store is just a front, the lab is three floors deep, buried underground, reached by an elevator hidden in one of the store’s closets. 
Another larger facility is disguised as part of NASA on Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville (Alabama) and the third is located deep within Cheyenne Mountain (Colorado) with NORAD (North American Aerospace Defense Command).
This last facility is located deep inside the granite rock of Cheyenne Mountain since NORAD is impregnable to a nuclear attack. We fully realize this research cannot be jeopardized in any way, the data is too important, not just to the present generation but for future generations.
I better explain about my store. I told you it was just a front – that’s not quite true – I supply weapons, ammo, explosives or whatever that might be needed for CIA supported operations in the southern hemisphere.
I provide equipment for the CIA to assist the National Guard Special Forces units too. The CIA uses these Special Force units to infiltrate and destroy, mostly, the drug production business in South America. This is in conjunction with my ‘interpreting’ duties.”
“Awesome, now this is all beginning to make sense. I see now why you have so many guns and military stuff.” 
Pa what about rebuilding the ‘Edisons’ you say you are up to Version Four – what did you learn – did you get to work on the Kennedy Assassination? What about the Army? What about the ‘the silver men’? Did you run upon them again? Did you ever find out why they sent all the data to the star in Orion? I forgot the name?
“Betelgeuse is the star’s name. As far as the ‘why’? No one has ever come up with a good answer for that one; we theorize but in the years since, our facilities at NASA work continuously on trying to find the answer. They are involved with Einstein’s Theory of Relativity, wormholes, time travel and things such as these. Researches someday will open up travel to those other solar systems. Someday we will sit down and I will explain this research – I believe you will be just as fascinated with their discoveries as you are with this one, they might impress you more so.”
Forrest continued, “Did you decode all of those documents? Who are the two men in the Ford sedan I always see arrive at the gun store. THE PLAN was to find out what was carried in the black satchel? Is this why Baba never had any photographs? And two important questions:  Do you think ‘the silver men’ will ever come back? And did you ever run upon the Russian Colonel again?
“Whoa, slow down – we rebuilt the Edisons and yes we were able to listen to the photographs once again, at first, we managed to get about 30 seconds of voice and movement. We coined the word ‘interpret’ instead of read; we thought ‘interpret’ sounded more ‘official’. Then we improved them to interpret farther and farther – right now Version IV can discern speech and movement up to 2 minutes. We can now ‘interpret’ photos from newspapers, magazines and best of all – well maybe not best, but exciting at least, we can ‘interpret’ written documents, hand written ones!
I wish you had been present, I'm guessing about 10 years ago now – we ran the Declaration of Independence through Version III! Hearing Benjamin Franklin, John Adams and the other Founding Fathers speak as they were signing their names. Forrest you couldn’t believe your ears. Unbelievable is all I can say. I truly wish you had witnessed it with us. It was truly a historic event. If I had not known better I would have thought I was watching Sean Connery playing Benjamin Franklin in a movie. It was wonderful. Not to worry though, I have it all on DVDs you can watch it later.
As far as Colonel Nikita Ergorov – nah, never saw him again. Don’t even know if that was him at the fence. Somehow, I believe he survived the boat crash and was still after us in New Orleans, but never heard anything from the Russians again.”
“And Pa, what about the Kennedy Assassination?”
“Oh yeah, we found out part of the truth about the President Kennedy Assassination but revealing what we witnessed will create a firestorm within our government. What we uncovered has not been released to anyone outside our little group. All the data on this project is locked up in our vault – we keep saying we are going to flesh out all the ugly details and let the chips fall where they may, but we just keep putting the inevitable off because this is one of the biggest projects that we have ever encountered, concerning our national security. If we get involved with it our entire time and equipment will be dedicated to this one project.
Funny you would bring the Kennedy Assassination up, Forrest - we are currently in the process of seeking permission to dedicate our total time and resources to this one undertaking. But our next project concerns a Mayan calendar found in Mexico and a mummy discovered in Egypt...somehow the two are connected.
As far as the alien documents go – no, we still have plenty of symbols we are unable to decipher or we’re not quite sure of their meaning – but we learned more and more. Later products were invented; a better word would be produced, from gleaned alien knowledge that changed our world. Things like – CDs, DVDs, microwaves, personal computers even the concept of the Internet was inspired by their ideas.
It’s hard to ‘invent’ something that we actually ‘found’. We discovered the technology for cell phones while working on recreating the big white transmission disc we found out by the river. Those alien microfilms provided blueprints for the Global Positioning System (GPS) we currently use.
Remember back when Tinker was telling us about that 'Nano' technology at Pac Toul? Well using Nano information we now have atomic clocks that measure the nuclear vibrations of atoms to nine billion ticks per second or one ten millions of a nano-second. We can measure a minute out to 16 digits. That's how we developed GPS. GPS is just a big time keeping system." 
"Pa you've lost me!"
"Okay - I worked on this one - we have four satellites orbiting the earth each with an atomic clock on board, all synchronized. Each sends a signal to your GPS receiver in your car, or where ever, and the GPS just measures which satellites time signal get to the receiver the fastest and then a small computer plots where you are!! 
Oh, what is yet to be produced or invented, once we glean more of their knowledge? Presently I would estimate ¼ of the information that we brought back from Pac Toul, Cambodia has been deciphered!
I marvel at the world of new inventions awaiting discovery by those of your generation when the other ¾ are decoded, and they will be someday soon.
I was hoping your ‘mind travel’ experience would whet your appetite enough to get you to work with us someday.

*  *  *  *  *

Oh! About forgot… the two visitors in the black Ford sedans...Sorry, but the answer to The Plan is that they are always envoys from the CIA Director at Langley, Virginia. They bring the more sensitive ‘things’ to my lab for, what I told you, ‘interpreting’. They bring them in that black satchel and carry our ‘interpretations’ back to the Director using those government black Ford sedans.
Baba and her photographs – at first we played with the Edisons using our own photographs. Soon we discovered things had been said or done at the time of the films exposure she did not want strangers, family too, to see and hear. Things that we didn’t need to see and hear from our other family’s photos either.
To eliminate those possibly embarrassing situations she never again allowed our personal photographs to be used as research; therefore, to eliminate anyone’s temptation to ‘dig’ into some of our personal lives Baba will not allow any pictures in her house and no one in our family takes photographs either.
 Yeah, we had one big wrinkle back then – the Army – Big ‘S’ and I WERE still on active duty!!
Our dog tags in the Dehavilland wreckage, along with Captain Knight’s remains, threw off the Russians, for a while. But our guys, especially our friends in the 5th Special Forces Group, would not let us die. No telling how many of them, on their on time and on their own dime (at their on expense), travelled to the Thailand plane crash site and sifted through the debris looking for clues to our demise.
Finally, Big ‘S’ and I decided the subterfuge should stop. We persuaded the Kim brothers to kick our existence upstairs in the ‘Company’ and straighten out our situation with the Army. They did. The Pentagon removed us from the MIA (missing in action) or KIA (killed in action) rolls, whichever they had us on. Anyway, the Army assigned us TDY (temporary duty) status from themselves to the CIA. We stayed with the CIA until we both retired - we never returned to the regular Army.
I made a special trip to 'Captain' Knight's family and returned his wedding ring to his wife... and relayed his personal messages... The CIA Director posthumously awarded him the Medal of Valor for his part in the Pac Toul event. His remains were retrieved and he is buried in Arlington National Cemetery in Washington. D.C.

*  *  *  *  *

You wanted to know if we had made contact with the ‘the silver men’ again – well I’ve got bad news and bad news, which do you want first?”
“I’ll take bad first,” PT answered smiling.
“SETI" (Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence), the NASA group, has been monitoring that broadcast frequency the aliens used to send their data to the star Betelgeuse for over 40 years now. You know the one Spook figured out at the white ‘disc’ right before the ‘atomic bomb’ went off. About thirty years or so ago we received an interesting communication on that same wavelength. From where the information originated, we still do not know - from outer space or right here on Earth, its still a mystery. And interesting fact though, nothing had ever been received on this frequency before and the frequency had remained silent every since until another one was received about eight years later. It’s been ten years since that one – we’ve only received one more since then.”
‘Come on Pa what did they say?”
“The first one was one sentence in French:  ‘Vous connaissez le livre!’ He continued, “It means ‘You know the book now!”
Forrest yelled, “Book! Hell, I mean heck, that don’t make any sense even I knew it must be a book, I just didn't have the Bible figured out. What did your folks make out of that?”
“Everything – we knew in Pac Toul it was probably a book too. Our problem was we didn’t know what or where the book was located. The Library of Congress? Libraries in France, Germany, Japan, Turkey, Spain, heck there’s 192 countries in the UN alone, not counting the Vatican City, Kosovo and even Tinker’s Taiwan, now called Taipei? Then we have dozens of Territories and Colonies. Let’s not forget Puerto Rico, Bermuda, Greenland, Palestine, Northern Ireland and Scotland and yada, yada, yada, get my point? Heck there are hundreds if not thousands and thousands of Section 1s all over the world. You know how many books we were are talking about? We never figured out the blood soaked “Z” on the Bible meant Ezekiel until Big ‘S’ and I ran upon that New Orleans preacher down on Bourbon Street.”
“Darn – as smart as you guys are, looks like you could have figured that out before then…but yeah, I see now why this is bad news, sounds like they were laughing at you all. Was the next message any better - what did that message say?”
“It was in French too and said, ‘Donnany l’illomination intelligente etant limite!’
“Okay Pa, right, my French is a little rusty how about a translate!”
“It just says, ‘Bestowing intelligent beings limited enlightenment!’
“I wonder what that means?”
“We always took it to mean that they were just giving us a small taste of their vast knowledge.”
Forrest saying the words over and over in his head said, “Pa, did you all ever think about those five translated words? Look at the first letter of each word, just like on the wall at Pac Toul: 
“B.I.B.L.E.”

“Well I’ll be!” Pa responded. “We never deciphered that one. I suppose they wanted to make sure we got the book right even ‘tho we had figured out the 1st Section, Book 26, Chapter 1, Paragraphs 5-26 of the mystery note passed to Tinker at Pac Toul was the Book of Ezekiel in the Bible. Reading that passage in Ezekiel tells us whom they are. And for some reason that one ‘visitor’, Anhur, wanted Tinker to know who he was.”
“That’s it! Nothing else? To be so smart they don’t communicate very well! What was the next one Pa?
“The next to last time we heard from them this was received, ‘ex uno, plures’ 
“What did that mean?”
“It’s a reversal of our U.S. motto, ‘e pluribus Unum’ “Out of many one” Their message reads, “Out of one, many”. We figure this refers to the man and woman ‘captives’ that were never returned. Maybe their plans are for them to be the Adam and Eve of another new world, who knows.”
“Okay Pa what did their last message say.”
“The entire message was just a plain and simple word – it was “P.H.O.T.O.” and ended with a question mark!”
“P.H.O.T.O.?”

“And Forrest the final answer to your questions is:”

YES! - THEY WILL RETURN!!!!


###
