THE HOLDER OF THE KEY
REDUX

By Richard Dive



Copyright © 2014 Richard Dive
All rights reserved.

ISBN: 9781310691461

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.








Also by Richard Dive:

The Holder of the Key (2011 Fontaine Press)
The Alpha Initiative (2012 Fontaine Press)
The Holder of the Key & The Alpha Initiative REDUX 
(2nd edition, 2014 Amazon)
The Alpha Initiative REDUX (3rd edition, Amazon)
The Lost City (2014 Amazon)

About the Author

Richard Dive is an author based in Sydney, Australia. He attended The King’s School in Parramatta, learned the basics of authoring from Frank Beddor in Los Angeles, and holds of Bachelor of Creative Arts (International Studies) from Macquarie University. He is not a licensed dentist.
For further information, visit and like the Facebook page: www.facebook.com/RichardDiveOfficial or follow his tumblr blog @romeodeltabravo.



This is for everyone who supported me through the first two years, but especially for Jamer, Cait and Chin. Without your encouragement I doubt that I would have followed through with this. Special thanks go to Adele McLennan, who cared enough to criticize constructively with her editing and make both books better, and to Frank Beddor, who without whom I would not have completed my degree, nor would I have learned the power of wonder. Also to Jenko, for the awesome original cover, and unwavering support. 
Message from the Author

So here we are again, though I have no doubt that for many of you this is the first time. The first time I put out one of these messages I rambled on quite a bit, but this time I’m going to keep it short and sweet. The Holder of the Key was my first full-length novel, a work that I was proud of from the day I finished the first draft in 2009. Two years of editing and tweaking saw it evolve into something more, and it was then released into the world. Thanks to some poor outsourcing decisions, the formatting and content final product was, to say the least, imperfect. For the most part that was fixed with the sequel, The Alpha Initiative, but neither felt quite right. Ultimately, rather than push a vision I no longer believed in, I chose to go back and rewrite both, absorbing the cost of doing so and writing off what remained of the original versions. What you hold now is not so much a second edition as it is a massive overhaul of what once was. The story is the same, for the most part, but things have been changed for the better, sort of like the difference between Apocalypse Now and Apocalypse Now Redux. As of writing this I have the third entry in the series in the final editing stages, and the drafts for the two that follow ready for the red ink. As far as continuity is concerned, the REDUX versions of The Holder of the Key and The Alpha Initiative are the new canon, with all stories that follow tying in to them.

I would like to extend a special thanks to all those who bought the first editions. You made this possible, you believed in me, and frankly, you rock.
-RD
The Holder of the Key

Extract from Aspectus, chapter titled Gods and Monsters, Marcus Octavius c. 280-270 BCE
They lie within the mountains,
Across the deserts, plains, and seas,
The gifts from those who came before;
The Might of Gods they’ll free.
They must never come together,
They must never be as one.
This is their warning.

“Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.” – Demosthenes, Greek Politician 4th Century BCE
PROLOGUE



MV Carter, the Indian Ocean
IT was going to be the discovery of the millennium, possibly the greatest discovery of all time: The ruins of what could be the first city built by man. In raging swells in between the Madagascan and Australian coasts, it had lain hidden for countless millennia. In a world now surrounded by cameras flying effortlessly through the skies for such a place to remain hidden was a considerable feat. The oceanic region surrounding the island had been locked a turbulent storm for hundreds of years, consequently being given a damning name by the sailors of the Age of Exploration: Poseidon’s Wrath. This project was daring, even for a seasoned veteran such as Jeff Elton but he was confident. After all, with the phenomenal grant he had been given, finding a legendary island lost in perpetual storm would be a piece of cake.
The reality of the process however was far from simple, as a string of bad luck had befallen the operation. Already their ship had come close to running aground, the sonar and depth scanners rendered useless by constant electromagnetic interference from the storm, and three of the four Unmanned Aerial Drones supplied by their Industrialist backer had been lost to the storm. Two had been struck by lightning, and the third had been consumed by a colossal wave. If the fourth one failed to land on solid ground, Elton would have to rethink his strategy. The UAD’s all carried GPS beacons, and if even one of them could find a safe place to land, they would be able to fly their Helicopter directly onto the island. One of the junior engineers placed on his crew by their benefactor walked into the room. Elton prepared himself for more bad news.
“Dr Elton sir, we’ve managed to land Number Four on the ridge. The scanner says it’s about eighty square foot of flat rock, we should be able to make a landing there,” the engineer said.
“Really? That’s excellent news. Have the conditions improved?” Elton asked, finally seeing a glimmer of hope in the so far fruitless expedition.
Elton looked out into the dark abyss, rain lashing the windows of the small freighter with little in the way of mercy.
“No sir, it seems to be getting worse, but Günter says he can handle it.” Said the engineer.
Günter Rommel, their resident pilot, was a madman. A veteran stunt pilot, he took great pleasure in seeing the occupants of his craft turn green as he turned the sky into a supreme stage for aerial acrobatics. Elton sighed heavily. 
“If anyone can do this, I suppose its Günter. Come on lad, we’ve got history to make,” he said, still staring into the violent storm
“Sir?”
Elton found himself lost in thought for a moment. This was it, his ticket to glory. He gave a hearty laugh.
“You know, it’s funny this ship being named the Carter. Howard Carter discovered the tomb of Tutankhamen, a find still hailed as one of the greatest historical discoveries of the twentieth century. When all this is over, I’ll be regarded one of the greatest archaeologists of all time!” he boasted. 
The engineer groaned.
*
The ride to the island was far from pleasant; rather than trying to show off his stunt pilot skills, Günter was having considerable trouble staying in the air. The small Bell helicopter rattled and shook as it plunged through the inky black night, and for a moment Elton considered whether this find would really be worth his life, not to mention the lives of his small team. Günter’s heavily Bavarian accent crackled over their headsets.
“We are nearly there, I have a bead on the UAD; I’ll get over head and should be able to set her down in five minutes flat,” said Günter.
“No rush Günter, just get us there alive.” said Elton, trying desperately not to vomit.
Ten turbulent minutes later, they were returned to terra firma, and the weather around them was oddly calm. One member of his team, a young paleontology grad student named Jimmy Burgundy, started kissing the ground, then immediately desisted and began spitting.
“It’s so salty!” said Burgundy, gagging.
“Well yeah, duh. We are in the middle of the Indian ocean, James,” said a young female associate, mockingly.
Susan Rutledge, the Grad student handpicked by Elton to be his personal assistant on this project, hit Burgundy in the arm playfully. She was a flirt and a half, but she seemed to know her stuff. Elton assured himself that even though they were sleeping together, there was no lapse in his integrity, and the difference in their ages was naught but a technicality. Elton stared at her longingly for a moment, eagerly anticipating their next romp, when a tap came on his shoulder.
“Pardon me, Dr Elton, but what are your thoughts on the sudden lapse in Mother Nature’s fury? Doesn’t it seem a little, I dunno, weird?” asked a voice.
The engineer from the Carter was behind him, unloading their gear. Elton struggled for a fleeting moment to remember his name, something Scottish or Irish, but gave up figuring he was not worth the effort.
“Well McDonald, I’m no meteorologist, but it seems that we are in the eye of the storm. There must be some great electromagnetic force to generate a storm of this magnitude, and for so long. It makes sense that this is why we were unable to locate the island until now. How did your boss come across those charts, by the way? I’ve never seen anything like them,” asked Elton.
“My name is Macpherson sir, Augustus Macpherson, and he acquired them from a specialist in this field,” the young engineer replied flatly.
“Oh, right, whatever. I need you to start setting up the surveying equipment; you think you can handle that, MacDougall?”
The young engineer shook his head went on his way, the Hart Industries logo glinting on his coveralls. Elton did not have time for that nonsense, he had been hired to do a job and he was damn well going to do it. Lucius Hart be damned, this was his discovery. Elton considered Hart little more than means to an end, a convenient and near limitless source of funding. Those fools at Hadley College would never have given him a chance like this, but even if they had, he would cut them off as soon as he put pen to paper.
*
The plateau was not overly wide, perhaps forty feet before the incline towards the center began, but the sheer cliffs around the edge loomed over six hundred feet above the waves. The only truly flat surface was to be found at the cliff’s edge, and within those rocky walls a deep valley stretched downwards, easily below sea level. Elton and his team could see the ruins of a small settlement from where they had landed, right at the bottom. Pay dirt, Elton thought to himself. The path to the ruins wound around the edges of the valley, the cliff far too steep to traverse straight down, so they had a considerable trek down the spiral path ahead of them.
“Right then, off we go,” he said, bravado in his voice.
Elton walked briskly at the front of the group, though this took some considerable effort. A chain smoker and heavy drinker for as long as he could remember, his carefree lifestyle had taken a toll on his body. Regardless, he didn’t want to seem soft in front of the others. Like dad always said, the alpha male must not show weakness, lest the young lions pounce.  Susan effortlessly caught up to him after a short while, having spent her time up until that point having a discussion with the Hart engineer.
“Hey babe, what are you planning to call this island?” she asked.
Though did his best not to sound like he was struggling, even by the dim light of their torches it was obvious in his red face that he had hit the wall.
“Ah... well, ah... hadn’t really thought of that... I suppose Ghet, after the city...” he puffed.
“Gate? Bit of a silly name, don’t you think?” she commented.
Elton looked at the airheaded girl and seriously began to wonder whether letting his libido choose his assistants was such a good idea. They were about halfway down the path now and he decided to call for a breather, mostly for his own sake.
“Alright... Everyone take five. Ghet has been waiting a few millennia for us; it can wait a few minutes longer,” he said.
Elton pulled a hip flask from his rucksack and took a mouthful of honeyed scotch. He looked up at the dark sky; amazingly, even though it was the middle of the day, he could swear it was night time. The way the clouds blanketed this place, it was little wonder no satellite had stumbled upon it until now. A fact that was fine by him. His thoughts drifted towards the cash flow that would come from this discovery. The lecture circuit would be absolutely gagging for him. Susannah sat down next to him and he quickly hid the flask.
“So what’s so special about this place anyway? I’ve seen ruins in Egypt and Rome, but I’ve never even heard of Ghet,” she said, putting a hand on his thigh.
“Well my dear you wouldn’t have. Ghet is a very obscure legend, though if you know enough about continental drift you will understand its significance,” said Elton. 
He rifled through his rucksack and pulled out a map depicting an enormous landmass with lines drawn through it and notes scribbled all over it.
“You see, the current state of the world’s landmasses is the result of shifting tectonic plates. Every continent in the world was once connected in what has been dubbed a supercontinent, called Pangaea. Ghet would have been right at the center, and is believed to be the point of origin for humanity,” said Elton, pointing out a mark he had made on the ancient map.
“Like the cradle of life? Isn’t the cradle of life meant to be in Africa though?” Susan asked.
Elton shook his head, removing his hat and fanning himself with it in an effort to cool himself down.
“That is something that has never been proven conclusively, even if most plebeians believe otherwise. The ruins below could well be the first evidence not only of human society, but of intelligent society. Imagine, they’ve cut of their tails and strategically shaved themselves and decided ‘hey, let’s create the world!’ And this city is the fruit of their labors. Of course, eons ago something happened to the city and man was pushed back countless ages developmentally. It became little more than a myth, likely the basis for those of Atlantis and other lost continents. I was one of three specialists searching for Ghet, now it looks like I’m the only one who will actually get to see it.” Elton explained.
“Who were the other two?” she asked.
“Nobody of consequence; Vincent Steel from Harvard and Dr Adam Thorne from Locke. One of them is dead, the other a cripple now. I forget which. It’s not important,” said Elton dismissively.
A blinding flash of lightning immediately followed by deafening blast of thunder erupted overhead, and a light rain began to fall upon the island. Everyone pulled out their wet weather gear and looked to Elton for guidance. He stood there, like a deer caught in headlights, staring down at the ruins. The brief flash could have played tricks with his eyes, but he was sure he saw something moving. The Hart engineer, MacCutcheon, called for his attention.
“Dr Elton, we have to get moving, sir. Satellite is showing the storm getting worse, and the eye is moving. We’d be best off taking shelter in the ruins,” said the engineer, grabbing his gear.
“Are you mad McCoy? Access to the city is miles away; we’d never make it there. We’ll set up camp here and wait it out in our tents.” Elton asserted.
He winked at Susan as she coyly tugged at his arm. What a minx, he thought to himself.
“Forgive me sir, but as representative of Hart Industries, I insist that for the safety of both our equipment and your people that we move to more stable shelter. The ruins look like they are designed to withstand this sort of natural event, and if we get hit by a flash flood out here we’ll never be heard from again.” the engineer asserted.
The rain started getting heavier, growing from a light drizzle to an unpleasant splatter. As much as he despised being proven wrong, he had to admit that the young man had a point. Günter had been forced to take off and return to the freighter half an hour previously for the next group, and as the storm had since intensified he would not be able to get back if there were a problem. Elton figured that cutting his losses here might work out for the better, showing off his humanitarian side. The route they would have to take was heavily covered in centuries of overgrowth, but they had machetes so they would be able to hack their way down.
“Fine. Alright everyone, let’s go, double time. Mother Nature is a fickle bitch who waits for no man,” said Elton.
*
By the time they reached the bottom of the spiral path four hours later the group was exhausted, soaked and freezing, the rain pelting them like tiny icy bullets. As soon as they broke through the tree cover, Elton had the group make a beeline for the nearest ruined building for shelter. The Hart boy, the moniker Elton had decided to give the engineer after giving up on his name, did a headcount. Burgundy and one of the other grad students, an ethnographer called Rojas, were missing. Before a panic began, Elton decided to take action and calm everyone.
“Not to worry, not to worry. No doubt they just ran for another of the buildings, probably a little over excited. We’ll catch them when the storm lightens up,” said Elton.
 “You mean the storm that by all indications has been raging without breaking for the last two thousand years?” the Hart boy chided.
The storm gradually eased into a light shower, and they began the search for their lost comrades. The Hart boy had set up several portable flood lights, illuminating the ruins, and revealing just how treacherous their path had been. The final portion of the path was a stone bridge, the ruined city itself a few hundred feet below sea level but the water lying well beneath that. After an hour of searching all of the ruins, Elton made the executive decision to call it off, citing that if they fell, they would have died, and if not, they would show up. This caused murmurs in the group, but everyone carried on, aware of what they had signed on for; Hart had provided generous life insurance policies for their friends and families in the event of an accident. Elton ordered that they begin their survey of the area.
The ruins were like nothing Elton had ever seen before, and could hardly be called ruins; they were near completely intact, if in need of some polish. It was as if the people who had once lived here so many ages ago had only been gone a few months, if not weeks. This was going to make Elton the star of the archaeological community and cement his status in the history books to come. If only he had not signed the six month research contract with all of those damnable non-disclosure policies, he could have announced the discovery to the world that very day. Still, concessions had to be made while he was backed by Lucius Hart’s dollar, and with the near limitless funds he would be receiving in research grants it was an acceptable compromise. He would save the good stuff for later publication.
“Jeff! Jeff, come over here!” Susan called from one of the buildings, and Elton bolted over. She sounded as if she may have found something and as much as he liked the girl, he wasn’t going to let anyone steal his glory. Dashing toward where he heard her voice, he prepared himself for something incredible. She was standing next to an ornate chest, in which a pattern was carved looking almost like a glyphic language. Elton was overcome. Such an artefact could well go down as a greater discovery than Tutankhamen’s golden headpiece.
“I tried opening it, but it won’t budge. There’s a weird seal on it, nothing I’ve ever seen before, and it won’t come loose,” she said.
As she indicated the obstacle, the Hart boy came in. The seal was more beautiful than Elton had ever imagined: An ornate golden triangle, at its base a pair of interlocked golden circles, at the center of which was a red ruby. The Hart boy pulled out the satellite phone and made a call to his superiors.
“Boss, we’ve found it. What are your orders?” he asked,
The engineer stared intensely at Elton and Susan as he awaited a reply. It was creeping the old researcher out, so he returned his attention to his prize. Hart was an afterthought now, means to an end.
“I… I understand,” he said, his voice shaking.
Clearly the boy was overwhelmed. Elton put his hand on the chest, and started wondering whether it would be of greater value to give it to Hart, or to break the contract and claim the artefact for himself. Eyeing a heavy crowbar sticking out of Susan’s pack, and considering how the other two had already vanished to their likely doom... Accidents did happen a lot in this line of work.

CHAPTER ONE: LOCKE COLLEGE



Locke College, Southern California. Three Months Later.
Yet again, Adam Thorne found himself through the halls of the History building as if his life depended on it, deftly dodging students and lecturers as they sauntered on their way to their various destinations. The morning had not started out well for him: he had woken up an hour late, his roommate had used all of the hot water in the shower, and his battered old rucksack had split open again, forcing him to abandon his laptop and carry all of his notebooks and stationary in his arms. The fact that he was up for assessment today made these inconveniences that much worse. There was a position opening up as a full-time lecturer, and he was hoping to secure it, finally escaping the deadly tedium of being a teacher’s assistant. His only hope was that the assessor was going through candidates alphabetically, putting him last and giving him a chance to compose himself.
“Come on, focus…” he muttered.
As he dashed through the courtyard, he caught a snippet of an argument between his friends and colleagues, Alice and Ben Crane, most likely about Ben slacking off on his duties as student coordinator.
“I can’t believe you would do something that, what the hell were you thinking?” Alice shouted.
“I thought you’d find it hilarious, all things considered, and you know you’d have joined in if you were there. You have to admit, it was pretty funny, and we did kind of do it on your behalf,” Ben replied, defensively.
Alice slapped her brother on the back of the head. Fraternal twins, the pair stood every bit as different as they did alike. The notorious fraternal siblings were excellent cavers and rock climbers, often engaging in adventure sport competitions in their spare time, and worked together phenomenally when put to task. Alice, a fellow teaching assistant in the Linguistics department, was organized, diligent and had a famously short temper. Ben, on the other hand, a student coordinator but still studying part time, was rarely on time, suffered from chronic foot-in-mouth disease and was easily the most laid back and unwound person Adam knew. Ben also happened to be his hot water stealing roommate, so rather than coming to his aid on this occasion, he figured it was better to let him suffer his sister’s wrath and call it even. 
Coming up on the lecture theatre, he was relieved to see from a distance that the door was slightly ajar, so hopefully the professor had only just finished reviewing the last week’s topics and he had a chance to prepare himself. In such a hurry, he barely managed to look where he was going and nearly ran into a student texting on her iPhone. Attempting a maneuver that he really should not have, he managed to dodge her, but in doing so caught his feet on her bag and tripped. The girl looked at him funnily and walked away, clearly too engrossed in her mobile conversation to be of help. Notes and pens scattered everywhere he began to panic slightly, but took a deep breath and composed himself, ready to be assessed. Adam entered the theatre to be met not by fifty eager Ancient Culture 101 students, but his boss and foster father, Professor Tobias Hadley-Baldwin.
“You missed an interesting class my boy, introduction to pre-Mayan Mesoamerica,” said Professor Hadley-Baldwin, packing up his lecture notes.
“Well, you know, I figured catching it the last two years running, ancient Mesoamerica hasn’t really changed all that much,” Adam joked, trying to cover himself.
Hadley-Baldwin laughed, but only very briefly, as a courtesy. If he had picked up anything from years spent with the Professor, it was that this kind of laughter was a bad sign and often this would lead to very bad news. 
“The Dean dropped in. I think you should come with me, Adam.”
*
Adam followed the professor to his office; suitably for the Head of Ancient History and Theological Studies it was adorned with its own miniature library and a menagerie of relics and artefacts. It was an organized mess, appropriate for someone like Tobias Hadley-Baldwin, or H-B as the students casually referred to him. Professor Tobias Hadley-Baldwin was seventy two years old, but from his demeanor he could easily be mistaken for a man in his fifties. A repeat graduate of both Oxford University and Hadley College in the United Kingdom, his homeland, he was regarded as one of the most knowledgeable persons in his field, an idea acknowledged in his holding of a chair on the Magnus Council, the governing body for six institutes around the world, and holding a Knighthood which he rarely mentioned. Coming from a very prestigious family, he always kept his white hair short and neat, occasionally complementing it with a well-trimmed beard, though he was presently clean shaven. He was as much a boss to Adam as he was a friend and family member; the Hadley-Baldwin’s had taken him into his home after he had been left orphaned.
“Now Adam, I know you were hoping for a chance at the vacant lecturer’s position in this department following the, ah, retirement of Professor Clarke,” said H-B.
Adam rolled his eyes at the mention of the departed mythology lecturer. The man had seemingly gone completely insane, dressed up as a Seraph Priest and declared all of the students in the courtyard to be “a filthy gaggle of demented, heathen, communist freaks waiting to burn,” and announced his candidacy for Congress. The cleanout of ‘Father Clarke’s’ office had uncovered a large number of hidden whiskey bottles, sleeping tablets, cult literature and disturbing photographs of animals. It became a matter of police investigation soon after, but having friends in the government and deep pockets he had thus far managed to elude authorities in several states. H-B continued.
“Now you know me, I’m not one to get your hopes up just to shoot you down, so I won’t. You won’t be lecturing in his place. For now the position is to remain unfilled, at least until the end of the investigation, so as not to draw any additional negative media attention,”
Adam’s heart sank; he was counting on that position in order to complete his PhD. Four years spent completing the Magnus College Global Degree on a razor-thin scholarship, a course requiring attendance at each of the six Magnus Sister Colleges: Locke College in California, Hadley College in London, Kurtz College in Nuremburg, King College in Northern India, The Alexandria Institute in Cairo and the People’s Institute in Moscow, and all he had to show for it was a piece of paper with his name on it, a laughable amount of fieldwork experience, and a job as teaching assistant. Had he received the teaching position he could have kept moving forward, instead it seemed he was to remain in the rut he had been stuck in for two years. 
“Well I guess we now know how much loyalty is worth in this dump. Can I at least know why?” he asked indignantly, and immediately regretted his tone.
“Sorry,” he apologized.
Alice had been working on him controlling his bad habit of blurting out things without thinking of the consequences, picked up from Ben, and made a mental note that a statement like that was going to cost him a round at the bar later. H-B stared at him, an eyebrow raised.
“Quite alright, boy. Honestly, I don’t know. I recommended you for the position, we need someone who knows the minutiae of both Roman and Mayan mythology, and you were my star pupil. It seems that Colt has some other plan for you,” said H-B.
Eric Colt was the relatively new Dean of Locke College, starting in the position a month before Adam had returned from the last leg of his global degree. He was unsure of just what Colt thought of him, considering that their first meeting took place one early morning when Adam was drunk, wandering around the campus in search of Alice and Ben following a bad breakup. Adam’s estranged grandfather, Dr Adam Nigel Thorne, then the Head of Studies, had vouched for him; the only instance he could recall of his famed relative acknowledging his existence. 
The great Dr Thorne’s reputation had saved his grandson from the reprimand of campus security, but the younger Thorne took it with a chip on his shoulder – he felt he would always live in the shadow of his famed ancestor. Though there had been little to do between them his entire life, his grandfather’s death the previous year had hit him particularly hard, as he was Adam’s last remaining blood relative. Professor Hadley-Baldwin had taken Adam in and raised him following his mother’s death in Peru, Alec Thorne had died not long after he was born, and he was then left all but alone.
“Huh... probably wants to stick me on janitorial duties, right?” Adam said jokingly, but H-B’s expression remained unchanged. 
The professor pulled out a pair of tumblers and a bottle of scotch from a cabinet, pouring a measure into each and passing one to Adam.
“It’s well after five back home, so drink up. Eric also told me that you would no longer be my teaching assistant. At this stage I really don’t know what this means for you Adam, but I’m not entirely confident you still have a position within the teaching staff at all,” said H-B looking out of his window over the campus grounds.
Adam felt as though his stomach had been replaced with a lead brick. Sure, his job as teaching assistant was not taking him anywhere, but he did not have anywhere else to go. He was not vicious enough to make it in the high school circuit, and museum jobs were few and far between in his field.
“Can’t you do something Professor? I mean, you’re part of the Magnus Council, can’t you overrule him on that?” he pleaded, but H-B just stared down into his glass.
“That would be showing favoritism if I could, and I would, but internal staff appointments are out of my hands. Eric wishes to have a meeting with both of us tomorrow morning, I’d wager in regards to this, so you should prepare yourself. I suggest you take the rest of the day, consider your options. It’s not over until it’s over,” said H-B.
“Thanks, glad to know someone’s on my side. I might head to the Richelieu Fields, check on Lawrence,” said Adam, conceding defeat. 
H-B smiled. 
“A good plan. Tell him he needs to come home to his mother; he spends far too much time mucking about in those laboratories and chasing after girls,” said H-B, swirling his gin in the glass.
“You’re one to talk, I rarely see you leave campus to go anywhere that isn’t a library or conference,” said Adam.
H-B’s smile faded. He poured another measure of gin, pulled a notebook out of his drawer and began jotting down notes in his impossible shorthand.
“The difference is that I work, he plays. He doesn’t have to accept me as his stepfather, but he can at least show his mother some bloody respect,” said H-B, audibly irritated.
“I’ll pass on the message.” Adam said quickly. 
Wishing to avoid getting involved in another of the petty arguments between the pair, he excused himself.
*
“So, how’d all that go amigo? Celebration drinks tonight?” asked a mercifully familiar voice. 
Alice was waiting outside the office for him. She was a good looking girl, about the same height as Adam, with long wavy auburn hair, an athlete’s body hidden beneath a modest blouse and skirt, and dark blue eyes. She and Adam had been close friends for years; they had dated high school, and though they had drifted apart, they were now closer than ever. There were few secrets between them.
“Well, didn’t go quite as expected...” said Adam.
“So you got in?” Alice asked, cutting him off excitedly.
“No, actually the position is remaining vacant until they track Clarke down,” Adam sighed.
“Oh, that’s a shame. Guess you’ll just have to keep waiting in TA purgatory with me, then,” she said, pulling out her timetable. 
Figuring that Alice would probably get it out of him eventually, and that she would appreciate him being forthcoming, he decided to break the bad news now.
“I’m not going to be TA for H-B anymore. Colt’s having a meeting with both of us tomorrow. I talked to H-B about it and he doesn’t know what’s going to happen. Not gonna lie, I’m a little bit worried,” said Adam.
Alice looked genuinely concerned. She gave him a tight, reassuring hug. 
“Hey, don’t worry about it; H-B is on the Magnus council. Maybe you’re getting bumped up into a coordinator role. God knows Ben isn’t pulling his weight.”
“Yeah, I saw you were really tearing into him this morning. What’s the situation there?” Adam asked, curious as to what she had found her brother doing now.
Alice sighed. 
“Well, you know Steve, that jackass I was seeing a couple of months back? Ben decided to get together with the Gamma Phi boys to prank him, and they kind of dismantled his Hummer and rebuilt it inside a third level storage locker. Steve had to call five mechanics and a crane to get it out, cost something like eight grand,”
Adam thought for a moment. 
“Wait, isn’t Steve the one that cheated on you with the stripper?” he asked.
“There is a good reason he’s an ex now. Ben said he was doing it as revenge for me, but you know him. He was probably planning to do it anyway, he always hated Steve,” she explained, rolling her eyes.
“Yeah, so did I. He’s an Orange County douche with more money than brains, definitely had it coming,” he replied.
Adam was starting do regret suggesting the aforementioned prank to Ben in the first place, though not so much as he was wondering how they rebuilt that monstrous truck inside a storage locker. It would have been a fun night, to say the least. Alice laughed and smiled. 
“You know that’s not the point; Ben’s got to stop screwing around and grow up. It’s all well and good that the students love him, but they don’t respect him. Love the bastard, but I can’t bail him out forever, literally or figuratively,”
Adam took Alice’s hand. 
“Look, I’ll talk to him. Right now I’m going to head over and see Teagues though. Wanna come with?” he offered.
Alice stared into space for a moment, her mind wandering somewhere else, but then snapped back out of it. 
“Thanks, but no thanks. I have to clear out and catalogue the old storage rooms in the Museum building. Some poor bastards are getting them as an office until the renovations begin,”
“Sucks to be them. I’ll catch you tonight then, drinks at the student bar? Maybe we can find you a decent new man,” said Adam.
Alice bit her bottom lip and twisted her shoe on the floor.
 “Yeah, maybe. I don’t know, struck out three times now, maybe I should try batting for the other team,” she said.
“Nah, a buzz cut would never suit you. Just stick to what you know,” said Adam.
“That an offer, lover?” said Alice, with perhaps a little too much implication for Adam’s liking.
“Alice....”
“I’m kidding, geez. You live with my brother; it’d be too weird... now.”
Alice came up to Adam’s ear and whispered 
“Also, as I remember it, you snore,”
As she walked away, Adam considered walking after her, but conceded that they were probably going to be better off remaining as they were without complication. What they had now worked, nobody was going to get hurt, and they both knew that was all they needed.
CHAPTER 2: WEIRD SCIENCE



The Richelieu Yards stood roughly three miles south of the main campus of Locke College, so Adam went to borrow a bike from the student office. While they served officially as the engineering and applied science buildings for Locke, they were privately owned by the reclusive heir of the Gainsborough family, who had made their fortune in arms development during World War Two. They had funded all of the research and development undertaken within the grounds of Richelieu, and were a major contributor to Defense Network Development for the US government. The site had been operated and maintained for the last five years by a former French Air Force pilot, his adoptive brother, Captain Lawrence Teagues.
Teagues was one of the youngest graduates from MIT ever, with majors in physics, mathematics, mechanics and engineering at age twenty, and had been hailed as the Nikola Tesla of the Twenty First Century, but upon graduation immediately signed up to join the French Air Force, serving for a year as a commando and three as a combat pilot. Dual citizenship meant that he was able to maintain a number of contractor jobs in the US whilst still employed as an advanced flight instructor in France, but spent much of his time running Richelieu on behalf of both governments. Not even in his thirties, he was doing quite well for himself, with a salary that most could only dream of at the executive level.
Teagues’ role within the French Air Force was now that of a consultant for specialist training, which meant he would need to leave Richelieu to coordinate courses for fighter pilots in Europe, but never for long. Though he was one of the most skilled pilots in the world, his true passion lay in the art of invention. Upon taking post at Richelieu, he immediately had the runway extended to accommodate larger aircraft, and expanded the laboratories to triple their original size, including a large underground hangar commissioned by both governments for Research and Development. Richelieu under Teagues was one of the very few examples of civil cooperation between France and the United States after the falling out over the War in Iraq. Adam had never been inside the main hanger, so it remained as much a mystery to him as it had to the rest of the student population, but everyone had their theories.
Adam found his mark exactly where he expected him to be; chatting up his pretty new receptionist. Teagues always hated being called by his first name, the result of his mother’s obsession with the film Lawrence of Arabia, and insisted on being called by his last name. This also served to spite his stepfather, Professor Hadley-Baldwin, with whom he had a rather difficult relationship to say the least. Teagues was a very handsome man, an absolute lady-killer, and he knew it; his operational nickname as a commando had been Nova, shortened from Casanova. Knowing he would not be able to get a word in while Teagues was playing his games, Adam decided to save the young woman some heartbreak.
“So, Teagues, is this the latest one you were telling me about? That must be the third this month, but it’s hard to keep track. New record?” said Adam, casually strolling in.
The receptionist turned bright red, and Teagues white. Clearly Adam had just torpedoed Teagues’ chances with this new girl. The receptionist cleared her throat angrily and stormed into another room. Better this way, for her.
“Now why would you come here and do a thing like that, mon frère? And why should I not slap you silly? She was only the second,” Teagues growled.
“Because you were gonna break her heart anyway, you cartoonish old stereotype. And you like me too much,” he replied, appealing to better nature.
After a long death stare, Teagues gave a hearty laugh and slapped Adam on the back. It was a little harder than what would normally be considered friendly, but not so hard that it could be considered a violent act, more or less just brotherly horseplay. As Adam recovered from the blow, Teagues picked up a piece of paper and started manipulating it into new shapes.
“Ah well, the day is young, and I have a plethora of college girls just three miles away. Speaking of which, what brings you out here on a school day?” he asked.
Adam explained the situation as it currently stood, and Teagues listened intently. When he finished his story, he leaned against the reception desk and sighed heavily.
“You think you can invent me a new job? Because that would be just great,” Adam said, half-heartedly.
Teagues laughed again, still manipulating the tiny sheet with a single hand. He would often start doing origami when his mind was on other things, a habit he picked up from a friend at MIT. The result of his labors was a small post-it lion. How he did it was something Adam could never figure out, and just chalked it up to a perk of being a genius.
“I doubt you’re on the out, but this is a little perplexing. I mean, it is one thing to deny you a promotion, but to terminate your employment and hunt for someone else would be a poor move. No one wants to be a teacher’s assistant these days aside from brown-nosers. No offense,” said Teagues.
Adam was inclined to agree, and looked up when he heard the elevator to his left open to reveal three members of Richelieu staff engrossed in an indecipherable discussion about particle physics or something of that nature. One of them, computer genius Sam Dawson, came over to Teagues and whispered something to him. The level of secrecy that Teagues operated on could at times become a source of frustration, but there was nothing to do but it. After all, there were things being developed behind closed doors for two governments, and the threat of espionage always loomed. He seemed pleased with whatever he had been told.
“Merci Sam, good work; we’ll start testing it with the new OS as soon as it is compiled. As for you, mon frère, I have something to take your mind off things. Follow me,” said Teagues, dismissing Dawson and the others.
Teagues gestured towards the now empty elevator, 
“Really? You sure I should be going down there? Wouldn’t that be a violation of some international treaty?” Adam asked.
Teagues smiled and shook his head at the notion.
“We’re not going to the main hangar; we’re going to my private lab,”
Before he could say anything else, Adam was ushered into the white walled lift. Coupled with the LED lighting, it was blindingly bright. Neither of them spoke a word as they descended to the fourth level basement, which required an access code known only to Teagues. Teagues had once given him a hint as to what it was, in case anything should happen: the date of the greatest event in history. As well as he knew Teagues, the answer remained ambiguous. He had once hazarded a guess, the birth of his favorite supermodel, but the elevator alarm went off and he hadn’t made another attempt since.
*
Reaching the subterranean lab after a short ride, the pair was greeted with an unexpectedly cold gust, and Adam gave an audible shiver. 
“I am sorry; I need to keep at near-zero conditions down here for some of the more degradable substances. Half-life values and what have you,” Teagues apologized, grabbing a pair of insulated lab coats from a hook in the corridor. 
“Degradable substances? Half-lives? What are you doing down here now, Teagues?” Adam asked nervously. 
Teagues started going on about all kinds of technical jargon, trying to explain the degrading rate of certain power sources, chemical reactions, numerous words he was not sure actually existed, much of it going right over his head, so he just smiled and nodded. When Adam caught the word plutonium, however, he interrupted. 
“You’re playing around with plutonium again? What the hell man?” he exclaimed. 
The last time Teagues had done so had ended with a county-wide evacuation and Homeland Security coming down with some strongly worded warnings and threats of Guantanamo Bay. He just smiled ambiguously at the reaction. 
“You know what? The technical explanation for this is stuff beyond what most triple-doctorate physicists can comprehend. Let me show you,” he said.
The pair made their way down the corridor, the temperature seemingly dropping lower the further they went, and Adam grew more and more curious. Teagues rarely let anyone into his private lab, so this was going to be an exceptional experience no matter what; he did not have the slightest idea of what he was about to see, plutonium reference aside.
Teagues opened the door to a room filled with machinery the likes of which Adam had only seen in science fiction films. It was like entering every thirteen year old boy’s fantasy; such incredible technology with functions probably too complex for him to comprehend. Teagues wandered over to a contraption roughly the size of a small truck and started flicking various switches. His back still turned to Adam, he began speaking.
“Now, one of the greatest annoyances of modern mankind is international transportation, yes? Human traffic congestion in airports, pollution, severely limited and depleting fuel resources are all sources of frustration to the public, but none more so in my case than renewable energy. I believe I have found a solution to that last one, which will pave the way to larger, faster, more efficient air and watercraft. Ideally I would be using something like Tritium, or better yet Thorium, but this is an acceptable substitute considering the expense of the former two. Utilizing the power of enriched plutonium,”
“I’m not sure I like where this is going...” Adam muttered.
“Using the power of enriched plutonium, or any fissile material that meets the criteria, in a completely non-threatening context, we could have a source of fuel with an infinitely greater power output, with little to none of the pollution, and potentially a faster method for both commercial travel and military application. It could also be used to generate incredibly cheap and efficient power for more mundane purposes, superseding the National Electricity grids and so on. You know, boring but necessary stuff. The only problem comes from the fact that there is only so much fissile material found naturally on out fair planet, and to synthesize an appropriate alternative would take far greater resources than we presently have at our disposal,” said Teagues.
Adam was having a bit of trouble taking all of it in; Teagues seemed to have just torpedoed his own idea.
“Where are you going with this?” he asked, unable to process just what he was on about.
“Well, the idea of nuclear flight is nothing new; in fact there were several prototype aircraft built throughout the seventies and eighties. They all had flaws and limitations though, mostly difficulty in maintaining a constant, stable output of power. This is due to the fact that fissile materials gradually deplete in potency, and as a result nuclear flight technology has been considered little more than novelty from the Cold War. Here is the question I ask; what if we could continue using the material not only after it has passed its shelf life, but after it has already been used?” 
With a yank of the sheet, a large engine-like machine was revealed.
“I present to you the Exponential Generator Engine, a machine that requires only a kilogram of Plutonium to provide enough energy to power the continental United States for five years. Give or take a couple of months. A friend of mine at MIT had a theory that time travel might be possible with enough energy, and something like this could be instrumental in making that possible. After all, everything comes down to the numbers,” Teagues explained.
Adam raised an eyebrow at the final comment.
“Time travel? Really?” he asked, but the question fell upon deaf ears.
“The EGE is still in the prototype stage, but when it’s ready it will be able to power everything within a certain radius wirelessly without broadcasting anything harmful. I have every intent of installing one in a jet, if the FAA will stop being so afraid of progress,” said Teagues as he pulled a small canister from a case that looked like it was lined with lead. 
“This half kilogram piece is from one of the Soviet Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles that French Special Forces confiscated in a Black Ops mission, not long before the fall of the Berlin wall. I had some friends... acquire it for me. It seems that neither of our Presidents deemed it a good idea to give a private contractor such as myself access to such material. Now, watch this,”
Before Adam could act or protest Teagues dropped the canister into a recess in the machine and hit a switch, starting a quiet whirring in the large construct. The whirring was followed by a clicking and both built up into a pleasant hum. 
“Ah, E flat. Beautiful tone, no?” said Teagues, admiring his work. 
The pitch of the loudly humming machine was the last thing on Adam’s mind.
“Hey Teagues, is this supposed to be happening?” Adam asked nervously. 
His hair was starting to stand on end. Several of the other instruments in the room started to make noises, and Teagues’ eyes widened in fear. 
“Oh merde, that’s not supposed to happen… I have not yet finished the kill switch program for this… I doubt it will explode, but now would be a good time for you to run,” he said, leaping behind a console and typing frantically.
Adam did not have to be told twice. As he ran for the elevator, he tripped on a loose cable and grabbed a console to stop himself from falling. He must have hit a button on it, because lights started flashing on one of the machines, and a door like space started to shoot a series of crisscrossing beams of light across a white orb, from which arcs of electric plasma sprouted. Adam chanced a glance back towards Teagues, who was visibly panicked as he typed away like a madman at another console, the hum of the Exponential Generator Engine growing louder by the second. 
“Teagues, come on!” Adam called back.
“I can’t, I have to shut this thing down or the EMP will wipe all the data in Richelieu!” Teagues shouted.
Spying a large wrench on the ground, Adam decided to act. He picked up the heavy tool and slammed it down repeatedly on the malfunctioning machine. He thought it would be a futile effort, but it was better than nothing. Eventually he managed to break a welded seal, and the machine let off a large amount of steam before starting to quieten down to silence. As the haze cleared, they saw that the other machines had powered down. Adam dropped the wrench, and caught his breath. The adrenaline was still pumping through him.
“Well, um, buddy, I think it still needs a little work. A few, ah, kinks here and there,” said Adam.
“It is only a prototype. Next one will be smaller, I think, maybe with a big red kill button. I should… I should clean up,” said Teagues. 
He looked sheepishly over the damage Adam had done to the troublesome machine.
“Need any help?” Adam asked.
Teagues sucked in air through his teeth.
“No, no, perhaps you should go to see Benjamin. I hear that he has been up to no good,”
Adam thought about what Alice had told him of Ben’s recent shenanigans, and figured that he should probably try and do some damage control on that front. As he turned towards the elevator, Adam remembered what H-B had asked him to do.
“Hey, you want to hit up the student bar tonight? After a little family time with Emily and Tobias?”
Teagues’ somber mood turned immediately sour. 
“I shall see my mother when I see her. She understands the importance of what I do, even if Tobias does not,”
Adam backed out of the room quickly, having clearly hit a sensitive spot. He would have to enquire as to what was causing the latest war in the Hadley-Baldwin and Teagues household at some later date.
*
Unsurprisingly, Teagues did not show up at the bar that evening, instead sending his apologies via text message. He had been called to New York to discuss a new contract with an industrialist, leaving his friends with the ambiguous message ‘This could be the big one!’ Although the incident in the lab had taken his mind off his own situation for a while, Adam was still feeling tense. He had gone down to the bar early, to make sure Alice’s ex was not going to be present in order to avoid violent confrontation. Much as he would have loved to pick a fight with the moron, he had far too much on his mind for that. He ordered a Long Island Ice Tea, figuring that if he may be out of Locke College, he may as well take advantage of the staff bar tab privileges while he had it. After giving the all clear for the twins, they came in and he ordered a fresh round.
“Well, here’s to the uncertain future,” said Adam, raising a glass.
“Ah come on broseph, don’t be like that. Maybe they’re gonna stick you in the museum wing, they have been doing a lot of work clearing out space for offices there,” said Ben, ordering ‘the usual’ from the bartender. 
Alice hit him on the arm. 
“They? They? It was just me you idiot, you were supposed to be helping me!” and she stole Ben’s drink as the bartender slid it towards him, finishing it in an instant and pulling a face.
“And you drink the most disgusting things, what the hell is this?” said Alice, gagging slightly.
Ben shrugged and ordered another. 
“Well, it’s a measure of vodka, two measures of tequila, some Tabasco, and a splash of grenadine. Invented it after a Rage concert; I call it Zapata’s Blood. And I didn’t know I was supposed to be helping you there, you kinda left that part out when you were tearing into me this morning,” said Ben, clearly trying to provoke his sister.
Adam stared into the crystalline brown of his drink, and tried to block out the argument brewing next to him. He really did not need this right now, so he came to a decision.
“Hey guys, I’m just gonna head outside for a while, get some fresh air. Whoever survives this death match is free to join me,” he said, picking up his drink and walking outside as the twins continued to escalate their argument.
He leaned on a railing and stared out into the night. The security lights around campus gave the whole of Locke College an earthy glow; it seemed as though the whole place was a giant living thing, and he had never taken the time to appreciate that. Having spent the better part of his life in this place with the thought of possibly having to leave sinking in, Adam felt he was nearing his lowest point. He barely noticed the black haired girl coming and leaning next to him, until she spoke.
“Excuse me friend, do you have a light?” she asked, a hint of London in her voice. 
He had seen her on campus a few times before, probably a student in a different stream. Adam reached into his pocket and pulled out his gold Zippo lighter with an engraving: Everything Happens for a Reason. It had been given to Adam by his godfather Elliot the last time they had seen each other, just after his mother disappeared.
“Here,” Adam said, handing it to her.
“Interesting saying you’ve got engraved here,” the girl said as she looked the lighter over.
“Not that interesting,” he replied.
“I suppose it’s a matter of opinion. I’m Lara, by the way. I used to study at Cambridge, but I didn’t quite find what I was looking for there, so I’m trying a semester here. I feel this is where I’m supposed to be, and perhaps the thing I’m looking for is here,” she said, handing the lighter back to Adam and closing his fingers over it.
“That’s deep. Don’t know if that’s what you were going for, but it came off like it. I’m Adam. Former teacher’s assistant, currently awaiting Colt to put the final nail in the coffin. I thought you needed to use the lighter?” he asked, puzzled.
Lara shrugged and looked out towards the starts with him.
“Means to an end, have to lead with something; I wanted to start a conversation with you, and now I have,” she said, smiling at him.
Adam laughed. Maybe the day was not a total write off after all.

CHAPTER THREE: AN EYE FOR DETAIL



Fortunate enough to possess a very strong tolerance for alcohol and its aftereffects, Adam awoke the next morning feeling surprisingly refreshed. Ben, on the other hand, was missing from their on-campus apartment. No doubt he would show up later in the morning, covered in sharpie tattoos, as Adam recalled last seeing Ben partying with the freshmen as he and Alice had played pool whilst the English girl, Lara, watched. As usual, Alice mopped the floor with him. Lara had stayed the night in his apartment, but interested as she seemed to be in getting to know him, his mind was taken with other thoughts. She had asked a lot of questions, extracting from him most of his life story, even a little family history, but she had not given much in return, other than the fact the she was often on the move. She had slept on the couch and left before he woke that morning, and that was fine. Nothing seemed to have been stolen, at least. He put on a casual suit and respectable tie, figuring that if he at least looked like a professional it might help him stay employed. Today he would fight to keep his job. 
When he walked into the kitchen, he was surprised to find Alice’s wallet on the table. He made a note to return it to her; she must have left it there when they walked back from the bar. He looked around the small apartment: it was not much, but it was home, and he would be sad to leave it. Nothing could last forever, but the longer he could stick around this place, the better. After all, he could not think of anywhere else he could go. It seemed like a good idea to get this meeting out of the way fast, ripping off the Band-Aid, so he made his way to the Dean’s office.
Eric Colt’s office was located next to the original Locke College Building, in the center of the campus. It was one of the original features of the college, built upon its foundation at the same time as King, Kurtz and Hadley Colleges in 1879. It had proven itself an engineering challenge for its builders, as it was located atop a nigh impenetrable plateau, but some resourceful thinking had led to a magnificent construction of steel and sandstone above an artificial layer of hard packed topsoil, looking almost like a super-sized cathedral. The office itself was a more recent addition; a very up to date building designed by a post-modern architect, and had no defined edges on the outside, just smooth black concrete pockmarked by windows spiraling upwards. Officially it was called the Cochise Memorial Building, following a decision by an anonymous committee, but most of the students and staff referred to it as the Monolith, after the stark black object from 2001: A Space Odyssey. Standing before the Monolith, Adam braced himself for the worst, and walked in.
The Dean was standing in the atrium, admiring the newest acquisition on his part for the College: a mostly intact Mayan deity carving that had previously been owned by a collector. Adam noticed that this one was different from many that he had seen before, in that it had a strange text at the bottom, one that was clearly not Mayan. Adam cleared his throat. 
“Good morning Mr Thorne, nice to see you’re here early today,” said Colt.
“Well, it’s not every day you find out you’re about to lose your job, no point delaying it,” Adam replied.
Colt turned around to face him. In his mid-forties, he was a short man who kept his greying brown hair at shoulder length to complement his beard. He wore a drab brown suit and sensible brown loafers. Ben had once jokingly referred to him as Jedi Master Colt, and the image had stuck in his head.
“We’ll discuss the matter of your future at Locke College once Tobias arrives, but in the meantime I’d like you to have a look at this, give your opinion,” Colt said, gesturing towards the deity carving. 
Adam came closer and leaned in towards the carving. It resembled the head of a man wearing a headdress staring into nothingness, and was carved from a rare type of naturally black wood whose tree had had extinct some over five hundred years prior to European contact. It was not Mayan, that much was certain, and something definitely seemed off about it, but he could not quite pick what it was. The language, the craftsmanship… the eyes... it was something about the eyes.
“There is something carved into the pupils, some kind of symbol that looks.... almost.... No, it can’t be,” said Adam, trailing off.
“What?” Colt asked.
Adam pulled out the pair of glasses he used for reading small text from his pocket and leaned in even closer to the carving.
“It almost looks like it could be Alfexan script. Strange people; had an empire spread across both the North and South American continents long before the pyramids were built. They left pretty much nothing in the way of artefacts or ruins and only through recent excavation have we found anything in the way of proving their existence. Outside of Mesoamerican myth and legend, that is.” Adam explained.
“Is that so? Tell me, what else do you know about the Alfexa?” Colt asked, leaning closer to the artefact.
Adam shrugged. 
“Not a lot really, they were the subject of my grandfather’s studies early in his career, which he abandoned, and my mother died looking for them when I was a kid. I only ever heard snippets from gramps, one of which was that they would carve the names of their gods into the eyes of carvings like this, and I remember seeing similar symbols in my mother’s notes. Due to the distance of years between the Alfexa and the nearest known subsequent civilizations, the language is all but untranslatable,” he continued.
“Go on,” Colt pressed.
“Well, as you know, the Aztecs moved in to the existing Mayan structures after they died out, and the theory is that the Maya had followed a succession of Mesoamerican empires scavenging from those who came before. What’s probably happened here is that this particular piece was bundled with Mayan, or Olmec, or Aztec, or maybe Incan pieces pillaged during European colonization. Our recently deceased collector may never have bothered with any kind of authenticity check,” he finished.
“You have a very good eye for detail Mr Thorne. Most impressive indeed,” said Colt, smiling.
Adam did not understand. If Colt was going to fire him, why was he being so nice? He thought perhaps Colt was trying to soften the blow, trying to make things easier. Adam hated the idea of being coddled like that. The door slid open behind them, letting in a cool morning breeze.
“Sorry I’m late; Emily won’t let me leave without breakfast, hides my keys,” said H-B.
The professor strolled into the atrium, briefcase in hand and a stern look on his face.
“First of all Eric, If Thorne goes, I go,” said H-B, immediately cutting to the chase.
“Now Tobias...” Colt started, but H-B cut him off.
“Let me finish. You may have brought this institute a great deal of additional funding, but all the money in the world is useless at a scholarly institution if we don’t have good teachers. Sure he’s not perfect, he still has a lot to learn, but under my guidance I assure you I will make a department head out of him in the long run! If you don’t like it, I am more than willing to raise hell with the Magnus Council,” H-B finished.
Adam was both touched stunned; he had not expected the professor to defend him with such passion. Colt maintained his poker face.
“Tobias I’m going to stop you right there. No one is getting fired, and I certainly hope nobody is resigning, though I do have some serious pruning to do in the Arts faculty. If you would both kindly follow me into my office, I will explain.”
*
Colt’s office was a stark contrast to H-B’s, a post-modernist wonderland. There was not a single edge on the walls, which could slide to the side with a push of a button to reveal a vast library and various awards that Colt had collected over the years. A magnificent oak boardroom table made up the centerpiece, surrounded by black leather chairs. Colt ushered Adam and H-B into the seats, and took one himself opposite to them.
“Alright Eric, if you’re not firing the boy, what exactly are you up to?” asked H-B.
Colt hit a button on the control panel in front of him, lowering a large LED television behind him. He hit another button, and an image of the old museum building appeared.
“Gentlemen, you are both familiar with our old museum site, which had fallen into disrepair several years back due to the neglect from the previous administration,”
He clicked another button and the screen changed to a new image; a computer rendered view of the museum’s future facade.
“We have a significant number of historical artefacts here at Locke College, a great number of archaeologists from around the world send us more each year for cataloguing and distribution to museums. Now, we have recently lost several members of the old guard of Locke College who would have been perfect to fill the roles required here as Curator, Deputy Curator and New Acquisition Researcher. For the time being, the Curator positions do not need to be filled, as the museum isn’t to formally reopen for another two years yet, once the new façade is completed. In the meantime, we have an incredible backlog of uncategorized items; enough that just to catch up would be a full time job,” Colt paused.
Adam’s heart began to rise, but he tried to maintain a poker face and not seem too eager.
“The New Acquisition Researcher job requires a keen eye and a strong knowledge of historical intricacies, and as you have proven to me this morning Adam you have a real eye for detail. It took Tobias over an hour to pick up on the symbols carved into the deity sculpture’s eye. I would like to offer you this position. Do you accept?” asked Colt.
Adam was in shock, unsure of how to react. This was a better outcome than he could have ever hoped for, from thinking he was about to lose everything to gaining a very well respected position within the College. He looked to H-B for his opinion, and the professor gave a nod.
“I, well, yes! Definitely, absolutely, without a doubt. I’m your man!” said Adam, barely able to contain his joy.
“Excellent, I’d hoped you would. My apologies for scaring you with the thought of losing your position within Locke, Adam. You are a valued member of our teaching community, but I believe this position will likely suit you a lot better for the time being,” said Colt.
“Thank you, Dean Colt, I won’t disappoint you,” said Adam. 
The deal was sealed with a handshake for the time being, new contracts to be written up at some later date. H-B’s stone face, which he had maintained since his arrival that morning, broke into a broad smile. He gave Adam a congratulatory pat on the back and stood up to leave, but Colt signaled for him to sit back down again. 
“Now Tobias, I asked you to sit in on this for a reason, I’m not finished yet,” said Colt.
H-B sat back down, his curiosity clearly piqued. Following Adam’s new appointment, he was curious as to what Colt had wanted with his mentor. Colt stood up and walked to the curved window, looking out onto the campus.
“Tobias, you’re at present the longest serving staff member at Locke College, correct?” Colt asked.
“Yes, Eric, barring the three years I studied and taught at King and four doing the same at Hadley, I’ve been here for thirty two years,” said H-B.
“I would have preferred to do it as a surprise, but the board needs certain personal permissions for all of the pomp and circumstance. Tobias you’re being inducted as the Magnus Patron next year,” said Colt.
The title of Magnus Patron was a very rare honor, awarded once every ten years. For H-B to receive it was a particular honor, considering that up until now it had been an exclusively posthumous award.
“Really, Eric, this is not necessary. I do what I do because I love it; I’ve never been in it for the glory,” said H-B, humbled.
“Like it or not old friend, the Council has been in contact and informed me of their decision yesterday morning. All it is really is two more letters you can add to your title. Just add Magnus to the list with your PhD’s, Knighthood, OBE, et cetera,” said Colt.
H-B twirled a pen in his hands, Adam recognized it as the one he and Alice had ordered specially engraved for him upon receiving his Knighthood. A small token, but H-B always seemed to have it with him.
“I’ll never allow myself to be called anything other than Professor, Eric, because my passions will always lie in history and academia. On that note, I have examinations to grade, and must depart. Congratulations on your new appointment, Adam,” he said.
Before Colt could stop him, H-B stood up and excused himself, leaving through the opaque glass door. Colt stared after him for a moment, but shrugged and then returned his attention to Adam.
“Well, that was unexpected. I was sure he’d be more excited about it,” said Colt.
Adam considered it for a moment. 
“He’s always been a bit funny about things like that; he likes to stay out of the spotlight,”
Colt laughed.
“Oh well, some people are hard to please. Now, back to you. The job starts from tomorrow, and I believe you’re going to need at least two part time research assistants working with you to get through the backlog. Is there anyone in particular you would like working under you? Or would you prefer it if I held open applications?” asked Colt.
Adam thought about it for a moment. If he held open applications, that would involve a lot of interviews on his part, and prove to be very time consuming. He was keen to get the ball rolling.
“I don’t think so. Alice Crane is a serious team player, and recently hinted to me that she is in need of some more structured activity. She’s a fellow Teaching Assistant, works with Dr Eisner in linguistics. So I think she’d be a good candidate for the job,” said Adam.
Colt tapped out her name on his smartphone.
“Very good, I am familiar with Miss Crane... though more so with her brother. And the other?” Colt asked.
Adam thought quite hard about who he could choose for his second assistant. He knew Ben would be available and enthusiastic, but this sort of thing was far from his strengths, mostly because it required a lot of organization and sitting still for long periods of time. Colt made a suggestion.
“We could always import someone from another Magnus institute. Sir Birmingham at Hadley has been raving about one of his up and coming graduates, a Miss Evelyn Strahm, finishing her doctorate right now. I believe the pair of you studied together,” he said.
Adam’s stomach did a back flip at the mention of her name.
“No, not her. We don’t work well together,” said Adam. 
That was one old wound he did not need to reopen.
“Okay then. What about..... Jeff Elton? I believe he retired from his post at Hadley to work as a corporate consultant, not sure what a historian is going to consult on exactly, but he would be more than qualified to take up a short term position here,” Colt suggested.
Adam remembered Elton, a real piece of work. The old letch had openly hit on his then fiancé in England prior to their breakup, and was a real glory hog. He had stolen a great deal notes from his former research partner, Adam’s grandfather, following his death, and Adam and Teagues had personally chased him off campus. 
“Absolutely not. We can handle the workload Dean Colt, trust me. Alice has a way of organizing things to be a lot more efficient than they should be, and if push comes to shove we have her brother Ben close by,” he said.
“If you’re sure. You’ll find your new office clear and ready for you to start this afternoon, but I’ll give you the day to settle. Will you be informing Miss Crane of her appointment or shall I?” Colt asked.
Adam remembered that Alice’s wallet was still on his kitchen table.
“I’ve got to go see her today anyway, drop something off, so I’ll do it,”
Adam thanked the Dean one last time for the opportunity that had been granted to him and walked out of the room feeling like a new man.

CHAPTER FOUR: GIFTS AND BURDENS



Three days into their new job, Adam and Alice were far behind where they wanted to be in sorting out the incredible piles of uncategorized junk. Colt had not been joking when he said there was a backlog of unprocessed artefacts; after four years of neglect there were easily over a thousand items accumulated, perhaps two by their best estimates. The biggest challenge so far had been trying to date them all. Alice was getting frustrated.
“It’s bad enough I had to clear out all of the junk in our office the last few days, and now we have to try and organize this hideous mess,” she grumbled, obscured by the maze of crates and boxes.
“Agreed, this sucks,” Adam replied.
He had to admit that he too was starting to find the job more overwhelming than anticipated. The first two days they had spent spreading all of the items through the empty main hall in order to vaguely catalogue them. This was a job which should have only taken a single day, but janitors had moved everything around overnight, leading to Alice going for blood with the custodial staff the next day. They were now too afraid to even approach the building following her tirade. The third day they had decided upon a system of organization that would help them sort through all of the junk with relative ease.
Because a lot of the unsorted artefacts had either lost their tags or had been mixed up into the wrong categories, the pair would have to start from scratch on at least two thirds of the pile. By some divine mercy, however, they would be able to sort through the majority of the labelled items within the week. A real annoyance that they had discovered was the number of fakes amongst the artefacts. Finding another Egyptian piece clearly made in the 1920’s in Atlantic City as opposed to its label’s claim of coming from Tutankhamen’s tomb, Adam let out a heavy sigh.
“We’re gonna need to review the criteria for acceptance; all new artefacts have to come with some better proof of authenticity,” he said, throwing it onto the junk pile.
“Agreed. Look, it’s getting late; you want me to grab some coffee?” asked Alice, wearily.
Adam checked his watch, dreading what it would say – it was five minutes to midnight. They had been attempting to sort for sixteen hours now, another three hours later than they had planned for the day. They were nowhere near getting through the clutter.
“No, don’t worry about it Alice, you go rest. I’m nearly at the bottom of this pile of the most recent stuff so I’ll get it out of the way, and we’ll start again at nine,” said Adam.
“Alright, but don’t overwork yourself, there’s no point trying to carry the whole damn world on your shoulders,” said Alice, sitting atop a crate.
Adam gave a tired chuckle.
 “Heh, this is hardly the world. A small continent, maybe. I’d call it a big island. I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said.
Alice picked up her things and walked out; glancing back at Adam for a moment as she passed through the door and closed it behind her. He was glad to be able to work with a friend that had such a good attitude, but regretting that he had not chosen a second assistant to help them. Still, as soon as could sort through the incredible backlog of junk, everything would become easier. If not, then he would bring Ben in.
He turned back to his pile, and saw a large crate that seemed to be calling his attention. The crate was one of the most recent deliveries, from two months previously, stamped with the black and gold eagle logo of Hart Industries. The college had never received an item from Hart Industries before, but everyone knew about the company. Founded not long before the Magnus colleges, Hart Industries had made an absolute killing during every major conflict of the last century and a half, selling raw and processed material to both sides during wars and securing the valuable contracts for rebuilding afterwards. They were the most profitable industrial contractor in the world, and in the last fifty years had expanded into scientific R&D, funding seemingly endless advancement in engineering, mechanics and medicine. The estimated value for the company and all of its holdings was so great that it could not be listed on the stock market, a dollar value rumored to be in the low trillions.
It seemed was so strange that something from Hart Industries would to be sent to Locke at all; they were the military industrial complex given form, not known for having any archaeological interests. Adam checked the details stamped on the side of the crate:
AIR FREIGHT DELIVERY C/O PINKMAN CHARTER AIRWAYS
RECIPIENT: DR J. ELTON A. THORNE, LOCKE COLLEGE CA
CONTENTS: CLASSIFIED
POINT OF ORIGIN: FREMANTLE, AUSTRALIA
It seemed that the original intent had been for the crate to go to Elton, but someone had hurriedly crossed out that name and replaced it. The people at Hart Industries must have been behind the times if they had addressed it to his grandfather, who had by that point been long deceased. They could not have addressed it to Adam himself, because he was just a teaching assistant when the crate was sent out. He figured he probably should not open it before clearing it with some Hart people just in case, but he did not have any way to get in contact with them. And the crate was technically addressed to him, after all. His curiosity was overwhelming. Throwing caution to the wind, he reached for a crowbar and pried the crate open. 
A wave of packing foam spilled onto the floor; Alice would not be too happy about that. What the foam had been protecting, however, was the most extraordinary thing Adam had ever seen. It looked like a treasure chest, but the way it had been constructed it seemed to have no seams, no imperfections, as if it had been grown rather than built. There were a series of strange glyphic symbols carved into it, none of which he recognized. Most intriguingly there was an ornate Golden emblem, consisting of a triangle with an ellipse taken out of the bottom, and another semicircle connected to the center of that. It was placed where a lock or latch would normally have been. 

There did not seem to be any way to actually open the chest. Even with the set of jeweler’s magnifying glasses Alice had been using earlier, the kind normally used to look for imperfections in diamonds, he could not find a single point where the chest could be pried open. Adam considered calling Alice back, but decided he should let her rest. He needed to know what was inside; something in his gut told him it was important. The whole situation was becoming frustrating, especially when even kicking the thing would not cause it to budge. Figuring a running kick might do something, Adam went to the far side of the room to get a decent run up. The voice at the back of his head was telling him that this was not going to end well, but he ignored it. A part of him knew should have listened to that voice.
Had he been smart and swept away the packing foam in his path, it might not have happened, but just a few feet away from the chest he slipped on the white foamy beads, crashing headfirst into the edge of the chest, which was a lot sharper than it looked.
“God damn it, shit!” Adam swore loudly as he felt the warm trickle of blood start to drip out of the deep gash above his left eye.
He wiped away the blood with his hand and used the chest to support himself as he got to his feet. His palm was slicked with blood, some of which had rubbed off onto the chest, so Adam figured he would have to drop by the medical center and hope that there were not too many frat boys having their stomachs pumped for him to get some stitches. 
A strange humming noise began behind him, and the sound of indecipherable whispers filled his ears. At first he dismissed it as the start of a concussion, but then he felt the chest below him getting warm. He stood back from it and saw something impossible. Different characters of the glyphic language flashed in succession around the edge of the chest. Before long the hum reached its climax, the whispers stopped, and the golden emblem, now smeared with his blood, sank into the chest and made the lid dislodge slightly. Acting without thought Adam opened the chest, and what he saw inside seemed unreal.
It was lined with a strange material he had never seen before, softer than anything and colored slate grey. There were two indentations within it: one containing a small, grey codex bound with some kind of ancient leather, which was amazing in itself, but it was the item in the other indentation that really drew Adam’s attention. A triangular amulet, maybe two-by-three inches, shaped exactly like the emblem on the chest, made from what looked like white gold with a blood red ruby in the very center of it, attached to a grey metallic chain. Adam picked up the alluring item. The craftsmanship was amazing, and like the chest in which it had been placed the amulet seemed to be absolutely flawless. Looking at it closely he noticed that there was something written very finely on it. Adam picked up the jeweler’s glasses again to get a better look.
The strange glyphs made no sense to him; as best as he could tell, they were a similar language to what was written on the chest, entirely unfamiliar to him. It was a cloudless night, so he held it up to the light of the full moon shining in through the window to get a better look at it, the dim museum’s lighting doing little more than cause a headache. When it caught the glow of the moon, Adam’s head started to spin a little bit. He ignored it. There was something hypnotic about the amulet, especially in the moonlight. It kept drawing him in, as if it wanted to show him something. Adam began to feel strange. His head was spinning and he felt a sudden weight in his entire body as if he were being pulled down. It became too much to bear, and he blacked out.
*
Darkness, all consuming. No, not entirely, there were voices... they were talking about him.
“And so at last, it begins,” said one voice, ethereal and distant.
“Is he the one? I do not sense the presence of the other. How can you be sure?” asked a rougher voice.
“We cannot. Whether he embraces this burden is his choice alone; we can only hope. Time is running out; whatever choice he makes, it must be made soon,” said the first voice.
“So be it. Show him what he needs to see,” said the second voice.
“He will not fully remember, he is not yet capable,” said the first voice.
“Before the end he will, once shadows and dust have taken form once more,” said the second voice, fading away.
It felt as though something was coming closer to him, and the first voice spoke again.
“That you must suffer for our mistakes, for our hubris… I am truly sorry,” it said.
Adam came to in a strange place. A temple, or a cathedral, definitely some place of great ceremony and ritual. Built before humanity as we know it walked the Earth, by those who still watch over it from afar. There were dozens of pillars surrounding a great pit from which a fiery haze was rising. Adam saw an altar at the center of the magnificent chamber, supported above the pit by twin bridges. He moved across it, but he did not feel like he was walking. It was like an out of body experience. There was an inscription upon the altar, written in the glyphic language, some of which now made sense.

This is where it began, where it shall end.
Tools of Salvation.
Tools of Destruction.
Creation.
 Transformation. 
Oblivion.
The Light and the Dark, dancing forever in chaotic union.
What is right is not always good.
What is wrong is not always evil.
In the end, a choice must be made.
One must fall. 

Adam felt the room begin to spin around him. As he looked around he saw several figures obscured by the shadows and others standing in the light. He knew their faces, but could not place them. The two forces clashed violently, the scenes in silhouette constantly changing, and many of the figures fell away. It was impossible to tell what was truly happening, and then there was nothing but darkness.
*
“Adam? Bro? Alice, he’s waking up!” Ben called out.
The strange dream Adam had awoken from quickly began to fade from memory, and he was seeing spots, his head still spinning, but looking about he realized he was no longer in the museum; he was in the medical center infirmary. Ben and Teagues were by his side. Teagues had littered the bedside table with origami. He looked at the clock, it said 1030. With that, along with the bright light shining in from outside, he deduced that it was morning.
“You gave us a scare there, mon frère, you were out cold for the last two days,” said Teagues
“What? Two days?” said Adam, shaking his head. 
When he sat up he felt a weight on his chest; he was wearing the amulet. Alice walked in the room, looking relieved, and came quickly to his side.
“I came back not long after I left you the other night, to try and drag you home to get some sleep, and I found you passed out and bleeding next to a crate. What the hell happened?” she asked, concerned.
“Ah, you know how it is; we’re in a pretty dangerous profession, life-threatening even. Actually I tried to open that weird chest thing from Hart Industries, and-” Adam began, but he was cut off.
“And I have representatives from Hart Industries coming in two days from now to collect said chest. It seems there was some logistical error,”
Colt had entered the room, looking rather disappointed and carrying a large stack of paperwork.
“Mr Thorne, you will need to explain to them why you opened a delivery that we were supposed to forward to their headquarters in New York,” Said Colt.
Adam was confused.
“What? Forward it to New York? It was addressed to us here, and there were no instructions,” said Adam. 
A knot started forming in his stomach.
“Apparently your late grandfather had made special arrangements with Lucius Hart to inspect certain items for authenticity before sending them on to New York. Arrangements that he neglected to inform anyone of prior to his passing,” Colt explained.
Adam started to worry. He had only just begun this new job and did not want to lose it over such a trivial mistake.
“Well, we can’t really be blamed if we didn’t know right?” said Adam.
Colt let out a heavy sigh. This was a bad sign.
“Technically we are not at fault, but Lucius Hart is an aggressive businessman with deep pockets. He could sue us out of existence, or buy and liquidate us on a whim. I’m glad you’re alright, Adam, that’s the most important thing, but we may be in a very serious situation now. They’ll be in to speak to you in two days; you’d best prepare yourself,” said Colt. 
He was a very pragmatic person, and if he needed someone to take the fall this unpleasant situation it would more than likely be Adam.
Colt walked out, giving Teagues a short nod which he more or less ignored. Adam lay back down on the bed and closed his eyes to think. Suddenly he wished he had remained comatose.
CHAPTER FIVE: MATHIS AND MACPHERSON



When Adam returned to the museum two days later he saw that the chest had been closed once more, as if it had never been opened. In fact, he could not find a trace of the blood he had stained it with anywhere on the surface. Perhaps the janitors had returned, or perhaps Alice had cleaned up the mess in his absence. 
“Hey Alice you here? What happened to the chest?” he asked
She appeared from behind a pile of unsorted junk.
“Oh, hey, didn’t hear you come in. What chest?” she replied, only half paying attention to him.
“The one that was sitting next to the Hart crate, which it arrived in. You know, why I’m in the bad books right now. It was open before,” said Adam.
Alice had to think for a moment.
“Oh yeah, that. We accidentally knocked it shut when we hauled your ass to the medical wing. You were slightly higher priority to us at that point in time,” she said, picking up a pad and jotting something down.
Adam bit his tongue out of annoyance, but conceded that Alice had acted in concern for his safety so he was better off letting it go. She always put the wellbeing of those around her first. It was something he could never fault her for.
“So, uh, what was in it?” she asked.
Adam must have zoned out for a moment, because all of a sudden Alice was right next to him.
“Whoa, hey, don’t do that. Recent victim of head trauma here; no sudden movements,” said Adam.
“Well excuse me, princess. Anyway, that was two days ago, get over yourself,” she retorted, feigning offense.
“Oh, I’m the princess now?” he asked.
After a silent moment, Alice laughed, and so did Adam. It was always nice to have a back and forth like that with her.
“Well, that chest is the kind of thing that you have to see to believe. Come on, I’ll show you,” he said.
He led her around to the crate, and tried to depress the emblem once again, but it would not budge. He tried kicking it, but still nothing. Adam remembered the circumstances under which it had opened the first time, and decided to do something reasonably stupid. He searched around for a sharp object, like a knife or an artefact with a broken edge, and saw a green box cutter lying on its side near his feet. He picked it up. Alice gave him a funny look.
“You sure you want to jimmy it open with that?” she asked
“Oh, no, that’s not what that is for,” said Adam.
He took a deep breath and made a small, shallow cut on his left palm, enough to draw blood without causing too much pain.
“Holy shit, what are you doing?” she asked, grabbing the box cutter from him and giving him a look that clearly wondered whether his head injury had scrambled his brain. 
The same thought was running through his mind, but it was too late to back out now. He placed his bloody palm once again on the emblem, and this time it did sink into the recess. Oddly though, the flashing light show did not reoccur.
“Huh, that’s odd. It didn’t do the flashy-lighty thing. Oh well,” said Adam.
Alice was still looking into the chest in awe, which was a notable thing considering how difficult it could be to genuinely impress her. She silently came closer to it and picked up the codex, delicately opening the cover.
“Oh my God Adam, do you know what this is?” she asked.
“A service and registration history for the chest? I have no idea.” he replied.
Alice rolled her eyes.
“You should know this, H-B used to use one in his 101 class. It’s a Roman era codex, like a handwritten novel or diary. A lot of these were destroyed during the sacking of Rome, only a few dozen surviving to the Byzantine Empire and following that they became near impossible to find intact. And in such good condition....” Alice explained.
Adam was confused.
“Wait a minute, wait a minute, Roman? As in Caesar? Do as they do? Alice, this chest is definitely not Roman,”
Alice stood back and looked at the chest.
“No, not as far as I can tell. It’s weird, almost looks like it’s organic. As if it was always like this, in this form. And it opened with your blood, which is just scary,” she said.
Adam was glad they were on the same train of thought now. Alice returned her attention to the codex and began reading the first page. 
“Marcus Octavius.... why does that name sound familiar?” Alice muttered.
“What?”
Alice indicated for him to come over and look, and he peered over her shoulder at the intricate handwriting that said:

Marcus Octavius Lunaris
Legatus Legionus
Praetorian Maximus Legion

Adam recognized the name; there was something distinctly familiar about it, but he was not sure where he might have heard it. Alice was deep in thought for a moment.
“Legatus.... I think that means commander. But I’ve never heard of the Praetorian Maximus Legion, let alone there being more than one. Maybe we should ask Tobias?” he suggested.
Alice turned the page and instead of further handwritten Latin text, she found the strange script that had been written on the chest.
“Now what fresh hell is this?” she asked, squinting at it.
“I don’t know; looks like the same thing is on the chest, it’s nothing I’ve ever seen before,”
Alice kept turning pages to see if it continued, and every single page was filled with the unknown cipher. She passed the codex to Adam, and when she did a folded piece of loose scrap paper fell out.
“Oh shit, sorry, I should have been more careful with that, is it alright?” Alice apologized.
Adam picked up the scrap and inspected it, and his eyes widened with surprise.
“Hang on, look at this, it’s more Latin, and it looks like it may be the same handwriting in the front of the codex. Can you translate it? I trust your Latin better than mine,”
Alice carefully took the ancient scrap of paper to a desk, pulled out a pad and started jotting down her translation. Adam pulled the amulet out of his pocket and brushed it off. He didn’t need to polish it, as its gold surface had remained unblemished, but out of some strange sense that this was a precious item to him, he did so anyway. Alice soon finished and handed him the finished translation.
I have served under a great man, he has shown me great things, but I now see that his heart and mind have been corrupted beyond salvation. What began as pillar of hope for the Rome and its people has become an unfathomable quest with a cost too great to pay. My only hope is the loss of his most treasured prizes will cure him of this madness, or perhaps lead him lead him on a new course, but no matter the outcome I know my life is forfeit. 
We have taken additional steps to ensure they cannot retrieve the Key of Elysia; it is the greatest gift and burden of them all, and I pray the gods show greater mercy to the next bearer than I. It has been ordained that the fate of all things will come down to a choice, and I can only hope that I have made the right one. If I have not, pray that you find guidance in the Script of Elysia, language of the Gods long departed. Glory to Rome and all of her people. – Marcus.
“This is pretty weird, Adam, have you ever heard of any Script of Elysia? I assume that’s what this language is. I don’t know what he’s talking about with the Key though. Maybe there’s another chest out there somewhere?” Alice suggested.
Adam placed the amulet in her hands, and she held it up to the light.
“Whoa....”
There was a knock on the door. Adam quickly grabbed the Codex and the Amulet from Alice, placed them inside the chest and shut it part way.
“What are you-?”
“That could be the Hart people; we weren’t supposed to open this. Just play along like you haven’t seen anything.” Adam said, pushing the chest back towards its crate.
“What about the translation?” she asked hurriedly. Adam thought for a second. 
“Hide it,” he said.
Alice looked around, and then placed the small pad down the top of her blouse. Adam looked at her strangely and she glared at him.
“What? No one’s going to look down there, if they know what’s good for their health,” she said defensively.
“There are plenty of drawers, or other crates, or even stack of paper you could have hid-”
The doors opened, and Colt entered the hall followed by two men in suits.
“And here they are now. Mr Thorne, Miss Crane, I’d like to introduce you to Mr Mathis and Mr Macpherson. If you’d all come with me, I’m sure we can sort this out.”
*
The group went from the museum to the Locke College building, where they could use one of the old conference rooms to hammer things out. When they arrived, H-B was waiting for them.
“Ah, Tobias, I’m glad you made it.” Said Colt.
H-B eyed Colt coldly.
“You didn’t give me a lot of notice. I had to stick Ben Crane the not-so-brilliant in my place to teach a seminar on Alexander the Great,”
Alice gave a stifled giggle when she heard H-B say that. The group continued into the conference room. It was nothing particularly special, built just before the turn of the nineteenth century. The only thing that really made it different from any other room was that it had not been updated with any modern amenities to complement the progression of technology. It was arguably the most primitive room on the entire campus, and was rarely actually used for its intended purpose: though it was originally designed as a conference room, it had been used mostly as a storage space for cartography equipment. Colt had for the day cleared the conference table to allow this meeting to take place.
Adam tried to gauge Mathis and Macpherson. Riley Mathis was a relatively short man with a stocky build with neatly cropped hair, a dark suit and an expression that said he would sooner be away from this place. Cassius Macpherson on the other hand was a very tall, well-built African American man, completely bald with very bright eyes. His expression was more one of intrigue than displeasure, but his onyx suit and red tie coupled with a serious demeanor indicated he was clearly here on business. Colt stood at the head of the table to speak.
“First of all, I’d like to thank you for coming out to our fine campus, established in the late nineteenth century, we-” he began, but Mathis cut him off. 
“We’re not here for a grand tour, Dean Colt, so I’ll just stop you right there. Mr Hart is expecting his delivery, which is already two months overdue,”
Colt sat down, quietly shocked at the fact someone had cut him off and talked him down. Macpherson waved Mathis down.
“You must forgive my associate; we are running on a tight schedule and need to retrieve the crate and its contents as soon as possible,” said Macpherson. 
He had a very gentle, refined tone to his voice, and a hint of West Africa in his accent, though only a hint. He must been raised, or at least have spent a significant amount of his life, on the East Coast, perhaps Philadelphia. Alice quickly gave her two cents.
“What possible rush could someone have for an ancient treasure chest?”
Mathis suddenly glared at her, a fire in his eyes.
“You mean you opened it?” he asked, sharply.
Adam quickly chimed in to save the situation.
“No, she didn’t, it was me. Let me explain,” he interjected.
Mathis snorted.
“This should be good,”
Macpherson signaled for him to hush. 
“Riley, please. Go ahead, Dr Thorne, we’re happy to hear you out,”
Adam was slightly embarrassed. 
“Well, I’m not the Dr Thorne you’re thinking of. Actually not a doctor at all yet, early stages of a research degree. The crate was addressed to my grandfather, Adam Nigel Thorne, who held a notable position here until he passed away a little while back,”
He paused for a second, seeing if he could get off the hook using the sympathy card, but quickly saw that it was not going to happen. Worth a try, he thought. He continued.
“At some stage in the past, my grandfather and Mr Hart set up some kind of arrangement in which he would inspect relics sent to him for authenticity before sending them on. This package of yours arrived at Locke not too long ago, and as New Acquisition Researcher it’s my job to sort through and catalogue everything that passes through our museum section. Yes, I opened the crate, and I opened the chest, so I could begin the cataloguing process,”
Mathis stirred in his seat, though Macpherson remained still, observing him carefully. Adam went on.
“Had I known of the arrangement I would have made sure the crate was sent on unopened, but as I was unaware I simply did my job. I took action, it was in retrospect a foolish mistake, and I take full responsibility for that,”
A part of him regretted placing the blame entirely on himself, as he might have just completely torpedoed his career, but he was not about to let the others take the fall for it. He made eye contact with Macpherson first, and could not divine his reaction, but Mathis was clearly annoyed.
“Well then Mister Thorne, thank you for that story, but Lucius Hart has no time for foolish mistakes. He paid a great deal to get that chest, and will not accept anything less than the immediate achievement of that objective. We will retrieve the chest and its contents now, and you will be hearing from our lawyers,” he said. 
Adam was really starting to dislike this man. Though Colt did his best to be invisible, H-B and Alice both stood up in Adam’s defense.
“Now see here lad, Adam has done nothing wrong, and we will not be intimidated by your threats,” said H-B, deadly calm.
“Yeah, who the hell do you think you are? Coming to Locke, throwing around your corporate weight like you own the place, think you’re a big man or something?” Alice spat. 
Adam could not remember the last time she had been this fired up.
“Everyone calm yourselves, I urge you. We can work this out,” said Macpherson.
He stood up. The man had a very gentle, almost fatherly quality to his voice, making the contrast between himself and Mathis a lot starker.
“I think I have a solution. I’m going to go outside and make a phone call, if you would kindly wait here,”
Colt spoke up finally. 
“We have a number of newly installed telecommunicative devices available, let me just-”
“Thank you, Dean Colt, but I have a direct line to Lucius through my own,” said Macpherson as he stood up.
Mathis stood up too and put his hand on Macpherson’s shoulder. 
“Cassius, there’s no real need to bring him into this, I can handle it,” he said in a hushed tone.
“No, I think Lucius should know how things have developed here. He doesn’t like to be kept in the dark,”
There was something in the way that Macpherson had said that which indicated to Adam that Mathis had just been put in his place. For Adam, it established Macpherson as the dominant player and Mathis his tagalong, though probably not by a long stretch in the grand scheme of things. Macpherson and Mathis both left the room, leaving Adam to ponder his fate.
“That could have gone better. Thanks for sticking up for me Alice, Tobias,”
Alice smiled, and H-B nodded. Colt just stood up and walked out of the room via a secondary door, muttering something about a meeting he had to attend elsewhere. Adam paid him no heed, though at the same time almost felt sympathy for the Dean. He had never asked for this.
After what felt like a lifetime, Mathis and Macpherson returned to the room. This time, the pair was not giving away anything with their expressions. Macpherson looked directly at Adam.
“You said you opened the chest?” Macpherson asked.
Adam took a moment to respond.
“... Yes.”
The tall man had a glint in his eye.
“Show me.”
CHAPTER SIX: A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY



Returning to the museum wing, Alice, H-B, Mathis and Macpherson followed Adam to where the open crate and the chest were being kept. Adam had left the lid of the chest slightly ajar, but not enough to properly reveal any of the contents, and Alice had placed the wooden crate’s side back into position the day before Mathis and Macpherson had arrived. When the Hart logo came into view, Mathis went straight over to inspect the crate, in order to verify what Adam had told them about its addressing.
“Elton, huh? Son of a bitch tried to swindle us on this operation, jumped ship before it got back to Fremantle. If he shows his face again, he’ll wish he hadn’t,” Mathis mused.
“Yeah, we have history,” Adam remarked.
“Different to ours, one would hope,” said Macpherson.
Adam was confused by the remark. Macpherson explained to them how Lucius Hart had endorsed an expedition to recover artefacts of this nature based from a research ship in the Indian Ocean, under the leadership of Jeff Elton. About three months back they had lost all contact with the team and they assumed he had run off with this discovery, as a sea plane that had been contracted to pick up and drop off supplies for the ship had also vanished shortly after the find was called in. None of the crew, not even the representative of Hart Industries on Elton’s team, Macpherson’s son Augustus, had not been found aboard the ship when it drifted into a high-traffic lane. Macpherson became somewhat vacant when he spoke of his son’s fate, and an uncomfortable silence spread through the hall. Nobody knew how to react. Alice came over to Adam’s side as Macpherson joined Mathis at the crate, and spoke in a low voice.
“Do you think we should tell them about the note?” she asked.
“No, not yet,” said Adam. 
It was a long shot, and he was unsure how to go about it exactly, but an opportunity to use it as leverage could arise shortly. Alice readjusted her blouse. There was a knock on the door, and Ben entered the room.
“Crane? Aren’t you supposed to be taking my seminar on Macedonia?” asked H-B, an eyebrow rising. 
Ben shrugged. 
“They weren’t really going to pick anything up from me; I just gave them some of your set work and told them to have it done for you next week, threw on a movie. And I figured that this was gonna be where all the interesting developments would be today,” said Ben.
He leaned against an upright sarcophagus which nearly toppled over, but he set it right. Mathis coughed loudly to regain their attention. Adam thought it would be best if he led the introductions here rather than letting Ben open a can of worms.
“Ben, this is Riley Mathis, and this is Cassius Macpherson. Both are representatives of Hart Industries. Mr Mathis, Mr Macpherson, this is Benjamin Crane, Alice’s brother, and a student coordinator for Locke,” said Adam.
Ben rolled his eyes up, thinking for a second, and then looked at the two suited men.
“Oh wait, I think I’ve been to a couple of protests. You’re from the Hart Industries that supplies materials and arms for both sides of a conflict then rebuilds everything that got destroyed, right? The corporate colossus running the greatest scam in the world?” he asked, throwing as much of his foot into his mouth as he could fit. 
Alice elbowed him in the side. There was a brief awkward silence, broken surprisingly by Macpherson.
“Well, you’re half right. Some of our subsidiaries do offer aid to nations at war with one another, but we are not responsible for the funding of said conflicts. The shield, not the sword, as such. War is counterproductive. Having worked for both Lucius and his father I can say that the company bears a clean conscience when it comes to such things. We are not warmongers, just businessmen, Mr Crane,”
“I’m sure you are. I must apologize, Benjamin and common courtesy tend to stand as polar opposites at times,” said H-B.
“It’s alright, no harm done. Now, if you would care to show us the chest?” Macpherson asked.
Adam pulled off the side of the crate which they had hastily replaced just as the two Hart representatives arrived. The contents of the crate were now in full view to everyone. H-B and Ben seemed to be in awe at the beauty of the chest, but if Mathis and Macpherson were impressed at all they were doing very well to hide it. Mathis pulled out the crate and opened it, revealing the amulet and the codex in their recesses. 
“Well I think we’ve got what we came here for, Cassius, let’s get moving,” said Mathis. 
He made to pick up the two artefacts, but Macpherson stopped him.
“A moment please, Riley, there is more to it than that. Mr Hart has informed me of the reason he had intended the chest to be sent to the late Dr Thorne. He believed that our own people would be unable to open it themselves. Perhaps my son caught Dr Elton out before he could spirit it away, and addressed it to the only other consultant who has worked on the project with any measure of success, someone we could trust,” said Macpherson.
Mathis cracked his neck, the sound of which made Alice cringe visibly. She hated when people did that, and had successfully campaigned for both Adam and her brother to stop.
“So they’ve done our job for us, they have played their part, and their role has ended,” said Mathis, eager to leave.
“It is not so simple, Riley; you are not looking at the bigger picture,” Macpherson countered.
Adam decided to speak up and break the tension.
“So, are we in some kind of trouble for this?” he asked.
Macpherson looked directly at Adam, as if he was scanning him.
“Mr Thorne, we find ourselves in a rather delicate situation, and at this stage I’m only at liberty to tell you so much. You can tell that this chest is an extremely valuable artefact, its contents even more so. Mr Hart is something of a collector, and has been privately funding a search for similar relics for most of his life, as his forebears had before him. The last real find was over twenty years ago,”
The tall man leaned down and sifted through the packing foam, and soon stood back up holding an envelope.
“Enclosed here are some scans that were made of a similar chest owned by Mr Hart, an heirloom, meant for comparison. The X-rays produced nothing of value, and all attempts to open it proved futile, save for one. How did you do it?” he asked.
Adam bit his lip. His mind wandered back to how he opened the chest, his blood having some kind of reaction with the seal. He thought that sounded crazy, even though both he and Alice had now witnessed it. He decided it would be better to fabricate a story for the time being, so as not to sound like a lunatic. Although they had said they had dealt with items of this nature, he doubted that they had ever even imagined something as weird as a blood lock.
“The seal needed to be lubricated. I wouldn’t close it again, just in case. Save yourselves some difficulty,” said Adam. 
It was not a lie, from a certain point of view. Mathis eyed him strangely over some of the comparison reports in his hand.
“Really? And how did you manage that? This report says that there are no obvious edges or openings, and that the other chest was airtight. Your story doesn’t add up,” Mathis said, skeptical.
“I don’t know, what can I tell you? All it needed was a little bit of elbow grease and it opened,” Adam replied coolly, keeping his wounded hand from sight.
The sound of a ringing cell phone pierced the room, and Macpherson reached into his pocket. He answered, and spoke briefly.
“Yes? Yes, he did open it. The contents are a small book and an amulet in the shape of the Key, gold with a ruby. Do you want us to bring them to you now sir? I see. I’m not entirely sure, I’ll ask them,”
Macpherson covered the mouthpiece and directed his attention to Adam and company.
“Do you have any accrued leave that you would be able to use in the near future?” he asked.
Adam looked to Alice, Ben, and H-B. They all nodded. Adam knew that in all of his years at Locke, H-B had never once taken a vacation. Alice and Ben usually worked through the summer, maintaining campus for summer courses, and Adam himself was yet to take any of his leave; the spontaneous administrative changes under Colt had always kept him on his toes.
“Yes, Mr Macpherson, we all do,” Adam replied.
Macpherson smiled, as Mathis kept poring over the documents from inside the crate.
“Excellent. Yes Lucius, they do have accrued leave. Would you like me to ask them or would you prefer to come out yourself? No, sir, I only meant that considering the scale of things, perhaps you would prefer to... Yes sir, of course, understood. We’re on a charter flight back to New York, departing LAX in three hours,”
Adam heard a loud dial tone sound on the other end of the line. Macpherson placed the phone back in his pocket and returned is full attention to the Locke staff. Mathis had finished looking over the documents and stuffed them back into their envelope.
“Well, Mr Thorne, I know you have just started your new position here, but Mr Hart has a unique opportunity for you, a profitable one at that,” said Macpherson.
Adam’s stomach tumbled into a void. What could Hart want? For him to resign his position? No, that would be silly, Macpherson had said something about profit. He had to stop letting panicked thoughts get the better of him. Macpherson continued.
“Prior to his disappearance, Dr Elton was in charge of a special expedition team searching for certain artefacts. Artefacts of extreme value. This project is very important to Mr Hart; one could call it his life’s work,”
Mathis cut him off.
“Cassius, I don’t think this is the best idea, they’re hardly what we’re meant to be looking for,” said Mathis.
“Quite the opposite, Riley, this is coming directly from Lucius. Mr Thorne, by opening this chest you have proven yourself more capable than previous leaders of the project, and on that merit alone Mr Hart has asked for you to head a new team on a trial basis. All expenses will be covered, you will be on the Hart Industries payroll at a generous consultant rate, and you would have all of our extensive resources at your disposal,”
The silence in the room was deafening. Adam could not think of what to say, his mind was completely blown. For a moment he wondered if he was still unconscious and dreaming, but when he squeezed his hand unwittingly the pain from his earlier self-inflicted wound told him he was awake. This was a far greater offer than he had ever expected, immediately dwarfing his new role at Locke. Macpherson spoke again, snapping him out of his daze.
“Of course you would likely still be based here; we wouldn’t want to take you away from your own work. For now you’d just be doing some specialist research on the side for us. We have several other artefacts we would send your way, and from time to time you might need to engage with the other team on the project. Now as for further discoveries, we have our own people looking into possible locations of other items of the same nature. Should anything come up you will be informed and sent out into the field immediately, which is where your accrued leave would come into play. The same applies if you are to stumble onto any potential finds yourself,” Macpherson finished.
Adam was still reeling. This was a lot to take in, and he was having trouble getting his head around it all.
“Well, uh, Mr Macpherson, Can you give us a minute to talk it over?” Adam asked.
“Certainly. Riley, come along,” said Macpherson
Mathis had an expression on his face that indicated he really did not like how this meeting had played out, but grudgingly followed him out into the hallway. Once he was sure the pair was out of earshot, Adam turned to his group.
“Well, this is unexpected. What do you guys think?” Adam asked.
Ben erupted into a fit of laughter.
“Something funny Crane?” asked H-B.
Ben composed himself.
“This has to be a joke. It’s just so out of nowhere. Hell, why would they want me involved anyway? I just walked into the room, and I’m barely qualified. Aside from you, Professor, no one else here seems to be either. No offense you two,” said Ben.
Adam considered Ben’s point for a moment. Swept up by the suddenness of the offer, he had not really considered that important factor. Why did they want to take on board four people that they had only just met for a project of such great personal significance to Hart? After Ben had mentioned it, Alice and H-B seemed curious regarding this as well.
“Slightly more pressing question, why would they want me in charge?” Adam asked.
“Well, Adam, you come from a family of repute. Your mother was a well-known anthropologist and documentarian, your father a respected journalist in his day, and your grandfather an acclaimed researcher of ancient cultures. That may have something to do with it. Not to mention you have shown that you have a spine, willing to take the fall before Hart Industries,” said H-B.
Adam was touched. H-B was the only real father figure he had, strict, but encouraging.
“Thanks Professor, that means a lot, but it still seems a little strange. Alice?”
Alice looked up from her Blackberry.
“Sorry?” she replied, slightly unfocused.
“What do you think of this?” Adam asked.
“Well, I was just checking out Hart’s corporate website, and it all seems legit. I say we go for it. See how deep the rabbit hole goes. Worst case scenario we can’t find anything new for him and get to carry on with life as usual,” she said.
“Ok. Ben?”
Ben crossed his arms and tilted his head in a superfluous pantomime of someone thinking something through, as he seemed to do every time he was posed a serious question. Adam made a mental note to slap him later.
“Sure. Why not? How often does opportunity come knocking at the door? Besides, might give me a chance to see the world, meet exotic women, that sort of junk,”
Last of all he turned to H-B, who was eyeing the chest and its contents curiously. He spoke before Adam got the chance to ask him.
“This is a very rare opportunity, and you will only regret it if you pass it up. You know I once had the chance to lead the excavation of a famed Celtic King’s tomb in the Preseli Hills in Wales? Thirty years on and declining the chance remains one of the biggest regrets in my life. Of course it was dismissed as a hoax not long after, but another opportunity like that has never presented itself. You have my full support, boy,” said H-B.
“Then it’s settled, we join the project,” said Adam
Adam called Mathis and Macpherson back in to inform them of the decision
*
“I don’t think he’s made the right choice Cassius, bringing them into this,”
Riley Mathis needed to walk at a very quick pace in order to keep up with Macpherson’s sweeping strides. The pair made their way down a long footpath to the entrance of Locke College, where a white Chevrolet Impala emblazoned with the Hart Industries logo was waiting to take them to the airport.
“And why is that, Riley?” Asked Macpherson.
“Because they’re inexperienced, and they have no idea what they’re getting into. I’m still half in the dark about all of this, and I’ve been with the company for years. More importantly, after Elton, we don’t know if we can trust them,” said Mathis
Macpherson stopped, taking in the splendor of Locke College and the warm breeze coming from the south. He liked this part of the country, though it felt a world away from home.
“We all have to start somewhere,” said Macpherson, looking at his watch.
“But why these people? There are plenty of others who are more than qualified for this line of work, and-” Mathis began, but Macpherson cut him off.
“Riley, all will be explained when we get back to New York. Lucius has a plan. Can you think of a time when he has steered us wrong?” Macpherson asked.
“Elton. But nobody saw that coming. I believe in the company, in Hart, but this doesn’t feel right. I think you’re both making a big mistake here,” Mathis replied.
Macpherson just smiled.
“We’ll see Riley, we’ll see. If Lucius has faith in Thorne’s abilities, then so do I. He’s a good person, I can tell that much. Willing to do what he must,”
The pair continued walking to the idling car, where the driver was reading an old copy of Rolling Stone. They let themselves into the back seats.
“Did Hart at least give a reason for wanting him?” Mathis asked.
Macpherson smiled cryptically.
“Serendipity. The Key is where it’s supposed to be.”
CHAPTER SEVEN: SPECIAL DELIVERY



A week passed after their meeting with the representatives from Hart Industries, and Macpherson had left his new recruits with a promise that the first of their material would be with them before long. Adam was working with Alice and Ben in the museum wing, and they were making progress with the unsorted artefacts. At Alice’s request, Adam had recruited Ben to assist with the sorting; they knew that in a structured environment Ben could work really well, and it was showing. They were down to the last two piles of unlabeled junk, and would be finished by the next day. There was a knock on the door, and Teagues swaggered into the room wearing his flight suit.
“Bonsoir mon ami, I come bearing gifts,” said Teagues.
He came and embraced Adam.
“Man, you have got to stop it with this Houdini act; we never know where you are. Hear the news?” Adam asked.
“If by that you mean you being shanghaied into working for Lucius Hart, then yes. If not, then I suppose you will have to enlighten me,” said Teagues, offhandedly.
“How did you know?” Adam asked.
Teagues pulled out his wallet and presented an I.D. card featuring his photograph superimposed over the Hart Industries logo.
“I have been flying freight for Hart on the side. How do you think I can afford to look this good? All of my government grants go into research, but the private market is a bottomless well for me,” Teagues explained.
That actually made a lot of sense.
“Well, there you go. How long has that been going on?” he asked.
“About six years now. I would fly for them when on leave from the defense force, and just recently had my contract formally renewed. Seven figures over three years. Oh, hello Benjamin, Alice,” said Teagues.
“Hey Teagues!” Ben called out from behind a stack of junk.
“.... Lawrence,” said Alice, not looking up from her work.
Alice and Teagues had a history of their own. At some point after Adam and Alice had broken up, she and Teagues had a brief involvement with one another. Nobody really knew the details, but the pair had remained awkward in one another’s company since, especially after Adam finished his degree and returned home. He decided to break the silence before Ben took chance to make a snarky comment, as he was wont to do.
“So you said you had something for me?”
Teagues snapped back to reality.
“Yes, of course. I have seven crates for you from the people at Hart Industries. This must be pretty important stuff, it got a full security escort to my plane and I received some very unpleasant threats of action should I fail to deliver them to you,” said Teagues.
“Let me guess... he’s a kinda short guy, stocky? Acts like he’s six foot taller than he is and has an extra digit in his IQ?” Adam asked.
Teagues laughed knowingly. 
“Actually from a man you would not yet have had the displeasure of meeting, Clovis, but I see you have dealt with Monsieur Mathis. He is not so bad, just terrible at first impressions. I much prefer to work with the tall one. He reminds me of that actor, you know who I mean, he played Doctore in that Spartacus series, the name eludes me… a pleasant fellow, regardless,” said Teagues. 
Adam and Ben had made the same observation, likening Macpherson to the actor. It was uncanny how similar they seemed to think, sometimes.
“Heh, yeah. Well, do you want us to come pick the crates up now, or would you rather organize some of your boys with some free time to courier them uphill?” Adam asked.
Alice put a hand on his shoulder.
“We should probably go get them ourselves, considering how significant they are to Hart. Besides, I want to see what they’ve sent us. We can call it a day here,” she said, folding her legal pad and throwing it onto her improvised desk. 
Adam shrugged. 
“I guess we’re heading down to Richelieu. Come on Ben. Stop playing with that, you’ll hurt yourself. More importantly you’ll likely break it doing so,” said Adam.
Ben was balancing a fragile looking wooden staff on the back of his hand.
“Come on ya dumb bastard,” said Alice.
“Al, you can’t call me a bastard, because that would make you one too. We’re twins, remember,” Ben chided.
“I swear, if I could prove we weren’t related by blood, I would kick your ass,” Alice muttered.
“Heard that. You wouldn’t survive the attempt,” Ben replied.
Whenever the twins argued, and it was pretty clear in this instance that it was purely for the purpose of Ben getting under Alice’s skin, Ben would turn almost everything into a challenge. Like all siblings, aggravating one another was routine. Alice usually just wanted to keep Ben in line and out of trouble, whereas Ben’s goal was usually to get Alice to lighten up. Considering how tightly wound Alice usually was, Adam usually stayed out of it, but he was going to make an exception in this instance.
“Alright you two, knock it off. Now. Let’s get going.”
*
When the group arrived at the Richelieu Fields they were met with the familiar sight of Teagues’ personal plane, a heavily modified Gulfstream VII prototype that had been given to him for testing a couple of years back. This particular model would never see mainstream production, but it had nevertheless remained an impressive piece of aeronautical engineering. Teagues had given it a silver paintjob complemented by a black and white checker pattern stripe across its side, and the tail sported something similar. It was his pride and joy, and when Teagues received it he immediately began modifying it to suit his needs, including a water take-off and landing capability: for that reason he had named it the Silver Swan.
Today it was sitting stationary near the radio tower with its cargo ramp open, a towing vehicle parked nearby. Teagues walked up and began to unbolt the crates from the floor as Adam and the others looked on. He called out to them on the runway.
“I would ask for help, but these have been bolted down with a coded lock for security levels which you presently lack the clearance for. I’ll call you up when they’re all loose,” said Teagues.
Adam looked over to the horizon where dark clouds were looming.
“There’s a storm brewing, we had better make this quick,” said H-B, lighting his pipe. 
Clearly the old professor’s latest attempt to kick the habit had come to nothing. Emily Teagues would not be pleased about that. Teagues called out again from the cargo hold.
“Give me about ten minutes and I will have everything ready to go. If you would kindly open the door to Hangar Two, you will find carts and tarps that will likely be of assistance to you. The pass code is my mother’s birthday,” he said.
Adam thought it strange, reckless even, that he would just announce the code to access a hangar on a government research and development site, but Teagues was a sharp guy. In all likelihood he would just change the password remotely after they had left. Hangar Two was at the far end of the runway, so he and Ben left to get the carts and tarpaulins.
“So Adam, I’ve been meaning to ask, how do you feel about this whole… situation?” Ben asked when they arrived at the side door.
Adam keyed in the code.
“I don’t think it has really sunk in yet, you know? It’s all so sudden. Sometimes I start to wonder whether or not this is all a dream and I’ll wake up and still be a teacher’s assistant, or fired, or god forbid back in at 29 Palms,” he said, shuddering at the thought. 
The brief period he had spent in the Marine Corps straight out of high school had been a strange experience, one that he avoided thinking about. His platoon had gone all but silent on him after his discharge, as if the bonds of the vicious boot camp had never existed.
“Yeah, I get what you’re saying. The whole thing being backed by Hart Industries is what’s got me confused,” said Ben.
“How so?” Adam asked.
“Well, it, Hart seems like a very straight-laced business minded guy. Why would he throw so many resources behind chasing some archaeological project? I mean, considering the state of the economy at the moment, it seems like a strange move,” said Ben, looking back to the others at the Swan.
“Actually, Alice did a little research into it. Hart Industries is one of the few companies that had gone largely unaffected by financial crisis. Apparently they were the only entity that managed to maintain consistent profit throughout the Great Depression, made some deals with the government back then to keep things from getting worse than they did. In fact, it’s near impossible to calculate the personal worth of this Hart guy, let alone his corporate value. Apparently he could buy the top ten companies in the world without making a dent. I would not want to be his enemy,” Adam explained.
The two walked into the giant hangar. Normally Hangar Two was where officials and diplomats visiting from Washington or Paris would have their private jets stored, but right then it was filled with junk. A layer of dust and grime covered various unidentifiable objects scattered about the place and the air was slightly stale; Hangar Three must have been the one in active use at the moment. Adam had never seen inside Hangar One, but did not question that, seeing as it was the special research and development area for Richelieu; the only thing Adam had ever seen come out of it without a military guard was The Swan.
Adam was unable to tell for sure, but he thought he could see the silhouette of an Armored Personnel Carrier covered by dark green canvas near the main hangar door, likely something Teagues had designed for the French or US military.  Thunder clapped violently overhead.
“Jesus, you’d think Teagues would keep this place better organized, hey,” said Ben.
“I guess we’re not the only ones falling behind schedule. Come on. Let’s get these carts and tarps out there before everything gets wet,” said Adam.
They quickly located the carts, which were really more luggage trolleys with heavier duty wheels that one would find ferrying loads at a freighter airport, and threw the folded tarps into them. Ben attempted to use the motorized ones to save effort, but when he keyed the ignition to one of them it sputtered and died, the battery long dead. Just as well, when Adam tried to open the main hangar door, the keypad display said that all non-essential power had been diverted elsewhere. There was no way the two of them would be able to open the massive door with their own strength.
“God damn, when exactly was the last time someone used this place?” Ben asked, stifling a sneeze.
Adam remembered his experience in Teagues’ lab several days earlier. The work of a man with a lot of spare time.
“I’m gonna go ahead and assume he’s taken an extended break from his official duties. Come on, we should be able to fit these out the side door.”
*
Adam and Ben pulled the four linked carts towards the back of the Swan, and the sky above had turned dark grey. Teagues, H-B and Alice were all sitting at the top of the loading ramp, prepared for the storm to begin.
“What, did you two get lost?” Teagues asked.
“No, just had a little trouble navigating these bad boys through that maze you have set up in there. I think you need a maid,” Ben retorted.
Teagues cocked his head to the side at the mention of a maid, pulled out his little red book and scribbled something down.
“Maid? Hmm, never had a maid before. Simple, yet easy to miss,” said Teagues.
Alice looked at Teagues and gave an audible sigh. Adam heard her mutter something about a one track mind.
Adam disconnected the carts and pushed the first one up the ramp. In the cargo hold he saw that the crates were very different to the one that had come bearing the chest. Three of them were large, lead-cast containers; the other four were standard sized black Zero Halliburton briefcases. There was an additional smaller container that had been left open, filled with documents.
“Any idea what’s inside them, Teagues?” Adam queried
Teagues just shrugged.
“Not a clue. They arrived at JFK in armored vans escorted by Hart’s private security force. I would assume that the box of documents will have some explanation for you,” said Teagues. 
He placed the four Halliburton cases onto the first cart, and then turned back to Adam.
“Oh, I nearly forgot. Before I departed, Monsieur Clovis said to give this to you directly. A personal letter from Hart, no doubt relating to all of this. He said you should open it immediately, but I am thinking we should forgo formality in this case get this cargo moving first, yes?” Teagues handed Adam the letter, which he pocketed. 
Thunder rumbled overhead, much louder than it was before, and the crackle of raindrops on the fuselage began. Ben, Alice and H-B quickly pushed the remaining three carts into the hold to pick up their cargo.
“Well, this is going to be a fun run. Glad we’re not all wearing white,” Ben commented, waiting for a laugh, but no one responded.
The five of them managed to get the three lead-cast containers onto the carts with some difficulty, considering that they were awkwardly shaped for the carts, but they managed to do the job without wasting time. Unfortunately however, the rain became a lot heavier by the time they were finished. Alice suggested they wait it out, because getting the crates the veritable marathon distance they needed to would be a considerable chore in the rain, and they would likely get bogged down on the dirt road between Locke and Richelieu’s grounds. Teagues went into the cockpit to check his instruments and see how long it would be before the storm passed. He came back somber faced.
“I am afraid that is not looking like a brilliant option. This is a large storm system, likely to last until at least tomorrow,” he said.
Adam remembered the covered vehicle he had seen inside Hangar Two.
“Hey Teagues, did I see an APC or small bus or something covered up in Hangar Two?” He asked.
Teagues was lost in thought for a moment, staring up at the ceiling, and then snapped his fingers.
“But of course, The Boar! I can’t believe I didn’t think of that earlier, we could get ourselves and your cargo from door to door without issue in that tank,” said Teagues. 
He once again ran up to the cabin, and came back with two rain coats.
“Come Adam, let us retrieve it,” he said.
Adam put on the green rain coat and followed Teagues out into the storm.
“We’ll be back soon,” Adam assured the others.
*
Running through the storm they made it to the side door fairly quickly. Adam moved to put in the code again, but the door slid open before he even hit the pin pad. He turned to Teagues, who was waving a small piece of glass with symbols on the front. He tapped it twice, and a graphical screen appeared.
“My little multi-tool; never leave home without it. I remotely changed the code after you got back anyway,” said Teagues.
“What, you don’t trust me and Ben?” Adam asked, feigning offense.
Teagues pointed to a security camera mounted on the wall of Hanger Three facing the side entrance to Hangar two, one that Adam had not noticed before.
“I do, but your government does not. They seem to think everyone is after their secrets,” said Teagues, rolling his eyes.
Adam shook his head and sighed.
“Red tape, the ultimate weapon of bureaucracy,”
The pair navigated their way through the junk to the covered vehicle, which Teagues explained had been a special request from the Australian Government. They had supplied him with a Bushmaster Infantry Mobility Vehicle, colloquially known as a Bush Pig, and asked him to modify it into a mining vehicle just after the heavier conflict in Afghanistan started to spread into the mountain regions following the ousting of the Taliban. The idea was that it could mine through the rock walls of cave networks, allowing SAS commandos to storm in and capture or kill any hiding enemy operatives. The project was put on hold by the government when it was discovered that the Bushmaster was unable to traverse some of the more difficult terrain without an expensive half-track modification, and the contract ultimately scrapped with the onset of the Global Financial Crisis and multiple government changes. Teagues had been allowed to keep his prototype and an unmodified spare as compensation for the cancelled contract. A great fan of awful puns, he had codenamed the one fitted with a drill the Boar.
Adam told Teagues about the issue of the door being inoperable, but Teagues once again pulled out his multi-tool and entered a code. The display on the pin pad lit up on the other side of the room, and then Teagues hit another button, opening the doors.
“So what were you diverting power for?” Adam asked.
Teagues looked to the far end of the runway, towards Hangar One.
“Unfortunately I cannot yet tell you. But it presently requires a lot of power. Had my nuclear engine actually worked properly I could have... never mind. Let us get your items to their new home,” said Teagues.
Adam helped Teagues pull the cover off the Boar. It was an impressive sight, a light armored vehicle with an enormous tunneling drill attached to its front, the entire thing painted matte black. When he stepped inside he immediately noticed that the interior had been gutted and replaced with space saving amenities. A good thing, as it would make it easier to fit everyone and everything in for a single trip.
Teagues jumped into the front seat and started the Boar up. It was loud inside the Hangar, but not so loud as to entirely drown out the sound of the rain pounding down on the roof.
“The ride might be a little rough Adam, so I’d strap in. I haven’t actually driven this before,” Teagues admitted. 
Adam hoped he had misheard that statement.
“You what?”
Teagues sped out onto the runway before Adam had a chance, drifting slightly as he turned towards the Swan and throwing him off his feet. When they reached the silver jet, Teagues made an even sharper turn and the Boar drifted to a halt at the foot of the ramp, rear end first. Adam jumped out of the rear door and ran up the ramp. The others were ready to go, and they group quickly loaded the cargo into the back of the heavy vehicle before leaping aboard themselves.
The journey back to the museum wing was largely uneventful, however they did make a slight detour. Teagues, at Ben’s egging on, did a nice little burnout next to a recently reconstructed Humvee which was parked next to the football field, covering it with mud. They collectively agreed not to say any more about it should anyone ask. Even H-B chuckled.
CHAPTER EIGHT: A LINK TO THE PAST



At Alice’s suggestion, the group called it a day after they had finished unloading their cargo in the museum. It was only late afternoon, but the sky had become dark enough to give the illusion of night due to the storm. Teagues returned to Richelieu to get the Swan to cover, H-B went off to prepare for a lecture he was to give the following day, and Ben went to find a rain coat and waterproof camera to take a picture of Steve’s muddied truck, leaving Alice and Adam in their new shared office at the museum.
“You know, I don’t feel so bad about having cleaned this space out, considering we have a place here. Beats the hell out of having a pigeon hole and a mug with my name on it. That was the extent of my old office situation,” said Alice.
She walked over to the kitchenette and wringed her hair out in the sink. Her light green blouse was clinging to her to the point where Adam was able to see the outline of her black bra underneath, so he averted his eyes. She pulled her hair back into a ponytail and sat down on a chair opposite him, putting her feet up on a footrest she had set up using creationist textbooks.
“Alright boss man, what are your plans for the evening?” she asked.
Adam had not really intended to do anything. He too was soaked, and feeling a little grimy from playing around in the hangar. The efforts of the day had drained him.
“Rough plan was to head back home and have a shower, then maybe just have a quiet one. Student bar will be too packed, with midterm exams around the corner, and I don’t really feel like driving into the city. Might just catch up on a little TV, maybe. How about you?” he asked in return.
Alice pulled out her Blackberry and checked her schedule.
“Looks like I’m free. Mind if I join you? My apartment gets kinda lonely, and I think I have some spare clothes stashed away at yours. Besides, neither of us wants to look like an old maid, right?” she said.
Adam scanned her, wondering what her intentions were, but relented when he saw no harm in it. Ben was probably going to be out late mixing with the students anyway, so it would be good to have company that would not pester him to do something that could get him arrested for a change.
“Okay, you want to swing by mine now? Or should I expect you later? I’d rather not soak these old things running the quad if I don’t have to. Lucky sneakers,”
Adam indicated his battered old black Nike trainers, which he somehow managed to coordinate into a number of things he wore whilst working. H-B did not really approve when he was still his teaching assistant, but allowed it nonetheless. Now he no longer answered directly to anyone, he had free reign over his daily wardrobe. Comfort was his priority. Alice looked disapprovingly at the battered sneakers.
“You really gotta get some new shoes Adam. Those aren’t going to last forever,” she commented.
“I know, probably replace them once the Hart money starts coming in, but until then they’re staying. You coming?” he asked.
Alice looked out the window into the storm, the clear glass now near opaque with the torrential downpour cascading off it.
“Yeah, yeah. Let me just grab my bag.” She said.
“I’ll grab it. Pretty sure you left it next to mine,”
Adam walked back into the hall and wandered over to where the chest now lay in a far corner of the room. They had agreed that dedicating a small area like that area to their research for Hart was a better idea than mixing it in with the rest of their clutter. Alice’s bag, a well-worn but much-loved N*Sync shoulder bag, was leaning against the empty crate next to Adam’s freshly repaired rucksack. He had started fixing it not long after it had split open the day before he was given his new position, stitching it up with some heavier duty fishing line than he had used previously. No matter how many times it had broken, he always found a way to fix it. The battered old thing was one of his few physical links to his deceased parents. It had belonged to his mother, a gift from his father, and was one of the only things of hers that had been found following her disappearance.
He looked at the rucksack, thinking about how much it represented, but realizing he had started to get lost in nostalgia he decided to get going before his wet clothes got him sick. He called Alice out of the office, and they left for the campus apartment that he shared with Ben.
*
At Adam’s insistence, Alice used the shower first. He would in the meantime try and find the bag of her spare clothes that she kept there for emergencies. Failing that, he had some track clothes that the College had provided but he had no reason to use himself.
“Can’t have you sitting around in a towel all night,” Adam commented.
“You say it like you wouldn’t love it,” Alice said with a wink.
Adam felt his face flush a little, handed her a spare towel, and started looking through the likely places she would have hidden her things. He checked Ben’s room first, but figured it was unlikely that they would be in there, so he checked the drawers in the living area. Nothing. It was a long shot, and he did not know why they would be in there, but he checked his own room next. He took off his jacket, which felt disgustingly warm and moist after running across the quad, and hung it up to dry out on a coat hanger. When he did so, something fell out of his inner pocket. It was the letter from Hart that Teagues had given him. He sat down on the bed and opened it, breaking the wax seal.
To Adam Thorne
I would like to offer my gratitude for your decision to take part in the search for these relics, known to some as the ‘Elysian Gifts’. A strange name, I know, but you will soon come to understand the reason behind it. I have had Riley and Cassius send to you the three that I have found in my lifetime, along with all of the relevant documentation, and the four that my ancestors discovered and passed down. I am putting a great deal of trust into your care of these items; the search for them has been my life’s work. The arrangement I had with your grandfather (my apologies and condolences, I was not informed of his passing until recently) was that he would examine the items and find out as much about their origins as he could before passing them on to me. I have opted for a slightly different arrangement with you, as you have proven yourself to be far more intelligent and resourceful in your opening of an Elysian chest. You shall be as my word and will in the field, as time has withered my body, and I can no longer search myself. I trust you will be successful in your endeavors.
Regards, and best of luck,
Lucius Hart
Adam gave himself a moment to take it all in. Hart was really invested in this project, and now he was acting as the famed industrialist’s avatar in the field.
“Wow, no pressure,” he said, thinking aloud.
“What was that?” Alice called from the shower. 
She had left the door a crack open.
“Nothing, talking to myself,”
There was something about the letter that was bugging Adam, but he could not quite place it. There was something in that phrasing, a familiarity that just clicked with him but for the life of him he did not know why. He then noticed a small travel bag that did not belong to him sticking out of his closet. He opened the bag and found inside Alice’s spare clothes. Something about Alice’s clothes... Then it hit him. The translation that Alice had stuffed down her shirt when Mathis and Macpherson had arrived. No, not that, come one, this is six degrees of separation, think… The book, the codex. Alice had translated a scrap of paper from the codex that was written by Marcus Octavius. The Poet Soldier, a politician during the height of the Roman Republic. Adam recalled a paper he had done early in his degree on an epic poem about the search for something, a book called Aspectus, written by Marcus. He had to get back to the museum.
“Alice, I found your stuff, it’s on my bed. I’m running back to the office,” he called out.
Alice came out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel.
“What?”
Adam averted his eyes. It was not like there was anything to see that he had not seen before, but it had been years since the two of them had been together, and he really did not want to see her as anything other than a friend now, much as he admired her. She sat on the edge of his bed.
“I’ve just got to go check something out. It shouldn’t take long, I just don’t want to get distracted and forget about it” he said, changing into a dry LA Galaxy training shirt and his spare runners.
Alice sat down on his bed, facing away from him.
“Fine, whatever. But you know if I find the remote first you’re not likely to get it back tonight. Vampire Diaries marathon tonight,” she teased.
“Sacrifice I’m willing to make right now, Alice. I should be back soon,” he said.
Quickly grabbing a dry jacket from his closet and picking up his keys, he made a run for the door and left Alice to her own devices, not giving her a chance to respond. She would understand.
*
Adam sprinted through the rain to get back to the museum. The fastest route would mean cutting across the main quad, and figuring he was wet already it did not matter that there was no cover at all. He held his key card to the scanner and unlocked the door. Fortunately they had left the lights on for the cleaning staff, some of whom H-B had convinced to come back following Alice’s tirade, so he was not forced to search for the switches. He passed through the main hall where the remaining unsorted artefacts and the delivery from Hart now sat and headed into the underground archive section. He doubled back briefly to grab the Codex and the Key from the chest, feeling that if he had them with him it might make it easier to find what he was after, like a point of reference.
The Archives were the real pride and joy of Locke College, holding thousands of ancient manuscripts, artefacts and fragments of cultures long lost or forgotten. It was the first time he had actually needed to go into the old library in a while, only going in twice before. Once to retrieve a precious Florentine manuscript for H-B, and again when searching for a reproduction of the Dead Sea scrolls for a student.  Now he had his own agenda.
He looked for the section dedicated to Roman Republic era literature, a fairly ambiguous title which proved to contain a large framework of information, and quickly found it. He was not sure it would be there, but something in his gut told him he had to try and find a copy of Marcus Octavius’ epic, Aspectus because it could have more information relating to these so-called Elysian Gifts. He knew he had seen a copy somewhere, ages ago, and after two hours of scouring the neatly filed titles and coming up with nothing he began to wonder whether he had seen it in one of the other Magnus archives whilst studying. He kept looking, however, because if it was there and he had missed it he would be a lot more annoyed than if it wasn’t there at all.
“Come on... where are you hiding? Marcus, Marcus, Marcus... if I were your book where would I be hiding...”
Adam looked at the Codex in his hand. He had pocketed the Amulet, figuring it would be less likely to slip out of his hands and become damaged on the floor. Carefully opening the small bound book, he turned to the first page, written in Latin. He slapped his forehead.
“Idiot!” he said out loud.
He was in the wrong section. Aspectus, while containing some elements of the fantastic, was considered a hyperbolic account of actual history, so it probably would not be sorted with the rest of the Roman literature. Adam crossed the room to the next section: Roman Military Figures and managed to find it within seconds. It was not the original, rather a transcription that handily came with a translation, but it would more than serve its purpose. A noise came from up the stairs. Adam made his way back to the main hall, where he was confronted by H-B.
“I stopped by your apartment, but Alice told me I could find you here,” said H-B.
“Oh good, it’s just you Professor. What brings you here?” Adam asked.
H-B held up a leather bound book, which looked vaguely familiar.
“I found this tucked away in my office, thought you ought to have a look at it. It belonged to your grandfather, a diary from his fieldwork days. I never managed to make heads or tails of his notes, difficult shorthand, but they might be of use to you now. I’m not sure if these were from when he was working with Hart, but it should provide an interesting read in any case,”
The professor noticed the Codex and Marcus’ book in Adam’s hands.
“What have you got there?” he asked.
Adam quickly explained that they had found a scrap of parchment inside the codex, a hand written note by Marcus Octavius. H-B’s eyes widened when he heard that name.
“Ah yes, my old friend. Legatus Marcus Octavius of Brundisium; served as a Commander of the Praetorian Maximus Legions, the pride of the early Republic military, known by some of his peers as the Wanderer for his long and distant campaigning for the Republic. He mapped out a great deal of both Africa and Northern Europe going well beyond Alexander’s boundaries, though most of their cartographic documents were destroyed in the sacking of Rome. Marcus was not the sole leader of the Legions, another named Arcturus held command over half of their forces, and both of them answered to the Imperator Lucius Remus, an interesting character from a largely untouched part of Roman history. Were it not for the loss of the Alexandrian Library, we might know a great deal more about those storied years,” H-B recited wistfully.
Adam was impressed, he knew that H-B was very well read, but until recently the name Marcus Octavius had been to him nothing more than an obscure Roman politician.
“You seem to know a lot on this subject,” Adam commented.
H-B smiled.
“Look at the name of the original translator on the book you’re holding,”
Adam did so, and had to double-take.
Aspectus – Marcus Octavius c. 280-270 BCE
Transcription and Translation by Tobias Hadley-Baldwin, Hadley College 1981
“Well there you go, that’s just.... wow. What are the odds of that?”
H-B humbly bowed his head.
“I was on the expedition that found the original manuscript in a partially submerged refuge on the Tunisian coast, along with several other scriptures and relics that had been spirited away just prior to Punic wars. They never received the same lauded reception as the Dead Sea scrolls, but it remains a significant find for those of us who were present. The artefacts themselves are still in the archives at Hadley, but I have all of my original translations,”
“Professor was there anything mentioned in Aspectus about some things called Elysian Gifts?” Adam asked.
H-B thought for a moment, and then nodded.
“Yes. I believe they were also called the Olympian Gifts by some. I found it a little odd how they used a mix of Roman and Greek terminology, quite a few Egyptian names crop up, though I suppose it was written during a time of transition between powers. Nothing significant about them really to put it above or below any other texts of the time,” H-B mused. 
He checked his pocket watch.
“Well, I should be getting back to Emily; I managed to convince Lawrence to sit in with us for dinner tonight. Would you care to join? It’s a familiar affair, and you fit the bill,” H-B offered.
“Appreciate it, but I’m having a night in. I’ll see you tomorrow morning,” said Adam
“Very good. Stay out of trouble,” said the Professor.
He handed the diary to Adam and let himself out. Now that all of the things he had been after were together, he figured it was time to call it a night. He placed the Codex back in the chest, and laid H-B’s translation of Aspectus next to it. When he made to put the amulet back in its recess however, he was hesitant. Some part of his mind was telling him to hold onto it, as if it were more important to him than he consciously knew. Adam thought about the weird things he had seen after looking into its jewel, but chalked that up to his head injury coupled with excitement and fatigue. He placed it back in its little recess and made his way back home, his grandfather’s journal in hand. 
As he opened the door, he heard some angst-ridden vampires on the TV softly chattering away, and saw Alice asleep on the sofa. He looked at the wall clock, and realized just how long it had taken him to search the archives: it was just after midnight. Adam turned off the TV and threw a blanket over Alice before heading to bed himself; they had a lot of work ahead of them.
From the chainsaw-like snoring from the next room, it was apparent that Ben had come home early too. As he lay down, he began to wonder if he was starting to become as much of a workaholic as his mother and grandfather had.
“You’re not like them,” he assured himself.
He looked at the journal, now resting closed on his bedside table, and then to the rucksack hanging on his doorknob. His family, it seemed, had a tendency to end up consumed by their work, leaving behind only fragments. He sincerely hoped he would not end up like that too, whatever this project was bringing.


CHAPTER NINE: SEVEN ANCIENT RELICS



When he woke up the next morning, Alice was gone, probably to get a more presentable change of clothes for the day. Adam managed to beat Ben into the shower and considered using up all of the hot water himself, but felt merciful and only used what he needed. They both had a quick off-brand toaster pastry breakfast, the store having run out of actual pop-tarts, and started made their way to the Museum at about nine. The weather was just as bad as it was yesterday, if not worse, so they took the longer route to get there undercover. Alice and H-B were waiting for them when they arrived, the former looking concerned.
“We have a slight problem. All of these locks require an eight digit combination, and we’ve found nothing about it in the document container,” she said.
Alice indicated the now empty crate which had held countless pieces of documentation, not sorted into eight smaller piles. Adam pulled out his cell phone.
“Alight, I’ll give someone on their end a call,” he said.
Adam pulled out his wallet and searched for the card that Macpherson had given to him before he and Mathis had departed, which had contact details for Macpherson’s office and a personal number should he be out. Adam dialed the office number first, and was connected almost instantly.
“Hart Industries: paving the way to a better future for all, this is Estefania. How can I help you?” asked a chirpy female voice. 
It was a receptionist or secretary of some kind.
“Hi, I’m trying to get in contact with Cassius Macpherson, is he available?” Adam asked.
“Who may I say is calling, and the nature of business?” the secretary asked in return.
“Adam Thorne, regarding a delivery that arrived at Locke College in California yesterday,” he replied.
“Hold one moment please,” said the receptionist, putting the line on hold. 
He noticed the others were looking at him, and he mouthed to them that he was on hold. A muzak version of Star Spangled Banner began to play. He hated muzak more than any other style of music, but the torture was only brief as the line was quickly picked up.
“Nice to hear from you Mr Thorne, I trust everything is in order?” said Macpherson.
“Yeah everything’s okay on this end, we just don’t have any of the codes to open the cases or crates,” Adam explained.
Adam could hear Macpherson opening drawers and rifling through some papers.
“Apologies, our in-house specialist sent them out at great haste; I have the code here, one universal to all containers and cases. 4-8-15-16-23-42. Give that a try,” said Macpherson.
Adam called the numbers out to Alice, who wrote them now and then entered them into one of the Zero Halliburton cases. The locks popped open.
“Yep, that’s done it. Thankyou Mr Macpherson,” said Adam.
“Not a problem Mr Thorne. I’ll be in contact with you again in the near future, right now however I need to run out the door and catch the next flight to Moscow. I hope all goes well with your research,” said Macpherson.
He hung up on his end before Adam could say anything else in reply. He could see why Teagues preferred dealing with Macpherson to Mathis; he seemed to be civil and reasonable, if preoccupied with what had happened to his son. The first case now open, Adam came over to look inside. Ben and H-B set about opening the others.
The first case held a small dagger, and a brief note saying E shrine beneath the ruins of Masyaf. Alice matched it to a pile of documents marked Blade of Ifrit. Ben peered over to see what they were doing.
“Huh. Masyaf. That’s interesting,” said Ben.
Adam looked at him, puzzled.
“What’s so interesting about that?” he asked.
“Assassin’s Creed, awesome video game from a couple of years back. Masyaf was the home of the assassins. You gotta remember that game, you spent three straight days playing it… sequels got kind of weird, I think it’s about pirates now or something, I dunno,” Ben explained.
Adam vaguely remembered taking a long weekend to do something like that, but was not about to admit it.
“We can talk video games later, let’s do some work now, yeah?”
*
After a few minutes they had everything Hart had sent them sorted out. Adam went through a check list that had come included with the crate of documents.
I. The Blade of Ifrit (Masyaf, Syria)
II. The Ring of Panacea (Mykonos, Greece)
III. The Scholar’s Disc (Tomb of Socrates, Greece)
IV. The Phoenix of Babylon (Southern Iraq)
V. The Pillar of Victory (Tomb of Hannibal, Turkey)
VI. The Rod of Methuselah (North Tunisian Coast)
VII. The Stone of Ur (Persian Gulf)
The group noticed something off the naming of the items, something that Ben pointed out.
“Why would he have named these items like that?” he asked.
H-B was quick to give them all a brief summary.
“Well Benjamin, when an item with an unknown origin is discovered it is generally named after its place of discovery. Looking at these notes, it seems that this stone disc was named the Scholar’s Disc because of its discovery in the tomb of Socrates... Wait a minute... The tomb was proven a fake. His true resting place is unlikely to ever be found...” said H-B.
Adam took the document from him.
“Hmm... yeah I see what’s happened here. Apparently this wasn’t found in the tourist trap tomb. In the early eighties Hart managed to acquire this from a Greek dealer... and my grandfather gave it an authenticity certificate,” said Adam.
“Could your grandfather have been wrong?’ Alice asked.
“Very unlikely, he wouldn’t dare be wrong about this sort of thing. I worked with him for twenty-five years, and he would not allow a single error to mark his reputation,” H-B responded.
With that settled, they started looking at the different items that had been sent to them. 
The Blade of Ifrit was a small white Dagger with a curved tip. According to the notes, Hart had uncovered it on an expedition in 1972. There was a recently added note in the documents stating that the shrine in which it had been discovered was now inaccessible.
The ring of Panacea was an ornate ring featuring four small black opals surrounding a white stone, and had been acquired by Hart on an expedition to a small Island near Mykonos in 1969 from a shrine beneath the ruins of a temple to Panacea. There were coordinates, presumably the location of the island.
The Scholar’s disc was a large granite disk with the weird glyphic script they had found in the codex in raised runes spiraling inwards to a hole in the center. It was the most recent acquisition made by Hart, in 1982. Like the Blade of Ifrit, it had been purchased from a dealer. Unlike the Masyaf Blade however, it came with a set of coordinates, which H-B checked against the location of the fake tomb and discovered it didn’t match.
The Phoenix of Babylon had been discovered by Hart’s father in 1943. It was a gold statue of the legendary bird of flame, and attention had been called to it when a British patrol stumbled upon its shrine. The coordinates that came with it matched a dig site west of the location of New Babylon in ancient Mesopotamia that H-B knew.
The Pillar of Victory was a very interesting find. It was a gilded spear that had been found in the tomb of Hannibal Barca underneath some ruins south of Gebze, Turkey in 1977. Alice commented that this seemed a little bit like grave robbing, but no one else seemed to think it a particularly big deal, even H-B.
“Well my dear, the core concept behind archaeology is the study of human remains. At times we have to make a few concessions to morality,”
The Stone of Ur was an 18 inch high white stone ziggurat that had been found by Hart’s grandfather, in an expedition during the golden age of the European fascination with the Middle East. There was no exact date on it, but the coordinates of its discovery location were given, with a note stating the shrine was still accessible.
The Rod of Methuselah was an item of great intrigue. All the notation that came with the ash colored quarterstaff had said was that its origin was unknown, but it came with an authenticity certificate again signed by Adam’s grandfather.
The one thing the items all had in common with each other was that they all featured somewhere on their design the symbol that had both been the seal on the chest and the symbol represented by the amulet, repeatedly referred to in the many documents as the Key. Adam had a quick thought, and drew a replica of the symbol. Thinking now was a good a time as any to give the team a pep talk, he proceeded.
“We can use this Key symbol to mark off anything relating to these items, which Hart has dubbed Elysian Gifts. I’m not sure yet how they actually relate to each other, but apparently we’re not going to be the first people searching for them. In fact, the hunt has been on for over two thousand years. As far as we know, we’re not really in for the long game; we’re just doing what we can while we can,” Adam began.
Ben started applauding, humming the Academy Awards theme loudly, and his sister elbowed him in the ribs. Adam continued.
“I’m not totally sure where we’re going from here. Macpherson said he’d be in contact soon, and I’m thinking we’ve been sent these items to familiarize ourselves with them, maybe look for some kind of pattern, in order to find more. A Roman poet searched for these items long before we did, and with a bit of luck we could succeed where they failed. Let’s get into it,”
Adam stared at the picture he had just drawn. The symbol bugged him for some reason. There was something so familiar about it, as if he had known all about it once but had forgotten in another lifetime. He decided he wouldn’t let it get to him, and started on categorizing the amulet and the codex. Under H-B’s urging, he named the amulet ‘The Key’ and the Codex ‘The Elysian Script’, tying in to the references in both Marcus’ Aspectus writings and the note. He wanted to take personal responsibility for researching the two items, and the group was all for it considering he had opened the chest, a feat explained as nearly impossible by Mathis and Macpherson. He and Alice were yet to tell the other two how he had actually managed to open it.
*
They all heard the door creak open loudly, and Colt strolled into the room.
“Professor Hadley-Baldwin, Mr Thorne, Miss Crane, Mr Crane, I need to speak to all of you,” said Colt, using a tone that meant serious business.
There was a moment of silence. Adam responded first.
“Regarding what, exactly, Dean Colt?” he asked.
Alice glared at Ben. Surely he would not have gone about blabbing about their little prank already with the Hummer already. Ben’s own look of surprised seemed to indicate that he had not. Colt handed each of them a key card with their name and file photos above a barcode.
“Nothing of dire importance, really, just some new security measures. We’ve had a break-in over at Cochise, some documents were stolen, so the board has taken steps to fix a flaw in the security system. You’ll need these in addition to your regular key cards to gain access to anything above the atrium from now on,” said Colt.
“I haven’t heard anything about break-ins,” H-B commented, surprised.
Colt took off his glasses and wiped them with a small cloth before replacing them on his nose.
“The board would rather keep it under wraps. The Cochise building cost twelve million to build, twice what it was estimated thanks to union strikes, and for it to have such an obvious flaw would add to the embarrassment. I don’t need to break out your contracts to refer you to the university’s nondisclosure agreement policies, do I?” Colt asked.
“No, that shouldn’t be necessary. Good day, Eric,” said H-B.
Colt walked out of the room at an agitated pace. Adam had not heard about any break-ins either, and the existing security system over at Cochise was top notch beyond the atrium. He was not particularly troubled, and all the more glad he had not had excessively rich parents throwing money at the eyesore for all of the trouble it had proven to be. Colt had good intentions, but every project he tackled head on seemed rife with complications.
“What was all that about?” Ben asked.
“Well, there has been some negative press about the goings on at Locke College since Eric Colt took up the position of Dean a few years back. Though I admit his methods are a little... fanciful... he has made some positive changes at the cost of breaking tradition. For example, Adam here was in the last graduating class to go through all six colleges on a scholarship. That money from that system is now pooled with the funding from the redundant departments for the sake of upgrading the facilities, in order to attract more students. Wave of the bloody future,” H-B explained.
Adam could tell that H-B was not happy about the abolition of the scholarship system for the Global Degree, a program which he had personally set up. Since the travel and accommodation expenses were no longer covered by the college, not one student from Locke had signed up in two years. Occasionally there would be students from the other five universities dropping in, but they were usually doing little more than a short term exchange. Having H-B on this project would not only benefit Adam with his expertise, it could prove to be a good work platform outside of the education system, enabling to take his mind off the things that troubled him. As he prepared to give his mentor some words of comfort, Alice called out to him.
“Hey Adam, can you bring the Codex over here?” she asked.
Picking up the small book, he moved over to where she was crouched in front of the Scholar’s Disc, which she had propped up against its container. He handed he codex to her and she turned to a random page, comparing something.
“These are written in the same language. See these glyphs? The ones spiraling around? They match. Not in the same order, but they are almost definitely the same dialect. If not, they are very similar,” She said.
H-B and Ben came over as well. Adam thought about just how long the search for these items had gone on for. He wondered whether Marcus had himself written the strange language in the codex, or if perhaps he had merely found it and marked it as his own. He put this theory forward to the others. H-B gave his opinion first.
“A codex was a very rare thing in the ancient world, most texts designed to last from those ages were either cut into stone or written on parchment to be stored as scrolls. They were not unheard of in the republic, but exceedingly rare, especially towards the rise of Caesar. We can only speculate for now. I might contact Professor Birmingham at Hadley; he was a specialist on Rome and Greece during that period,” he said.
Ben admitted he did not really know what a codex was, he had heard people use the term but thought it referred to black magic or something because of who he heard it from.
“Who did you hear that from?” asked Adam.
“I dated a Wiccan for a while, think you might have been in Egypt at the time. She was always going on about pagan tomes and codexes... codexi… codi? Whatever the plural is. I just tuned it out for the most part. She was a bit of a nut, but a demon in the sack. Hell, this one time she got a ring with a symbol on it and branded my... Yeah she was pretty weird,” said Ben, trailing off.
That gave Adam an idea; it was a long shot though.
“Hey Ben, you think you can ask your ex to dig up some of those pagan texts for us?” Adam asked.
“I don’t like where this is going. What are you thinking?” he replied.
“I’m thinking that we have no idea as to where this language originated. H-B here has said that the script is entirely unfamiliar to him, and I’ve never seen anything like it in my life. We’re going to have to start with a broader search, so let’s start with some obscure dead languages. Those Wiccan types are usually into runes and what have you, even if they don’t know what they mean, and if we can sort the new age babble from the real deal...”
“I’m on it,” Ben sighed as he whipped out his phone and started looking for his ex-girlfriend’s number.
H-B went down to the archives, saying he was going to try and find some pre-Roman runic texts that may be of use. Now alone together, Alice hit Adam playfully on the shoulder.
“Hey, you’re doing pretty well in charge here, boss man. I’m impressed,” she said.
The situation looking good, and for the first time in a while he felt like he was doing something right.
CHAPTER TEN: A FLIGHT TO REMEMBER



The days went on, and soon Adam’s team had entirely exhausted all of the documents that Hart had sent to them. Now that they were as caught up with the project as they were going to get, they tried to make some actual progress. With the amount of space that the spread out documentation was taking up Adam was seriously considering moving into a larger space, or at least moving the remainder of the unsorted museum junk into offsite storage for the time being.
Ben’s ex-girlfriend had sent him a box of old Wiccan texts in exchange for a date, an effort which proved to be in vain because none of the books held any useful information. Ben particularly unhappy about this as he had broken up with this particular girl because she was more than a little bit crazy and possessive. Alice tried to comfort him when they came up with nothing.
“Hey, at least we can cross something off the list,” she said reassuringly.
“Yeah, great, and I’m stuck with a stage five clinger. This deal blows,” said Ben, his phone vibrating endlessly with another call he was ignoring; it had not stopped for two days.
H-B had brought up dozens of different texts from the archives, scouring them for anything that even vaguely resembled the language on the Scholars Disc and in the Elysian Script. He was still optimistic that they would find some link, but as time went on and unchecked languages became scarce, Adam really began to lose hope. H-B did have one theory about it though which came out in a very strange conversation with Adam.
“This language is old,” said H-B.
“Yes, yes it is. What’s your point?” Adam asked.
“No, it’s really old. So old, I think, that we’re looking at it the wrong way,” said H-B, snapping a book on Old Norse runes shut.
“I’m not seeing where you’re going with this professor.” Said Adam.
H-B went over to a whiteboard and started drawing. He wrote the words English, French and Italian in a column and then the word Latin to the right of them.
“How are we able to translate from Latin into most European languages?” he asked the three. 
Adam and Ben looked at each other, dumbfounded. Alice, however, seemed to follow.
“They’re for the most part rooted in Latin,” she said.
H-B drew in lines connecting the three modern languages to Latin.
“Exactly. It’s a relatively simple process because we only really have to go back one or two steps. This Elysian Script, as Marcus calls it, must be far older,” said H-B
The professor drew the Key symbol at the far left of the board to signify the language, then drew a broken line with several question marks in the breaks back towards Latin.
“We have no idea how many language systems separate us from it. I believe what we need to look at are the known languages pre-dating the earliest European and African systems we would normally look at. Going further back than the early Middle Eastern and Asian dialects as well,” he continued.
“Alright. Can you email or call some people at Kurtz, King, Hadley and Alexandria for that?” Adam asked. 
H-B had already buried himself in another book by that point, but Alice responded for him.
“I already have. Figured we’d need to have a broader search anyway,” She said.
Adam shook his head and smiled.
“Could you be any more awesome?”
“Depends on whether I can schedule it in,” she responded with a wink.
Even though they had not actually made any forward progress, it was good that they would be able to take a lot of dead ends out of the equation. Though Hart had sent a lot of notes with the seven artefacts, they were uselessly vague. Adam still had not made an awful lot of headway with the Key or the Codex. He was hesitant to tell the others, because he did not want to seem like he was letting them down with all of their hard work.
*
Adam was holding the Key, dangling from its chain in the sunlight, when his office phone range. He recognized the number on the display as being from Hart Industries and promptly answered, dropping the golden amulet on his desk.
“Adam Thorne speaking.” He said.
“Oh good, I’ve managed to catch you, Mr Thorne. This is Riley Mathis at Hart Industries, just a few things we need to go over, do you have a minute?” Mathis asked. 
His tone seemed less condescending over the phone.
“Yeah, I’m free right now,” said Adam.
“Good, wouldn’t want to pull you away from your research. How is that going, by the way? I know you have sent a progress report already, I just prefer to hear it myself,” said Mathis.
Adam looked at the Key sitting idly on his desk.
“Things are going as well as they can. We’ve eliminated a lot of dead ends in terms of their possible origin so far, and we’re going to receive some more texts from a couple of our associate colleges soon,” said Adam. 
He looked to his laptop: still no response from King or Kurtz colleges, but they were in the middle of an exam period.
“Good, Mr Hart will be pleased. Now onto more pressing business. Do you have any immediate obligations to Locke College over the next twenty days?” Mathis asked.
That seemed an odd question to ask. He brought his schedule up on screen, and aside from a couple of interesting lecturers coming through that he intended to attend, there did not seem to be anything that would necessitate his presence on-campus.
“Not that I know of, we’re just about finished sorting through the museum’s uncategorized items and there’s a student break coming up,” he said.
“Good, good. Our researchers have found a possible untouched location of one of these relics,” said Mathis.
Adam jerked up at this, knocking some papers off his desk.
“Really? Where?”
The line was silent for a moment, but then he could faintly here the clicking of a keyboard.
“Kind of local, actually. A cavern within a canyon system, located deep within the Mojave Desert,” said Mathis.
Adam was stunned. The Mojave Desert.... surely that was a mistake. How could one of these items have gotten to North America... or South America... or any America for that matter?
“Are you sure about that Mr Mathis? Because every other artefact seems to have come either from Europe or Northern Africa or the Middle East,” said Adam, confused.
Mathis’ tone became sharper.
“Your job right now is not to question the location of these items, only to find and research them,” said Mathis.
“Wouldn’t researching them require questioning their location at some level?” Adam asked.
“You know exactly what I mean. One of our pilots will be landing at the strip adjacent to Locke College tomorrow at 0700 hours to take you to meet with a secondary team at an airstrip just outside of Vegas; I suggest that your team is ready to leave before then. Pack only what you really need, clothing and your own instruments, we’ll provide equipment based on the necessities of previous expeditions,” said Mathis.
Considering that the last expedition on this project had been in 1977, Adam hoped they would be getting some slightly more up to date equipment. He then had another, slightly more concerning thought.
“Hang on; aren’t you going to tell me anything about the actual expedition?” Adam asked.
“You will be debriefed either in flight or upon arrival. Good day Mr Thorne. Oh, and Mr Hart asked that you bring the Key with you, so keep it safe,”
Dial tone. Adam was left alone to his thoughts briefly. The Mojave Desert. Just as he seemed to be getting a sense of pattern from the artefacts this wildcard drops in. Part of him hoped it was going to be a wild goose chase, but another part of him was excited. Aside from a mock dig he had done whilst studying at the Alexandria Institute in Egypt, he had never been on a real archaeological expedition before. He dialed Alice’s number into his office phone to bring her up to speed on the situation.
*
The next morning arrived, and the four of them waited at the Richelieu landing strip for the plane to arrive. They had headed down just before dawn, so they had a good hour or so to wait before it would even be in sight. Teagues was not at the facility, when they asked his jaded receptionist they were told that he was in Paris on business. Alice had a clipboard with her and was checking they had everything they needed. She, Ben, and Adam had made a quick run to the nearest camping store the previous night in order to acquire some more durable clothing. H-B’s wife had packed for him, so the Professor was already well taken care of.
Since Alice and Ben were very experienced climbers and cavers, and considering they were headed for a canyon system, Adam had asked that they bring along some of their equipment. They had wheeled down a pair of old military foot lockers containing ropes, pitons, anchors, flares and all sorts of other equipment that they had used in the past, and one piece that they had never had an opportunity to. It was a small gun that fired drilling pitons into solid rock, modified by Teagues for heavy duty use. Part of the reason they had not used it yet was because it was technically an unregistered firearm, but mostly because it took away from the human element of climbing and hammering in a piton by hand.
“The Mojave Desert. You know, that is right next to Las Vegas. If this proves to be a bust we could always hit the casinos,” said Ben. 
He was lying on top of one of the foot lockers, throwing his phone in the air and catching it. Alice looked at him disapprovingly.
“Ben, last time you were in a casino you were lucky to leave with your clothes. You have a terrible poker face, and you hemorrhage cash. It’s not happening,” she said.
“Pfft, yeah, says you. Adam, I know you’re up for it. Think of the showgirls,” said Ben.
Adam, who was retying a shoelace that had come loose, just shook his head.
“Don’t think so Ben, I’m not the kind of guy to throw money down the drain. I mean, a social poker game can be great fun, but it gets way too heated at the tables,” he replied.
His greatest concern was the golden amulet he was wearing under his shirt, which he had a feeling Ben would pawn off in a second. He had no idea why Hart would want them to bring something o precious along, but he had been told not to ask questions.
Just before seven, a small plane appeared in the distance. As it came closer, they noticed it was a twin propeller driven craft. When it landed, they saw it was a Dornier Do 228, a mid-nineteen eighties model, marked with the Hart Industries logo on its wings and tail. As it taxied towards them and stopped, they got ready to board, and out of the side door came Riley Mathis wearing a black flight suit.
“Slight change of plans, I’ll be flying you to your destination myself. Mr Hart asked that a member of his staff be present as liaison,” said Mathis, in an oddly good mood.
Adam was quietly disappointed that it was not Macpherson tagging along instead, but it was not like he a lot of choice in the matter. Maybe he had judged Mathis wrong, just a bad first impression. The group loaded their gear onto the small aircraft and set off for their destination.
*
After a couple of turbulent hours in flight, it became apparent that Mathis was not employed by Hart for his piloting skills. The sky over the desert was near pitch black, a terrible storm was in the making. Mathis assured his passengers that they would be fine, he had flown through worse storms before, but Adam was not so sure about it. He went into the cockpit to ask a few questions.
 “Hey, so what’s the rush with this expedition?” Adam asked.
Mathis said something, but he couldn’t hear it over the buzz of the engines and the lashing of the wind and rain. Mathis held up a headset radio and indicated that he should put it on. When he did so, the noise of the storm was cancelled out and he could clearly hear Mathis speaking.
“We’ve been sitting on this discovery for a couple of weeks, keeping it away from the press and trying to keep it as need-to-know as possible. Mr Hart doesn’t want anyone else coming in to swipe this find. We had to wait until our science team was ready before we could set out. I’ll tell you in more detail when we’ve landed, looks like we’re about to come into some more heavy turbulence. Hold on to the headset though, the intercom here doesn’t work properly,” said Mathis.
“Why are we flying in such a museum piece anyway?” Adam asked.
Mathis shrugged.
“It was all I could get short notice; the jets are all in use, and if we had gone with a commercial flight or a charter it would attract too much attention. We have a half dozen of these sitting in a hangar at LAX, seemed the logical choice.” Mathis explained.
The plane began to rumble a little, and Mathis signaled with his free hand for Adam to go back and tell everyone to strap in. It was going to be a bumpy ride. Ben and H-B are already buckled up, the former asleep and the latter reading a back issue of National Geographic, and Alice is at the back of the plane, checking on her caving gear.
“Al, we’re about to hit some turbulence, gotta you know, take your seat, trays in the locked position and what have you,” said Adam, trying to make light of the situation.
When she turned around, she looked green. Alice had always had a problem with flying, and Mathis’ rough piloting did not help. It was difficult enough to get her onto an airline jet on her best days. With some difficulty he had managed to coax her into coming via plane today; she had argued for an hour the previous evening that they could make it just as easily by road.
“I... yeah... kind of not wanting to move right now, if that’s okay,” she said.
Adam rolled his eyes, and put his hand out towards her.
“Come on, you’ll be safer in your seat,” he assured her.
She looked between the tied-down locker and her seat for a moment, considering her options, and then grabbed his hand. Just as she did so, there was a blinding flash of light, a terrible cracking sound, and the whole plane shook violently. Alice and Adam were thrown to the floor, in a somewhat compromising position. The noises woke Ben up and cause H-B to swear.
“What the bloody hell is going on?” H-B exclaimed.
Mathis’ voice crackled over Adam’s headset.
“Shit, that was close! Lightning strike just ahead of us, another few yards and we’d have been toast! Everyone okay back there?” he asked.
Adam checked around. Everyone seemed fine apart from Alice, who was right then clinging onto him for dear life.
“You can get off me anytime now you know. Yeah, everything is okay back here, just a little shaken up. How far out are we?” Adam asked.
“Hang on, I’ll radio the airstrip,” said Mathis.
Alice came to her senses and climbed off him, muttering an apology before going to sit next to her brother who had been watching the situation on the floor with keen interest. Adam went and sat opposite H-B.
“What just happened, Adam?” the professor asked.
Adam felt a little embarrassed.
“Well, she kind of just fell on me,” said Adam.
“No, what caused that jolt?” H-B asked. 
He had torn several pages out of his magazine in shock.
“Oh right, that. We almost flew into a bolt of lightning,” said Adam.
H-B looked at him as if he was joking, but Adam’s deadpan delivery told it all.
“You mean we very nearly just died?”
“You know it,” said Adam.
“Well, we didn’t… I suppose that’s what’s important. A little bit exciting, really. Thrilling stuff. Any indication of when we’re likely to land?” asked H-B. 
The professor seemed to be taking the whole thing in stride, almost enjoying it.
“I’ll check with Mathis,”
Adam hit the transmit button on his headset.
“Give me good news Mr Mathis, how far out are we?”
Mathis’s response was a little more garbled, probably some residual static in the air from being so close to the lightning.
“I have good and bad news,” said Mathis.
“What’s wrong?” Adam asked, a knot forming in his stomach.
“The good news is that we’re going to be landing a lot sooner than expected,”
Adam began to feel a knot tighten.
“And the bad news?”
He could hear nervous laughter over the radio.
“Well, kind of along the same lines as the good news. It seems the storm has flooded the airstrip. And the next closest one is out of our fuel range. We’re landing on an old interstate freeway. On the upside, we won’t have to travel so far to get to the cavern,” said Mathis, far too calm for Adam’s liking.
“You’re kidding. You have got to be kidding. That’s not even slightly funny, why would you joke about a thing like that? That is seriously not funny,”
“I’m going to call the science team and tell them to drive out to where we’re landing. Relax; I’ve done this in a simulation before... kind of,” said Mathis.
Somehow Adam was finding it difficult to relax. It was time to take control of the situation in the passenger cabin, though, to avoid a panic. He unbuckled himself for a moment and shouted over the noise of the plane and the storm.
“Alright, we’re about to make an emergency landing. This is nothing to worry about; Mathis has assured me everything will be fine. Because the airstrip is flooded, we’re landing on an abandoned part of the old interstate. So just buckle up and everything should be fine,”
He sat down again and braced himself. After fifteen minutes passed, a stretch that felt more like an hour, Mathis’ voice came over his headset again.
“Alright, hang on tight!”
The descent seemed to play out in slow motion. At moments it felt like the small plane was going to break apart, throwing them out across the desert. Adam could hear Alice frantically muttering some focusing mantra over and over again under her breath as Ben tried to get her to calm down. The storm was not helping the situation at all, the winds were high and the rain was heavy. They all felt the shock and heard the screech of the tires hitting the road, bouncing a few times as was expected. Suddenly, they felt the plane lift again and there was a hideous screeching noise and the four of them all jolted forward violently in their seats as the cabin shook like the world was ending. Adam gripped his seat and held his breath.
CHAPTER ELEVEN: HART INDUSTRIES SPECIALIST R&D



“Jesus fuckin’ Christ, what in the hell was that?”
A large Mack truck and trailer had been cruising down the rain-soaked old interstate highway to meet with a plane making an emergency landing. The storm had flooded the runways at their original meeting place, so they were told to meet the plane where the pilot had estimated its landing point would be. Fortunately for them, the truck has been behind schedule and so they would really be meeting the plane halfway. They would be able to make up for lost time.
There were four of them in the truck cab, three Hart Industries scientists and a driver, and they had a trailer full of archaeological equipment and scientific instruments. Everything had been going fine so far in spite of the weather until just now, when something had collided with the top of the truck, forcing the emergency brakes on and sharply jolting everyone forward. The team’s leader checked everyone.
“Is everyone alright? Han? Roscoe? Alberto?” she asked, keeping cool.
The physicist, Japanese-American Dr Han Shuya, responded first.
“I’m fine, might have a sprained wrist at worst, but it feels like something I can walk off. These things should really come with airbags. How are you holding up Ross?” Shuya asked.
The second man, a geologist from Fort Worth named Roscoe Slater replied.
“Fan-fuckin-tastic. My head cushioned the blow, but I ain’t concussed that easily. But I think our driver friend had seen better days. You okay, Pablo? Amigo?” Slater asked.
The third man did not say anything. Not that it would have been much help, considering none of the three spoke Spanish. He had a gash on his forehead and blood was oozing out slowly. The leader of the group started looking around for a first aid kit.
“What about you sweetheart, how you holding up?” Slater asked.
“Don’t ever call me that. I’m fine, seatbelt saved me. Help me get Alberto out, looks like the storm is clearing,” she replied.
Slater looked up at the sky and laughed.
“Four hour monsoon in the middle of the fuckin’ desert just up and vanished the minute we hit the brakes. How about that?”
“Shut up and help me. Han, our CV is dead; see if you can radio Mathis on the plane, they’d have an emergency channel we could call for help with, or something like that,”
Han had already gotten out of the truck and was looking through the drizzle at the road behind them, his jaw dropped.
“I don’t think that’s going to be necessary, Liz.”
“Why?” she asked.
“The plane is right behind us,” said Han.
Elizabeth Pace climbed out of the truck cab and peered down the road and saw the half wrecked Dornier Do lying on its belly halfway down a sand dune a few hundred feet away, one wing half torn off and the landing gear nowhere in sight. When she looked up at the trailer she saw why: it had collided with the truck, ripping through the aluminium cover before losing a great deal of its undercarriage by getting caught in the framework.
“Oh God! Han, open the trailer, there should be some medical supplies in there, grab what you can!”
*
The plane had skidded down off the road and into the sand, where it had slowed to a stop in the muddied sand. Adam unbuckled himself as fast as possible to check on everyone.
“Alice, Ben, Tobias, you all alright?” he asked.
Ben and H-B were alright, but Alice seemed to be on the verge of a breakdown. Adam went over to her.
“Hey, hey, it’s alright. We’ve landed more or less. Let’s just get our stuff and get out of here,” he said in a comforting tone.
Alice pulled him in really close and whispered
“I hate you. I’m never flying again. Never, never, never,”
Adam smiled at her.
“You say that now, but I’m sure I can convince you to get up there again. We survived a plane crash, one of the least likely things on the planet; god took his shot and missed. Come on, things can only look up from here,”
She laughed half-heartedly. Mathis kicked down the cockpit door, which had come off its hinges in the crash, and stepped into the main cabin.
“Everyone okay? Yes? Good. Let’s get moving.”
Adam could not believe it.
“Now hold on a minute, you crash a plane in the middle of the desert and expect us to carry on like nothing happened? What the hell is wrong with you?” he exclaimed, incredulous.
Mathis eyes sharpened.
“The plane has landed; you are all fine, correct?” Mathis began.
“Yes, but-”
Mathis continued.
“We’re exactly where we need to be, all we have to do is wait for the truck to arrive with the others and we can proceed. My methods are abrasive, but effective. I always get the job done to a tee Mr Thorne. Mr Hart does not tolerate failure,”
“You nearly killed all of us!” Ben shouted.
“Nearly. Key word there. You are alive and in good health. The plane is wrecked, however, an acceptable write-off. Now grab your stuff, the weather is beginning to clear. I’ll radio the truck,” said Mathis.
“Crazy bastard, better not have broken any of my junk...” Ben muttered as he unzipped his bag.
Mathis opened the rear hatch and climbed out. Their first impression was right after all: he was a jerk. Adam helped the others out and they collected their things. The rain had slowed to a mere drizzle by this stage, so they climbed out through the passenger door, which was the only way they could get the two foot lockers out of the cabin now that the cargo doors were crushed shut. Adam was the first one out, and he immediately collided with someone running towards the plane, knocking him down to the ground.
“Oh my god, are you alright?” his assailant asked. 
It was a woman. Adam was reasonably stunned, and light was starting to appear through the clouds. It caught the young woman from behind, giving her a bright aura and bringing out her incredible features. Shoulder length, curly blonde hair, bright blue eyes, a killer body... she was gorgeous. He could even hear an eighties power ballad playing in the background to emphasize the moment, which brought him to one possible conclusion.
“I might be dead,” Adam said, dazed.
“Huh?” she asked.
“I was just in a plane crash and now I’m looking up and seeing an angel. I must be dead. It makes sense,” he said. 
The woman blushed.
“Cute, real cute. I bet you use that line on everyone who crash-tackles you,”
“Only the really pretty ones. Where’s that music coming from though?” Adam asked. 
He looked back to the crashed plane to see Ben victoriously holding up his still-functioning iPod dock. The beautiful woman helped him to his feet. Adam was about to say something when Mathis appeared and cut him off.
“Oh, Dr Pace, I was hoping that was you. Managed to set her down alright without any collateral damage. Is your cargo intact?” he asked, cutting immediately to business.
“Well, yes, Mr Mathis, I think the trailer did more damage to your plane than it took. Dr Shuya and Dr Slater are tending to it now. Our driver has head wounds and a concussion though; do you have any way to contact an ambulance?” Dr Pace explained.
Mathis tossed her a satellite phone.
“Make it quick, we have a schedule to keep. I’ll round everyone up for the briefing,” he said.
Dr Pace walked back towards the truck, behind which a large amount of debris from their crash was scattered. Adam thought about the enormous level of good grace that had just spared them. Maybe luck was on his side.
*
The sky was clearing up quickly, and soon the unforgiving desert sun was beating down upon them, causing the damp road to steam slightly at their feet. The heat quickly began to bear down on the group, so Mathis gathered everyone under the shade of the downed airplane’s wing. The Hart team consisted of the stunning Dr Pace, a lanky, sun-beaten man in his mid to late thirties with a sour demeanor, and an Asian man in a Soundgarden shirt, with long black hair featuring bright purple streaks. Adam thought he recognized this last person from somewhere, but could not quite place him.
“Alright, I think we should start off with introductions, for everyone’s benefit. Representing Hart Industries Specialist Research and Development with have Dr Han Shuya, our physicist, Dr Roscoe Slater, our geologist, and Dr Elizabeth Pace, our very skilled engineer and team leader. From Locke College we have Sir Tobias Hadley-Baldwin, Benjamin and Alice Crane, and their team leader Adam Thorne,”
The two teams exchanged pleasantries. The pretty woman who had knocked him down before, Dr Pace, came over to Adam.
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you Dr Thorne, I’ve heard a lot about your work, and-” she began, but Adam cut her off.
“I’m not a doctor. Not yet at least, nearly finished with doctoral studies, my grandfather had the same name and actually was a doctor so... yeah, just call me Adam.” he said, extending a hand.
She seemed a little disappointed upon hearing his correction, but graciously took his hand anyway.
“Alright... Adam,”
“And what should I call you, Dr Pace?” he asked
She smiled.
“Liz. You can call me Liz.”
One of the other Hart scientists, Slater, came over.
“Hey, how come I ain’t allowed to call ya Liz?” he asked, loudly.
Liz closed her eyes and sighed heavily.
“Because, Roscoe. Just because,” said Liz.
The boorish Texan extended his hand.
“Dr Roscoe Slater, put her there partner!” he said.
The Texan’s grip was deliberately powerful. Adam wondered if there was some sort of thing happening between the two scientists, the way he seemed to pounce after that friendly introduction. The third came up and introduced himself to Adam. He had a strong Boston accent that caught him off guard.
“Han Akira Shuya, quantum physics, and I believe we have met once before. Do you know a French pilot named Lawrence Teagues?” Han asked.
“Yeah, he’s my adoptive brother, actually, H-B’s son,” Adam replied.
So he was one of Teagues’ friends; that narrowed it down.
“Yeah, we studied at MIT together. I believe I met you on spring break. Tell me, is he still holding up to the Casanova title?” Han asked.
Adam laughed out loud.
“Well, they keep lining themselves up, and he keeps knocking them down,”
Mathis called once again for everyone’s attention.
“Alright, now that that’s out of the way, I think it would be prudent for me to give you your briefing. On Mr Hart’s behalf, I’d like to thank you all for coming out here today. This is quite a significant project as you all know, and Mr Hart is very careful about whom he chooses to man these operations. The last team we had, you should know, went missing several months ago. We believe that the leader of said team attempted to abscond with his finds, coordinated an attack on his fellows with outside assistance, and is now on the run. We have alerted Interpol and several other organizations to the matter. I trust that none of you are foolish enough to try anything of that nature,” said Mathis, looking over everyone sharply.
Mathis had failed to mention that Elton and his team were still missing, and the Hart Science team seemed to be handling the news of a previous team’s existence as if this were the first they had heard about it.
“When our in-house researchers first got word of this site in the Mojave, Mr Hart was skeptical to say the least. However, the eyewitness who stumbled upon it gave details that matched previous discoveries of the same nature, so we decided to go out on a limb and look for ourselves. That is what we are here to do over the next several days,” Mathis explained, opening a black Halliburton case. 
Adam interrupted him.
“Hold on, what eyewitness?” he asked.
Mathis handed him a dossier from the case.
“The science team has already been briefed on this, but for your benefit I will elaborate. Five weeks ago, an aviation enthusiast named John Charleston was flying a monoplane over the Mojave, and was forced to crash in the salt flats after his engine died. He set off his GPS beacon and waited for help to arrive, but after three days of nothing he began to look for shelter. In a canyon system that he estimated to be five miles out from where he crashed, he came across an area with a natural spring, which we believe may have been poisonous. In this canyon he found a cave that he used as shelter, and within this cave he found a wall featuring a mural, one that from his description matched aesthetic of one that Mr Hart had found in Syria,” Mathis began. 
Adam felt a sudden chill down his spine, as if he were being watched, but dismissed it as anxiety. There was no one around for miles; only sparse desert scenery. Mathis continued.
“After ten days alone in the desert, he set out with a half-gallon of tainted water and a compass to try and find civilization. A local Sherriff’s patrol picked him up not far from where we are now after another six days of travel, near death. When he arrived in the hospital, he kept on drawing the Key symbol, the same one featured on every authentic artefact that we’ve found so far, and spoke gibberish about something called ‘the gift’ when questioned about it. He died from renal failure not long afterwards, which doctors have linked to the tainted water. Because the plane he was flying was leased from one of our local holdings we were contacted, and that is what has led us to where we are now.
Our objective is to locate this cave and investigate. Considering that this area was once populated by Native Americans there is a high chance that whatever item was held in the cave, if any, has been long spirited away. Should that be the situation, new data from the site itself could prove to be invaluable. Whatever the case, we have orders to search. Any questions?” Mathis finished, placing his clipboard in the case.
Ben put his hand up, to ask a rare valid question.
“Yeah, how exactly are we meant to find this cave? ‘Cause the Mojave Desert isn’t exactly a schoolyard sandbox,” said Ben.
Mathis reached into his backpack and pulled out a heavy duty GPS tracker.
“Charleston told us that the canyon was less than five miles from his plane. All we have to do is find the plane and it shouldn’t be too hard to find the cave. He also said that the canyon had a considerable amount of vegetation and something about the Eagle’s Claws, but that didn’t match anything from our satellite sweeps. Before you ask, the satellite sweeps didn’t pick up the plane either. There has been heavy wind activity here in recent weeks and Charleston said he had half buried the plane upon impact,”
Ben put his hand down.
“Now, moving right along, transport. Dr Slater, are the Boars ready?” Mathis asked.
“Yes sir, but only one of them is a Boar. Other is just a modified Bush pig. Those buys down under sure now how to build an off-roader, I tell you what,” said Slater.
Adam interrupted.
“How did you get a Boar? Lawrence Teagues has the only one in existence,” said Adam. 
Teagues would absolutely lose it if he found out his designs had been leaked; he considered all of his works to as precious as his children would be.
“He delivered it to us just a few days ago, left it and the other vehicle in a transport container at the landing strip where we were supposed to land. He’s lent them to us for this occasion at Mr Hart’s request,” Mathis explained.
Adam found that strange, Teagues was not usually one to lend out anything he had invented if it had not been thoroughly patented yet.
“Oh, okay then, I thought he would have told me if he was going to be involved in this,” said Adam.
“He was not told what we were intending to use it for. He should be completely unaware of this particular operation, and is to remain so until Mr Hart sees fit to inform him, if that is the case. Confidentiality is going to be crucial if we’re to succeed,” said Mathis.
“At least Teagues could have landed a god damned plane in once piece,” Adam heard Alice mutter under her breath.
Mathis was not likely to be in her good books for a long time. Adam was about to ask Dr Pace a question when Mathis once more called for the attention of the group.
“Alright everyone, we have a strict schedule to keep. We don’t know where exactly this plane crashed, so we may have a good couple of days search ahead of us. Once we find the plane we have to locate the canyon system, and within that the cavern itself. We only have fourteen more days that we can keep this thing quiet at the most, so we have to use our time wisely. Divide up into two groups, Dr Shuya will drive the Boar, and I will drive the Bush Pig. We leave in ten minutes,”
Mathis made his way towards the semi-trailer in order to unload the ATVs. Adam stared after him for a moment, before Roscoe Slater’s voice snapped him back to the real world.
“Hey, so you want to ride with us or Mathis, Dr Jones? ‘Cause we only got enough room for four max with all of our shit packed in,” said Slater.
Adam looked over at Liz. She was writing something down in a small pink notebook, oblivious to the world around her. He considered going with the science team for a moment, but figured for the time being he would be best to stick with his own team, especially after what they had just been through. They could get to know one another later, he hoped.
“I’m gonna stick with my people. Just survived a plane crash, after all,” said Adam.
A sleazy smirk appeared on Slater’s face.
“Everybody wins. See you out in the desert then, Amigo.”
CHAPTER TWELVE: NEEDLE IN A HAYSTACK



A Bushmaster Infantry Mobility Vehicle, also known as a Bush Pig, is designed to comfortably hold up to nine fully armed soldiers and a driver, and although Teagues had stripped this unit of the majority of its interior, Adam, H-B, Alice and Ben were squeezed towards the front. The Bush Pig had been loaded with all sorts of archaeological equipment and survival gear, making the rough ride out into the dunes a lot less pleasant than it could have been. They were three hours into their journey, and they had not yet gotten a blip on the GPS tracker.
“Is it at all possible that the pilot never actually set off the beacon?” H-B asked Mathis.
“Possible, but unlikely. He was very lucid shortly before he passed away, and emphasized that he had set off the GPS beacon and no one had come for him. There is an off chance that he crashed near an iron deposit, the magnetism scrambling the transmission, and being submerged would exacerbate that. For now we just follow a bearing towards the Death Flats. Once we are within twenty miles of it, even if it is buried under six feet of mud, we should get a signal,” said Mathis, confidently.
“You sure are putting a lot of faith in that signal, man,” Ben commented, not looking up from his phone game.
“This GPS tracker was designed for military use by Sigma Three, one of our telecoms subsidiaries. If it’s out there, this will find it,” Mathis pressed.
Adam was getting restless; his mind seemed to be in a different place. Staring out of the small tinted window into the yellow-white expanse of the desert under the sun, he found himself thinking about Liz Pace. It was strange; not since his fiancé had dumped him years earlier had he felt so drawn to someone. He wondered if he was thinking too much into it, as Slater seemed to be rather territorial with her, though she seemed to regard the geologist with disdain. The thoughts were clouding his mind; he tried to block them out. Childish as it was, he did not want to feel that way about anyone anymore. Something he would surely get over in time, but his most recent wounds still felt too raw. Adam mused to himself how one bad experience had the ability ruin all that followed.
“Hey, what’s up, buttercup?” Alice asked him. 
Clearly he was doing a poor job of hiding his thoughts. She knew him too well.
“Just thinking about stuff. You know some yuppies still come out here, having no connection to the people of this place, and get high off their asses on peyote to commune with the spirits of the land?” he said, trying to lighten his own mood.
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“Yeah, I’m fine. It’s all just so out of nowhere, I mean working for Hart, this expedition, a freaking plane crash. I don’t think it’s completely hit me yet,” he replied.
“Yeah, that’s a load to carry, but you’re coping well with it so far. You know we’re here for you if you need us… I do have a question for you though,” said Alice.
“Oh yes?”
His curiosity was piqued.
“Why do you think we’d need a physicist, a geologist and an engineer out here? Isn’t this meant to be a dig?” she asked.
The thought had not really occurred to Adam until the moment it was presented it to him. It did seem strange to have that particular combination of people out here.
“Perhaps we should be expecting something out of the ordinary to happen. Hell, just coming here is out of the ordinary. I’m still wondering if this might just be a wild goose chase, you know, considering the all other artefacts were found scattered around the Mediterranean,” he said.
Alice took a swig from her water bottle, and offered it to Adam. He declined.
“What does it mean if there is actually something out there though?”
Adam had been waiting for someone to ask that question. He was still unsure how to properly answer it.
“I really don’t know. Maybe settlers brought something across from Europe and the natives enshrined it. Maybe whoever created these items was a global traveler. I mean, H-B doesn’t think that Magellan was the first man to circumnavigate the globe. The numerous similarities in such disparate ancient cultures cannot be ignored. Like the various forms of sun worship found around the globe, the construction of pyramids and ziggurats by both the Arabic and Semitic peoples and several Mesoamerican societies, various creation stories and apocalyptic scenarios, and so on,”
H-B piped up. This was one of his pet areas of knowledge.
“Good to know you did pay some attention in my classes, boy, but I cannot say any of that with certainty. That’s the wonder of history, nothing is truly certain. It remains mere speculation until proven or disproven with fact and evidence. Even then it can still be challenged, though many seem to grasp at straws,”
There was a sudden rush of cold air. Ben had finally figured out how to turn on the air conditioning. That would make the trip a little bit more bearable. Adam wondered how Liz’s team was doing in the Boar.
*
At sundown Mathis signaled for the convoy to stop. They had so far covered sixty square miles, the terrain making it very difficult to move with any great speed. Mathis informed them that they would be setting up camp for the night, and continue their search at daybreak. According to the GPS system in the Bush Pig, they were nearing the outskirts of Death Valley. With luck they wouldn’t have to risk traversing the salt flats; the heavy vehicles would not be able to handle that kind of terrain, and if something that heavy got bogged down in a salt flat, it became a permanent feature of the landscape.
Adam, Ben, Mathis, Han and Slater unloaded the tents. There were four two man tents and a larger main tent which they were going to use as a makeshift eating/living area, so everyone had to pair off for the night. Mathis drew up on a pad how he thought the paring should work out.
1. Hadley-Baldwin and Thorne
2. A and B Crane
3. Mathis and Shuya
4. Slater and Pace
Alice objected to this and drew up her own arrangement, which the majority agreed would be a fairer deal. She and Liz in tent one, Mathis and Slater in tent two, H-B and Han in tent three and Adam and Ben in tent four. Slater seemed disappointed, but the rest of the group felt it was ideal, so the majority won.
Using the floodlights attached to the two heavy vehicles, the team managed to set up camp within minutes, and Mathis distributed ration packs to everyone. He explained that Hart Industries had a contract with the United States Marine Corps and the US Army to pack and provide field rations, and taking advantage of that resource would prove logistically easier than individual food sources. Alice raised the point that some of them may be allergic to different types of foods, but Mathis dismissed her comment, saying he had ensured that all of that had been taken into consideration beforehand.
“And with that, I bid you all goodnight. I suggest you all get a good rest, as we continue the search tomorrow at dawn,”
Mathis retired to his sleeping bag, and the others convened inside the very large tent that had been designated their eating and working shelter. They had set it up at the rear of the Boar, so they could take advantage of the air conditioning filtering through in a makeshift setup. There was obvious tension in the air between the two groups, as if one was waiting for the other to make a move, but neither did. 
Adam checked out his rations. Nothing special in there, at least nothing he hadn’t seen before. It made him think about his eighteen month hitch in the Marine Corps, which he had signed up for at eighteen. He was discharged early, halfway through his first tour of duty in Afghanistan as an infantryman, due to some mystery technicality that had never properly been explained to him, a red tape issue that disqualified him from service. It had dashed his long term hopes of applying to the Officer’s Candidate School in Quantico. He had applied to Locke College after that, and settled into student life. A voice snapped him out of his reminiscence. 
“Hey, Adam, hi,”
It was Liz. In spite of all that time he had spent thinking about talking to her he had not actually managed to think of anything to say.
“H-hey Doc... Liz. What’s up?” he stuttered, caught off guard. 
He wished he had thought of something better to say to her than that. Their eyes met for a second when he looked up, and he quickly looked away.
“Can I talk to you for a moment? In private?” she asked.
An unexpected development, but one he took in stride.
“Um, yeah sure, why not?”
“Good, come with me,”
Liz led him out towards the Bush Pig. The rear door was still open so they climbed in and she shut the door behind them. Adam sat down, and she did the same opposite him.
“Glad I could get you alone; I have some things to discuss with you that I’d rather not bring up in front of everyone,” she said.
This was not exactly how he had pictured the conversation going, but he went along with it anyway. A chance to make a good impression with her.
“I’m all ears,” he said.
“Right. First, because you’re not who I thought you were, I need to know whether you’ve actually been on an expedition before, or if this is your first,” said Liz. 
Her tone was fairly sharp, and caught him off guard.
“Well, not as such. I went on a couple of mock digs in Egypt whilst studying but that’s the extent of my field experience. I was a Marine, so wilderness isn’t an issue,” he said.
She seemed understandably unimpressed by that.
“Alright then, here’s the deal. This is an important operation, and I cannot afford any screw ups at all. You stay out of our way, and we’ll stay out of yours. Mathis glossed over the details; we really have two separate missions. Yours is to find the artefacts, ours is to study their properties and those of their shrines for future application. We have taken a lot of delicate equipment out here and none of it is cheap, so if you screw anything up for us by God I will rain hell down on you like you wouldn’t believe. You’ll be lucky to be a teacher’s assistant by the time I’m done with you. Are we clear?” she said.
“Okay...”
The way she spoke, so cold and sharp, she meant business. He would need to tread lightly. Clearly read her wrong at first; Liz Pace was not the laid back and warm person she initially came off as, seeming more likely a hard-hitting corporate climber. That idea was fairly disappointing, but accepted that he should not have let his little crush get his hopes up in the first place. His mind should be on the job, not his social life.
“We’re done here, I’ll see you tomorrow. Sleep good, tiger,” she said, winking at him before she jumped out and rejoined the others. 
It was like she had flipped personalities again. Adam was left sitting in the back of the vehicle more confused than he had ever been in his life. 
“What the hell just happened here?” he asked himself, and to his surprise he got an answer from Ben.
“I think you might have been friendzoned, but I’m not ready to call it. Either way, that was painful to hear,” said Ben. 
He peered out from the front seat where he had been hiding.
“How did you get in here and why were you eavesdropping on us?” Adam asked, livid.
Ben shrugged kicked his feet up on the dash.
“I ninja’d my way in to grab my water bottle, and decided to overhear your little dressing down when you two appeared... hard to get a bead on that one, this is where we need Teagues’ expertise,” said Ben.
“She seemed so nice when she crash-tackled me. Wonder what her deal is,” Adam pondered aloud.
Ben climbed over to join him.
“Women, man. There’s always something. Take my sister for example, she says all she wants to do is find a nice guy to settle down with, but she keeps mixing herself up with idiots. No offense to you bro, I mean, even though you were on the scene for a while you left it before the jackass phase started. I was cool with you being there,” he said.
“I dunno man; I’ve had my share of jackass efforts. Besides, you sure Alice would want you saying stuff like that?” Adam laughed.
Ben shrugged again.
“She knows it, I know it, and you know it. What else can I say, man? We’re all fairly tight. Hell, the only thing stopping all of us from being related is biology. Or law. But there’s no way you’re marrying Alice, I mean how could I let such a tragedy befall you?”
Adam laughed. Ben always had a strange way of making almost any situation trivial and fun.
“Come on, A-to-the-God-Damn; let’s see if the others are up for a round of poker. We are kinda near Vegas. Sort of. Not really,”
They jumped out of the Bush Pig and returned to the main tent. Only Han and Alice were still there, the former explaining something about physics and energy to the latter.
“You see if we can work out a way to build an engine that runs on its own fissile waste, and the waste of that waste, we would have a near-infinite energy source, one that can burn cleanly and with massive output. That’s the energy crisis solved; no more dependence on fossil fuels or nuclear waste problems. But outside of tritium, no such compound exists terrestrially to burn, even if we did have the damn engine. All we can really do is hope that a comet loaded with the stuff swings close enough to our atmosphere that we can obtain enough to last,” said Han.
“That’s great. I’m not going to lie to you Han; I have no idea what you just said. The whole science thing usually goes way over my head. Guess I’m just a humanities girl,” said Alice.
She looked up when she noticed Adam and Ben walking into the tent and gestured for them to sit down.
“Hey guys, come join us. Han was just explaining to me about... what was it called?” she asked.
“The Murdoch Solution,” said Han.
“Right, that,”
Han Shuya seemed to be a lot more laid back than his two colleagues. Whereas Slater and Liz had worn very durable clothes likely designed for desert fieldwork, his attire consisted of worn jeans, sneakers, and an open flannel shirt over a Soundgarden tee-shirt. He beckoned for them to sit down.
“So what is the Murdoch Solution?” Adam asked.
“I won’t go over the whole thing again, but I’ll give you the executive summary. The Murdoch Solution is a method of resolving a global energy crisis. We all know that there are only so many fossil fuels and fissile materials on earth, and to synthesize more takes more energy than would be gained from any finished product. Scottish physicist Gerard Murdoch theorized that there is an element that self sustains; when it is burned, it reconstitutes itself without losing mass or potency. Were one to find a source of this element, a single ounce could power the entire planet for fifty years, including an assumed 30% saturation of electric or hybrid vehicles. This super-matter would solve all of the world’s energy problems and give nations one less reason to go to war. The problem is that no such element exists on Earth, and only traces of it have been found from impacts of comets that have passed through a dark nebula. That, and we’re not yet at the stage of building an engine or reactor to harness that power,” Han explained.
At the mention of an energy crisis, Adam was reminded of his experience with Teagues’ Exponential Generator Engine. This would be a step up from it though; instead of stretching the use of nuclear fuels it would entirely eliminate the need for them. Adam wondered if Teagues had told him about that little project. Han continued.
“That’s one reason for our involvement in this expedition. Or at least, my involvement. I have a theory that the origin of these relics may have something to do with a super-matter based power source. I mean, do you have any idea how much raw energy it would take to manipulate a substance to the point of indestructibility?”
The three of them looked at Han, dumbstruck.
“What do you mean indestructibility?” Adam asked.
Han seemed genuinely surprised be the question.
“You didn’t know? Maybe they didn’t send you the notes, but our research and development section has been working with these items for years, testing them. They have survived the equivalent of six times our sun’s heat unscathed, withstood the gravity of an artificial black hole, proven impossible to even scratch or dent with the heaviest and sharpest tools, and they look like they’re made from everyday human materials. They shouldn’t exist, they’re impossible... the thing that they’re made of is itself a miracle substance, but however they were made is a greater miracle still,” Han finished. 
He looked at his watch.
“Well then, time to clock off. A long day of sifting through the desert lies ahead of us and as you can clearly see I need my beauty sleep. Goodnight to you all,”
By this point, it really was getting late. A coyote howled in the distance, so they decided to pack it in for the night. Getting into his light sleeping bag, Adam was still reeling from what Han had said about the items. Indestructible... Impossible. He thought of the Key resting against his chest under his shirt, and for a moment his mind wandered back to the strange things he had seen when he first held it. He drifted off, taking in the strange day he had just had. All he could think about was what new weirdness the next day could bring.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN: HIA-270E



When Mathis woke everyone up the next morning by honking the horn on the Bush Pig repeatedly for a whole five minutes, it was still dark. He had not been joking when he said they resumed at dawn.
“Man, this guy does not want to be liked.” Ben grumbled, rubbing his eyes.
The winds had been strong throughout the night, so when Adam went to open the tent a good foot of sand that had built up around it poured in. He swore under his breath, the coarse grains were going to get into everything they owned. Across the way he heard Alice swear loudly as well, clearly having just made the same mistake. Over in the main tent, Adam could see that H-B was already up and drinking tea. The professor was very much aware of what he did, and he just loved to play up the British sophistication stereotype.
Once everyone was up and about, Mathis gave them their itinerary for the day: Locate the plane, find the cavern hidden within the canyon system, and begin the excavation. It was condescendingly straightforward, and more or less exactly what everyone assumed they would be doing, but Mathis emphasized that the sooner they got onto the latter parts the better, which was why they were going to make a start as soon as the sun came up. Everyone had a quick breakfast out of their ration packs, the popular choices being granola bars and freeze-dried orange juice, and they set about packing up the campsite. Adam and Ben shook as much sand as they could out of their tent and folded it away, then got to work on the main tent.
“So Adam, are you going to have another swing with Professor Blondie, or are you feeling too intimidated?” Ben asked, chidingly.
“Shut up man, she might hear you. And I wasn’t having a swing with her, it was all professional,” Adam lied.
Ban slapped him on the back and laughed.
“It’s a river in Egypt, bro. I mean I see why you would, she’s a looker, maybe into you, but she seems to me like a little bit of a nutcase,” he said.
Alice appeared behind him, already packed and ready to go. Liz was helping Han and H-B finish up out of earshot.
“My ears are burning; what are you two up to?” she said.
“If your ears are burning, put on some sunscreen. Come on sis, we were having a private conversation,” Ben remarked, brushing her off.
“Like anything ever stops you from barging in on other people having them,” Alice retorted, hitting him hard on the arm.
Ben gently shoved his sister back, and was clearly about to say something he would regret. Adam intervened before it could escalate.
“Knock it off you two, we’re not doing this out here. It’s not important. We came here to do a job, so let’s do the best we can, alright?” he said.
The twins backed down, and Mathis came over to them.
“Exactly the leadership initiative I hope to see in you, Mr Thorne. Keep the kids in line. Carry on,”
Mathis threw the already packed tents into the back of the Bush Pig, whistling a tune as he walked away. Ben stared after him for a moment in disbelief, unsure of what had just happened.
“This guy, I swear to god, this freaking guy. What is his freaking deal?” he said, exasperated.
*
Despite having the early start, the team did not set out until nearly eight. The engines of the two vehicles had become flooded with sand overnight, and Han and Slater’s combined efforts took over an hour to find and activate the filtration systems. The sky was completely clear, and the weather was looking to tip 115 degrees. Still, it would be a more comfortable ride than the previous day considering they would all be completely dry, and the air conditioners in the Bush Pig and the Boar were working at full capacity thanks to Ben’s curious tinkering.
The two vehicles bounded over the sand dunes for hours, and in the Bush Pig H-B found a way for everyone pass the time: by giving them a pop quiz. Only H-B would think that such a thing would constitute entertainment, Adam mused, but he played along.
“Alright. The order in which the following civilizations declined: Egypt, Rome, Greece and Carthage. Go,”
Adam managed to get in with his answer first.
“Carthage, Greece, Egypt, Rome. If bundle the Kingdom, the Republic, the Empire and Byzantines together as one Rome,” He said, looking out of a window at the Boar.
“Well done, and here I was trying to trip you up. Alright then boy, this one is just for you. Name the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World in reverse order of destruction.” H-B challenged.
That was a tricky one, annoyingly specific too. Verbal quizzes were not his strong point. He preferred to have things down on paper; they usually made more sense then. He gave it a try anyway.
“Okay, the lighthouse at Alexandria, I know that because I’ve been to the site. Then the Colossus of Rhodes. Then... the Mausoleum of Halicarnassus, then the Temple of Artemis, then the Statue of Zeus, then the Hanging Gardens of Babylon if they existed, and the oldest one of all, the Great Pyramid, still stands so that doesn’t really count. Right?” Said Adam.
H-B was about to answer, but Mathis cut him off.
“We’ve got a signal. It’s faint, but we’ve got it. Looks about twenty miles due east,”
He radioed the science team to follow him. Alice checked their position relative to the signal on the map, and made an inconvenient discovery.
“We have a slight problem here. We only have another ten miles of solid ground to the east, after that there’s a huge slat flat spread out well over twice that area half surrounded by a low mountain range. And as far as I can tell, these things are going to be too heavy to get through without getting totally bogged down,” said Alice.
Mathis clearly had not been expecting this.
“Well, if the GPS transmitter is near a mineral deposit I suppose that would limit its range to about 80%. The pilot didn’t say anything about how far into the salt flats he crashed, so with luck we’ll find it on the outskirts,”
“This is the same pilot who was found after days wandering out in the desert with no food and a small amount of tainted water, right?” Ben asked.
“It won’t be a problem. Trust me on this.”
As they drove on another few miles and the signal only became marginally stronger, their hopes receded. If the plane had crashed deep in the salt flats they would have to carry on for a while on foot, and there was a chance that the plane had in fact sunk into the muck, lost forever. Once they found the plane it would be a lot easier to find the correct canyon system, but until then it remained their biggest obstacle.
*
“Of course this would happen, why would anything ever be easy?” Adam lamented as they reached the very outskirts of the salt flats. 
The signal had gotten a lot stronger, but they were still several miles away from it. With the sun relentlessly beating down on them it was not going to be a pleasant trek, but they had little other choice. If one of the two vehicles became stuck, there was no way the other could find the necessary traction to pull it out. The Boar pulled up alongside the Bush Pig, and the group laid out their options.
“We could try unloading all superfluous weight from the Bushmaster and attempt to traverse the flats that way,” H-B suggested.
“No, even down to its bare chassis, engine and wheels it would still be too heavy. These were designed to cross just about every terrain bar this,” Han responded.
“Can’t we call in a helicopter or something? I mean, didn’t you guys say we had access to every Hart resource we could possibly need?” Ben asked, but Mathis shook his head.
“It would take too long to get through all the red tape. I could fly one, but getting it out here would take at least another two days,” said Mathis. 
From his tone it was clear that he was irritated by the fact he had not anticipated this situation. Adam, after what Han had said the previous night, was becoming anxious to find the plane. The idea of the artefacts truly being indestructible was almost too crazy to believe, but something in his gut told him to go with it. He had to know.
“Look, it can’t be that far out, and in theory the plane is the only thing on the flats, right?” Adam asked, looking at Mathis.
“Yes. The canyon system Charleston described probably wouldn’t exist within the salt flats region itself, but would be nearby and should be accessible by vehicle, assuming our satellite images are correct,” said Mathis.
“Alright then, so all we need to do is find the plane and determine the position of the exact canyon system from it. After that, you take the two vehicles around the flats to a point where you can access the canyon. How many of you are willing to walk it?” Adam asked the group.
Before anyone else could react, Slater stepped forward and made a comment.
“Forgive my French, Moses, but are you out of your fuckin’ mind? You’re lookin’ out at one of the deadliest vast spaces in the world and you wanna go out there for a casual Sunday stroll? It’s gotta be at least a fifteen mile round trip, assuming you can actually find the plane, in some of the nastiest heat outside of the God damn Sahara. Place is called the Death Flats for a reason, all I’m sayin’,”
After Slater finished his little rant, the rest of the group hid their reactions well. True, it was not going to be easy, but there were no other reasonable suggestions being put forward.
“I’ll do it alone if I have to,” said Adam after a moment of silence.
Alice and Ben stepped forward, and the surprisingly so did Han and Liz.
“Well, I know you have a poor sense of direction, so I’ll make sure you don’t get lost,” said Alice.
“Article 2 of The Bro Code states that a bro is entitled to do something stupid so long as his other bro’s are doing it. Plus, you know, a tan couldn’t hurt,” said Ben, bringing up his hallowed tome on his iPhone.
“I know how to work the GPS tracker and can determine geographical positions pretty well, just simple trigonometry and applied mathematics,” said Han, somewhat excited.
“I’m curious about the black box on the plane, might be something useful in the flight recording, so I’m in,” said Liz, making sharp eye contact with Adam.
Slater stared at the volunteers in disbelief for a moment, and then walked back towards the Boar.
“Whatever, no way in hell you’re getting me out there. We’ll pick up your bleached bones later. Bunch of morons,” said Slater.
“And nothing of value was lost,” Ben muttered.
Adam was surprised that they had all volunteered, and turned to H-B.
“Feeling up for a desert march Professor?” he asked.
H-B held up his hand and shook his head.
“I’ll sit this one out. I could make the trek, but I fear I would be of little use to you out there,” said H-B.
“That’s fine; a smaller group is probably a better idea,” said Adam.
Mathis seemed pleased with the outcome, mostly by the haste with which they had arrived at it.
“Alright, Dr Shuya I’ll give you the Sigma 3 tracker and a short wave radio. It has a range of about twelve miles so we should for the most part be able to keep in contact. Mr Thorne, do you still have the headset I gave you in the plane?” Mathis asked.
Adam checked the front pocket of his battered rucksack and pulled the unit out.
“Good, we’ll use the frequency on that to stay in contact with one another. That’s channel 117, Dr Shuya. When you find it, send us the rough position of the canyon entrance and we’ll drive out there. Charleston said it was about ten miles away from where he crashed, but it may be less. Actually, better idea. Considering that these flats stretch at least twenty five square miles across, if the plane is closer to where we are now than it is to the canyons we’ll wait here, if not we’ll meet you there. The plane’s registration number is HIA-270E, in case there are any other downed aircraft out there,” said Mathis, handing the radio and tracker over to Han.
Adam was beginning to have second thoughts about this. They could be travelling over as much as twenty miles of sand flats under intense heat on foot in the worst case scenario. However, he knew that somehow it had to get done. This would just be a case of him sucking it up and moving forward. It was really no worse than some of the pack marches he had done in the Corps.
“Alright, sounds like a good plan. Everyone coming, I suggest you take along only the bare essentials. Water enough high-carb food to keep your energy up. One thing I learned from pack marching was never to carry any more weight than you need to. I also recommend some sunscreen if you have any, no one wants to look or feel like a lobster in a pot. Let’s do this,”
*
The group had agreed to stop and rest every forty-five minutes, and by their fourth stop tensions began to grow. The constant beeping from the GPS tracker, while useful and necessary, was becoming very annoying as it got louder. A happy distraction came when Mathis had radioed in to tell them that the truck driver, Alberto Gomez, had been admitted to a hospital with a concussion after an ambulance had picked him up, but would be fine. Adam had wondered what had happened to him; when they had left the semi-trailer, the old Cuban driver had told them he would call for assistance on CV after they had left. The news noticeably relieved Liz and Han.
“Did you know Alberto well?” Alice asked Liz.
“We met him the day before we set on for this expedition. He’s a nice guy, got four kids and a wife in Reno,” she replied.
Alice and Liz seemed to have hit it off, quickly becoming friendly and talkative. At least one of them had managed to do it, and if it was not going to be him, Adam was glad it was Alice. In his opinion she spent way too much time hanging out with himself and Ben, not that it was a bad thing, and very little time with other people around campus. She had other friends, but they seemed to fall to the background more often than not. 
The heat was absolutely vicious. They had travelled at least twelve miles now, and Adam was starting to think that Mathis’ guesses on the broadcast range of the plane’s GPS signal had been a gross underestimation. He looked out into the vast, shimmering emptiness ahead of them; there were a few desert shrubs and the odd withered cactus about the place, they had passed the bleached bones of some poor beast that had wandered out here a couple of miles back, but no sign of any plane. Adam squinted into the distance and saw something sticking out of the ground at a weird angle. At first he thought it might just be a large cactus, or a mirage, but he wanted to be sure. Pulling out a pair of binoculars and holding them up, he was initially met with utter darkness. Removing the lens caps, however, he saw what it was. Sticking out of the ground, the unmistakable shape of a plane.
“I see it! About two miles away, look!” he exclaimed.
He offered the binoculars to Han, who was closest to him, and he confirmed.
“Well, it’s about time that appeared,” he said.
Ben cracked his neck, causing Alice to wince at the sound, and turned to Adam.
“Wanna race?” he asked.
Adam took a swig from his water bottle.
“You’re on,” he replied.
Without warning Ben started sprinting, and Adam pursued. There was something exciting about it, finally finding the plane, which could only be expressed through a footrace. It brought him back to their track and field days in high school. The two were in roughly the same shape, but Ben had been a sprinter, and Adam a marathon runner. Both had impressive records from their high school days, and as part of the Locke College relay team had won several state titles. They had been asked to stay on as part time coaches, and were it not for their hectic schedules they would have done. Adam knew Ben’s weakness lay in distance, and though initially he would have the lead, Adam knew he would soon tire and could overtake him. He just did not have the stamina for it.
After a mile or so that is Ben hit the wall, and Adam overtook him despite the sneaky jumping of the gun. Adam felt a huge adrenaline rush when the plane came into clear sight, half buried in the cracked mud flats. He was almost there, when he heard someone coming up on him quickly. It could not be Ben, he thought, because there was no way he could pick up a second wind so quickly. Adam looked behind to check and quickly found he was being overtaken by Liz for the final stretch. She beat him to the plane by about ten seconds. When he got there himself, his lungs were on fire and his legs burned with lactic acid. Ben followed about a minute after. Liz was red faced and breathing heavily, leaning against the plane’s exposed rear end.
“How... the hell... did you beat us?” Ben asked her, collapsing to his knees.
“I run the New York marathon every year, even came in the top ten once. Science is my life, but it never hurts to have a hobby,” she said, not nearly as wrecked as he and Ben were.
Adam lay down on the ground, in the shadow of the plane. On the bottom of the tail he could see the printed letters HIA-270E. They had found it.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN: ELECTROMAGNETIC INTERFERENCE



It was an incredible sight to behold; a red and green 1950s era monoplane, half sticking out of the ground at a sharp angle. One of its wings had snapped off and lay a few feet away, and the crumpled fuselage had submerged all the way to the pilot’s seat, but thanks to the exposed tail it was still identifiable as the plane Mathis had described. The small party were now sitting under the shade provided by the downed aircraft whilst Han made the calculations as to where the canyon should be.
“How does one crash a plane like this? I mean, it’s not ideal, but surely you could glide it to a safe landing on the flats,” Ben asked.
That question had been on Adam’s mind as well. Liz stood up and walked around to a hatch on the side of the plane.
“Well, Mathis didn’t actually say, but I don’t think they actually got the chance to ask Charleston before died. There should be something in the black box’s flight log,” she suggested.
Liz jimmied off an access hatch and crawled inside, emerging a minute later with a muck-covered orange box, and a leather tool bag. She placed it on the shade and wiped some of the salty mud from it.
“Weren’t you looking for a black box?” Alice asked.
“Black boxes aren’t actually black; they’re brightly colored to they can be recovered more easily by search teams. The plane has sunk pretty deep, and it’s wet in there; I guess we must be over some high groundwater, didn’t smell like fuel. Can I borrow the walkie, Han? The speaker on the recorder has been corroded, but I think I can patch it through that,” she replied
Han tossed her the small walkie and returned to his orienteering calculations. He did not even look up as he did so, a perfect blind toss and catch.
“Don’t break it; I need it to give the others coordinates,” he said.
“Yeah, yeah. Should be easy, this one is a bit of a museum piece, I’ve taken similar things apart before,” said Liz.
Pulling from her pocket a black length of cord, she tied her hair back and got to work with the tool pouch. She quickly unscrewed both the orange box and the walkie, and started manipulating different wires, thoroughly engrossed in the activity. Ben nudged Adam.
“Hey man, you gonna try talking to her again?” Ben whispered.
“Maybe. No. Is this really the time for that?” he asked, defensively.
“Adam and Liz, sitting in a tree...”
Adam cut him off with a sharp elbow to the ribs. Alice cleared her throat to grab their attention; it looked like Liz was finished.
“There, done. The GPS beacon was set off about an hour after the crash, so presumably he would have shut off the flight recorder around then. Let’s see what caused the crash,” she said. 
She held down a button on the orange device, and the voice of the deceased pilot Charleston came through the short wave radio’s speaker.
“Fuel is good, about half in the tank, enough to make it back to the airfield and then some. Time is 11:47, sky is overcast, winds favorable. Passing over the canyon system now. Hoo boy, it sure looks good from up here. Wouldn’t want to be walking round down there though, haven’t seen water for forty miles, let alone civilization. Banking towards sand flats now… What the hell is that sound? Need to pull- something drag- losing al...ude!”
The recording became garbles before cutting to white noise, and the group was silent. Liz released the button, cutting off the noise, and gently disconnected the radio. The look of concerned confusion on her face reflected what the others were thinking.
“I thought these things were designed to be free of any interference? What was that at the end?” Alice asked her.
“I don’t know, I mean, nothing is completely fool proof. Maybe some electromagnetic activity in the area messed up the instruments, gave false readings… but it would have had to have been very powerful, to fry one of these you’d need some kind of EMP,” she replied. 
Alice looked confused.
“Alright, I’m gonna pretend I don’t know what EMP is. Would someone care to explain it?”
Surprisingly, Ben answered. 
“Electromagnetic pulse. It’s like a burst of radiation that fries anything electronic. Commonly seen as a side effect of a nuclear blast,” 
He turned to Liz and Han.
“You think maybe the government’s recently been testing bombs nearby? Like small scale nukes? Because I’ve heard of such things, briefcase bombs or whatever. Tiny nukes with a very small yield, designed for black ops work,” he said, matter-of-factly.
Han actually laughed out loud upon hearing that.
“Oh man, that’s classic. You really think the government still tests out here?” he asked.
Ben looked a little embarrassed, but came back quickly.
“Well, who says it’s the government? Could just as easily be corporate testing by a certain company that built and tested half of our nuclear armory,” said Ben, shooting a faux accusatory glance towards Liz and Han.
Han went back to scratching away on his pad, ignoring them, but Liz glared back with fire in her eyes. If there were a cure for foot in mouth disease, Adam would have given anything for someone to jump in and stick Ben with a needle full of it.
“What are you implying?” she asked, her tone cold.
Sensing a fight was about to break out, Adam looked to Alice to break it up. She looked right back at him with an expression that said he should be the one to take control of the situation before it could escalate, so he jumped in.
“He didn’t mean anything by it. Ben’s just a bit of a conspiracy nut. Too many bad movies. I’d ignore roughly half of anything he says... so, Han, how close are you with the calculations?” he asked, trying to move the conversation back to neutral ground.
Han looked up from his pad.
“Oh, finished those a few minutes ago. Decided to draw a dinosaur. This conversation was just getting interesting, but here you go,” said Han. 
The physicist handed him the pad with all of its calculations, featuring a very good sketch of a triceratops, which Adam could not make any sense of. Picking up on the clear inability to comprehend the raw data, Han pulled out a map of the region and stuck it on the side of the downed plane.
“If the bearings Charleston gave us were correct, he went into this canyon, here. It’s one of three with a water source surrounding these flats, but out of them it is the only one that we would not be able to access in the vehicles. If this map is accurate, however, we should be able to make camp by accessing one of the others and then get into the one we want on foot. It’s about ten miles away from where we are now.” Han explained.
That news was not exactly what any of them wanted to hear, but it was good enough. Logically, the fastest way to get the entire team there would have been to have the trekking group and the vehicle group meet at the canyon. The time it would take for them to trek back would be greater than the time taken to get to the plane in the first place, and the canyon was arguably closer. It would be uncomfortable, but it was the smartest option all things considered.
“I suppose we didn’t really sign up for a picnic. I’ll radio in to Mathis and let him know,” said Adam.
He tapped his headset to contact the other group, as Liz had not yet finished reconstructing the walkie. There was a constant low buzz of static coming through the radio, as if he were standing too close to a phone tower.
“We have the coordinates; Han is going to give them to you now, along with our own position,” said Adam.
He threw the headset to Han, who relayed the information. He had to repeat the coordinates several times due to the interference over the network, but after a couple of minutes he passed the headset back to Adam, but not before after looking over it.
“Are we on a bad channel or what? I’ve never heard such interference through one of these,” said Han, puzzled. 
Adam shrugged.
“We nearly got hit by lightning on the flight over, and before that it was crystal clear. Could it be residual static?” he asked.
Liz took the headset from his hands and inspected it.
“No, I highly doubt that. This unit is military grade; Sigma 3 designed these to withstand a full on EMP at close range. The same technology is being used to develop total protection for power grids from Graphite bomb attacks,” she explained.
She handed it back to Adam and their eyes met again for the briefest of moments. She picked up her backpack, a heavy duty hiker style piece which she clipped in place, and looked out toward the horizon.
“We’d better get moving. I’d rather not wait for the temperature drop come darkness, and the sooner we get there the sooner we can rest properly,”
Everyone else picked up their gear and prepared to leave. Adam wondered what would become of the wreckage of the plane. Would it eventually be salvaged, or would it end up a piece of the landscape, just another mysterious accident the world would forget about? He supposed it did not really matter, as the plane served as little more than means to an end for them. As they began their trek, he stole one last glance back towards it. A symbol of ingenuity lying broken and useless in the salty muck, soon to be forgotten; it was a monument to the unpredictable outcome of humanity’s struggle with nature.
*
Adam and Ben were seriously regretting their earlier footrace; the two began to cramp heavily after six miles. They received a transmission that the two vehicles had made it to the edge of the canyon system, and Mathis, H-B and Slater had begun to set up camp for them. If they kept up a good pace, they would reach the edge of the canyon just before nightfall, where someone would be waiting for them with a portable floodlight. They decided not to try and bring the vehicles around to the entrances, just in case. The floodlight was a small consolation, but better than nothing. Now bringing up the rear of the group, Ben and Adam carried on their discussion.
“So you gonna talk to her or what man? It’s not like there’s anyone else having a go. Maybe she was just trying to assert her dominance, alpha female style. That’s actually kinda hot, I like a woman in charge, if you catch my drift… tell me if I’m giving too much information; I could go on,” Ben offered, wagging his eyebrows. 
Adam sighed. He could either answer or subject himself to unwanted details of Ben’s fantasies.
“Look, I just don’t think now is a good time. We’re in the middle of a desert, the sun is trying really hard to make us feel sorry for everything we’ve ever put in an oven, and technically we’re working right now, so it’s a conflict of interest,” he said, wanting to get off the subject.
“But you do like her right?” Ben asked.
Adam looked ahead; Han was the next closest person to them, and the pace at which they were walking he was going to be well out of earshot.
“I don’t know, what if I do? It doesn’t matter, dude. The last thing I’d need right now is a girlfriend anyway,” said Adam.
“Bullshit man. I think that’s the one thing you do need. Ever since you got dumped by Strahm all you’ve done is hang out with me, Teagues, and my sister. Flattered as I am by that, I see it in you, man. You need to find someone and actually go steady with them, get some structure. No more of those casual things with the freshmen, you need something solid, something real,” said Ben, uncharacteristically deep.
Adam laughed.
“Actually, you’re the one with the freshmen girl thing… it doesn’t matter. Thanks for the life coaching dude, but-”
Ben cut him off.
“No buts. Come one, she’d be good for you. She ticks three of the four SASS boxes; normally you’d be lucky to get one or two,” said Ben.
“SASS boxes?”
“Smart, Attractive, Sane and Single. I didn’t see a ring on her finger, and she didn’t want to have a bar of Slater. She might be crazy, but that’s sometimes a good thing,” he explained
Adam thought about it. Mildly offensive acronyms aside, maybe Ben was right. He had been very stand-offish when it had come to serious relationships over the last couple of years. He had shot down every offer that had been presented to him in a pride-based attempt to harden his heart to the world. The more he thought about it, the more he seemed to be acting like some angst ridden teenager, the idea of which made him feel all the more stupid.
“Alright, if I talk to her over the next couple of days, will you promise get off my back?” Adam asked.
“Was that an offer for a piggyback? I’m kidding, relax, it’s a party. You got it,” said Ben.
They noticed that Alice had stopped and waited for them.
“You two enjoying your mothers meeting back here? Come on, we’re only about a mile out now,” she said.
Alice was right; they could see the dusty orange canyon on the horizon. It was a beautiful sight to behold in the desert dusk, the remains of the light of day giving it an alien glow. It was no small system either, with rugged mesas reaching over a hundred feet high being overshadowed by the surrounding cliffs. The group stopped to take in the view for a moment.
“You two up for another race or do you just concede defeat now?” Liz asked sarcastically.
Ben held up his hands in surrender: he knew when he was outclassed. Adam on the other hand, emboldened by Ben’s words, began to stretch.
“You think you have another one in you?” he challenged.
She gave him a strange look, trying to gauge his intentions. She smiled slyly.
“Alright, but we’ll make this one fair. Han old buddy, you want to start us off?”
Adam did not expect her to accept the challenge so quickly, as he was not sure he had another sprint left in him. His cramping had subsided for the most part, but it could start up again with little warning, which would be even more embarrassing than his first loss. He wiped his brow, and got into a starting position beside Liz.
“First one to the far side of the first mesa before the Canyon?” he asked.
“You’re on,” she said, with a friendlier fire in her eyes.
 Han raised one arm in the air.
“On your marks... get set... don’t know why but I’ve always wanted to say this... banzai!” he shouted.
They began their sprint in perfect unison, running neck and neck for a great distance. As the shadow of the mesa quickly loomed over them, and Liz began to pull ahead. Determined not to be beaten this time, Adam ignored the lactic acid painfully building up in his legs and pushed himself as hard as he could. They were soon in a dead heat again, with only two hundred or so yards left to their finishing line. He closed his eyes for a moment and tried to focus, the Key bouncing off his chest as he ran. He opened his eyes and looked beside him, and Liz was gone. She was not ahead of him either, so he stopped in his tracks and looked back. She was lying face down in the dust, and he ran back to help her.
“Are you alright?” he asked, taking her hand and helping her back to her feet. 
He noticed a tan line on her left hand ring finger. She dusted herself off shook some sand out of her hair. She was still trying to catch her breath, clutching her chest.
“Yes, I think so... must have just... just tripped on a loose rock, or something. Thanks,” she said. 
They were face to face now, and Adam wiped some dust from her cheek.
“You got a little... um... yeah,” he said, feeling suddenly numb.
A blinding light suddenly illuminated them from the top of the nearest cliff.
“Y’all wanna move your asses? I didn’t spend an hour with Methuselah trying to set up the camp for it not to be used.” Slater called out to them
That was a mood killer. Liz broke eye contact, turning away. The rest of the group soon caught up to them.
“So who won the race?” Han enquired.
Neither of them said anything.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN: CRANE’S KITCHEN NIGHTMARES



H-B, Slater and Mathis had done a good job setting up the camp on their own. The setup was more or less the same as the night before, however they did not have the two vehicles parked nearby because of the difficult terrain. H-B explained that this was the only flat area they could find to set up on, and the two vehicles were going to be of little use to them. Slater had mapped out a path into the canyon over the flats that the much lighter Boar could traverse if necessary, but doing so would be difficult, and there was no telling whether the ground could hold the moving weight of the vehicle.
Slater had also matched the search area for the cavern to an old Mojave sacred site known as the Eagle’s Claw. It was a largely untouched rocky region of desert mostly because of the difficulty accessing it, and had been declared an uninhabitable zone during the Nixon years despite numerous lobbies for it to become a part of reservation land. The team would begin their search for the cavern on foot the next day, as from what Slater, H-B and Mathis had seen when they did a preliminary survey of the canyon, it would be far too dangerous to navigate without the light of day.
Once again, they received army style ration packs from Mathis, and started trading items in their packs they did not want for ones they did with each another. Somehow, Ben ended up with a large stash of Tabasco Sauce, powdered eggs, dried fruit and ramen noodles, and he decided that he would make some unholy concoction from that. Even though he was extremely drained from the long trek in blistering heat that day, Adam could not miss seeing this. In fact, everyone bar Mathis crowded around to witness the inevitable horror. He had excused himself to give a report to Hart via a satellite phone in the Bush Pig.
“Damn, man, and you wonder why I don’t let you cook,” Adam laughed when he saw the frightening looking concoction. 
It was a bubbling bowl of nightmares that would make Lovecraft wince.
“What’re you two a couple or somethin’?” Slater asked, clearly trying to get a reaction. 
He moved closer to Liz after saying that, and her immediate reaction was to stand up and move next to Alice.
“They’re roommates Roscoe. That’s all,” Liz said, returning her focus to a notebook she had been writing in.
“Well sorry darlin’, can’t help it if the boys look a little precious,” said Slater, enough sleaze in his voice to choke a used car salesman.
The boorish Texan was clearly baiting Adam and Ben, and they knew they could easily respond, but knew better. The pair had seen more than their fair share of bullying jerks through high school, and usually managed to ignore them. Failing that, they engaged in retaliatory pranks that had put many frat boys to shame. Unfortunately, seeing as Slater was going to be their colleague for the time being, the latter strategy was not an option.
“All he needs is a mullet and a denim jacket, and John Hughes’ ghost will climax,” Alice muttered to Adam, who with some difficulty suppressed a laugh.
“Well, I ain’t in the mood to watch little Benny boy here start cryin’ when he can’t take the heat, gonna go get some well-earned shut-eye. You comin’ too, darlin’?” Slater asked Liz. 
She looked like she was about to gag at that thought, and closed her notebook.
“No, you know what, I’m going to stay up for a while. I’m tired, but I’ll never be that tired,” she said, emphasizing her lack of interest in the offer. 
Adam was starting to get an idea of what was between the two. His going theory was that Slater was a jackass, and Liz was not at all interested. It was a simple theory formed by a fatigued mind, but he had a feeling he was on the money. He would confirm with Han and Alice if he got the chance.
“Fine, suit yourself,” said Slater.
The geologist walked off towards his tent, taking his shirt off on the way. He was out of shape, and had some distorted frat tattoos on his back.
“Is that guy for real?” Ben asked, looking to Han and Liz. 
Liz was no longer paying attention to the group, instead focused on writing something in her notebook.
“Dr Slater has an abrasive personality, to say the least. He’s a damn good geologist, one of the best in his field, but that’s about where my praise of him ends,” said Han.
Ben silently nodded in agreement, and Han looked over his concoction. It was no longer bubbling, instead congealing into a quasi-gelatinous yellow mass. 
“You know, that nightmarish stew looks pretty bad, but could taste okay. I’ll join you,” he said.
“Your funeral, man,” Ben replied.
He scooped the yellow mess into two plastic bowls. The two agreed they were going to take the first bite at the same time, convinced that it would somehow act as a confidence boost. Ben and Han closed their eyes and bit down. For a few seconds they were ok, chewing it and swallowing it, but then the mad combination hit them full force and they simultaneously reached for their water bottles. Ben had used all of his water in cooking, so he comically ran for a jerry can and lifted it to his mouth, spilling water all over himself. The group fell into fits of laughter. 
“Oh my, where is a video camera when you need one?” H-B mused, chortling.
“Haha yes! We could win the ten thousand dollars in a snap, finally meet Bob Saget,” Alice laughed, almost in tears.
After a massive consumption of water by the two daring idiots, they sat down again and decided the best course of action would be to bury the remainder of the fiery concoction so that humanity may never again suffer its terrible wrath. They picked up a pair of spades and headed to where there was some soft earth. Before they departed, they gave a final review of Ben’s culinary skills.
“The thing is, it was okay at first. A little salty, but still passable. Once it hits your throat though, it’s as if you’ve swallowed a volcano mid-eruption. I’ll give it a four out of ten,” said Ben, hoarsely.
“I think it was the powdered eggs. They got stuck on the way down. I’ve had worse, but I highly doubt you have a career ahead of you in the food industry,” Han commented.
*
After the laughter died down, H-B decided he was going to go sleep. Mathis had told him that they would begin their search at first light, so they should try and get a good night’s rest. There was a shower head attached to the side of the Bush Pig, connected to a huge tank of water if they needed to shower in the morning, or if they wanted to take advantage of it by torchlight before clocking off. They were going to have another water tank airdropped early the next morning, so they would not need to worry too much about conserving what they had.
Considering how enormous a sweat they had all worked up trekking that day, they figured it would be a good move to shower sooner rather than later. The path back to the vehicles was lit by a series of strategically placed heavy-duty mining lamps, but they did not all want to go down at once. Ben decided that he would wait until morning, and just do the ‘Al Bundy’ shower for the time being.
“What’s that ‘Al Bundy’ Shower?” Liz asked him.
“Towel down and deodorize with extreme prejudice. What, you never watched Married with Children?” Ben replied, wagging his eyebrows.
Alice rolled her eyes and shook her head disapprovingly.
“You are an unbelievable filth-monger. I am so glad I’m not tenting with you,” said Alice.
“Naw, you know you love me sis. I might go roll around on your stuff first, spread the love,” Ben threatened. 
It was hard to tell if he was being serious or not.
“You wouldn’t survive the attempt,” said Alice, glaring at him.
“I feel I have been issued a challenge, buhbye!”
Ben ran off, his sister in pursuit. Adam knew Ben would not actually do it, he just loved getting Alice fired up. Now it was just Liz, Han, and himself sitting in the large tent. He remembered what he had said to Ben about talking to Liz tonight, but the knot quickly forming in his stomach at the thought was holding him back.
“So Adam, were you a track runner for your college? The way you took off just before I tripped, that was impressive,” Liz asked. 
She closed her notebook and was now looking in his direction, resting her chin in her hands. He again noticed a pale tan line on her left ring finger.
“Yeah, well kind of. I dropped out of high school to join the Marine Corps, but got discharged before I was able to finish my tour of Afghanistan. I was going to be sent to West Point to train as an officer but the day I turned nineteen I got a letter from a General saying I was ineligible to even be in the Marines. I came first or second in every athletic test they threw at me, no health or psych issues, but yeah. That’s always been a mystery. So when I got out, I applied to Locke College under an athletic scholarship and worked my way into an academic one,” said Adam. 
He was not sure why he threw in the Marine part, but it was out there now. It kind of tied in to the question. Liz and Han were still both listening intently.
“You know, my father was in the Marine Corps too, but he was a pilot. Had a bad landing in the eighties and ended up in a wheelchair, but he was always good about it. Never said a bad word against the Marines, still does some administrative stuff at the Boston recruitment center. What did your father do?” Han asked.
Adam had not thought about his father for a while. He had never known him; Alec Thorne had died long before Adam got a chance to meet him. The story his mother had told him was that they had been fighting, and he left a few weeks prior to his birth. He was killed not long after with a patrol group he was embedded with on the Israeli-Egyptian border, where they had been ambushed by guards mistaking them for rebels. His godfather, Elliot Drake… that story was a can of worms of its own.
“I didn’t really know my father, actually. I was raised by my mother and babysat by her documentary team until she disappeared in Peru, and after that I was taken in by Professor Hadley-Baldwin and his wife as a foster. They’ve been great, really. Weren’t too thrilled with the Marine thing, but glad when I came back to Locke. So quid pro quo, you two, what are your stories?” he asked. 
Adam did not like talking too much about his parents if he could avoid it, and the sooner he shifted the story to one of them, the better. Han leaned back, engrossing himself in reminiscence.
“Well, my father is third generation Boston born, Japanese descended, my mother is a born and bred Osaka native, and in case you couldn’t tell by my name, huge Star Wars fans. They were always supportive of what I did, but in a way I think my father was a little disappointed that I didn’t follow his footsteps and join the Marines. I mean, I considered it, but it never really seemed right for me. I went to MIT, where I met our mutual friend Teagues, graduated with degrees in Quantum Mechanics and Nuclear Physics, and was offered a position at Hart Industries before the ceremony finished. Been with the company four years now,” he said.
Those were some pretty impressive credentials to have. And considering how young Han looked, probably no older than Teagues, he must have gotten into MIT early as well.
“That’s pretty awesome, man. How about you Liz?” Adam asked.
“Oh, well, if you insist. My mother is a coke headed former model, the less said about her, the better, and my father is head of a biker gang who used to deal to her. You may have heard of him, Adrian Carmine. He has a bad rep, but he’s really not that bad. Tough guy thing is for show,” she said, nonchalant.
Adam had indeed heard of him. The Black Dawn MC, an outlaw biker gang based out of New Mexico, made the Hells Angels look like panda bears. Their status as gun runners and cocaine smugglers was legendary, and their president, Adrian ‘Anvil’ Carmine, was on the FBI most wanted list. Perhaps there was more to the man than the criminal activity, but he was not really sure if now was the time to ask. Liz continued.
“Well, for obvious reasons I was pretty much raised by my mother alone, but I got out as soon as I could. She didn’t like me doing the whole science thing, thought I’d be better off shaking my ass for judges at those god-awful Miss Teen Whatever pageants like she did. I mean, I did it for a while, model money is great, but the people are insane. I did what I had to so I could get emancipated when I turned sixteen, earned myself a Hart scholarship to MIT, followed it up with a doctorate at Harvard, and have been working for the company ever since,” she finished.
Adam unsure of how he was supposed to react. Liz had just unloaded an awful lot of baggage he had not expected, and although he had done the same thing moments earlier, her story seemed somehow more personal. Now she was just staring off into space, seemingly lost in her own thoughts. Before he could break the growing silence, however, Alice came back.
“Well, sorry Adam, your tent is going to smell like a high school locker room,” she said.
“I live with the guy, I expect this kind of thing,” he shrugged.
Alice sat down next to Liz, who snapped out of her daze and shook her head.
“So do we want to do this shower thing in pairs? That would probably work best. Mathis said that he turned on the water heater before he came back up,”
Liz nodded, and Adam and Han followed suit.
“Cool, and don’t think I have to explain how we’re gonna be paired off,” said Alice, giving a knowing look to the group.
“You guys don’t mind if ladies go first?” Liz asked.
Adam shrugged, and Han shook his head.
“Awesome. Don’t know yet if we’ll come back up here or hit the sack when we’re done down there, but we’ll give you the all clear either way,” she said.
The two of them got up, and gave them a friendly wave goodnight, not meeting eyes with either of them. Adam lingered on that for a moment, and once the two were out of earshot he turned to Han.
“So, she’s interesting,” said Adam.
Han just nodded.
“She’s a special case, that’s for sure. Having Dr Slater around probably isn’t helping very much,” he said, leaning back on his folding chair.
“Are they...?”
Han shook his head.
“No, definitely not. She can’t stand the bastard. Nor can you, I see,” said Han.
“Yeah, pardon my French but he does kind of come off as a giant ass. So I noticed she had a tan line on her left ring finger. What’s the story there?” Adam asked.
Han stretched and picked up his water bottle.
“Well, if she hasn’t told you, I sure can’t. Apparently there’s a story behind it, but she never seems to elaborate. I know she comes off as a bit of a hard-hitter, but she’s a good person. The kind who cares a lot, even if she doesn’t show it,”
Adam was regretting judging her so harshly before. There’s always a story behind those things, and it was his fault for not looking out for it. He would just have to look harder when he got the next chance.
Getting to know Han was great, as they both had entertaining stories about Teagues to tell one another. Apparently Teagues had once, on a dare, successfully talked a senator’s wife into coming to bed with him, and woke up the next day tied naked to a motel bed with only his wallet, his phone and a large quantity of candid photography taken the previous night scattered on the other side of the room. The senator, a man who had called a habit of mocking the French and who was himself having an affair, walked into the room expecting to find his own lover to make this discovery.
“That’s not the best part though; the next day he was chartered by a third party to fly the senator and his wife to Washington for a Republican Party conference on ‘sexual deviations that are tearing apart the nation,’ and the senator was giving the keynote!” Han finished.
Adam burst out laughing. Then someone tapped his shoulder. It was Alice, her hair still wet.
“Hey, shower’s free now so if you guys wanna head down and, you know, do your thing,” she said.
“Where’s Liz?” Adam asked.
Alice bit her lip and glanced towards the tents.
“She wanted to call it early, probably asleep by now,” she said.
That was a little disappointing, but he did his best to hide it. He would have plenty of time to try and talk with her more later on this expedition. He made a promise to himself that he would do it, because at the very least he had met someone new and interesting, and that was a start. There was something about her that drew him in, he could not explain it, just something he could not quite place.
“Alright. Come on Han, let’s go. God forbid the wind should pick up mid shower, there are few things less pleasant than being wet and covered in sand in this climate,” said Adam, grabbing a fresh towel.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN: THE WATCHER OF THE VALLEY



Without the ability to blast the Bush Pig horn to wake everyone up the next morning, Mathis got creative and banged a couple of iron pots together. It was just barely daybreak, and Ben was still snoring loudly next to him, so Adam hit him in the head with an inflatable pillow.
“Morning sunshine, how you feeling the day after your spicy egg-fruit-noodle brew?” Adam asked.
Ben wrenched the pillow from his hands and hit him right back, belching loudly.
“Go to hell, you beautiful bastard. It was an awesome idea and you’re just jealous you didn’t think of it first,” said Ben, groggily.
Adam threw a work shirt over his singlet, not bothering to button it up, and tucked the Key underneath so only its chain would be visible. He was glad he had showered the night before, whereas Ben now looked like hell and at the same time smelled like a gym junkie’s locker. Ben just walked out of the tent in his boxer shorts, a towel over his shoulder, shame being a foreign concept. Adam fished around in his rucksack for a comb; he could not see, but could feel his hair had become an unruly mess in the night. He managed to find one, but when he pulled it out it had a long thread of fishing wire attached. He gave the rucksack a quick once-over, and decided it could not have been a crucial thread, most likely part of a seam separating internal pockets.
The sound of a helicopter buzzed overhead. Probably the water drop, Adam thought. They would certainly get an eyeful if Ben had not put up the makeshift hessian walls around the shower. He combed his hair until it felt like it normally sat on his head, and stepped out of the tent. There was a dry chill when he did so, not so cold that it was uncomfortably so but cold enough that he was very aware of it. He walked over to the main tent and found H-B there, as expected, drinking tea.
“You are in love with that stereotype, aren’t you?” said Adam, shaking his head.
H-B sipped his tea and raised one eyebrow.
“Well, my boy, I think it’s a character with class. What else can I say?”
Adam poured himself a cup of black tea. He had gone off adding milk and sugar after an occasion where Ben and Teagues had thought it would be hilarious if they swapped his milk with liquid cheese and later his sugar with salt. He was yet to get even with them on that one. They were soon joined by Alice, Han, Mathis and a freshly showered Ben.
“Where are Liz and Slater?” Adam asked.
Alice, who seemed oddly chipper for someone who did not normally hold up well the day after a huge hike, answered him.
“Liz went for an early run, said she wanted to check out something she saw near the path we came up yesterday. I have no idea where cowboy jerk-off is though,” she said.
“Dr Slater is prepping the Boar, he found a path that we might be able to use to get it into the canyon. Once they get back we’ll begin the search for the cavern,” said Mathis.
Adam had been meaning to ask a few questions on that front. Even though he had gone over the dossier Mathis had given him over and over, it was vague enough that he still did not really know what they were here to do.
“So what exactly are we supposed to be looking for, any significant topographic features, a trail of stones, old Mojave road signs, what?”
Mathis squinted at him for a moment, as if trying to see if Adam was serious with his question.
“I’m pretty sure I already explained it, but it can’t hurt to go over it again. Charleston said that the cave was a few hundred yards from a spring surrounded by plant life. A lot more plant life than you’d expect to find in a desert, especially one with so much bad water. The cave is located somewhere with lower elevation than the spring, so once we find the spring we’ll have a fairly wide search radius. Charleston also said that somewhere near the entrance to the cave there was a carving of a bird, so that’s something else to look out for,” he explained.
Liz appeared dressed in a compression top and bike shorts, followed by Slater dressed almost exactly as he had been the previous day, the latter with a dirty smug look on his face. It was an innocent scene, but Adam still felt his stomach twist.
“Y’all started without us! Well, waters here. Dropped off a thousand gallon tank down the bottom of the hill. So feel free to get wasteful, do your wet t-shirt contests or whatever,” said Slater, trying to get a rise out of the group. 
Everyone seemed to silently agree to ignore his last comment. Liz was slightly red in the face, having just finished her run, but she had a look of achievement too.
“I found something, I think it’s worth checking out. Not necessarily what we’re looking for, but worth a look if we have the time,” she said.
“If we have the time, maybe. Finding this cavern is priority number one. Now if we’re all ready to go, let’s get moving people, we’re burning daylight,” Mathis asserted as he walked out of the tent.
Everyone grabbed what they figured they would need from their rations for the day and returned to their tents to grab their packs.
*
With Mathis leading the way, the group set off into the canyon. It had looked amazing in the twilight of the previous evening, and the early morning sun gave it an entirely new magnificence. The gold-orange walls of the canyon reached well over a hundred feet into the air, dwarfing the group as they walked through. The terrain was absolutely chaotic, with sharp inclines and steep drops making the path quite treacherous, even more so with the sand and broken rocks littering the ancient river-carved path. There were huge, worn mesas jutting out in the middle of the canyon path as well, carved over the ages by water and wind.
Slater went on about how this whole area must have been a river system at some stage in the last thousand years after feeling the walls, as the way they had been cut and shaped there was no other explanation. Han asked Slater why the area was called The Eagle’s Claw, and Slater said he did not know. H-B however, was able to inform him.
“The Eagle’s Claw was considered a hallowed place by the Mojave people, and was named as such because of an earlier people’s presence here, the Fexuit. The eagle was their holy spirit, and they died out some time before the rise of the Mayan civilization. What we know about them comes mostly from unreliable oral history, and there’s little solid evidence to suggest they existed outside of legends, but the nature of these widespread legends is more than enough to merit a possibility,”
“What kind of legends?” Adam asked.
“Well boy, they say this place is protected by the Eagle spirits who take the lives of any who trespass. There is another better known legend that the Fexuit people started a war with several the other nations surrounding them, all but wiping them out and burning them to ash, until a great storm drove them back into hiding here, where they ultimately declined. That one is more plausible, however I remain skeptical of it. This land is barren, it could not have supported human life, let alone allow it to develop into a society,” H-B continued.
“You know how these societies were Professor, legends are often exaggeration or misinterpretation,” Alice commented.
“Fexuit. Well, I’ve never heard of them. I guess this means either way I get a learning experience from all of this,” said Ben, catching up to the rest of the group. 
Unlike his sister, he did not usually pull up so well the day after a lot of physical activity, succumbing to cramps and mild nausea from the combination of heat and fatigue.
“Well, you might have heard of their cousin tribe from Northern Canada, the Nasuit. They were a rather interesting people, and we actually know a little bit about them. They didn’t die out until the early nineteenth century, you see; worshiped owls, primarily, and wolves. Avatars of wisdom and wrath,” H-B remarked.
Adam thought for a moment about how entire societies come and go so easily. One day there and thriving, and then gone a short time later. He wondered just how long the world he knew was really going to last. After all, he was very aware that nothing could last forever.
“Hey, what’s that up ahead?” asked Han, pointing towards the crest of a rocky cliff face. 
At the top, something seemed to be giving off glare in the sunlight, shining brightly. The glare was coming from the top of a thin, vertically standing object.
“Only one way to find out. Alice, Ben, come with me. The rest of you wait here,” said Adam. 
He wanted the twins with him because the steep climb looked too rough for an amateur, and the pair would be able to find a safe way up and back. Sure enough, Alice found a path of rocks jutting out from the sharp incline that they could use as hand and foot holds as they climbed up. They wouldn’t need to use much of the climbing equipment to ascend, but Ben slung a rope and an anchoring bolt over his shoulder to make the descent easier for them.
They crawled up slowly, taking great care with each movement, as there were a lot of loose stones and they did not want to cause a rockslide. It took the three about fifteen minutes to reach the summit, where they found a totem carved from stone with a very intricate representation of an eagle at the top. The eagle was not carved from the same stone, rather a black mineral that reflected light. They radioed that back down to the others, the echoes in the canyon making it too distracting to shout. Slater was intrigued by their description of it, so he decided to come up and see for himself if he could identify the mineral. Fifteen minutes later, Liz appeared at the top, followed another five minutes later by Slater and an interesting conversation.
“I thought it was just Slater coming up,” said Adam, a little confused, but at the same time pleasantly surprised.
“I figured I may as well take a look, I am in charge of the science team after all. Also had a point to prove,” she said, looking behind her.
When Slater appeared, looking like he had just run a marathon, she smirked.
“You were saying, Roscoe?” said Liz.
“Alright, you proved your point. You’re a faster climber than me, big deal,” he said, an ounce of resentment in his voice. 
Slater paused to catch his breath and then looked at the eagle carving atop the totem. He approached it, placing his hands on it and looking at it carefully.
“Hmm. That’s a weird grain... Well, that can’t be right. This looks like Olympicite,” he said, viewing it from different angles.
“What’s Olympicite?” Alice asked him.
“No doubt Doc Shuya’s given you a rundown on his supermatter theories by now, so stop me if I’m goin’ too fast, but the closest thing we’ve ever found to the substance is Olympicite. Oldest mineral ever found, hardest too, but that’s just the tip of the iceberg for weird properties. It’s known as a primordial mineral, because it could only have been formed by hardened primordial magma from back when the planet took form. That’s also why it can’t possibly be Olympicite,” said Slater.
“Why not? People have made carvings out of obsidian and basalt before, why would Olympicite be any different?” Adam asked.
 Slater gave a short laugh, which turned into a smirk.
“As I said, it’s the hardest mineral known to man; you can’t carve Olympicite. It just don’t work that way. There is nothing that can cut through it, and once it takes form it remains that way unless you can replicate the circumstance of its formation. It doesn’t erode, it doesn’t melt, it doesn’t weaken, and it can’t be damaged by blunt force. Hell, they’ve smashed diamonds on this stuff and the end result has been broken glass. Romans had another name for it; Adamantine,”
“Then why do you think its Olympicite then?” Adam pressed.
“Shows every characteristic. Look at the grain, feel the glasslike texture. Hell, the way it reflects light like nothing else. Hey, sweetheart-” he directed to Alice. 
To be fair, Slater didn’t know, but Alice hated being called sweetheart. Every last one of her exes, save for Adam, had called her that, and it had left her with a chip on her shoulder.
“What did you just call me?” she shot. 
Slater actually seemed to pick up he was crossing a line that he should not, and dialed back his tone.
“…Miss Crane, would ya please toss me a piton and a hammer, I wanna test somethin’,” he said.
 Alice grudgingly passed her tool bag to him.
“Now, let’s just see... this ought to do it,” he said, pulling out a mallet and a piton.
Slater placed the sharp tip of the piton on the edge of the black eagle’s wing, which seemed to be the thinnest and likely weakest point.
“If I get a sample of this for proper analysis we can determine what it’s actually made of when we get back to the lab,” he said, spinning the small hammer in his fingers.
“Wait, what? You can’t do that, it’s a historic artefact!” Alice protested.
“Well, I guess this artefact... is history,” he joked.
Slater raised the hammer and struck down before anyone could do anything to stop him. There was a loud clang, and then shocked swearing.
“Well, fuck me...”
He held the piton up so everyone could see. It had crumpled.
“The hell is this made of, tinfoil?” Slater asked the twins.
“Reinforced titanium,” Ben said, in awe.
Slater spun the hammer in his hand like a Wild West gunslinger, and then swung it down against the beak of the eagle with all of his might. The steel head of the mallet shattered on impact, showering them all with chunks of metal.
“Okay, this right here is some freaky shit. You can’t carve Olympicite, how the hell did they make this? No way it’s natural, god damn,” he murmured, still in awe.
Adam was not going to let that kind of reckless behavior continue, whether it got results or not. It was time to take control. He snatched Alice’s tool bag from Slater’s hands and returned it to her.
“Right, you, enough trying to destroy monuments. Alice, if you could take some photos of this thing, get every angle you possibly can,” he said.
“All over it. By the way, slick, you owe me a new mallet,” she said, pulling out a high resolution camera and throwing Slater a dirty look.
As she started to take pictures, Adam noticed something just underneath the eagle. It looked like raised lettering underneath a crust of ancient mud.
“Hold up a sec Alice, look at this,” he said.
He touched it, and it began to fall away, revealing what looked like Mayan script. It was a more advanced script than any he had seen before, but he tried translating it in his head. The Key under his shirt felt like it was warming as he did so.
“Forever I watch from my nest.... the one who holds our gift... no not gift, the one who holds our glory... in anticipation of the final judgment,” he read aloud.
“The hell are you on about poindexter?” chided Slater.
“Forever I watch from my nest the one who holds our glory, in anticipation of the final judgment. I think that’s what it says.” Adam said, feeling a slight pain in his head.
“Well, the statue is facing north west, so maybe we should head that way then,” said Alice, looking at the statue.
“I don’t know enough, that is to say anything at all, about Fexuit lore to make that decision based solely on this, so let’s run it by H-B first,” said Adam. 
That would probably be the best course of action, considering H-B was the only one with any real knowledge regarding the Fexuit.
Ben had been right – the rope had made the descent a lot quicker, and within five minutes everyone was at the bottom and Adam went over the situation with H-B, showing him images of both the Eagle and the Mayan inscription.
“Remarkable, the language is proto-Mayan. And your translation is spot on as far as I can tell, bravo,” said the professor, proudly. 
He spoke that way whenever a student had achieved more than he expected. Adam was unsure whether he should be glad that he exceeded expectations or to wonder whether H-B’s expectations had not been all that high in the first place.
“So, do you think we should follow it then?” Adam asked.
“Yes, I should think so. While I cannot speak with absolute certainty for the Fexuit, it was common practice for peoples of Mesoamerica to have deity carvings watching over their secrets and guiding the way,”
After taking a quick water break, the group carried on under the watchful eye of the eagle statue. As they began walking once more, Adam had a weird thought swimming about in his head. How had he been able to translate Mayan? He had always struggled with non-contemporary languages, and that little segment of text had just seemed so natural to him. Perhaps it was dumb luck, something he had seen before and remembered? He decided to keep the thought to the back of his mind. For now it was just a mental windfall, not worth questioning immediately.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN: A HIDDEN OASIS



Following their new bearing, the group trekked through the canyon for another two hours, a journey made far more tolerable by the path they had chosen being partly covered by merciful shade. Ben asked Mathis why they had not just gotten up to date satellite images of the area and looked for what Charleston had described.
“Were it so easy. The only satellites that could do that properly for us are being used by the Department of Defense to keep an eye on some developments in the Middle East. Mr Hart wishes to maintain a good relationship with them, so we have leased our current imaging satellites out to the government while we prepare to launch a new network. We only have one spare in orbit right now, useless to us here thanks to its trajectory. And again, we are trying to keep this operation discreet, so commercial satellites were out due to the attention they would draw,” said Mathis.
After that, Ben asked Adam in jest if Mathis had an excuse for everything. He could not help but agree with the notion, though it was almost comforting to know Mathis had that many bases covered. The group eventually came to a high crest, exposing them once again to the harsh sunlight. Everyone who had them put on sunglasses, except for Ben and Han, who had neglected to bring any, instead holding a hand over their brows as improvised shade.
“How much longer is this going to take?” Slater asked loudly.
The geologist was making no effort to be liked by any of Adam’s people, let alone his own.
“It will take as long as it takes. Come on, man, there’s a process to all of this,” Adam replied.
“Well, I say next cool spot we find we take five, maybe think about another approach,” said Slater.
Adam turned to Mathis. True, it was blisteringly hot, and they had not taken a break since leaving the eagle statue on their new course, but they were trying to keep to schedule. As much as a break would be welcomed by all, the sooner they found the cavern, the sooner they could get inside and start working.
“What do you think Mr Mathis?” Adam asked.
Mathis looked at his watch.
“Next spot of shade we take five, but no more than five. We stay the course,”
With no further complaint, they continued to trudge along under the relentless sun. Adam had unbuttoned his shirt to allow what little breeze they had to cool him down. The Key seemed to be heating up the further they went, and he was regretting taking it with him. It felt as though it might start burning a mark into his chest soon. However, he thought it was safer to have it around his neck than in a pocket, as that way he could feel what it was doing and it was less likely to drop out and get lost amongst the rocks and sand.
A short while later they came to a large overhang and stopped underneath it to take their short rest. By this stage everyone was getting tired, so it was a very welcome break. Slater and Mathis went off to have a private conversation, so everyone else sat together.
“So what does everyone think of this expedition so far?” Han asked.
“I am reminded of a dig I went on in the early seventies. We were out in northern Syria, and we had an armed guard with us because of the tensions following the Six Day War. We trekked for four days to find a cave some idiot villager had discovered whilst hunting with dynamite, which turned out to be the entrance to some First Crusade era catacombs. Those were the days when sunburn was considered a sign of machismo, not a precursor to a painful death by cancer, so by the end of it we looked more like boiled lobsters than anything else,” said H-B.
Both Han and Liz chuckled at the old story, though Adam and the twins just smiled. The two teams, minus Slater, seemed to be connecting well, and he wondered whether he should try to speak with Liz again. He decided that he would wait until he got a moment alone with her, so at the very least he would not be putting her on the spot, and if he got shot down it could be a private moment. The feeling about the expedition so far for everyone else was positive. They learned from Han that Slater was the only person from their side who had been in the field before, but Hart had personally entrusted Liz with the leadership role because she was more capable.
“Han, stop, you’ll embarrass me,” she said.
“I dunno, he’s got a point. You’re assertive, and smart, and organized, and...” Adam stopped himself before he went on to say something stupid. 
He was next to Liz, and she was staring at him, as if trying to read what he was planning to say next. Fortunately it seemed that no one else was paying attention to them, caught up in yet another of H-B’s stories.
“And what?” she asked.
“I, well... I’ll tell you later, I think our time is up,” he replied, suddenly flustered.
A reprieve had come in seeing Mathis and Slater come back around the corner.
“I’m just saying, you’re makin’ a mistake is all. I got seniority, Hunter wanted me on this for a reason,” said Slater, arguing with Mathis.
“Leave it Dr Slater. That decision was, and continues to be, out of my hands. If you’ve got a problem you can take it up with Lucius himself when we are done. It would be smart to remember who we are working for. Alright everyone, let’s keep moving, we have an agenda,” Mathis announced. 
The group picked up their bags, Ben and Han putting on their new improvised pirate hats made out of newspaper. Adam was not exactly sure where the materials had come from, nor how they had constructed them without anyone noticing.
“You two look ridiculous,” said Alice, shaking her head.
“More like, we look awesome and you’re jealous.” Ben said, giving Han a high five. 
It seemed Ben had at last found someone with a similar level of maturity. The group set off once again.
*
“I think I see it!” Ben shouted from the crest of the hill. 
He had gone ahead of the others when they had reached what looked like the highest point in the canyon system, challenging Adam to another race which he graciously declined. For some reason that he was not intending to question, Liz had started walking beside him. He was not sure if it was to work out his motives, or to keep up the leader appearance, or to just be with him, or sheer coincidental pace, but whatever the reason he was silently enjoying the company.
The group walked up the hill to see what Ben was pointing out and were met with an amazing site; in the middle of a canyon system deep in a barren desert, one of the most inhospitable places on earth, was a beautiful oasis. They could not believe their eyes, so much life in such a desolate place, it was nothing like they had imagined from the pilot’s vague descriptions given to them second hand by Mathis.
The area around the spring like was something out of a dream. The water flowing from it was crystal clear, giving the orange-gold stone basin underneath it a shimmering effect, like a gigantic jewel. It was beautiful, but the lush vegetation surrounding it was by far the most incredible part. There were hundreds of small desert shrubs and flowers in full bloom, many of them hanging from the sides and ceiling of an enormous overhang that would have hidden the whole area from aerial view. It was a living paradise that stood completely out of place in the barren desert canyon. Adam heard Alice’s camera clicking away, and the group muttered in wonder.
“This is... This is impossible. It’s magnificent. How does something like this happen naturally?” Adam asked no one in particular.
`“It’s beautiful...” Liz said.
While the two were staring out at the incredible sight, the rest of the group had started walking down a rough-hewn path towards it.
“I don’t think this is entirely natural. Come along, let’s go get a closer look,” H-B called out to them.
They walked down to join the others and to see what H-B meant by it not being natural. They were all crowded around the edge of the spring, which Slater had just tested for salinity and toxins. The salt content in the water was absolute zero.
“Must be some kinda natural filter around here, maybe through the rocks, else the water is coming from somewhere outside of the flats. This should be brackish, Dead Sea tier water, but you could probably drink this,” he said.
As Ben moved to refill his water bottle from the spring, Slater stopped him by slapping the bottle from his hands.
“Hold up there compadre, I said it’s got a low salinity, we won’t know what the hell else is in it until I do more tests. I ain’t having nobody’s death on my conscience, not even your dumb ass. Didn’t your mama ever teach you not to go drinkin’ from random desert pools?” he said, pushing Ben back.
“Easy Roscoe, it’s your fault for being misleading.” Liz said sharply. 
Slater cocked his head to the side, like an animal that had just stumbled upon a new predator, and Liz stared him down. The power plays between the two were interesting to watch, and Adam was curious as to whether there was some history between. No, he knew there was some.
“There, do you see it?” asked H-B, kneeling at the edge of the overhang. 
During that brief confrontation he had gone over to what seemed to be the source of the water’s flow. It was an almost invisible slit in the rock wall, just above the water level, from which a steady trickle of water flowed.
“Look at it, it’s all but flawless. So angular... this could not have occurred naturally. Surely, someone must have constructed this,” he said, matter-of-fact-ly.
That much seemed obvious, but another matter came to Adam’s mind.
“How do you think those plants on the walls and overhang stay hydrated? There wouldn’t be any rainfall around here, and it doesn’t look like there’s any kind of irrigation,” he asked.
The many multicolor plants scaling the wall and overhang did not look like the kind that could survive desert conditions, and there did not seem to be any other water sources above them, so their magnificent state did come off as a mystery. Surprisingly, Ben offered a theory.
“Natural aeroponics maybe? It’s kind of like hydroponics, only using less water. Yes, I can totally see this. At a certain point each day, the sun would heat up the water in the lagoon to the point it starts to evaporate. It could then, like, condense on the overhang and walls and trickle down,”
Alice looked at her brother in abject shock, clearly not expecting that he would have any idea what something as complex as aeroponics was, let alone how it could work naturally.
“How the hell did you know that?” she asked him, incredulous.
Ben shrugged.
“I know many things. I pick up a lot of random information from the people I hang out with, and sometimes it comes in handy. The whole hydroponics and aeroponics thing comes from living with and coordinating college students. You know how many hydroponic weed setups I’ve had to dismantle in my time?” he explained.
Alice was still staring at him amazed that he knew something like that, and could see a little bit of pride in her eyes. It seemed that she had really underestimated her twin. Adam was surprised too, but Ben being a fountain of random information, if often irrelevant, was something he was well accustomed to. Mathis called for everyone’s attention.
“Alright folks, we’re all a bit blown away by this little oasis, but now it’s time to button down and get to work finding this cavern. If we split up we should be able to cover the two mile radius in a couple of hours, so we’ll pair off. Professor Hadley-Baldwin, Dr Slater, you’re team one,”
Mathis opened his bag tossed them a headset similar to Adam’s.
“Ben Crane and Dr Shuya, you’re team two,”
Han held up his walkie, indicating that they would not need a headset, but Mathis tossed one to them regardless.
“Alice Crane, you’re with me on team three, and that leaves Dr Pace and Mr Thorne as team four,”
Adam still had his headset, and Alice would be with Mathis so she would not necessarily need one. He was a bit surprised by the group selections, but he was not about to complain about it. After all, it could give him a chance to talk to Liz in private. The conversation they had held the previous night was odd, but not enough to put him off. In fact, it made Adam want to know more about her. Slater did not seem all too pleased with the pairings, but it was out of his control, so he did not vocally protest. Mathis handed each of them a flare gun.
“I’m going to give each of you a pair of flares, so we can find you more easily if you find the cavern. One is a smoker for signaling during that day, the other a triple light signal for night work, if it comes to that. When you fire them, make sure you do so in an open space, because they burn hot,” Mathis warned.
*
Adam and Liz took the south west quadrant of the valley. The terrain was difficult, but they managed to walk and climb without too much issue. The problem they seemed to encounter recurrently was loose earth on the edges of the rough-hewn path. There were ninety foot drops, and if they slipped they could have grievously injured themselves or worse on the slide down. Fortunately, so far, they had been lucky enough to avoid that.
“So Liz,” Adam started.
“Yeah?”
“What do you do besides engineering?” he asked.
She stopped walking and looked at him, an eyebrow raised.
“What do you mean?”
Adam thought it was pretty obvious what he meant, but took the cue anyway.
“Like in the real world. What do you do for fun? Do you have, like, a boyfriend or a hobby, something like that?”
Adam bit his tongue immediately. He had not meant to ask whether or not she had a boyfriend, a stupid thing to ask, but it had slipped out. However, from her unchanged expression, he guessed that she had pawned that comment off.
“I work, a lot. It keeps my mind off things. I’ll sometimes go to a bar or restaurant with Han or people from the labs, but that’s the extent of my social life.” Said Liz.
She looked down at the pale skin around her ring finger, and seemed to be lost in her thoughts for a moment.
“I’m not in a relationship right now. Not really looking for one either, too much drama, you know? All those words and gestures building up to nothing... I mean, I’m not saying that all relationships are a bad thing, but I’m yet to experience a good one. Something actually worth sticking around for,” she continued, trailing off.
Liz started walking again. 
“What about you then Adam? What’s your life like?” she asked.
“Well, it’s not paradise, but it’s not hell either. Just a normal life I suppose. I try to balance work and everything else. Some nights I end up at the bar with the twins and some other friends from Richelieu, otherwise it’s just trying to maintain the illusion of satisfaction,” said Adam.
“And you’re single. Your friend Alice told me that,” she added.
He had not expected that. Alice could read him like no one else, though, and whether he asked or not he knew she would look out for him.
“Yeah she’s a great friend. I don’t think I’ve ever really been closer to someone without being, you know, involved. I mean we dated back in high school, but we ended before anyone could get hurt. It’s nice to be able to get along with someone after all of that, to have a true friend,” he said.
They decided to stop for a moment when they found large stones they could sit on near a cliff edge. She put her bag down and took out a little pink notebook.
“What’s that?” Adam asked.
“Just a little exercise I do to stay on the ball. I’d appreciate it if you didn’t ask, it’s just a personal thing, no offence,” she said.
As went to grab a pen, she knocked her bag over and Adam saw the flare gun tumble out and roll down the steep, gravelly hill. He could have sworn he saw something shiny attached to it that had not been there before.
“Oh shit!” she exclaimed, and went to dive after it before Adam caught her.
“Whoa, hey, wait a minute! It’s just the flare gun. We still have the radio,” he said, indicating his headset.
“No, it’s not the flare gun, it’s my ring! It got caught on the trigger...” she said, panicked. 
When she turned to face him, she looked devastated, desperation in her eyes. That must have been the shining object that fell out with the gun. Adam thought quickly.
“Look, I’ve got some bare hand climbing experience. I’ll go down and look for it,” he said, handing the headset radio to her just in case.
“No, don’t! Look, it’s alright. Please, don’t worry about it. Its fine, we’ll get it later,” she said, but he could tell from her expression it was not fine.
“No, clearly it’s not alright, just think of this as an act of good will. Don’t worry about me; I can do this,” said Adam.
He dropped his bag a few feet away from the edge and started to climb down. The side of the cliff was slanted at a very sharp incline, but as long as he was careful he would not slip. He could see the gun with a silver band hanging loosely off the trigger a few feet below him. He eased his way down towards it, and was soon within reach of it.
“Almost got it!” he called up to Liz, who was leaning out to see.
He slowly inched closer to it, making sure he did not shift too much gravel under his weight, and both the flare gun and Liz’s ring were soon in his hands. It was not a wedding band as he had initially assumed, but a pure silver ring with an odd star-like symbol etched into it. He pocketed both to make the climb back up a little easier. Adam realized too late that there was too much loose sandy gravel for him to climb back up. He had not really thought the whole process through too well, and started thinking about just how he was going to get back. He could always try to maneuver his way down to the bottom and look for a safer path up, he thought, as it was only another sixty feet or so. 
He moved his foot to the left when suddenly the ground beneath his right gave way, causing him to fall. He tumbled down the hill painfully, the tiny loose rocks digging into his exposed skin, scratching and bruising him all the way down. He landed at the bottom in a crumpled heap, the dust and rocks still trickling down in his wake.
“Oh god! Adam, are you alright?” he heard Liz call from the top.
He had a plenty of fresh grazes, cuts, and bruises, but nothing serious as he checked himself over. No broken bones or severed arteries at least. The ring and the flare gun were still in his pocket when he checked, a small mercy. He was about to respond to her when he looked at the sheer cliff wall in front of him. There was a cave opening, and at its head was a carving. Adam checked it against the Key; it was the same symbol. Luck was on his side.
“Radio the others, we’ve found it!” he called back.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN: THE SPIRIT OF THE EAGLE



Liz managed to find a path down to Adam’s position within about half an hour of him setting off the flare, and he promptly returned the ring to her. She placed it on her finger and hugged him tightly in thanks.
“You didn’t have to do that, you could have been hurt,” she said as they parted.
Adam began to feel his face go red, and he hoped that the orange dust would mask the sudden change.
“I know, but seemed to be the right thing to do at the time. In retrospect not a brilliant maneuver, but it worked out for the best, I guess,” he replied.
The others arrived a short time later, after Liz had cleaned him up a bit with a first aid kit. Ben looked at the state Adam was in and laughed.
“Shit man, what happened to you?” he asked.
“I thought it might be fun to roll down a pile of sharp rocks, dirt, and sand,” Adam replied.
“You dolt. Man points for doing it though,” said Ben, slapping him on the back.
A small cloud of dust billowed off of his shirt. Mathis seemed exceptionally pleased with the outcome, and Adam was pretty sure this was the first time he had actually seen the man genuinely happy.
“Outstanding work, Mr Thorne; that’s taking the bull by the horns. I have informed Mr Hart of the discovery of the cavern, and he has asked that we get to work right away. Have you been inside yet?” Mathis asked, and Adam shook his head.
“We waited in the mouth of the cave, in the shade, but didn’t go any further. Didn’t know how long you were all going to take to get here, and the flare would only last so long,” he said.
“Very well, that is in keeping with protocol. Can’t have you getting lost in there. Let’s get started then,” said Mathis, leading the way.
The mouth of the cave was about thirteen feet high, and extended into the cavern at that height for about twenty yards before tapering down. The walls were very uneven, yet smooth to the touch. The position of the cave entrance at the bottom of the canyon meant that no sunlight would be able to illuminate anything inside, so Alice handed a few caving torches to the group as they walked in. The cavern came to a dead end about sixty yards in, which brought Adam to a disappointing conclusion. There were no signs of any carvings, or paintings, or any crude representation of the Elysian language. One thing that he had picked up from the notes sent to him was that in the Mediterranean sites was that every confirmed shrine featured the strange glyphic text on the walls. It seemed as though the symbol above the entrance was a red herring. He did not want to believe it.
“What? No, this can’t be right, the symbol outside... it can’t be a fake...” he said, under his breath.
“God damn it, you brought us to the wrong cave, haven’t you? You dumbass!” Slater exclaimed. 
“How was I meant to know?” Adam said in his defense.
“Well, you’re meant to be the expert on this, Indiana Jackass, so we all figured you’d have some fuckin’ clue as to whether it was gonna be the real deal or not. You’re just another moron who found himself in the right place at the right time, ain’t you?” Slater spat.
The rest of the group was silent, no one else coming to his aid this time. He began to feel that Slater might be right; so far most of his work on this project had been chance or accident. Still, it far from necessary or fair for Slater to tear into him that way; it had been an honest mistake. This cave must have been set up as a decoy.
“Well, I suppose we can just keep searching for the real one then, can’t we? Maybe you’ll have better luck finding it,” Adam shot back.
“Too fuckin’ right I would, ‘cause even if I don’t find it I ain’t stupid enough to call in the whole team to waste their time lookin’ at a fuckin’ blank sandstone wall!” Slater shouted, and walked away. 
The others soon followed in his wake. He was left alone in the limited torchlight with Alice and H-B.
“I don’t get it, I just don’t get it. How could this be wrong? The symbol outside...” he said to himself.
H-B looked at the wall.
“A lot of societies were secretive when it came to sites of great value, and the Fexuit were probably no different. No doubt they would have placed false paths so that should any foe attempt to take from them their treasure they would be met with a series of fakes first. It’s not your fault boy, do you have any idea how many false tombs Lord Carter fell into before finally uncovering Tut? They say he lost count. Tutankhamen? More like, Tutan-come-out-come-out-wherever-you-are,” H-B said, trying to lighten the soured mood.
Adam gave a half-hearted laugh, but something at the back of his mind was still bugging him as he stared at the dead end. He was sure this was the right cave, it had to be; he knew it. It was not just the need to be right either, something in his gut told him that this was where they were supposed to be. Alice put a reassuring hand on his shoulder.
“It’s not your fault. We’ll get Ben to put some scorpions in Slater’s backpack later. Come on, we’d better keep looking. At least we can mark this one off as useless now, one less to search,” she said, before turning away to join the others.
Adam felt like he was about to burst from frustration, so he picked up a rock and threw as hard as he could it at the blank wall and turned to leave. There was a strange hollow thud followed by an odd-sounding echo. Strange, it sounded almost as though there was something behind the wall. He turned back and walked towards it, feeling the wall. Unlike the other walls in the cave, it did not feel smooth. It was very rough, and when he rubbed up against it sandy grains fell away revealing a lighter color underneath.
“No way...” he said under his breath. 
He looked at the point where his rock had impacted against the wall and found a discolored dent. He picked up the rock again and started hitting the wall, which started to come away in small, gritty chunks.
“Guys, get back here!” he called out.
*
With some blunt-force effort Adam quickly produced a small hole in the wall, which seemed to hide a pathway leading deeper into the cavern. The rest of the group came back to see what his fuss was about.
“What now, you stubbed your toe and need somebody to kiss it better?” said Slater, mockingly.
“Shut up and take a look for yourself. It’s a false wall,” Adam said, throwing Slater a loose chunk of it which he almost fumbled out of his hands.
“What’s it made of?” asked Han.
Slater looked over it, felt it in his hands, and rubbed some of the granules between his fingers before tasting it and spitting.
“It’s hard-packed saltwater mud. Son of a bitch,” he said, still spitting.
His faith restored in what he was doing, Adam continued to hack away at the hole he had started.
“Of course, it seems so obvious now,” H-B mused.
The professor took the chunk of false wall from Slater and began to study it himself.
“A false wall, it would have been built when the last inhabitants left this place, to guard whatever lies within. The Fexuit would have had us believe that this was the wrong cave and we would have kept searching for another one that didn’t exist. Those magnificent bastards,” he explained.
“That’s all well and good Professor, but would you mind grabbing a rock, or a hammer, or a pick, or something and helping remove this obstacle?” Adam asked. 
The wall was quite expansive, and thick, so it would have taken a mighty effort by a single person to get through.
“Hang on, I have a better idea,” said Liz, reaching into a pocket on her satchel. 
She pulled out a brick sized black metal container.
“I thought we might have a use for this. Composition Two plastic explosives,” she said, a broad grin forming on her face.
“Hang on, plastic explosives? That sounds kinda dangerous. I’m as big a fan of explosions as the next guy, my Michael Bay movie collection speaks for itself, but I’m not all that keen to be spread all over the walls myself,” said Ben, nervously.
The rest of the group seemed to silently agree, but Liz had more to say.
“It’s alright; this stuff is designed for small scale use; mostly minor obstacle clearing, and blasting locks. C2 only has a very low explosive yield, you see. It should be enough to shatter the wall without harming us,” she explained.
“Well, that works for me. Any complaints? Mr Mathis?” Adam asked the group.
Ben bit his lip, but no one else seemed to have any problem with the idea. Mathis considered the option for a moment before giving his nod of approval.
“If it can accelerate our progress without damaging anything vital in here, go ahead,” he said.
Adam was happy with that, so he let Liz get to work setting up the small explosive. She lined the hole Adam had so far made with about half of her supply of the off-white putty, and stuck a bronze primer into it. The primer had a red and a green LED sticking out of the side, the green one flashing.
“Alright, we’re all going to want to stand back. The yield of the explosion will be small, but we don’t want the wall falling down on top of us. Now I’ve set it up as a timed charge, so we have another thirty five seconds or so before it goes off. I suggest we all move back to a safe distance. Thirty, now,” she said, dusting her hands off.
The group did not need to be told twice, and they all moved back towards the mouth of the cave. Adam stood next to Liz.
“You didn’t tell me you were packing explosives,” he said.
He could not say whether he was more surprised or impressed by her preparation. She turned to him and smiled.
“Well, when you bake a cake, you’re expected to break a few eggs. Breaking eggs is easier with plastic explosives,” she replied, grinning.
“You’re not wrong. I like the way you think, Dr Pace,” he commented.
A loud crack echoed through the cavern as the primer detonated the explosives behind them, much louder than the thunder from the lightning strike near the plane. The explosion had blasted an opening the size of a horse into the false structure, and under the torchlight they could see cracks spreading across the wall. It soon crumbled under its own weight into oblivion, and the group was met with a gust of cold, salty, stale air and a wave of dust.
As the dust settled, Alice turned up the output on the caving torches so they could what lay behind the fallen wall. The false wall had hidden a wide tunnel which, unlike the outer cave, had flat black walls with white glyphs painted on them. Adam rushed over and looked closely at them. The paintings were very delicately produced, the lines and curves infinitely finer than what he had seen in the codex, but they were definitely the same language.
“Alice, Ben, I need you to start taking pictures of both sides, we have to document this,” said Adam, 
For a moment nobody responded, but when he repeated himself the group snapped out of their state of awe. Mathis, however, had a suggestion.
“I think we should get the rest of the equipment from the vehicles, so this can be done properly, and we’ll need every able body for it. The photography is going to have to wait for now, we have to do this by the book,” he said.
“But weren’t you the one saying that we needed to get into this as fast as we could?” Adam asked, the excitement suddenly ripped away from him by this change of plans.
“The rush was to find the cavern. Now that we have, we can stake our claim and declare this a private research site, and prevent rival parties undercutting us for a while longer. Time remains an issue, but Mr Hart needs this to be done properly. He would want us to make time for it,” Mathis finished.
From the tone of that statement, Adam understood that the decision was final.
*
Alice, H-B, and Liz stayed at the cave, whilst the others had returned to camp to retrieve the equipment they would need. The route they chose got them there in far less time than expected, however they would take longer to return carrying all of the equipment. Even with the five of them they were going to have to make at least two trips to get all of the caving and surveying gear to the cavern. Most of the science team’s equipment, on the other hand would stay in place at their camp, the three scientists only needing to take samples and only requiring minimal on-site technology. In a stroke of good fortune, the spot where they had left the Boar and Bush Pig was close to an entrance accessing the canyons, and the afternoon sun meant that they could travel in the cool shadows for the most part.
“Hoo boy, this is exactly how I wanted to spend my day, lugging around some fancy boy archaeologist’s crap,” Slater moaned.
“No one cares what you think, shut your mouth,” said Ben.
“Well clearly I care, because I’m sayin’ it,” Slater replied.
“Your opinion is invalid. Please shut up,” Ben reiterated.
“No, you shut up, fuckin’ man-child” Slater shot back.
It was very difficult for anyone to even attempt to like the loud geologist; he seemed to breed nothing but contempt every time he opened his mouth. Before the situation could escalate, a piercing cry echoed through the canyon, and they dropped what they were carrying.
“What the hell was that?” Slater asked.
“I don’t know, but it wasn’t human. Sounded almost like... a bird,” Adam said.
“Like an eagle? Isn’t this place called the Eagle’s Claw? That kind of makes sense. Seems weird that with a name like that we are yet to see an eagle though. Aside from that statue,” said Ben, nonchalant.
Adam’s headset crackled to life.
“We’re being attacked by a pack of giant eagles, they’re blocking us from getting out of the cave, come quick!” said Alice, speaking rapidly.
“What?”
“Big pissed off birds are swooping at us! We are trapped in the cave! Would appreciate it if you did something about that!” she shouted over the radio, which then went dead.
“Alice? Shit, let’s go, leave the stuff here!” Adam said, his heart racing.
Adam, Ben and Han bolted back in the direction of the cave, leaving Mathis and Slater with their abandoned gear. They had no idea what they were going to be able to do to help, but it sounded as if the other three were in trouble. When they arrived at the scene they saw just what the problem was; a dozen eagles, each at least twice as large as they should be, were circling near the entrance to the cave, occasionally swooping down where most of their packs still lay out exposed.
“Holy shit!” Ben shouted, wide eyed.
This turned out to be a mistake, as suddenly the giant birds of prey turned their attention to the three that had just arrived and diverted their attack to them. Ben and Adam dived for cover, but Han did not react quickly enough. Two of the huge birds laid into him, one attacking his arm with its razor sharp talons, the other his neck.
“Get them off me!” he pleaded, so Adam jumped out and started swinging his rucksack at them. 
At first the birds seemed to back off, stunned that something was fighting back but after a moment it only seemed to make them more aggressive, and a third eagle swooped down and knocked him to the ground.
Three loud cracks echoed through the air, and two of the assailing birds fell to the ground dead, the rest scattering in retreat. Adam picked himself up off the ground and checked on Han. His shirt was half shredded, and he had a series of deep gashes from his shoulder all the way down his forearm through which blood was slowly oozing, but he did not seem to be in mortal danger. Adam was himself no more injured than he had been following his earlier tumble down the slope, though his shirt was now completely shredded. He and Ben helped Han to his feet. As they did so, he called the others to come out of the cave, and Mathis and Slater appeared too.
“Does anyone have any medical experience here?” he asked.
“I’ll take him back to the camp, we have some basic medic supplies there,” said Mathis, holstering a pistol that Adam recognized as a Beretta 92.
“Thanks. And thanks for scaring them off. Why didn’t you say you had a gun with you? Wait a minute... Why do you have a gun with you?” Adam asked, the gravity of the sudden development hitting him full force.
“Insurance policy. This is for emergency use only. Come on Dr Shuya, I’ll patch you up,” said Mathis.
As he and Han had left for camp, Ben dusted himself off and went to inspect the damage to the group’s backpacks. There had not been much harm done, just a few tears here and there, save for Liz’s, which was reduced to a pile of shredded cloth. Adam’s own rucksack seemed to be in the exact same condition it had been in before, but considering the Frankenstein-like state of it, that would be hard to tell. Once they were certain Mathis was out of earshot, Ben asked the million dollar question.
“What kind of emergency requires a handgun?” he asked under his breath.
“This one did, I guess…” Adam replied.
“You know what I mean,” Ben pressed, looking towards the two dead birds of prey.
“Yeah,”
To say it was strange that Mathis was carrying a gun was an understatement, but it was not the most concerning part. That dubious honor went to the fact that he had kept them in the dark about it.
CHAPTER NINETEEN: THROUGH THE EYES OF ANOTHER



Adam, Ben, Slater and H-B spent the next few hours travelling back and forth between the cavern and the camp to retrieve all of the necessary gear. Mathis had done a good job stitching Han up, but for the time being he would be doped up on painkillers and unable to fully use his right arm. He was going to be out of commission for at least a couple of days, but fortunately could still fill a useful role. He had rigged up a computer network and attached it to some solar panels, a satellite modem, and an odd-looking transmitter.
“Something Teagues and I cooked up back in the day, the subnet. It works like a wireless web connection, only without any issues of low signals, dropped signals, or competing for bandwidth, and pretty much uncrackable. It only sends and receives in single package bursts, so web browsing isn’t an option, but when you’re in the middle of nowhere and need to send large amounts of data back and forth, there’s nothing better. It can shoot off up to a terabyte of data at a time with under two milliseconds of ping. Might even be used on the first manned missions to Mars, if we can lock the contract,” he boasted.
Han was to stay at the camp and keep in contact via radio and a smaller transmission unit through which they could upload images and video. From there could keep everything they found catalogued and look up anything they needed to know using the miniature computer network. He would be their point of reference, acting as their Oracle. Adam did not get the reference, but Ben explained that Oracle was a comic book character who had acted more or less as the digital controller for a group of superheroes after a crippling accident.
It had gotten late in the afternoon by the time they had hauled of the necessary gear to the cavern, and the light was getting very low. Fortunately included in the first load of gear that they had brought across were a set of six gas powered floodlights and several high output caving sticky-lights. Alice and Liz had gone about setting those up to illuminate the cave, and Adam was itching to see what the inner sanctum of the cavern was like for himself. As he walked in, Alice handed him her camera.
“Han radioed in to us about the transmitter, and I’ve got a whole bunch of both individuals and panoramic of both sides of the entrance tunnel. I should tell you that the radio’s ranged signal drops to near nothing the further in you go, so if you need to contact anyone you should do so outside of the cave. That or relay it,” she said.
Adam was glad that Alice had gotten all of this work done so quickly. It was an admirable quality that she could start a job and stick to it until the end, a trait that was increasingly difficult to find in people.
“Awesome, thank you, Alice. I’ll send the data to camp soon, but right now I want to check the cave out,” he said as he headed in. 
Liz met him at the start of the tunnel.
“How’s Han doing?” she asked.
“Mathis says the wounds were deep but didn’t cause any serious damage, and if he does get worse we can always call in a medevac chopper. He will be out of play for at least a couple of days in any case,” said Adam.
“Damn, I guess it will have to wait then...” said Liz, visibly disappointed.
“What will have to wait?” Adam asked.
“Oh right, you haven’t been in yet. I’ll show you,” she replied.
Liz led him through the tunnel to the main part of the cavern, and when he saw it with his own eyes, he was blown away. It was not a mere cave like he had expected, it was like a temple. There was a stone altar in the center, and the walls stretching up twenty feet were covered by an elaborate mural.
“Oh my...” he breathed. 
The sight was simply overwhelming. He felt something building up inside him, he was not sure if it was joy, or fear, or excitement, or a combination of all three, but it was incredible. All he could do was laugh at the scene.
“This is amazing, it’s so... I don’t even know how to describe it. It’s like nothing I’ve ever seen before!” he said, reeling.
“The marvelous irony of history is that there’s always something new,” said H-B, somewhere in the room.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this while we were bringing the equipment across, professor?” Adam asked, looking around for him.
H-B was looking over the altar in the center of the room and scribbling down notes. He looked up as Adam came over to him.
“I didn’t want to spoil it for you. After all, how often does one get to see the fruits of their labors in our profession? Most researchers, they do the hard yards until all of their work is claimed by the people who happen upon the discoveries, and they receive little mention for it and are ultimately forgotten. I think you’ve earned this one, boy,” said H-B.
*
Adam went outside and sent a burst of image data to Han once he was satisfied that every square foot of the impressive chamber had been recorded, including three dimensional image scans taken by some Hart equipment. They had spent about four hours doing so, making sure not to miss anything. The gigantic painting on the far wall was arguably the most breathtaking feature of them all, and when he received it Han sounded very impressed over the radio.
“Can’t wait to see it up close, the pictures are fantastic!” Said Han.
“Just take it easy for now, you don’t want to strain yourself and pop a stitch,” Adam warned.
“Haha, okay man. I’ll see you all when you get back here,” Han laughed.
Adam returned to the chamber and looked around the painting. It was a magnificent piece, entirely unlike anything he had ever seen before in Mesoamerican art. Across the entire wall was a scene of battle. The text underneath was all written in Elysian glyphs, so they could not translate it yet, but he had a pretty good idea of what was going on in the scene. There were two distinct forces, one underneath an eagle and another underneath a wolf, the former primarily colored with vibrant red and the latter with dull blue and grey. Each side had what looked like a deity in human form, the Eagle-sided one had a brace on his wrist cast toward his enemy whilst the Wolf-sided one held a large medallion in her hand, each of which had the symbol of the Key on it. On opposite sides of the painting were strange glassy looking images of the Sun and the Moon.
“You think this is maybe the Great Fexuit War that you mentioned before? You know, the one that other tribes spoke of in legend?” Adam asked H-B.
The old professor dwelled on the question for a moment, then gave a slight nod.
“Perhaps. Though in this one, it seems that the Fexuit forces are winning. Notice how the Eagle has been painted with its talons bared, and the Wolf in a cowering position. The people fighting below are not the significant things here; that honor falls on the animals and the deity figures,” said H-B. Adam was confused.
“What do you mean by that?” He asked.
“Well, just look at the painting and it seems obvious. The deities and the animals have been painted with precision and care, whereas the people below are a lot cruder in appearance, almost as if drawn by different hands. While it is not uncommon for an image of a deity to be so portrayed with significance, it was a rule of practice that aesthetic remained consistent for all things depicted, unless something was exceptionally important. Some dating and chemical testing ought to tell us more of the story,” H-B explained.
Adam looked closely at the painting, H-B was right. The two giant deity figures and the animals had clearly been given priority during the creation of the piece. There was something that stood out in between them, an image of an eclipse. A thought occurred to him, and he addressed the professor once more.
“So in your professional opinion, roughly when do you think the Fexuit would have made this?” he asked. 
H-B pocketed his notepad and pen and put on his glasses to have a better look at the painting.
“Well, that is a difficult question, one I’m not entirely sure I can answer at this stage. Most of what we know about the Fexuit comes from oral history, which is unreliable at best, but my rough estimate would be prior to the Mayan ascent by a few centuries, no more than seven hundred years. That is based on what I do know about Nasuit people, who are said to have come into prominence around the same time... Of course, the Nasuit!” H-B exclaimed.
“What about them?” Alice asked, joining the pair. 
H-B went to his bag, pulled out a beaten old leather-bound notebook and started flicking through pages, looking for something.
“The Nasuit people were one of the longest existing cultures in Northern America. Their history has significant mention of a great war with a people to the south of them, a war which ended in stalemate long before European settlement. I think this painting may be a depiction of that war,” he began.
“What makes you think that?” Adam asked.
“Because the Nasuit had two primary animal deities, one for war and one for wisdom... their god of war was the Wolf!” H-B said triumphantly, holding up the page for Adam and Alice to see. 
On it was a worn Polaroid showing a cave painting in similar vain to the one before them. Depicted in this painting however were an owl and a wolf. The wolves in the photograph and the painting looked remarkably similar.
“Wow. Just... Wow. The pieces are coming together,” Adam muttered in amazement.
Mathis coughed to announce his entrance.
“How is everything going here, have you found anything about the artefact within yet?” he asked.
Within the group that had been working in the cave, no one had really given it much thought. Adam, Alice, Ben and H-B had so far just been photographing everything and looking for some clue as to the origin of the magnificent chamber, whilst Slater and Liz had been off doing their own thing, taking samples and making calculations. At that moment, Liz had a Geiger counter clicking away in her hand.
“Well, so far nothing on any artefact. I have a feeling it might have been in this room at one stage, whatever it is, but it’s been moved. This altar has to be here for a reason, and it doesn’t look like a sacrificial one. If we could figure out how to read this language we might be able to make some headway, I mean there’s even something written on the altar. We just don’t know what we’re meant to be looking for yet,” Adam said, indicating the tiny script they had discovered on the altar. 
Mathis did not seem particularly pleased by this, but neither did he seem disappointed. More accepting of reality than anything else.
“Well, I suppose it may have to wait for tomorrow, it’s getting dark and Mr Hart does not think it fair to ask you to spend the night in a cave,” Mathis said.
“And what do you think?” asked Ben.
Mathis gave him a dead stare.
“I think time not spent on the job is time wasted. Mr Hart usually thinks along similar lines, but I suppose he is feeling benevolent today,” said Mathis.
*
When they arrived back at camp it was well past nightfall, and the temperature had dropped rapidly beneath the cloudless sky. Han, Slater and Liz went about analyzing the samples they had taken immediately with their equipment. H-B opened up his laptop and started typing up the notes he had scribbled down in the cave, whilst Ben and Alice set about preparing dinner from the ration packs. The team had voted that they just pool all of their food and eat together, in an effort to socialize more and break through the remaining tensions. Slater, of course, was making no effort on his part, instead opting to call it an early night. He once again asked Liz to join him, but she flatly declined, not looking up. Soundly defeated, the geologist slinked away.
“Seriously, what is with that guy?” Alice asked her.
“I’ll tell you later. It’s complicated,” Liz replied, and began to drift off once again into her own world.
Adam and Ben volunteered to go for a water run, and grabbed a pair of five gallon containers each. When they got to the water tank and started filling up, Adam began to feel slightly unsteady.
“You alright bro? You look a little out of it, kind of like you’ve been roofied,” Ben asked, concerned.
“What? Yeah, I’m okay, just a bit of a headache. Probably all of the excitement of the day, and the heat,” Adam replied, but something did feel off.
Returning to camp, Adam decided he would probably be better off resting rather than socializing with the others. Before he went, however, Liz pulled him aside.
“Hey, listen. I’m sorry about the other night when I kind of laid into you,” she said, once they were out of the group’s earshot.
“That’s fine, you have your job and I have mine, and you wanted to avoid us clashing, I get it,” he replied.
“No really, it’s just that... well to be honest this is the first time I’ve ever had to do anything like this, and I have a huge problem with failure, and I can’t disappoint some of the higher ups in the company... look, I just need you to know that it was nothing personal,” she said, looking down. 
Adam put his hand on her shoulder for a moment.
“It’s fine, really. I understand completely,” he said.
He began walking towards his tent to call it a night, but then paused and turned back. Now was as good a time as any to give the old college try. All he had to do was say what he wanted to say.
“You know what, just gonna put this out there, I’d like to get to know you outside of this expedition. I’m not asking you out on a date, as such, but it would be great if we could meet up, maybe do dinner or something. I mean, it could be a date, but it really doesn’t have to be,” he said.
Liz looked at him for a moment, considering the offer, and let out a deep breath.
“Yeah? Maybe, I don’t know. It’s not a bad idea, but there are some things… give me a couple of days, I’ll let you know,” she said, smiling a little and heading back to the others in the main tent.
“Okay, um, goodnight then?” he said, even though she was likely out of earshot by now.
Her answer certainly seemed better than a straight up no, so he accepted that response as he ducked into his tent. He fell asleep practically as soon as he lay down, not bothering to take the Key from around his neck.
*
Run, that is all he needs to do now, just run. Their enemies must not find the gift. The canyon walls seem to shimmer in the moonlight; he does not need the gift to see. The light from the burning torches of his pursuers is fast catching up to him, and he does not have time to admire the beauty of his soon to be abandoned home.
He passes through the village; small, temporary huts. The people had already fled south to the safety of the old kingdom upon word of their enemy’s impending attack. If the invaders do not destroy these shelters, then nature soon will, as they had intended. This was not the first time they had been forced to flee, and would not be the last. They were guardians of a much sought-after prize.
His feet are suddenly wet, it seems as if the lagoon has begun to overflow. Hopefully that will slow down his pursuers long enough that he can seal the entrance to the temple, preventing them from gaining access to the holy gift. If they obtained it, all of the world would be lost in the inferno.
He deftly navigates the quick path down to the temple, and pulls away a supporting stone to cause a small landslide and block the trail. The entrance to the temple is soon in sight. All but two of the holy guards have fled with the rest of the tribe, remaining behind to seal the cavern from within. The temple had been built by the gods as a safe haven, but they had to be sure. Gods were fickle.
The two remaining holy men had all but blocked off the tunnel with their fast-drying mud mixture, leaving only a small hole to crawl through. He tells them to run, for the others are coming. He will seal himself inside and guard the gift himself, the gods have decreed it. The two holy men acknowledge this and leave. If they are caught their suffering will be great, but they will never reveal the secrets of the temple.
He fills in the hole quickly behind him; he knows he does not have much time left. Even if the wall does hold, he must take the treasure into the shrine. He looks up at the image of the eclipse on the painting... he knows the way forward.
*
Adam was roused from his strange dream with a bottle of water dumped over his face.
“Dude, wake up, you’re scaring me,” Ben said, grabbing him by the shoulders.
His head was still spinning from what he had just seen. There was a mild glow of natural light coming into the tent; it was dawn.
“Wha... What happened? What’s wrong?” he asked.
“You looked like you were having a seizure or something man, speaking in tongues. Are you okay?” Ben asked.
Adam took a deep breath, then a long drink from his own water bottle. He was sweating profusely and the Key was hot on his chest.
“I’m fine, I’m fine... This is going to sound really weird, but I think I know what to look for now. I know how to get inside...”
CHAPTER TWENTY: IT’S NEVER THAT SIMPLE



Adam quickly threw on his clothes and climbed out of the tent; he had never felt so driven in his entire life. In the main tent he saw H-B once again had risen early and was sipping his tea, Mathis was nearby speaking to someone on the satellite phone, and Liz was typing up some of her notes from the previous day.
“Okay everyone, are we good to go?” Adam asked, brimming with energy.
Alice climbed out of her tent half dressed, and Han and Slater appeared from around the other side of the main tent. All of them looked at him strangely.
“Come on, let’s get going,” he pressed, trying to urge them on.
“What’s the god damn rush?” Slater asked.
The things he had seen the previous night flashed through his head. He had no idea what had triggered it, but somehow everything, the painting, the cave, the Elysian glyphs, all of it would make sense once they got back in there today, he just knew it. He did not know how to put it into words yet, finding himself unable to find a way to explain his dream without looking insane. They had to get onto it soon, while it was all still fresh in his mind. Today they would make a flying leap towards their goal, leaving behind the baby steps of the previous few days. The group was still looking at him strangely, so he spoke again.
“I’ve got a really good feeling about today, we might find what we’re looking for,” he said, all of the confidence he could possibly muster in his voice.
Mathis perked up upon hearing this, and quickly hung up on whoever he was talking to. Clearly not someone of great importance on the line.
“That is excellent news, especially considering I have to make another progress report to Mr Hart this afternoon. It would be ideal to have actually progressed by the time I make it,” he said.
Adam turned to the rest of the group, as if beckoning them to follow his lead. Liz closed her laptop and picked up her satchel.
“Well, let’s hope today is a good day for all,” she said.
*
The whole group sans Slater and Han, who were running the numbers on data that had been collected the previous day, made haste to get to the Fexuit Temple. They had collectively decided to refer to it as such, because calling it the cave seemed too informal, and calling it the dig site seemed too technical and a little disrespectful. After all, it did seem to be a religious site of some kind. Slater was going to join them after he had taken another look at the black Eagle statue that had pointed them in the right direction the previous day, in order to determine for sure whether it was composed of Olympicite.
“So what’s with the mad rush all of a sudden?” Alice asked Adam, trying to keep up with his brisk pace. 
He thought for a moment about whether he should tell her about his strange vision, but that would be asking for a considerable leap of faith on her part. As much as he trusted her, and she him, he was not ready to tell her that; he had not yet told her about the half-remembered dream he had had when first uncovering the Key. When the time was right, he would tell her everything, but not a moment sooner.
“Things start to make sense after a good night’s sleep. I don’t know, perspective or something. Anyway, I think I know how to get where we need to in order to find this artefact,” he said, trying to cover himself.
“Oh, okay then,” she said, sounding unconvinced.
Alice could read him like a book, always knowing when he was lying, but she did not pursue the issue this time. Knowing her, the subject was bound to be brought up again when he least expected it. Hopefully he would think of a sane sounding answer by then.
The group arrived at the cave entrance and made their way through the tunnel. Once they entered the antechamber Adam stood on the altar, as he had seen the figure do in his vision, facing the image of the eclipse, and drew a complete mental blank. He knew that the eclipse was important, and had some relationship to unlocking the secret of this site, but no idea how it did so. If only his vision had gone for longer, he would know.
“Well boy, what are we supposed to be seeing?” H-B asked after a minute of Adam standing on the altar did nothing.
“There’s something out of place on the wall painting, I’m sure of it. Something that just doesn’t fit...” Adam said. 
His level of performance anxiety was quickly rising the longer he was unable to find what he was looking for. A voice in the back of his head told him to throw a rock or something at the eclipse, so he picked a glow stick out of his bag, cracked it, and hurled it towards the black eclipse. It vanished.
“Wait, what?” Alice asked.
She pulled out a flashlight and shined it directly at the image of the eclipse, and from the altar Adam could see that it was in fact a hole in the wall merely disguised to look like a part of the mural. He looked above him and saw what looked like the withered remains of a grass rope hanging from the roof.
“No way...” Adam said, still amazed at how his vision was directing him.
Up until then, he had been in two minds about what he had seen in his dreams, but this... it did not confirm anything, it still could have been dumb luck, but the contrary evidence was piling up fast. He did not know what to think.
“Impossible…” he muttered.
After he got down from the altar, Ben and Alice quickly went about setting up a makeshift swinging rope using a piton drilled into the roof. They tested how much weight it could hold, and it was easily able to carry the pair of them. Adam decided that he would go up first to see what lay within.
“Alright, here’s the plan. I swing in and see what’s what; I’ll have the radio with me so I can stay in contact at close range. I mean, I shouldn’t be too far from you, and you’d be able to hear me if I shouted, but I have no idea how much deeper this thing is likely to go. Hell, it could just be a small recess and I’ll find whatever it is we’re supposed to be looking for just sitting in front of me, or there could be nothing there at all. I’ll report back what is or isn’t on the other side, and then anyone who feels the need can follow me in,” he explained.
Alice gave him her high resolution camera, and Ben gave him a small packet of glow sticks, just in case. He carefully tucked both into his rucksack and prepared to climb the rope, but Liz stopped him.
“Hey, be careful in there, you have no idea what’s inside,” she said.
Her concern made his cheeks immediately turn red, but he laughed it off. Now was not the time for him to become flustered over a girl.
“What’s the worst that can happen? With luck, this will all be over in an hour or two,” he replied.
He climbed the rope and started swinging, kicking out his legs and using the momentum to get closer to the hole with each swing. He jumped from the rope when he thought he was close and caught the ledge with both hands, pulling himself over. He looked down and saw a drop down that looked like it ended at the same level as the ground in the main chamber of the temple. The glow stick he had thrown in before was still glowing bright green.
“There’s a drop down to ground level, and then it looks like another passageway. I think I see foot and handholds on the wall though, so I’m going in. See you all in a few,” he called out to the others as he made his way inside.
When he reached the bottom he was glad Ben had given him so many glow sticks, as there was no natural light to illuminate this place, and the beam of his torch could only do so much for him down here. Directly in front of him was a long, narrow tunnel, and it seemed to branch off into different paths. He was afraid that something like this would happen, he was not a fan of mazes, so he put a hand to his headset to update the others.
“Okay, there is a tunnel down here, but it looks like it runs deep. I’ll leave a trail of glow sticks for anyone who wants to follow me. Gives me a way back, too,” he said. 
Han had tinkered with the headset the night before, boosting its output strength to compensate the signal dampening they were experiencing inside the cave, but it would still only work within a certain range. He received a garbled response from the others, too difficult to understand until the third time they repeated it. They were getting ready to send Liz and Ben in soon, so he decided to wait for them.
Ben dropped in first with a few more packets of glow sticks and relayed the message that H-B believed that with three of them they would be able to cover the entirety of the maze with greater haste, eliminating dead ends. It was sound logic, and Adam was glad he had brought the professor on as his second in charge; he would think of little details like that.
“So how’s it going on the good doctor’s front, if you catch my none-too-subtle drift? In need of my magic touch?” Ben asked as they waited.
Adam rolled his eyes.
“Not now dude, not now,” he said.
Once Liz arrived, they prepared to split up. Adam was to take the left path, Ben the middle, and Liz the right. They each had different colored glow sticks so they would know if they were crossing paths at all, Adam with green, Liz with blue, and somehow Ben ended up with pink, a result that he was not entirely happy with.
“I’m just saying, social justice wanker opinions aside, pink is more of a girls color,” Ben lamented, trying to secure a trade.
“You really want to start this now?” Liz asked, staring at him incredulously in the low light. 
Adam could not tell if she was being serious or mocking Ben with the comment. He decided to play it safe and diffuse the situation.
“Ben, it’s just a glow stick, nobody is judging you on that. Now your monthly attempts to score free drinks in gay bars by breaking out the leather chaps, on the other hand, raise some questions,” he joked, earning himself a shove from Ben.
“Screw you, bro, just because I have fashion sense and know how to have a good night on a tight wallet. It’s an art,” Ben retorted, flipping him the bird.
Even in the low light, he was certain he saw Liz smile. Adam just shook his head and started down his path. They agreed to return to the starting point should they come to a total dead end. At least that way they could eliminate a path if it proved fruitless.
*
The walls were blank, warm to the touch, completely smooth, and felt as though they might have been constructed from the same mineral as the eagle statue. Adam made his way down the passageway, whistling the Indiana Jones theme to keep himself entertained. He wondered if this was the path the figure in his vision had taken. When deciding which path to take, the voice in his head had told him to go left, so he went with it. He was chewing through a lot of glow sticks on his way, one with every turn he made, so he did his best to conserve the few he had remaining. The path below him, he noted, was covered in a shallow layer of sand, perhaps two inches deep. He had radioed this to H-B, thinking it might be significant, but could not understand the reply message. He was easily a hundred yards into the maze, and it seemed that was the extent to which Han’s field upgrade to the headset had helped.
“Military grade my ass,” he muttered. 
He had expected an echo, but the sound was oddly dulled, almost muffled. He kept on walking forward until he hit a wall face first, knocking him to the ground and the torch a few feet behind him.
“Son of a bitch...” he exclaimed, his voice barely a whisper against the acoustically dead walls. 
It seemed that his instincts had been wrong this time. He picked himself up and dusted the sand off his back. This was frustrating, but he supposed that voices in his head telling him what to do will not always be right. In that respect at least, he was doing better than a lot of schizophrenics. He cracked another glow stick and held it up in front of the wall that had felled him, and was met with a surprising sight. It was a very large carving of the symbol represented on the Key, with a fist sized red ruby in the middle of it. He tapped the transmitter on the radio.
“Hey, I don’t know if any of you can hear me, but I’ve found the Key symbol on a wall… looks like I’ve reached a dead end though, so I’ll take a few snaps and head back to the outer chamber; put together a new plan from there,” he said, but only heard static in response.
He took a photograph of the image on the wall and held up the Key to get a comparison. The red jewel in the center of both the Key and the carving glowed for a moment, and a loud rumbling began to echo through the maze, surrounding him with noise. All of a sudden, the wall that had been blocking his path descended into the floor, revealing another passageway, one without any sand on the floor. Adam started into the darkness ahead of him tried his radio, but now it was completely dead. This was clearly something big, too big to handle by himself, so he turned back to tell the others in person. He immediately found himself face to face with a black wall, one that had not been there before, blocking him off from the others.
“What the hell?” he breathed.
He was not going to panic, he could not allow himself to do that; he knew that panicking would only make the situation more difficult, so he took a deep breath and counted down from ten. Everything was fine; it was only a wall inexplicably appearing behind him, sealing off his way out of an ancient temple that they hardly knew anything about. He thought for a moment that perhaps he had just gotten turned around, and only imagined the glowing jewel in the symbols, but made a discovery that blew that theory away when he looked down. On the ground, in the sand, half of torch lay crushed at the foot of this inexplicable new wall, battery acid leaking out, the remainder disappearing underneath.
“No... No, no, no, no, Oh my god... Shit! Hey! Ben! Liz! Can either of you hear me?” he called out, pounding his clenched fists against the walls. 
He received only silence in response.
“It’s alright, this is fine. Everything is fine. There is nothing wrong here at all,” he muttered to himself.
“All I need to do is wait until they realize I’m missing, and they’ll come and find me. The trail of glow sticks should be enough, right? Right?” 
Saying these things out loud seemed like a good idea, calming him down a little, but the act seemed almost counterproductive. He sat down and cracked a couple of extra glow sticks so he would at least be able to see. He read the packaging on them; it said that they should last five hours before dimming. Hopefully the others would realize something was wrong before then.
*
Two hours passed, and Adam had heard nothing. His radio headset had been rendered useless, for without a signal it would not even try to send, let alone receive. The frustration of being trapped coupled with the extreme boredom from inactivity was beginning to get to him, so he decided to become proactive. He rifled through his battered old rucksack and pulled out three items: his Zippo lighter, a small can of lighter fluid, and a collapsible carbon depth stick.
“Okay, let’s see if Ben’s MacGyver marathons taught me anything useful…”
He took off his work shirt and wrapped it around the end of the stick, drenched it in the lighter fluid, and lit it. He now had an improvised flame torch. He figured if he was going to be stuck behind the trap wall, he might as well see what lay down the extended passageway. The logic was that there might be some escape route further down, thinking that it would be ridiculous for someone to make a place of religious practice inescapable, even if this was supposed to be a trap. In the back of his mind, however, was the real driving force for this decision: something told him that he was meant to stay the course and see what lay down this path, and that he would be rewarded for doing so. He was having trouble understanding where these urging thoughts were coming from, and normally he would have been more cautious about them, but so far they had not steered him wrong. After all, it was not like his situation could really get any worse. 
Walking down the hallway by firelight was a whole different experience than before. The way the light from the flickering flames danced off the surface of the walls was eerie, giving the whole tunnel a hypnotic glow. He was no longer leaving the trail of glow sticks, conscious to the chance that if his improvised torch ran out of fuel he would have to depend on them as a light source. 
The passage seemed to go on forever, but eventually it began to widen. At the end of the long path was an arch leading into a small chamber. Something, at last; he did not care what it was, it gave him a flicker of hope that he might yet escape the maze. He took a photograph of the arch, and when he looked at them on the digital preview screen he saw more examples of the glyphic Elysian language. 
“I love it when a plan comes together,” he said, hoarsely.
He held his torch high to better illuminate the glyphs. The way they were grouped, it was like they spelled out a message. As he thought about this, his head began to ache, and the Key suddenly burned white hot on his chest. He grabbed the pendant with both hands, the effort of pulling it off knocking him down to the ground, and the burning quickly subsided, the Key now cool again in his right palm. Adam looked up at the glyphic language, and to his utter confusion it all suddenly made sense. He could read the language.
PROMETHEUS: THE GUARDIAN OF THE INFINITE FLAME
“Holy shit...” he breathed.
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE: RESCUE EFFORTS



When Liz returned to the rendezvous point at the start of the maze system after two hours, she found Ben Crane waiting alone, juggling a trio of unbroken pink glow sticks. He caught them and dropped them back into his backpack when he noticed her coming.
“Oh, hey. You hit a dead end too?” he asked.
“Yeah, just a rounded off wall. I back tracked and found a lot of other dead ends as well; more or less what we expected to find in a place like this. I don’t understand what the deal is with the sand on the floor though; there is nowhere for it to have leaked in, so it must have been put there intentionally, but it doesn’t seem to serve any purpose,” she said.
Ben shrugged.
“Don’t look at me. I’m not the archaeology major, just an underqualified tagalong. Talk to the professor or Adam about that stuff,” said Ben.
Liz sat down in the sand and pulled a pair of vials from her pack, scooping up a small quantity of the sand, and then took some scrapings from the wall.
“What are you doing?” Ben asked.
“Taking samples. This may help both of our causes in the long run. We’re looking for trace levels of radiation from an extremely rare mineral which is closely tied to these relics, Olympicite. Slater can analyze and date a lot of the material around here, which could help you determine when this place was built, tell us what it was made from. My official role is to determine out how it was all made, and how we can replicate the process,” she explained. 
Ben appreciated that she had broken it down into layman’s terms for him. She seemed nice, and he could see why Adam was interested.
“Really? And what purpose would that serve?” he asked, now genuinely interested.
“If we could replicate the process used to create these relics we could potentially develop indestructible materials, or near enough, ourselves. We know the process involved some incredible energy source, so if we can find that too we might be able to end the energy crisis before it overtakes us,” Liz continued.
Ben nodded, surprised he was actually able to follow her.
“Hmm, maybe I had you Hart people judged wrong. Maybe Adam is right about giving you guys a chance,” he said, flipping another glow stick in the air.
“What’s that?” Liz asked
This was what he had been waiting for; after years of trial and error, not to mention protest, he could at last put his wingman skills to work for Adam. He would try and get as much information out of her subtly as he could, and help his boy out.
“Oh yeah, Adam’s been saying you guys are great, not so bad after all. I mean, Han is awesome, you’re pretty cool, and even if that Slater guy is a bit of an ass, you more than make up for it,” he said.
“What do you mean by not so bad?” Liz asked, giving him a funny look. 
Perhaps people were right about him. That, or they just could not deal with how real he was. Either way, he had clearly put his foot in his mouth this time, so he tried to cover his tracks.
“What I mean is, like, you guys work for arguably the biggest corporation, not to mention military industrial contractor, in the world, and yet you’re not all out justifying war and... look, ignore what I was saying; I’m talking out of my ass. Adam thinks you’re cool, so you’re cool by me, and that’s cool,” Ben finished, confident he had recovered well.
After a moment of silence, Liz smiled and shook her head.
“You’re a strange guy Ben, nothing like your sister,” said Liz.
“You say that like it’s a bad thing,” he laughed.
There was a thud behind them; Alice had landed.
“Speak of the devil, and she shall appear. What’s up sis, here to join the party?” Ben asked jovially, but Alice had a look of worry about her.
“Has Adam reappeared yet? We lost radio contact with him over two hours ago,” she said.
Ben and Liz looked at each other. Alice explained that last they had heard from Adam was a garbled transmission a couple of hours back saying something about a wall, a transmission the two of them should have received as well. Ben had not, and neither had Liz.
“He went down the left path, and we all left trails of glow sticks behind us. If we follow the green ones it should lead us right to him,” she said.
With Liz leading the way, the three followed Adam’s path for about half an hour before coming to a dead end. The wall was blank. Ben back tracked with Alice to see if there had been any side paths they had missed that Adam could have gone down. When they turned up nothing, they started to get very concerned.
“He can’t have just vanished into thin air...” Alice said, feeling around the walls and even looking on the ceiling.
“Yeah, if he could do that he’d let me in on the secret, think of the awkward situations I could avoid,” Ben joked, but Alice did not see the comedic element and smacked him on the upside of the head.
“This is serious, you ass; he could be lost, or hurt,” she said.
Liz looked down at the ground and saw something, a faintly glowing patch on the floor. She bent down for a closer look and brushed away the sand to reveal a crushed glow stick leaking its incandescent fluid into the sand. She went to pick it up, and noticing something else beside it, shined her flashlight. It was half of a crushed flashlight, jammed beneath the bottom of the blank wall in front of them.
“Oh no... Oh no...” she muttered.
“What is it?” Alice asked
Ben felt a knot form in his stomach.
“I think Adam might have triggered a trap mechanism... I’ve only ever seen two like this before. One is a moving false wall... and the other...” Liz trailed off.
“What? What is the other?” Alice asked, he voice shaking. 
Liz took a deep breath.
“A descending roof mechanism.”
*
The first thing they tried was to contact Adam on the radio, but only received static. That was not a good sign, knowing Adam he would not have moved if he was trapped; impulsive as he could be, they knew he was smarter than that. Ben ran back to the main chamber of the temple to tell the others what was happening, nearly knocking down Slater who was working in a corner where he landed, and a calm Mathis surprisingly assured him that he knew for a fact Adam was still alive.
“How could you possibly know that?” Ben asked, incredulous.
“Simple, he’s still moving. Each of these headsets has a tracking device on them, and Mr Thorne’s has not stopped moving,” Mathis replied.
“You will forgive me if I don’t find your confidence entirely assuring, Mr Mathis,” said H-B. 
Mathis held up the GPS tracker they had used to find the plane on the flats.
“See for yourself.”
Mathis placed the tracker on the altar and switched it to channel seven, which was apparently Adam’s channel, and the display showed an image of a communications tower. The tracker started beeping slowly.
“We can’t get a good enough signal in here to track his actual position, so I switched it to stationary mode; it acts kind of like motion tracker. If anything it is tuned to tracker moves, it emits a steady beep,” Mathis explained.
“That’s all well and good, but it does nothing in the way of getting Adam out of there!” Ben said, getting flustered.
“Cool your jets hombre, we had contingency plan for just such a thing. Figured the sucker would get himself lost somehow,” said Slater.
During Ben’s explanation of the situation, he had not stopped working in his corner.
“And what would that be?” Ben asked, fighting the urge to knock the geologist to the floor.
Slater got up. He was chewing tobacco as he spoke, the smell making Ben feel slightly nauseous.
“You know that big-ass drill truck we have sitting outside of the canyon? The Boar? There’s a reason we borrowed it from your French buddy. Hart figured that this place might’ve been rigged with a trap like that, so if it came to it we could always drill through the mountain and get your fearless leader out,” he said, spitting on the floor near the painting.
“Well why aren’t you going to get it, you lanky John Wayne wannabe?” Ben asked through gritted teeth.
Mathis got between the two, to prevent the situation getting out of hand. Slater backed off first, and when he moved to leave the cave, Mathis stopped him.
“Hang on, let’s not rush into this. Yes, that is why brought along the Boar. However, it is to be used as a last resort only. Mr Hart does not want to jeopardize the recovery of the artefact, which is paramount. Not to mention that the destruction of a historical site would create a PR disaster. I will call Mr Hart and inform him of the situation. Then we shall see what immediate actions he wants us to take,” he said, and walked out of the cave.
Ben turned to H-B and asked if he had ever encountered anything like this in his days of fieldwork, and the old Professor replied that he would have to see it for himself before he was sure. Ben quickly rigged the swinging rope so he could get H-B inside. Whilst they had been searching the mazes, Alice had used the Piton gun to place a couple of extra anchors in the roof, and set up a safer system of entry to the hidden passageway. When pair touched down in the tunnel they followed Adam’s glow stick trail back to the dead end wall, where Liz and Alice were still trying to figure out a way through. Ben had brought with him some of the unused sticky lights from the main chamber.
“Hmm... yes... Very interesting indeed,” H-B muttered as he inspected the wall. 
He brushed away the sand beside the crushed remains of Adam’s torch. It was flattened, and when he tried to pull it out, it would not budge. Satisfied, he stood up and faced the others. 
“Ah, yes. I think I have seen this before, a trick wall,” said H-B.
“Trick wall?” said Alice.
H-B drew a picture in the sand with his finger, a cut-away representation of the passage that they were in.
“Now, if my theory is correct, this should function in the same way, or at least a similar way, as a trap I once encountered in the Yucatan; part of the Mayan temple to Kukalcan in old Tulum. How it works is as follows: there are two false walls, one of them hidden above or below the passageway, the other in plain sight acting as a dead end further down. When something triggers the trap’s mechanism, the hidden wall slides into place and the initial dead end slides away, opening a new path,”
H-B drew a couple of extra lines in the picture with his finger to indicate this.
“Now, the idea of the trap is to instil a panic upon its victim, not to kill them, as such. The new wall blocks them in, creating a point of no return. What it implies is that the victim is still free to seek out whatever treasure lies within, but with the implication that in doing so they doom themselves to starvation, dehydration, or in the worst scenarios, suffocation. Of course, the architects of these traps usually only counted on one person trying to get in at a time, alone, and therein lays their weakness. They would not seal off something precious to their culture entirely. We just need to find whatever mechanism resets the trap,” H-B said.
“That was quite a mouthful, Professor,” said Liz, impressed.
H-B started feeling around the false wall.
“There is a slight problem though. This seems to be the reverse configuration to the trap that I encountered in the Wind temple; the near false wall has descended from the roof, not risen from the floor. I don’t know whether it can be opened from this side,” he said, his face falling into a puzzled grimace.
Liz stared at the wall for a moment, and appeared to have a stroke of inspiration.
“What was the wall you encountered made of?” she asked.
The professor scratched his head.
“Hardened granite, if I remember correctly. One solid slab, about eight inches thick and twelve feet high. Weighed the better part of a ton,”
Ben had the same flashlight as Adam; it was an industrial Mag light about fourteen inches long. Only about four inches of its crushed length were visible from their side.
“Let’s hope this wall isn’t any thicker then. Ben, I need you to run back to camp and tell Han to find the rest of my plastic explosives,” said Liz, taking out a notebook and doing some quick calculations.
“What for?” Ben asked.
“If we can find a structural weak point I might be able to blast this wall in half,” she said.
With all the prompting he needed, Ben ran back through the passageway to the main cave. As Alice began tapping the wall for a weak spot, Liz continued to write equation after equation, looking between the wall and her notepad. H-B stood back and considered the scene. 
“You know, many believe that these traps are meant to be beaten, not broken. They would consider what we are doing to be cheating,” the professor mused.
 “I think more along the lines of being a better mouse than their mousetrap. Look, I know this isn’t a game. We don’t know how much air he has in there, or water, and we’re not supposed to use the Boar’s drill without the go ahead from Hart. We’re doing this my way unless you can find another way in,” said Liz.
*
Ben returned with a lead lined briefcase filled with off-white putty, which Han told him was altogether enough to blow a hole the size of a dump truck in the ground. Though Liz had said she wanted all of her explosives, Ben was not sure if she was serious about that or not. However, in Adam’s absence she was technically in charge, so he obeyed the order to the word. Slater caught him as he was preparing to swing himself back into the maze.
“Hold your horses there, just what do you think you’re doin’?” he asked.
“Taking in the explosives to try and blow the wall open,” Ben replied, holding up the case.
Slater stared at him as if he had just said something incredibly stupid.
“You’re not serious, are ya?” he asked.
“Why, got a problem with it?” Ben retorted. 
They did not have time for this. Slater picked up a page he had printed off from his data upload the previous night.
“See this? This is a mineral analysis of samples we took yesterday. It’s diluted Olympicite powder. I don’t know how they did it, but the numbers don’t lie. From what I’ve heard said over the radio, the whole damn cavern is lined with the stuff. You remember what I said about Olympicite before?”
Ben rolled his eyes.
“Yeah, it’s indestructible. The false wall we’re trying to take out though is granite though,” said Ben.
“Well I guess I forgot to mention that Olympicite is also a high output anti-conductor. It reflects and amplifies raw energy. Hell, might as well show you,” said Slater.
Slater pulled out a vial of black powder and placed it on the ground. Then he placed a lit match in with it, the burning tip facing out.
“What are you-” Ben started, but Slater put a hand over his mouth.
“Shut up and watch, slick,”
As soon as the flame hit the black powder, the match and the vial flew in opposite directions, the vial shattering against a wall.
“And that’s just an itty bitty match with diluted dust. You’re about to walk in there with twenty pounds of plastic explosive to use in a space lined with it!” Slater said loudly, spitting tobacco juice on Ben as he did so.
“We’re not using it on your precious super mineral though; we’re blasting a granite wall.” Ben said, wiping the brown splatter off his face.
“You sure about that? I’m goin’ in to take a look myself. No sense in letting my lady friend get blown up over some moron she just met with no sense of direction,” Slater remarked.
And with that, Slater climbed the rope system into the passageway with Ben in hot pursuit.
*
Mathis, Liz, H-B and Alice were all chipping away at the granite wall, marking several points where Liz was going to place the explosives. Hart had given Mathis the go-ahead to try and progress into the cave by any means necessary, with the exception of the Boar. There was too much risk of a cave in to warrant it yet. Slater and Ben soon came up to them.
“Roscoe, what are you doing in here?” Liz asked, not expecting him.
“Nice to see you too darlin’. I’m here to make sure you don’t blow yourself up,” he said.
“Thanks, but I think I know how to handle explosives better than you do,” said Liz.
Slater grabbed a mallet and swung hard at the false wall, causing it to crack and some of it fall away to reveal a black area. He kept whacking at it, revealing more and more of the black shining stone.
“You may know a little about explosives, but I know minerals. This thing is just a facade, underneath here, like most of the rest of the damn cavern, is Olympicite. You try and blow this thing and you’ll send us all to kingdom come,” Slater asserted.
Alice put her hand to the wall. This could not be it, Adam could not be lost to them now. She was not going to give up that easily, none of them were.
“We have to find some way to get in there. How far from the wall is he, Mr Mathis?” Alice asked.
Mathis consulted the GPS tracker, which was still beeping steadily at a low pitch.
“At least two hundred yards away, couldn’t say whether that was in front, behind, or below us in this mode... hold on, he’s stopped moving,” said Mathis.
The silence in the maze was deafening for a moment, before the beeping began again. The group let out a collective sigh of relief, but the time for idleness had passed.
“We’re doing this now. Liz, set up the charge,” Alice asserted.
“Did you not just listen to what I was sayin’?” Slater said impertinently
Liz ignored him, and mashed half of her plastic explosive mixture into the large indent that Slater had just conveniently created. She then stuck in two primers, binding them with wire. Two LEDs started flashing.
“You’re not going to want to be here when this stuff goes off, I just jammed ten pounds of undiluted C4 into there,” she said.
The others did not need to be told twice, and they high-tailed it out of there with Slater in the lead. Liz had set it up with a remote detonator instead of a timed one, so she just calmly made her way out. When she was safely back in the altar room with the others, she held her breath and hit the trigger.
The sound of the explosion was deafening, a blast of sand, smoke, and debris spewed forth from the hole in the wall through which they had just exited, and then there was silence.
CHAPTER TWENTY TWO: THE GIFT OF PROMETHEUS



Adam heard a dull thud somewhere behind him, but paid it little heed; it was probably just his mind playing tricks on him in the dark, his own heartbeat or something, so he returned his attention to the words before him. He had no idea how he was able to read the Elysian language, and wondered if he was beginning to hallucinate from his bottled up panic. He knew that he could not let fear and doubt get the better of him while he was stuck in this trap, so he walked cautiously forward into the strange chamber ahead. 
The walls of the chamber were perfectly round, with a dozen unlit torches embedded in them, and there was a round depression in the middle of the space, with seven pillars surrounding it. At the center of this crucible stood a white stone statue of a man dressed very strangely, in garb that looked eerily similar to the traditional grim reaper robes, only they were segmented and close fitting, with a hood covering the head. After igniting the torches around the room so he could see properly, Adam extinguished his own makeshift flame torch and placed it in and empty recess next to the door.
The statue held in one arm a tablet, posed not unlike the one held by the Statue of Liberty, with the other arm raised and bearing a bronze gauntlet featuring the Key symbol. Adam leaned in closer to look at the statue’s face. It was almost certainly male, posed stoic, not giving any hint of emotion, yet it looked like it could spring to life in an instant. Whatever its origin, it was definitely not Native American. In fact, it looked almost Greco-Roman, albeit in far better condition than anything of that nature he had ever seen. A mystery indeed. 
He started taking photographs of everything in the chamber, and just as he was about to get an image of what was inscribed on the tablet held by the statue, the batteries in the camera died.
“Oh you have got to be kidding me… long-lasting energy my ass,” he muttered.
He checked his rucksack to see if he had any spare batteries at all, to no avail. Fortunately, he had thought ahead just in case such a thing would happen, and pulled out a piece of charcoal and some rubbing paper. If he could not get a photograph of it, he would get the next best thing. No way was he going to come out of this ordeal empty handed.
As he started on the rubbing, he began to wonder if the others were okay. No doubt they would have noticed his absence by now, as he had been out of radio contact and had not met up with them at the agreed time. A worrying thought occurred to him, something that had not crossed his mind until that moment; what if Ben or Liz had fallen prey to a similar trap? The voice in his head told him that this was unlikely, but the thought remained at the back of his mind, like an itch that could not be scratched.
Once he was satisfied with the rubbing, he carefully folded it so it would not smudge, and placed it in a plastic sleeve. The hard work out of the way, it was time to take a closer look at the tablet. It was written in the Elysian language, which was no longer making sense to him. Perhaps it was just his mind playing tricks on him, he thought, but for lack of any better ideas he concentrated, absent mindedly gripping the amulet around his neck tightly. It felt warm in his hand, and his head began to ache once more. He closed his eyes for a moment, and when he opened them again the language started to make sense.
“There is no way anyone will ever believe this...” he thought aloud.
The scripture on the tablet was like something out of a storybook.
The Tragedy of Prometheus: Guardian of the Flame
“The race of man is in need,” said Prometheus. 
“They cannot survive on their own, we must guide them or they will succumb to darkness, fall as we fell,”
“Hush, Prometheus, you know you must not interfere. Mankind must choose their own path, it is not our place to direct them,” said Helios, master of the flame.
“I would not be directing them, merely leaving a tool with which they might carve their destiny. Were they still among our number, the seven would agree,” said Prometheus.
“You speak of the Seven as though they were anything more than warmongers themselves. You are a fool, Prometheus. Man is vain and envious, and with this power they would only rise up and destroy us, before destroying themselves. That we allow them to live at all is an undue kindness,” said Fenrir, the storm bringer. 
The Great One called for silence.
“When man is ready, they will find what has been left for them, our legacy. These gifts come with too great a burden for us to press them now. The power to create and the power to destroy are two sides of the same coin, as light and dark are bound forever in chaotic union. I have hope for mankind, that they will do what is right, but such a thing must be learned through the ages,” the Great One warned. 
Prometheus bowed to his leader, the creator of the gifts.
“I will bear that burden, my master, if my judgment is wrong,” said Prometheus
“Your will is your own, as the will of man is their own. Take your leave, Prometheus, and pray that you and yours are beyond the reach of corruption,” said the Great One.
Thus did Prometheus leave the Order to help guide man, and carried with a great burden him. The power to raise flame was given to man, with a warning to guard it from those who would seek to use it to inflict suffering. Flames held the darkness at bay, but the fall of night is inevitable. Th-
There was a part missing, the white stone had been chipped away crudely, but the last line remained intact.
They must never come together.
To say that he was blown away by the strange story was an understatement. He knew the name Prometheus well, but for it to be used here was just wrong. Surely the tablet was not referring to the Greek titan Prometheus, that legend was from around the other side of the planet, somewhere the Fexuit could not possibly have known about. Sure, myths from opposite corners of the globe often had coincidental similarities, but to actually name Prometheus, not to mention the reference to the Norse Fenrir, and this strange version of his myth. It made no sense. And who or what was the Great One mentioned? Or the Seven?
Adam figured he would have time to ponder all of that after he had found a way out. He returned his attention to the statue, specifically the bronze gauntlet on its outstretched wrist. Was this perhaps and Elysian gift? If so, it did not really look like much. It was fantastically crafted, but beyond that it did not seem any more impressive than the artefacts Hart had sent him earlier. He wondered whether the other artefacts had been found in similar circumstance, and made a mental note to check on that when he got home.
Adam noticed that the brace was slightly askew, so he reached out to touch it. The moment he did, his head began to spin once more; the room started to fade into darkness, and he fell to the ground.
*
The Gift is safe, his foes defeated for now. His wounds are deep, but if he can escape through the second maze he may have just enough time to find a healer before it is too late. The walls were becoming blurry, but he can still remember the guidance that the elders had given him; the eagle is born from the pale twin. He places the gift on the wrist of the Holder; though it would aid in his escape, he cannot risk it falling into the hands of his foes. He slowly makes his way toward the far wall opposite the archway, the wounds in his chest burning and bleeding. He pushes a stone, opening a hidden door barely large enough to crawl through, and enters. The world is becoming darker, fading, but he must go on...
*
Adam regained his conscious state of mind. He was still standing, his hand still on the gauntlet, but he was in a cold sweat. These visions... they didn’t make sense. Could he really be seeing the past? Adam was starting to worry he might be losing it from the fear, that everything was a hallucination.
“Come on Adam, you’re not losing your mind. This is all very improbable, and very weird, but there has to be a reasonable explanation. Keep it together,” he muttered, trying to reassure himself, but not doing well at it. 
He removed the bronze gauntlet from the statue, taking great care as he did so. Funny thing, he thought, it looked like it would fit his wrist almost perfectly... No, not now, another time. He placed it in his rucksack and turned his attention to the wall opposite the archway. To him it looked like a perfectly normal wall, not hiding anything. Then again, the sliding walls that had landed him trapped in this predicament had seemed perfectly innocent too.
He walked over to the wall and felt for the loose stone the figure had pressed in his vision. It was time to get out, he thought. He found it, and pushed hard. The small doorway opened up and he looked down into the crawlspace. He would have to crawl on hands and knees for this one, a prospect he was not particularly looking forward to. He wished he still had his battery-powered torch, or at least the camera. There was no way he could take his improvised flame torch inside the tiny space. He dismantled it and cracked a few glow sticks, tying a pair around his neck and strapping one to each of his wrists. It would not provide a lot of light, but hopefully there would be enough for him to navigate the darkness without too much issue. It was better than being totally blind, at least.
The Eagle is born from the pale twin. He had no idea what that meant, and really wished he had someone like H-B on hand to explain the silly riddle, but circumstance dictated that he would just have to keep it in mind and try to figure it out himself. He took a deep breath and entered the tiny space, and the stone door slid shut behind him with a quiet thud.
“Not fair... Not fucking fair!” he cried out, trying with all his might to push it open again. It looked like he was on a one way trip.
*
“Oh that’s not fair, that is so not fair,” said Alice, inspecting the aftermath of her attempt to blast the door open.
From the incredible racket that the explosion had produced, they assumed that Slater had been wrong and the false wall must have been blown into oblivion. Sure enough, the granite facade was no longer in existence, and the walls fifty yards back had been blown bare black from the incredible blast wave, but the inner part of the wall was completely undamaged. If anything, it looked stronger than it had been.
“What did I tell ya? You can’t blow up Olympicite; it’s indestructible,” Slater gloated.
“Well what do you suggest we do then, rocks for brains?” Alice spat. 
She looked like she was ready to tear Slater a new everything.
“Well, that’s where our contingency plan comes in, we use the Boar now. There’d no doubt be some kinda weak point in the cave system, just a matter of finding it, drillin’ through and gettin’ your lost boy out without crushin’ him,” said Slater.
“And how long would that realistically take?” Liz asked.
Slater looked around.
“Placement of this maze in relation to the rest of the cavern, fact it stretches about half a mile in... maybe a day or two. Plus another day or so to navigate the Boar into the cave, ‘cause I think the most likely place for a weak point would be from in here. How the hell else could they have built this place unless there were faults and weak points?”
It was news that no one wanted to hear, but there was little other choice.
“Hang on one moment, are you suggesting drilling through the painting?” H-B asked.
Slater spat out some tobacco juice and nodded.
“Even the Last Supper’s gonna fall apart eventually Professor, I’m a realist. Either we drill through the painting, the fastest possible route, or we hope your boy somehow finds an exit on his own. Assuming he ain’t dead already,” said Slater, far to cool about the situation for anyone’s liking.
Alice was about to throw a loose stone at the geologist, but Ben restrained her, assuring her that he would deal with it his own way later.
“Well, what are you standing around here for, huh? Get the damn Boar!” Alice shouted.
Slater walked out of the cave with Mathis. Alice leaned against the wall of the passageway. Her best friend was trapped, alone, probably freaking out more than she was, and there was nothing she could do for him. It was hell.
“This is some bullshit right here,” she murmured.
Liz stood next to her and put a hand on her shoulder.
“We’ll get him out. Even if he is a total asshole, Slater knows what he’s doing. I know we’ll get him out...”
*
It was a lot darker in the tiny maze than Adam had anticipated, and he was really missing his torch. The glow sticks provided so little light they were practically useless. If he ever went on another expedition, he thought, he was definitely going to bring at least two torches with him. The claustrophobic surrounds were starting to get to him, and he was really feeling the heat. He did not know whether it was a good or bad thing. Good if it meant he was close to the surface of the canyon where the heat would be pretty intense around mid-afternoon, bad if it meant he was running out of oxygen. He suddenly wished he had paid more attention in science classes during high school.
“So this is how John McClane felt…” he mused, delirious.
It felt as though he was crawling around in circles, and there was no way to tell where he had already been. He was not going to risk leaving a trail of glow sticks behind him; as his sole light source he could not spare a single one. If he could only figure out what that cryptic riddle about the eagle being born from the pale twin meant, he might be able to figure a way out. The man in his visions seemed to have some good idea of where he was supposed to go.
“How did you get out…?”
Adam’s hand brushed something that was definitely not part of the floor, something leathery and rough. He pulled the glow sticks hanging from his neck together to try and get a look at this new obstacle, and immediately wished he had not. It seemed that the man in his visions had not managed to escape; all that was left of him was dried skin, bones, and tattered clothing.
“Oh God...” Adam whispered, trying not to dry heave.
His hope was beginning to fade, if someone who knew how to get out of this place had failed, what hope did he have? There was no real clue apart from some cryptic riddle as to how he was supposed to get out, and what he had seen in his visions had been his only real guide. He did not want to die alone in a maze, holding a treasure whose nature he had barely an inkling of…
The gauntlet. The man in his vision did not have the gauntlet when he had attempted his escape, and Adam remembered that man’s last thought of it; perhaps it acted as a key or a guide. It seemed crazy, but after what he had experienced so far he was willing to take another chance. He reached for his rucksack and dug through it to find the Gauntlet was not there, but there was a large hole in the bottom of his bag where the stitching had come away.
“This isn’t funny, this is so not funny,”
He was going to have to backtrack to try and relocate it. He hoped beyond hope that it had not fallen out before he had entered the cramped maze; if it had, he really had no chance, and everything he had gone through so far would have been for nothing.
He began to crawl backwards, and in doing so bumped his head on the low ceiling repeatedly. He thought to himself that if Ben were with him, he’d laugh at that. A comforting thought. He had to get through this to get back to them, and to the others. Just to see them all one more time, to be party to Ben’s crazy antics, to laugh himself stupid with Alice and Teagues, to experience H-B’s uncanny ability to make everything seem more British, and to finally get to know Liz... he had only just met her, but she had not left his thoughts since that moment.
The heat inside the cramped maze was really getting to him, making his whole body ache. The adrenaline rush from before had largely subsided, and he was feeling incredibly tired. He figured that maybe a power nap would be smart, in order to clear his head, just a short ten minute one. Between the claustrophobic setting, his injuries from the last couple of days, and the intense heat, it was hard not to give in to the temptation there. Adam set his watch to count down fifteen minutes. He did not want to be out any longer than he had to be, knowing how limited his water supply was, not knowing about the air. Satisfied that he was far enough away from the human remains he had happened upon, Adam drifted into unconsciousness.
CHAPTER TWENTY THREE: CAN YOU DIG IT?



Slater was taking forever to return to the temple with the Boar, but understandably so. The path he had found into the canyon was difficult for something so large to navigate, and already the heavy vehicle had gotten at least one wheel bogged down in the salty muck on the outskirts several times. Were it not for the powerful winch and some sturdy mesas, the vehicle would never have made it. It had been eight hours since their attempt to blow the false wall apart, and night had fallen. Mathis had spoken to Hart, who had insisted that they do whatever was necessary to recover both Adam and the artefact. Hart had even promised he would handle any environmentalists or conservationists that would cause trouble in future. Mathis had delivered the news with a bewildered look on his face, he had clearly not expected Hart to give such a damn about someone working for him. After the situation was fully explained to them, H-B took Ben and Alice aside to speak.
“Alice, Benjamin, I need the pair of you to take in as much visual record of this place as you possibly can. Video, photography, three dimensional scanning. Everything you can. This place will soon be destroyed. Adam’s safety is the most important thing here, but I think he would agree with me that to lose such a rare site entirely would be a tragedy,” he said, sadly. 
If they photographed every square inch of the place, they knew that Dawson could artificially reconstruct it using a computer back at Locke. It was better than nothing, and a situation they were equipped for, but it was still an unfortunate outcome. Alice picked up a video camera.
“You’re right Professor. This is his first real find, we have to be able to preserve it for him in some way,” she said, somewhat detached, and headed to the gigantic mural.
“Is she alright?” Liz asked Ben.
Ben watched his sister as she worked for a moment, then picked up a camera of his own. He knew that what he was going to say next might complicate things for Adam, but it would have to come out sooner or later.
“She and Adam have always been real close, I mean, how many exes become best friends after the fact? It’s like the ultimate friend zone situation, but it works for them. She’s just worried. She’ll never admit it though; way too much pride,” he explained. 
After all of these years, he still wondered if there might still be something more between Adam and his sister, but knew better than to ask. He did not know why they broke up, but their ongoing close relationship showed it was forgivable. Both seemed to have moved on from what once was, at least. Ben started to take some snaps of the altar and Liz, the only one qualified so far to set up the three dimensional scanners, joined him.
“So what do you think of him?” Ben asked. 
Liz wiped some hair off her face, and seemed to get lost in thought before she answered.
“He’s a nice guy. I just... I don’t know. He’s a better man than any I’ve dealt with, at least. Seems to follow his heart, which is a nice change,” she said, and Ben was pretty sure he caught a smile. 
He mentally congratulated himself for his amazing wingman skills.
*
After about three hours of work, the small team had scanned every inch of the main chamber for visual data, and another two hours later they had managed to get just about everything they needed from the two false paths hidden behind the mural and what they could from the semi-destroyed route Adam had taken. When they sent the data package to Han, he assured them that the lab technicians at either Hart HQ in New York or Teagues’ people at Richelieu could reconstruct it digitally.
“Well, that’s good news,” said H-B, half-heartedly. 
The professor was a historian of the classic schooling, believing in both the celebration and preservation of antiquities, so this destructive effort was difficult for him to be a part of. They heard the mighty roar of the Boar’s supercharged 3126E Caterpillar engine at the mouth of the cave. Slater had just arrived, and swaggered into the chamber.
“Alright y’all, this is how it’s gonna go down. This big son of a bitch is gonna just squeeze through this here tunnel, but it looks like I’m gonna have to go right over that there table to get to the wall,” he said, indicating the altar.
“It’s an altar, you dolt,” H-B said angrily. 
The professor absolutely hated when people got simple terminology wrong. Worse still when it was someone claiming to hold higher education.
“Right, altar, whatever. Anyway I’m gonna roll this baby over that and start drillin’. My goin’ theory there is a soft point in one of the paths that we can use to get through to your lost boy. Now, that presents us with a whole new problem; I could be drillin’ through a supporting wall, so y’all better be ready to run like hell if something goes wrong. Probably won’t, but it don’t hurt to think ahead,” said Slater.
Mathis walked up to Slater.
“You should ensure that such a thing does not happen. We have a lot riding on this project as you know, and we don’t want to lose any more resources here, human or otherwise,” he warned.
Slater nodded. It seemed that Mathis was able to keep the boorish Texan in line without a fight. Slater climbed into the driver’s seat of the Boar and started the drill up. It was an impressive technological feat, they would have to congratulate Teagues when next they saw him. The drill itself was similar to those used in tunnel building and mining, modified for high-speed penetration and insertion, consisting of a giant serrated cone with tracks running from the tip all the way to the base for pulling rocks back into a dozen grinding maws, and it looked mean. They all stood back as Slater began to drive it into the cavern. H-B winced as the giant machine obliterated the altar and began to bore into the mural. No one was expecting it to move so quickly and effectively, but considering it was a machine initially designed to quickly insert troops into cave systems through improvised entrances, it was living up to its description quite well.
It was making slow progress through the painting, but it was making its way through. Slater had earlier determined that the Olympicite had been diluted enough in the walls to be able to drill through, but it would take quite some time.
“Dr Pace, a word please?” Mathis said, indicating for her to come over to him.
“What is it Mr Mathis?” she said.
“You ran a laboratory for Hart Industries prior to your appointment on this project, correct?” Mathis asked.
“Yes, and I was moved onto this field team at Mr Hart’s personal request. Look, this doesn’t really seem the place-” Liz began, but was cut off.
“After this expedition comes to a close you will be needed for a few weeks in the lab, apparently there is some issue there that you alone can resolve. You will be briefed on it by Clovis upon your return, and Mr Hart has asked that during this time your direct involvement on this project be reduced. Leadership duties in the field will be passed on to Dr Slater, should anything new arise within that period,” said Mathis.
Liz was dumbfounded.
“Him? What the hell?” she asked, barely audible over the deafening grind of the Boar.
“You will be debriefed once we have returned to New York. I think you have handled the project quite well, all things considered, but there is room for improvement. I apologize for the timing, but this is coming directly from Mr Hart,” Mathis explained, and walked away. 
Liz could not believe it. She was far from the only one qualified to handle a situation at the lab, and even if something had to go back to formula, it was more important for her to stay in the field. Hart knew this, it was the reason she had been sent out in the first place. Unless, of course, this was something to do with her. Mathis was not high enough in the chain to know about that, and Hart would never allow something so sensitive to be discussed over the phone. Either way, someone in the hierarchy was set on leaving the arrogant half-wit Slater in charge of field operations instead of her. It was enough to cause an aneurism.
“This can’t be happening,” she muttered.
*
After several minutes of loud tunneling, a violent shudder suddenly rocked the cavern, and Slater stopped the Boar’s drill. There was a low rumble, and the ground beneath them shook.
“What in the blue fuck is goin’ on?” Slater shouted. 
The whole cavern was still shaking, but he could not have hit the weak point in the wall; there was no way the wall with the mural was supporting the entire structure, and he had not even bored through to the other side of it. Even if he had, it would not have triggered an earthquake. This had to be some outside force.
“Grab what you can and move out!” Mathis shouted over the horrendous noise.
Alice, H-B, and Ben started grabbing all of their equipment and made a dash for the exit, Liz having trouble dismantling one of her surveying tripods. Mathis, Alice and Ben had already run the length of the tunnel as fast as they could, so H-B went back to drag her out.
“Come along dear, today’s not the day we die,” he said.
The tunnel behind them started to crumble, and Slater saw this was going to be his only opportunity to bail out. He gunned the Boar in reverse, forcing H-B and Liz to dive out of the way, as the low ceiling of the tunnel starting to collapse and pelt the Boar’s roof with heavy stone. Just as he got into the main empty part of the outer cave, the whole tunnel collapsed upon itself. Slater jumped out and joined the others to inspect the damage. 
“Hoo-boy, that was a ride,” he said, wiping his brow.
The radio in the Boar crackled to life, so Slater jumped back in. It was Han.
“Hey guys, I’m picking up crazy seismic activity in your area, what’s happening out there?” he asked.
“Not a damn clue. I thought it mighta’ been me hittin’ the supportin’ wall of the cave, but that wouldn’t have caused a god damn earthquake,” Slater replied. 
He looked around and did a quick headcount.
“Hey, where’s Sir Crumpet? And my pretty little lady?” Slater asked the other three.
“We thought they were with you!” Mathis exclaimed.
“You mean they didn’t run out with the rest of ya?” Slater asked slowly, the realization dawning on him.
They all looked at the collapsed tunnel; it was completely sealed off.
“Well hell, I’ll just go on and drill ‘em right back out then!” Slater said, jumping back up into the driver’s seat of the Boar. The engine roared to life once more, and he tried to activate the drill... Nothing. The secondary motor for the drill would not even turn over.
“Oh you piece of shit!” Slater exclaimed, kicking the dashboard. 
He read the indicator, and it told him that there was no oil pressure, so he jumped out and looked underneath. Sure enough there was a thick trail of oil leading from the bottom of the drill engine to the pile of rubble that had moments earlier been a tunnel. Upon closer inspection, it seemed that a falling rock had punctured part of the secondary engine. He turned to where the others had been standing to explain, but there were no longer where they had been; he turned to find them at the collapsed tunnel, frantically removing the fallen rocks by hand.
“You know it’s gonna take a long fuckin’ time to do that by hand,” he said.
“Shut up and help, it’ll go quicker with more of us. Stupid bastard,” said Ben.
*
Liz coughed heavily; there was a lot of dust in the air left in the wake of the sudden earthquake. Two of their floodlights had been smashed in the cave-in, but they still had one functioning. Liz stood up and looked around for Professor Hadley-Baldwin; the two had made to follow the retreating Boar, but the tunnel started to collapse entirely, he had pulled her back into the relative safety of the main cave and had narrowly missed being crushed by an enormous falling rock.
“Professor Hadley-Baldwin, are you alright?” She called out.
She did not know what had happened to him, and could barely see through the dust. She saw a silhouette wave from across the other side of the chamber.
“I’m alright my dear, been through far worse. Are you hurt?” he called out.
“No, I’m fine… but it looks like we’re stuck in here,” she said.
H-B hobbled over to her using the tripod she had attempted to dismantle before as a support. He had a large wound across his upper thigh, and had made an improvised tourniquet with his belt to slow the bleed. Liz looked around for Mathis’ duffle bag. She was pretty sure she had not seen him run out with it, and knew it had a first aid kit in it.
“That looks pretty nasty. I’ll clean it up, give you some painkillers. It’s the least I can do after all of this,” she said, nodding to the injury.
“This? A flesh wound. Comes with the line of work, I suppose. What on earth happened? Was that an earthquake, or something that fool geologist did?” H-B asked.
Liz bit her lip. She had a theory, but even she was having trouble believing it. This was like nothing she had expected to encounter.
“Well, I can say with some confidence that it wasn’t a supporting wall collapsing, otherwise this part of the cavern would have crushed us into oblivion, and we’re in the wrong area for a significant earthquake. Have you ever heard of any trap mechanisms working like this?” she asked, hoping for some reasonable explanation.
H-B sat down next to the crumbled remains of the Altar. The air smelled strongly of stale dust and burning diesel fumes.
“No, never. Well not on this scale at least. And definitely not on this side of the world. In ancient Mesopotamian manuscripts I once found incomplete instructions for a tomb trap that triggered the soft earth beneath a structure to weaken, causing the building to collapse upon the slightest seismic event, but there are no existing examples of it ever being used. It seemed an overambitious architect’s pipe dream. The mechanics of it were mind boggling, and would be even more so for something like that to be built underneath a cave system,” said H-B.
“A cave system that seems to be made mostly out of an indestructible rock,” she added.
“Yes, that too,”
The dust began to settle down, and they could more fully see the extent of the damage the small quake had done. The tunnel was completely blocked off by debris, and the two of them would never be able to get through it by themselves, especially with H-B’s injury. It seemed that for the time being they would be stuck there until rescue came. The mural wall that Slater had attempted to drill through was still largely intact, aside from the ten foot grey hole in the middle. The lower light and the dust gave the sun, moon and eclipse an eerie effect, as if they were shimmering.
“I must ask, you wouldn’t happen to still have a radio of some manner with you, Dr Pace?” H-B asked. 
Liz shook her head.
“No, after we tried the explosives I put mine in Alice’s bag, I didn’t have any need for it then. Amazing how this kind of stuff comes back to bite you on the ass. And call me Liz, Dr Pace is too formal,” she said, sitting cross legged on the floor opposite him.
“Very well, Liz. I have no particular preference for titles myself, too many to choose from. I suppose we’re stuck here then,” said the professor, accidentally hitting his leg with the tripod and wincing.
“Oh shit, I’m sorry, I was looking for the first aid kit,” she apologized, standing up.
“Quite alright, quite alright. There’s no rush, it’s not bleeding too much.” H-B said, but it was apparent he was in pain.
She found Mathis’ duffle bag near one of the destroyed floodlights and pulled out the first aid kit. Because it was designed for military use, like many Hart products, it came with heavier duty contents than normal, including hospital-grade painkillers. Liz quickly began to clean and dress the wound.
“So what was so important about this tripod that you had to lag behind to retrieve it?” H-B asked her as she applied a bandage. 
He winced a little bit as she did so.
“I just wasn’t really thinking at the time, somewhere else entirely. Hell, if you hadn’t snapped me out of my train of thought I might still be doing it,” she admitted.
“Is that right? Tell me, what could be so important that it distracts you from an earthquake? Not to pry, just making conversation.” H-B said. 
Liz finished strapping the wound and sat down next to him.
“There you go. I don’t even know, I have a lot on my mind, it’s hard to talk about,” she trailed off.
“You know who’s a good listener? Adam. That boy picks up all kinds of things, a good problem solver. I’m sorry to have lost him as an assistant,” H-B said.
“Yeah...” Liz said, looking up at the hidden entrance that Adam had found in the painting.
CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR: DESPERATE TIMES



Adam jerked awake, and cracked his head on the low ceiling for the fiftieth time. The unexpected shaking of the cramped maze had knocked him unconscious again, and looking at his watch he guessed he had been out for at least another five hours. He had long run out of water, and was starting to worry that he might be concussed; when the rumbling started he had hit his head hard against a wall. The heat was getting intense as time passed, and he had to focus in order to avoid blacking out again, as he had done on and off for the better part of the day. Luckily he had managed to find the Gauntlet again after it had fallen out of his rucksack, moving it to a more secure pocket for the time being.
To his dismay he was down to his last two glow sticks, the others long dead and useless. Adam was annoyed at himself, he had cracked four to life just before he had blacked out and they had become all but useless when he had awoken. Even more annoying was the fact he was definitely going in circles; he had passed the remains of the Fexuit man at least four times now. Things seemed very bleak for him right at that moment, but he knew he could not give up.
He wished that the Key would show him something more, but it seemed that the Fexuit man’s story had ended in this maze. A thought occurred to him, a long shot, but more than he had going for him otherwise; what if the Gauntlet had something more to tell? His last vision had come when he first touched it, so maybe. He picked through his sack until he found it. Under the weak light of the glow sticks it shone brighter than it should have. Figuring he had nothing to lose, he placed it over his left wrist. He did not know what to expect next, but nothing happened.
“Come on, you have to do something, you have to...” he pleaded, his first words in hours. 
He had become so dehydrated that he could barely hear his own voice. If he did not get out soon, he had a feeling that this place would become his tomb. That prospect was not particularly appealing to him. He tried rubbing the cold leathery brace, but that did not seem to achieve anything. Nor did shouting at it, not that he could really shout by that point. He decided to give up on it for now, but left it on nonetheless.
“Some gift you’ve turned out to be,” he lamented.
The heat was becoming so intense now that he was finding it hard to concentrate, and every move he made took great effort than the last. Finally though, he seemed to have made some headway in the maze. He had not passed the bones again, nor had he felt any of his discarded glow sticks. He did not have a lot of light left in the ones he was using, but he hoped that maybe, just maybe, they would last long enough for something to happen. They did not.
Adam was ready to give in and accept his fate. Maybe it was his time, he was destined to die alone, in a cramped maze built by god only knows who, in the middle of the desert. That would be the case with his luck. All alone, in the incredible heat, the tiny light.... Adam looked to his left and saw a light. It was a long way off, and it was fairly dim, but it was definitely a light. He could not remember when he had last checked his cheap watch, and had no idea whether it was already the next morning or not, but he no longer cared; there was still some hope. He kissed the Gauntlet.
“I have no idea what you are or what you do, but right now I love you,” he said, hoarsely.
*
It had been several hours since the cave in, and H-B was now resting, breathing steadily. Liz had given him some more powerful painkillers to help with the pain of his injury, but not knowing anything about his medical history she had to keep an eye on him. Having little else to do herself, Liz decided she might as well keep working. As she crunched some numbers, all sorts of thoughts went through her head, two more than any others.
The first was what Mathis had said to her earlier about her impending removal from the field. It did not make any sense; she had been chosen specifically to do this job, she had left the lab work in R&D in more than capable hands, but she was still being dragged away. It was Hart’s call when it came down to it, but what had really come across as insulting was using Mathis to deliver the message.
Then, there was something that had been on her mind for days now. Adam Thorne. He was nice, tried to please people, and just a likeable guy in general. He was nothing like the person she had expected, something she was strangely okay with. The dossier she had been given on him was actually his grandfather’s, which had led to something of a faux pas at their first meeting, but there was something almost charming about his hope and inexperience. His attraction to her was obvious, and she was worried she might reciprocate those feelings. She knew she could not, it would be inappropriate, dangerous even, but still…
Liz put away her pad and took out her little pink booklet again and started writing. It was something she had started to do the day she turned sixteen, the day everything changed, and she found it to be a rare source of comfort, just writing down her own thoughts. Whenever she filled out a book, she would put it in a box hidden in the back of her closet and never look at it again. They were her thoughts, and hers alone. This one she had started a few months earlier, following the incident. That was a moment of weakness, where she had lost control, and she would not let that happen again.
“You have dug yourself a deep hole, Elizabeth,” she sighed.
There was a noise, like a very dull thud, echoing through the cavern. She hoped it was the others outside trying to rescue them, they had less than a gallon of water left in the chamber, and the temperature was starting to rise. She looked at her watch, and saw it was just after two in the morning. That could not be right, she thought. How could it be getting so hot inside all of a sudden?
*
Adam reached the source of the light; a bright yellow, nearly opaque, yard-wide circular window. He could almost see through it, and guessed he was either back at the main chamber of the cave, or at some hidden external exit. Considering how long he had been crawling around with twists and turns everywhere, both outcomes were equally likely, and he was not going to turn his nose up at either. However, there did not seem to be any way for him to pass through this window, and the heat seemed to be climbing higher still. He was now almost sure that the maze door had sealed it airtight, the heat was probably a result of the stale air gradually running out, hurried along by his own movements. The window was thick, he could not guess how thick, but more than he would be able to break through under his own power, as his throbbing foot had discovered after an attempt to kick it.
He started feeling very lightheaded, but at least now he was able to see. He sat parallel to the yellow window facing away from it; the sudden exposure to light after having so little was hurting his eyes, making his head ache. He caught something in the corner of his vision; more Elysian or Fexuit text. It was still making sense to him.
The pale twin watches over us in the darkness, the egg from which the swiftest are reborn as eagles.
More cryptic nonsense. Adam wondered what the deal was with ancient societies and their riddles. It was as if they were mocking him from beyond the grave. The pale twin? What exactly was that supposed to mean? Adam was not going to give up now, no matter how stupid the riddle was, not when he was this close to being free again. He ran through what it could mean in out loud.
“Alright Adam, think. The pale twin... a star? The eclipse door thing? How the hell would I get back there? No... Come on...”
He looked up, praying to whatever deity might be watching over him for an answer for an answer, and a thought suddenly occurred to him. On the painting in the Fexuit Temple chamber were three round images. One was an eclipse, which had led him to where he was. The other was of the sun, which had looked strangely glassy. There was a third image, the moon. The moon which was colored pale yellow. The pale twin...
Of course, it was obvious! He mapped it out in his mind. The maze had led him right back to the painting, and he was now sitting behind the image of the sun. There must have been some subtle incline he had not noticed before for him to get so high up. Now all he had to do was work his way back to the side with the moon and figure out how to get out from there.
“Oh yes; Thorne one, ancient maze trap nothing!” he exclaimed, punching the air and grazing his knuckle on the low ceiling.
“Motherfu-! Okay, Thorne one, ancient maze trap a penalty point,”
He rubbed his sore knuckle with his uninjured hand, and in the light noticed something on the Gauntlet. It looked like there was a recess about the size and shape of the Key. Instinct urged him to place the Key into the recess, but he was hesitant. He did not know what the Gauntlet was for, but he was familiar with Prometheus’ myth. Prometheus was a Greek Titan who stole fire from the Gods to help nurture man, only to end up punished by Zeus for the act by having his liver regrown and pecked out daily by an eagle. How there was a temple in the middle of the Mojave Desert dedicated to hiding an item linked to a character named Prometheus was a mystery to him, and he did not want to take any unnecessary risks in his weakened state. At least, not for now.
*
He backtracked to where was sure he had felt a sideways-leading path on his crawl towards the Sun window, and crawled through it, guided by the fading light of his remaining glow sticks. He must be delirious, he thought to himself, because he could have sworn that he just felt a part the rock path beneath him sink into the ground slightly. He kept crawling forward, and then felt the bit of path he just passed rise up again.
“Well that can’t be good,” he breathed. 
A horrible grinding noise began all around him, startling him and causing him to once again hit his head.
“Definitely not good,” he croaked.
Adam did not pause to find out what was going on, he just kept moving as fast as he could. He heard a dull thud behind him and looked back; a piece of the maze’s ceiling has just descended to the ground, blocking out the little light coming from the Sun window. He felt the one above him, unable to see with the meagre glow stick light, and felt it begin to slowly descend. It was now apparent to him that he had triggered some sort of trap mechanism, something he had not anticipated. The swiftest are reborn as eagles... It must have been a test; he had to make it through the moon window before he was crushed.
“I swear, if I die in here today I’m going to hunt down and kill the people who built this thing,” he said, incredulous.
The second descending stone missed him by inches. It seemed as though they were getting faster the further he went.  The path began to curve and wind, which was very disorienting, and soon he came to a four way crossroads. He was maybe three stones ahead of the nearest descending one, but he would have to make his choice fast. Forward, left or right. If the wrong path was chosen it could lead him to a dead end, meaning he would either be crushed or blocked in and suffocated. Two stones away now. He remembered what the Fexuit man had thought about needing the Gauntlet to get through, so he threw caution to the wind and held it as close to his face as he could, placing the Key in the small recess when he found it.
“This had better work... whoa!”
The red jewel in the Key shone brightly for a second, and the left path flared with light. The suddenness of it caught him off guard, but now he could see the walls of the tiny maze had recesses in them from which tiny flames had erupted. The association with Prometheus was starting to make sense, but he did not have time to dwell on it; the massive stone above him was starting its hurried descent. He yanked the Key out of the Gauntlet, and barely made it out of the way by combat-crawling on his belly, the stone scraping his rucksack.
The stones were descending faster still, but with the light to guide him he was making quick progress and soon saw a white light at the end of a tunnel. He scampered towards it on all fours and tried to push the obscured white window open... Nothing happened.
“No.... No!” he shouted.
He looked above him, it seemed that the stone right at the edge of the moon window was part of the trap test as well. He had hoped he would find a safe spot once he reached the window, but there were less and six inches of space between the window and the last stone. If he did not figure out how to open it fast he would be crushed anyway. Adam figured he had maybe half a minute left before the last stone came down upon him. He started bashing at the glass with the gauntlet on his wrist.
“Come on... Come on!” he cried, desperate. 
The shock and pain of it was making his whole arm feel like it was on fire. Soon, though, cracks began to appear in the glass. Adam kept on hitting it, the cracks breaking out into spider webs. The second to last stone finished descending, the last one was about to begin. Adam put his back to the wall and kicked with all of his might, shattering the glass, and rolled out.
*
The moon in the mural was there one moment, and replaced the next by the figure of Adam falling out of it. He landed badly on his left shoulder, and Liz rushed to his aid, the shock of his appearance overtaken by his injury.
“Are you alright? What on earth happened to you in there?” she asked. 
He must have looked like absolute hell, and he certainly felt like it.
“How long was I gone?” he whispered hoarsely, his eyes squeezed shut.
“About forty hours. You look like you’ve come out of a fight!”
“Should see... the other guy,” he said with a forced smile.
Liz hugged him tightly, which caused him to wince.
“I think... my shoulder... dislocated...” me said, indicating his left shoulder with his head.
His shoulder had popped out of his socket, and his left arm was rendered useless in that sates. Though Liz had brought the first aid kit with her and got out what was left of the morphine to give him, he waved it away.
“Later... water...”
Liz got her bottle from her satchel and held it up for him, and he drank like never before. Once he had rehydrated enough, Adam turned his attention back to his arm.
“This is a lot more painful than it looks... have you ever relocated a shoulder before?” he asked.
“No, I haven’t. It seems like the kind of thing we should get a professional to do,” she said, looking ill at the thought.
Adam gritted his teeth and took several deep breaths.
“Okay, here’s what you’re going to do. I need you to grab my arm, and when I say so twist left and push forward at the same time. Are you ready?” he asked
Liz looked around, as if trying to find some alternative to this.
“I don’t think-”
“Right now it feels like there are fire ants eating my arm, fire ants that are on fire. I need this, please,” he asked through gritted teeth.
Liz took his hand and closed her eyes.
“Three... two... one... now!”
Liz did as she was instructed, and there was a sickening crack.
“Oh my god I’m so sorry!” she said, her eyes still squeezed shut.
Adam put a hand on her shoulder.
“Hey, it’s okay. Its back in, feels a lot better. Thank you. Where is everyone else?”
CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE: RECOVERY



After checking up on H-B, who was still out of commission thanks to the painkillers, Liz explained to Adam what had happened while he was missing in action; their failed attempts at rescue, Hart’s blank check order allowing them to do whatever they had to do, and the quake that caused the collapse of the tunnel. As far as she knew, everyone else was safe, which came as a relief to him. He then related his own ordeal to her.
“It was... I can’t even begin to describe the inner chamber. I got a lot of photographs, but the camera died before I could get a snap of the tablet the statue was holding. Guess it was a good thing I had some rubbing paper. Gramps and H-B would be proud of that, old school archaeology, but yeah. Then I went through that insane maze for a long time, my watch crapped out so I don’t know how long, but I was in total darkness for a lot of it. A little while ago I set off that crazy trap mechanism, and then I broke through the moon window and dived out of the hole, then you came over and fixed my shoulder, then we started talking, and then I don’t know,” he finished. 
Adam was very careful about avoiding saying anything about his visions, or the ability to read the Elysian language. He would keep that to himself for the time being; no sense looking like he had gone insane. Even after experiencing it he was still having trouble believing it had really happened. There was an odd, static sound coming from Adam’s rucksack, and he pulled out his headset. It had not fared too well after his fall, now broken in two. Liz took it from his hands.
“Why didn’t you try and contact us?” she asked, concerned.
“I couldn’t. There was too much static, and I couldn’t pick up or send anything after I got cut off,” he said.
“The Olympicite! How could we have been so blind...” she said, slapping her forehead.
“What about it?” he asked.
“It’s a dense superconductor, and we’re next to a salt flat, so it’s like a giant battery. There would be some natural static build up in the ground there, and it would discharge with a thousand times the intensity from here. That would cause massive electronic interference, and could be why Charleston crashed his plane in the first place,” she explained.
Something that had been bugging Adam about Charleston’s story suddenly returned to mind; he claimed to have seen the inside of the temple and the strange markings, yet when they had reached it that part of the cavern had been completely sealed off. He shared the thought with Liz, to curious nodding.
“Hey yeah, I was wondering about that. I chalked up that maybe he might have seen something in another cave nearby at first, but this is the only Olympicite deposit we could detect. If there was any Olympicite in what came down when the tunnel collapsed, we could be here for a lot longer than he was,” she said, downcast.
Adam had a crazy thought. Perhaps it was the exhaustion, perhaps it was the concussion, and it could have easily been the large dose of painkillers Liz had given him after popping his shoulder back in place, but something in his got told him he was onto something.
“What if there’s a second entrance? Hidden somewhere in here, like a backdoor exit?” he said, looking around the cavern.
“I doubt it. But that’s just me being a sceptic. We only have so much water left in here, and god only knows how long it’s going to take for the others to dig us out. From the sound, or more the lack of, they’re not using the Boar,” said Liz.
Adam stood up with some difficulty, his body still aching from the ordeal of the last forty hours, and walked towards the powdered remains of the altar.  He swept some of the white rubble away with his feet, and saw there was still a circular chunk of it embedded in the floor, maybe three feet in diameter.
“Now why would they build this into the floor?” he said to Liz, and she followed his lead.
Together, they lifted the surprisingly light stone out of its place to reveal a three foot wide manhole, and when Liz shined her torch down to the bottom they could see an empty water bottle and some discarded food wrappers. This had to be where Charleston had taken refuge.
“Finally, something’s going right. Alright, let’s wake up the Professor, we’re getting the hell out of here,” said Adam.
H-B was still fairly groggy, but was positively delighted when he saw Adam’s face.
“You’re alive boy. Well done,” H-B muttered.
“Sure am, old man, how are you pulling up?” Adam said.
“Spot of Earl Grey wouldn’t go astray,” he replied in jest.
They grabbed what equipment they thought would still be of use to them for research purposes, and abandoned the rest. If it came to it they could always get back in the way they were leaving. Adam helped H-B down the manhole, where Liz was already waiting at the bottom.
“I guess we know where Charleston saw the symbols now,” she said, indicating carvings on the wall. 
These ones read as directions to access the above chamber, but Adam was not sure. His ability to read the mysterious text seemed to be fading. Something that came as a small relief.
“Well, one mystery solved then. Come on, let’s save the others a bit of effort in trying to rescue us,” he said.
The tunnel was dark, but Adam saw recesses in the wall similar to the ones in the maze. He considered perhaps using the Promethean Gauntlet to light the way, but he was still unsure about it. After all, he did not know how Liz and H-B would react to the supernatural control of fire it had given him, if it still worked at all. Liz had a couple of bulky Dolphin torches from Mathis’ bag with her, so he opted to play it safe and use those. The tunnel had a steep incline, and went on for close to two miles. H-B commented that such an intricate network would have been a considerable feat to design, and that it would have taken the better part of a century to construct it with native tools if it had been built prior to European settlement. The tunnel came to an end, and they were met with another manhole.
“How are we supposed to open this?” Liz asked Adam.
“Well... Charleston managed it on his own somehow, there must be a trick to it,” Adam said, looking for more Elysian glyphs to instruct him. 
There were none this time.
“Might I suggest something?” H-B said, looking up at the blockage and proffering his improvised tripod walking stick.
Adam saw what he meant when he looked closely at the manhole above him – there was a crack of light coming through, something had been jammed underneath it. Adam took the tripod and used it to jimmy open their exit, and was met with a gush of cold water.
“Argh, what the hell?” he exclaimed, belted by the stream. 
He climbed up through it, careful not to get the contents of his bag wet, and saw where they were; back at the oasis, just underneath one of the slits through which the water travelled. H-B and Liz followed him up, both getting drenched on their way. They were all incredibly relieved to be back outside, and all sat down in the sand underneath the overhang to rest and appreciate their newfound freedom.
“Hey! Hey, over here!” someone called out.
Adam looked in the direction of the voice; it was Alice, on the opposite side of the lagoon. Adam waved to her, and began to laugh; it seemed things were finally starting to look up.
*
Alice radioed in to the rest of the group that she had found them, which they did not believe at first, but when Adam came on the line they made their way over as fast as they could. The first thing Alice did when Adam came over to her was tackle him to the ground and hold him tight. After a moment, she sat up and hit him on the chest.
“Hey, easy,” he said, fending her off.
“Don’t you ever, ever do that to us again!” she said, hugging him tighter still.
“No promises,” he laughed, reciprocating the gesture.
“You mean we spent the last twenty four straight hours haulin’ rocks for no god damn reason? God damn it!” Slater said. 
He had driven the rest of the group to the hill near the bottom of the Oasis in the half-useless Boar.
“Jesus, Teagues is gonna be pissed that you broke his toy, hope you’ve got deep pockets, cowboy,” Adam commented when he saw the damage.
Before Slater had a chance to come back at that, Mathis walked over to Adam.
“Mr Thorne, welcome back. We’ve missed you,” he said.
“I got it,” Adam said, holding up his wrist to show Mathis the Gauntlet. 
Mathis stood staring in awe for a moment, but quickly snapped out of it. It must have been the first time he had seen one of the Elysian Gifts in person, outside of the Key.
“You have done well, surprisingly so. Mr Hart will be extremely pleased when I inform him. We shall be following your career with great interest. You may even find yourself a recurring role in all of this,” he said.
He opened a Zero Halliburton case, not unlike those that had held the relics delivered to Locke College, lined with protective material. Adam slid the Gauntlet off his wrist and placed it carefully inside the case, which Mathis snapped shut.
“So what happens now?” Adam asked wearily, looking over the rest of the team. 
Everyone looked like they were in need of a good long rest, and they had certainly earned it.
“This expedition has come to a close, we have what we came for. I trust you managed to obtain the necessary research data to write up a full report on it for Mr Hart? Mathis asked. 
That came as a relief; he was worried they would have to go back into the cave again.
“Yes, Dr Pace said we have several terabytes worth of digital data now, I think we should be able to work with that,” Adam said, looking to the twins to confirm. 
Alice held up a portable hard drive, and Ben a digital camera.
“Yeah, we’re good to go,” said Adam.
Mathis was satisfied with the answer.
“Brilliant. I suggest that we return to camp now and pack up, as there will be two planes waiting for us at the airfield we were supposed to land in come nightfall,” he said.
“Why two?” Adam asked.
“You and your team are returning to Locke College. Dr Pace, Dr Slater, Dr Shuya, and myself, on the other hand must return to our headquarters in New York to crunch our numbers, pick up some of the more delicate information we’re seeking, and report directly to the higher-ups,” Mathis explained.
Adam looked at Liz, and she looked back at him and smiled. In that moment, something in her eyes told him their story was not over yet, not by a long shot. This was the beginning of something.
“When are we likely to see you again after we part then, Mr Mathis?” he asked.
“We’ll have a follow up on this expedition in a few weeks, Mr Macpherson has organized a clean-up crew and some restorers to undo what damage we have done here. After that, it’s a matter of finding the locations of other items. Could be weeks, could be years before another comes up, something that may depend on you. We know now that you can deliver, Adam Thorne, I trust Mr Hart will keep that in mind should anything come up,” Mathis explained.
Adam was a little disappointed, being on opposite sides of the country would hurt his chances of getting to know the real Elizabeth Pace to say the least. He could always make the trip out to New York, if he wanted; the museum at Locke was not due to reopen for some time yet.
“Alright. It’s been... well I can’t say it’s been a pleasure, I nearly died, but it’s been an experience Mr Mathis,” Adam said, holding out his hand.
“Indeed it has Mr Thorne, indeed it has,” he replied, taking his hand for a firm handshake.
Adam handed Alice the camera he had borrowed from her.
“I got a lot of stuff on there, keep it safe,” he said
“What, you don’t trust me? We both know that Ben’s the one who’d probably throw it in the lagoon for shits and giggles,” she replied, feigning offence.
“Would not… although, it would be kind of funny,” Ben responded.
“See what I mean?”
Adam was glad to be back with them, he would never take their bickering for granted again. The group, minus Slater, began their trek back to the campsite. Slater would drive the Boar back around to the flats and meet them there, taking the bulk of their field equipment in the cargo space. He offered Liz a lift back, but she declined, preferring to walk with the rest of the team. She stayed at the back of the group, apparently in deep conversation with Han.
CHAPTER TWENTY SIX: THE START OF SOMETHING GREAT



The group packed up the camp in no time by the light of the red morning sun, loading the equipment and tents into the Bush Pig and the Boar. The journey back to the road took most of the day, and although the ride was rough Adam dozed through most of it, waking again fully the moment they hit pavement once again at the spot where their plane had crash-landed. The truck was long gone, as was all evidence of the plane and the aftermath save for some remnants of broken glass. Mathis brushed this off, stating simply that their people were efficient. 
Adam was going to have to check in with a doctor once they got back to Locke College, which would be some time that evening, just to make sure he had not damaged himself more than he thought he had.  Alice woke him up when they arrived at the airfield, it was late in the afternoon, just coming on dusk. He jumped out of the back of the Bush Pig and was surprised to see Teagues’ jet, the Silver Swan, waiting at the end of the strip next to a white Gulfstream VI with Hart Industries markings.
“And I thought I knew how to party; it looks like you’ve had quite the time out there!” Teagues remarked, appearing from the other side of the Boar which was parked next to them. 
He came over and gave Adam a brotherly European hug.
“Ah, careful man, I’m a bit fragile right now. What are you doing here?” Adam asked. 
He was glad to see Teagues out here, but his presence was the last thing he had been expecting. The pilot merely shrugged at his confusion.
“You forget, I do contract work for Monsieur Hart. I was called back from Paris just for this reason. I was originally supposed to fly you down here in the first place, but was not given enough notice to escape my obligations,” he explained.
“Captain Teagues, I sincerely apologize for the damage done to your experimental vehicle, and you have my assurance that Hart Industries will accommodate any of the associated costs of repair and replacement,” Mathis said, putting his hand over the speaker of the satellite phone.
“I should hope so, I have a private investor who is very interested in using the Boar as part of a new mining program, and it would be nice if I could show him something that has not been blown apart by a halfwit redneck,” Teagues said, glaring at Slater.
“Watch it Frenchy, unless you wanna find my boot up your candy ass,” Slater retorted, loading his things onto the Hart Industries plane. 
Knowing how well Teagues was trained in close quarters combat, Adam silently hoped the rude geologist would press the issue. Han walked over to join in on the conversation.
“Lawrence Teagues, you sly old frog,” Han said, shaking Teagues’ hand.
“Han Shuya, you cheeky little ninja, I haven’t seen you since the Glasgow conference! They didn’t tell me you were working on this project,” Teagues said, embracing Han in the same manner he had Adam.
“Well, you know me, I like to keep my head down. And with this hair it can get pretty difficult,” said Han, laughing. 
He had covered up his injuries with a long sleeved shirt. As the pair began to catch up on current events, someone tapped Adam on the shoulder – it was Liz.
“Hey,”
“Hey you. Got an answer for me yet?” Adam asked hopefully.
Liz looked towards the setting sun. It did feel a little soon to be asking, but he had no idea when he would see her again.
“Well, here’s the thing. The next few weeks are going to be almost completely dedicated to work, some problems I need to tackle head on. I mean, my boss? Complete bitch, really gets into my head. Odds are I’m gonna end up sleeping in the office, and it wouldn’t be the first time,” she said, sounding thoroughly unenthused at the prospect.
Adam felt a little pang in his chest, but Liz continued, not noticing.
“Listen, when we do the follow up briefing we’ll probably end up coming out to you. I don’t really know California at all outside of San Diego, so maybe you could show me around? I don’t normally do this kind of thing, but I think I’d like that,” she said with a smile. 
That was not a direct yes, but it was probably the biggest hint she could give him. Liz turned to board her plane, Slater and Han having loaded most of their equipment already, but turned back and gave Adam a quick peck on the cheek.
“Take care of yourself, Adam Thorne,” she said, and entered the side door.
He felt suddenly lightheaded, completely lost in the moment. It was the strangest feeling, like being hypnotized by a siren song. No other woman had given him that feeling. A voice brought him back to reality though.
“Mr Thorne? Are you alright?”
It was Mathis, and he offered Adam the satellite phone.
“Mr Hart would like a word,” said Mathis.
He was not expecting that, but hid it and took the phone, holding it to his ear.
“Hello?” he said.
“At last we break words. I’ve heard good things about you Mr Thorne, very good things. Allow me to introduce myself; Lucius Hart,” said Hart.
“Pleasure to meet... uh... speak to you sir.” Adam stammered.
“The pleasure is all mine. I shall keep this brief, as I’m sure you are longing to go home and rest. That was how I felt after uncovering my first Elysian Gift, a lifetime ago. To say I’m pleased with your efforts would be an understatement. From what Riley has told me, you have risked life and limb in order to secure the Promethean Gauntlet for us, going above and beyond the call of duty,” said Hart.
He looked over at Mathis. The man sometimes came off as cold and mechanical, but it was nice to know he had some kind words in the end.
“Well, not really. Just another day on the job really,”
“People have ridiculed me in the past for chasing this dream, but now that you have experienced the magnificence of the Elysians first hand, I am sure you understand the great import of these precious items. I would like for you to continue on this project, heading the field team, as a special consultant. Such is the nature of these items that I cannot ensure that anything will come up again soon, but you would remain supported financially, and any resources you require would be at your disposal, if you continue the search. People of your caliber are few and far between, and the only man of equal value I have ever met is long passed from this world. What is your answer?”
Adam thought about the proposition for a moment; it would mean a lot of work on top of his duties at Locke College, but at the same time he wanted to know more about the Elysians. More importantly, he wanted to know how or why they were affecting him. He had seen things, his eyes were now open to a new way of the world, and he could not go back.
“I accept,” Adam replied.
“Wonderful. I shall watch your progress with great interest, Mr Thorne. Remember, we take care of our own at Hart Industries,” Hart finished.
Silence, followed by a dial tone, and Adam handed the phone back to Mathis.
“We will see you again in the not too distant future Mr Thorne, make sure you send your reports our way as soon as you are finished with them,” said Mathis.
“Yes, definitely. I’ll see you later Mr Mathis,” he said.
“I’ll be in touch.” Mathis replied. 
The Hart plane was now ready to take off, and the pilot was waving for Mathis to get on board.
The white plane began to taxi down the runway, and Adam caught one last glimpse of Liz through a window. She caught his eye and smiled back at him.
*
“So Vegas is pretty close, guys, wanna hit the tables?” Ben suggested as he buckled into his seat on the Swan. 
“You never give up, do you?” Alice said, rolling her eyes.
“Well, if I did, your lifelong job of keeping me in line would be unfulfilling. I do all of this for you sis, why don’t you understand that? Don’t act like you don’t love it,” said Ben, hoping to wind her up.
“Sorry Benjamin, we are going home. Adam needs some medical treatment, and more importantly I have a date to keep. So no more of your shenanigans,” Teagues said over the cockpit intercom.
Adam stared silently out towards the desert, where the sun was just finishing setting. He reflected on the events of the last few weeks. He had gone from being a teacher’s assistant, to a museum researcher, to a field archaeologist searching for mysterious relics, to almost being pancaked in an ancient trap. He had the Halliburton case containing the Promethean Gauntlet in his lap, Mathis leaving it with him under Hart’s instruction for further study. He thought about the Hart people he had met, one more than the others. It was like a high school crush, and it made him feel a little foolish, but he did not care.
“Hey, Adam, come on. I know you wanna go and hit the slots with your boy Benny. Come on man, I know you want the goodies… think of the showgirls, man, you’ll be helping them through college or something,” said Ben. 
He was really pressing this idea on the group. Adam smiled and shook his head. He knew how to stop this.
“I think I’m good right now man, but you can go ahead. I’m sure the Chippendales boys would love to see your beloved pink glow sticks,”
Ben opened his mouth for a comeback, but ultimately crossed his arms and shut up. Adam, Alice, and H-B all burst out laughing.
“You know, Benjamin, you could always form a Glee club when we get back to Locke, you could surely attract that key demographic now,” the professor chuckled.
“Sure, let’s all laugh at Ben for drawing the short straw. Screw you all,” Ben grumbled.
Adam laughed. He was truly glad that no matter what the situation, they could always make light of it. He took the Key off from around his neck and held it up to the remains of the day. It glistened in the fading sunlight, the red jewel at its center shining brightly. This thing, this impossible thing, was the catalyst for something, he just knew it. Recent events had taught him there was always more to things in life than what you can see on the surface. Even though he did not know what lay waiting in days to come, he knew that he had to stick it out. Some things might come to him easily, others he might struggle towards, but something deep down told him that this was the start of something big.

EPILOGUE



A lone figure, clad entirely in dull black leather, sits atop a black Kawasaki Ninja motorcycle just over the horizon, unseen by those at the airstrip. Her face is obscured by a black helmet with its visor down, the only part of her body exposed is a small tattoo at the base of her neck, one that she has worn for as long as she can remember. There is little to distinguish her from any other rider, precisely her intention. Her combat webbing is well concealed beneath her thick jacket, holding a veritable arsenal or small arms and blades, just in case she needs them. She watches the white Gulfstream VI take off and bank east, followed a short while after by the silver one, heading west.
She knows they have the Fexuit gift; a small concession, one that had to be made. After all these years, they at last know who they have been waiting for. They know the Key of Elysia is back in play, and it is held by Adam Thorne. They have observed many potential candidates from afar, but instinct had told her that he was the one.
They have been hiding in the shadows for years, watching, waiting, and training. No organization on the planet could boast a group of soldiers as skilled as their own, so dedicated to a cause. At last they would be able to reveal themselves. At last, after coming face to face with annihilation, the Initiative would continue its work. The rider presses a small button hidden on the side of her helmet, activating an encrypted low frequency radio transmission that only a select few would be able to hear across the globe. Wherever they are, whatever they are doing, they will hear her, and they will follow her orders to the letter. She speaks the Queen’s English, though it is not her native tongue.
“This is Valkyrie. Thorne’s team appears to have acquired the Fexuit relic. This is going to put us even further on the back foot, but our goal now has become clear. The players have revealed themselves, and the pieces are moving. There is but one course,”
She pauses, considering the monumental task ahead of them. In her years fighting this secret war she had seen terrible things, done unspeakable things, but her resolve is as strong as ever. This was a war that they would not lose. A war that they could not lose, no matter how many setbacks they had experienced in the past, nor how many might yet come. 
“Three-Six will lead the strike on Hart Tower in two weeks; you will have one shot at this. Get the files of Adam Thorne and all those directly involved Holders Project. Non-combat personnel are to assist in the search for Elysian sites. We have to beat them to the next shrine, else we risk them gaining momentum we cannot match. Your success in this is crucial to our operation; collateral damage may become a necessity. All are to rally at Delta Point when you have completed your objectives, ensure you are not followed, whatever it takes. Valkyrie out,”
She presses the button on her helmet again, shutting off the signal before her comrades can respond. They only ever transmitted in short bursts over an encrypted network, lest the authorities track them down and shut down their whole operation. The law enforcement world considers them worse than terrorists; they are hunted relentlessly by the FBI, CIA, NSA, NIRU, Interpol, and countless other agencies. There are bounties on their heads in the low millions, though they are placed in vain – nobody knows their true identities. She has had years of experience, more than any in her field, more than any other member of her organization. By keeping one step ahead of them she has managed to keep many of her people from being captured or killed, but they all know the risks. Against such a powerful foe, the risk is greater still. The time for running has passed; it is time for the mice to roar.
The Valkyrie takes a final look after the silver jet plane as it disappeared over the horizon and kick starts her motorcycle, peeling away from the dirt road and speeding down the highway into the night. She has work to do.



Seven Pieces of The Holder of the Key Trivia

I. The original title of the book was The Holder of the Beginning, and up until the final draft it was going to be titled The Legacy of Prometheus.
II. The first draft was written over thirty days in November of 2009, and clocked in at 64,365 words. The first edition, released in 2011, came in at 75,076 words. REDUX (you know, the one you just read) is just over 82,000 words.
III. The Key, designed by independent filmmaker Andrew Jenkins, is based around a lower case Alpha inside an Omega inside an upper case Alpha. My hand drawn versions were terrible.
IV. There have been several character name changes, from the early notes stage, to the initial drafting, to the first edition, then to REDUX. The most significant are Adam starting out as Alec Thorne, and Elizabeth Pace starting as Liz Lenard.
V. Two characters are named in homage to three of my favourite pop/action authors; Jeffrey Elton for Jeffrey Archer and Ben Elton, and Riley Mathis for Matthew Reilly, who inspired me to write the books in the first place, and encouraged me when he found out.
VI. An extra chapter exists, set between the ninth and tenth, detailing the fallout of the pranks Ben kept pulling on his sister’s named but unseen ex. That subplot did not pan out in later entries, so the chapter vanished with it. You really haven’t missed much there.
VII. Only 350 paperback copies of the first edition exist, now out of print. If you want in on that action, good luck.
-RD

THE ALPHA INITIATIVE

Volume II of the Holder of the Key Saga
By Richard Dive
“Before all else, be armed…”
A break in at one of the most secure facilities in the world, data worth billions stolen, and Hart Industries has been made to look like fools. The culprits: a notorious terrorist organization known as The Alpha Initiative, a black ops cell with an unknown agenda. They are responsible for dozens of domestic and international attacks, and are believed to be composed of the best soldiers the world has ever seen. Anyone who has ever worked for Lucius Hart is now in serious danger, and Adam Thorne and his team, the driving force behind Hart's mysterious Holders Project, have been marked as their next targets.
With his dreams replaced by visions from the Key of Elysia, Adam must come to understand truths beyond anything he has ever known as he relives the memories of those who held the artefacts before him; those who died to keep them safe. There is more to the artefacts than he has been told, and the Key itself seems to be changing him in impossible ways.
The discovery of two Elysian shrines in the barren tundra region of Nunavut will lead Adam and company to the desolate Canadian territory, witness the rise of a dangerous rival in their quest to find the Elysian artefacts, and see the bonds of friendship put to the test.

THE LOST CITY

Volume III of the Holder of the Key Saga
By Richard Dive
“A storm is coming…”
Nine months have passed since the Nunavut incident, nearly a year since Adam Thorne found himself in possession of the coveted Key of Elysia and saddled the burdens that come from bearing such an object. He cannot fall asleep, his injuries heal themselves at impossible speed, and he is the target of a dangerous organization known as The Alpha Initiative. His research team and their NIRU bodyguards, the closest thing he has to family, are the only thing keeping him sane, and together they will come face to face with evils thought long lost to the world. An unexpected lead in the search for more Elysian artefacts will force Adam to find the truth about what happened to his mother, a documentarian who lost her life hunting for an ancient civilisation known as the Alfexa deep within the Amazon rainforest.
There will be much for Adam and company to contend with, far more than they could ever hope to prepare for; a frantic car chase through the streets of Los Angeles, the tragic memories of a Roman soldier who held the Key before him, grave warnings from the shadows, ghosts from the past, fights for their very lives, and the rise of a deadly new enemy.


