Leviticus prime
The Evil Within series
By Levi Walker
***
Copyright 2014
Walker-Russo Publishing
Smashwords Edition
Cover art by stanzalonedesign.weebly.com/
***
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher. Warning: the unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal as well as immoral. This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment and may not be resold or given to others. If you would like to share this e-book, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you and I hope you enjoy the effort and imagination that I put into this novel just for you.
***
Books by Levi Walker
The Evil Within series
Leviticus Prime
Love, War, and Treasure too
When Darkness Shines Bright
Dream Walker (Release date: May, 2015)
***
Dedicated to my mom: Pearl Rhoda Margaret Jane Featherhead Lewis Walker Meetze. No kidding. Her name is that long.
***
This short book is a companion piece to Love, War, and Treasure too of The Evil Within series. Its original purpose was as a prologue and really wasn’t intended as a novel. Its length and difference in tempo was the reason it was given its own title. It should be read for background, though. As with anyone, what happened in my youth directly accounts for much of both of mine and Tony Russo’s behaviours and will explain shocking revelations that will occur in later books of this series. The end of Leviticus Prime and the beginning of Love, War, and Treasure too overlap. I separated Tony and my Navy adventures in our first year in service. Mine are in this book and Tony’s are in the latter. Not really sure why I did that. I wrote all these books in first person as I am telling it and in both first and second person as I tell Tony’s. Only things that are noticed by either Tony or myself are described in detail. For example, a woman’s appearance may be explicitly detailed, emphasis placed on breasts and rear ends, while a male’s description may be virtually non-existent. We just didn’t really pay attention to men unless they were chasing us. Third person omniscient references are nearly completely avoided. Although this may detract from the suspenseful nature of the story, I feel it makes the telling of the tale in a tunnel vision sort of manner helps it to be more authentic and real. Please take the time to write a complementary review or give positive advice on how you think I could improve these books. Thank you.

Table of Contents
Prologue: Impetuous Youth
Chapter 1: Frankenstein’s Monster
Chapter 2: Brown Mountain Beach
Chapter 3: Great Mistakes
Chapter 4: Memphis Naval Air Station
Chapter 5: Mississippi Mud
Chapter 6: River Pirates
Chapter 7: Rambo and Obi Wan Kenobi
Love, War, and Treasure too: Book Two
When Darkness Shines Bright: Book Three
About The Author


Prologue: Impetuous Youth
***
October 20, 1965: My name is Levi Walker. I was born in a small hospital on the fringes of the Columbia, South Carolina. The day of my birth, my father was absent due to a riot at the State Penitentiary. He was a police Sergeant for the city and this was a time of great upheaval. John F. Kennedy had been assassinated two years before I was born and civil rights demonstrations and sit-ins were frequent occurrences throughout the North and South…mostly in the South. When peaceful protests were met with water cannons and brutality, violence often erupted. Race riots plagued the land and discord was normal. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. preached non-violent protest but his beautiful voice and inspirational words were to be silenced by an assassin’s bullet two years after my birth. Windows were shattered and mothers hid their children in darkened homes. John Kennedy’s brother Robert was assassinated that same year. The Vietnamese War escalated more every year and protests against it escalated as well. Of course, I don’t recall any of those turbulent times but I later thought my timely introduction into such a tumultuous world mirrored the man I was to become.
***
My earliest years are only blurred images of my mother’s face, her long curly black hair, and a few other bits and pieces. My earliest really clear memory is being in the hospital holding a Popeye bubble gum machine when I was four years old. I was told that I had crawled under the bed in my parent’s room in order to plug in a camera. You know, the kind with the huge flood light on the top. Anyhow, the bulb was cracked or something and the electricity caught my shirt on fire. Mom pulled me out from under the bed screaming. She held me on her lap on the drive to the hospital and tried blowing on my side to cool it off. The skin graft didn't take for whatever reason and I was left with a horrible scar covering my right side. I've gotten used to it and everyone gets used to it but I am still extremely self-conscious of it. It wasn’t until years later that I would discover what really had happened and why my oldest sister was not allowed to babysit me…ever. I’ll get to that in due course. It was shortly after this that I remember making the acquaintance of Tony Russo. I don’t remember how we met but remember him being available to play almost any time I wished. He was pretty fun and always liked to explore strange places. He became a semi constant companion throughout my formative years.
It was also at this tender age that I became uncommonly fixated on the spiritual reality of my existence and began a lifelong search for God. I was told at the time that it was abnormal for a boy of my age to be concerned with such things but that didn’t deter me from annoying everyone constantly. “Why am I here? Where is God? If God is real then why can’t I see him and why doesn’t he talk to me? Why did he let me burn when I had done nothing to deserve it?” Of course the adults had no answers other than, “The Lord works in mysterious ways,” or that, “God’s plan is not for us to question”. Those responses did little to assuage my childish inquisitiveness. My favourite was, “You’re too young to worry about that kind of stuff. Why don’t you go play?” I learned early on that asking grownups uncomfortable questions usually got me out of the house. The unusual nature of my queries also meant that my siblings and other kids didn’t want to hang around me either. I really didn’t care though. They tended to be concerned with bike riding or some other activities that I found uninteresting. The only person I could depend on to always be there when I needed was Tony.
After a few years of my persistent yet fruitlessly asked questions, my parents split up. I don’t think I had anything to do with them separating but I may have been the cause of my mom going a little bonkers. I didn't know why they separated and I really didn't think about it. I don't remember them arguing but I don't remember a lot. I have always been a bit introspective and even a bit self-concerned as I dwelled in my own little magical world. Anyway, my dad remarried a witch and mom remarried a rich guy. I really enjoyed that part of my life. Mom and dad were in a continuous struggle for custody and we were pulled back and forth from one household to another. What was apparently tragic for my siblings, as it would be for most children, was positively enchanting for me most of the time. With five sisters, one brother, two step sisters on my step mother’s side, and three on my step dads side; I discovered I had the power of invisibility. I could vanish all day long and went unnoticed. Even when caught in the bustle of the noisy household, I would go virtually unnoticed. I discovered real freedom at the age when most children are encumbered with parental and familial demands and I cherished every moment.
At my moms’ house were three small lakes and thousands of acres of pristine forestland. I was Robin Hood, Huckleberry Finn, or whomever I wanted to be and everyone else was too busy to notice that I wasn't home. It was great. I learned a lot too. They say snakes are more afraid of you than you are of them...not true...well, not initially anyway. I learned that when swinging from a limb high up in a tree it’s best to test the strength of the limb first. And I learned that if I ever got constipated, I should just drink the pond water. Constipation won’t be a problem for a long, long time.
When I was at my dad’s house, it wasn't too bad either. Right beside that house, there were woods, swamps, and a creek that drained through a tunnel underneath the rail road track and highway. In the swamps, I learned how to listen. Every noise told me a story. A leaf falling into the water makes a soft, barely discernible sound. The soft rapid fluttering of a dragonfly landing on the leaf and then the sudden turmoil of erupting water as a fish jumps at the unsuspecting dragonfly. Frogs croak softly in a strangely soothing melody while crickets chirp as if in a string ensemble. The only two downsides were the irritating mosquitoes and knowing that I had to go home. Back at the house that I was soon to return to were seven screaming girls, a witch, and a sleeping dad that usually worked 16 hours a day as a cop.
My only real memory of elementary school is of a fight I got into with a bully named Manuel Duarte. Well, it wasn’t really a fight. I got pushed down a hill at recess in front of my whole class. Manuel had a crush on a cute little blond named Nanette Seaver but she liked me so I was naturally Manuel’s enemy. I walked away from the ‘fight’ in humiliation knowing that even if climbed back up the hill to face him, I would still be at a disadvantage. Manuel was stronger and had the high ground. I knew even then to choose my battles and not let them choose me. Still, he never bothered me after that. However, Duarte was to become a bane to Tony Russo's existence in the future changing his life and personality in ways I could never have imagined.
***
In the 7th grade, I ran away to go to my mom and the courts awarded me to her in perpetuity because I had become my own man, in my mind anyway, and absolutely refused to go back. I boldly told the judge, “I won’t go back to that house full of crying, whining gaggle of life sucking wenches!” I guess I got the wenches part from Robin Hood. Anyhow, at about the eighth grade, I noticed that girls were noticing me. Looking in the mirror repeatedly confirmed to me that I was an extremely good looking guy. But after I ended up with three dates to the eighth grade prom, I decided girls were too complicated and I was incapable of sensible thinking when regarding them. I’m not sure how I got out of the prom but I remember I didn't go and none of the girls were mad at me so it must have been clever. At about this time mom was getting another divorce. I was crushed because we might have to leave my Sherwood Forest.
After mom divorced my step dad; we moved to South Congaree, South Carolina. It wasn't too bad. I had this sixteen year old neighbor that was always trying to get me to get naked with her. I was only thirteen then but I liked her sister so that never happened. I barely remember school at all. The only things I remember about school are pulling a ligament playing baseball and dressing every day in rainbow suspenders acting like I was Mork. “Nanoo, Nanoo.”
I do remember a lot about other non-school stuff though. I used to go hiking deep into the woods. I didn't like the forests there a lot though. It was dry and sandy and seemed to be populated by nothing but pine trees and fire ants. But one day, I found a large stream perfect for swimming and fishing. It became my oasis but not for long. Mom decided to move to North Carolina to be near her relatives. That was okay with me. I had spent a lot of short vacations visiting and absolutely loved the plush, green, never ending forests where I had over a dozen cousins that liked outdoorsy stuff. We moved there in 1980 and I loved it.
It seemed as if everything came alive as soon as we crossed the border. Where we moved to was right on the border of South Carolina and North Carolina. The trees were plush, green, and the air smelled cool and fresh. There was a string of mountains with only three ridges jutting up in the middle of hundreds of square miles of relatively flat land with the Appalachian Mountains far to the west. Anyhow, Crowder’s Mountain was the largest of the three and the most travelled and we moved to just three miles from it base. From Crowder’s Mountain, it was just a matter of climbing some ridges to get to the more secluded points. I explored those mountains for years and always found a new cave or a new view. Every turn that I would take would open another vista and another world. It’s not like it is in the Appalachians where the view is obstructed by another mountain. Although it’s only about seventeen hundred feet above sea level, it dominates the landscape.
My home life was looking up too. When we first moved to North Carolina, we stayed at my uncle’s farm. They had everything; horses, cows, goats, chickens, pigs, etc. The whole caste of “Charlotte's Web” was there solely for my entertainment. Uncle Clell was the typical hillbilly type that only wore overalls and always had the same routine every day: rise before sunup, milk the cows, feed the animals, go back in for some breakfast; always homemade flat bread, sausage gravy, and whatever meat they had from whatever animal they had recently slaughtered. Then he'd head back out to tend the crops. It was great and I was right at his side. He had seven sons and one daughter but none of them wanted to do that stuff. Don’t get me wrong. They had to do their chores or pay the price. I believe the consequences involved a hickory switch behind the barn. That’s a whipping with a thin green tree limb but I never witnessed it ever happen. I assume it had happened to each of them at one time or another and the memory of that event sent them running to do their chores at the mere threat.
We stayed there for one summer and it was fantastic. My cousins and I often slept in the barn loft which isn’t near as pleasant as it sounds. During a steamy, windless night, the horses and cows below with their accompanying smells could be suffocating but I got used to it. During a storm, the rain pelting off of the tin roof could get so loud that we had to cover our ears but we endured it because when the rain eased up, the sound was magical like a gentle waterfall. It played on my ears like a lullaby. The steady percussion of the rain on the roof and the violins of water rushing down and flowing over the sides then fading into the meadow below was absolute music. At times, I even thought I heard definite melodies in the air. Later we moved onto a small farm not far away. Mom, my youngest sister Teresa, and I would plant tomatoes, corn, and my favorite...okra. We had a goat and some chickens but, all too soon, it was time to go back to school.
Starting at a new school in another state wasn't that big a deal for me. I didn't really care about making friends and wasn't real concerned with dating since my eighth grade prom debacle. I really wasn't all that concerned with grades or school at all for that matter. Good grades kind of just happened for me. I did study some but mostly just listened in class and did my homework. Mostly, I just wanted to get home and do my chores then go exploring. I also built model airplanes and ships for fun. I found the detail and focus of it surprisingly relaxing for me. Usually, I wasn't happy unless I was tromping though the woods but the patience and attention to detail of model building really appealed to me. Somewhere along the line attention to detail transferred to my school work. My grades jumped from C’s and B's to A's. Every test I would score 100. If I made a 98, it was a failure to me. I started taking the hardest classes that I could and aced everything with a few exceptions. I loved math and all the sciences. Everything seemed to be so logical and came easy to me but some humanities, namely English, did not interest me at all. But by the end of the eleventh grade, I had straight A's including English...Literature actually.


Chapter 1: Frankenstein’s Monster
***
May 2nd, 1982: One month before the school year ended and two days before the junior prom; my mom, my sister and I left out early to drive down to Columbia to visit some family. With mom driving and Teresa in the back seat, I reclined in the front seat dozing off to sleep. A car came barrelling around a curve in our lane and hit us head-on. I have no memory of the following three weeks. Both of mom’s knees were crushed and she had many other lesser injuries. Both of Teresa’s arms were broken and my neck was broken. They say if I had of been awake and rigid when the accident happened that I would have died. Although I had had my seat belt on and was reclined in the seat, I still managed to kiss the windshield with quite a bit force. As I have said, I have no memory of that or the following three weeks. They tell me I wasn't in a coma. I guess I was just very sleepy. Anyway, when I did come to my senses, I only remember bits and pieces of things. I was concerned about my mom and sister and the doctors assured me they were okay. Time seemed to be irrelevant. The last thing I remembered was staring out the car window at the trees floating by and falling off to sleep. When I wake up I’m in a different place nearly a month later. Then it became even more confusing. One minute I would be taking some medical test and the next I was watching the Seventy Sixers play the Celtics with my cousin Dwayne while devouring a pizza that he had sneaked into the hospital. I definitely remember thinking that the pizza was definitely better than hospital food and that I really don't like basketball.
The next day they allowed me to have non-family visitors and I was amazed. I had so many people from school come to see me. I had never really thought I had any friends...only acquaintances. It seemed that everyone that I had ever helped in class, or simply spoke to, came to see me. Every hot girl in my junior class came. I knew them and had spoken to them before but I didn't think they knew me. Each came into my room and sat down and actually talked to me like we had been best friends forever. Then I realized that I wasn’t really invisible. Did they come as a show of compassion or had they actually been my friends all along? Did I not notice because I thought I was alone? Time would tell but at that moment I realized that having friends was exhausting. Every day some of the same ones would revisit and new ones would come in a seemingly endless parade of smiles and platitudes like, “Oh my God, I was so worried about you.” I got a whole lot of cheek kisses too from the hot girls and that was great. Tony Russo spent a great deal of time with me when everyone else was gone. I’m not really sure how he managed to gain access to me during non-visiting hours but there he was. We talked a lot about a lot of things that I barely recalled. A steady infusion of drugs had me pretty muddled. Though I didn’t remember what we talked about, I do remember the uneasy feeling I had after one of the conversations. It was a feeling that I didn’t shake for years until all was revealed to me on a mountaintop beside the churning cauldron of a white water river.
Anyway, mom couldn’t walk and Teresa couldn’t eat…not by herself anyway. She had a caste on both arms from her shoulders to her hands. I felt fine. I was tired but everything seemed to work until I tried to stand. My ankle had been broken and they didn't catch it in x-ray. My left knee had also been lacerated pretty badly and they had closed the wounds with staples. When I nearly collapsed, my knee bent and all the staples popped out with an oddly cartoon-like ‘ping, ping, ping’ sound. My knee opened up like a blossoming flower. It didn't hurt a lot. I suppose I was pretty well doped up still. They fixed my knee then my neurosurgeon came to chat with me.
“You're lucky to be alive. God has given you a second chance,” he said with a wide smile. He was Hindu so I wondered to which of his three million gods he was referring. Up until then I had been wearing a foam neck brace but every day I was getting stronger and more restless. I was sixteen and head strong so when the doctor explained the seriousness of the position of the fracture, I was unconcerned. I was relatively certain that I was invincible. Apparently, he didn't think so and recommended that I wear a fixed neck brace called a ‘halo.’ That was alright with me. I thought a saintly headpiece to be fitting and proper for someone with my self-imagined divinity. Anyway, why take the chance of paralysis or death if there's another way? So the next morning I was taken to an operating room and that starts me worrying. Why do I need an operating room? The doctor comes in and pleasantly informs me what he’s doing as he’s doing it. I do whatever he says...no problem. He puts a plastic vest on me with a fleece lining and two shiny stainless steel rods going up vertically from the shoulders to the level of my forehead. I assume he going to put the ring around my head then attach it.
“I’m going to attach this ring to your head by screwing these pins into your skull,” he blurted out apparently unaware that I was listening.
I said something like, “Really," or some other word trying not to show my horror. Accepting this fate rather quickly, I confidently said, “Okay, get it over with...knock me out.”
"You need to be conscious for this,” he said confusing my poor adolescent mind even further.
 Again I said, "Really," but with much more intensity and an extremely elevated level of disbelief.
“Yes, I have to screw each screw in a little at a time to equalize the pressure on your skull so that no one screw will puncture it,” he replied thinking this would sooth me. Okay, it made sense and I really would like to have my skull puncture free. It's simple logic.
“You need to tell me when you feel more pressure on one spot than another,” he continued.
“Sure, no problem.” After he shoots Novocain into each spot, he waits for a minute for it to take effect. Meanwhile, a nurse hooks up all the hardware on my new monster costume while I try to relax and gather my inner strength. The doctor comes over and is ready to begin...great.
"Okay Mr. Walker, I need you to hold the ring yourself while I tighten the screws,” he says as if he’s again unaware that I’m listening. At this point, I’m beginning to believe he’s only saying this stuff to screw with me.
"What...are you nuts? You have four nurses in here and I've only seen one of them do anything.” I didn't say that of course. I don't think I was mentally able to respond at all.
“I need you to hold the ring so that if your body moves any direction, your shoulders, arms, and hands will move the same direction. The nurses may not move the same way you do.”
Damnable logic! But it made sense so on we went. To be honest, I doubt I had any choice in the matter at this point. My Aunt Eva, who was my legal guardian until mom was better, said she had signed so many waivers that they probably could legally cut my skull open, reach down my throat, and harvest a kidney or something. That was comforting. I always loved Aunt Eva’s humor and honesty. The problem was that, at a gullible sixteen years of age, I wasn’t sure whether she was being funny or honest. I could spare a kidney or a lung but only had one of most of the other stuff.
As he began, I thought it wasn't so bad. I couldn't feel anything. So then he began circling me while tightening the screws in my head. This didn't hurt at all. My fears were subsiding. Slowly, I began to feel pressure. It was at that point that I realized that he had only been circling me to even up the screws prior to starting. Still, the pressure still wasn't that bad. Slowly it increased until I thought the top of my head would explode and my brains would fly out like candy erupting from a shattered piñata. I uneasily focused on keeping my hands steady and on feeling if the pressure was different in any spot. I couldn't open my eyes because of the blood and sweat streaming down my face. The one hard working nurse was dutifully swabbing but it kept flowing. My head was in a vice and it was because I said, "Yes, I'll do it. It makes sense." Finally he was done.
“It will never feel any worse than it does at this moment,” he consoled as if that was some comfort to me. I was pretty sure it couldn't possibly have felt any worse. Then they handed me two Tylenol.
 “You’re joking, right?” I asked in disbelief. The absurdity of them thinking that that would alleviate this excruciating trauma sent me into a laughing frenzy that I couldn't control. With every chuckle or guffaw my head exploded but I couldn't stop. What blood the good nurse hadn't rinsed from my eyes was purged with hysterical tears. When I finally stopped laughing or crying or whatever had happened, I noticed that the doctor and I were wrong. It could possibly feel worse.
The next three months were the most tortured and relentlessly painful period that I had suffered my entire life. Even to this day, I have never endured the physical agony of that time in my life. It felt as if my brain was being squeezed and there was nothing that I could do. My eyes hurt when I opened them. My ears rang at the slightest sound. Chewing was so excruciating that the thought of eating caused me nausea. I couldn’t sleep because to rest my head at any angle put pressure on the pins crushing into my skull. I tried putting a pillow between my head and the stainless steel bars connecting my chest to the halo so that I could lie down. That helped some but I still couldn’t sleep because the people on the airplane that had apparently crashed into my head kept jumping up and down in the aisles. The only good thing that I could think of was that I was finally out of the hospital. Teresa had only been in the hospital a couple of days. Mom got out after four weeks. I was finally out after nearly six weeks. Of course that was my fault for sleeping through the first three. But anyway, home was much better. There were no catheters, no IVs, no constant beeping of this machine or that. There were no nurses coming in every two hours all night long to ask how I felt when they damn well knew I felt freaking fantastic. I was home with a constant rotation of aunts coming to live with us and taking care of us. That was nice. I loved all my aunts and uncles and cousins and mom and dad and Teresa. It was the other sisters and my brother that I had left in Columbia that I didn’t really think about as a kid. I loved them too but as memories. They were people that I just never connected with when I was young. It wasn’t their fault. They never did anything that I remembered. They were like everyone else…just acquaintances that thought me invisible.
Anyway, after about a week, the pain seemed to be easing some. Probably I was just becoming accustomed to it. I couldn’t bathe because I couldn’t remove the fleece lined vest. It was almost July by then and not bathing seemed to not make much sense. Considering that I would be the bride of Frankenstein for another two months, I thought I should find a way. Details are better left unsaid.
The summer dragged along and so did I. I was miserable. I couldn’t go into the woods or up the mountain. I couldn’t work the garden or cut the grass or even shoot Teresa in the face with the water gun anymore. Her castes were off now and she could defend against it. I couldn’t be in the sun at all for too long because the steel, inquisition device that I was wearing would heat up and roast my forehead and ears to medium-well. But there was a bit of good news. The school notified me that, because of my excessive absences, I had to go to summer school. It was almost time for the second summer school session to start and I had to attend in order to pass into the twelfth grade. Hurray! So I spent the next three and a half weeks sitting in a classroom watching people that I didn’t know stare at me. It didn’t bother me...I actually had fun with it at times…picking my nose or crossing my eyes and letting drool run down my chin. I didn’t care. I didn’t know these people and had never even seen them at school before or after that. Maybe the school had imported some kids just so I could meet my summer school requirements. If that were the case, it was incredibly thoughtful of them. Finally, it was over…just in time to go back to school.
***
When school started I was a bit nervous. I wasn’t afraid of ridicule or anything like that. I was actual afraid that my brain wouldn’t work. I still had constant pressure and pain that at times left me muddled. The first few weeks I did have a great deal of trouble concentrating. My vision seemed strained and I couldn’t focus my attention for a long period of time. I realized that I could not function at the level that I expected of myself. I decided that I should postpone as many tests as I could until the halo came off and my brain resumed its usual incredible feats of awesomeness. I played the ‘poor me, I almost died’ card with the instructors and they were fine with it.
Shortly after that, I did finally get the halo off and I was so relieved. At the moment it came off, my head felt like a balloon tethered to my neck. The pressure was gone and I was encompassed with an overwhelming feeling of relief. The ecstasy of freedom washed over me as I turned my face up to the heavens and extended my arms out, palms up, thanking a glorious God. My first thoughts were of sleep. After months of nothing but fleeting moments of tortured naps, I could finally lay my head down on a soft pillow and totally relax. The only problem was that my head wouldn’t stay on the pillow. It kept trying to float away. It was actually funny to me. For the first time since I had the halo put on, I really laughed. I was free again. The doctor said that I would need therapy, a popular consensus even today. I still had to be careful until my neck grew strong again but everything looked good. He said later in life I may suffer headaches and neck pain but I wasn’t worried about that. Everything was looking up. School was going great. I made up my missed tests tout suite. All the friends that I hadn’t noticed before were really becoming good friends. Even the cheerleaders continued their friendships with me. All of them were smart and in many of the same classes as me. A couple of them passed chemistry because I tutored them or, when that failed, let them cheat off my tests. Maybe they were using me but I didn’t care. I always had hot girls wanting to sit beside me. It was a fair trade. All the knowledge in my head was free and I didn’t mind sharing. I had never been popular before and it wasn’t something in which I had ever strove. I have always liked my invisibility but I didn’t dislike this as much as I would have thought. In my senior class were all that people that I had spent the last three years with and they had been friends all along. I just had to break my neck in order to see.
Life at home had improved dramatically as well. Mom was walking again and we no longer needed help to survive. I had returned to my magical forest and was again exploring my mountain. I found a new found spirituality in the forest that I had overlooked before. All the deer, squirrels, rabbits, and very other creature played nearby while birds sang and the wind whistled through the trees like a symphony. I heard music in everything. I came closer to God and that which I was searching for with every walk across the land and with every breath of air. I could touch the earth and feel my energy flow into it, and its energy into me, as if the atoms of my hand melted into the soil. Often I would take my school books with me and read them. I didn’t have to study them. It was really cool. If I simply focused, I could read everything once then close my eyes and see everything that I had as if looking at a photograph. Plato once wrote that all ideas and knowledge already existed and floated around in the air waiting for someone to reach out and grab them. The universe seemed open to me. I remembered nearly everything I saw back then…charts, pictures, diagrams…everything. I was also especially good with spatial and theoretical conceptual sciences. The one thing that seemed to stump me was how DNA replicated until one day in college when it hit me out of the blue and I understood. This euphoria was short lived though I strove to keep it alive. Life just got in the way.
The rest of my senior year was relatively uneventful. Days passed and the year did as well. I did well in school. My senses were again keen but I spent much too much time on my newly discovered friends. I had become the average popular teenager that I had so disliked a year earlier. I no longer followed my moral compass and went in pursuit of fun stuff. My grades were good but I no longer set the bar as high. ‘B’s were as good as ‘A’s. Nancy Hampton, one of my very best friends, was now far ahead of me in our GPA race, whereas before we were neck and neck. She went on to graduate Valedictorian. At her graduation party, we had a nice dinner together but I remember wishing I was at one of the many other parties going on that night. A party to me by that time meant music and fun. We stayed very good friends but lost touch after a few years. She went on to medical school at Duke University and I fell into obscurity.


Chapter 2: Brown Mountain Beach
***
June, 1983: Another cousin named David and I both graduated in the same class. As a graduation present to us, four other cousins took us camping in the North Carolina Mountains. Neither of us could afford a real graduation trip. We went to Brown Mountain Beach about an hour or so north of where we lived. It was great. It was called a beach because of all the sand deposited along its edges. It had a lot of waterfalls and open areas in which to swim. The stream was pretty broad, about thirty meters across at some points, and at places where it narrowed it would form some of the coolest class two rapids that I had ever seen. We rented inner tubes from a gas station a few miles from there and I had the best time of my life to that point. At one point in the rapids, the whole river ‘bottle-necked’ into a gap of about three meters. After that, it dropped down a forty five degree fall for ten meters then slammed head on into a vertical slab. The white, churning whirlpool then curled to the left and emptied into a deep reservoir. We all went down it many times except for David. On his first attempt, he tumbled as we all had the first time but nearly cried himself to death. He didn’t really cry but he may as well have. The rest of us had also tumbled but swam to safety but David caught a rock in the middle of the rapids and wouldn’t let go. It was pretty funny. Shivering in the middle of the rapids with his red hair washed over his face; he looked like a poor, red headed sheep dog that had to be rescued. Our answer was to throw rocks at him until he jumped back into the swirling cauldron of death. It worked. We apologized to him and told him that was the only way to get him to move. It wasn’t really but it sounded plausible. That’s when he informed us that he didn’t know how to swim. We were very confused. He had been with us fishing and swimming many times. When we discussed it, we realized he had never gone into deep water unless hanging on to something like the side of a boat. We then proceeded to tell him what an idiot he was to attempt that run on the rapids and punished him with fire wood duty. After he finished, we started the fire and they broke out the beer. I didn’t like the taste of beer that much but drank some anyway. As it neared sundown, more of my cousins showed up and brought more beer and some friends.
We all eat, drink and merry make until it’s very late. That’s when I again ran into the indefatigable Tony Russo. I hadn’t seen him in a while and didn’t recognize him initially. I hadn’t seen him since childhood with the exception of my hospital stay when I broke my neck. I barely remembered that. I looked at him closely at first, not realizing who he was. He resembled me in many respects. At six feet tall, long haired, and tanned, his eyes and stature lent the impression of strength and dignity. He seemed bold, very outgoing, and appeared very confident and sure of himself. However, I sensed an uncertainty in him as though he were compensating for some internal strife. Anyhow, I was sitting away from the group and Tony was sitting beside Tatyana. She was one of the people that had arrived with my other cousins and was absolutely gorgeous in that she had huge breasts. I could do nothing but stare. Tony, however, found his tongue and really hit it off with her. Everyone was listening to Billy Joel songs on the cassette tape player. Tatyana and Tony knew all the words so they began singing and acting foolish. I liked Tatyana but found myself too shy to even talk to her. That was okay though. Tony and her ended up spending the following night in the same sleeping bag. I imagine he had a good time. Anyhow, everyone was enjoying themselves and all is great when one of my cousins pulls out a joint and fires it up. I had never tried pot before and was curious but I still declined. I decided to sit away from the group. I felt like such a misfit. Tony and the others kept smoking but I sensed that Tony didn’t really like it. He seemed to just be doing it to fit in. The fire died down and more pot was passed around and so on and so on. I lost track of how much I was drinking and became mesmerized by all the stars in the sky. Eventually, everyone wandered off to their respective tents and passed out. Only Tony and I remained. I was still transfixed on the stars and the beauty of the night sky.
“You really don’t remember me, do you?” Tony asked walking over to me and breaking my trance.
I look at him closely for a long time but had no immediate recollection. “No. Should I?”
“I visited you in the hospital a couple of years ago but you probably don’t remember that. You were pretty out of it. We used to live in the same neighborhood as kids. You remember Malcolm Drive. You always came and got me when no one else could come out and play. We used to play in the swamps below the train tracks,” he said waiting for recognition.
“No...Sorry! I don’t remember,” I said being careful not to offend him.
“You’re kidding! We used to play all the time in the woods and swamps. Don’t you remember when we jumped from the tracks to the creek twenty feet below? We got our feet stuck so deep in the mud that we couldn’t get out for hours.” Tony said smiling.
Sudden realization hit. I couldn’t believe that I had forgotten him. “Tony...Tony Russo? Yeah, I do remember that! We had to jump 'cause a train was coming. There was a water moccasin too, I think. Yeah! We both peed on him when he came too close and scared him off.” I was so excited about finding this old friend and chastised myself for not remembering him from the start. “How have you been doing?” I didn't give him a chance to answer. “Do you remember when you came with me to my mom and step dad’s house. You bet me that I couldn’t shoot a hole in the bottom of the boat and make it to shore before it sank.”
“Yeah, you paddled for all you were worth but couldn’t make it. You never paid up for that by the way! Your step dad was livid. Not only had you sank his boat, you sank his dead father’s double barrel shotgun,” Tony said as he laughed loudly.
“I don’t know why he got so upset. His dead father didn’t need a gun anymore. I went out later and recovered the gun but never could get the boat back on shore. I swam out and hooked a rope to it and tried to drag it out with a tractor but the rope kept breaking. He never took me fishing with him after that. I wasn’t sure why though. I would never shoot the boat if he were there.”
“We went to Satchel Ford Elementary School together too but I don’t remember being there much. Do you remember Manuel Duarte? I saw when he pushed you down that hill at recess. You were scared and…”
“I wasn’t scared! I was just at a severe disadvantage. Haven’t you ever read Sun Tzu’s Art of War? You never attack up hill and you always avoid conflict if possible. I chose to walk away! It was logical!” I quickly said interrupting him mid-sentence.
“Okay…whatever. Anyway, I caught up with him after school that day. I only wanted to tell him to leave you alone but he kept acting all bully-like so I kicked his ass.” Tony said bragging.
“You did?” I asked.
“Well…not really. He threw a punch but I was too fast and ducked. My punch caught him square on the jaw and he went down like a little girl. He got up rubbing his chin and just whimpered off. No one else was around so I guess he wasn’t worried about sullying his reputation as the ‘alpha male’. He could always deny that it ever happened if I said anything.”
“I wondered why he was nice to me after that. Thank you. But I could have handled it my way too. Violence is seldom the answer to problems, you know!” I said smiling.
“But it made me feel better!” Tony was smiling broadly now and we both chuckled under our breath. “I visited you in the hospital when you broke your neck. We talked forever but you were pretty out of it. I told you some things that I probably shouldn’t have.”
“I barely remember seeing anyone but I do remember you being there a lot. I don’t remember what we talked about though,” I said as a stared into the night sky trying to recall our conversations. Still, I could only remember the feeling of sadness that I was left with. “What did we talk about?”
Tony hesitated and looked me in the face as he contemplated telling me. I could see the stress in his face. “We talked about a lot of things,” he remarked and turned his attention to the stars as I had done.
“Tell me, Tony. What was it that left me feeling so uneasy?”
“You don’t exactly remember the past as it actually happened. Do you remember when we first met? It was at the hospital when your chest was burned. I don’t remember why I was there but I know why you were there. You’re oldest sister set you on fire and shoved you under the bed to burn.”
“What? No, I set myself on fire with the camera. I remember it.” 
“That’s what you were told. It isn’t what happened.”
“How do you know?”
“I’m not sure but I remember it as if it happened to me. Maybe I overheard your parents at the hospital or something.”
“Why would she burn me?”
“She was jealous of the attention you got from your mom. Your mom definitely made it clear to all your sisters and your brother that you were special…not in the ‘short bus’ way but special in an intangible way. All the other kids were okay with it and loved you as much as she did but it made Cathy crazy. She tried to kill you, Levi.”
I was speechless. I didn’t remember things that way. I couldn’t be sure Tony was telling the truth but why would he make this up? All my life I had been told one thing and now I was being told something completely different. Somehow, though, I believed Tony without reservation. There was no logic involved. I just knew he was telling me the truth. Then, in a torrent of memories, the whole ordeal began flashing before in what I can only describe as a jumbled and erratic slide show. After overloading on those memories, I began to ask Tony more questions. “My other sister was in a fire not long after that. Was Cathy responsible for that too?”
“I don’t know. More than likely though,” Tony said and paused as if contemplating telling me more. “That isn’t all.” He paused another moment and continued saying, “I spent most of my childhood around you. There are a lot of things that you apparently don’t remember correctly. Cathy never quit resenting you and your mother. She was one of the main reasons your mom lost her mind and started overmedicating. When we were twelve, Cathy began a campaign torturing Pearl with voodoo dolls and dead chickens and stuff like that. Pearl thought she was being cursed and blamed it on your dad’s new wife. Cathy placed a bloody baby doll in your mom’s trunk with a name on it. Samantha Jane was the child from Pearl’s first pregnancy. She died at birth. Cathy used that to torture your mother.”
“Why would she do that?” Tony didn’t answer. “Why would mom and dad let her stay there around the rest of us kids? Why don’t I remember any of this?” I asked nearly in tears.
“I don’t know why they let her stay. You’d have to ask them. Why do you not remember it? Because of who you are. You see only the good in people. You’ve always been that way. You love everyone without question. You’re good and pure and you assume everyone else is too. That’s why children and animals gravitate to you. They sense the goodness and purity of your heart and trust you without reservation. You refuse to see the reality of evil even when it affects you directly.”
“How is it that you remember all this?” I asked again.
“I was there. I don’t know how or why but I was there.”
I sat in silence for a time contemplating the things Tony had just told me. Somehow, it all made sense. Knowing mom’s difficulties with rationality and reality it was the only thing that made sense.
“What are you thinking about?” Tony asked timidly.
“My mom. She’s had such a hard life and her family hasn’t made it any easier for her. She told me about her childhood a long time ago. Did she ever tell you?”
“It might help if you talk about it,” he remarked softly not saying whether he knew the story or not.
“I dread this reflection more than I can express to you, Tony. It is probably the only real tragedy that I have ever endured and it’s still painful and riddles me with guilt. Though I could have done nothing to change ‘what was’ for her, I could have changed what was to be.” 
“Pearl Rhoda Margaret Jane Featherhead Lewis was born on June 25th in the year 1938 in Soco Gap, Tennessee. Jane Featherhead was the Cherokee midwife that delivered her. I’m not sure of the other names she was given. They were probably friends of my Grandmother. Anyway, mom was the second youngest of twelve offspring born to Mae Bell and Walker ‘Doc’ Lewis. Mom’s family moved to Gastonia, N.C. shortly after that and Doc labored in the fields planting and harvesting vegetables and cotton on his small farm. One of mom’s older brothers, my Uncle Willie, went off to fight in the Korean War and never came back. This had a terrible effect on mom who was very close to him. Soon after that, her mother died of cancer. Mom was only thirteen and had already suffered two painful deaths. Her elder sisters were tasked with raising the younger children as well as their own kids while my grandfather worked from dawn till dusk in the fields. Some of mom’s favorite memories were of helping her father work the farm. He seemed to have a special love reserved for her. Kind of like her love for me. She told me of times when he would give her candy when he could not afford to buy it for everyone. There were times when they would fish by the creek after the others were sent out from the fields to return home and do their chores. She said he was the only one that would listen to her and not treat her as inconsequential. I don’t recall her ever speaking much about her mother and brother’s death but I could sense the sadness in her heart when the subject arose. I suppose that she had few strong memories from that age but the emotions from that time were even longer lasting. At the time of her mother’s death, she was forced to quit school and attend to household duties. She hadn’t done well at all in school and was considered to be a slow learner and no one had time to see to her education as should have been done. Educating a special needs child fell second to feeding his large family. Times were hard for the family then as it was for most people in the region during this time. Textiles were king in the area and cotton was at a premium but working a farm with only his sons to help him placed a great burden on Doc. He also traveled and worked picking cotton on neighboring farms. I really feel sad for him. I really think he wanted to do so much more but that was his fate. Everyone that had ever known him only had good things to say about him…including my dad and his side of the family. ‘He was such a hard worker,’ and ‘He was such a great man,’ were the most frequently spoken epitaphs.”
“During those years, mom spent much of her time picking cotton and working in the fields with her dad. I think that was probably the happiest time of her life. When she had to stay home from the fields though, that’s when her problems began. Eva, the oldest daughter, was forced to assume the duties of matriarch. At that time Aunt Eva and Uncle Clell already had four children of their own, eventually ending up with nine, and they shared the house with all of my grandfather’s kids. Mom told me stories of how Eva would make her and Mary Lou, a year older than mom, do all the cleaning and change diapers while she sat around or slept. When Doc and Clell got back in from the fields, Eva would suddenly get up and start cleaning and complain about the other kids not helping her. There were other things that mom told me too that, whether true or not, affected her mental state later in life. Mom always seemed to develop an antagonistic role for certain people during her life. She always had to have a nemesis in which to blame everything. In the beginning it was Eva. Later it was my dad and his second wife.”
“Well my mom grew up and eventually went on a double date with Mary Lou and my dad and his brother Henry. Mom was on the date with Henry and Mary Lou was with Bobby but I guess that didn’t work out to well because mom married Bobby and Mary Lou married Henry. Mom had seven kids and Mary Lou and Henry had seven. That made us double cousins which was pretty cool. Anyhow, mom started spitting out kids right away. She was quickly overcome with the stress and began taking prescription medication to relieve her tension and anxiety. By her accounts, dad didn’t help her out much. She told me stories of how she would skimp and save to buy a chicken every week because he would use his pay check for alcohol, womanizing and other unnecessary things. It may be true but there really wasn’t much money to go around at all so rent and electricity probably took most of it. As for the womanizing, if he were anything like me…that may be true. Anyhow, she swore the children’s welfare was not a priority with him. At one point she freaked out so much that she had a nervous breakdown and was admitted into the psyche ward of a hospital. By this time, she was using nerve pills pretty regularly and was out of control. This was before bipolar disorders were a valid diagnoses and she was just labeled as crazy. She had other mental illnesses too like schizophrenia and was fast developing a paranoia complex. I was born by this time and soon after my grandpa Doc died. Mom said he got to hold me before he died and I always imagined him telling me to take care of my mother which I neglected to do. By this time, my father was a policeman in Columbia and his time was mostly spent at work. As I was growing, I really never noticed anything wrong with mom because I was…well…busy growing. Looking back now, I see many indications of irregularities in her behavior that I should have noticed. She frequently had blackouts where she wouldn’t remember days at a time. Often she would go from a calm, sedate mood to a crying frenzy in a matter of minutes for no apparent reason whatsoever. Dad even had her committed at one point when I was really young. I don’t know what happened back then. Mom only told me that he did it.” 
“I suppose the first time I ever really paid attention was in the late 70’s at the end of her marriage to Earl Meetze. You had stopped coming around by this time. Mom and Earl had an argument that was so intense that he was sitting on a neighbor’s porch with a shotgun telling her to not come near him. You remember how Earl was. He was normally passive carpenter man that liked to fish and grow watermelons in his spare time. They divorced in 1979 which preceded our move to South Congaree, S.C. and then our move to Gastonia, N.C. in 1981.”
“When we moved to Gastonia, mom began seeing a doctor that sort of used her as a guinea pig. He would give her drugs for something and if that didn’t work… would change medications on her until she found something she liked. She changed medication so often it was scary. When she built up immunity to those meds he would give her something stronger or change them yet again. Things steadily got worse. Mom would go to no other physician to get a second opinion because this doctor gave her everything she wanted with no pretense of helping her mental state of being. Her personality switches became more frequent and pronounced. I really couldn’t call them mood swings because of their intensity. There were many other indicators to her imbalance all through my life but I was too busy exploring my world to notice. In time, I learned to recognize when an episode was occurring and would try to absent myself from it. Later, I learned to manipulate her. I would steer her away from subjects that I knew would incite her…namely Eva or dad. Her breakdowns would begin simply with a mention of a name and then she would talk herself into a crying frenzy which could last for a while preceding the arrival of Agatha. Yeah, I’m such a prick that I gave her personalities names. Agatha was the worst. But if I caught her transition into Agatha soon enough, I could change subjects and quell the episode.”
“Anyway, you say I’m good? I’m not. I treat her so badly. Always concerned with myself and never really trying to make her life better. Now, it may be too late. The damage done to her may be irreversible. She still is normal most of the time but the amount of time that she spends as my loving and caring mother Pearl is becoming less and less. I have been a typical selfish teenager. I can never forgive myself. The saddest part is that I could have made it better for her. The suffering that her own children has put her through is unforgivable. What you say Cathy did and what I have done is equal. Mom loved me more than anything or anyone and I’ve treated her like she didn’t exist.”
“As usual, you’re putting everything on your shoulders. What your sister did and what your mom did to herself isn’t your fault.” Tony said trying to ease my guilt.
I sat quietly again for a few minutes before asking, “Do you see that star right there? The bright one?”
“In the Orion System?” Tony asked but quickly silenced himself when he saw my inattention to him. I wasn’t necessarily speaking to him but reflecting inwardly.
“No. Dim one to the left of the belt. I don’t remember its name but it’s approximately twenty thousand light years away. We’re looking at light that left that system twenty thousand years ago. Before humans ever settled down and began farming, that light was born and began its journey here. The image that we see is what that star looked like all those millennia ago. If we could travel to that point in an instant. That star wouldn’t even be there anymore. It’s been travelling through space at fantastic speeds for two hundred centuries as have we. It may have even gone super nova ten thousand years ago and we wouldn’t know it for another ten thousand years. In fact, every star you see up there isn’t where we see it. We only see where it once was and what it used to look like. Kinda screws with our perception, doesn’t it? Even when you look closer to Earth, you can see flaws in what we think is real. What we see may not be what really is. Imagine a red crayon. You think it’s red but it isn’t. It only reflects the frequency that our vision perceives as red. It absorbs all other wavelengths. The red crayon is in fact all the other colors except red. It refuses to be red. Our perceptions are merely illusions. Nothing is real and everything is real. We see the past in the stars in the present. Our senses are keenly aware of, and believes in, everything that is not but looks lightly on that which is.”
“Now he has departed from this strange world a little ahead of us. That means nothing. People like us that believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion…Albert Einstein,” Tony added.
“That’s exactly it! But go further. We’ve established that the heavens don’t look as they appear and our perceptions are shaded with fallacy. Imagine if you closed your eyes and envisioned reality using only your imagination. Would that reality be any less true than when your eyes were open? What if, when you closed your eyes, all reality became something totally different than what your perception tells you it should be? Only when you open your eyes do you see what you perceive. If you change your perception, anything is possible.”
“Your point?” Tony asked softly.
“I’m really not sure. It makes me feel better to think like this though. Life is so much larger than just me and reality isn’t all that definite. It makes things like my sister trying to kill me seem insignificant. I wonder too if maybe mom isn’t slipping in her mental faculties but maybe has a better grasp of reality than everyone else. Maybe she can see things we can’t and Agatha and her other personalities are only manifestations of realities within each of us that we are too encumbered by perception to see. Maybe none of it matters because everything is an illusion or delusion and our perception of reality is absolutely irrelevant.”
“Wow, I thought I was the one that was stoned,” Tony said with a smile.
***
I knew it wasn’t too late to make mom’s life better. Guilt would just be something I would have to carry with me or I would have to let it go. As for Cathy’s sins, I could not erase. My chest was scarred and mom was emotionally and mentally ruined. But I could not hate her. I still loved her. I could not explain. I suppose I simply forgave her without thinking about it. I didn’t trust my perceptions of the matter and had no clue as to Cathy’s. But something in me changed that night. Although I vowed to do better by my mother, I found it increasingly difficult to stay the course of my desired righteousness. I had always thought of my world as clearly white and good. Now, I had black as well as shades of grey in which to contend. I could no longer ignore the evil in people. I could no longer ignore the evil in me. As with my mother’s welfare, I vowed to make a change. I would never allow true evil, like that of my sister’s, to enter my life and affect my actions. It was a vow that I would break unknowingly time and time again. As for Tony, he and I grew closer from that evening on and formed a bond that could never be broken. The rest of the summer, Tony and I travelled back to Brown Mountain and many other places. Our favorite place was Charleston, South Carolina. The decisions we made in Charleston would change our lives forever…especially Tony’s.
***
When we went to Charleston, I instantly fell in love with the place. It had an ambiance that was a mixture of colonial America and Southern aristocracy. It was a major port in the past dealing in the slave trade, cotton and rice industries, as well as everything else. It has kept its history alive in its architecture and parks. Having been shelled but not completely destroyed in the civil war like most Southern cities, many of the original eighteenth century buildings still stand. Famous houses in town from the Revolutionary War and before are kept in their original condition. I've always disliked the American tendency to destroy old buildings and construct modern monstrosities like a strip malls or parking lots. That isn't the case in Charleston. Everything is preserved with deference to history and posterity. However, when we first ventured there, we immediately ran into problems. We crossed the Cooper River Bridge and immediately turned the wrong way on a one way street. Upon discovering this, we turned immediately onto another street only to discover we were again going the wrong way. This happened two more times before we ended up going the same direction as everyone else. We pulled into a restaurant, put down our beers and figured we should get our bearings. After getting a bucket of chicken, we turned around and went back over the bridge towards Patriots Point. It’s a ship museum in the harbor that has a submarine, cruiser, and aircraft carrier among other vessels. Since we mainly wanted to see the carrier, we did an abridged tour of the others barely looking at anything. The carrier moored there is the USS Yorktown. It was built after the sinking of the original Yorktown in the Pacific during WWII. To make a long story short, we went everywhere on that ship that said “restricted”. The chain room was especially cool. It had chain links each the size of a small inflatable raft with each of them connected to each other in a seemingly endless snake. It took up the entire front of the ship beneath the flight deck. Where the chains exited the ship there were huge holes that looked straight down to the water six stories below. We tried to climb down them but it was too slippery. Or, we were sobering up. That probably isn’t really impressive but I loved it. The sheer size of the ship impressed me and I knew modern carriers were considerably larger. That trip was a major factor in my decision to someday serve on a carrier. A little over a year later, I took the first step to making that come true. I signed up with the United States Navy with Tony at my side.
January, 1985: With a moderate amount of arm twisting, Tony had convinced me to join the Navy with him. As we sat listening to the recruiter, I thought about the qualities that both Tony and I shared and how we differed. Some people are destined for greatness having a flair for life and an energy that comes from deep within. Others are fated for obscurity being able to summon only enough courage to face life with a shyness that borders on invisibility. Military service, it would seem, creates a niche for both types of individuals according to these traits. Generals, strategists, clerks and cannon fodder all have their places in that particular institution. Tony Russo was a young man of dangerously courageous character with the most remarkable eye for noticing the smallest of details. He fell into the first category of Generals and strategists while I, being quiet and docile in nature, happened to be in the latter. This was by no means unwelcome to me. I rather enjoy obscurity and invisibility, though cannon fodder would not be my first choice as a profession.


Chapter 3: Great Mistakes
***
March 26th, 1985: The dashing young Tony Russo and I, Leviticus Walker, had signed our lives away and were departing for adventures unknown in erotic lands via the United States Navy. By this point in my life, I had reached the pinnacle of growth in stature. At six feet tall, well-built and handsomely tanned, I thought myself to be a relatively attractive and charming individual. Tony and I were nearly identical in most of our physical attributes but his demeanor and personality were far different than my own. He was outgoing and never discouraged from a fight. Where I would seek out a resolution to a conflict or avoid it completely, Tony would choose to jump into a fray head first and question the wisdom of it later. In so many ways our personalities complimented each other when forces were joined. And in many ways, I have always aspired to be more like him.
When we reported to the Charlotte Municipal Airport to depart for what I perceived to be a great adventure, I was chosen by the recruiter to be section leader of the group of enlistees heading for the Great Lakes Naval Training Center north of Chicago. Veterans of the facility referred to it as ‘Great Mistakes’ Naval Base. There were only five of us going to Waukegan which is just north of Chicago. Since I was given a higher rank upon enlistment, I was placed in charge of the group. It was an honor for me and I assumed the role with excitement though it had no real meaning other than I got to walk onto the airplane first. When we arrived at the base, I was horrified at the verbal abuse leveled at us and all the recruits from around the nation.
We were prodded like cattle from one point to the next. First it was haircuts, then uniform issue, then here, then there. By the end of the day, most of us had to stop and think about it when asked our names. It was a confusing first couple of days. At the end of the first day, I remember sitting up on my elbows in bed looking around and thinking, 'What the hell have I gotten myself into?' Others were looking around as well with the same thought, I presume. Yet I adapted and excelled. By the third week we all excelled except for a few. I had joined the Navy with the promise that I would go to nuke school and work on a carrier. I had taken a test and scored in the top five percent of the country of those that had taken that particular test that year. This made me proud and I was glad I was still capable of intelligence after several years of relative mental idleness.
Nothing about basic training was easy though but I revelled in it never the less. Our company of men was the best at everything. The training base had fourteen training divisions, each having two companies of about a hundred and twenty men each. By the end of training, one third of all those men washed out for one reason or another. We were the best of those that survived the cut. For every contest that we won against the other companies a flag was given to us to carry while we marched. Had we been in another branch of the service we could have marched proudly onto the battlefield carrying our many flags. Of course the march would be destined to be short as no one was available to carry weapons. I imagined proudly taking the field in our white Sailor suits and asking, “Why are they shooting at us? Can’t they see our flags?” Enemy fleets would discouragingly turn away and sail for safe harbor when they saw the accolades bestowed upon us.
We did have our problems, though. Out of the eighty or so men that were left in our company, a few were real bugs. We got rid of those but one of them was mine and Tony’s friend and we determined to help him. Dale Malone was a dumpy, short, little guy that I found very witty and intelligent. However, he couldn’t pass his PT which is the physical part of our training. We were required to run two and a quarter miles in nine minutes along with a battery of calisthenics. I had my own problem with sit ups but I found a way around that. When we were out on the deck doing sit ups, several Petty Officers’ would walk around and throw a yellow flag down if you weren’t doing them correctly. Correctly means legs straight, arms crossed over your chest, and back straight. We had to do forty five in repetition. I always got sloppy at the end. I got flagged and, when the petty Officer moved on, I quickly stuck the flag down my shorts and I passed. Dale couldn’t do the run.
After he failed, he was given a second chance to pass but he knew he couldn’t do it. We talked about it and came up with a simple plan where Tony or I would take the PT for him. I convinced Tony that I should be the one to do it. I think he was a bit skeptical but I was certain I could. We would simply switch identities. Dale would cover my duties while I wore his T-shirt and carried his ID. His part was easy he just had to stand my watch. Mine was a bit trickier. The first problem was that I had to wear his shirt with his name stenciled on it but it didn’t fit me. Second, I had to hope that the person that looked at the ID didn’t look too closely. I could get in serious trouble for this and I loved every second of it. I didn’t pass the sit up part but I had already figured that one out. A little misdirection and the flag was in my shorts and I ran the laps proudly displaying my newly enlarged frontal region. I passed but now came the scary part. I had to go up to the desk and get my paper work stamped while showing Dales ID. If the guy even looked up at me after looking at the ID, I was finished. If the guy who flagged me saw me in that line, I’d be finished. If I hadn’t already been sweating, I would be sweating. He stamped ‘Passed’ on the form and I left quickly into the sunset. When I returned back to my company, I was greeted as a hero. I had thought that only Dale, Tony, and I knew what was transpiring but apparently Dale had a big mouth. I don’t know what happened to Dale after that but I hope he did well. I was traveling a reckless path but couldn’t stop. I could never seem to satisfy my need to push my luck. I wanted more danger. Thoughts of mental purity and spiritual perfection were drowned with the rush of adrenaline.
Soon after that we had all graduated and were awaiting orders so we had nothing to do for nearly a week. That’s too long for me to have nothing to do. So I put on my dress uniform and went off base, which wasn’t exactly allowed yet. I brought back a twelve pack of beer and sneaked it into the barracks. I knew all the ‘ins and outs’ by then so wasn’t a problem. After taps, we all drank a toast to each other. We wished each other fair winds and calm seas. Twelve beers divide eighty times doesn’t leave a big toast but it was the thought that counted.
The following day, everyone received their orders except me. Instead, I was given a summons to the legal department. I reported the next day in my full dress uniform. It wasn’t the dress uniform that the Officers wore which I loved but the kind that parents dress their toddlers. I stood outside in the hall at attention until invited in. It seemed like an eternity and all the while my mind was racing as to what to the reason. My assumption was that they had found out about mine and Dales little bit of trickery. But that didn’t make sense because he had gotten his orders. When I was finally asked to enter, they wasted no time telling me why I was there. It seems that while doing my exit physical one of the doctors saw the scars on my forehead and knew what they were. After doing an x-ray, he found the healed fracture to my neck that I had suffered at sixteen years old. I had not mentioned it to the Navy before because my recruiter advised against it. They quickly informed me that I could not attend nuke school because I enlisted under false information. I understand now that it was necessary for them to do that. Working with highly sensitive materials and classified information requires complete trust which I had broken. At that time, however, I didn’t understand. I was crushed. Not only had I lost my nuke training but any hopes I had to ever wear an Officer’s uniform were dashed as well. They told me my only option was to stay there and go to Apprentice Training which was an engineering school. I said, “Sure,” with absolutely no enthusiasm and left. I had two weeks liberty so I went home to North Carolina and spent most of it dangling my legs over the cliffs on Crowder’s Mountain.
***
When I returned to Great Lakes, it was with dread. I wanted my freedom again and had no real desire to do the Navy’s bidding. I went to school and made the top five percent of the class…not because I tried but because it was that easy. Since I was in the top of my class, I was given a choice of duty. I could serve on the DD Oldendorf which is a destroyer based in Yokohama, Japan; or I could take an 'A' school in Memphis, Tennessee. Any tour on a ship meant galley duty for the first three months. That was a job I was willing to do for carrier duty but not on a destroyer so I chose the ‘A’ school. The ‘A’ school in Tennessee was for avionics so at least I have a much better chance of getting posted to a carrier. Tony transferred with me.


Chapter 4: Memphis Naval Air Station
***
March, 1986: Two of the other guys flying to Memphis were Jerry Oslo and Billy Kroger. They were to become my best friends for the next two years. The loss of my nuke school had left me bereft. Alcohol became my companion when I should have been seeking more spiritual guidance. I should have turned to God. Instead, I turned away. When we reached Memphis, we had twelve hours before we had to report to base so we hit the airport bar. Billy and I got dates with two of the waitresses and went to their house after their shift was over. Jerry went on to the base. Anyhow, Billy and I went on our date and ended up reporting late to base by three hours and still tipsy. We gave an excuse but I don’t remember what and they gave us our billet assignments. It was either a good excuse or they really didn’t care. From then on it was just one adventure after another.
Our first day was routine. Kroger and Oslo had different billeting assignments than Tony and I but we were still all in the same building. The feel of the place was very much like a college dormitory but with stricter discipline and more limited shared space. Our sleeping quarters were college sized dorm rooms but five or six people were assigned to each room rather than two. Tony and I were bunked with four really cool guys but I never really got to know them. I had my small group of friends that I trusted implicitly. Even at this point, I was very particular about whom I considered friends and my people had proven themselves as friends over and over again.
Billy Kroger was from Long Island, New York, and had a very recognizable New York accent. He stood about six feet tall, had dark hair and eyes, and could have passed himself off as my brother. The only real difference was that I was far better looking, of course. Billy had a real zest for adventure. I seldom saw him sitting around watching television or chatting with the guys. It seemed to drive him crazy to have to sit through classes for ten hours a day. It did most of us but he was particularly antsy.
Jerry Oslo, on the other hand, was a much more serene and seemed to be more adept to the class room. He came from a place called Hobart Junction, Indiana. Hobart is a little town right in the Southern tip of Lake Michigan and that is its biggest claim to fame. I’ve been there many times in subsequent years and was never impressed with it. Many of the cities and towns in the North lacked the one thing I loved…space. There seemed to be and endless expanse of dwellings and buildings with very few open spaced areas with no forests and few parks. Humans were everywhere. Of course the entire North isn’t like that but it does seem that humans clustered a lot more up there. But away from the cities, Indiana and Illinois both have huge regions devoted to farming where you might see miles of corn before you passed a single homestead. It was relatively flat and featureless but that too has its charms. Jerry’s mother was Mexican and died when he was very young. His father, a Caucasian American who had labored in the steel industry all his adult life. Jerry looked a lot like ‘Prince’ the singer and was very proud of that fact.
Our first self-assigned mission was to get to the airstrip and see the fighter aircraft. That was easy enough to find but difficult to get there. It was on the north side of the base over a mile away. At this point, we were required to stay in uniform and hiking the distance was not our first choice. Fortunately, we discovered they had a shuttle bus that ran every hour to the north side...great. I was surprised a bit at what I saw. Not only was there fighter jets and sub chasers coming and going constantly but also a lake and an eighteen-hole golf course. Me and a friend of mine from high school used to play golf a lot and I had some very fond memories of playing golf cart polo while singing the Flintstones theme at the top of our lungs. We even managed to ‘roll’ the golf cart on more than one occasion. I could only imagine how much fun I was going to have with these guys. The lake was called Navy Lake. Real creative, I know. But it was nicknamed ‘Gravy Lake’ by the locals because it was shallow and muddy. At the lake, they had boat rentals and beer machines. What better combination could we have asked for? The lake was right at the end of the main runway so all the fighters were about a hundred feet above our heads as they either took off or landed. That depended from which direction the wind was blowing. It was awesome!
On one of our excursions, I lost my wallet in the lake. In it were my ID and my dinner ‘chit’. In the Navy, we had to use a ‘chit’ for everything. A ‘chit’ is simply a card that we carry that gives us access to privileges on that particular base. Without it we couldn’t eat. It wasn’t really that big of a deal and was easy to replace but my Company Commander had a policy of reprisal for those careless enough to lose theirs. It was only imposed to teach his Sailors to be more responsible…not as a punishment. There were about fifteen or twenty others in the same predicament as I and we were all given the same task to earn our dinner chit back. We had to get the prices for a hamburger combo for all the restaurants on base. It was a pretty easy task except that there were fifteen restaurants on base. One restaurant, The Nineteenth Hole, was on the other side of the golf course where the shuttle bus didn’t go. All the other guys immediately set out to go to each restaurant to complete their missions. I, however, had a different idea. I got on the phone and called each restaurant and got the prices and returned to the Commanders office fifteen minutes later. I told the commander that his exact orders were, “Get the prices”; not, “Go to each place and get the prices”. I was a bit surprised when the commander actually commended me for my efficiency and speed at which I carried out his orders. He said no one had ever thought to do that before even though that is what he had intended with the order. His second in command wasn’t so pleased. He thought I was just being a smart ass but he was a wiener so I didn’t care. Truthfully, I was just being a smart ass. The other Sailors staggered in hours later tired, sweaty, and exhausted.
***
After a few months of sightseeing; Billy, Jerry and I were getting bored with doing the same old stuff. So one night, after leaving a nightclub in Memphis, we thought it would be cool to see the lights on the airstrip at night. When we got there it was dead. There were no lights or activity whatsoever. Needless to say, we were disappointed. We walked around a while and were surprised at the lack of security. We climbed up on the two F-14 Tomcat fighters that were there and some other planes too. It was pretty neat. The movie “Top Gun” had been out only a little while and we all wanted to be Tom Cruise. We then got the bright idea to climb up the light tower to look at the whole area. At the time we were carrying a bottle of tequila and had already drank quite a bit before then. We were breathing pretty hard by the time we reached the top. At the top was a huge double ended spotlight about a meter in diameter just like you would see at any airport. It took some doing but I climbed on top of it. It was a very precarious assent because it was smooth and tubular with very little to grab. I reached down and gave Billy a hand up. Just before we could reach down and help Jerry up, the light turned on and started spinning. At first we thought we had been caught but then we saw an aircraft coming in to land, then another, then another, and then another. The light kept spinning for probably forty five minutes and we couldn’t get off. We had the tequila so we were good but Jerry had to go dry. It was pretty cool. We got to see the whole base three hundred and sixty degrees and didn’t have to turn our heads. The aircraft that were coming in to land were P-3 Orion’s that we assumed had been down in the Gulf of Mexico looking for submarines. That bit of insight was soon shadowed by the realization that really big lights get really hot really fast. But we couldn’t get off without falling to our deaths. Fortunately, we were wearing jackets and we were able to separate our butts from the fire burning beneath us. When the world finally stopped spinning, the drinks were gone and it was time to go home. On the way back we discovered an abandoned lookout tower that was seven stories high. The world was still spinning so we decided to save that for another time.


Chapter 5: Mississippi Mud
***
After a hundred and eighty days on base, we were allowed to wear civilian clothing again. I had just bought a brand new car and it was time for us to venture off of the base. After a few days of driving around and seeing the sights, Billy, Jerry, and I happened upon a state park that was on the Mississippi River. It was far enough away from civilization that we could conceivably go camping. Some days later, that is exactly what we did. With brand new equipment and an ample supply of bourbon, we set off to commune with nature. I drove my new car deep into the woods until the terrain forced us to stop. Then we hiked for a short distance until we were all standing on the shore of the mighty and majestic Mississippi. It was absolutely incredible. I had been on the river many times and was awestruck each and every time. The power of the river rushing by and the expanse of it was impressive to say the least. The moon was full that night and just cresting above the trees on the other side casting a magical shimmer over the surface. It looked like thousands of sparkling diamonds on a journey to the sea and was absolutely breath taking. After the campfire was built and we were sufficiently mellow, we found a huge tree overhanging the river. The lowest branch was about twenty feet up and was nearly that high above the diamond covered black waters. We were prepared for this. A fifty foot nylon rope was one of our earlier purchases just in case we had the need. Billy tied a foot hole in one end then threw the rope over the lower limb. I was the first to go up then the bourbon then the other guys followed. We had chosen bourbon specifically for the occasion. Memphis is known for rhythm and blues and bourbon is its flavor. We all settled in, with Oslo on the bottom limb, Kroger on the limb above him, and I aloft above both well over the water. We just spent the evening enjoying the view and talking. I don’t remember anything we spoke of but do vividly remember the tranquility and peace that I felt. But even that’s not the most memorable part of the evening. When an individual drinks large quantities of fluids it is necessary to excrete those fluids whether by sweating or other means. When the moon was high above us, I felt that need to excrete by other means. I stood up on the limb carefully and was very proud of my impeccable balance. After warning the gentlemen below me, I proceeded to unzip when I slipped and fell to the bottom limb nearly shaking Jerry off. I had grabbed the limb with my left hand and was dangling there over the water. My boots were in the water acting as an anchor. As hard as I tried, I couldn’t pull them out. I was being stretched diagonally between the river and the sagging limb. I must have looked comical. The limb that had grabbed was pretty wide and was wet with the nights dew so when I went to reach up with my right hand, I slipped into the water. The moment I hit the water I was instantly whisked away. I was and still am a very strong swimmer so I really wasn’t concerned but I swam straight toward the shore and watched as the coastline, not fifteen feet away, flashed past me in a blur. I finally made it to shore but it was at least a hundred yards downstream. I sat on the shoreline catching my breath when Billy and Jerry, my noble band of ‘merry men’, came running through the darkness. They too were out of breath and also was amazed at the speed the river carried me. After catching our breath, one of us started laughing and in moments we were all laughing and throwing mud at each other. So there we were, the three amigos, sitting in the mud laughing hysterically and making jokes and being at total peace with nature. That was the first time that I found myself in the muddy water of the mighty Mississippi.
***
In the months after falling in the Mississippi River on the camping trip, Tony and I explored many places in the area but mostly down by the riverside. He was doing it as part of his assignment. He had been recruited into the Naval Investigative Service and was tasked with weeding out drug dealers trafficking their wares to military personnel. Due to the complexity of his adventures, I’ve put his detailed story into the novel following this one. It’s titled Love, War, and Treasure too. Although Tony was doing it for work, I was just wanting to explore. It was fun for me. When the water was low, locals would build bonfires on the shore. They would fish and drink and laze the day away. It was practically in the city and I was surprised the police or the city would allow it. The city was pretty relaxed about everything. They would throw three day block parties and would block off the whole downtown area, have R&B shows, and sell beer on the side of the street. Nearly every Monday, city workers would be seen clearing dozens of beer bottles from around the feet of Elvis’ giant bronze statue on Beale Street. Back down on the river, we discovered the entrance, or exit rather, of the city’s main storm drain runoff system. We visited this place on more occasions than I care to admit. It was huge and went back hundreds of meters under the city where it branched off in all directions. There was a concrete shelf on each side to walk on or to sleep on if necessary. We encountered a lot of homeless people and always shared whatever we had with them. Tony would introduce himself as Jean Val Jean. A few of the dislodged unfortunates understood the reference to Les Miserables but most did not. In the book, Jean Val Jean was imprisoned for nineteen years for stealing a loaf of bread to feed his starving family. He escaped from prison and eluded his captors through the sewers of Paris.
For the most part, the underworld dwellers were honest and good people that had either been dealt a raw deal from society or just chose to separate themselves from society. Many drank too much and others had drug problems. That was their choice. There was help available if they chose to get it but usually, when life kicks a person hard enough, they quit trying. The fishermen down by the river were good people too. Many of them lived in the underworld of Memphis and just fished for their daily food. Some of the people that fished were regular people that loved the river as I did. I loved the idea of just lazing the day away fishing, hoping no fish would disturb me. I would imagine myself sitting on the bank of the river a hundred or a hundred and fifty years past watching the steamships rolling past. Huckleberry Finn would be on is log raft with Tom Sawyer and the slave man Jim.
***
I made many trips exploring the river side north of Memphis as well. In fact, the first time that I ever had a gun pointed at me in anger was on just such an expedition. Billy, Jerry, and I were hiking around the mud cliffs surrounding the flood plain of the Mississippi River north of Memphis. After clawing our way up a hundred feet of crumbling clay, I crested the escarpment and looked straight into a nine millimeter pistol. From my vantage point, it appeared to be a canon. Rather than dropping onto my buddies, I continued over the top. The man seemed very defensive in his posture so I figured he was only trying to protect something. What? I didn’t know. After Billy and Jerry reached the top, we all stood there breathing heavily and wondering why this well-dressed man was pointing this weapon at us. I was wondering why he pointed it at me almost exclusively. Was I particularly offensive? I was sweaty and muddy but no more than my compatriots. Did I have an unreasonably threatening or repulsive facade? I didn’t think I was any uglier than the others but maybe I was. Anyhow, the man was visibly shaking and that didn’t ease my trepidation about the gun being pointed at me.
“What’s the problem, sir?” ask asked innocently.
 “You’re trespassing!” he stated.
The three of us found that so absurd that it was amusing but when we laughed he raised his gun higher so we quickly changed our smiles to frowns to make him feel better. Looking around, I realized we had popped up in his back yard so I complimented him on his awesome view of the river.
“Why are you here?” he asked still pointing the gun at me with his hand shaking.
“We’re just exploring,” I answered quickly. We showed him our military identification and he seemed to defuse.
“Sorry boys. My house was just recently broken into and my wife raped. You can see why I’m a bit on edge.”
He was right. I couldn’t blame him. I was lucky he didn’t blow my head off when I peaked over the edge of his yard.
“I heard y’all coming up the hill for a while so I didn’t really think you were trying to sneak up on anyone.”
“See, he liked my rendition of Gilligan’s Island,” I told Billy and Jerry. I had been singing it rather loudly as we climbed, much to Jerry and Billy’s consternation.
“I didn’t say I liked it. Just said I heard it,” said the now relaxed man with the big gun. We apologized and left the gentleman to his personal demons and went back down the cliffs. It was a lot more fun going back down. The red clay was like a sliding board and the almost vertical incline gave us enough speed that we shot off the curved base and flew through the air like really stupid birds. Landing was much less fun. I made a mental note to tell Tony about the crime committed against this man and his wife. Maybe he could get involved with the investigation.


Chapter 6: River pirates
***
May, 1987: On another excursion of ours, I had the most foolhardy and the most memorable experience while in the Navy. Kroger, Oslo, and I found ourselves staring at a ‘showboat’ docked on the river. We had just left a night club at 2:00 AM and had walked to the river, leaving my car in the clubs parking lot. The showboat was the typical riverboat that travelled the river in the nineteenth century. It had a paddle wheel on the stern and was a complete working replica.
“Let’s take her for a spin,” Kroger suggested. I liked the idea but wasn’t too sure we could handle her with only a crew of three.
“I don’t think only the three of us can handle her. We need at least three engineers below decks, two men on the bridge, plus a pilot to navigate,” I responded knowing that we probably needed even more than that. It was a big boat.
“Not the whole boat, you dumb ass…just the dingy.”
“That makes more sense.” But I now had set my sights on steering the big boat and was a little disappointed.
“We couldn’t take the riverboat anyway. Look” said Oslo pointing at two large pipes connecting it to shore. “Those are permanent lines probably for electricity and water,” he added.
“It must be a casino,” I reasoned. Gambling is illegal on both sides of the river but if you’re floating anywhere on the river it’s perfectly legal.
“Oslo, run back to the car and grab the case of beer. Walker and me’ll see about wenching the life boat down,” Kroger ordered as if in command.
“Okay but I’m not running.”
“It’s three blocks, Jerry!” Kroger bellowed.
“You two are always having me run here and run there. I want to walk!”
“Let him walk, Kroger. I have a little bottle of Scotch in my back pack. That should last us ten minutes.”
“Alright, walk but hurry up about it. The longer we stay here, the more chance of getting caught!”
“Argh, we ship out at two bells, matey. With oor withou ya!” I added using my never tried pirate lingo.
“What’s two bells?”
“Not what, laddie. When.”
“When what?”
“Two bells!”
“What?” Oslo asked again.
“Yar tryin’ me patience laddie. Get yar land lubbin arse ta movin’ oor you’ll be walkin’ the plank before ya ha a chance ta hear two bells.”
Kroger and I laid low until Oslo returned. The casino was visible from the highway but there was very little traffic that early in the morning. Upon his return, we began to cross the pipes that seemed to shrink the moment that we stepped on them. That was the second time I ended up in the river. The first being on our camping trip weeks earlier. It was no big deal since the current was considerably more docile here and it was only about a meter deep and out of the main river channel. Anyway, I got back to shore and started over. When we were all aboard, we toured the boat awhile, being careful to make no noise and to leave little evidence of our being there. Our intention was to merely borrow the dingy and the return it with only a little gas missing. I have to admit it was pretty fun.
“Walker, go up top and man the wench. Oslo and me’ll push her over the side,” Kroger ordered. I didn’t mind him taking charge. I felt comfortable being in a subordinate role.
“Aye Aye, Captain.” I made my way aloft swing from chains and ropes, avoiding the ladder. Once up top, I proceeded to unlock the wench and raise the dingy from off the deck. “Thar she swings, maties. Heave the lanyard and bring to afore she clubbers the mainsail. I’ll go for’d and top the sheets on the spritsail to cover the wash. Mind yar toes lessen they get marshed ‘tween ship and the brig.” I said making absolutely no sense.
“What the hell does that mean?” Oslo asked.
“Where’d you learn all that old Navy jargon?” queried Kroger.
I had been using a lot of terms though out our little boarding adventure but they really didn’t mean anything or I used it incorrectly. I figured neither of my compatriots would know the difference. “C. S. Lewis’s Horatio Hornblower series. You never read it? It’s awesome. He was a low born sailor that eventually made it to be a Lord of the Admiralty in the old British Navy. Sailed with Lord Nelson during the Napoleonic Wars. Peed on his cuts whenever he was wounded to sterilize the wound. I’m sorta hopin’ that one of you will get hurt so I can pee on you. Most of what I’m saying is just nonsense, anyway. I know the names of stuff but I don’t know what it is or does for the most part. Like this boat doesn’t have a main sail or a sprit sail but it does have a bow sprit. There’s also a series of the life of Jack Aubrey by Patrick O’Brian that is absolutely brilliant. Y’all should learn to read. It’ll open up entire new worlds for you.”
“Well, maybe occasionally you can say something that we can understand,” Oslo suggested.
“Why? Y’all don’t listen to me anyway.” 
 “Everybody hit the deck,” Kroger abruptly but quietly said and we all dropped flat on our stomachs. A police cruiser pulled into the parking lot from the main highway. After a few minutes of looking over the lot, he pulled away and continued down the highway.
“That was close! We need to be more careful. Let’s get this thing down and out into the river.” Every time a car passed on the riverside highway, we would all freeze until it passed. With the dingy level with deck, Billy and Jerry were able to board. Once we were in the water, I had a bit of a conundrum. The deck, twenty feet below me, was another twenty feet above the water. The dingy was floating away since we couldn’t start the motor until we were out in the river. Starting it before that could possibly give us away. Not having time to make it to the deck and slide down the ropes, I stood there momentarily deciding what to do.
“Jump,” Kroger yelled in a muffled voice.
“I can’t. That’s a wooden boat. I’ll go through the deck.”
“Jump in the water. You’re already wet,” Oslo laughed out.
With that suggestion. I jumped without qualm into the muddy water once again. With quite a bit of effort, I was able to get into the boat without swamping it. Breathing heavily, I collapsed in the center of the boat with my feet propped up on the bulkhead. We floated downstream quite a ways before we tried to start the motor. Billy was more familiar with boats than any of us so he manned the engine. Jerry was already in the bow of the boat so he was tasked with flotsam watch. In the Mississippi, there is a lot of debris floating down, mostly trees and vegetation. It’s important to avoid these things. They could sink a wooden boat or at the very least foul the engine. That left me in the middle to be Isaac, the ships bartender. When Memphis was out of earshot, Kroger pulled the rip cord for the motor. Nothing happened. He tried again. Nothing happened again but this time it was louder. The third time he tried, nothing happened so loud we all heard it.
“Check the gas tanks,” I told Kroger. At that moment it occurred to me that checking the tanks should have been a little higher up on our check list.
“They’re both full,” he answered scratching his head.
By this time we were pretty far down stream. The city lights were only a soft glow on the horizon and we were blanketed in the faint light of a starry, black canopy. After sitting and thinking a while, Billy jumped up and rushed over to check the fuel lines.
“The valve was closed!”
“We’ve been floating derelict for twenty minutes and you just now think of that? You’re the boat guy. Shouldn’t that have occurred to you ten miles back?” I asked.
He shrugged and said, “It must have been that last beer I drank. If you were a better bartender and got my beer to me faster, I would have thought of it sooner.” Then he cranked up the boat.
The next couple of hours we just cruised up and down the river. We used the motor to go upstream and let the river carry us back down. It was nearly pitch black out so there wasn’t really too much that we could see. It was more the feeling we got from being on the river.
“I feel like Huckleberry Finn,” I remarked.
 “I guess that makes me Tom Sawyer,” Kroger added.
 “I feel like George Washington crossing the Delaware,” Oslo added.
“Washington? Really,” I scoffed. “If I’m good ole Huck and Kroger’s Tom that makes you…”
“Don’t say it! I know you’re from the South but I hate that word.” Kroger interrupted.
“I was going to say Jim the escaped slave. I hate that word too. Do you think all Southerners use that word?”
“Well, yeah!”
“We don’t. Mark Twain used it ‘cause that was the proper lingo at the time. Most of us find it just as offensive as you Yanks do.”
“Can I say something?” Oslo meekly asked.
“Sure Jim. Go ahead. You’re a free man until the authorities find you,” I said quickly. Kroger laughed. Oslo did not.
“I don’t want to be a slave. You guys already treat me like one.”
“Then it shouldn’t be a stretch for you.” I quickly remarked.
“Maybe we shouldn’t antagonize Jim. He might let us run aground,” Kroger suggested.
“Okay, how ‘bout we make you a General then. General Jim, Commander of the Army of Escaped Slaves of the Mississippi. What are our orders, Gen’ral Jim?” I asked.
“Bite my ass!”
“Not sure that’s a legal order, sir. Do you mean both me and Walker should bite your ass or just Walker?”
“Should we bite it as a group, one to each cheek, or should we line up and bite it individually, sir?”
“I give up. Pass me a beer, Isaac.” Gen’ral Jim ordered.
“Isaac? Cool! The Love Boat. Kroger that makes you Captain Stubing and Oslo is Julie. She was kinda’ hot in the later episodes. I’d gladly bite her ass. You do kinda look sexy in this light Gen’ral Jim,” I said.
“Don’t act all gay on me, Walker. I’ve seen you and my sister when you thought I wasn’t looking. Not to mention my girlfriend’s best friend that you’re supposed to be dating exclusively.”
“When we go up there, I stay at your house. There’s gonna be some contact between me and your sister. And Michelle’s girlfriend and I aren’t dating. We just ‘exchange gifts’ when I’m in town. Speaking of Michelle, the next time you call her, tell her I said hi.”
“What’s that?” Oslo said peering out over the river. He had a good eye and had prevented us from hitting many obstacles along our voyage. This wasn’t something he had seen before. “Hard to port,” he commanded.
Billy turned the boat to the left and we inched our way cautiously. 
“It looks like a submarines conning tower.”
“Our subs don’t come up the river.”
“You don’t reckon it’s Soviet, do you?”
“I thought the river was too shallow for a sub.” Oslo said.
“Me too.”
“It could be a midget sub like the Japanese used in World War Two.”
“What would the Russians want way out here?”
“Could be spying on our base.”
“Pull up alongside it slowly, Tom.”
“Oh, you mean me,” Kroger said after hesitating a bit.
“Yeah, stay in character. Gen’ral Jim, toss me the bow lead.”
“The what?”
“The rope, Jim. Toss me the rope.” “Hold her steady, Tom.” I had no real plan in my head but no sooner had those words left my mouth that I jumped over the bulkhead and latched onto the rail of the submarines conning tower. The rope slipped from my free hand but my beer remained firmly grasped.
“What the hell, Huck,” Kroger screamed.
I was immediately caught off guard as my momentum rolled the submarine sideways completely submerging me on the opposite side. Then, with me still hanging firmly on, it pulled me back out of the water slapping me the other way up against my own boat. Then I fly back the other direction to be reunited with the lovely, dark river. This goes on a few more times until a balance was agreed upon. Billy had moved the boat off a bit so I wouldn’t be killed slamming against it which I thought was a very polite thing to do.
“I don’t think it’s a submarine, guys,” I said coughing river water from my lungs.
“No shit?”
“I believe we just captured a Shoal marker.” It took a full ten minutes before Tom Sawyer could manuever the boat once again alongside the buoy and get me safely back on board. We looked at each other each in turn then busted out laughing. The speed at which the water was moving downstream had caused this object, which I discovered to be stationary, to appear as if it were moving forward at great speed. There are so many reasons why that couldn’t have been a submarine and so many clues telling us it wasn’t. But in our youthful, patriotic impulsiveness as well as drunken stupor; we saw what we wanted to see.
“I don’t know whether you’re crazy or just stupid,” Kroger remarked still laughing.
“Not sure I know either, Tom. I think I’ve been in the river enough for one night. Y’all ready to head back?”
“You know, this is a pretty motor,” Kroger mentioned caressing the plastic casing lovingly.
“Pretty?” Oslo and I looked at each other.
“Yeah, pretty. Look at the lines and curves. And she’s a work horse. She’s worked all night long and hasn’t sputtered once. She’s just perfect.”
“Walker, I think Kroger’s getting horny for the boat motor.”
“I believe so. Kroger, you know this can’t end well. You know how hard mixed marriages are these days. Think of the lives of your children. Maybe in a few years things will be different but not now.”
“What would your parents say, Billy?” Oslo added.
“It’s Tom,” I corrected.
“Oh, sorry. What would your parents say, Tom?”
“I’m sure they wouldn’t approve of the way we met but in time they’d come to love her as much as I do.”
We all chuckled a bit but Oslo and I watched as Kroger continued caressing the shiny black plastic.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Oslo said in disbelief.
“What?” I asked.
“I know that look. He’s trying to figure something out.”
“If we get her up to your car, Walker, I can get her home. I have a two week liberty coming. I could take her to Long Island with me.”
“You’re gonna take a fat, three hundred pound boat motor with you on a plane? You’ll have to buy two seats just for her.”
“Technically, he’ll just be renting them. He doesn’t get to keep the seats,” Oslo interjected.
“Thanks Gen’ral Jim,” I said sarcastically only turning my attention to Oslo for a moment.
“I could drive your car to Long Island,” Kroger smiled sheepishly.
“Okay. What the hell. Let’s do it!” I shrugged and agreed because I really had no use for the car. I had only bought it for excursions like this and I doubted we have any more until Kroger returned. So it was no big deal. “Beach the boat about two miles south of Memphis.” 
“Two miles? Couldn’t we get closer? I know you guys are going to send me running after the car,” Oslo pleaded.
“You’re lighter than we are. The lesser amount of force needed to propel you as well as the lesser amount of drag from wind resistance makes you the most efficient vehicle to make the run.
“Yeah, Oslo. And this is a perfect distance from Memphis. We need to be far enough that the police cruisers won’t be patrolling. Two miles south is about their limit,” Kroger answered.
“Damn.”
The spot we chose to beach the boat was ideal in that it was close to the road but still not visible from the road. A steep embankment lay between the two. Jerry Oslo started his journey and we immediately saw the flaw in our plan as Jerry fought and grappled with the great embankment between him and the road.
“I see a flaw in our plan,” Billy Kroger said unnecessarily.
“Yeah, I see it too. Let’s just focus on getting the motor off and we’ll deal with that later.”
With no tools we were forced to stand there and curse at the boat for twenty minutes until the motor miraculously fell off. Then, with the motor free and the empty gas tanks ashore, we set her adrift into the swift current.
“Bye, Lady Tamborine,” Kroger said as he waved goodbye.
“Lady Tamborine?”
“Yeah, it rhymes with submarine.”
“Oh then, that makes perfect sense and no it doesn’t. Bye Lady Tamborine. Tell you what. We’ll meet you in New Orleans in three days. We’ll have a party. Call me!”
Kroger looked at me with what I could only assume was jealousy.
“Hey, you got the motor. At least let me stand the boat up on a date.”
Now we turned our attention back to the job at hand, getting Kroger’s fat girlfriend up a mountain. The embankment that we have to lug this five million pound motor up is a fifty foot high, sixty degree wall of mud and brush. Every time we gained a meter, we would slide back a half that distance. But we did it, as torturous as it was. Then, we went back down for the tanks. As we returned to the top, Jerry pulled up.
“What took you so long,” Kroger asked.
“I fell asleep,” Oslo answered quickly.
“While running or while driving?” I asked.
“In between the two.”
“Let’s get this thing loaded before anyone else comes down the road.”
We quickly loaded up and again filled my new car with a fresh layer of mud.
After the ‘submarine’ encounter, nothing happened for a while. Kroger took my car and the boat motor to New York. Oslo and I stayed around the base looking for stuff to do. One night, we went up that lookout tower we saw after the light tower experience. There were other people up there already. The top deck was a twenty by twenty open wooden deck and was apparently a well-known spot for Sailors and their female counterparts to sit around, look out at the vista, and drink. We couldn’t have any lights and couldn’t make too much noise because of our exposed position. So we just sat around talking. Well, they talked and I listened.


Chapter 7: Rambo and Obi Wan Ken Obi
***
June, 1986: Tony and I went back to Great Lakes Naval Training Base. Tony had a job to do for NIS but I wanted to go by Jerry Oslo’s house in Indiana. He had been on sick leave from pneumonia that he'd contracted, probably from some of our night time excursions. He was better now but still had a week’s sick leave left.
Jerry knew a man in central Indiana that had a large corn farm. In the middle of the farm was a small pond surrounded by large oak and elm trees. Jerry, three of his high school buddies, and I went there to go camping for the weekend. It was so cool. There was nothing but corn from horizon to horizon with this little plot of trees being the only relief in sight. The farm house wasn’t even anywhere in sight. We drove for miles and miles down a worn and winding tractor road before reaching our destination. The grove of trees and the pond only covered about ten acres but it was like an oasis in a desert of corn. I remember wishing Kroger was there to see it but he didn’t come up north with us often anymore. We set up camp and started to go swimming but discovered the pond had dried to nothing more than a mud puddle. It was getting dark by then and the mosquitoes were ferocious so we left the bushy undergrowth and took to the trees. We still had all our original camping gear including the rope so we hoisted the cooler and a lantern up. Once we got up about twenty feet we could feel the breeze and could breathe again. This trip took place in midsummer and it was oppressively hot. All of the trees seemed to have their branches at the same level so that when we reached one level we could see through all the trees to the outside of the glade. We kept climbing up until we reach the upper most canopies. We weren’t all in the same tree either. We had separated into 3 different adjacent trees once we decided we were going all the way up. That way there wouldn’t be five guys sitting on a few thin limbs hugging the top of one tree. We left the cooler full of beer in the bough of my tree and opted to tie the rope to the neck of the half gallon bottle of tequila and pull it up and swing it from tree to tree for our refreshment. Pretty smart, eh? Smart except for the part about five guys sitting in the very tops of the trees drinking straight tequila…but other than that…smart!
I don’t know what it is about being in the top of a tree, or on the edge of a cliff, or on the top of a tower or tall building. I always get a sense of calmness and a sense of oneness with the natural world around me. The green lush trees with their layers of foliage and its canopy looked like something straight out of a National Geographic article on the Brazilian rainforest. It was truly breathe taking. After darkness set in, the temperature dropped quickly and the moisture in the air started condensing on every surface. It was so pleasant now and I could hear it in the other guys voices as well. They spoke softer and less hurriedly and seemed as relaxed as I was. But they grew weary of it after a couple of hours and descended. I remained. I sat there for another hour or so, said goodnight to the stars, then descended into the darkness below.
As I went down, I saw they had a pretty good fire going on the other side of the pond. For some reason I wanted to play Rambo. Really not surprising since I always want to play Rambo. I stealthily inched me way to the shore opposite them, moving ever so slowly so they wouldn’t detect my movement. The human eye detects motion even before the brain recognizes the movement. I proceeded with extreme caution and patience like a sniper getting into position. When I reached the water, I slowly smeared the black mud all over my face and neck and arms. Slowly, step by careful step, I rounded the pond. They were all sitting around the fire in a circle so I had to be careful the ones on the other side didn’t see me as I approached. They would be partially blinded by the bright light of the flames. They would still be able to see me as I neared the fire. That meant I had to move extremely slow and with my eyes squinted so they couldn’t see the whites of my eyes. From the tree line to the edge of the camp it must have taken me nearly a half hour. I could swear Auggie was looking straight at me but couldn’t see me. I was invisible again. Once I was standing directly over Jerry, with Auggie staring straight at me, I opened my eyes and smiled. When I saw fear pass across Auggie's face, the kind someone has when they think they’re looking at an apparition, I let out a blood curdling Indian war cry at the top off my lungs. It scared the crap out of everyone. Jerry jumped clear over the fire and the guy next to him stepped in the fire. After everyone calmed down and stopped threatening to kill me, we all had a good laugh. Auggie told me he had looked right at me but only noticed that a tree wasn’t moving like the others. From his seated perspective, I appeared to be the same height as the trees. I should have taken that into account and swayed a bit. But anyway, that livened up the party a bit and we stayed up a few more hours talking. Well, they talked and I listened. I slept outside because I was again covered in mud and there wasn‘t enough water in the pond to rinse off well enough. In the morning, we decided to head back north. There just wasn’t enough to do to keep us occupied. By ten o’clock we were bored to tears. There is only so much you can do in a cornfield.
***
Soon after that Great Lakes trip, my luck started changing for the worse. I’m not sure whether it was because I was getting careless or just too bold. My level of stupidity hadn’t changed but my drinking had. It probably seems I couldn’t possibly drink more but one should never underestimate me at anything.
A friend of ours was getting married at the end of the summer in 1986. Jerry, Billy, and I were sitting outside of Alfred’s nightclub on the deck trying to decide what to get as a wedding gift. I realized the patio furniture we were sitting on would make a perfect gift. I brought up the idea of re-tasking a few items to them and remarkably they liked the idea. The only problems we had were that it wasn’t ours and that it was in the middle of downtown Memphis. I really don’t know why we didn’t consider buying some ourselves but we had been sitting there so long it felt like it was ours. When the club closed, we waited in my car until everyone had left then drove around to the side. It was about three o’clock in the morning when we scaled the six foot rote iron fence that encompassed the outside deck. Then we proceeded to hoist the table and chairs over. With Jerry on the outside of the fence, we quickly got all the pieces over then climbed back to the outside. Loading all the items into my little hatchback was the more difficult part but we managed with stuff hanging out all over the place. We squeezed ourselves into the car and started to drive away. We got about ten meters when a blue light came on behind us. I was driving so that meant an immediate DWI for me. With the stolen property, I had a pretty good idea what was coming next. The policeman was remarkably nice. He thought our story was very comical and thus was very affable. He had been watching us for a while as we were carrying out our plan and knew we didn’t mean any real harm. To him it was more like a college prank but he still had to do his job. He said that when we started rearranging the remaining furniture so that it looked nice and symmetric, he knew we weren’t real thieves…just idiots. We returned the furniture from whence it came then went off to jail. It was a Friday night and there were a lot of people being processed for one thing or another. I remember standing in a line and being told that when we get to the Officer; we had to say, “OB,” then our full name. I wasn’t sure what the ‘O.B.’ stood for but it really didn’t matter. We were still pretty lit up so when I got to the Officer; I said, “I am O.B…Wan Ken Obi.” I said it with more of a Darth Vader voice so it wasn’t really an accurate impersonation. Billy and Jerry fell on the floor laughing and the other offenders thought it funny too. The policeman did not so I apologized and continued. Somewhere in the night, the arresting Officer approached me and offered me a deal. I was to be charged for DWI anyway so he offered to not put the attempted theft on Kroger and Oslo’s records if I took full responsibility. It seemed like a no-brainer to me. Jerry and Billy would be free without a blemish on their records. The Navy was still important to them and I couldn’t care less about the Navy. I took the fall for them and got the DWI and a misdemeanor for the furniture. Billy and Jerry went home. When I was released the next day, I went straight to Navy Legal and informed them what had happened, not mentioning Billy or Jerry. I got a slap on the wrist, was told I had to use a civilian attorney for a civilian offense, and it was over (the Navy part anyway). I had hoped the Navy would tell me that I was discharged and send me home but they didn’t. I really think Tony had something to do with it. He wanted to stay in the Navy and wanted me to stay also. Maybe he fixed my file or something. He never admitted to it but he kept a lot of things secret.
I helped Tony some with rebuilding a bar for some kind of sting operation he was planning. He initially had kept the details of what it was for from me as he did all of his friends. He was always trying to protect his friends. Billy and Jerry never knew that he was NIS. Anyone that he associated with on his job was kept from us. I never even got to meet Natasha. He said I was probably the only other person that could steal her away from him. I didn’t believe it but it was a nice of him to say.
Billy, Jerry, and I continued on do the same things as before but I felt different somehow. I really can’t explain it but I felt alone again. Things that were fun before were only mildly interesting and I felt something pulling me in a different direction. I knew I had strayed from the person that I really was and deep down I wanted to return to my natural state of mind. This wasn’t me. God was calling me back. I suppose he had never stopped calling but for the first time in years…I was listening. Still, my impulsiveness would take some effort and time to get under control. I needed to be separate from Billy and Jerry because I knew the things that we had done could have serious repercussions on their lives if we continued to do them. At that point in time, I had little doubt that my will was weaker than my resolve. Most of the crazy stuff that we had been doing all along had been my ideas and my desires. I didn’t want to cause them to get in trouble for my impulsiveness. They were my friends and I had to leave them because I was their friend. For the next three years my only close friend would be Tony who valued and expected goodness from me and was the only one who knew I could not be at peace until I had aspired to some greater cosmic good. Happiness was a long way off.
***
October, 1988: Mysteriously I found myself in the Wilson County jail in Lebanon, Tennessee. I had no recollection of my arrest or anything leading up to that arrest. In fact, I had no recollection of the previous two or three years; other than a few instances where I worked with or advised Tony. I mean, I remembered nothing of my life or career for all that time. Anyway, the reason I was incarcerated, apparently, was I had fallen asleep in my car on the side of interstate 40 while leaving my car running. The County Sheriff's deputy gave me a breathalyzer which was under the limit. I was taken in for a blood test. I assumed I had been drunk since I couldn't remember how I got there. I didn't feel drunk and wasn't registering as drunk, according to the tests. While I was in there, it was discovered that I had UA from the Navy for nearly three weeks. Although I pleaded innocent of the drunk driving charge, they knew they had me over a barrel. If I didn't plead guilty soon, I would be UA for more than thirty days which is desertion. I eventually did relent. Still, they held me until I was over thirty days. Bastards!
The Navy sent a US Marshall to bring me home. His name was Agent Brown. He was a 6’ 4” black man and was one of the keenest guys I ever met. We started talking about what I had done then, in a very nice way, he spoke to me quietly. I remember his speech word for word.
“I know your type. You do stuff that you know will get you in trouble if caught. You charm and smile your way out of it. You’re so smart that you find ways of getting into trouble just so you can find ways to get out. Everything always seems to work for you, if you want it to, because anything you really want to accomplish you can with little effort. But I can’t for the life of me figure out how a smart guy like you could get caught so easily. It’s as if you were trying to get caught. It doesn’t matter. You know, you’re just like my little brother is just like you. I can only pray for him like I’ll pray for you.”
Then he took me shopping…seriously. My clothes were oily and dirty for reasons I couldn't recall. They were smelly and mildewed from being packed away wet for ten days in jail. He didn’t like the clothes I chose…blue jeans and a t-shirt. He dressed me like Steve Erkel and said it made me look more trustworthy and less dangerous. I didn’t really know why it mattered. When I get back to base, I would have to put the uniform back on but, he said it mattered. We took a short flight from Nashville to Memphis and talked for a while. He wanted to be a Texas Ranger and was preparing to make the move from Tennessee the following year. He told me all about stuff that I don’t imagine he told everyone. Maybe I really did remind him of his little brother. When he dropped me off at the brig at my base, we said goodbye and shook hands. Not much of a friendship but I’ve remembered him fondly all my life. I really needed and wanted his prayers. I had absolutely no clue what had happened to me these last years. Strangely, I remembered in detail everything that had happened to Tony. His marriage, his military training, his one hundred and thirty year walk through time fighting in every war that America fought, even the tragedy that sent him all Darth Vader on a good part of the Memphis crime syndicate were all as vivid in my memories as they were in Tony’s. Those stories I tell in the books Love, War, and Treasure too and When Darkness Shines Bright.
***
Anyway, that first day that I was back was actually something of a relief to me. I seemed to have become accustomed to the discipline of a daily routine, and really had subconsciously missed it. But the first course of business was a Captain's Mast. It was an informal hearing with the Captain or his representative in most cases. A Captain in the Navy is equivalent to a full bird Colonel in the other armed forces. He is in absolute command of his base, as he would be on a ship. Anyway, to have to go before the Captain personally, the offense would have to be substantial. Mine was not. I went in front of his representative. He was a Lt. Commander and, in my opinion, he exuded a considerable aura of authority. I was afraid of being discharged dishonourably. I wanted out but not that way. So, I turned on the charm and gave him a full, almost honest story of how I had gotten to this point. Of course, I had no idea how I had gotten to that point so I made up a few very believable tales. In the end, everything turned out acceptably. I was sentenced to 30 days in the brig. Then, I would be assigned to Memphis Naval Air Station. I would no longer be attached to Memphis Naval Air Technical Training Center.
My days in the brig were actually quite pleasant. I really did like the ordered existence that it provided. Unlike a regular jail, the people here weren’t real criminals but just guys who did stupid stuff. Most of them had gone UA, unauthorized absence, for whatever reason. We still had discipline and followed orders. I thought it curious how many Christians were there. When I knelt to pray, asking for some clue as to what had happened to me, others knelt to pray with me no matter the location. Cursing was forbidden. We spent the days working, doing things like polishing brass and buffing floors. We had a couple of huge machines that we used. They required enough experience to use that we became known as buffer technicians. Every day, we would clean the floors for hours then do it all over again the next day. This routine was designed to keep us busy and it wasn’t bad. But the best thing about the place was that it had the softest beds that I have ever slept in in my entire life. It was like sleeping on a cloud full of whipped cream. Sleeping had never come easy for me. I always kept thinking about this or that and never seemed to settle easily into sleep. However, the moment I laid down on that cloud, I was swept away into the heavens. Getting up in the mornings made me want to cry.
This was basically the end of my less than illustrious Navy career.

Love, War, and Treasure too: Book Two
***
Excerpt from Chapter 9: August, 1987: As Tony dropped down into the river tunnel from the darker cavern, he was amazed by how light it was. He could see the entrance and it appeared as if it were daylight outside. Of course it wasn’t but his eyes had become so accustomed to the total absence of light that night time darkness was relatively brilliant. He ran for the river full speed and suddenly slid to a stop. He had almost forgot to blow the tunnel in his haste to escape the darkness. He looked for the trigger but couldn’t find it. A moment ago it seemed light and now he couldn’t see anything. “Screw it!” he said aloud and again took off running towards the light.
When he reached the end, he stopped and breathed in deeply shaking off the sense of claustrophobia. Scanning the riverside for Natasha, he spied her standing alongside the canoe waiting. She had pulled the brush away from it and was pacing nervously.
“Tasha!” he called softly.
“Tony, I was so worried. Where have you been? What took you so long?” she cried out a little too loudly.
“I stopped and got some donuts. I hope you like Bavarian cream!” he laughed as he jumped down from the twenty foot cliff to the sandy riverside beach.
“Chocolate covered. I hope!”
“Is there any other kind?” Tony said as he ran to her, picked her up and kissed her roughly. Adrenaline still coursed through his body. “We have to hurry. I didn’t get to blow the tavern or the tunnel. They’re on their way.” He really doubted they would even be able to find the river tunnel from the cavern but he knew to never under estimate people. Tony ran to the canoe and pulled it to the edge of the water. He took the plunge trigger out and placed it beside the boat. Locating the two wires that were connected to his backup generator, he hooked them to their posts. Natasha walked up beside him and handed him his gun and flashlight back. He holstered the gun and tossed the light in the bottom of the canoe then turned his attention back to the explosives trigger.
“Would you like to do the honors, Miss Ledkenski?” he said chivalrously.
“It would be a great honor, sir. But don’t you want to?”
He shook his head and said, “No ma’am, please hurry!”
She grabbed the tee of the plunger cautiously and paused. Tony saw the entrance of the tunnel getting lighter and lighter. They had found the river shaft.
He looked back at Natasha and said, “Tasha…sweetheart, we can keep it and take it home with us. You can spend all the time you want with it then. For now could you please press the plunger down?”
She smiled and pushed the plunger back to Tony. “This is your crusade, Tony. I’m not sure I want to cause the death of anyone. Actually, I am sure I don’t want that. I don’t think I can do it.”
“You’re right! I wasn’t thinking about that. Get in the canoe, babe.” She did and Tony pushed it into deeper water while mashing the plunger down with his foot. He jumped in and immediately began paddling. A sharp crack sounded in the distance and a dull orange glow emanated from over the tree line a quarter mile away. A second larger blast rocked the same spot. The hundred and twenty year old tavern vanished in a ball of flames. As if dominoes were falling, blasts began cascading closer and closer until flames shot from the mouths of the two tunnels. Tony saw the silhouettes of four men fly from one cave entrance followed by a ball of flame. Then everything was totally quiet.
“Is it over?” Natasha asked innocently as if she has watching a fireworks show.
“Yep, that’s it!” he said as he maneuvered the canoe around so that he could paddle backwards. Then he took long, strong strokes with the oars. Within seconds, they were nearly out of the lagoon.
A deep rumbling sound began to reverberate from the hillside. They were not yet into the river current and the water’s surface was still calm. Spicules on the surface started forming at an ever increasing rate. It was like when a glass of water is set on a washing machine during the spin cycle. It took Tony only seconds to figure out what was happening. He began rowing furiously towards the center of the river.
“What’s happening, Tony?” Natasha muttered in an alarmed tone.
“I think we broke the mountain!”
“What?”
“There must have been a lot more tunnels and caves in there. We might have stressed them to a point of catastrophic collapse. Like when a house of cards collapses. Levi is going to be soooo pissed.”
The orange glow at the top of the hill suddenly went dark. Then the thundering crescendo of millions of tons of rock falling in on itself drowned out the initial rumbles of the falling hill. The horizon that existed seconds before dropped below the level of the river and a void was created that would soon be filled with the water that was in front of Tony and Natasha’s puny conveyance. That vacuum was soon pulling their little canoe backwards. Tony continued paddling furiously.
“All that gold and you could not get a boat with a motor?” Natasha asked jokingly trying to hide her fear. She had to yell over the noise of the greedy river.
“The dealer said this was a real chic magnet,” Tony yelled back. 
“Hold on!”
They were sucked into the vacuum of swirling water but managed to stay upright and afloat. Fortunately, most of the void was filled before they were pulled into it. But the tumultuous cauldron could still topple them, pull them under, or simply smash the canoe into a pile of debris. They were pulled viciously over mangled trees and huge boulders, but rode out the worst of it without too much damage to the boat. After five extremely long minutes, they were actually making headway back toward the center of the river. Tony exhaled heavily and wiped his brow. He looked back, still breathing heavily, and broadly smiled at Natasha. Over to the river’s edge, he saw that everything was gone. The bluffs were erased like they had never existed. The river ruled where land once was. The tavern and all evidence of the turmoil of the last forty five minutes all vanished forever. A new river channel ran a quarter mile inland where land had once been and the mud shoals on the opposite bank, under the water moments before, were now the new coastline. Tony’s explosives had not only leveled the hill, they had changed the course of the mighty Mississippi itself. Now, it was over. Natasha and Tony floated in the quiet darkness heading toward the bright city of Memphis.
“That was fun!” said Natasha sarcastically to break the silence. “Where are we going now?”
“Not too far! There’s a hole in the boat,” he responded nonchalantly.
Natasha looked down and saw the water rising very slowly. “Anyone ever tell you that you are a really fun date?”
Tony turned and smiled at her. It seemed nothing could rattle her. “You know I really love you, right?”
They passed Memphis without trying to paddle ashore. Tony pulled a back pack from the bottom of the canoe and strapped it on. It was designed as a floating device and he thought he would need it considering all the other weight he was carrying. The guns weren’t necessary anymore but he wanted to hold on to them just in case. The combat boots, he had borrowed from a Marine helicopter pilot so he had to keep them too. The backpack also contained some other survival gear that he thought he might need. Only then did he realize that he hadn’t packed any food. After twenty minutes, water half-filled the boat. “There’s a small island just a couple of more miles ahead. I think we’ll get to it before we sink completely. Is it too soon in our relationship to ask you if you can swim?”
She muffled a laugh, “Yes, I can swim. Why did we not just paddle straight to shore?” she asked.
“I’ll explain it later. What did you bring me for dinner?”
“What?” She asked looking confused.
“You brought dinner to the tavern. What was it?”
“Chinese food. Why?”
“Because it might be the last thing we didn’t get to eat for a while! With Chinese food, we’ll be hungry an hour after not eating it…maybe even sooner.” Tony smiled feebly at her. “Sorry, bad humor seems to be my thing today.”
“Every day…I think!” She winked and kissed his direction.


When Darkness Shines Bright: Book Three
Excerpt from Chapter 4: Three men sat paralyzed at the back table; naked, battered, and dripping blood. Two had their eyes opened showing obvious terror as the third one breathed no more. In the middle of the alleyway café, a bloody shredded corpse dangled swinging upside down like a side of beef hanging on a meat hook. A dozen trapped victims gaped at the shocking and morbid spectacle before them. Zeke, the gang leader, recognized his co-conspirators from a few nights prior and turned to Tony with sudden awareness. Tony locked his steely gaze and pulled a rope. A mixture of gasoline and gelatin poured from a dozen buckets perched precariously on the roof’s edge, into the confined space of the alley café. It coated Tony’s surprised guests with a volatile mixture, adhering tenaciously like Napalm to their bodies and clothing. When the lethal concoction oozed to the already flaming gate, an inferno erupted with a forceful ‘whoosh.’ An escaping wall of heat and wind pushed violently into the chilly night air. Shrill, agonizing screams from the dozen or more victims echoed in the narrow alleyway. Fire-enveloped bodies danced around grotesquely and fell writhing to the ground. The din of the screams slowly died, as the crackle of the fire consumed the wooden furniture and popped ferociously. Ivy, climbing up the brick walls as the fire licked at it, smoldered, turned brown, and became enveloped in flame themselves. The burning corpse hanging in the center crashed to the ground as an amorphous mass of charred flesh and flames. Sirens sounded in the distance and Tony waited as they came closer. He wanted to savor every moment. The fire had singed his hair and scorched his face but he stood there watching these people die in a burning hell. The Hell that his soul felt…burning uncontrollably. Fittingly, Russian opera music played in Tony's head. Taking one last photo, he dropped into a manhole in the street and crawled through the filth and slime of the sewer to the edge of the river. He had killed more people than was guilty of Tasha’s murder but they were far from innocent of other despicable acts. He felt no guilt for their deaths. Tony felt nothing but hate.



About The Author
***
You just read about the author. Just kidding. There’s more but most is covered min subsequent volumes of The Evil Within series. My youth is covered in detail in Leviticus Prime and adulthood in subsequent volumes so the only thing left is perhaps a summary and my current status. I went to college at the University of North Carolina in Charlotte and at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville. Though Anthropology was my major, I found it too difficult to limit myself to one subject. I became knowledgeable at a great many things but expert at none. Moving around the South as much as I have, I’ve seen a great many beautiful things and places. I love the South and would choose to live nowhere else. Currently, I live in Columbia, South Carolina where I first discovered life. In my spare time, I substitute teach at several Lexington County Elementary Schools as a part time venture. The children at that level inspire me with their honesty and desire to help and I am made young again. As a writer, I find that very necessary.

